B00002Z88D|5.0|I must say this album alsolutley great...if u know wjo metallica is or heard a couple songs then you'll love..and if your a true Metallica fan you'll still love it....some songs are Great with the symp. (ex:For whom  the bell tollz,fuel,no leaf clover,sad but true,ect.) it's just as good as  a greatest hits album excpet some of their songs arten't there (ex:creeping  eath,ride the lightening,leper messiah and KING NOTHING) if you like  metallica or hard rock but you want a good twist to it i definatley  recomend this album
B00000IPAX|5.0|its a awsome cd to listen to all day lon
B000031WD8|5.0|Let it be said that while it may be hard to make a movie for teenagers, this one hits the ticket.  It focuses smartly on sex, drugs, and alchol,some of the things teenagers can be affectred by.      If you see  only one movie this year, make sure it's American Pie
B000002AT6|5.0|I am a serious film soundtrack collector. Some people call me an &quot;audiophile.&quot; This album would be one of my top five, no matter what. I have had it for about two years, and my love for it has only  increased with every listen. This summer, I went adventuring in Colorado  for eight days in the heart of the Rocky Mountains. My hiking friend, who  was escorting me through the state, had a CD player in his Jeep. We  listened to many of my soundtracks. This one was hands down, we both  decided, the perfect fit to the bone jarring majesty and beauty that  confronts one in the solitude of the Rocky Mountains. Buy this CD, it is  incredible. One warning: any listening to this score during moments of true  grief or sadness is guaranteed to produce tears (unless you fight that sort  of thing.) I happened to turn this score on after I lost a good friend  once, and I couldn't believe what it did to me. There is a depth of feeling  and emotion in this 70+ minute score that lasts from beginning to end,  without ever becoming boring or repetitive. By the way, this review is also  entirely independent of the film (I've never seen it.) This soundtrack is  also known to many people who are not into this type of music, or don't  listen to any &quot;classical&quot; music. I've had heavy metal heads tell  me they liked this score. The themes develop throughout the CD, and  culminate in an awesome London Symphony Orchestra display of musical  brilliance in the last track. Pay special attention to tracks 1-4, 12 &amp;  13. For one of the most intense musical contrasts between chaos and  tranquility I've ever heard, listen to track five and the ensuing  transition that the beginning of track six provides. One of the greatest  film scores, if not pieces of music, ever written. And by the way, if the  James Horner haters tell you it is like Dances With Wolves, they are  talking about all of about 40 seconds in one track. IMHO, there is no real  similarity there anyway.
B00000K31Q|5.0|I saw this movie a couple weeks ago and totally fell in love with it and it's characters.  Yes, I am a teenager, but I also understand that many adults (including my parents and sisters) have enjoyed it.  Any teenager  that watches this movie can relate to something, which is one reason I  found it so interesting.  I think many viewers find themselves totally  interested in one character and paying attention to that one throughout the  movie, hoping he/she gets what they want.  Also, the acting in this movie  was AWESOME. The casting director needs some kind of award for this,  because the teenagers portray their characters very well.  If you haven't  seen this movie, you must see it.  Maybe some people find it to be a bad  movie, but I think most of you will be very interested in it and want to  watch it again and again.
0553278355|4.0|Esther Greenwood is an accomplished, yet young writer.  She moves to New York City for an internship, and her life begins its downward spiral.  Her relationship with her mother is extremely volatile.  Esther returns home  after her internship is over.  She attempts suicide several times  beforebeing adtmitted into a mental hospital.  There, Esther finally  recieves the help she needs.    The story of Esther Greewood is that of  the author, Sylvia Plath.  Tbe novel is an emotional view of a suicidal  human being.  It is depressing and realistic.  The author's style brings  the reader into the novel to experience Esther's thoughts and emotions.
6303168507|5.0|Although I have given this movie 5 stars it is not perfect. For example, I found the parting scene near the end unneccessarily sentimental and out of place in a film that otherwise had fantastically realistic scenes and  dialogue throughout. But Schindeler's list is a cut above a majority of  films produced this century. The acting, particularly Ralph Fiennes as Amon  Goethe, is unsurpassed. The cinematography is excellent and the music is  haunting (I would recommend buying the soundtrack as well as this video).  I'll admit it's not for everyone because although it gives a glimpse of the  better side of human nature it also shows the worst of humanity and can be  quite disturbing. It is by far the most moving film I have ever  seen.<br />Horribly compelling viewing.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Those guys are so grat, I mean their first album was great but this one is excellent. I love every single song on this album!
B000023VTQ|5.0|An excellent film. A Commical and outragous love story set in Notting Hill, London. One of the best love stories this year.<br />A guy ( Hugh Grant)meets a girl and they fall in love.A truley enjoyable film for the  whole family.<br />Make it one of this years &quot; must see&quot;<br />You have  really gotta see this. you'll enjoy it!
6300213714|5.0|A little corny, but a great cult classic.  The opening music playing over the credits while they're riding the subway puts you in the mood for the breakneck pace and great visuals of the film.  The biggest question:  WHEN  WILL THEY RELEASE A RE-MASTERED DVD?
0790736942|5.0|Believe it or not a movie that terrifies most people who've seen it, can be considered A MUST SEE FILM.  However, that's the case with this film.  This is a definate for all hardcore movie buffs.  The story line of a  little girl who is possessed by an evil spirit is taken to the extreme and  leaves the audience in fear.  Linda Blair plays the role of the little girl  and has a great performance.  If you're interested Linda is all grown up  now and has been doing some acting; mostly in low budget films.  Most  noted, sort of a comedy spoof on this film entitled REPOSESSED.  She also  did a film called NIGHT PATROL where she goes topless.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|The album is great, but be careful because once you start listening to it you just can't stop. Very adictive.
6304795254|5.0|Hmm...It would be a terrible waste of time to describe the plot...so I'll just say it: The Game is superb filmaking.  This is awesome, intense, chilling, everything, man!     While good, the slightly contrived ending  sucked a little of the life out of it, and it doesn't stack up to the  wonderful endings of Fight Club, or Se7en.  Those are superior pictures,  but saying that The Game even comes close to those astonishing achievments  is a major complement in itself.    See it, for God's sake, and discover  the object of the game.
6305358567|4.0|This was easily the best cast film of 1998, perhaps of the decade.  Blanchett's Elizabeth is every bit as complex and, in the end, interestingly enigmatic, and a bit tragic, as was the historic Elizabeth I.<br />Those who complain that this movie is filled with historic inaccuracies  miss the CLEAR intension of the movie to be a pastiche, a tableaux, an  impressionistic look at Elizabeth I's rise to power.  (Notice how the open  credits suggest tableaux, and the rather hard edits between scenes lend the  movie, slighly, a quality of a collection of scenes, not necessarily meant  to be tightly woven together.  Also, for those who know their Church  history, the opening scene sets the impressionistic interpreation the movie  follows by dressing the Roman bishops in ALL black, even their mitres.  No  such liturgical vestment has ever existed, even for Requiem Masses...the  Roman Church, in this movie, is The Bad Guy, and its representatives are  costumed accordingly.  This is not an historical mistake, it is an ARTISTIC  CHOICE, and it works.)<br />Geoffrey Rush's portrayal of the historical  Lord, advisor, and protector of Elizabeth I is subtle and utterly amazing.  And the writing helps developes the character well, too.  Lord  Wallsingham's homosexuality was rather an open, albeit quiet, secret w/in  Elizabeth's court.  It was also why he was trusted until the very  end...Elizabeth knew his heart would always be unclouded by the various  matrimonial schemes surrounding her and drawing in many of her other  advisors.  Thus the movie's clever and subtle consistency in first showing  Rush's character in the company of a young man (in a bedroom), then showing  him w/ another young, attractive man who works w/ him as an apprentice spy,  and finally sending him off to engage with Mary of Scots in a way one could  hypothesize a heterosexual man might be less able to.  (I am vague in order  to not give away too many surprises.)<br />This movie is a feast for the  eyes.  It is dark, to be sure--black costumes, torch-lit corridors, and  scenes at night abound--but, again, these are good impressionistic choices  that set off the BRIGHT moments in the movie during which Elizabeth's early  innocence and later power are communicated.  I don't give this movie a full  5 stars only because of what were, I feel, some very poor decisions  regarding the soundtrack (Mozart's Requium and Elgar w/in the same crucial  scene! ) and a handful of spots where the pacing could have been picked up.  All in all, however, this is a GREAT movie and a MUST HAVE.is dark, to be sure--black costumes, torch-lit corridors, and  scenes at night abound--but, again, these are good impressionistic choices  that set off the BRIGHT moments in the movie during which Elizabeth's early  innocence and later power are communicated.  I don't give this movie a full  5 stars only because of what were, I feel, some very poor decisions  regarding the soundtrack (Mozart's Requium and Elgar w/in the same crucial  scene! ) and a handful of spots where the pacing could have been picked up.  All in all, however, this is a GREAT movie and a MUST HAVE.
6305327041|5.0|I always thought that everything Tartantino touched turned to gold, and with Four Rooms this is no exception!  Although Tarantino wasn't the only Director, with Rodriguez(Dusk till dawn, factily) and the other two Anders,  Rockwell, this film makes for very interesting viewing. The way the four  directors styles came through is amazing, and how Tim Roth did this half  camp, half freek role is beyond me.  Take a chance, buy this film.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|The most amazing album ever. And I thoug their first self-titled album was the bes but now i just can't choose. Buy it.
B000021XS0|5.0|A lot of these posts talk about concept album and are making a lot of comparisons I just don't understand (since I don't have the other said bands' albums).  At any rate, if you're a DT fan, then you already have it,  so I'm only going to review it for those who don't have it.  First, I'd  recommend getting Images and Words, and listening to Metropolis pt 1, and  study the song for a good portion of time.  Try to understand the lyrics  and the music.  Then get this album and listen to it.  First, the riffs and  lyrics that get shared will run a chill up your spine.<br />The music is like  nothing I can describe, and if you do not think it's talented, then I  challenge you to find another group of musicians that can play this (part  of the amazingness is not their individual talents, which are amazing  within themselves, but their ability to simply blend with each other).<br />My  friends have trashed out the singer, but I also challenge YOU to sing like  that.  In this album his voice represents 4 different people, and if you  listen carefully, you can hear him change his tone between the  characters.<br />Finally, the lyrics get trashed out the most.  This is a bit  of a musical that was designed to put a specific image or emotion within  you.  On that note, anyone who claims to understand the lyrics on this  album fully, please email me, because I have a few questions for  you.<br />This is a very daring album because these tried and true musicians  are trying their hand at different 'flavors' of music with a Prog Rock  core.  They're also doing an album where all the songs are related to each  other, something I haven't seen outside musicals.<br />I've heard this  compared to Pink Floyd, the Wall, which is an album I completely do not  understand.  This album is more understandable than The Wall, but if you've  done what I suggested then you'll probably be left with some questions even  after you've finished listening to it, which is something that a daring  album should do (okay, so maybe I guess I do get the Wall).<br />I'm a big fan  of DT, so I'm biased there.  However, I'm sure you can do what I've  suggested by finding such a fan and asking to borrow their CDs.<br />I like  this album, and I hope that you do too.
B00002MZ12|4.0|&quot;Supposed Former Infactuation Junkie&quot; ranks with Sinead O'Connor's &quot;I Do Not Want What I Haven't Got&quot; and Hole's &quot;Live Through This&quot; as my favorite  albums.<br />&quot;Unplugged&quot; is a wonderful companion to SFIJ as it  includes two tracks that she left off the album:&quot;Prices Fimiliar&quot;  and &quot;These R The Thoughts&quot;-which is my favorite song on this cd.   I wonder why she left them both of SFIJ.<br />&quot;Joining You,&quot;  &quot;No Pressure Over Cappuccino,&quot; &quot;That I Would Be Good,&quot;  &quot;I Was Hoping,&quot; and &quot;King of Pain&quot; are also  wonderful.<br />Like Sinead and Courtney, Alanis is brilliant in her honest  lyric writing.  The three of them give us a glimpse into their souls,  struggles, and growth through their honesty- which makes their music all  that more special. The three of them take us along on the story of their  lives.  It's really special and inspiring in a day were meaningless cotton  candy type albums sell of the racks.<br />I like SFIJ better than JLP because  you see in SFIJ how much the angry (and rightly so) Alanis finds love and  forgiveness.<br />I gave this cd only four stars because I was really hoping  &quot;So Pure,&quot; &quot;Unset,&quot; &quot;Thank You,&quot; and my SFIJ  favorite &quot;Sympathetic Character&quot; would be on the ablum.<br />This is  really a great album and I highly recommend it, especially if you like  Alanis.
0684833395|1.0|First of all, the only part of the book that was worth reading was the end, but one thing that REALLY REALLY ANNOYED ME about this book is that is states:<br />1. The military is bad and unorganized<br />2. Whoever is in the  military is an idoit<br />3. Whoever opposes the military is heroic<br />THESE  ARE COMPLETELY FALSE!  I HATED THIS BOOK SO MUCH AND I THINK THAT IT SUMS  UP TO..... MAIN POINT IN CATCH 22: Nothing is worth fighting for.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Before I bought this album I knew little about this amazing duo, but after i bought this album i became their biggest fan. God i love their work so much!
B00000J631|5.0|Songs are too short, but there are plenty of them, and I guess that's the novelty of it all.  AFI has their best song on here.  Good CD that has all the punk bands(almost).
6303160344|4.0|This is my least favorite of the series. I object to its abuse of music: <br />1) The movie takes place in the present, yet the piece in question, the running theme, so to speak, is a facsimile of Beethoven's ninth symphony.  In the first place, Beethoven and Schiller already wrote Beethoven's ninth  symphony; it isn't necessary to commission someone to write another. In the  second place, no late-twentieth-century composer worth his salt speaks  Beethoven's tonal language, the tonal language of the early nineteenth  century. <br />2) The movie's music is cartoonish. Our heroine crumples a page  of the score; we hear cacophony. Hollywood composers have a term for this  sort of thing: &quot;Mickey Mouse-ing&quot;.<br />3) It is frustrating to be  allowed only glimpses of the score. Either assume your movie is intended  for general audiences, not musicians, and don't show the score close up at  all, or else let us really see the damn thing. (Well, I assume the movie is  to this extent intended for a general audience that wants to pretend itself  musically literate--an audience of pseudo-intellectuals.)<br />(If you like  French movies about music think of &quot;Un Coeur en Hiver&quot;.)
B00002MZ2T|5.0|The first time I've heard this album I was like WOW.  It's so good. I love all the songs but my favourite are &quot;Affirmation&quot; &quot;I KnewI loved You&quot; &quot;Chained to You&quot; &quot;Two Bed and a Coffee  Machine&quot; &quot;You Can Still Be Free&quot; &quot;Gunning down  romance&quot; and &quot;I don't Know you anymore&quot;. Buy It!
B00000J6AG|5.0|Never have I heard a CD that was so void of labels.  How do you classify Moby?  His first major release, Everything Is Wrong, would be Dance/Techno.  Then came That's When I Reached for My Revolver, which was more punk rock.   But his latest album, Play, is like no other.  Moby takes elements of  classic blues and gospel samples and blends them with a modern day techno  blues mix...if that's possible.  It is such an ecclectic mix of music from  the popability of Bodyrock, to the slightly unnerving Run On.  Many times  the gospel vocals invoke a tragic feeling to the songs like Why Does My  Heart Feel So Bad?  This is a CD that trancends all music to inspire and  force other musicians to equal the artistic brilliance that Moby show with  this album.  He manages an almost rock-like Find My Baby to lead into the  beauty that is Porcelain.  Play in undoubtedly one of the best albums of  the year, and simply a must have for any music fans.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This album is so different and so unique but at the same time great, the best, fab. Made by true artists.
B00000J8EK|4.0|As techno music continues to emerge from the shadows of modern day rock, the chemical brothers seem to be heading the fore front.  Growing and molding their talents with each album, Surrender is their latest success.   It seems as though the chemical brothers have recreated themselves in order  to breathe life into the public perception of electronica music.  They  reach from the exciting and danceable beats of &quot;Hey Boy, Hey  Girl&quot; to the rock influenced &quot;Let Forever Be,&quot; and finish it  off with a statement making &quot;Out of Control.&quot;  The Brothers have  so many successful elements about their music that they refuse to be boxed  in by any labels, making their albums, especially Surrender, fun from  beginning to end. I highly recommend this album for any listeners.
B00000J7JO|5.0|...to have new sounds in my album collection. It so happened that I only had seen the lyrics of Scar Tissue in a magazine(I HAVEN'T heard the song yet for God's sake! ) and decided to buy the album...Truth to be told I the  only exposure to RHCP's music is thru the radio. When I heard first heard  the album.....I was STUNNED!  This album is truly one of the greatest  album in the whole universe!  Scar Tissue is undoubtedly one of the most  profound songs ever written.Parallel Universe, Around The World, Savior,  Californication and Easily are amongst the best songs in this collection of  MAGNIFICENT songs!  Call me biased but now RHCP's genius had truly made me  their fan...
0380789019|5.0|One of the most amazing novels I have ever read. Neil Gaiman is a master at storytelling. Read this book today YOU won't be sorry.
6303340830|4.0|The big guy gives a good performance showing his talent at kicking buts!It has a reasonable plot with a good moral to it and nice to see the good guys come through in a pinch. The accents are somehow suspicious, not the best  Russian accents I have witnessed, but don't drag the film down. Good corny  good guy, bad guy film but great to watch and easy to understand!
B00001QEBQ|4.0|This is by far, the Very Best of Disney! Mulan will be long remembered after the Lion King, and Beauty and The Beast, have been laid to rest!
B00000K19E|5.0|What a great movie! The plot is extremely well thought out; the visual FX are exciting and yet not overwhelming to the detriment of the action. I loved the martial arts sequences. I am not a Keanu Reeves fan; however, I  thought he gave a very credible performance. In the face of technically  demanding work, the character remained fresh and &quot;real&quot;!I also  loved the role of Trinity, who Carrie-Anne Moss portrayed so well. Finally,  a movie where the female character is a very capable  strong person.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Immediate Classic.  The action is and sound is the best that I have ever seen.  AP and RD are explosive on the screen.  Worth every penny.  The street get-away seen will never be duplicated on the screen.
B00000JCOV|5.0|These guys do got guts and are pretty impressive. I like em a lot and hope they go on tour one more time cuz I missed em the first time around.
B00000163G|5.0|While 2pac may not be the best gifted MC ever, he definitely appeals to people. Whether it be that gangstified vibe or the fact that he just can make people feel his pain, he is an instant sell. Although I'd rather  listen to Biggie, I have to give credit where credit is due. Besides The  Don Killuminati album, this is his best album. But it don't really matter  because both are classics. They both have better lyrics than most of his  other stuff, and this one has some more thoughts rather than his usual  killing and Westside this and that. However, this album still has plenty of  that, like California Love (the original version is much better, than this  remix, which is my biggest complaint about the album) and Ambitionz Az A  Ridah. But he shows some insight on tracks like I Ain't Mad At Cha, &amp;  All About You (which is my favorite track on the album). In terms of beats,  this album is strictly bangin'... Almost every track on it is amazing. But  don't be played as a fool, he uses samples as well. Maybe not as much as  Bad Boy, but they're there. All About You, Life Goes on and others have  samples. But I don't care, it still sounds good. That's all that matters.  Anyhow, &quot;Only God Can Judge Me&quot; is where 2pac really does his  best and shows his true persona. Basically, he says the same ol' about how  painful live is, but through good or bad, only God can judge him. That  track is easily the best lyrically by him on the album, but it's not saying  a lot. Nonetheless, the beats are what make this album, and while the  lyrics may be the same ol', same ol', it at least comes from the man that  originated the Thug theme. A classic for any hip-hop fan, especially those  who think beats first, but if you absolutely can't stand shallow lyrics  stay away from this one. As for me, I prefer lyrics, but beats also woo me,  and this one definitely caught my ears in attention. But like I said  before, I'd rather hear Life After Death. Any how, both albums are  classics, and both artists were outstanding... One love to both...
1878424114|5.0|Sure, there are too many self-help books on the market, that often say similar things. In this one, Deepak Chopra manages to take some timeless advice (some of which has been in other books) and ADD HIS PERSONAL SLANT  in simple, easy to understand language that makes it accessible and usable.  And, a fast read. I was so impressed with this book, I gave a copy to my  wife on our first date 2 years ago.  I've given copies to other friends  too.  Check out the section on detachment from the results, and see if you  don't get an epiphany.  Read the book twice, then re-read it yearly.
0688156819|1.0|I like Tim Burton's movies, and I saw the drawing of the Oyster Boy in an ad for this book in the New Yorker, and naively assumed all the drawings would be like that, but they are not. The artwork is ugly, and the  sentiments are worse: a father eats his oyster-son to enhance his sex life.  It's not for children or me either.
B00000JTB2|5.0|I just got this cd and think it is outstanding!  I just wish there were more albums by these two out there.  I have everything available on SRV and  none of it tops this CD.  It is easy to see why SRV chose Albert King as  his mentor. King is truly a master of the blues guitar.  The world suffered  a tremendous loss when these two musicians died. There will never be anyone  like them again.  If you like rockin blues, you need this for your  collection!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This CD is great. There's not a whole lot to say - buy this. Even if you're not a Rage fan, although I must say I'm a little saddened by how Rage has gotten more popular now and been lumped in with the likes of Limp  Bizkit and Korn - they are far superior. I'm a long-time Rage fan, and this  CD rocks. Everyone is superb, and Tom's guitar is spectacular as always -  the chorus riff of &quot;Maria&quot; (album's best song) is pure genius.
B00000J7J4|4.0|This new one form Carlos Santana is nothing less of classic. I never used to listen to santana. i heard his songs before but never paid any attention to him. Now? ...I play this cd whenever I get the chance. I know that If I  like this,...then true fans of santana and any of the artists on this cd  will like this.<br />Don't hesitate on this one....just get it!
B00002Z88D|1.0|I picked up S&amp;M today and I thought 'Ok this could be coolyou know Metallica with a Symphony could really sound cool' but youknow what it isn't cool.  I feel that the guys did this at the wrong time, with the wrong songs.  Instead of picking all of the really long, melodious songs from Ride the Lightening, Master of Puppets, and ...And Justice for All, they instead put on all the songs from The Black Album and the Loads, which just don't belong with a symphony. Another problem is that the great songs on the album, like Puppets and For Whom the Bell Tolls, is that they seemed to be done with no energy, James just can't sing like he used to (It's a shame too) Instread of that famous growl, he sings like a country singer instead. I came into this epecting a whole lot more than i got out of it. If you want a good live Metallica experience, spend the extra cash and get the box set, it may near a $100, but its worth it, absolutley no sell out songs and James and Jason growling in full force.  Well another dissapointment form the guys.  On a scale of one to ten, S&amp;M gets a -12.  END
0930289528|5.0|Alan Moore has always been one of comics' most interesting iconoclasts. V For Vendetta, is for me, his best work. Combining social commentary with disturbing imagery, this tale of a dystopic Britain ruled by fear has as  its protagonist a cypher who proves to be the most interesting character  here. Everything here from the atmopshere to the plot work hand in hand to  create one of the most gripping and intelligent pieces of speculative  fiction ever.
0312853254|5.0|Speaker for the Dead is a wonderful sequel to Ender's Game. But so different, bear in mind it was written over a decade after the story of Ender was first in Card's head.  This book is more difficult to read and I  have some friends that had trouble getting into it.  It is more difficult  because it explores religion and life so much more deeply.  It forced me as  the reader to examine what things i expect and accept from my life and my  beliefs and realize there are others beliefs that are just as right and  good, but for others - not me.  It's good to understand more and open your  mind to all of the ways life can be loved.
6304145438|5.0|If you love christmas you will love this warm hearted movie classic. It has a &quot;Wonderful&quot; full star line up . The special effects were ahead of their time. James Stewart gives an award winning performance as  George, as well as Donna Reed as Mary, Henry Travers is trully an angle as  clarence. The director Frank Capra, it's his BEST.
0312853238|5.0|I just re-read Ender's Game for the 4th time.  I suspect that i will never get tired of reading this book.  The story is spellbinding and the stuggles and joys of Ender make you nervous and joyful for him and with him  throughout the novel.  A must read for all readers, not just science  fiction readers.
B000001DWG|5.0|This is a document of what could have been as well as what was. Don't forget Andrew Wood~ love rock awaits you....
0385495315|5.0|Mr. Singh has done a well-concerted effort in presenting a very lucid explanation of the science of cryptography.  He gives you a clear historical perspective alongwith an insight into some of the great minds  behind cryptanalysis and codemaking.  A most enthralling account of the  decoding of Enigma cipher is given plus  many important landmarks in the  history of cryptography like discovery of frequency analysis by Al-Kindi  and the conceptual development of public key cryptosystem by the team of  Diffie-Merkle-Hellman are given their due share. Despite being a  non-fiction work it reads a thrilling detective novel.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I've never heard of Diana Krall until i rented the movie, &quot;True Crime.&quot;  When i heard her sing the song, &quot;Why should I care&quot;, I knew this cd was for me.  Another great cd by Diana is her  Christmas cd entitled, &quot;Have yourself a merry little Christmas.&quot;   It's only a 3 song cd but the title track is well worth it...
B000002L7R|3.0|This is the album that separates the Prince fans from the Purple Rain fans.An audatious move for Prince,to follow up a blockbuster like Purple Rain with an ambitious,yet wildly uneven piece of work.It has it moments  like Raspberry Beret,Pop Life&amp; Paisley Park,the rest is  semi-memorable.The only reason Tamborine sticks to the brain it,s because  its so annoying.                               This album is a prime  example of an artist following their muse,and not be dictated by industry  second guessing.Most simply run the formula into the ground,or just give up  artistcally.It may not be Princes finest LP,but it's his boldest statement
6305627347|4.0|This was pretty much everything I could have hoped for in aSouth Park movie.  The plot was an average South Park plot.  Atwo-hour long South Park episode? What's wrong with that?  Hanging the comedic hook on the premise of animosity toward Canada just isn't that effective.  Movies that try to elicit humor by making a scapegoat of Canada (like &quot;Canadian Bacon&quot;) don't do that well.  The concept flops.  But no matter. The writing was at its usual delightful level.  Parker &amp; Stone got off their shot at the movie rating board.  And I loved it all.  I felt a special connection with the character The Mole, as if he were my alter ego.  Scary, huh? I was initially worried when I heard this was a musical.  But calm your fears; these are no hokey Disneyesque or Broadway show tunes.  These are Parker &amp; Stone songs.  You know how fun those are.  The energy in the songs is overwhelming.  I walked out of the theater refreshed, with a spring in my step.  When's the last time that ever happened to you?  This movie is definitely worth buying.
6300214753|5.0|i think that this is probably one of the funniest movies that i have ever read. That is bascvically all that i need to say. I would highly recammend buying this and watching this hilarious comedy
0399128964|5.0|Someone once told me that there are two types of science fiction: The type that makes you think (&quot;1984&quot;) and the type that's just for fun (&quot;Star Wars&quot;). On rare occasions, however, a piece of science  fiction comes along that is both fun and thought-provoking. That is  &quot;Dune.&quot;<br />I first read &quot;Dune&quot; when I was in high  school. I loved it. Paul Atreides really was the perfect human being:  Fighting the giant sand worms, building an alliance with the desert Freman  and defeating those evil Harkonnens to become King of the Universe.<br />I  read the book again several years later and this time the deeper meaning of  &quot;Dune&quot; became clear to me. Okay, &quot;spice = oil&quot; might  seem pretty basic, but there is so much more to the book than that. Rather  than just Good Guys vs. Bad Guys, Frank Herbert gives us so many characters  who you simply don't know what to make of. Do you like the Bene Gesserit?  The Bene Tleilax? CHOAM?<br />The sequels to &quot;Dune&quot; are good. I  especially liked &quot;Children of Dune&quot; and &quot;God Emperor of  Dune.&quot; Nothing, however, comes close to the original. It is a rare  treat.
0385484518|5.0|I just got done watching the movie Tuesdays with Morrie and I was truely touched because not only the courage of the teacher but the compassion of the student.It is to bad that there is not that much compassion shown more  in every day life or maybe it is but it's just not seen.I now plan to read  the book because the movie really drew me in and I do not watch that many  network movies so Oprah if you ever check in to this site I Thank you for  brining us this truely heart warming story. Any one who wishes to contact  me can reach me at lyllngn@aol.com
B000002ADT|4.0|... but I loved this album.  For those who are not major jazz experts, but are interested in the music, I highly suggest picking this CD up.  I believe it's a great intro to this music and you can't beat Miles Davis and  this classic album.<br />On the whole, the music is soothing and mellow.  If  you want music to relax to, write, read, etc..., this is the CD to get.  I  would say it's not as experimental as some of John Coltrane's later works,  so keep that in mind if you're looking for some really &quot;crazy&quot;  jazz pieces.<br />If you've never bought a jazz album but always wondered  where to start, this is it.  Get it and you'll find yourself more  interested in jazz and other artists.  It's a great starting point and just  classic, relaxing music, period.
1558908846|1.0|I was unfortunate enough to see this movie at the theater anddoubly unfortunate to see the movie again on dvd form.  I don't knowwho bothered to transfer this movie onto tape let alone put the effort into a dvd.  If you want to see a decent stallone movie (if there is such a thing) get Rambo First Blood.  If you want to watch rob schneighder watch Big Daddy.  If you want to watch a good sci-fi movie with a good story buy Dark City, but please don't torture yourself with Judge Dredd.
0767830520|5.0|This is Scorsese at his best.  not only do we geta genuine look at New York City but we also get into the psyche of a strange and intricate man. DeNiro plays a somewhat psychotic taxi driver who is out to change the  city.  His life is very passive.  He works all day, watches television, is  unsuccesful with the ladies, and does not talk much.  After seeing a hooker  on a street, that he belives is being harmed, he proceeds to arm himself,  get in shape and prepare for battle.  He wants to be a someone in a city of  nothings.  The greatest thing about this movie is that it is a little  ambigious on explaining DeNiro's motive.  We feel like he is going crazy,  yet it is all for a reason.  He wants to save the girl.  He kills a number  of people and then becomes the hero.  He is no longer passive.  He has made  a difference.      Scorsese has some great images in this film.  The final  scene where he adjusts his mirror does not mean anything, yet it stands out  as the most memorable moment in the whole movie.   This film shows why  Scorsese is regarded as one of the great autuers of today.
0790731479|5.0|A twist of rumplestiskin captured on film, starring michael keaton and geena davis in their prime.  Tim Burton's masterpiece, rumbles with absurdity, and is wonderfully paced to the point where there is not a dull  moment.
B00000GJ2B|5.0|This is Scorsese's finest moment.  A poetic work that mixes the deeply personal story of a boxer with unbelievable directorial style.  The movie's fighting scene's are something to behold.  We get almost a dance sequence  of poetic movements and violence. There is also a religious underplay in  the movie (Scorsese is a devote catholic) which is shown through the final  boxing bout, where DeNiro is 'crucified' on the ropes.      Aside from the  black and white photography and expert use of the camera, the movie's real  focus is not boxing, but masculinity.  LaMotta feels somewhat inadequate  sexuallly and as a man.  He has to constantly prove that he can fight and  be a 'contender.'  He is violent and a bad husband because he is constantly  beating himself up.  He struggles with the notion that his girl finds  another boxer attractive.  His response is mauling him in the boxing ring  so that he is not a 'pretty boy' anymore.      Another conflict exists  between LaMotta and his brother, who is played brilliantly by Joe Pesci. La  Motta suspects and eventually accuses him of sleeping with his wife. By the  end of the movie he is a pathetic performer.  A man who is now paid to  provide cheap laughs.  A man who was never knocked down by one of the  greatest boxers in history.  He is alone and decreped.  Overweight and  driven to a life of sleazery by his own paranoia and narcoticism.  Scorsese  is showing us that it is LaMotta, and not other people, who keeps fighting  himself.      This movie is a touching and brutal look at a fighter.  It is  a hallmark movie in terms of its style and film work, but more improtantly  it shows us the tragic fate of a man not being able to come to terms with  his own worth and manhood.
0684833395|4.0|Not my favorite novel of all time (hard for a woman to appreciate male bonding and glorified prostitution), but certainly worthy-in it's originality, wit, and cleverness-of the classic status it has acheived.  Unnecessary for Heller to drive home the point of Catch-22 quite so  repetitively throughout the novel, but Yossarian finally escapes it's  spiral in the end.
0792838084|1.0|This movie is about coming of age and the loss of innocence. It deals with the dark and sunny side of life.  Kyle MacLachlan is very pure by the beginning of the film but at the end is corrupted or grown up.  He has to  take over and be man because his father is sick. Lynch contrasts the  blue-eyed Sandie with the dark Rossellini character.      This ideology is  great. We get a contrast between the innocent and the corrupt. Blue Velvet  is a coming of age story, that deals with a fantastic and surreal world.  Some of the sequences are truly memorable, especially the one involving  Dean Stockwell singing.     In the end, however, the film is a complete  failure.  There is no plot and teh characters are not at all interesting.   We are given twisted images of sex adn violence but nothing is explained.   This is a very cold and meaningless piece of work.  Lynch is rebelling  against the conventions of film making but through his poor plot and  meaningless characters also alienates us the viewer.
6305603847|5.0|the wall is one of the best movies i have ever seen. it contains some of the most dramatic cinematography i have ever seen.
0140177396|4.0|Not much more can be said about John Steinbeck's novel 'Of Mice and Men',that hasn't already been said.  The book portrays the classic struggle to achieve the American Dream, and while watching 'American Beauty' I found  numerous parallels to 'Of Mice and Men'.  The main characters in both of  these works struggle with the status quo, and end up dying because they are  unable to conform.  'American Beauty', in my opinion, is a modern day  'Of  Mice and Men', showing the confusion and strife of middle class,  white-collar life, instead of the struggle of the lower class, blue collar  life portrayed in Steinbeck's novel.  The industrialization and growth of  the middle class since the baby-boomers of the 50's has brought our country  towards a more suburban life.  However, we constantly thrive to be more  than we actually are, as reflected in American Beauty.  A family tries to  live at a higher than possible standard, and ends up falling apart.  While  Steinbeck's novel reflects the opposite, the underpriveleged class trying  to live at a simple level, both works are the same story, told at different  times and with different circumstances.  The two works present us with a  common theme: the limits of society. As hard as it is to accept, there are  some things which we just cannot achieve.
6303327982|1.0|I've puzzled over &quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; for a longtime trying to make sense of it.  Is it a satire on violence?  Is it acomment on the social attitudes toward violence?  Who knows?  Who cares?<br />I can hardly believe that Quentin Tarantino wrote such an awful screeenplay, considering that I generally like his work. Perhaps it's the fault of Oliver Stone, fresh from having scored a huge miss with the bloated, incredibly poor &quot;JFK&quot;.<br />This movie is simply unwatchable, a God-awful mess.  It is unclever and takes itself too seriously to be satire, so it must be social commentary.  Unfortunately, there are other movies which do a better job of making the point that this film tries to deliver, so it really doesn't break any new ground.  &quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; falls flat as either a satire or a message film.<br />The plot is thin, the premise is stupid, and the acting is marginal.  Fortunately, Woody Harrelson and Juliette Lewis should be able rise above what has to be one of the worst career choices they've ever made.  Kinda makes you wonder whether this is the movie that put Robert Downey Jr. over the edge.<br />The bottom line is that &quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; is a motion picture without a mission other than the glorification of gratuitous violence which has been done, and done better, by other films. I originally had my review entitled &quot;Second Worst Film of the 90's&quot;, but after careful reflection I have to say that my initial choice for worst film of the 90's, the overhyped and hackneyed &quot;Titanic&quot;, is better by comparison.
0380973464|2.0|If your idea of fun does not include a free-wheeling discussion of mathematical topics with your math professor, don't buy this book. You will run into many of those in this book. Each discussion lasts several pages. I  give Neal Stephenson for his smooth handling of all the materials in the  book. I'll give him another one for mentioning in his acknowledgements that  he wrote this book for military techno geeks. At least he warned me (and he  sure wasn't kidding!).      This novel has two major faults. The first one  is the excessively detailed discussions of mathematical topics, computer  software, and information technology. Each of those discussions make my  eyes glaze over after the first few pages! The second flaw in this book is  that this novel would have been magnificent if he would have toned down the  details enough so people wouldn't fall asleep during each of the  &quot;fascinating discussions&quot;. It would have been better than  &quot;Snow Crash&quot;. Neal Stephenson missed a great opportunity here.
630518299X|5.0|Nobody will ever accuse the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences of having common sense or good taste.  I'm still scratching my head trying to figure out why this film was beat out by &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot;,  and why Jim Carey, who turned in the best performance of his career in  &quot;The Truman Show&quot;, wasn't even nominated for best actor.<br />The  plot of this movie is simple enough-Jim Carey plays a young man whose  entire life has been entertainment for the rest of the world.  He dares to  reach beyond the giant bubble which is his universe to see what's out  there, only to be foiled.  <br />Of particular note is the scene toward the  end of the film where Truman reaches the end of the dome shaped studio and  is told by Christoph (Ed Harris) about his world.  This stands out as one  of the most magical scenes in an extraordinary motion picture.<br />I realize  that this movie isn't for everyone (my wife, for one, didn't particularly  like it), but Carey's performance alone justifies the purchase of this  video.  He displays a vulnerability and childlike fascination that is  unlike anything I've ever seen.  A very good supporting cast includes the  shamefully overlooked Ed Harris, as well as Laura Linney.<br />&quot;The  Truman Show&quot; is one of the most brilliant and overlooked motion  pictures ever made.  The ersatz &quot;Ed TV&quot;, which followed a similar  plot, doesn't begin to approach the craftsmanship of &quot;The Truman  Show&quot;.  Hopefully, the Academy will make up for their slight of Jim  Carey with &quot;Man on the Moon, which appears to be his second acting  tour de force.
079284209X|5.0|This is a first rate movie in that it doesn't try to wow the viewer with the biggest explosions, the most erotic sex scenes, and employ the latest Hollywood hunk.  It makes do with a great story line and some of the best  action sequences I have ever scene.  <br />The car chases are the best I have  ever seen in that they have people racing at extremely high speeds (they  really are going over 100mph, the film isn't speeded up)in what looks like  a real Paris city street during normal traffic.  The most interesting thing  however is that they use European only models that you don't see in the  U.S. (example, the Audi S8, Citroen XM, Peugeot 406, Renault  Safrane).<br />All in all, a nice change in film making compared to the latest  out from Hollywood, and a must see.
6305075468|4.0|I want to refer to some of the other people who wrote reviews for this: While I realize that the music is part of the movie, it is NOT the focal point!  It is the visual stimuli that the movie gives off.  There is a  movie coming out in 2000 that is a takeoff of this, I reccommend the movie  for halloween parties and to get frightened. Josh
B00000JPHG|3.0|When I was told of it's sequel I was stunned! Another Child's play movie? It sounded to good to be true. But when I actually saw the film I laughed. A very good comedy, it is, let down by a very weak plotline...One wonders  how it's follow up Seed of Chucky will fair out. Then again, time will  tell, we all hope
B00000JPH5|5.0|I think that Labyrinth is an excellent movie. I have loved this movie ever since I was a child. I am so glad that it is being re-released. I can not wait!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Being a huge Metallica has influenced me in my review, but if you hate their music you are not going to buy it anyhow. Let me start by focalizing on Metallica: S&amp;M has excellent collection of songs. One might say it  is a *best of* colaberation. And eventhough S&amp;M is live, Metallica  performed magnificently on it. Every fan of theirs should own it just  because of that. Now don't be intimidated by the orchestra. They don't  ruin, overwhelm or drown-out Metallica's music. The two styles of music  blend well together. It is like they were meant to be together. Have you  ever listened to a song and think there was a little something extra that  could be added to make it perfect? Well now you have heard perfection.   Some songs may not be to the liking of all, but I beleive every Metallica  fan will love this. Finally, if you have any doughts, ask your friend (he  has a copy of S&amp;M) to play *For Whom The Bell Tolls* for you. It will  get you pumped up!
B000023VR6|2.0|The music on this CD is lame.  The beats almost totally rely on one piano key being repeatedly pressed over and over again.  A child could &quot;create&quot; beats like this.  Hey, where's my 2 year old cousin at?  Let's make a cd...
B000002N2Z|5.0|This is hardcore at it's finest. Nevermind the poseurs like limp bizkit and all the others- the deftones are tremendous.
0064400557|5.0|Wilbur is the pig and Charlotte is the spider. Charlotte and Wilbur have a good taste of friendship and I know they will always be friends. I liked every part of the book and I hope you like it too. Please order Charlotte's Web.
B000000WHH|5.0|I grew up with this album and for a while i thought this album was a greatest hits because all the songs are amazing. karma chamelion is prob the best known culture club song in the world but the rest WOW!  the other  hits like church of the poison mind ( helen terrys voice on this will send  shivers down and up your spine) miss me blind the other less known single  is just soooooo dancable. and the heart stopping victims just goes beyond  music and takes you to the dark side of your soul. the other chilling song  is thats the way(i am only trying to help) which is garanteed to make me  weep and weep. the other songs the fantatic stormkeeper withits japaneese  undertones is just soo good. the other two song are really good especially  black money, i must admit that although it is very good mister man is my  least fav on this album but put it on anyone elses album and it would be a  standout track. miss this album at your pearl really it is that good no c.d  collection should be without it.
B000002HRE|3.0|Okay, for everyone comparing this album to Master of Puppets, you're right, it's worse.  But then again, over the course of 13 years every band changes (if they can even last that long, congrats to Metallica for  surviving).  If you want to make more comparisons, here's a few for you:  Led Zeppelin IV to &quot;Houses of the Holy&quot;, Guns N Roses'   &quot;Appetite for Destruction&quot; to &quot;Use Your Illusion I&quot;,  Megadeth's &quot;Peace Sells...&quot; to &quot;Risk.&quot;  In all of these  comparisons, the second album is a big change from the first, but not  necessarily a terrible album.  Same thing goes with Metallica.  And for  those morons knocking Kirk Hammett, you obviously aren't guitar players, or  you would realize how hard using a wah pedal during a long solo is.  I  haven't heard a someone use wah this as good as Hammett since Eric Clapton.   Besides, Kirk can still rip out his older solos as well (obviously when he  plays songs like Master of Puppets and One live).  All in all, this album  is worth buying to get started as a Metallica fan.  Otherwise, only buy if  you're looking for something new, or borrow it from someone.
6305609691|5.0|I've seen this movie at least 10 times, but never has it looked this good.  The colors are extremely rich and vibrant.  The Choppers sounds at the beginning are now a showoff piece for my 5.1 system.
188736823X|5.0|OKay, so you may have read this book and you want to buy it.  Why the Limited?  Well, Ray Bradbury signed it for one, Peter Crowther signed it.  There are 7 pages of photocopied manuscript notes with handwritten changes  so you can see the thought process of the author.  See the artwork both by  Bradbury and Joe Mugnaini.  Oh and if it wasn't mentionned before it's one  heck of a story!  Go for the limited!
6304913176|1.0|This movie is too adult for children, and too juvenile for adults
B00000K0E5|5.0|It is one my best 5 movies I have ever seen... Really nice Dvd format including a lot of nice things. Don't think it - just buy it.
0945001185|1.0|I cannot read, write, or speak German, so I am at a serious disadvantage when trying to evaluate Hitler's writing or speaking ability.  Assuming, however, that the English translation is accurate, I cannot see how this  maniacal idiot could have captivated otherwise intelligent and industrious  people.  I guess the Great Depression did strange things to people.  I knew  someone who escaped from Germany in the 1930's, and I asked him once,  &quot;What did Hitler say in those speeches that had everyone  transfixed?&quot;  His response:  &quot;Nothing at all, if you thought  about 15 minutes later.&quot;
B00001ZWTT|5.0|I don't really know why some people didn't like this film... I have seen it in cinema and I bought the DVD at the release date. Even if you don't like the film , the music is exellent and the DVD has a lot of good  things... The price is so low. Buy it and I am sure that you will enjoy it.  Will Smith is one of my bests and the video soundrack is really good.
B000002UAI|5.0|The Beatles going Country/Folk/Rock.  Great albam my favorite out of the early era. Songs like No Reply, Im a Loser, Baby's in Black, 8 Days a Week, I don't want to Spoil the Party, and What your Doing to me...are great  songs.  A must get albam if you like music
B00000J7J4|5.0|Well, all artists evolve, but some do it with style. The songs on the CD are all typical Santana style, but with a &quot;modern&quot; twist, so it makes you really wonder about what is it that you're listening to, but you  will surely be enjoying every second of every track. My two favorites are  &quot;el farol&quot; charged with emotions, and the duo with Mr.Clapton  &quot;the calling&quot;, a masterpiece.....
B000000IUX|4.0|YOU LIKE COUNTRY MUSIC AND NEIL YOUNG?YOU HAVE ALMOST ALL NEIL YOUNG'C.D.?THIS IS ALMOST A BOOTLEG ALBUM BECAUSE  NOBODY EVER HEARD ABOUT IT!
0671027344|4.0|I found this book to be interesting and pleasant to read, but not quite worth five stars. I enjoyed reading about Charlie's escapades and (sometimes) found his constant crying amusing. The Perks of Being a  Wallflower deals with the everyday and not-so-everyday problems a teenager  may face, such as relationships, drugs and alcohol, sex and pregnancy,  love, homosexuality, life in a dysfunctional family, psychiatric problems,  sexual sbuse, and death (both accidental and suicide). Since Charlie deals  with all of these things in the span of about a year, he should be  considered an extreme exaggeration of a teen. Most of us don't face all of  these things in an entire lifetime. But, Charlie does offer insights on  solutions to these problems, ofter creative ones. They make you think about  your own problems in a creative way.   The Perks Of Being a Wallflower  is well written. Stephen Chbosky does a good job writing as a teenager,  although sometimes it seems he gets slightly offtrack and makes Charlie  seem younger, and other times makes him seem more wise than he should at  16. Perhaps Chbosky did so on purpose, to show the ups and downs of  Charlie's mentality. He makes the characters interesting; they could be  someone you know, yet none of them (except maybe Bob and Alice) are static.    I think this book would mainly appeal to &quot;generation X&quot;or  someone belonging to the &quot;MTV generation&quot;. While I would  recommend this book, I don't think oler folks would particularly enjoy it  as much as teenagers or ages near that.
B00000K19E|5.0|I cant say it enough...This is with out a doubt the best movie thats ever been done. The Wachowski brothers sure knew what they did...Its a possible future, that the world starts over and the machines will take over  the planet. I do rekomend it...
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This album was absolutely amazing...there just aren't any good enough words to describe it. There are no &quot;weak&quot; songs on the album, sooner or later, all of the songs are going to dominate your heart. The  most romantic, ballad-type song was &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot;, but  there are other songs that are just as good. It's amazing how they can  change their music to fit in so perfectly with the image they're going for.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|After buying the Affirmation CD this weekend primarilly for the top hit &quot;I knew&quot;, I was pleasantly surprised by an array of awesome compositons and incredibly impactful lyrics.  I am not a Savage Garden  groupie but is there some religious or spiritual emphaisis on this album?   I seem to think that there is, really inspiring music.. Great Work!
6300214826|3.0|While not quite as intense as &quot;Full Metal Jacket&quot;, and not as realistic as &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot;, &quot;Apocalypse Now&quot; is a great look into not only the Vietnam war, but the filmmaking of  Scorescese.  It deals with the stardard struggles, &quot;why are we  fighting?&quot;  &quot;What are we fighting for&quot;, etc. Good movie.
B000006YMP|5.0|Agnetha Faltskog, formerly of the famed Swedish pop group, ABBA, gives her all and all on this, her first solo effort after the group's disbanding in 83'.  One thing I can say:  I think Agnetha has a much better voice than  Frida.  Her voice is so sexy at times some of the tracks like  &quot;Stay,&quot; the lovely ballad &quot;Wrap Your Arms Around Me,&quot;   and &quot;I Wish Tonight Could Last Forever&quot;  truly demonstrate this  chilling effect.  If you like ABBA, or are curious about either of the  girls' solo work, you've got to buy this one.  It's well worth your money.
0425170349|2.0|OK, so I haven't read all the nearly 1000 reviews, but in the first 100 or so, I saw nothing about this, so I'll make my point.  So, there's a big international conspiracy involving bio-war with several key incidents  around the world connected to a horrific genocidal plan aimed at  drastically (perhaps cataclysmically?) re-ordering world power, and all of  it is stopped at the last minute by a series of heroic actions by the stars  of the story.  Along the way, there is maybe a cheap shot attack on the  hero's wife and children, and even a top level traitor inside the White  House.  Have we seen a plot like this anywhere before?<br />I was anxious to  read this book after Debt of Honor and Executive Orders, but was  disappointed to find that the above plot line fits both Executive Orders  and Rainbow Six almost perfectly.  The similarities between the books could  be even greater, though since it has been over two years since I read EO, I  can't point out more.  While I realize that sometimes it is necessary for  an author to re-use a plot device, I didn't expect such a fullscale copycat  job from Clancy.  I only gave the book 2 stars because of the way Clancy  can tell a story, but I'll be very disappointed if the next book is the  same as the last two.
B000002L7G|5.0|I grew up listening to this album.  We got it when I was 3 and i can still remember listening to it in the car with my dad.  Great road music, or music to work by.  Money for Nothin' is a hyped up song but it is great,  and this band is anything but hyped up. Buy it, you'll more than likely  enjoy it.
0375707972|5.0|For the first part of &quot;The Reader&quot; I was totally engrossed by the powerful tale of passion so eloquently expressed by Mr. Schlink. As the plot unfolded the writing appealed less to the emotions but more to the  intellect as the author dealt with the complexities of the German postwar  conscience. A tribute to the power of this work is the fact that I finished  the book over 2 months ago and yet I still think about it regularly and  still feel the passion between the characters as if I myself had been part  of their story
B000002O5L|5.0|I grew up listening to this music, this is probably the first album i even heard. And it's one of the best I've ever heard. Buy it!
0767817478|4.0|The biggest problem with this film is the hopelesslyinappropriate title.  As anyone who knows the Japanese classic willtell you, this movie has nothing to do with Godzilla.  The creature involved seems a bizarre hybrid of a velociraptor and a T-Rex.  It certainly has an identity problem, since it's apparently asexual and can't even decide how big it is.  <br />Regardless, this is a very enjoyable film to watch.  Most of the damage done to the Big Apple is caused by the military.  For most of the movie, the most secure being in the city WAS Godzilla, because they were shooting AT him. Everyone and everything else was in serious trouble.<br />Matt Broderick does a competent job by not taking his character too seriously.  Jean Reno is absolutely delightful as a French insurance investigator, nee secret service agent, hot on the trail of our overgrown lizard.<br />Picking out problems with this film is like shooting fish in a barrell; it's full of them and they're fairly obvious.  Nonetheless, Godzilla is fun to watch and provides an entertaining diversion for an afternoon or evening.  If you want a classic, go watch Shakespeare.  If you want a few shivers, a few more chuckles and a lot of fun, take a peek at Godzilla.
0684867621|3.0|This book was a refreshing alternative to King's usual horror story habits, and I'm glad to see that he's trying out new styles and genres. However, I was not all too enthralled with TGWLTG. It was well-written,  descriptive, original and cute, but it lacked any interesting plot twists.  I enjoyed it, but at times I was anxious for something different to happen  and whenever I felt like something was going to take place, nothing ever  did. Tricia McFarland was a sweetie-and-a-half, however, I was anything but  impressed with this book as a work of literature.
0064440346|5.0|This book is a timeless classic.  There are five stories featuring the adorable Owl. The stories are simple and cute.  Little kids will feel good about themselves as they read it on their own, and adults will be touched  by the pure sweetness.  If you like Winnie the Pooh, you'll love this book.
0786880708|5.0|While reading the book I felt that Jon Kabat-Zinn knew me personally and that he was speaking of me and to me. I practice this and Yoga now, and to speak frankly this has saved my life. My life is much calmer as am I. I  still deal with things in my mind...BUT, I am dealing with things now that  have haunted me  for over 40 years. This book explains life and what is  important. I wish I could give everyone this book and that they could read  and understand themselves. This is better education than the masters I  hold. I wish that this was taught in school. It has truely changed my life.
B00000DFSK|5.0|For the casual fan, this CD is quintessential U2. It has all the songs a casual fan could want (except for those songs after 1990--with the exception of 1998's awesome single &quot;Sweetest Thing&quot;--thrown in as  a bonus). It also has a hidden track &quot;October&quot; to make up 15  solid tracks that are worth every penny. The sound quality is great; and  for diehards, the Limited Edition CD is a better investment because it  features a CD of hard-to-find B-Sides for only a few dollars more. Either  one is a sound investment.
B00000K2SC|4.0|Despite the inevitable violence and occaisional language that define today's box office hits, The Matrix is a great movie. The well written script, highly allegorical story line, and excellent cinematography offer  the viewer a rich experience during the movie and much to think about  afterwards. The storyline is multi-level and multi-faceted, and bears  seeing more than once to appreciate the full effect.
0553213105|5.0|THIS IS A WONDERFUL LOVE STORY THAT HAS EVER BEEN WRITTEN.  JANE AUSTEN SUCCESSFULLY DESCRIBED EACH PERSON'S HUMANITY.  THE FIVE SISTERS OF BENNET REALLY PULL OUT A LOT OF INTERESTING SCENES IN THIS BOOK.  AFTER READING  THIS, I FEEL LOVE CAN REALLY PULL TOGETHER THE DISTANCE BETWEEN EACH  PERSON, AND AS LONG AS WE HAVE LOVE IN OUR MIND, THERE IS NO PROBLEM THAT  IS UNSOLVABLE.  WE SHOULD GO BACK AND READ THIS BOOK EVERY COUPLE YEARS,  BECAUSE EACH TIME WE READ, WE WILL HAVE DIFFERENT FEELING. AND THE MORE WE  READ, WE WILL DISCOVER MORE NEW MEANINGS FROM THIS BOOK.
0385484518|5.0|What could define a book like this, truly magical writing with inspiration that comes right from                 the heart, the love that you feel, the things that you are afraid of , life as a whole comes right                  infront of you. ' Everyone should love each other or die' though rude  but has ture meaning. You                 can enjoy the taste of life and  death with the professor who tell you what living and hapiness is                  even dying. To die is to live again. Bravo A must buy.
0553213105|5.0|THIS IS A WONDERFUL LOVE STORY THAT HAS EVER BEEN WRITTEN.  JANE AUSTEN SUCCESSFULLY DESCRIBED EACH PERSON'S HUMANITY.  THE FIVE SISTERS OF BENNET REALLY PULL OUT A LOT OF INTERESTING SCENES IN THIS BOOK.  AFTER READING  THIS, I FEEL LOVE CAN REALLY PULL TOGETHER THE DISTANCE BETWEEN EACH  PERSON, AND AS LONG AS WE HAVE LOVE IN OUR MIND, THERE IS NO PROBLEM THAT  IS UNSOLVABLE.  WE SHOULD GO BACK AND READ THIS BOOK EVERY COUPLE YEARS,  BECAUSE EACH TIME WE READ, WE WILL HAVE DIFFERENT FEELING. AND THE MORE WE  READ, WE WILL DISCOVER MORE NEW MEANINGS FROM THIS BOOK.
B00000DFTH|4.0|I've been a fan of Black Sabbath for a long time.  I've owned Paranoid 4 times.  I can play every note off of the first album.  I love these guys.  And if I had to pick one album for a friend to buy, this would be it.   It doesn't have all of their best stuff, (no Sympton of The Universe) and I  really don't like Dirty Women, and Ozzy jabbers a little too much.  So it  only get's 4 stars.   It does have the best version I've ever heard of  Electric Funeral ( my favorite Sabbath tune).  It doesn't have any of the  lame ballads that people have always tried to sell me.  It does have  a lot of their best stuff.
0385484518|5.0|I finally finished reading the book last night instead of watching the movie (I heard Oprah and Company took too many liberties regarding the story, hence I didn't watch it.  The book is always better than the movie).  It's a book that I had trouble putting down. Morrie Schwartz reminds you of  a mentor or teacher that gave you a reason for living life.  If we all take  heed to Morrie's teachings, the world would be a better place.
6305603847|5.0|How can I describe The Wall in a way that will want to make you experience this wonderful film? It has so many levels, you can watch it fifty times and each time you will discover something new. So many hidden meanings to  decipher and some of the best animation sequences i have ever seen. If you  have not seen this film then you have never experienced the true genius  that is Pink Floyd
0345377370|5.0|This book defined a genre. From the elegance of the language, to the betrayal and harsh brutality of the plot's finale, this novel set the standard against which all other espionage fiction of the Cold War would be  judged. Whatever the truth of the matter, Le Carre's fiction created a  world which is so real that subsequent spy novels departed from its  parameters at their peril.<br />The story at the heart of The Spy Who Came in  from the Cold implicates all sides in the struggle in a hypocritical  conspiriacy of betrayal and disloyalty. The message seems to be that no  good deed goes unpunished and that things certainly are not what they  seem.<br />A truely great book, with characters one cares for and a deftly  plotted story that both surprises and distresses the reader. The message of  the book is not a pleasant one, but then the reality of Cold War espionage  was not pleasant either.
0671449028|5.0|After reading all of the positive reviews here, I decided to order this book for my two year old son, who loves to read.  I must admit, I probably would never have picked it out, but my son absolutely loves it!  Everytime  we finish reading it, he says, &quot;Mommy, read again.&quot;  I recommend  it to anyone who has a little reader at home.
0393316041|5.0|Let me begin by saying this is an incredible book, one of my top ten by far, not taking itself too seriously while still being very inspiring. My father lent me a  this book from a previous printing, and it was so great  that I bought the book myself, the new book with the new design.<br />And  here's my complaint:<br />Speaking as a graphic designer, this book is so over  designed, over typset, over visually conceptualized that I found it  incredibly difficult to concentrate on the actual stories. The text on the  first page of every chapter is squished so tight that the line breaks after  every 6-8 words so your eye keeps zooming back and forth like you're  watching a tennis match, and the first page of every chapter is the most  important. It sets everything up. It builds an environment. Unfortunately,  the design of the book overpowers that environment.<br />So I have to say,  however impossible it might be, anyone considering buying this book should  look for an earlier printed version of it if they want the true Feynman.  The book was written in 1985 and should have a 1985 look to it. At the very  least, it should be readable. (Apologies to the designer. It's nice. Just  not appropriate.)
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Once again, Rage puts out another album that shows us how to rock.  Rock politically that is.  Many people do not quite get Rage's lyrics.  They see past what Zach De La Rocha is trying to get them to understand.  One must  understand Zach's feelings and motivations to fully grasp a Rage album.   This is certainly true on &quot;Battle of Los Angeles&quot;.  I would have  to say that my favorite song is &quot;Mic Check&quot; (song #4) because it  is very much Rage, and yet it is not.  The political statments are there,  and yet the song is very well done and original.  That can be said for most  of the songs on this album.  They are all well done, and some may not be in  the form the Rage fans are used to, but they are all good in their own  ways. If you like Rage, pick this album up.  If not, check out their  previous albums first, to get an idea of what they are all about.
0385484518|4.0|After seeing the movie, I like the book even more. It's a sweet story and touchy. The only thing I didn't like was the fact that while in this great last lesson of life, and the frequent discussions of subjects like death,  God wasn't mentioned once. It's human wisdom, and the conclusions are that  love always wins, and that to forgive every day is important. But still,  it's a great book and it brings redemption in focusing our lives back to  the real issues. One other book that I really liked and that deals with the  most important issues of life, this book does it from a spiritual  viewpoint, although remaining practical in its application, is Dietmar  Scherf's &quot;I Love Me: Avoiding and Overcoming Depression&quot; -- also  available at Amazon.com
B000002572|5.0|What can I say except this album has become an eternal legend of the greatest rock songs ever created!  I agree with all the positive reviewers.  All songs have been released like mega-hits!  This is not lousy gibberish trash, but exceptional fine work delivered by Tom Scholz and company.   &quot;Smokin'&quot; and &quot;Foreplay/Long Time&quot; really stand out as  pure hot and heavy rock and roll tracks. Make sure your stereo system can  crank the volume because you will love it LOUD!   Five Stars Plus in my  book!
B000002UVX|4.0|This is a New Year's Eve live recording Jimi did with his ad hoc group &quot;A Band of Gypsys.&quot; The songs are aren't nearly as good as the stuff that you'll find on Jimi's three studio albums, and the rhythm  section is nowhere near as good as the Experience was, but it showcases his  mighty guitar work and has a couple of gems (&quot;Machine Gun&quot; is an  awesome guitar workout). But although this is worth owning, it is not what  I would term a &quot;must-buy.&quot;
B00000768B|2.0|Listening to this you may be forgiven for marvelling how ABBA became as great as they did.  Even as a first album it's a dud, full of clodhopping songs with clumsy lyrics, and as such is fit only for the absolute fanatic.
B000002P5W|5.0|This album doesn't have as many classic tunes as ARE YOU EXPERIENCED? (What album does?) But taken on its own terms, Axis: Bold As Love is a wonderful record. Some of Jimi's best balladry is here (&quot;Little  Wing,&quot; &quot;Castles Made of Sand,&quot; &quot;One Rainy Wish&quot;  and &quot;Bold As Love.&quot;) And as usual, the guitar work is just  phenomenal (Castles Made of Sand, anyone?). There may be a couple of filler  tunes here (&quot;Little Miss Lover&quot; is a Foxey Lady copycat), but the  album is still awe-inspiring. Buy it.
0451191153|4.0|This novel is inevitably associated with whatever touches a chord deepest within each reader.  Ayn Rand carries her tale with such swaggering confidence that it is necessary either to agree with her or to disagree  with her.  Ignoring her is out of the question.  The novel had a deep  spiritual significance to me-- one Rand probably did not intend and might  have resented in light of her atheism.  I loved her characters-- a love she  would have despised.  I admire her book-- an admiration for which she would  not care.  Rand practices what she preaches-- a perfect egoism, and a total  disregard for anyone else's opinion.  If you are prepared to be snubbed,  read this book.  It is definitely worth reading.
B000002HPV|5.0|This is one of those rare recordings which I find almost hypnoticly alluring in its blend of Euro Techno beats with lyrics most often associated with cine-noire.
B00002SSRZ|5.0|Although I bought this to hear Oye Como Va, I was surprised to discover that the whole cd is great. Toussaint L'Overture made me want to dance just as hard as Oye Como Va.  Go and purchase this CD.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Over a year ago, I got their self-titled debut album and SG instantly became one of my favorite music artists!  Their new AFFIRMATION album is a beautiful sad album, about the gaining of love, the loss of love, and the  aspects of real life.  I LOVE all their songs, but some of my most  favorites are Affimation, I Knew I loved You, Crash and Burn, Chained to  You, The Animal Song, and Don't Know you Anymore.  Their songs really touch  my heart and soul with their lyrics giving true meanings.  Darren Hayes'  voice is beautiful and of course the construction of the music is  excellent!  This is an album (plus their other album) that I HIGHLY  RECOMMEND to everyone.  It gives you a meaning of love, life, and  friendship!  The one word I could describe this album... well, it's  BEAUTIFUL!
0684857820|2.0|I agree with the &quot;reader from New York.&quot;  I read Lucky a couple weeks ago, so it's not fresh in my mind, but the fact is, I really didn't learn much from it.  Sebold talks plenty about her own life and her family,  but the reader sees very little of her recovery process.  The book is  ultimately not so much about rape as it is about the author.  This is not a  bad thing in that it indicates that Sebold does not let the rape define  her, but I think the book would be a much stronger piece of work if the  author had made more of an effort to put her rape into a greater context  and provided more perspective.  Given that there are other memoirs by rape  survivors out there, Sebold just doesn't give us enough reason to read  hers.  Nancy Venable Raine and Patricia Weaver Francisco both do much  better.
0440178002|5.0|This book is one of my all-time favorites!  I read it for the first time almost twenty years ago and have re-read it many times since.  That's right!  I've read this book at least 4 times--its that good!  The  characters are extremely well written and the plot is spellbinding.  You  won't be able to put the book down. The politics of Japan in the 1600's  were extremely complex and Clavell captures this exquisitely.  The love  story between Anjin-san and the Lady Mariko is  a classic.  Really, I can't  recommend this book highly enough.  I thought that the mini-series was  extrememly well done.  Also, if you like this book, please read Clavell's  other efforts, Tai-Pan and Nobel House.  They are every bit as good.  James  Clavell was a master storyteller.
0440224764|5.0|I had heard of books that keep you up all night. Never had such an occurence taken place in my life. This a well thought out novel. I would love to see the movie. Antonio Banderas and Julie Roberts would make a  great team for this one!
B000002BVN|3.0|Over the years Michael Jackson has made a reputation of being one of the best artists in the music world. Everyone knows he is a perfectionist and strives for the best and ultimate goal. But I can't say that about this  album. Yes, the new tracks are good, excellent in some respects. The opener  &quot;Blood On The Dance Floor&quot; has a medium paced to fast beat that  is catchy btu are not strong as the openers in his other albums. Songs like  &quot;Don't Stop Till You Get Enough&quot;, Wanna Be Starting  Something&quot;, &quot;Bad&quot;, &quot;Jam&quot; and &quot;Scream&quot;  were great openers and really got the listener involved. This track  somewhat lacks that quality. Secondly there is &quot;Morphine&quot;, which  is very innovative. It sleekly blends two different styles of music into  one irresistable song. &quot;Superfly Sister&quot; is another poor attempt.  The song lacks beat and solely relies on rythm. The lyrics lacks the power  that Michael is renowned for. &quot;Ghosts&quot; on the other hand is one  of the albums best. The start is splendid and as soon the song gets to its  chorus you will be hypnotised by the music in the background and Michael's  Lyrics. It is an excellent combination of lyrics, beat and rythm. &quot;Is  It Scary&quot; is also a mediocre attempt at a song. It practically lacks  all the qualities Michael has established and shown the world he has. Now  lets get to the remixes. Michael has made the same mistake he did with  HISTORY. He mixed the old with the new. People don't want that. Most  Michael fans already have his old CD's. If you want to bring a CD of hits  bring it out separately. Anyway lets hope Michael Jackson's highly  anticipated comeback album is full of great hits and beats. May it  recapture the glory Michael deserves and has had. THE WORLD WILL SEE NEW  SINGERS AND PEOPLE BUT TAKE MY WORD NO ONE EVER WILL GO AAOOW!  LIKE  MICHAEL JACKSON!
B000021XS0|5.0|the first three albums were fantastic  the last was good as far as melody and content goes.  It wasn't as progressive but i like the fact that that they proved they could write anything from adult contemporary to 1-4-5  rock. Of course the new album is by far the heaviest, fastest, and most  techniquly demanding so far. The concept is of the rock opera  is great.   As far as the groups virtuosity as players that so many fellow dt fans talk  about is highly over rated.  They put together great ideas but they are not  the greatest players or even the greatest at putting together musical  thought. Fellow progressors who haven't heard of Shawn Lane  should check  him out.  He has a new album called the tri-tone fascination.  I don't know  if its available to the public yet but it is amazing. You should also check  out Helborg a cohort of his on bass.  Shawn is progression. Check out his  website and follow instructions to get his music cause its hard to get a  hold of.
B000002BVN|3.0|Over the years Michael Jackson has made a reputation of being one of the best artists in the music world. Everyone knows he is a perfectionist and strives for the best and ultimate goal. But I can't say that about this  album. Yes, the new tracks are good, excellent in some respects. The opener  &quot;Blood On The Dance Floor&quot; has a medium paced to fast beat that  is catchy btu are not strong as the openers in his other albums. Songs like  &quot;Don't Stop Till You Get Enough&quot;, Wanna Be Starting  Something&quot;, &quot;Bad&quot;, &quot;Jam&quot; and &quot;Scream&quot;  were great openers and really got the listener involved. This track  somewhat lacks that quality. Secondly there is &quot;Morphine&quot;, which  is very innovative. It sleekly blends two different styles of music into  one irresistable song. &quot;Superfly Sister&quot; is another poor attempt.  The song lacks beat and solely relies on rythm. The lyrics lacks the power  that Michael is renowned for. &quot;Ghosts&quot; on the other hand is one  of the albums best. The start is splendid and as soon the song gets to its  chorus you will be hypnotised by the music in the background and Michael's  Lyrics. It is an excellent combination of lyrics, beat and rythm. &quot;Is  It Scary&quot; is also a mediocre attempt at a song. It practically lacks  all the qualities Michael has established and shown the world he has. Now  lets get to the remixes. Michael has made the same mistake he did with  HISTORY. He mixed the old with the new. People don't want that. Most  Michael fans already have his old CD's. If you want to bring a CD of hits  bring it out separately. Anyway lets hope Michael Jackson's highly  anticipated comeback album is full of great hits and beats. May it  recapture the glory Michael deserves and has had. THE WORLD WILL SEE NEW  SINGERS AND PEOPLE BUT TAKE MY WORD NO ONE EVER WILL GO AAOOW!  LIKE  MICHAEL JACKSON!
0316234753|5.0|I have searched fara nd wide for this book thatis so memorable in my childhood.  Now an art teacher in a public high school, I think back to this fantastic book that helps art students of ALL ages (not just kids) master simple shapes that build to make fantastic drawings of animals with  real character! An &quot;anyone can do it&quot; how to draw book, one I am  happy to have again, as an adult!
B000002WUD|5.0|This is the best of Elvis fromthe 1970's.  Most people thinkElvis' best work was in the 50's.  I don't.  I think Elvisonly got better as he matured and his voice deepened, his confidence grew,and his stage presence was  unmatched. This box set has it all from beautiful ballads, to fast rockers,  to sexy blues, to inspirational songs that will give you chills.  Elvis  never got the credit he deserved and only today are people realizing what a  truly gifted performer he was and this album proves it. This 5 CD set is  worth every penny.  I guarantee you won't bedisappointed.
0688002307|5.0|If you open up to this book, it will change your life and make it much more fulfilling.  I first read it in my mid-teens, a time when many people are questioning and searching for what their existence means.   Since then,  I've read it over four times and as I change, I receive new insights into  my life along with Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance. Its a very  unique book in that the physical storyline parallels the metaphysical plot  and creates neural caonnections within your brain that allows one to do the  same with their lives. This book is so great, I believe ALL PEOPLE SHOULD  READ IT.
6303481272|4.0|As a anime title this is one of the finest examples of animation centering on the mystique of the ninja. Jubei is a masterless ninja who is hired for profit, however the intervention of several demons controlled by the shogun  of the dark make life very unpleasent for him. This film has quality  animation as well as good voice actors. Overall it makes a worthy addition  to any video collection. If this video appeals then it is recommended that  you look at the cyber city oedo 808 collection, which takes the concept of  the ninja lifestyle and places it in the context of the future.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|Wild, Wild, West is undoubtedly one of the year's worst films.  One of the factors that makes the movie so frustrating to watch is the fact that it is based on one of the most inventive and original shows I have had the  pleasure of seeing.  Inventiveness and originality are lacking in this mess  of a movie where the script is horrible, the one-liners stale and the  performances wooden(except Kenneth Branagh, whom you feel sorry for trying  so hard to be evil).<br />Will Smith is stripped of the charisma that is his  best selling point.  Kevin Kline, a talented actor is reduced to playing  second banana to an uninteresting hero and I have a hard time remembering  Salma Hayek is in the movie.<br />I didn't really expect it to be  &quot;good&quot;, but I at least expected it to entertain me, instead of  providing rest I didn't need.  What a waste!
B00000064G|5.0|Nick Drake's &quot;Pink Moon&quot; is a revelant today as it was two decades ago.  His lyrics and melodies are haunting.  The title track is now being featured in a VW TV ad.  Funny, how a virtually unknown artist, long  since dead, can have a small revival.<br />Vocally, Drake ranks right up there  with the best of them.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|Wild, Wild, West is undoubtedly one of the year's worst films.  One of the factors that makes the movie so frustrating to watch is the fact that it is based on one of the most inventive and original shows I have had the pleasure of seeing.  Inventiveness and originality are lacking in this mess  of a movie where the script is horrible, the one-liners stale and the  performances wooden(except Kenneth Branagh, whom you feel sorry for trying  so hard to be evil).<br />Will Smith is stripped of the charisma that is his  best selling point.  Kevin Kline, a talented actor is reduced to playing  second banana to an uninteresting hero and I have a hard time remembering  Salma Hayek is in the movie.<br />I didn't really expect it to be  &quot;good&quot;, but I at least expected it to entertain me, instead of  providing rest I didn't need.  What a waste!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica with the Michael Kamen and the Symphony has out done Metallica. This clever fusion will be remembered for years to come. The spectacular orchestration is complex and interesting. This is the best attempt of  merging the orchestra with rock. <br />I remember listening to Aerosmith's  &quot;Dream On&quot; backed by orchestra which was fabulous. After  Metallica's Nothing Else Matters on this CD with the orchestration, I can  say that the effect from Metallica and the Symphony is far superior.<br />This  superior sound comes because a great composition with great orchestration  makes a masterpiece. Metallica's composition ability is superior because  they are constantly pushing the envelope in Rock Music. The addition of the  orchestra is ingenious. This concert is more than a concert, it is a  journey into 2 explosive worlds. Rocking the world of Rock and  Classical<br />I think there should be more concerts like this. I would much  rather hear a clever fusion with orchestra symphony and rock band of Rock  and/or Classical Music over hearing a classical symphony or rock concert  independently.<br />I hope someday Metallica will agree to play Beethoven's  Fifth Symphony with Orchestra. This is what music is all about. Being  creative rather than hearing the same redundancy over and over again.<br />The  best performances include. Master of Puppets, Nothing Else Matters, No Leaf  Clover, Call of Ktulu, One, and For Whom the Bells Toll.<br />Even those who  have never heard of Metallica may also like this because Mr. Hatfield does  not screech as much. <br />I congratulate Metallica and Michael Kamen for  merging the 2 worlds of Rock and Classical. Now only if Metallica would  play Beethoven's Fifth with Michael Kamen that would be incredible. Rest  assure it will rock the classical world even though Beethoven would welcome  such an idea.<br />In fact if Beethoven, Mozart, Liszt and Hayden were alive  today they would be begging for Metallica to play their works with the  orchestra.<br />True Artisry is so rare in pure rock. In the 60s it was Led  Zepplin. In the 70's: Deep Purple. In the 80's: Van Halen. In the 90s it's  Metallica.
B00003003R|5.0|These cd's are by far better than any live album's ever.  I think they are better than the regular album's, because they give me a different version of the band.  Besides AXL ROSE, and SLASH have so much power live.  AND, I  think it's funny how the sales rank was around 5000 about 2 weeks ago, and  now it dropped.  FUNNY how the sales rank drops after more album's are  purchased.  Don't worry, buy this and enjoy probably the best music ever  written by any artist EVER!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica with the Michael Kamen and the Symphony has out done Metallica. This clever fusion will be remembered for years to come. The spectacular orchestration is complex and interesting. This is the best attempt of  merging the orchestra with rock. <br />I remember listening to Aerosmith's  &quot;Dream On&quot; backed by orchestra which was fabulous. After  Metallica's Nothing Else Matters on this CD with the orchestration, I can  say that the effect from Metallica and the Symphony is far superior.<br />This  superior sound comes because a great composition with great orchestration  makes a masterpiece. Metallica's composition ability is superior because  they are constantly pushing the envelope in Rock Music. The addition of the  orchestra is ingenious. This concert is more than a concert, it is a  journey into 2 explosive worlds. Rocking the world of Rock and  Classical<br />I think there should be more concerts like this. I would much  rather hear a clever fusion with orchestra symphony and rock band of Rock  and/or Classical Music over hearing a classical symphony or rock concert  independently.<br />I hope someday Metallica will agree to play Beethoven's  Fifth Symphony with Orchestra. This is what music is all about. Being  creative rather than hearing the same redundancy over and over again.<br />The  best performances include. Master of Puppets, Nothing Else Matters, No Leaf  Clover, Call of Ktulu, One, and For Whom the Bells Toll.<br />Even those who  have never heard of Metallica may also like this because Mr. Hatfield does  not screech as much. <br />I congratulate Metallica and Michael Kamen for  merging the 2 worlds of Rock and Classical. Now only if Metallica would  play Beethoven's Fifth with Michael Kamen that would be incredible. Rest  assure it will rock the classical world even though Beethoven would welcome  such an idea.<br />In fact if Beethoven, Mozart, Liszt and Hayden were alive  today they would be begging for Metallica to play their works with the  orchestra.<br />True Artisry is so rare in pure rock. In the 60s it was Led  Zepplin. In the 70's: Deep Purple. In the 80's: Van Halen. In the 90s it's  Metallica.
B000002BBY|2.0|What's with all these comparisons to The Beatles? Both bands are of British origin, but that is where any similarity ends. The Beatles' style included harmony &amp; background vocals, as well as a polished sound. Oasis features only lead vocals with no harmonizing or background vocals, and seems to be  going for a raunchier sound. Catchy tunes, but The Beatles?   NOT EVEN CLOSE!
0385493800|5.0|This book kept me on the edge! I wondered through the whole book how it was going to end, intrigued the whole way. I also appreciate how Grisham could portray a Christian character that seemed human. Maybe this will shed  a little light on what Christianity was meant to be, as opposed to what the  church has made it look like. I really hope they make a movie out of this  one!
B000002KKS|5.0|After the debacle of the final Ozzy year, Black Sabbath needed both a singer and an album to crush all pretenders to the throne; and found it in the Napoleon of hard rock . . .Ronnie James Dio. Dio brought both dangerous  heavy metal and a softer,more melodic edge to such tracks as &quot;Die  Young&quot;; &quot;Heaven and Hell&quot;; and &quot;Children of the  Sea&quot;. Sadly,this relationship was doomed what with all the clashing  egos and Dio had left by 1983. In my opinion,this is the best Black Sabbath  album yet made.
B000003B6J|5.0|This is an album that actually scared a nation.<br />I just want to note that this is one of the two or three most important and influential albums ever recorded. And everyone knows it. If you don't have it, buy it. <br />Nuff  said.
0679735259|3.0|Perhaps it's just personal taste, but I'm not really a fan of the stream-of-consciousness style of writing.  Unfortunately that's what you have here--gobs and gobs of disjointed and hallucinatory images jumbled  upon each page.  Of course, that may be the entire point of the book--to  characterized the Vietnam War itself as one unfocused, muddled mess.<br />The  message comes through loud and clear, it's just too bad that Herr's writing  style detracts from its impact.<br />If you like this book, try Chicknhawk--a  Chopper Pilot's take on Vietnam.
B000007T1M|2.0|The energy is there but they lack any musical dimension. When I first heard &quot;suggestions&quot; on the radio, I thought it was cool but that's about as good as the album gets. What you hear is what you get with  this band. They need to stay home and practice (especially that annoying  vocalist)then follow up with a more interesting second effort.
0553278398|5.0|Asimov is able to accurately and interestingly end with the beginning of one of the best sci-fi collections of all time.  Prelude to Foundation gives a stunning background to the future novels as it shows Seldon's  struggles to achieve a working psychohistory.  Twists at the end of the  novel are an added reward to reading this stellar book.
B000021XS0|5.0|Dream Theater is in their element when they write conceptual material and this work is no exception. I've been listening to it for a few days now and need to listen about 100 more times to take it all in because there is so  much going on. The good news is, the more you listen to it, the more you  like it. As you can tell by most of these reviews, it is an album well  worth buying. The only negative reviews I have seen seem to be by  frustrated, jealous musicians. Hats off to the two guys that produced this  monster and also to Eastwest-Elektra for letting these boys do their  creative &quot;thing&quot; uninhibited. Can't wait to see this show live!
1561002992|3.0|Once his portrait completed, Dorian Gray wished to stay young and handsome forever,on the other hand his picture would deteriorate with time . Since that moment our young Dorian starts to lead a life of sin...
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica's latest effort is definetely their best.  Though the band started to go downhill with Load, and reached the bottom with Re-Load, S&amp;M is a return to their earlier efforts, even better in some  instances.  The San Francisco Symphony compliments Metallica's sound  beautifully, even making the songs off of Re-Load sound good.  If you like  &quot;old&quot; Metallica, then buy this CD!
B0000025ZK|5.0|I just discovered this CD yesterday.  I was completely blown away.  Not a stinker on the album.  All Lovers Are Deranged and Blue Light rock!  I am glad I found this, since nothing has come from Floyd or Waters in over 5  years.  So, for me, this was like a new album.  :)
B000002UAU|5.0|Instead of talking about how influential this album has been, per request, I will simply rate the songs: Sgt Pepper - One of the greatest rock recordings of the era, With a Little Help From My Friends - One of the most irresistable and enjoyable songs ever, Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds - Pure  bliss, one of the top 5 recorded songs of the rock era, Getting Better -  One of McCartney's better tunes, Fixing a Hole - Excellent, She's Leaving  Home - Slow yet very, very nice, Mr. Kite - Bizarre yet a near masterpiece,  Within You Without You - Very slow and could put you to sleep but it's  still a great (Indian) recording (great lyrics), When I'm 64 - Old  fashioned but yet again pure bliss (one of the greatest recordings in music  history), Lovely Rita - highly entertaining, Good Morning - a bit comical  yet it still rocks, and finally A Day in the Life - don't even have to  explain.
B00001OH82|4.0|This is a great album for anyone that has the itch to hear Bowie belt one out for a change.  If you are a fan of Bowie, that does not necessarily mean that you will like Tin Machine but it is defiantly worth a go.
0345350499|3.0|I have to say that I did love this book. Normally 800 plus pages is too much for me, but I did nothing but read this book for about two days straight. What I didn't like about it was the way it characterized  Christianity. I can't tell you about church doctrine during King Arthur's  time, but I can tell you that there is a much higher respect for women now  than there is in this book. Also, the epilogue was really lame, touchy  feely stuff about how the goddess is inside us all. If she had ended at  Arthur's death it might have felt more complete then it did. In some ways,  this is a great book, but it is so obviously pushing an agenda that it is  hard to just enjoy the story.
B00003BE32|5.0|I do not consider myself a big fan of Metallica, not that I don't like them, but compared with the RABID Metallica fans, I am nowhere.  This video and the CD are really powerful.  The CD is good enough, but it is very well  complimented by seeing it all happen.  It was, I am sure a great concert to  attend.
B000002U9L|5.0|I saw the film when i was 5 and have been watching it since (approx 256 times)  Each song is as catchy as  wild head cold spreading round a school! You will just want to dance song and relive the film.  All my  fiends love DANCE MAGIC DANCE (ana mercer and michelle wren especially!)   We all know the words.  I dont intend to make you suddenly rush out and buy  it but if you enjoyed the film and thought the songs were hilariously funny  then buy this go on you know you want to IT IS FABULOUS! David bowie is fab  in both film and soundtrack and instead of the bog of eternal stensch it  should be the bulge of eternal length
6304493681|5.0|Really great show.  It really sets a mood, and although there isn't a ton of action, I prefer it that way.  The contrast between the quiet and the chase is really effective here.  Matoko's nudity seems a bit gratuitous at  times, with the way the camera seems to linger, and sometimes they seem to  try to cram too much speech into too short of a time (they cram about a  page's worth of philosophy into a REALLY long sentence), but those are the  only complaints I could come up with.  Fantastically paced, and utterly  cool.  Really unique and pretty soundtrack, too.
B0000025YM|2.0|I found this when I was searching for an album *by* the Defenders of the Faith -- an alternative blues band, NOT Judas Priest.  I had forgotten about this one.  Not a bad album if you're into that sort of stuff, but  most of us have outgrown it by now.
0671015206|5.0|PHENOMENAL BOOK, 99% TRUE AND ACCURATE. MY WIFE AND I BECAME WEALTHY USING THE SAME FORMULA (STARTED YEARS BEFORE THE BOOK WAS PUBLISHED, READING THE BOOK GAVE JOYOUS CONFIRMATION TO OUR CHOICES AND ACTIONS DURING THE SPARCE  YEARS. I AM RECOMMENDING THE BOOK TO ALL I KNOW. FYI, WE ARE NOW (12-7-99)  40 AND 35, MILLIONAIRES, AND NO LONGER NEED TO WORK ANOTHER DAY OF OUR  LIVES (ALTHOUGH WE STILL DO)! PS- RENTAL REAL ESTATE BEATS THE PULP OUT OF  ANY OTHER INVESTMENT INCLUDING STOCKS.
0440219078|5.0|This is a truly wonderful depiction of mankind attemping to preserve only the &quot;good&quot; characteristics of life.  Lowry clearly shows us the benefits of both worlds; in one world, suffering and happiness coexisted, in the other only &quot;happiness&quot; existed; in the former, life was  sometimes unfulfilling and stressful, in this world, life is predetermined  and stressfree.  However, as Lowry expertly shows, if we let go of the  &quot;bad&quot; things in life, the &quot;good&quot; things cease to have  as much value.  To Love without knowing what it is to Hate; to be Happy,  without knowing what Sadness is; in some way the value of our emotions is  lessened if we do not know what the opposite emotion feels like.  Lowry  helps us to see the many good things which exist in our world today...as  well as the necessity of some &quot;bad&quot; things.
B000002I27|5.0|I am frustrated a bit by the lack of notice the Doors get on the century's best.  I have developed a theory on this.  The Beatles and the Stones are all about cutesiness and good times.  The Doors were about this, but you  have to understand one thing.  The Doors were Dark, mysterious and even  freaky. People don't want to be challenged and scared.  They refuse to  explore the dark sole that exists in all of us. Love and fun are nice, but  their not what life is about.  You must be intelligent to like the Doors.   You must be willing to see the conflicting emotions in the soul.  The  Beatles are so easy to listen to and that's why they're considered as the  best of the century.  If you listen close to the Beatles, you will hear  shallow, flaky lyrics that don't even make sense.  The doors go into the  depths of mind, body and spirit.  An evil exists in all of us and this  album brings it out.  Thhe Doors aren't even in this century.  I guarantee  when the end is near for the world, the Doors music will be playing. The  true doors message isn't for years to come! Morrison will be  back!
0380973464|4.0|Yes, there are a few mistakes in this book. Nobody factors prime numbers for example (page 55), people usually prefer to split non prime numbers into their prime factors... Yes, the style is sometimes a bit irritating.  But, many gems can be found behind that dark cover.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I saw this movie with my boyfriend as a compromise, and I LOVED it!  Action packed with a unique storyline and FANTASTIC special effects!  I don't know why everyone complains about comp. anim. because it took this  movie to a whole new level...
0385474547|4.0|This book has a unique quality about it that is not found in many others.  It flows very well and I truly enjoyed every reference to tribal culture and customs that were made.  Achebe is able to make the reader understand  why certain customs come about and how they are not any more absurd than  any Judeo-Christian ones that we are so familiar with.  Although Okonkwo is  not necessarily a character that people will fall in love with, he is  definitely one that anyone can identify with in some way, and his story is  very moving.  Overall I thouroughly enjoyed this book and I would recomend  it to anyone looking for a light, quick, read with an entertaining and  thought provoking plot.
B000028U0Y|5.0|My attitude towards JC has changed substantially since I gave a negative review to &quot;16 Biggest Hits&quot; some time ago.  Either I have a better understanding of his music now, or I was in fear of receiving more  death threats via e-mail (get over it, guys, I still stand by it).<br />Anyway, this re-release is a fantastic piece of work.  The sound is so  crisp and clear, you'd think it was recorded more recently.  Cash's voice  is brought more to the front of the sound - it's not muddled like the  original release.  You can tell that both the performers and the audience  were having a great time.  It holds up very well.
0385484518|5.0|I am not ashamed now to say that i was in tears at the end of this book. It is heartwarming and will bring even the toughest of men to tears. I would like to personally thank Mitch for his excellent work, and am ready  to start the book over.
6305603847|5.0|The transfer on the DVD edition of Alan Parker's masterpiece, Pink Floyd:  The Wall, is amazing.  It has tons of great features and it has an amazing menu system.  The movie can be described as simply unforgetable.
B00000DBXL|5.0|Well all i can say is, how can people give this any less than 5 stars? It is such an awesome CD. My fave artists are Blink 182, Everclear, Matchbox 20, etc., and of course Cake. I bought this for &quot;Never There&quot; but  most of the other songs were actually better. Just buy it, okay?
B00002Z88D|4.0|This CD is one of the best Metallica CDs ever.  Too bad they didn't have more old Metallica songs like Fade to Black or Ride the Lightning on there, I would have loved to see them.  Also, for One, the orchestra TOTALLY took  the dark foreboding feeling away from the song.  That feeling made the song  come alive, and the orchestra wrecked it.  However, for Enter Sandman and  Master of Puppets, the orchestra made the songs come alive!    Especially loved Battery right at the end...... that'll get your blood  moving
6302814782|5.0|This is definitely one of my favorite vampire movies.  True, it doesn't stack up to Interview, but hey, Interview was made from a novel, and a very stunning novel at that.  The comparison isn't fair.  What strikes me the  most about The Lost Boys is the mood and atmosphere generated by the film.   The ocean wind, the crashing waves, mist gently swirling below the railroad  trestle, the eerie music integrated seamlessly into the scenes, the  simultaneous decadence and horror of the Boys' existence.  Michael  struggling with his own golden-eyed beast as the Boys ruthlessly tear apart  the beach party.  David, on top of the bluff, &quot;How far are you willing  to go?&quot;  Now, it's true that the humor can get a little old,  especially if the Coreys irritate you.  And it's true that there are a  few(only a few) painfully horrid lines uttered by said Coreys.  However,  Kiefer Sutherland more than makes up for it, and after you see the  shimmering blue-black ocean flying by beneath you and hear the swishing of  long coats and the demonic laughter that is uniquely David's, you may just  feel tempted to put on a dark coat and skulk around on your local carousel,  and you will almost certainly think twice before heading to the amusement  park after sundown...
B000000I37|5.0|This was the first techno cd I ever bought, and it still blows everything that has come since out of the water. &quot;Indo Silver Club&quot; is the most enjoyable dance song ever made. If you even like dance music a little,  you should own this album.
0385484518|2.0|OK, he's a decent writer and this is a heart-warming story, but enough is enough. Let's move on to something a little more interesting. This makes the &quot;Bridges of Madison County&quot; look deep.
1560689986|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies.  I am a big Monty Python fan anyway, so by me they can do no wrong. But I think this is certainly their best.  (&quot;Do you find anything funny about 'Biggus Dickus'?&quot;)  People who  call this movie blasphemous, come on.  It's just a light hearted and funny  movie.  I'm a Christian and I find nothing bad about this movie.  It's just  a spoof on the time in which Jesus lived.  I just want to say something to  the Judean People's Front. SPLITTERS!
B000006FH5|5.0|Chris Reeve is the definitive Superman, not to be missed by any Superman fan.  Saving Lois is one of the great moments in moviedom.  But let us not forget Margot Kidder, Gene Hackman, Glenn Ford, and Marlon Brando; their  portrayals are perfect.  Let us do forget young Clark's haircut.
0790729628|1.0|I don't get what all the fuss was about, this movie really wasn't worth the time spent on it - even in Director's Cut format.  As a fan of Cyberpunk novels (Neuromancer, Snow Crash, etc.), I have been told many  times that I should see this movie.  Now I have, and I must say I wish that  I hadn't.  Movies like Strange Days, The Matrix, or even 5th Element are  much better.
6304362498|1.0|Please don't waste the time or money on this junk.  The novel is such a masterpiece I nearly cried watching such a poor representation of it.
0792151712|2.0|I was told to see this by a girlfriend. It lost my interest after the Poker game(Thats early). I found Kate W. a totally unattractive woman, and just kept wondering if I was supposed to care about this suicidal loser (I  was, we all are). It goes on and on and on. The ending REALLY REALLY blew  chunks. I can't imagine anyone ever throwing a diamond into a pond let  alone what the old prune does in this chick flick.<br /> Why 2 stars, you may  ask? Well, when its sinking, its great special effects. People are spinning  all over the place. This movie has 7 minutes of entertainment value.
0395645662|5.0|This book is not for everyone as there are some dark and scary parts. The idea's are original, Jonas is a good main character and the ending is ambiguous which makes the reader think. A very interesting book.
0380973634|5.0|Neverwhere is a brilliant book. It is well-written, rich and full of atmosphere. There is a slightly sardonic edge to it, making for a blend of action, adventure, and fun. Neil Gaimen is truly a master, and has shown  his expertise clearly this title. The characters are wonderfully developed,  and full of life. It is whimsical, and also slightly dark, a perfect book  if you just want to slip away for a while into another world that you wish  was your own. If ever a book deserved applause, this is the one. Read it  now.
0425129586|5.0|This book is the best mystery novel ever written as well as the best mystery play. The suspense as we watch the Indian figures destoryed is nerve wracking. The characters are great and the final chapter is  breathtaking. An excellent fastepaced read.
B00000JZC4|4.0|I think most of the people giving this a bad review were either a)expecting NIN rehash or b)felt tricked into it a la The Goo Goo Dolls style single (boo-hoo . . .).  This is one of the best CD's I've bought in  a while, and I don't care what category it fits into.  This is not a one  single album, like so many others I could mention.  They actually put some  work into this.
0451450523|5.0|I love this book. The writing is beautiful and the plot is original and moves quickly. I like all the characters, even the bad ones and I love the songs. I think you should buy this book now.
630398021X|3.0|This film was way too dark for my tastes (literally and figuratively), and it was a waste of a perfectly good cast.  And there is one more thing that is bothering me.  Is is just me, or does Michael Wincott (the guy who plays  Juliet Lewis' boyfriend) always seem to be the bad guy in every other film  I see? I can name at least 5 other films I've seen him in where he is a  villain. Also, I am sick and tired of the future being portrayed as dark  and depressing.  Can't we have at least one movie that is semi-optimistic?  Overall, weird film,I couldn't imagine owning it.
B00000F1D3|5.0|I am an absolute die-hard fan of Chers....saw her in concert and it was great!   I think this CD is the best....one of her best!
6304595247|4.0|This is probably my favorite book of all time, so I'm very critical of the content of the film. I think that this version comes closest to the book in terms of characters and content.  Visually, it's very haunting, and I  really love the music they use throughout the tale.  While I do have some  problems with the casting (I didn't like Juliette Binoche), I really think  that this version did do the book justice. Really, though, I think that  'Wuthering Heights' was not meant to be placed within a 90 minute format.  Too much goes on for that. I think I'd rather see someone turn it into a  mini-series, so that viewers can get the full effect of the book.
B00000INEX|2.0|Despite other negative reviews, we bought this tape because our 14 mo. old LOVES Baby Einstein and Baby Mozart.  We're sorry we bought it.  Baby Bach has a similar format to the first 2 videos in the series but you would  think that someone entirely different created the video.  It is slow paced,  the toys are less vibrant and the music selections are less than energetic.   This would be more appropriate for very young babies to view before  bedtime.  However, my daughter, who will stare at most anything on the  television, completely ignored this video.  It would seem that the creators  sacrificed quality to get another video out quickly.  But never fear...Baby  Shakespeare is excellent!   If you have to make a choice...skip this one.   Otherwise, I'm sure it would help for the sake of having some variety.
B00001ZULV|3.0|Genesis is one of the bands that a two CD greatest hits would have been worthwhile making. it does have some of their hitmaking singles, but it leaves a whole load of charted singles off. where is &quot;Your Own Special Way&quot;#62, &quot;No Reply At All&quot;#29, &quot;Man On The  Corner&quot;#40, &quot;Paperlate&quot;#32, &quot;Illegal Alien&quot;#44,  &quot;Taking It All Too Hard&quot;#50 and &quot;Never A Time&quot;#21?  these were important songs that should have been included on the CD, but  were left off for stuff like &quot;Congo&quot;. the only plus side was  getting the 45 R.P.M. versions of some of the singles which were not  available on CD before. the reunion song with the &quot;original&quot;  lineup is OK, but i wish they would have put their minds together and come  up with a kick-a** original.
6303477259|5.0|It's hard to find words for what I experience when viewing this video.  My husband and I watched it for the first time together and afterwords we agreed we'd have to watch it again to be sure that what we saw was real. This may be a BIT exagerated - but not much!  The visuals on this film are  extaordinary!  The light show is amazing and so well choreographed! The  sound is SO good and the musical quality SO superb that I have actually  begun to PREFER many of the cuts to the studio versions!  I've fallen in  love with David Gilmore whose smile makes him look little boyish and sweet.   The newly added Floyd musicians look like they cannot BELIEVE who they are  on stage with and are having the time of their lives.  145 minutes of SHEER  bliss from the first note to the very last!  THREE SONGS for an encore -  you cannot believe it when it happens!  You imagine what you would have  thought being at this concert and even getting ONE encore song - when they  come out with THREE you are blown away - and they are lavishly done!  I  don't understand some of the reviewers saying that Gilmore seemed bored and  unhappy to be there - seems to me that he is either concentrating on the  current guitar lick or smiling at one of the other band members -trust me -  he smiles a LOT in this video.  I could go on and on but I won't.  Let me  just say that having already purchased  this video I will be one  of the first to put out more money the DAY this one comes out on DVD - as  soon as we heard that it was scheduled for release on DVD in early 2000 we  went out and bought a DVD player - THAT'S how much we loved this concert!   My ONLY regret is that I missed it live and it was only 2 hours away from  where I live!  SIGH... well THAT won't happen again. For someone who wasn't  sure she would like the Floyd without Roger - I have become one of their  biggest fans!  It also renewed my interest in the Division Bell which I had  previously not given much time to.  Now I am a devotee of that CD as well.   Ok - now buy it!  OR wait for the DVD!  Enjoy.
0767835107|5.0|Cruel Intentions is the best movie ever!  I mean, it has the best cast which includes total babes like Ryan Phillipe and Joshua Jackson and really talented actresses such as Sarah Michelle Gellar, Reese Witherspoon and  Selma Blair.  Not only that but the plot and storyline couldn't be better.  Every single minute if not second of the movie was fantastic and kept me  glued to the vcr for ages, and the music was just too good for words. I  mean, fat boy slim and placebo? They're like the best bands around!  The  movie was smart, funny and deliciously sexy and evil. I have 3 words to sum  up cruel intentions : Totally The Best!
B000002MFE|4.0|With formal ties to classic rock bands like Cream, Derek & The Dominoes, The Yardbirds and Blind Faith, Eric Clapton was a seasoned veteran of the business by the time he released his most thoughtful and lovely album to date. <br />Clapton debuted as a solo artist with much acclaim on a self titled 1970 Polydor release. He went on to release upwards of twenty more albums before he really came into his own. He dropped the drug addiction and stripped away the layers of sweat and hardness to expose his nerve endings on 1992's Unplugged. Recorded live, Unplugged featured fourteen lovingly sung, crafted, and expressed tracks ranging from the classic to the relatively new. The tracks surpassed anything that Clapton threw together in the 1980's. In fact, some would argue that he never sounded better. <br />I probably would be one of those people putting forth that argument. Although, let me say that I am in no way a fanatic of Clapton. Rather, I am a casual fan of all good rock music including that recorded in better times by Clapton and contained on Unplugged. <br />What most people remember specifically about this album is the divine \\"Tears in Heaven.\\" Originally recorded for the soundtrack to the film Rush, Clapton wrote the song in honor of his young son Conor who died following a freak accident (he fell from the window of Clapton's apartment). In an amazing stroke of pure genius, Clapton sang a live version for Unplugged. A classic was born with the stroke of a guitar. \\"Tears in Heaven\\" is undoubtedly one of the most perfect rock/blues tracks ever recorded. And, since it was done so out of true pain and loss that accomplishment seems more than just appropriate. It seems like the perfect punctuation to both this album and Clapton illustrious career. With this being such a lovely song, it only seems appropriate to include a verse... <BR>Would you hold my hand if I saw you in heaven? <BR>Would you help me stand if I saw you in heaven? <BR>I'll find my way through night and day, <br />'Cause I know I just can't stay here in heaven. <br />If that song were the only track of mention on \\"Unplugged\\" I would still own the album. Fortunately, many other wonderful things can be said. Clapton really does sound like a blues god on the second track \\"Before You Accuse Me\\". The live aspect that usually detracts from the overall sound quality of an album actually adds to the quaintness and perfection of \\"Unplugged\\". This particular track is simply played yet wonderfully executed. <br />Clapton's collaboration \\"Layla\\" sounds quite literally better than ever here. A usually emotionally raw and gutsy song is performed to perfection by an older and wiser Clapton. He sounds at peace with himself; both controlled and free flowing at the same time. If you are looking for the best version of this track ever recorded, look no further. \\"Unplugged\\" is the album for you. <br />I could talk endlessly about \\"Unplugged\\". I could tell you how great blues laden tracks like \\"Walkin' Blues\\", \\"One Love\\" and \\"Malted Milk\\" sound. I could repeat myself again and again by talking about how classic Clapton's voice and guitar are. Hell, I could even tell you to eject whatever CD you are listening to as you read because \\"Unplugged\\" deserves the slot that disc is taking up. So far as albums go \\"Unplugged\\" is one of the true, timeless classics to have been recorded and released in the 1990's. Clapton is a guitar master of seldom paralleled talent. \\"Unplugged\\" is the culmination of emotional angst and talent. <br />Keep these little factoids in mind. Unplugged sold an astounding seven million copies...a number almost unheard of in the world of live recordings. Even more impressive are Clapton's multiple Grammy wins for the truly amazing tracks contained on Unplugged. What was that? Multiple Grammy awards? Yup. In 1992, Clapton took away an armload full of the coveted award (six to be exact). His honors included: Record of the Year (\\"Tears in Heaven\\"), Album of the Year, BestMale Pop Performance (\\"Tears in Heaven\\"), Best Male Rock Vocal Performance, and Best Rock Song (\\"Layla\\"). But don't let the awards tell you everything about this album. They are empty if it were not for the divine quality of \\"Unplugged\\". <br />Drop what you're doing right now and head on over to your favorite CD store. Buy yourself a copy of one of the best albums in the last twenty years. Unplugged will not disappoint.
0812550706|5.0|Orson Scott Card's Ender's Game is the single best book ever written. Card orchestrates a magnificent world in which a young boy, ostricized by his peers, saves the world from destruction by bugs. With multiple plots and  sub-plots, and a very human character, and masterful writing, it is  impossible not to enjoy this book.
6301442962|5.0|I watch this movie every chance I get to see it during the holidays --- which isn't often enough. Yes, I love &quot;It's a wonderful life,&quot; but why is that shown 20 times to every one time I see &quot;Miracle on  34th Street?&quot; Natalie Wood and Maureen O'Hara are great -- and both  portray modern feminists for their time. But nothing can top the courtroom  scene when mounds of letters prove, in a lawyer-like coup, that Santa is  Santa after all.
B00000J2KR|3.0|The cinematography is the real star.  The atmosphere and costumes convincingly put the viewer into a completely different world.  But the plot was unmemorable for me.  So Redmond Barry was a morally corrupt  womanizer?  Big deal.  This movie is really just a nice vacation in a lush  countryside (a movie museum, if you will).
0780626478|5.0|I saw the previews for the movie and it looked like a really cute movie to watch, so I rented this movie and I simply enjoyed every second in that hour and a half (or so) sitting there. It's just one of those  cute-funny-sweet movies, that can provide good entertainment whenever in  need.
B000001IPL|5.0|Being a music expert I must say &quot; Smash &quot; is fantastic with music that will keep you listening until it's time to go back school or work or the unemployment office. Listening to this SMASH HIT  I've changed  my additude to punk rock.<br />Buy this  CD!   !
6305546789|5.0|I liked the fact that this movie, unlike many others in the series, was not gory or bloody.  It IS truly scary.  And this DVD is the main reason many people have bought players, for options.
B000001E8P|5.0|This album has everything you could want.  A million listenings would not be enough to get all the humor and dirt and sex that is in &quot;A Different Class.&quot;   This makes you want to put on spangled shoes and  be a rock star -- it is a huge, riotous, spooky, ambient, moody, loud CD.   It has the size of great glam-era Bowie but the maudlin smarts of the  Smiths.   Highly recommended for dancing on tables, drinking vodka, and  finding a too-young-for-you boyfriend.  Also suitable for driving a  convertible over flat, bare highways at night in a cowboy hat and sequined  hot pants.<br />(I think this album defies adjectives, so I am trying to  capture the big-ness of this fab album.)
B0000214F0|1.0|I was more than dissapointed about the poor quality of the DVD. The result of the digital transfer is only comparable to the european PAL video of the uncut film which was available 20 years ago. The Sound seems to be a bit  better than on the video, but resolution, sharpness and colours of the  picture are far below average DVD standard.
079073253X|4.0|3-and-a-half stars would be more accurate. A solid and entertaining film, but nothing that glows with artistic brilliance. Like many Barry Levinson films, it feels a bit too caught up in the fact that it has &quot;something  to say,&quot; and is too glossy to say it convincingly in any case. The  young actors are all quite good, but when we jump into the movie's  &quot;present,&quot; the portrayals become iffier. I like Jason Patric, but  he didn't feel like the same character to me. The two West Side boys looked  silly and out of place, particularly the blonde redhead. Brad Pitt was  surprisingly excellent, on the other hand; I really enjoyed his  performance, and I'm not usually much of a Brad Pitt fan. Hoffman was also  exquisite, as a greasy, mumbling lawyer. And De Niro is as good as one  would expect, maybe even better. Anyhow, it's no masterpiece, and probably  shouldn't be taken as seriously as it'd like to be taken, but it's an  enjoyable, relatively well-made movie all the same.
6305603847|5.0|Just got it in the mail today and have watched it 4 times already! This DVD was worth the wait!  It had a crisp picture, and the sound... WOW!  Plus all the little extra's like the Documentary and the music video were a  wonderful surprise. I can now lay my VHS version down for a much needed  rest. Well worth the money for All Floyd Fans!
B000006IUQ|4.0|If you're coming at this picture as a David Mamet fan, you may or may not find it rewarding. The usual themes, subtlety of character, and strange, slowly evolving tensions are all there. Hopkins and Baldwin are both quite  good, though the performances are slightly odd at times, and the looming  threat of the bear throughout the film, and the fact that it serves as a  symbolic and kinetic motif rather than a vehicle for a single action  sequence, is to the film's credit. I could've done without the mandatory  bear-meat minority character, though, and we all could've done without Elle  Macpherson as Hopkins' wife. Mamet's sensibilities and dialogue do come off  a bit awkward in this film, due to its setting. I like the script a great  deal, but there's no getting around the fact that it feels like the script  to a play rather than a wilderness movie. That juxtaposition could've been  interesting enough to be more wholly condoned, but the aesthetics seem a  tad clumsy at times. On the whole, this isn't exactly the dialogue-driven  masterpiece that something like, say, Glengarry Glen Ross was, but it's  still a solid, engaging film, full of those fun Mametesque character  tensions that make his work so rewarding to his fans. The action sequences  are well-handled and feel like a natural part of the film rather than  brainless stunt-work and eye-candy. The cinematography is breathtaking, but  it loses a LOT of its potency on video. This is one of those movies that  should really be seen, if given the option, in widescreen format on a big,  loud TV.
B000023VR6|5.0|I could go on and on about how &quot;Phat&quot; this cd is but my advice out there to the listners is to go pick it up, and tell a friend! The cd tells it all! Phat production all the way through!  DRE YOU DID IT AGAIN!  GOOD LOOKING OUT ON THE CD. WE'VE BEEN WAITING PATIENTLY. WEST SIDE FOE  LIFE! THE WEST IS BACK AGAIN! JAH BLESS ALL! DJ OO7 &quot;DON'T SLEEP&quot;
6303122876|4.0|When I saw this movie when I was little it scared the bejeezes outta me, hen i saw it when I was about 14, id like to buy hopefully on DVD. AMAZON.com get some sorta update email service!
0553213105|4.0|I must admit, I saw the mini-series before I read the book, but the book was still good.  Jane Austen is a wonderful storyteller.  The only problem I had was with some of the lengthy description in the book.
0515125024|3.0|This is an okay novel to read but it has a strange story. Some of the parts are cool but the story is like James Bond meets Bruce Willis. Some parts of the book  might confuse you. Like &quot;who's he?&quot;,  &quot;What happened?&quot;, and What is happening?&quot; But honestly, I  would recommend this book if you hate the government and you want to  destroy it. Because that is mostly what you here in this book. Like I said,  it has a strang story.
0374115370|3.0|I loved the lampooning Wolfe did of the 1980s New York society life. It's hard for someone like me to imagine going broke on one million dollars a year, but it appears that in New York high society, it's very possible. The  descriptions of the society matrons and trophy wives were hilarious -- that  was pretty much my favorite part of the book. Although I enjoyed most of  the character depiction, there were parts where the book really dragged. I  hate it when I have to force myself to read the whole chapter and not skip  pages because I'm afraid of missing something. All in all, a good book, but  the endless depictions of New York City life and surroundings were a little  much. In the end, I could have skipped not only pages, but whole chapters,  because the outcome was nothing out of the ordinary.
0515125024|3.0|This is an okay novel to read but it has a strange story. Some of the parts are cool but the story is like James Bond meets Bruce Willis. Some parts of the book  might confuse you. Like &quot;who's he?&quot;,  &quot;What happened?&quot;, and What is happening?&quot; But honestly, I  would recommend this book if you hate the government and you want to  destroy it. Because that is mostly what you here in this book. Like I said,  it has a strang story.
B000002LRX|4.0|Unfortunately, one of the most creative bands is no more.  Angel Dust summed up what made Faith No More such a great band.  From Land of Sunchine all the way to the Midnight Cowboy theme, this album epitomizes what rock  should have been.  Unfortunatley for the band many wanna be FNM fans didn't  like it because it is nothing like anything they did before.  (More  spefically, The Real Thing (TRT) which put them on the map).  Pattons  vocals are completely different than TRT which for a lot of fairweather  fans was simply too much to bear.  Many thought that FNM got a new lead  singer.  Angel Dust is a gleefull (Land of Sunshine) and often disturbing  (RV, Midlife Crisis, Malpractice) look into creativity.  No two songs sound  alike and yet they all have something in common.  To this day FNM is the  only metal band that has effectively used a keyboard player and made it  sound like it was supposed to be there.  Groovin bass lines, crunchy  guitars, Patton's usual craziness, one of the best drummers around an a  keyboardist that subtly enhances the music so well that the 200th time you  listen to it you STILL can't figgure out what it is they did to make it  look so easy.  This ablum is definately one of the best of the century in  it's genre.  Buy it, play it, learn from it, pass it on to someone close.   4 stars cause there is always room for improvement.
B00000DMJF|4.0|I was delighted the first time I heard this ablum.  It has so much to offer in textures, timbres, rhythms, and content.  It also has a unique presence to it.  Indeed, it was recorded in the summer and it even sounds  like it.   Outstanding tracks?  1) Dear Prudence;  2) Happiness is a Warm  Gun;  3) I'm So Tired;  4) Sexy Sadie;  5) Revoltion 1;  6) Cry Baby Cry.     If you enjoy musical diversity, you'll like The Beatles.  Thank you!
0446525537|4.0|I have been a big fan of Sparks since he wrote The Notebook. His books are well written and usually have a good story. However, all of his books basically have the same ending. If you have been a long fan of him you know  what I'm talking about. This book I thought was really good though. It was  a good Christmas story and helps with people who are dealing with death. It  really has many good messages. Everyone could probably relate to a girl  like Jamie. But if you like heart warming love stories this is a good book  for you. Keep a box of tissues handy.
B00001QEE9|4.0|I am giving this DVD a 4 for just coming out.  Disney DVD is the reason I am going DVD. (It was either that or Star Wars!)<br />Anyway, for those of you complaining about the lack of &quot;Widescreen&quot; on this and other  Disney DVDs, read the packaging. &quot;Pinocchio is presented in its  original theatrical aspect ratio, approximately 1:33:1.&quot;  Peter Pan  and 101 Dalmations also say this.  It is not a &quot;full screen/pan and  scan!&quot;  What they saw in the movies then just happens to almost fill  your TV screen now.  Just enjoy!
6302415993|5.0|This is one of the greatest films of all time. The movie captures the Rolling Stones at their best. Their live rendition of &quot;Satisfaction,&quot; from the Madison Square Garden is worth buying  the video alone. With a big screen TV and surround sound, you feel as if  you are transported back to 1969. Today is the 30 year anniversary of the  tragic Altamont concert. This movie captures the &quot;altered  reality&quot; feeling that night outside San Francisco. I can best describe  this movie as a real life horror film. It is truely powerful and moving.  Everyone should see this movie!
6301640659|1.0|Even though this film shows what may have been someone's reality, I feel it does too much harm to the overall Gay image. A film for sad people, though made very well and shows a part of NYC Gay life of that era.
0782008372|5.0|Brighter than the original and rereleased videos.  It is the absolute best. And, of course, it's my fave movie (for a variety of reasons), so I cannot be objective.
0792838297|5.0|I ordered this DVD and noticed that some of the soundtrack may be out of sync with the picture. However, I'm not sure if that's due to an inherent error in the disc or something wrong with my DVD player. I'm not sure.
B000023VR6|5.0|Dre's chronic 2001 has been long awaited for I bought the cd and have been bumping it ever since. Dre this is mick chocolates peolpe i am in the D.C. area. But dre and mm describes it better when they say you forgot about dre  and it was just a bunch of jiberish. the Dr's Back busting ear drums and  making the people bob their heads
B00001ODHL|5.0|It's great to see all the things we've been missing these past years of viewing AOD. The collectors 2 DVD set is perfect for those who love AOD or the entire Evil Dead series. Though I was disappointed with some of the  video quality during the restored scenes, the audio commentary explains  there appearance, and made me overlook it. Overall its a must for Evil Dead  and Sam Raimi or Bruce Campbell fans and completeists, and should fit  nicely in ANY film buffs collection.
B000002OR4|5.0|Williams does it once more by making the music of this movie deeply emotional and touching. The music just brings out the emotions on the jews face as they are hustled into the cattle cars and by listening you can  almost feel what they do. The music is great and it is really worth buying!
0800105877|5.0|Tony Richardson's production of Hamlet is perhaps too subtle for those used to more ostentatious renderings of the play, but do not let that discourage you from enjoying the depth and clarity of this fine stage/film  version, which reads very well on the television screen.<br /><br />Celebrated Nicol  Williamson plays an infinitely human and palpable Hamlet. There is no  bombast nor bloat to the intelligent tone and pithy rhythm of his soliloquies. Williamson is one of a handful of actors who can phrase the  complex *long bow* of Shakespeare's verse into the meaningful and memorable images that the author so ardently aimed. With Williamson (as with  Branaugh 25+ years later), this Hamlet's increasingly cynical dispair fuels his rage -- not the simpering *moral confusion* of more formalized drama school portrayals.<br /><br />Gordon Jackson, best known to American film buffs as THE GREAT ESCAPE's MacDonald (*Intelligence*), plays a wonderfully intimate and faithful Horatio -- indeed, here IS a true friend!<br /><br />Marianne Faithful is in her  element as Ophelia. And one can only wonder how Anthony Hopkins would play  Claudius today? He seems to overdraw his character in this 1969 stage to  film version - but then again, why wouldn't a King who breakfasted on baked fowl in bed have an overdrawn character? To save himself from tenderizing fair Rosencrantz and good Guildenstern for their fouled English mission?<br /><br />Let others scoff at the  humanity and subtlety of this performance. This lovely version [used to be] shown frequently on the BRAVO channel (when it was known *The Actor's Channel*) for good reason. The old VHS video is of terrible quality. The BRAVO channel version was the same as the current PAL-DVD release. One can only hope for an NTSC-DVD release but none looks in sight.
0790734516|5.0|Critics hate it, but I think it is great. Willis and Wayans made an excellent team. Marcone and Milo are excellent bad guys, and even the plot was excellent. Entertaining, funny, and I watch it over and over and know  it by heart. Can't beat that. The &quot;It just happened&quot; quote from  Willis was a classic along with Die Hard's &quot;Yippy-Kye-a&quot;
6305558167|5.0|Since I first saw this film at 11 years of age in 1980, I have been enthralled with it.  I've owned the VHS version for years and have watched it many many times.  The DVD version is masterful.  Boorman's  Cinematography is expansive, impressive, and soulful.  The soundtrack could  not have been arranged better.  The actors deliver both subtle and  over-the-top performances that are simply unmatched--every character is  well developed and well written.  Most fantasy films are terribly made,  usually B-Grade or worse.  This film is unsurpassed to date as far as this  particular legend is concerned.
B000002H33|5.0|Master of Puppets is really a great album, also sadly, one of thelast, with the exception of ...And Justice for All.  Every song onthis album is great.&quot;Battery&quot; starts off with a calm, mellow, acoustic solo. 30 seconds later it explodes into a great thrash song. &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; , the title track, has to be one of the best songs Metallica has ever written, it uses clever symbolism to disguise a song about drug use, with a great melodic solo section in the middle. &quot;The Thing That Should Not Be&quot; is a cool song, it has a very dark sound to it. It's based on a lovecraft novel. &quot;Welcome Home(Sanitarium)&quot; is a great,dark sounding ballad, about insane asylums. &quot;Disposable Heroes&quot; is about the horrors of war, (a great song too) &quot;Leper Messiah&quot; is pretty cool too...but it could have been better.  &quot;Orion&quot; is a great instrumental piece, one of Cliff Burton's trademarks. (also played at his funeral) and the album ends with &quot;Damage,Inc&quot; ...a perfect way to end an album. The song starts off with some slow, harmonic guitars, and explodes into one of the fastest songs they have ever done. This is really a great album, if you're a fan of metal, pick it up...you'll like it.
0671027344|4.0|This is a really good book. I know a lot of people compare it to Catcher in the Rye(which they shouldn't do, it stands on its own) but I actually liked it better. A lot of people also say that Charlie didn't act like a  real high school kid. Well, gee, and how should he act then? I guess they  think that all high school kids act the same.Charlies problem was that he  was different. If he had been some beer guzzling jock then there wouldn't  have been much of a story, somehow I don't think he would have been quite  so alienated. I don't think the author was trying so much to write a story  of a standered teenager as was just wanting to tell us about Charlie. I  liked Charlies character a lot but I don't think he was meant to be perfect  or anything so I don't get all annoyed that he was actually sensitive  enough to cry a lot. Like people characters in books have both weaknesses  and strengths and the author doesn't try to make Charlie into a perfect  person.This is one of the best books that I have read this year.
6302732875|5.0|I can still remember seeing this movie at the theater and being blown away by all of the performances.  Alec Baldwin turns in his most intense performance to date (even though it is only eight minutes long) and it is  our first real chance to see Spacey show off his acting chops.  Al Pacino  is great as the smug, successful member of the group and Ed Harris is  awesome (and hilarious) as the hot-head.  Even though there is little  action and it is tough to define its appeal to someone who has not seen it,  I still watch it on a regular basis and enjoy it every time.  Watch it soon  if you are in the mood to see some great performances.
B000003BEV|5.0|Oh wow. This is kind of odd isn't it? Not bad, just different. No, I don't think its at all like Seargent Pepper which is an album I hate with a hatred unimaginable. I agree with those out there who say its more like  Piper at the Gates of Dawn. Well. Its hard to compare it with the other  Stones albums, I mean god, its like from outer space.I have trouble seeing  Jagger singing Shes a Rainbow. Really though, I do like it,though in a  different way than,say,Exile on Main Street. The beginning, Sing this Song  All Together is a pretty cool song even if the lyrics are kind of silly and  I still can't believe thats Jagger singing. Anyway its one of those  hippie,we are all one type of songs. Citadel is one of the best songs on  the album and I can actually see Jagger singing it. In Another Land is also  a pretty cool song though Bill Wymans voice is kind of flat but the lyrics  are neat.2000 man is another song I can see Jagger singing.Its also a  pretty good song. Then we have a reprise thats kind of wild and  experimental and messy. Shes a Rainbow is a lovely song, I just have  trouble seeing Jagger singing it on stage. Its still a really nice song  with innocent, childlike lyrics. The Lantern is one of my favorite songs on  the album. Its about a guy whos dying and his dead wife comes to him so  they can be together forever in death. Gomper is alright but its hard to   remember that its the Stones.200 light years From Home is the best song on  the album. Its a really great song with a neat spacey sound and good  lyrics. On With the Show is kind of funny and is a nice ending to the  album. The Stones may have been trying to copy Sergeant Pepper(Why they  would want to is a mystery to me)but they far surpassed it and I think this  is a pretty good album though it is so different from their other albums.
6305603847|5.0|I just received my DVD today and have spent 2 hours just looking at the features. It's great!  I like the option to show the lyrics to the songs, and the commentary. The menus are wonderful. Simply put: Just Amazing! I  recommend this to any Floyd fan, hands down.
B000002TYX|1.0|Sadly enough, the Beatles were never as good as The Rolling Stones. They just never reached their heights in excellence.The majority of the songs recorded by the Beatles were silly and childesh. The Beatles are one of the  most overrated bands in history. Their finished albums are not even very  good so how could their bloopers be any better? This is a dull album from  one of the worst bands in all history.
0446364495|4.0|this book brought tears to my eyes when i realized that we should not take people for granted whom we love. francescas great sacrifice to not follow her heart and the man that she loved was for her family and even though it  was for a great cause she was the one that ended up affected because she  had a little ritual every year after the death of robert kincaid. its a  great story that will bring you to tears as you enjoy a four day love that  lasted to her death. i recommend this book if you like romantic novels  especially heart breaking one's.
B000007O9L|5.0|Oh man, this is such a good album. One of their best in years. I hope they do another one soon just like it.
B0000399WI|2.0|VERY long, well made TV movie of the week kind-a-film.  There's a whole lot to recommend this film, it's well acted, well shot, and the basic story is fine.  Problem is, it cannot escape being just another prison-film.  It  uses EVERY cliche' in the book.
B000002UB3|1.0|Ok so now we have the Beatles swan song.First off is Come Together which is your typical Lennon song of the period.Not much to say about it, its not really too interesting. Next is Something which is an ok song,kind of  pretty but nothing special. Next we have a horrible song by McCartney  called Maxwells silver Hammer. This songs bad even for the Beatles. Its  like your typical Paul McCartney broadway type of thing except that instead  of being about his sheepdog Martha its about a guy who goes around killing  people with his hammer. I guess its suppose to be a funny song. Ha ha.  Anyway,it is one of the stupidest songs ever recorded. Next comes Oh Darlin  which is an ok song sung nicely by McCartney but nothing too great. Then we  have Ringo Starr doing another version of Yellow Submarine except this time  hes in an octupus' garden. Its charming but thats all. Then I Want You(Shes  So Heavy) which is Lennon singing the title over and over again for about  an hour.The tune isn't too interesting so it makes for a pretty dull song.  Next is Here Comes the Sun which is actually listenable, Harrison  thankfully had stopped playing the sitar by this point. Next is Because  which sounds like any other Beatle song and its one of those Lennon  &quot;Let me expand your mind&quot; songs. You Never Give Me Your Money is  actually a pretty good song. Sun King is a waste of tape, Mean Mr. Mustard  and Polythene Pam are almost as stupid as Maxwells Silver Hammer.She Came  in Through the Bathroom Window is an alright song. Golden Slumbers and You  Got to Carry that Weight are beautiful, The end is a nice finish but then  you have McCartney doing Her Majesty which was utterly useless.
B000001E18|5.0|When this album debuted in 1993, it truly rocked my world. I had never heard anything like it. I had never really listened to U2 before, so Zooropa was a stunning introduction to one of the most original bands on  the rock scene. I am biased, okay? From the opening &quot;notes&quot; (for  lack of a better phrase) of the title track, the listener is introduced to  a unique world of love, money, religion, and fashion. Standouts are  &quot;Babyface&quot;, &quot;Lemon&quot;, &quot;Stay (Faraway, So  Close)&quot;, &quot;The First Time&quot;, and &quot;The Wanderer&quot;.  Bono's voice is like velvet and the instrumentation is fresh and unlike  anything heard before from U2. I find it amazing that the band could  produce such a complex album almost fifteen years into their career (when  other bands are sitting on their laurels and waiting poolside for their  royalty checks) and in the middle of the tornado that was the Zoo TV tour.  U2 is not one of those bands that whine to VH1's &quot;Where Are They  Now?&quot; about how grunge killed their record sales. They kept the music  fresh and people still listened. I find it unfortunate that this album is  so often overlooked (U2 failed to play any of the Zooropa material when I  saw them in Houston in 1997). It is worth a second listen.
B000002UAF|1.0|The Beatles had one formula and boy, they sure stuck with it. A Hard Days Night is a fun song to listen to. As usual, its nothing really great but its fun. I Should Have Known Better gets on my nerves tremendously, but  then, so does the majority of their music. Actually, theres really not much  to say about this album. I agree with the reviews that said it sounds the  same so theres really no use for me to talk about each song. All in all,  its a pretty dull album and if you want to hear good music from the early  sixties then listen to the Stones instead.At least their early stuff was  always Interesting.
6304683960|5.0|The energy; the talent, and the humor are all on this video.  Relax, take it easy...let Styx take you back to Paradise!  This is a better value than the Styx parody that is on the road currently with the Brave New World tour  (where you can hear Grand Illusion, Come Sail Away, etc. butchered).  This  is a QUALITY show on tape to view at your leisure.  Have fun!  You'll love  it!
B000002UAC|1.0|I don't know whats worse, early Beatles or late Beatles. All of these songs are so trite and silly its easy to see that the Beatles were the Hansons and the Backstreet Boys of their generation. I think early Beatles  is actually worse, what with that hideous &quot;yeah,yeah,yeah&quot; and  those laughable suits. This album is a decent early 60s sort of thing but  theres really not a memorable song on it and I just bet if it wasn't the  Beatles then no one would be playing it today.By the way, if you want a  version of the song Money that isn't quite so slick sounding then get the  Stones Fazed Cookies album.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I believe you must somehow have the experience of hearing a song and feel that it touches your soul. Sarah McLachlan's Mirrorball is by far the most excellent work of art. I love the title &quot;Adia&quot;, &quot;I love  you&quot; and &quot;Do what you have to do&quot; the best. The piano, the  vocal and the wide sound is perfectly blended. The best way to listen to  this Cd is to play it outloud when you drivea alone on the highway. Maybe  you'll also shiver like me when you hear part of yourself in her voice.
B000002UA9|1.0|The only good thing about this album is that they hadn't became pretentious show offs yet. As always with the Beatles the songs are much too slick and make for good elevator music. The only good thing that this  album did was that it made it easier for other great British rock bands  like the Stones to get accepted in the states. If you want to hear a decent  dubut album listen to The Rolling Stones first album. At least they put  some heart in their music.
B000021YCI|5.0|&quot;Deguello&quot; doubtless is ZZ Top's masterpiece; a definitive record that perfectly wedded their blues aesthetic to their hillbilly-rock roots. Long before the band became an MTV favorite with a brand, spankin'  new, watered down, processed guitar sound that became synonymous with the  early '80s (just like &quot;Miami Vice&quot; and blow), Billy Gibbons and  the boys turned in this &quot;freak power&quot; collection that kicked off  with Soul classic &quot;I Thank You,&quot; rolled effortlessly to white  trash anthem &quot;I'm Bad, I'm Nationwide,&quot; and completed with the  trippy, disturbing blues lament, &quot;Esther Be The One.&quot; Around the  middle of the journey through this fine album, the band even walks a  psychedelic line for the sadly forgotten &quot;Manic Mechanic,&quot; which  one will likely never hear during any classic rock dinosaur's &quot;rock  block weekend.&quot; Not even during two-fer Tuesday. And it's a god damned  shame. If you own no other ZZ Top record, buy this one and let it make a  man of you. Ya big sissy.
B000000W5B|5.0|This is defiantly one of the Stones most underrated albums. I think its a damn good album and has some of their best songs on it. Ok, so its no Sympathy For the Devil but I like Dancing With Mr. D.&quot;Will it be  poison, I put in my glass. Will it go slow, or will it go fast.&quot; 100  years ago is one of their best with some of Jaggers best lyrics &quot;Don't  you think, its sometimes wise not to grow up&quot; Coming Down Again is a  great song and so is Heartbreaker. Angie is the big hit and its really a  beautiful song but the best song on the album is Winter and thats one of  the greatest songs they ever recorded. Silver Train is fast and fun, its  one of their best. Hide Your Love is also a great song. The only song I  don't care much for is Can You Hear the Music. Star Star is a pretty good  song about groupies but its not really one of my favorites. All in all this  is not a bad album at all and people should give it a chance before they  gripe about it.
B000002897|5.0|It's really too bad that Screaming Trees were not bigger as their influence is now growing tremendously.  Mark Lanegan is putting out relatively mild, but still emotional solo albums.  And Josh Homme  (ex-Kyuss) learned quite a bit on tour with them as he formed Queens of the  Stone Age.  The influence can definitely be heard.  Sweet Oblivion to me is  one of those albums that can sweep away everything in your mind and make  you relax.  As the Beatles said &quot;turn off your mind, relax, and float  downstream.&quot;  A lot of influences here that really should not have  been grouped into grunge.  They put bits of country, psychedelic, hard  rock, folk, and even a bit of Dylan to make a remarkable mixture.  Mark  Lanegan is by far the most underrated singer of the 90's.  Nobody has come  close to his beautiful vocal tone.  Sure Chris Cornell can hit those high  notes, but Lanegan secures the bottom, a place often missing in most hard  rock and metal.  The most perfect part of this album is the balance of  songs and how they often build to all out craze....the musicianship is  fabulous.  The order of the songs is key to any album and this one does it  better than most.  A remarkable gem of an album that should be any every  rock collection.  I just wish there was more of it.  The follow up  &quot;Dust&quot; was good, but Sweet Oblivion was their peak.  I would also  have to say that the Singles soundtrack is a good place to start if you  want a taste of the many styles around in the early 90's and the influence  of them all, Hendrix, all on one great album.  Not to mention, one of the  only great Smashing Pumpkins songs.
0767800958|5.0|I saw the Tango Lesson and found it a genuine work of Art.  I recommend those who love good movies to watch this one. The Tango Lesson perhaps has a weak plot, but a film director isn't necessarily a story teller.  The  meta-narration which takes place in the Tango Lesson certainly makes this  movie an advanced art product, which has nothing to do with the telling of  actual occurrences, but rather focuses on the developing of Art itself in  the mind and life of an Artist.  In my opinion, one of the strong-points of  this film is that it allows us to peek into the director's head, and see  Art through her eyes  (I can assure it's quite a sight). Some may interpret  this film as an &quot;exercise in self-indulgence,&quot; but personally, I  think this approach misleading, in the age of the &quot;Self.&quot;  We're  talking Art here, and Sally Potter is the Artist.  Herself: no one else  should be the starting point and centre of her own movie.  The Lady knows  how to direct, act, dance and sing: why shouldn't she do all of the above?  I think she deserves much admiration: she's a well rounded Artist, and  there aren't many!  (Besides, as I've said already, to me the film is about  Art and Life before anything else: the director uses her own experience and  many skills to make a point and to get things done exactly how she wants  them, but the movie isn't &quot;about&quot; Sally Potter.) Now to the  point. The editing has character, it's intelligent, original, definitely  not a Hollywood product.  The photography is breathtaking - and eloquent:  it says &quot;the Tango Lesson is about Aesthetics, Beauty itself.&quot;  The acting is honest, fresh, and charming.  In my opinion, the acting is  superb: Sally Potter really knows what measure and elegance are.  The  soundtrack is exquisite.  The tango pieces are great, and so is the  leitmotiv of the movie: the seagull-like cry in the airport scene tears my  heart out every time I listen to it (it's also the one track that made me  decide to buy the CD). This film, someone said, has little to offer the  general public.  I'm afraid this is accurate.  Or rather, &quot;the general  public&quot; probably would have some difficulty in tacklig this art-movie,  which I don't believe was meant to give easy answers to difficult questions  (like so many other films) but to make people think. Nonetheless, seeing  this movie made me realise all over again that it's definitely worth  trying.that made me  decide to buy the CD). This film, someone said, has little to offer the  general public.  I'm afraid this is accurate.  Or rather, &quot;the general  public&quot; probably would have some difficulty in tacklig this art-movie,  which I don't believe was meant to give easy answers to difficult questions  (like so many other films) but to make people think. Nonetheless, seeing  this movie made me realise all over again that it's definitely worth  trying.
0782008372|1.0|Thanks to all the reviewers for their warnings on the poor quality of this DVD, hopefully the manufacturers will be shamed into re-releaseing it with this problem rectified.  I enjoyed the movie, it is still one of my  favorites, and I am also a fan of the TV series. I think it very poor that  such a classic should be treated this way. I for one will not be wasteing  my money on updating to what is supposed to be a superior format.
B000002H97|4.0|This is a heavy as hell album. But the songs get boring pretty fast but it is a great cd
B00000DGUG|4.0|This album is very good. I like almost every song. It doesn't bore me, I can listen to it as many times as I like. The new single:&quot;That I would be good&quot;, is simple but the lyrics say so much.
B00000255F|5.0|I did not get into the Boss until about a year ago.  I first purchased The River, while it is a great album, I did not know how much of a talent Springsteen really is.  Then I got Born to Run. Now I think he's one of the  greatest rock artists of the century.  His music has the power to touch  your soul!  Nothing on the radio now can come close to the power and beauty  of songs like Thunder Road, Born to Run, Jungleland, and everything else on  this album!  It is truly an incredible listening experience!  It never  fails to captivate me everytime I listen to it! It is well worth any amount  of money you pay for it!
0780020685|5.0|I can hardly decide what to say about this film.  I grew up fascinated by samurai, and I'd heard great things about The Seven Samurai.  I expected to appreciate but not really enjoy it.  Well, I was half-right.  The film is  beautiful, and underscores time and time again why Kurasawa is considered  the greatest Japanese filmmaker that ever lived.  But I loved this film.   The story is simple-- a small village is terrorized by bandits and hires  sevin ronin (masterless samurai) to defend them.  This simple story  (despite a few twists I won't tell you about) doesn't detract at all,  though: it allows Kurasawa to explore each character's (not just the  samurai) motivation and personality and to create tension.  What's even  more surprising, I laughed.  I had expected to laugh over bad translations  and poor dubbing, but it wasn't there.  What I did laugh at were, simply,  Kurasawa's intentional jokes-- &quot;I thought it was a mouse!&quot;   Though it was a rather long movie, I sat spellbound throughout it, and was  surprised it was over so quickly.  This film is reason enough to mourn  Kurasawa's death.
B0000062GK|5.0|\\"Crystal Planet\\" is not just the title for this album; it defines Satriani's homeland, and as intergalactic emissary, this is a gift from the race of superior alien musicians he personifies.  I can not praise  this album enough.<br /><br />\\"Crystal Planet\\" came to my attention last  summer while visiting my brother.  My brother plays guitar, so an essential  ingredient to any real music for him is a strong guitar player. As he drove  me to various places in New Orleans, he had \\"Crystal Planet\\"  playing in his car.  I got rushes listening to Satriani speaking a new  language with his fingers.  I had to have this album, though I had never  before in my life responded to an album dominated by a modern virtuoso  guitar player.  On the way home, I bought this CD and I've heard it too  many times to count.  What is so exciting is, this is my first Satriani CD,  so unlike his previous fans who've been buying his albums as he produces  them and currently find themselves stranded and hungry for a new release,  I've got a lot of catching up to do.  And what fun that's going to be.  My  goal is to own all of his CDs by next summer.  I've already taken the first  step, having acquired \\"Joe Satriani\\"(1995), which I also give  five stars.  Oh, the pleasures to come!<br /><br />\\"Crystal Planet\\":  There is literally nothing like it on earth.  And if you're thinking that  only a guitar player can enjoy an album like this, which is void of lyrics,  sung or spoken, think again: I myself am not a guitar player, and I've  enjoyed this album emensely.  It's an initiation for me into a whole new  world of music.  Though I acknowledge the genius of Jimi Hendrix, not being  a guitar player myself, I found that most of what Hendrix recorded was not  enjoyable to simply listen to.  Contrarily, every song on \\"Crystal  Planet\\" is at least good, while most of them are great, and some even  entice you to believe you've conferred with an alien, making it difficult  to resume normal life among mere terrestrials.<br /><br />Buy this CD, put it in  your player, ensconce yourself into the sweet seat in whatever room you do  your listening, and let it fly.  Accept Satriani's invitation to ride with  him via the blisteringly fast and needle sleek leads of the opening track,  \\"Up in the Sky.\\"  Keep in mind that this is just the start of a  trip into an aural black hole from which you will not want to escape.  One of my favorite songs for a pure sonic rush is \\"A Train of  Angels\\": Like for most of his music, the title somehow says it all.  By the time the final track, \\"Z. Z.'s Song,\\" comes around, you  take from the melody a satiated melancholy: It's time to go, now.  You know  what you have to do.  Spread the gospel: \\"Crystal Planet\\" is an  awesome accomplishment, and it's your mission to share the gift.als.     Buy this CD, put it in  your player, ensconce yourself into the sweet seat in whatever room you do  your listening, and let it fly.  Accept Satriani's invitation to ride with  him via the blisteringly fast and needle sleek leads of the opening track,  \\"Up in the Sky.\\"  Keep in mind that this is just the start of a  trip into an aural black hole from which you will not want to escape.   One of my favorite songs for a pure sonic rush is \\"A Train of  Angels\\": Like for most of his music, the title somehow says it all.   By the time the final track, \\"Z. Z.'s Song,\\" comes around, you  take from the melody a satiated melancholy: It's time to go, now.  You know  what you have to do.  Spread the gospel: \\"Crystal Planet\\" is an  awesome accomplishment, and it's your mission to share the gift.
B00000JMOJ|3.0|I can see changing a few minor details here and there to smooth out production and make the movie more digestible to the general public, but this is crossing the line.  They butchered the Running Man just like they  butchered Relic by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child.  They both have epic  plots and two of the best sets of characters I've ever seen.  Neither movie  stays true to the book...or even close.         The most frustrating  reality of it is that both movies would have been SO MUCH better had they  done so.  They say King(Bachman) novels don't translate to the screen?  How  will we ever know if hollywood continues to twist plots and butcher  storylines for a buck?       Don't get me wrong, this is a good movie,  almost really good.  But if you looking for the movie version of the  Bachman novel... well...<br />       ...there isn't one.  Sorry.
B000023VR6|4.0|I knew this album was going to be decent, but I was pleasantly surprised with how cool each track was.  Does it surpass the Chronic? No, but it comes damn close and should rise to be another hip-hop classic.   Outstanding performances by Snoop, Eminem, and Kurupt really brought the  album some good flavor.  And needless to say, the beats were off the chain  and barking.  I took a star away as some of the songs were a little weak  and Dre wasn't on lyrically for the whole album.  I still would recommend  the disc for your collection.
B00002DE0S|5.0|My wife and I had the marvelous opportunity to attend a performance of these pieces by Zimerman and the Polish Festival Orchestra at Salle Pleyel in Paris on October 17, 1999, the 150th anniversary of the composer's  death.  This recording, made is August of 1999, captures the emotional  intensity and commitment of the soloist and orchestra.  When the first  piano concerto was completed, an electric charge seemed to be released in  the concert hall as the entire audience rose from their seats and roared  their approval.  The second piano concerto was performed with the same  loving attention and passionate commitment and received a similar response  from the audience. You should be aware, however, that this is a longer and,  at times, more drawn out performance of both pieces (especially in the  middle movements), a condition that might not suit the tastes of all  listeners. With that warning, I can promise you an experience that comes  amazingly close to that achieved at Salle Pleyel that magical evening.
B00001U0DP|5.0|If you have yet to see this film....do it now!<br />It is probably the most touching movie I have ever seen in my entire life. <br />The italians sure know how to put genuine love onto film. <br />Roberto Benigni is fabulous and  you will just fall in love with him!  It is no wonder he won the Oscar last  year.  It should have gotten the Oscar for movie too!  It's a shame that it  didn't!  <br />Watch it and I bet you will feel the same!<br />Carol PS  Have  plenty of tissue on hand!
6300181553|5.0|FROM THE MUSIC TO THE STORY ITSELF NO HOLIDAY LIBRARY WOULD BE COMPLETE WITHOUT THIS CLASSIC.THE SCORE, THE CAST,THE SETS,EVERYTHING COMES TOGETHER SO MAGICALLY IN THIS MOVIE THAT YOU CANNOT HELP BUT FEEL THE HOLIDAY SPIRT  LIFT   YOU UP.MOVIES ARE NOT MADE CLOSE TO THIS CALIBER ANYMORE.
B00000IQMT|5.0|John Williams just amazes us again with this thrilling work of art. This great album is comparable with the other Star Wars albums, and in my opinion is the second best (next to Empire Strikes Back). The inspiring  theme Duel of the Fates is considered by many experts to be not only  Williams' most thrilling work, but one the best works for film score music  ever.
B00000J7S8|4.0|I heard this CD in local HMV and got blown away by her performance in &quot;Let's face the music and dance&quot;. &quot;Devil may care&quot; has all the emotion and attitude. I also like her style in &quot;Let's fall in  love&quot;. These are the songs I like most.<br />This is my first Krall and  Jazz album. I liked this one a lot until I get her earlier work &quot;All  for You&quot; which, in my opinion, is her best album to date. This should  be given 4.5 stars.
0440224764|4.0|The action continues and does not slow down until the FBI makes a final stop to the man who stole the firms money. $33,000,000 is  a whole lot of money for one guy to carry over his shoulders after stealing it cold.  After faking a death and leaving his wife, friends, and family behind and  stating a new life as a rich man, ex-lawyer deserves the worst of carma...
6305558167|4.0|I must say from the outset that &quot;Excalibur&quot; has never been one of my favourite movies. Though the visuals are undoubtedly spectacular, they are not enough, in my opinion, to offset the clunking script and Nigel  Terry's lack of charisma in the lead role. Also, after &quot;Monty Python  and the Holy Grail&quot; it's difficult to take any film about King Arthur  seriously. That said, this DVD is still well worth owning. Sound and  picture quality are both superb and it almost felt like I was viewing it  for the first time. Best of all, however, is John Boorman's leisurely  commentary. He obviously still holds the film close to his heart and his  discussion of it's prolonged gestation is both candid and illuminating.
B00000IOSU|2.0|I am not as fond of this album as I am of her studio albums. I find that some live albums can be self-indulgent, and unless you're a hardcore fan, they do nothing for you. And that's the case with this album.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This CD is AWESOME. Fiona Appla has been my absolute favorite artist since I heard her first song. I bought the CD Tidal and listened to it over and over, without ever getting sick of it. It was definitely worth the wait for  When The Pawn. Fiona Apple is such an amazing artist, and I love that she  doesn't worry about what people think of her. She has a ton of talent. I  love all 10 of the songs on this CD. I listen to it so much that I  memorized every word of every song without even realizing it. I can't pick  just one favorite song, but a few of my favorites are Limp, Paper Bag, Get  Gone, Fast As You Can, and Love Ridden. There's not one song I dislike in  any way. I don't know what else to say but this is an amazing CD...words  can't describe it.<br />DON'T WAIT --- BUY THIS GREAT CD !  OTHER'S DON'T  COMPARE
B000002NHN|2.0|I went to an outdoor concert where Loreena Mckennit was playing. It was a beautiful moonlit night, the stars were carpeting the sky, and HER DARN SONG WENT ON FOR EVER! I mean it was endless. Since then, I have no  patience for her music. (with all due respect with what seems to be fairly  appreciative fans . . .)
B000002H6C|5.0|This album is great, has great songwriting, but the sound quality is terrible.  I disagree with everone who says that they should re-record the album.  This album wouldn't be as classic and wwouldn't sound the same if  they recorded it again.  You can feel their pain in losing Burton in this  recording.  It's fine the way it is, and personally the shoddy recording  quality stays true in 'Tallica's no cares attitude.
B00002E233|5.0|It's a fun movie that takes many twist's and turns! But not in a scream fashion.  Like all Harlin movies, it paced very well.  So seat back and give it a chance without thinking too hard! You wont be dissapointed!
6305078181|5.0|Frank Langella was mesmerizing as the blood thirsty count Dracula.  He played the role to perfection.  Kate Nelligan as Lucy was just icing on the cake.  She and Langella lit up the screen!  The gothic, chilling  landscapes, brilliant perforances, and wonderful music score make this move  a MUST for all true Dracula fans!  Try it, you won't be disappointed!
0767805712|5.0|Like all sci fi films, GATTACA asks &quot;what if?&quot; The answer can be startling. The most thought provoking film in years asks and poses many questions on the dawn of the coming age of genetics. The beauty of this  film is it is a very thought provoking film. It makes you think, &quot;if  the gene that holds the characteristic of homosexuality can be identified,  will parents opt to abort the unborn baby with the hopes of a heterosexual  child being conceived next?&quot; <br />Besides all of the socio-political  elements in the film, GATTACA is beautifully photographed and the film  score is even more beautiful.<br />GATTACA is well worth the purchase. It is a  film that can be viewed over and over. My only criticism of the film is  that of the relationship of the two brothers needed a little more  deveoping. But still a great film.
0385484518|1.0|The touchy-feelies out there are going to think I am simply out of step, but all I can see in this book is a set of sophomoric platitudes with no real meaning. There was a comedian who used to do a routine about his  grandfather who called the youth to the dying old man's bedside.   &quot;Remember this,&quot; the old man whispered in the youth's ear,  &quot;a wet bird never flies at night.&quot;  &quot;I never understood  it,&quot; the comedian said, &quot;but I never forgot it.&quot; And so it  is with Morrie and Mitch.  Call me insensitive and non-spiritual, whatever  that means, but I've read better stuff with more genuine emotions.
0780625129|5.0|This is a very important film that really makes you think. Although this film has some very disturbing images, I just wanna say that they were there for a special purpose. If the images were not in the film, I think the film  wouldn't have that great of an imapact on people as it really did. The  directing as great and the acting was exellent. I really do think Edward  Norton should have won for best actor instead of that illiterate dork,  Roberto whatever. His preformace really did stand out of the rest of the  nominies. The film is a very powerful film about todays racism. I think  this film did an exeptional job with portaying that. I believe Edward  Norton is a great actor and only good thing will come to him. This film is  a must see!
B000002HMH|5.0|This album is not alternative.  It's loud, and a tad over-produced, but i'd really like to see any alternative band write and play music like this.  You can't name one.  First, 38 year old James Hetfield isn't gonna write  like &quot;the angriest kid in the world&quot; as he was once known.  I'd  probably laugh at them if they were still writing music for FANS.  They  write what they like, and they write what makes a good song.  They admit  &quot;we're in this for ourselves,&quot; and you have to respect this  dramatic left turn.  They didn't sell out, al the people who don't respect  THEM sold out.
0783233477|5.0|Meet Joe Black teaches you what love and death are.  What would it be like if DEATH took a holiday?  This film shows you what could happen.  Death falls in love while sparing a 64-year old CEO his life for a few days  before his big 65th birthday.  This film is an emotional roller coaster  ride which keeps you hanging and wondering what will happen next.  It is  one of the few films that is like reading a great novel.  Critics shunned  this film when it was released as they did with Wizard of Oz when it was  first released in 1939 and unforunately,Meet Joe Black was a box-office  failure and did not get nominated for any academy awards.  1998's best  picture was Shakespeare In Love which was good but not best picture worthy  to me.  If you like films similar to Harold and Maude or Gone With the Wind  please dont count out this one.  To me this film should have won best  picture of 1998 and beaten Titanic with 13 awards.  Brad Pit is charming.   Claire Forlaine is gorgeous.  Anthony Hopkins is outstanding.  Rent or buy  this film today.  You or your friends will not be disappointed.
0800187814|5.0|The acting in this movie was excellent. Courtney Love was the best!  This movie is very political, and can bring out some strong opinions from its' viewers about sex, censorship, religion, and drugs.I would not recommend  watching it with your parents, as there is a lot of nudity and sex   (obviously!) This movie hits home to what America is all about, and the  ending is actually very touching.This is my all-time favorite movie!
6304077955|5.0|There are few films which have a lasting effect on you after seeing them, and this one stays with you. I wouldn't label any film with an ability to change your life, for that's too lofty, but this film does approach such a  level. David Thewlis gave the main character such weight, I almost felt it  to be a documentary, and without the stylistic filters of shakey-handycam  movies, which are in prevalence in the avante-garde right now. That's  pretty impressive in my book. It's truly one of the great films of the  times. I hate to be an aesthetic dictator, but anyone who doesn't like this  film owns a numb life.
B000002H3E|5.0|I am a Dokken fan from Taiwan.&quot; Under luck and key&quot; is full of awesome solo and incredible lyrics. By comparison, Europe's the final countdown and Bonjovi's 1800 f  are too  commercial. If you are really a  metal fan , you will be not satisfied with dokken's album after 90's.  Because they lost their way in a jungle of alternative, grunge.  If you are  finding the power like Stryper or Impelliterri , this album is the one.
B000002H33|5.0|This is the best metal album of all time.  From the first track to the last, Master of Puppets never lets up.  First I must correct the Amazoon reviewer.  The title song &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; is about drug  addiction, as it says &quot;chop your breakfast on a mirror&quot; and  &quot;sucking darkest clear&quot; which are both references to drugs.  The  biggest song that doesn't get respect is &quot;Leper Messiah&quot; which is  my 2nd favorite 'tallica song (&quot;One&quot; is the best).  If you think  bands like KoRn and Limp Bizkit are REAL metal, think again.  Take a listen  to this.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|Phil Collins is simply the best musician around.  Listening to this CD will just keep reminding you why.  I love everyone of these songs, and never ever get bored listening to them.  Buy this CD, you will not regret  it.
B00000J2KR|5.0|Barry Lyndon defies description in the usual sense that one may describe  a film. That is, the plot is not succinct; the cinematography is unlike  anything you've ever seen; the music (arranged and conducted by Leonard  Rosenman) is entirely authentic to the period; and the performances,  especially that of Ryan O'Neal, set a mood rather than tell a story. (The  fact that Mr. O'Neal was willing to turn in such an innocuous performance  at the pinnacle of his career speaks volumes for the star's  character.)<br />As with all of Kubrick's films, don't expect entertainment.  This is art.  That is why it gets such wildly mixed reviews. Where most of  today's filmed  entertainment is the cinematic equivalent of rock-n-roll,  Kubrick's films  are mostly waltzes. If you come to this film expecting a  patient, moving,  wonderfully detailed painterly film with a fantastic  score, you will enjoy  it immensely. This is the difinitive example of film  as art.
B00002E233|2.0|This movie tries to out-do the classic suspense of Jaws, but fails in bringing real tension to the screen.  You can only watch people getting ripped to shreads by mechanical looking sharks for so long before it  becomes repetitive.  So much for restraint.  Watching this, I found myself  rooting for the sharks, because even though mechanical, they had much more  personality than the human characters.
B00000J7I3|4.0|this is the crue stripped down to the music.  no polished up tracks in this album, the whole thing sounds like it was recorded in one of the guys' basement.  it's really cheaply made but that is what makes this album such  a sign of what the crue stands for.  i think mick mars said it best when he  said &quot;louder is better ruder is better more aggressive is  better&quot;.  but the ingredient that makes this album so good is also the  ingredient that makes it's flaws.  some of it is hard to listen to because  it is just so poorly made.  vince's voice is not exactly beautiful stuff  and the guitars are a little screechy.  but do not i repeat DO NOT let this  keep you from buying this excellent piece of music.  just because it didn't  take millions to make doesn't mean it isn't worth millions in your  collection.
6300213803|5.0|Star Trek II succeeds because, unlike the earlier Star Trek TMP, it goes back to the strengths of the original TV series.  Star Trek has never been &quot;hard&quot; Sci-fi; it has always been at its best when it focuses on  an attractive group of characters--Kirk, Spock, McCoy et al.  <br />If you  haven't seen it yet, Star Trek II builds on an episode from the TV series  entitled &quot;Space Seed,&quot; in which Kirk encounters a former dictator  of Earth named Khan, defeats his attempt to hijack the Enterprise, and  maroons him on a deserted planet.  Some 15 years later, Khan escapes, gains  control of another starship, the Reliant, and learns about the film's  MacGuffin, the &quot;Genesis&quot; device, potentially a lethal  superweapon.  Once again, the Enterprise is &quot;the only ship in the  quadrant&quot; available to deal with the crisis.  Along the way Kirk  discovers he has a son, and we also meet Lt. Saavik, a half-Vulcan protege  of Spock's.<br />But the plotline is almost secondary.  Star Trek II is really  about how the characters, primarily Kirk and Spock, deal with growing old,  and with &quot;no-win&quot; situations, and eventually with death.  I've  sometimes thought of it as sort of an outer space counterpart to  Peckinpagh's &quot;Ride the High Country.&quot;<br />The cast is great,  especially Shatner and Nimoy, but also including Ricardo Montalban as Khan  (reprising his guest role in the TV series) and Kirstie Alley making an  impressive debut as Saavik.  Nicholas Meyer directs ably, and James  Horner's score is excellent.<br />Of the six movies centered around the  original series Star Trek cast, I consider Star Trek II to be the best.
B00002EPMF|5.0|Control Denied is really Death with Tim Aymar singing instead of Chuck.  Chuck Schuldiner wrote all the songs.  This CD features Shannon Hamm (guitar) and Richard Christy (drums); they played on the Sound of  Perseverance.  Steve DiGiorgio (Individual Thought Patterns) takes care of  the bass duties.  The music is very melodic, you'd expect nothing less from  Chuck.  The riffs are less complex when compared to the Death albums  because the vocals have to be accomadated.  Aymar actually sings, sounds  like old Testament. The guitar sound could have been a little thicker on  this album.  The bass drums, in my opinion, should have been louder.  Other  than that this album is perfect.
B000001EC1|5.0|Superlatives aren't enuff to describe the music in this album. It is a compilation of the best Bon Jovi tracks. The love ballads, especially, come straight from the heart and tug at your heart strings. The additional cut,  &quot;Prayer 94&quot;, which is a slower another version of &quot;Living on  a Prayer&quot; is smooth and rich. This number also exposes the ability of  the band to play around with two different sounds for the same number and  that is something not very many can do successfully. In short, good music  and soulful lyrics make this album an all-time classic.
0385491026|1.0|This book drove me NUTS! I bought it because I absolutely love &quot;The Robber Bride,&quot; but this one just seemed like a big waste. I spent the whole book waiting for something interesting to happen, but the detached  voice of the narrator sucks any excitement right out of the story. But all  the other reviewers seem to love it, so maybe you should read it anyway and  decide for yourself.
6304675348|5.0|I am normally not a fan of horror films, but I saw some of the reviews of this one and decided to rent it, and did not regret doing so.  It is now part of my collection.  What made it enjoyable were:<br />1.  Director Wes  Craven's way of poking fun of horror film conventions.<br />2.  A good script  by Kevin Williamson.<br />3.  Above all, excellent performances by the  ensemble cast.  Neve Campbell is really the lead (although only third  billed) and she is a superb heroine--sympathetic but also tough when she  has to be.  She is supported by great performances from Courteney Cox,  David Arguette, Rose McGowan and Jamie Kennedy, while Drew Barrymore is  superbly terrified in the opening scene.<br />I greatly enjoyed this movie and  was glad to add it to my collection.
B000002LRX|5.0|&quot;Rolling Stone&quot; recently picked the most essential recordings of the decade by genre.  While forgettable pieces of trash by the likes of the Wallflowers and Hootie and the Blowfish were picked, there was no mention  of &quot;Angel Dust.&quot;  What a damn shame.  The writers at RS are truly  on mongoloid level.  I do miss Chuck Mosely, though.  He was SUCH a GOOD  singer!   Ha, ha, whatever.  Too bad he sounded like he had schrapnel  lodged in his brain from a nuclear fallout.  Limp Bizkit rules!  Ha, ha,  I'm killing myself with these funny jokes.
B00000DCHI|5.0|I will be needlessly repeating what most of the people have already written about this album. Let me just say this.. if you are a Billy Joel Fan, your music collection is incomplete without this set of 2 CDs.
B00000IQMT|5.0|John Williams is without question the most talented movie score composer that has ever been, and this one lives up to his reputation!  I am especially impressed by the way that Anakin's theme ends with a haunting  recollection of the Imperial March from &quot;Empire Strikes Back&quot;.  I  agree with the previous reviewer that I would have liked a 2-disc set with  the entire underscore, rather than just the selections presented here - but  it will do until a full score is released!
0060254920|5.0|As a teacher, I have witnessed the delight in childrens' eyes when listening to Max's great adventure!  They are also captivated by the pictures.  The story stirs the imagination and encourages a love for  reading.  It would be a great gift!
B000001E7T|5.0|Perfect albums come very rarely. But PJ Harvey has done it. She is my favorite, and even though I love all her stuff, this is her best, without a doubt. There's something here for everyone: Meet Ze Monsta and Long Snake  Moan recalls her Rid of Me and 4-Track Demos- era raw wailing, but she also  transcends to a more epic, almost theatrical style here. It's not a long  album, but the SCOPE of it seems huge. If you are a PJ Harvey fan at all,  buy this one. It will change the way you perceive women in music, and you  will realize why Polly Harvey is so underrated.
B000002BSG|5.0|Buy this cd! It is a great mix of phat rythems, boss beats, and groovy songs. Its one of the cds where songs will stick in your heads all day! But the only downside is the song &quot;dijerama&quot; is a tinch annoying. But  otherwise, its worth the cash!
B00002MZ12|5.0|This is definitely one of the best releases of this year. The selected songs are really the best ones and the acoustic versions are even better than the original. Also the &quot;new&quot; songs, like no pressure over  cappuccino, are amazing.
0060977493|2.0|I didn't like this book. The characters are all disturbed and depressing. I hated the way the author used sexual references even when discribing things like flowers and places. I first wanted to read this book because the twins 'Estha and Rahel' interested me. But I soon found that the  book  dealt with too many other characters and times in peoples lives, which made  this book difficult to read and frustrating for me, as I like to understand  what I'm reading. There were many references in the book that meant  absolutley nothing to me, which added to the confusing nature of this  novel.  I am probably younger than most other readers of this novel, so I  would only reccomend it to an older audience.
B000002J09|5.0|This is an extremely good album by the best band ever. There is not a single song on this album that is less than great. Stairway to Heaven is one of the greatest songs ever and anyone who doesn't think so is very  stupid.
B000002L75|5.0|Although the big radio/concert favorites on Some Great Reward are undeniable classics, the true genius of this album lies in what I imagine many owners of it consider filler. &quot;Something To Do,&quot; Lie To  Me,&quot; and &quot;If You Want&quot; are without a doubt among DM's best,  and without them Some Great Reward would have been little more than Some  Good Reward. In particular I must echo DM Fan form San Fran's sentiments on  &quot;Lie To Me&quot;...about as sensual as it gets even today, and  certainly as good as it got in 1984!
0345349571|5.0|I am always amazed at people who don't seem to enjoy or understand the relevance of history. Trying to understand the present without a knowledge of the past is like trying to figure out what's wrong with a clock by  examining its face. It's like being a leaf that doesn't know it's part of a  tree.<br />In Tuchman's comprehensive look at 14th century Europe, we see the  beginnings of our modern market economy, the notion of romantic love, trade  unions, urbanization, nationalism, anti-semitism (portents of the  Holocaust), ideas of chivalry in warfare being torn down by advances in  technology, and on and on. I found this book to be endlessly fascinating,  told in a lively and engaging manner.<br />If you don't think civilization has  made much progress, read this book. It will give you a new perspective on  just how far we've come--despite the sometimes eerie similarities.
6305609691|5.0|One of the best movies of all times. Very high quality, each picture and sound. The madness of war is rising from the beginning to the end ... brilliant actors, Marlon Brando and Martin Sheen. This DVD is an enrichment  for each collection.
0688170528|5.0|When I first started reading this book, I was very skeptical.  After the the fifth tense change, I was hooked.  I've read VERY few books that make me cry and laugh out loud all at the same time.  Jodi Picoult is a master  at making every scene seem very realistic.  I could have easily known these  people and had friendships with all of them.  Her attention to detail was  stimulating and prompted me to continue reading.  The book was finished in  about five hours - I just couldn't put it down.
B000002HH2|5.0|...and here's the proof! for all you bjork fans who don't already know: you *must* check out out her collection of videos, &quot;volumen.&quot; every single video is raw, visceral beauty. after seeing  &quot;hyperballad&quot; i'm doubtful that i'll ever see a better video.  turn out the lights, hook your vcr up to a good stereo, smoke 'em if ya got  'em, and enjoy!
0380002930|5.0|At the age of 9, this was the first novel I ever read, and as a result it became the yardstick by which I judge all other novels. Simply put, it is side by side with &quot;Gone With the Wind&quot; as my all time favorite. I  have never since read a more vividly imagined work than this world of  rabbits in the English countryside. Straightforward Hazel, brash Bigwig and  frail but visionary Fiver lead their ragtag band of outcast rabbits from  their doomed home warren through an unbelievable series of situations and  adventures. The blood in this book did not bother me even in the third  grade, as it was not gratuitous or meant to shock, but rather to illustrate  that the rabbit, a creature that we all tend to view as cuddly, is a part  of the sometimes violent world of nature. Life is hard for even the cutest,  most appealing of animals in the wild, whose every moment is taken up with  struggle for survival. I doubt that anyone who has read &quot;Watership  Down&quot; has ever looked at rabbits the same again.
B00000K2SC|5.0|For those of you looking for an action movie that's just an uninspired, mindless collection of shootouts between over-muscled morons, I have a warning: The Matrix is NOT that movie. Few action films back up their glitz  with an actual plot, and fewer still present ideas as fascinating as this  one does. The action (in particular the super-human fight sequences) is  amazing, the special FX are top-notch, and the driving idea is the most  unique I've seen in a while.
B00000BKDV|5.0|the cd is without a doubt one of the best metal cds ever! this cd has my favorite song ever,THE TROOPER!  if you havnt heard any of maidens songs and you want to get a great sample of iron maiden this is the cd to check  out!
0805017305|5.0|This is a book that should be required reading of every American before graduating high school. Perhaps then the true balanced story of the Native American Holocaust perpetrated on Americas' First Nations can start to be  recognized to be as great as that done by Nazi Germany to the Jewish  people.
6301963911|5.0|The reason I wanted to see &quot;Annie Hall&quot; was to despise it afterwards. I knew this was the film that won the Oscar in 1977, the year of &quot;Star Wars&quot;. When &quot;Annie Hall&quot; was broadcasted on  Television, I recorded it immediately, because I was curious about the  film.<br />Since that day I am a real Woody-Allen-Fan and I have seen nearly  every film of him. His pictures are among the most witty, funny and  sophisticated out there and &quot;Annie Hall&quot; shows him in peak form.  Individual scenes, like the one involving Marshal McLuhan, are real  gems.<br />&quot;Annie Hall&quot; is the kind of movie that is almost  impossible to dislike. If you watch it once, you will watch it over and  over again.
B000002KHH|5.0|This album may be from 1970 but don't its age fool you. It is very hard hitting. Ozzy provides some of the greatest lyrics and Tony Iommi proves why he is one of the best guitar players ever to live. This is real metal, unlike that mainstream stuff, Limp Bizkit, Kid Rock, KoRn.
0312954468|5.0|This book had made it to my &quot;top 10 all time favorites&quot;... it will really move you. It SHOULD move you, if you're in touch with humanity. A veritable roller-coaster of emotions, it's a wonderful trip. Enjoy the  ride! (The &quot;sequel&quot;, The Seventh Scroll, I would rate 4 stars and  very much worth reading, but doesn't have the emotional impact of this  story.)
0380725398|4.0|Although not as deep emotionally as Rebecca, DuMurier did a nice job in changing the setting and time period to one that is totally different.  I enjoyed the book because of the strength of the character and the dramatic  scenes which carry along the reader into the world of the English moors.   It is almost as though you are in the raininess of an English winter and  can smell the Christmas Eve fair.  Her character analysis of many of the  different players in this novel are masterfully done.
6305603847|5.0|When buying a movie, whether on DVD or VHS, it is crucial that that movie be so provocative and intellectually stimulating that it begs the viewer to watch it numerously.  If there is no desire for a viewer to watch a certain  movie more than once, than what is the point of owning it?  The Wall, by  Pink Floyd (the second greatest rock n' roll band of all time), is a movie  which cannot be watched merely once.  It has so many layers to it that it  astounds me.  There are so many ways in which to interpret the bizarre  experiences of Pink that you will have to see this movie a number of times  before you relate Pink's experiences to your own life.  However, once you  have achieved this, you will only want to watch it even more, if, for  nothing else, to enjoy the unbelievably powerful music that is contained  within and what better a way to hear such strong melodies than with Dolby  Digital 5.1 sound.  Indeed, The Wall is an event almost made to be  experienced through the medium of digital picture and sound.  <br />The music  of Pink Floyd is so incomprehensibly strong.  They excel at powerful  rhythms which serve to severely alter your psyche.  It is this rock opera  and album, The Wall, which is their most powerful work, and hence their  greatest.  It at the very least deserves to be a part of anyone's home  video library.
0767821629|5.0|After my friends and I saw this movie, we were all blow away at the fact of a virtual world and ramifications throughout the movie. Although it has a similar theme like that of the Matrix, it appoaches it in a totaly  different way and amazes even the most scrutinizing movie goer -- I highly  recommend it.
B00000JBEI|5.0|A wonderful collection of Bruce live in concert after the Born in the USA tour 84-85.  His cover of Dylan's song is one of the best songs I have ever heard.  The acoustic version of Born to Run is heartfelt and moving and  Tougher Than the Rest and Be True are especially good bonuses for a huge  Bruce fan as myself.  Bruce is simply one of the all time greatest, if not  THE greatest.
B0000028RR|1.0|This Cd is the worst I've ever bought. I bought it thinking it was going to be good and took it back the next. There is one word to describe this CD and that is BAD.
B000002513|4.0|This is a great album, but the highlights here;Sandy, Incident on 57th Street and Rosalita actually sound better live.  Sandy and Rosalita are of course included on the Live Box Set, but the Rosalita track sounds better  on his video collection.  Incident on 57th Street is available Live on a  small collection cd containing four tracks, and it's a 10 minute version  with a riveting guitar solo that's absoloutly amazing, the best I've heard  anyway.  Still, T.W.T.I.A.T.E.S.S. is a must have in Bruce collection,  Kitty's Back and New York City Serenade are classics.
6305451591|5.0|Roberto Benignini is a genius!  This movie show how beautiful life can be! If everyone had as  much charisma and love as his character, the world might be a happier place for all of us. I cannot say enough good thing  about this film, so I guess I'll stop now, but watch this movie!
B00001IVOF|5.0|This album sounds different from Murda Muzik and The Infamous - its darker. It gives listeners a taste of raw rap at its finest. This album is the most consistent Mobb effort to date. The beats are stronger and the  lyrics are sprayed like machine gun fire. This album should be rated one of  the best rap albums of all time. You aren't a rapper if you have not heard  this album. Peace out.
B00000JCB2|1.0|You get sick of this trash so fast. Nookie was good the first time. And thats all.
B00000IPAX|1.0|I was deeply disapointed with this album. It doesn't even sound like Blink. Once upon a time Blink was an awesome punk band. But all this album shows is that Blink sold out. What kind of Punk band has a song on Dawson's  Creek? I'm sure you'll like this album--if you're a junior high girl who  listens to the Backstreet boys.
0671578278|4.0|This was a very good book, and I will take the Vorkosigans any way I can get them. I do miss the adventures of Admiral Naismith and the Dendarii raiders. The problem that Ms.Bujold has is measuring up to her earlier  fabulous Vorkosigan books. This book was a bit predictable. In my humble  opinion, I think we need a good interstellar war to jumpstart this series.  This is still far superior writing than 95% of current scifi. I hope she  continues to give us one per year. Excellent enterntainment.
0307165485|5.0|Richard Scarry's Best Storybook Ever remains one of my favorite childhood books. I was born in 1973 and my mother bought it for me when it was published. I still look through it now as I order it for my nephew.
6304712936|5.0|I've seen this film many times--but before I buy the DVD I'd like a review of the DVD--who has seen it on DVD? Though I know the DVD version is probably spectacular, I'd still like to know what other people think.
B000002UAR|5.0|I had to have been the only kid in my pre-school class that was running around singing &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;. <br />Some of my favorite childhood memories involve my Dad having what I like to call &quot;music  nights&quot;. He would get all of his good vinyl out and play it really  loud for a few hours. A lot of what he played was music from The Beatles.  Whenever my Dad would put on &quot;Revolver&quot;, I would run into the  room (almost skipping the record) and grab the album cover. <br />I'd sit on  the floor and stare at the combination of collage and line art. I always  liked the little picture of John Lennon with the fake beard on, or that  semi-blurred photo at the top where Paul is screaming. <br />To me, this is  the best Beatles album. I also think it's the best music Paul McCartney  made while he was with the group.
0312853238|5.0|this book was one of the best i have ever read. i had to read it for literature class, and at first i looked at it and i said, &quot;no way. this is like over 350 pages.&quot; but as i started reading it, it made me  want to read more and more. it has an incredible story line and plot.  beautiful book.
B000000HZZ|5.0|If you're one of the lucky ones who, like me, own this album, you'll know what true magic sounds like.  David Sylvian's fluid vocals wrap around every nuance of the soft melodies that are highlighted here.  From the  title track to &quot;My New Career&quot; to &quot;Nightporter&quot; to  &quot;Swing&quot; to the instrumentals like &quot;The Experience of  Swimming&quot;, this is a brilliant album from a brilliant group of  musicians.  Most recommended for when the world has worn down your  shoulders and you want to take that weight off.
B000002HNR|5.0|If you have listened to all the other Doors albums then you'll love this one. Jim &quot;The Lizard King&quot; Morrison and the rest of the Doors do an outstanding job playing music. If your a true Doors fan then you'll love  it no matter what.
B00001OH7P|5.0|This was originally released on vinyl disc, and vinyl discs had something &quot;laser discs do not: SIDES. (Okay, laser discs have sides too, but music is recorded only on one.) &quot;Ziggy Stardust&quot; is a  &quot;concept album&quot; with two concepts, or a record including two song  cycles, one per side. The first (side one) is both a take-off on and an  homage to pulp science fiction of the forties and fifties. The second (side  two) concerns a fictional rock star (his name derives from Iggy Pop's).  Side two is tighter; that is, its songs are more closely related and seem  to tell a story. Of side two's songs &quot;Lady Stardust&quot; is the most  tangential, though we might suppose Lady Stardust to be Ziggy Stardust the  rock-and-roll-er getting in touch with his feminine &quot;soft rock&quot;  self (his anima). Two of side one's songs are not science fiction:   &quot;It Ain't Easy&quot;, a song not written by David Bowie and recorded  earlier by Three Dog Night, and &quot;Soul Love&quot;. &quot;It Ain't  Easy&quot; is pretty much filler, but it's perfectly pleasant filler, and  its serves a dramatic purpose, the calm before the storm. &quot;Soul  Love&quot; is lovely and foreshadows &quot;Modern Love&quot; from 1983's  &quot;Let's Dance&quot;. (Compare &quot;All I have is my love of love/And  love is not loving&quot; to &quot;I don't believe in modern love&quot;.)  Both song cycles, however, allude repeatedly to fifties pop culture.  &quot;Five Years&quot;, for example, features a do-wop-derived chord  progression vamp (beginning tonic to submediant), and fifties imagery  (&quot;I think I saw you in a ice cream shop/Drinking milk shakes cold and  long&quot;, &quot;I thought of my ma/And I wanted to get back there&quot;).  In &quot;Rock and Roll Suicide&quot; &quot;Chev brakes snarl&quot; as do  wop saxophones bop and beep. In sum, the careful musical arrangements and  arresting lyrical imagery resonant in various ways on various levels. The  performances areexuberant, ebullient, enthusiastic.<br />I also recommend  Thomas Dolby's &quot;The Golden Age of Wireless&quot; (like David Bowie,  Thomas Dolby is a soft-spoken, intelligent Englishman preoccupied with  science-fiction-ish subject matter) and, for the musicians among us, Jeff  Burns's &quot;Pentatonic Scales for the Jazz Rock Keyboardist&quot;, a  method book.
0385474547|4.0|Things Fall Apart is about a man named Okonko, who is struggling to cope with the changes in his society. This is the story of a man during the begining of British colonization of Africa. The British come to Nigeria and  begin to disrupt the age-old patterns of African village, culture. Although  the British are dominating towards the small Nigeria village, they  cultivate Western civilization. Okonko is a character depicted as a  greatest man. However, he is an angry, inflexible man. Okonko allowed fear  to rule his life and this eventually lead to his sad demise. This book was  very interesting and formative it expressed the tradition and long held  beliefs of African culture, but also reflected the differences of Western  culture.
0783231032|4.0|I can't believe some of the harsh reviews of this movie - it's always been one of my favorites.  Any movie that has 2 guys sitting with a wooden dummy in a giant Ferris wheel shooting at planes with a rifle has got to be a  hit.
0671027344|5.0|When I finished The Perks of Being a Wallflower by Stephen Chybosky, I sat there in a stunned silence. The book was strongly powerful in a manner that diary or letter style books rarely achieve. There is usually a sense of  implausibility in those types of books that Charlie's character completely  negated. When trying to describe Charlie the mind suddenly reels, he's  honest. Completely and utterly genuine in his perceptions and most of his  actions. Charlie is also and emotional basket case that somehow manages to  attract a special group of friends to him. A group of voluntary outcasts  that go through the same problems teenagers face everywhere. Sex, drugs,  relationships and acceptance figure heavily into everyone's lives, despite  their personal beliefs on those subjects. I would like to mention Stephen's  portrayal of Patrick, I was pleased to see the sbuject of homosexuality  treated in such a plain manner. It was accepted as a fact and only the  feelings invovled in the situations were important. I would recomment this  book to a wide range of people, old or young, straight or gay, conservative  or liberal. It was a pleasure to read and I enjoyed it immensely.
B00000DGUG|2.0|Like many fans of Jagged Little Pill, one of the greatest rock albums of all time, I waited anxiously for Alanis's second release.  When the song Uninvited (not released on SFIJ) started playing on the radio, I thought it  was a teaser for more great songs.  So I rushed out to buy SFIJ the first  day it was released.  Boy was I disappointed. I've reserved judgment until  I've listened to it half a dozen times because some songs grow on you after  a while.  But I'm still disappointed.  Part of the problem is there are too  many poor songs in the collection of 17.  If you pruned it down and  kept  only the best 10, I'd give it 4 stars.  That's a good reason why singers  should not be their own producers.  Alanis has a beautiful voice (I saw her  live on the SFIJ tour), but many of the songs are overmixed and her voice  does not take center stage.  Also she got lazy in her song writing, too  many repeated lines:  &quot;Thank you this, Thank you that, Are you still  mad this, Are you still mad that ...&quot;  Her shrill screeching on Would  Not Come jars my ears so much I can't listen to it again.  Baba is  pyschobabble.  There are some great songs though.  Front Row is entrancing  (although overmixed); I'm surprised it didn't become a radio hit.  The  Couch is thoroughly mesmerizing with a quiet intensity that builds and  builds because it's one of the few rock songs without a chorus.  Unsent is  quietly reflective. And Joining You is Alanis at her JLP best.
6305426651|5.0|I went to this movie with a friend who always cries,and I never cry at the movies.Well,this one changed my outlook forever!I was moved beyond words.The Italian scenery in the beginning was gorgeous and Robert's  ebullience contagious!I cannot wait to buy this movie.
B00003000M|5.0|Chant Down Babylon is essential listening. Bob's vocals take you along on a spiritual journey that is familiar, but yet new and fresh. Each song has a crucial hip-hop flow which is complimented by artists which share the  love and compassion Bob put in his performances. Stand-outs cuts: well, too  many to mention. I play this cd endlessly. RECOMMENDED!  Give Thanks to  Stephen Marley and all involved in this project.
0451163486|5.0|This is quite possibly the best espionage book ever written--read this book!
B000005JXG|5.0|This is as close to a perfect album that I have ever heard. Clever songwriting, supurb playing, excellent production, and Shane MacGowan's inimitable vocals. This was my first Pogues CD and it changed the way I  think about music. Do yourself a favor and listen to it.
6305609691|5.0|Its a fairy-tale in hell!<br />How can such a movie exist, that combines a cinema experience and shocking atmosphere this good, and still be a war movie?<br />Its not malicious like Deer Hunter, our coarse like Platoon. It's  balanced to perfection.
B00000JHAU|5.0|I don't know why people say this album has pseudo-intellectual lyrics. There's nothing intellectual about them, they're just soft, emotive, and incisive. These songs are steeped in the imagined memory of long school  holidays when you fancied the girl down the road but she fancied your mate  and the sun was so hot you couldn't carry a 99 Flake home because it would  melt before you got there. And then you'd get bollocked by your Mum. It has  a lifesaving quality that you can't ignore unless you don't need it, and  then you won't see it and should go and listen to something loud and brutal  for a while.
078322804X|4.0|A movie as good as it can get in its genre. A hairpin from 5 stars. But its a unique movie.<br />The music is incredible and really tells the whole story. Apart from the music, hillarious fun sparks it up, and makes this  movie an all 'get happy and in the mood' experience.
B00000JHAU|5.0|I don't know why people say this album has pseudo-intellectual lyrics. There's nothing intellectual about them, they're just soft, emotive, and incisive. These songs are steeped in the imagined memory of long school  holidays when you fancied the girl down the road but she fancied your mate  and the sun was so hot you couldn't carry a 99 Flake home because it would  melt before you got there. And then you'd get bollocked by your Mum. It has  a lifesaving quality that you can't ignore unless you don't need it, and  then you won't see it and should go and listen to something loud and brutal  for a while.
6302897270|5.0|This film is stimulating sexually, much more so than many films that directly attempt to be this way.  A more subtle approach is sometimes better! Be certain, though, that Kim Basinger's strip is the best one ever  seen on film (no teasing involved!)  When Mickey Rourke discovers that Kim  has gone through his belongings in his apartment, he tells her that he will  have to spank her.  &quot;Your kidding, right?&quot;  she replies.  No,  he's not!
0316779237|4.0|It certainly does not take long to get through this collection of short stories, and you may even end up with a whole new view of the holidays!  Sedaris used biting humor throughout to get his holiday message across.   Some of the stories were more &quot;enjoyable&quot; than others-- I loved  the SantaLand Diaries.  The Christmas letter story was harsh but humorous  and one based on a true story was over the top.  Worth reading if you don't  mind a lump of cynicism in your stocking this year!
B000002MG1|5.0|I remember when I first bought this CD in 1992.  I was disinterested in little more than &quot;Nightswimming&quot; when I first heard it, but over the years and with repeated listenings, &quot;Automatic for the  People&quot; gets better and merits placement with &quot;Reckoning&quot;  and &quot;Murmur&quot; as one of the best rock recordings by any group in  the last 20 years. The number of positive reviews by other customers  confirms this.<br />The songs are well-crafted, although they have fewer of  the delicious guitar and mandolin hooks that drew me to other R.E.M. works  such as &quot;Green&quot; and &quot;Out of Time&quot;.  Stipe's lyrics are  simply incredible and beautifully sensitive.  I have only two minor  complaints:  &quot;New Orleans Instrumental No. 1&quot; seems out of place  on this disc, and &quot;Ignoreland&quot; has a feel and sound about it that  seem better suited to a different R.E.M. CD (love the lyrics, though)!<br />Of  particular note are &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot;, which is a song of  redemption and hope.  Musically, it's beautiful and ranks up there with  &quot;Perfect Circle&quot; and &quot;You are the Everything&quot; as one of  the best.<br />In a similar vein, &quot;Nightswimming&quot; recalls youth and  innocence left behind.  Somehow it coincides with this album's release  (October, 1992) and brings back feelings of wistfulness for last  summer.<br />&quot;Monty Got a Raw Deal&quot; is a dark and foreboding tribute  to Montgomery Clift with some very tasty mandolin licks, courtesy of Peter  Buck.<br />&quot;Star Me Kitten&quot; is a dreamy song with a sensuous guitar  hook that works exceptionally well.<br />&quot;Man on the Moon&quot; is okay,  but I wasn't a big fan of Andy Kaufman when he was alive, so I don't really  understand the significance of this song.<br />One rather negative customer  reviewer earlier said that &quot;you'd thank him&quot; for not buying  &quot;Automatic for the People&quot;.  Disregard him.  A few listenings of  this extraordinary CD will make you glad you did.
B000021XS0|3.0|i've listened to the new DT album a dozen times and find myself thinking the same thing everytime- great when it is great, horrible when it is horrible.  <br />there is no real flow from jam to jam.  at times it is as if  they mixed it incorrectly.  parts are too cluttered and seem to ramble on  and on.<br />  the crispness of the past isn't always there, almost as if they  became disinterested during certain parts of the recording.  <br />the idea is  there and is a good one, it just didn't gel as well as Mindcrime, 2112 or  The Wall. however, a true DT fan will want this album.  <br />over time it may  grow into my top ten play list.
B0000203YT|5.0|The first time I saw the movie, my reaction was: &quot;Hmm, not bad.  An OK movie, but nothing striking.  Maybe even got a bit turned off 'cuz it's such a 'chick movie'.&quot;<br />Two months later, I was dying to go back to the theater and watch it again - why, it was a mystery.  So I paid a little more attention the 2nd time round, and I found out why subconsciously I'd already come to like that film after the first viewing.  <br />To begin with, the dialogues are witty and very well-written.  As someone who had never read any Shakespeare before (pardon me, Shakespeare gurus), I didn't know at first that there're many, many lines that were taken directly from the poet/playwright. As I read 12 of Shakepeare's plays and all of his sonnets after the movie (you can tell that I fell madly in love with Shakespeare after watching the film), I came to see how Shakespeare's own words were taken out and seamed together so cleverly and perfectly in the script. And as I re-watch the video, each time I continue to discover something new in the script that I didn't notice before.<br />Second, the way the Romeo/Juliet and Will/Viola stories intertwines together is just fabulous and done perfectly.  The two stories bring each other to life and it's just a very creative and beautiful way of telling a story.  The lead to the Twelth Night at the end is totally icing on an already-marvelous cake.<br />In a word, this movie is a classic.
B00000DFSK|5.0|U2 is the biggest group of both the 1980's and 1990's.  Their album Joshua Tree is widely acknowledged to be the best rock album since the Beatles broke up, at the very least.<br />The Best of 1980-1990, while lacking in the  sort of thematic connection and continuity present in Joshua Tree,  nevertheless succeeds greatly as an album by including other great U2 songs  which were on other albums.<br />The &quot;B&quot; sides on the second disc  are generally not of the same caliber as the hits on the first disc, though  some will certainly surprise you with their musical strength and  depth.<br />For U2 fans, there is no question that you must own this album.  For those who are just general fans of modern rock, this is one of two U2  albums you should definitely own (the other is Joshua Tree).
B000021XS0|3.0|After reading the other reviews of this album, I can say that this newest release from DT did not affect me the way it did many of you. I think this is a good album that should be about 15 minutes shorter than it is.  Although there are some great songs on the album, I think there is way too  much soloing going on. Some of the songs are spoiled by seemingly needless  sporadic and boring instrumental nonsense. Similar to Liquid Tension  Experiment, the band has gone into the studio and spontaneously come up  with instrumental solos and then inserted them into songs. Some may like  this approach and think that it adds life to the songs or shows their  musicianship, but I think that it takes away from the rest of the song.  There is no fluidity in most of these long extended solos. You begin to ask  yourself as you listen to some of these interludes, what the heck are they  doing, they had a good song going there but I don't know what the heck that  is, I wish they would stop and get back to the song.  I do recommend all DT  fans to buy this disk, maybe you can overlook the extra 15 minutes of  guitar and keyboard babble. If you really want to hear what I think this  album should have sounded like, buy James Labrie's new solo album called  Mullmuzzler. This cd sounds more like Dream Theater's Images and Words.
0446310786|5.0|This book was great.... I had to read it for english class and I could not but it down....
B00000IPAX|5.0|A great CD with songs like All the Small Things and What's my age again!  I don't know why it says Explicit Lyrics on the title on this site because my copy of the CD doesn't have a parental advisory on it, and I KNOW it  isn't edited. Any, this is a great CD!
0767827902|5.0|I have all 3 versions of this movie, but the DVD is the best. There are short 30 second shots that tie movie together, and extra shots to round out the movie. The Productions notes have great insights like, Abilene was to  be played by Jimmy Dean of &quot;Big Bad John&quot; fame  If you like this  movie, Texasville is the story 20 years later.
B00000ILBK|5.0|I found the plot for this movie to be thin and bland.  The quest for a fountain of youth is not exactly cutting edge science fiction material.  There is a sub plot with Data and a Baku kid that is compleatly  unnecessary.  Data and a kid plots have been done to death on the TV show.   Why cover the same ground again? Evan though the story is so so, I gave  this DVD 5 stars because it is one of the best looking and sounding DVDs on  the market.  It is picture perfect.  The sound will knock you out of orbit.   Also, I give paramount praise for including some extras.  Hallelujah!   There is some behind the scenes footage and two trailers.  Usually,  paramount delivers squat in the extras department.  Compared to New Line or  MGM releases, these extras are a little anemic.  But for Paramount it is  the super deluxe full monty!  Seek out this DVD and enjoy the video and  audio quality that only DVD can deliver!
B00000JCOV|5.0|This CD is amazing...its the best CD I've heard in a long time...make that ever.  Their sound is so complete (well duh there's 9 members)and they show their emotions through their music, which a lot of bands don't.  The  singer,  Corey,  sounds as if he is about to cry in some of the songs.  And  it makes me almost wanna cry too.  Slipknot's a really good CD and you  really should check it out.
B000020617|5.0|This album is destined to be viewed as one of the all-time greats, not because it is one of the greatest ssets of music, but because it is extremely good and it has been released during this rap/metal phase that is  ruining music.  This band singlehandedly proves that DJ's are not part of a  rock band the way it should be.  BUY THIS ALBUM!
6304675348|4.0|Two movie fanatic serial killers force a group of teens to use their horror movie know how to get them out of certain death on the anniversary of their raping and killing of a girlfriend's mother. Excellent  suspense/horror movie by Craven and Williamson with a great cast, great  special effects, great music, and an unforgettable costume for the killer.  Without a doubt, Craven's moment.
0679601686|5.0|This book has humor, drama, romance. Everything I love to read in a good old fashioned story. If you have never read Jane Austen you don't know what you are missing. Even my husband was a convert after Pride and Prejudice!
6305089957|2.0|Campbell and friends are in college and trying to get on with their lives when a kopy kat killer strikes. A totally unnecessary sequel with repugnant jokes, dead laughs, and what has to be the worst musical performance by an  actor in all of film history! Some good suspenseful moments and an  improvemence by Cox make it better. The sorority twits are kind of funny  too.
0684872153|5.0|This book made me laugh and made me cry. But most of all I felt that, as a young person, it gave me a really new perspective into the hardships that many people had to face during that time in history. It also reads like a  novel and is very easy to get into.
6304288433|3.0|Sequel picks up right where the first left off. Laurie is being transported to the hospital with Michael Myers on her heels. Not much of a plot, but a nice FRIDAY THE 13TH mentality can't help but do the boring  parts of this film a little justice. Fun on the Friday level.
B00000IHHM|5.0|If you are a big fan of musical theatre, and/or Les Mis, go with this version. I feel the recording and cast performances are better, and definitely more passionate, since they originate from an actual production.  The concept album songs are not in show order, and it does not include some  truly incredible songs (les oiseaux). Of course with only one CD, they had  to cut somewhere! If you just want a taste of this truly incredible music,  then maybe the concept album is for you. <br />In general I am not a fan of  live recordings, but this one makes you feel like you are there! The  recording is direct from the show, with nothing left out. The applause, the  curtain calls, the incidental music, it's ALL here! Also, the box set  includes a small hardcover book with photos and all the lyrics from the  show.
B000002UR7|4.0|Radiohead's Pablo Honey was the album which almost made their reputation as the best musical act to come out of Britain since the Beatles. Its punk guitar driven songs and almost physically addictive hooks and riffs  combined with its teen angst lyrics to make album of raw power and little  sublety.      Apart, of course, from the seminal &quot;Creep&quot;, a  fabulous song which is as timeless as it is anthemic.  Pablo Honey is an  album which has become more and more popular as Radiohead themselves have  assumed icon status, but in its own right it deserves to be cherished as a  superb example of guitar lead rock.
B00000IHHN|5.0|BUY the version integral! (Pomme records) There are some incredible songs (Les oiseaux! ) which are not on this version. Also, with the full version, you get a small hardcover book with all the lyrics and pictures from the  show. <br />I bought this concept CD first, and I could not wait to hear more.  If you like musical theatre, or are a big fan of Les Mis, try the full  version. Also, the song order on the concept cd does not match the sequence  of events. <br />I was able to see the show in Octobre and it was absolutely  incredible! (I haven't felt that way about any show since Les Mis..) This  show could easily be as successful as Les Mis if they do not blow the  translation.
B0000214F3|5.0|I loved it. It made me feel all sort of emotions. You feel sorry for Death, that he cannot stay to love. You feel sorry for the father knowing he has to leave this world. You feel sorry for Susan knowing that this  event will happen, loosing both father and love of her life. You enjoy  watching the bad get their just deserts. You laugh at the idea that an  adult is experiancing life for the first time. There is so much to say that  I cannot get it all in but to say &quot;See it yourself, and enjoy&quot;.  You will also enjoy the music.
630562285X|5.0|Don't wait --- Just buy it ! The movie is great , big adventure and mystery... When I saw it in theater was &quot;praying&quot; to not finish... One of the best movies of all decades... Sean Conerry and his  partener Cathrine J. Jones are 2 of the best actors. The DVD editon is poor  (only trailer added) but you MUST buy the movie if you like mystery ,  action and adventure !
B00000J7J4|5.0|Wow!  this is what you call good music , I love all of the songs especially SMOOTH because I love the rythm and the words.  The whole cd is so good I almost coudn't speak when I heard Lauryn Hill on it, she is one  of my favorite singers as well as latin rock group Mana. Overall I love  it,and I listen to it OVER AND OVER. Now I only have two things to say, for  Carlos Santana 'MUY BUEN TRABAJO Y PALANTE',and for you out there 'DON'T  THINK IT TWICE'.
B00000K0EA|4.0|I din't like the movie very much , but it vas good. The DVD format is great as it includes a lot of 007 information which everyone whould love. Don't loose the chance and buy it. I liked the &quot;Secrets of 007&quot; a lot and the other staff also. It is a  grate DVD.
B00000K19E|5.0|Only a 1,000 words; well, the Matrix was the best movie I've seen in a long time, and I watch a lot of movies. Great special effects and really thought provoking.
B000002NHN|5.0|Loreena McKennitt's THE BOOK OF SECRETS is, in my opinion, the best album ever recorded.  Until Mummer's Dance, I'd never heard of her, and thankfully was introduced to her music by my brother;I was lucky!  My  ultimate favorite is The Highwayman, bringing to life the beautiful, yet  tragic, legend of the same title; it is both haunting and chilling.   Skellig is also fantastic.  If you have a chance to purchase this CD, it is  worth investing your money.
B000002MG1|5.0|This is an intoxicating folk rock recording. &quot;Drive&quot; and &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot; are mesmerizing pop tunes, and &quot;Try Not To Breathe&quot; uses its strong hooks to catch the listener. &quot;Man on the  Moon&quot; has thoughtful lyrics. But the overall power of this recording  comes from its steady electric guitar lines and lilting mandolins. This  album has more of an edge than it's predecessor, OUT OF TIME. It is a must  buy. Go get it. And you can usually find a used copy of this CD as well.
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays with Morrie is a must read for anyone who has a pulse!  The life lessons contained within are enlightening and very relevant to the crazy world we live in today.  I salute the spirit of Morrie Schwartz and envy  the transformation of Mitch Albom.
B000002MU3|4.0|This album rocks harder than any REM album since Document and maybe harder than anything they've done. &quot;Crush With Eyeliner,&quot; &quot;Star 69,&quot; &quot;Bang and Blame,&quot; &quot;I Took Your Name,&quot; and  &quot;King of Comedy&quot; are great rock tunes. A couple of the songs fall  flat, though. &quot;What's the Frequency, Kenneth&quot;  could use a hook  or two and &quot;Let Me In&quot; is mindless noise. But the album is  excellent overall. Worth buying.
B000002UDB|1.0|You may have heard the redneck banter of my brother and cousin Dufus; It is for this reason and the excessive silliness of this album that I must deliver a Tirade the likes of which have never before been seen on the  Internet!  Just look at the cover of the album?  What the hell have they  got all over their faces, hmm?  They need to clean up their act, that's  what.  Look at the song titles!  Magical Mystery Tour? Pah! do they think  everyone who listens to music is a teenybopper who can be wooed by pretty  colors?  Pah again!  Dufus is a disgrace to the Radwick family name!  I  hope no one sees his horrendus review of Help!
B000001FY9|5.0|All 14 reggae tunes are brilliant. Buy this album. It contains the classic protest tune &quot;Get Up, Stand Up&quot;, &quot;the live version of the gospel tinged &quot;No Woman, No Cry&quot; and the funky &quot;Could This  Be Love.&quot; &quot;Buffalo Soldier&quot; is a fun song to sing.  Everything is great. Just buy it, mon.
B00002Z88D|4.0|I think S&amp;M is a good live album. The album contained some of the best of Metallica: &quot;Battery&quot;, &quot;One&quot;, my personal favorite &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;. But there are no songs from Kill 'Em All,  which disappointed me. &quot;The Four Horsemen&quot; is I think one of the  best Metallica songs, or even a concert favorite, &quot;Seek and  Destroy&quot;. &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; and &quot;Nothing Else  Matters&quot; are good but overplayed. I think on some songs the symphony  ruined, like the Lovecraftian &quot;The Thing That Should Not Be&quot;. But  for the most part S&amp;M will satisfy most Metallica fans, just because  well it's Metallica playing live. Metallica sounds better than ever before  with James's singing and Kirk's awesome riffs. It sounds like Metallica is  still going strong and will continue to do so for many years. Peace!
6305546789|5.0|I bought this video before I had seen the movie, just because it was cheap and I just getting in to horror at the time.  I loved it, I have seen it probably 500 times.  I know every word, every seen, everything!  Some  people say it is boring, but if you taken out those parts where you see  through Michaels POV nad can hear him breathing hard where would you be?  Another Friday the 13th slasher. If all the sudden Michael sowed up, you  would be like, where did the mask come from? Why did he just show up at  Laurie's front door? Where did he get those clothes? Who's that Doctor guy?  It made you watch and listen, isn't that what suspense is all about? That  is the differance between Halloween and let's say Scream. You had no idea  that the killer had interest in Sidney, or where or why this killer was  wearing that mask. I like Scream, but it's cheesy compared to Halloween.  In Halloween the so called boring parts are put to keep your brain working  and tries to make you think okay I know whats going on, ten all the sudden  you find out differently.  That is what horror is. If you think about it,  can you name another horror movie made before Halloween that deals with a  serial killer in a mask, who stalks countless victims typically with a  knife, never a gun. That is why Halloween should get more recognition than  just that &quot;dumb cheesy horror movie.&quot;
B000002H2H|5.0|This album rocks, but comes in a close second to Metallica's masterpiece, &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;. The guitars, lyrics, and melody are amazing. The songs are interesting and each tells a story about being on death  row(title track), suicide(Fade to Black), and someone crying for help while  ice fishing or something(Trapped Under Ice). Metallica should return to  their old forms of songwriting. The newer albums are good, but don't come  even close to &quot;Ride&quot; and &quot;Master&quot; no contest. Cliff  Burton's bass sounds awesome on &quot;Fade to Black&quot; and &quot;For  Whom the Bell Tolls&quot;. This album is a classic and timeless in sound. A  must for any rock music fan and an excellent Christmas gift.
B00000DHR0|5.0|As an avid fan of Celine's, this CD captures for me the true feeling of Christmas and the holidays.   I listen to it year-round, whenever I need a lift.  Celine's voice is as beautiful as ever and she gives the typical  holiday songs a boost with her energy and style.  Bravo!
B00000DHR0|5.0|Celine captures your feeling in each song as she always does, singing from the heart. She reachs out to you to be part of each song. The combination of international artists and family makes this a special holiday treat to  enjoy for years to come.
B000000I0C|5.0|Heartbreak and the subsequent anger it spurns are the main topics of this, my personal favorite Hammill album. He never really made another one like this. I think it's one of those love-it-or-hate-it albums... the  drenched-in-sorrow cuts &quot;Autumn&quot;, &quot;This side of the looking  glass&quot;, and &quot;Alice (Letting go)&quot; are possible tear-inducers.  The anger felt on &quot;Betrayal&quot; will touch anyone who has ever felt  betrayed, particularly in a relationship. Absolutely an excellent album,  which does not fit at all with it's harder-edged progressive predecessors,  but rather stands beside them as a different perspective.
B00000IQBN|5.0|Some call this movie boring. They only say that because it moves slow. I think this is the most beautiful movie ever created and its soundtrack is amazing. I will never forget the best scene in movie history, where Redmond  first sees Lady Lyndon. Words cannot describe how great this movie really  is.
068484267X|5.0|Like some reviewers, I found it hard to get past the initial extreme emphasis on poverty. However, poverty is not the point. Hope is the point. Reading this book can be a harrowing experience at times, but is ultimately  a joyful one. Anyone who came away from this book with a sense of dread  missed the point. The story may be sad, but Mr. McCourt writes it with such  beauty and forgiveness that it is a cause for celebration.
0780625129|3.0|American History X is a really good movie, but there is one thing that is terribly wrong with it. If you have'nt seen the movie, don't read the next line. If a character in a movie is also the narrator, that person cannot  die in the movie. In this movie, the narrator does die. Therefore, this  movie isn't the best. It goes against the rules of storywriting and film  making. The movie is good and very well done, but the mistake they made  ruins it.
0449002632|3.0|Having read Edward Rutherford's other two 'place' histories, Sarum and Ruska, I was looking forward to London, his similar treatment of the history of this most civilized city. But I was disappointed by the lack of  continuity in character development. The leaping of centuries between  sections presented a picture of London in a sort of strobe effect with  major changes taking place that then had to be filled in with clumsy  exposition. Each new section brings on a new cast of characters with only  the vaguest relationship to the story of the characters that were presented  before. I enjoy complex fiction that spans generations, but when there are  centuries between the 'stories' there is not enough narrative momentum to  carry the reader forward and characters are cast aside just as one learns  enough about them to care about what happens to them.<br />This approach to  fiction (interlocking narratives that defined the history of a place) is  the one favored by James A. Michner but he was usually careful to provide  more direct continuity of character and family line so that one had at  least a sense of a common story. Rutherford seems to have been less  successful here and it requires a great deal of attention and resolve on  the reader's part to make the jumps and fresh starts necessary to complete  this 800 plus page series of stories. A previous knowledge of English  history and specifically that of the city of London will no doubt help with  context, but the author alone could have provided the continuity of  character without which no plot can be sustained.
B00000J7J4|1.0|Okay, Santana is this old guy who thinks he has some sort of guitar talent.  He feels special now because of his number one album and number one single of 1999...WELL WHO DO YOU THINK CAUSED ALL OF HIS  SUCCESS?   His success is all from the souful song-writing and  lyrical stylings of Rob Thomas.  No other person could have written such a  gorgeous, touching song; Santana tries to play up to Rob's standards but  fails considerably.  The only reason to buy this album is to get the full  version of &quot;Smooth.&quot;  However, I do not recommend doing so  because by buying the single, you help Billboard sales and the only thing  missing is some of the terrible guitar playing of Santana.  If you like  &quot;Smooth,&quot; buy matchbox20's album &quot;Yourself or Someone Like  You&quot; and wait with me for their new album early next year!  I gave the  one star for Rob Thomas only!  Long live King Rob Thomas :)
038533348X|5.0|I first read Cat's Cradle on trip through Illinois heading for Chicago. I started laughing out loud almost immediately and the others in the car had to hear the 'funny part'. Soon I was reading the whole book out loud and  all of us were laughing our heads off constantly. This remains for me the  best example of Vonnegut's use of black humor to make a serious point. The  characters and plot line are as original as anything he ever wrote and the  humor is still as fresh as ever. This is wonderful, hard edged writing, a  kind of modern day Jonathan Swift tale that mingles science, religion,  philosophy, political upheaval and human nature at its most extreme. The  book keeps us laughing and leaves us thinking.
B000031XCR|5.0|I have been a fan every scince your 1989 CANADIAN albumn to the 1990 cross over english albumn with UNISON. I  had to purshace three of those albumns I kept wearing them out, I just could not quit listening to it and so as  the others. But the other thing I am sending my wishes is I know the true  story behind RENE how you too met and the story behind his managment to the  wonderful story behind the too of you finding TRUE LOVE.AND MY THOUGHTS ARE  WITH YOU AND HIM AND SO ARE MY PRAYERS. I even ran up my phone bill up to  1,700.00 dollars to try my best to leave a personal message with someone  whom I know would give to you and of course it was before I purchased the  AOL,NET.But I do enjoy you RENE and your talents and look foreward to  seeing you again in CHARLOTTE N.C where I have seen every time you have  come and saved every ticket stubb.I hope and pray that god will be beside  the both of you so we, your, I mean I,hope that all of your career and life  can hope to see a little RENE or a CELINE TO continue the beautiful  generation with the too of your bonds. And I still pray till this day for  the tragic of loss with the beautiful of the little girl in your family you  dedicated the song to.If you are ever around 121 FAULKENBERRY RD. ROCK-HILL  S.C 29730 where I am from which is only 25 minuts from CHARLOTTE N.C. let  me know and I would love to give you my wishes in person.Take very ,very  good care of the both of you and your families and happy holidays and I am  looking foward to seeing you in the knew year contest.Love always SHEILA  BLACKWELL.
B000000IVI|5.0|From beginning to end, this album just won't quit. While it all is bluesy, there are extreme rock jams and several great slower songs as well.  Several songs made it to the airwaves, too.  But if you go beyond those,  the real treats await.  I love the wind effects that form the seque from  Bridge of Sighs into In This Place; a really seemless transition.  I love  the way singer/bassist James Dewar sings along with Trower's guitar line in  The Fool and Me.  And Too Rolling Stoned is actually two great songs in  one. It starts with a driving bass, reaches its peak, and cruises home  languidly with liquid Trower guitar.  In my opinion, one of the best power  trios ever.
0395389496|5.0|The Polar Express is undoubtedly one of my daughter and my favorite books - especially at Christmas!  The story is wonderful and uplifting.  The illustrations are beautiful.  It has become a classic with our family to  read every year - even though my 5 year old is now 14!  The cassette tape,  narrated by William Hurt, and the silver bell that accompanied her gift set  many years ago was the icing on the cake.
B00002MZ12|3.0|It was way to early for Alanis to do an Unplugged, not enough material to back her up. The high points of this album are the songs No Pressure (that she performed during her '95/'96 tour)and the cover of King of Pain. You  Learn, Ironic, and That I Would Be Good sound flat, she messes up during  the second chorus in Joining You, Princes Familiar and These R the Thoughts  were written for SFIJ but were left off, and for good reason. The two songs  do not hold up well and should stay B-side material, they have no place  here. Songs like You Oughta Know, I was Hoping and Head Over Feet were  already released live/ acoustic for B-sides and were performed with much  more emotion. Over all, the album is alright, but nothing special. Great  for Alanis Fans, but I cant see this bringing anyone new into her audience.
B000003S5H|4.0|A great album, wonderfully produced and dreamy. I put this on when its raining outside...<br />Air has created a lush soundscape bringing in slow, deep mogs and simple drum beats. Not one song is off track on this ablum...  there is a song for every part of a single night. You can put this on as  you go for a midnight drive, or as you sleep.   My favorite tracks are,  &quot;All I Need&quot; &amp; &quot;You Make it Easy&quot;. I love the  female vocals.<br />If you like Solar Twins, Squarepusher's &quot;Budakhan  Mindfone&quot;, Underworld or Sneaker Pimps... you need to get this CD.
B000000W5B|3.0|When trashing Goats Head Soup-- easy to do, considering the genius of their previous four studio albums-- we sometimes forget the gems that really shine in the otherwise bleak aural landscape. Remember, Mick was  caught up in the Bianca trap, Keith was entering a full-blown heroin  addiction, Mick Taylor was bored senseless, and the zeitgeist of the early  70s made the old Stones' brand of rock and roll (ala Silver Train and  Star**cker) cliche and trite.  Still, listen to Keith's weary vocals-- his  best before and, certainly, since-- on Coming Down Again. If you can't feel  that, brother, you got no soul. Mick T's fluid leads wind around Keith's  voice like lazy smoke around an opium pipe.  Mick's vocal on Winter, at the  same time knowing and childlike, still gives my chills. Mick's written few  songs this beautiful. Here again, Mick Taylor's guitar is a poem.  The rest  of the album is a toss-off.
B000001FS3|5.0|This is a very good album with great songs and no real disapointments. With Or Without You is incredible. This is the best album U2 made in the 80's. I highly recommend it. I also recommend U2's Achtung Baby.
B000000W5B|3.0|When trashing Goats Head Soup-- easy to do, considering the genius of their previous four studio albums-- we sometimes forget the gems that really shine in the otherwise bleak aural landscape. Remember, Mick was  caught up in the Bianca trap, Keith was entering a full-blown heroin  addiction, Mick Taylor was bored senseless, and the zeitgeist of the early  70s made the old Stones' brand of rock and roll (ala Silver Train and  Star**cker) cliche and trite.  Still, listen to Keith's weary vocals-- his  best before and, certainly, since-- on Coming Down Again. If you can't feel  that, brother, you got no soul. Mick T's fluid leads wind around Keith's  voice like lazy smoke around an opium pipe.  Mick's vocal on Winter, at the  same time knowing and childlike, still gives my chills. Mick's written few  songs this beautiful. Here again, Mick Taylor's guitar is a poem.  The rest  of the album is a toss-off.
B000001DTM|5.0|When I first heard this album I thought it was juat plain horrable. I didn't think it compared to Joshua Tree at all. One morning my brother was playing The Fly and I remember thinking how cool it sounded. I gave the  album another chance and I liked it more and more every time I heard it. I  now have every U2 album and let me tell you this one is the best. It's  better than Joshua Tree, it's better than Best Of 1980-1990, and if they  make a Best Of The 90's, Achtung Baby will still be better unless they  include every song from it.  Zoo Station has an intro anyone could  appreciate. Even Better Than The Real Thing is awesome. One is beautiful  with some incredible lyrics. Until The End Of The World is good but to  fully appreciate it you must understand that the song is about Judas  Iscariot's betrayal to Christ(at the begining of the song you can hear  nails being hammered symbolizing Christ being nailed to the cross). Who's  Ganna Ride Your Wild Horses is great with an awesome chorus. So Cruel is a  good song with meaningful lyrics. The Fly is spectacular with the falsetto  singing and a really cool guitar solo. Mysterious Ways is a song you can't  help but to love. Tryin' To Throw Your Arms Around The World is a nice  relaxing tune. Ultraviolet is truly nothing short of incredible. Acrobat is  a deep moving song with incredebly uplifting lyrics. Love Is Blindness is a  slow sad song with a dramatic ending.  This truly is the best album I've  ever heard. There isn't one disapointing song. If you don't have it yet  than I suggest you go get it right now.
0380713802|1.0|From Bryson's descriptions of Swiss people as boring, to racist cracks about gypsies in Italy, I wonder why I am the only reviewer who felt annoyed. (Maybe he should read Isabel Fonseca's &quot;Bury me  Standing&quot; and learn a little about the culture of gypsies. Sure they  can be annoying, but you'd have to be a stupid schlep to get pick-pocketed  as easily as he did) This is one uptight American that I wouldn't want to  travel with. This is a great book for people who like to travel to foreign  countries to rip on other peoples' cultures. A colossal bore.
B000002BQK|5.0|mariah puts so much meaning into her music, and  makes you feel as if she is in the same room as you singing.  she has such beautiful songs, that touch our everyday lives that we can relate to.
6305064490|5.0|This film is a classic, no doubt, and my ALL TIME FAVORITE MOVIE ever.<br />As for the DVD version, doesn't get any better than this.  The movie quality itself if better than any of my VHS Tape versions by a long  shot, the addtional information about the film, actors, etc. is  AWESOME! <br />I love the movie and now I have a verison of it that brings it  all back to me.
0792140923|5.0|this is an amazing movie....if it could be available in DVD DTS format....i would certainly buy it.
6305627401|4.0|The Saddam and Satan scenes were classic, this movie lives up to the original South Park concept (ie &quot;Spirit of Christmas&quot; short film).  I thought it was pretty darn good for an attempt at a full length  film. The only part I didn't like was all of the musical bits (as for that  I am personally biased, some people will love that aspect).  Be careful,  you may find youself spontaneously breaking out singing the &quot;Uncle  Fxxxer&quot; song!
0671004107|5.0|This book is beautiful, stirring, and breathes life into science, religion and life in general.  The overall effect is one of intense and complete humanity.  I recommend this book to anyone who has ever pondered the  meaning of anything.
B00002Z88D|5.0|i just received this from a friend...  i was once in orchestra and i love metallica making this definitely one of my favorite cd's.  this cd is live- metallica encourages the crowd to cheer and sing which definitely adds to  the music... there is a lot of interesting orchestra harmony.  the only  piece i was disappointed in was 'one' which i think is good enough to stand  alone... if you love metallica, get this!  if you have metallica played by  4 cellos or apoclayptica, definitely get this!  its much, much better...   don't get me wrong [i'm a cello player]- i love those cd's too, but a  symphony playing with metallica is just that much better!
B00000DQSS|4.0|Kate's third studio album saw a complete change of direction - a trait which would repeat itself with each subsequent album release to date. Whereas its predecessors, 'Kick Inside' and 'Lionheart', were released in  quick succession and inevitably sounded similar, 'Never for Ever' was a sea  change - sounding different in terms of vocal nuances and delivery, and  instrumentation.<br />The latter was due in no small part to Kate's discovery  of the Fairlight synthesiser, introduced to her by Richard Burgess,  erstwhile of the now long-forgotten group Landscape. The Fairlight allowed  Kate to experiment with sampling and soundscaping - skills which would be  honed to perfection on her next two releases.<br />'Never for Ever', like  all of Kate's albums, provides its fair share of intense emotional impact.  I guarantee that 'The Infant Kiss' is the most haunting piece of music you  will ever hear - it will send shivers down your spine. Other tracks worthy  of mention include 'Army Dreamers' - Kate's first use of Irish  instrumentation blends beautifully with the sampled 'rifle' percussion.  Likewise, the soundscaping in 'Egypt' and 'Breathing' demonstrated a talent  for sculpting sound which to observers was formidable, but to Kate merely  interesting experimentation.<br />The significance of 'Never for Ever' should  not be underestimated. Not only was it ground-breaking and ahead of its  time, it was also the springboard for the creative forces which would go on  to produce two of the most finely-crafted and intricate recordings of the  modern era, namely 'The Dreaming' and 'Hounds of Love'.
B00000JJM2|5.0|This has got to be the best double cd ever. It is totally worth the money.  Even if you have the soundtrack, you should buy it just for the unreleased version of I've had the time of my life from the movie.  When I listen to  it I relive all the great moments from the movie.  There is not one song on  there that I don't like.  I recommend it to all the dirty dancing fans out  there or some one who just likes good music.
B00000JJM2|5.0|this has got to be the best double cd set ever. Even if you have the soundtrack already, you should get this also.  It is totally worth the investment for the unreleased version of I've Had the Time of My Life from  the movie.  I strongly recomend this cd set to all the Dirty Dancing fans  out there or someone who just likes good music.  This is the ideal  Christmas gift.
0804198969|5.0|The Joy Luck Club is a sensational book.  The lives of mothers and daughters of four families are captured with their stories.  All four of the mothers came to America hoping for better lives for their children.   Not only is this book exciting, but also very heart filling.  Some of them  had hid their grief and past inside of them, because when they tried to  tell their daughters, the daughters wouldn't listen.  And when the  daughters are finally listening, it brings them together.  They understood  each other more, and now, the daughters are just like their mothers.  This  book revealed how the mothers and daughters found each other, and who they  are themselves deep inside.  The best things I like about this book are the  stories.  They're so interesting, because they showed each four of the  women's strength and courage.
0804198969|5.0|The Joy Luck Club is one of the most sensational book I've read.  A book about four Chinese women who came to America hoping their children will have a better life here.  Filled with stories that are exciting and heart  filling.  Also containing mothers and daughters' relationship.  Some of  them had hid their grief and past inside of them, they tried to tell their  daughters, but they just did't understand.  When the daughters are old  enough to understand, it brings their relationship together.  They  understood each other more, and now, the daughters are just like their  mothers.  The best things I like about this book are the stories.  They are  so interesting, because it shows each of the four women's strength and  courage.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Man, this movie ROCKS. The special effects were amazing. Anybody who has not seen this movie should see it. I would reccemmend it to anybody.
0385484518|5.0|This book is probably one of the best Christmas gifts you can give this year. It's a loving story of an old man, who's dying, and a young man chasing the American dream, and finally he's learning the most important  lesson in life. Together with purchasing this book, you may also want to  consider to give another book that also deals with the most important  issues in life, to your sad friends, which is Dietmar Scherf's &quot;I Love  Me: Avoiding and Overcoming Depression&quot; also at Amazon.
068484267X|3.0|Worse than the ordinary miserable memoir is the miserable Irish memoir. I wanted so to like this book. I didn't. The narration seemed somehow dishonest to the memories, through a lens that didn't just cloud them with  gauze, but adulterated them. <br />I was put in mind at the beginning of  Dicken's Mrs. Gammage, who 'feels it more' than anyone else. <br />Self pity  is never pretty. There are so many better writers who have tackled the same  territory.  To be fair, it was not so much the narration of events that  struck me as dishonest, but the characterizations. Memoirs are by their  nature egocentric, but I found this one too maudlin.
B000000OE7|4.0|I am well aware of the fact that a lot of Queen fans like this album the best.  I disagree.  First of all, not all of the stuff on here is new and newly recorded.  I know that &quot;My Life Has Been Saved&quot; and  &quot;Heaven for Everyone&quot; contain old vocals, NOT vocals that were  recorded after Innuendo.  My guess is that &quot;Made In Heaven&quot; (the  song) has vocals that were recorded after Innuendo (Freddie's voice just  sounds like that time period).  My only complaint is that not all of the  songs were &quot;new,&quot; but the ones that were are right near there  with Innuendo.  &quot;Mother Love&quot; was the last song Freddie sang for  the album, and at the end of the song, it plays clips of the band in  concert (my guess is it's clips from Live At Wembley), as if his life is  audibly flashing before our very ears.  All in all, it is a nice album,  just not the best.
1878424114|5.0|If you're looking for a book that will serve as a practical guide about how to become financially successful, this book is NOT for you.  This book's focus is more a philosophical guide on how to accept fate and let go  of events in our lives that we don't necessarily have control over.  For  example, Chopra suggests that after we've done our best to prepare for  success, let go of the final outcome.  If our plans don't work the way we  anticipated, so be it.  He teaches the reader how to accept fate and let  fate serve as a guide to us as far as the direction we need to be taking in  our lives.  Chopra is NOT saying good things in life will come to you if  you only sit on the couch, but provides readers with new ways of thinking  about disappointments, successes, achievements, and failures.  He suggests  that by trying to force too much of our will on the events or people in our  lives, we can actually push out of our reach the very things we desire. I  found this book to be very calming and reassuring.  He reminds us that we,  as humans, are not ultimately in control of our lives, and that there is a  higher power that influences our destiny, whether it be the energy of the  universe or God.  I think each reader can tailor Chopra's philosophies to  their own needs, no matter what their religion.  It just simply takes an  open mind to do so.  If you worry a lot about your future, I think you'll  find this book a reassuring stress-reliever.  Hope this helps!
6300270424|5.0|this movie is laughibly B A D. the music's great but its out of sync with the film at some parts (bad editing). like when in the middle of a song jimmy's guiar magicly changes color.  the dreams are corny but classic. buy  this and the soundtrack together because there are different tracks on  each.  i'm waiting for the dvd.
0385484518|5.0|this book is amazing.  i recommend it to everyone.  i'm only 21 and it hit me hard.  i actually had to read it for a class and am so glad that i did, that i bought 4 copies to give away as christmas presents!
079073804X|5.0|This movie is very scary!   Made in the mid 70's, it does not use a lot of special effects.  Instead, it relies on the viewer's intellect.  There is also an ACTUAL story to it (unlike most films these days)!  Whereas the  material may be somewhat controversial (a 12 year-old girl becomes possesed  and appears to become slightly demon-ized, with all the fun to go along  with that), it is well-written.  If you have a Horror Movie fanatic, this  one will definitely quench their appetite!   Not a movie for kids.  As a  side note, I find the lack of musical instrumentation (for mood-setting) an  almost eerier (is that a word?)  effect.  Enjoy!
B000002KP3|5.0|Although I was born around the same time it was produced, Electric Warrior is the soundtrack for my life right now.  I first heard his bitter-sweet voice in the Velvet Goldmine movie and rushed out to find out who he was.   I am a big Bowie fan, and I believe he sounds like the young elf-like  Bowie. The only thing I don't like about this album is that I hadn't  discovered it earlier in my life (think of all those wasted years!).  Also,  try making love to this album, it will be fabulous. The songs are tender  yet naughty. If you enjoy Electric Warrior, try The Slider.
0805047905|1.0|I was really disappointed in this book.  Especially since I really liked other books by this author.  Storytime is my childrens favorite time of the day and this simple repetetive non-rhyming book is never first choice.
0345350499|5.0|I was at first reluctant to begin this book.  Having glanced at it from the side, I shivered at it's immense size.  It is 876 pages to be exact.  After the first few lines I was hooked.   Marion Zimmer bradley is an  amazing writer.  She grips you from the first moment and keeps you  interested the whole way through.  I am fascinated by the poetry of her  words and her smoothly carried plot line.  The Mists of Avalon is well  worth the effort. I recommended it to all my friends!  Morgaine, Igraine,  Gwenyfar, Morgause, Nimue, Ninaine, Raven, Elaine, as well as the others  will never leave my mind as the true heroes of the Arthurian legends.
076780421X|4.0|I guess the reason that I liked the movie so much is I'm also in a cross cultural relationship with a hispanic woman.  So I had my eyes wide open for anything I may have encountered.  The movie was dead on perfect from  the hot hispanic temper to the gentle love shown by Isabelle.  The weekly  family dinner where Alex was so warmly welcomed is also something that I  have experienced.  I will watch and have watched this movie over and over.   Hispanic women are the bomb.  And so was Salma in this flick.
B000031XCR|1.0|I'm at a total lost for words.
6304508611|1.0|my life is horror movies, although lots of nudity and a good story the acting was bad
B000031XCR|5.0|celine dion is blessed with one of the most beautiful, recogizable voices in the world. i have found more hope, and more inspiration, in her music, than any other artist. this cd is a collection of not only some of her best  work to have been released as singles, but the new material ranks right up  there with all of her classics. i couldn't wait to get home to hear how she  handled &quot;the first time ever i saw your face&quot;, and i was just  floored by it. &quot;if walls could talk&quot;, &quot;then you look at  me&quot; and &quot;live&quot; would be enought to make this cd a greatest  hits package all by themselves. sure, she's over-the-top sometimes, but she  does it better than anyone. i love this cd!
0026009102|5.0|I read this book a few years ago, but I still remember, after reading the first twenty pages or so, looking up from the book and realizing that I was reading fiction.  Every word I had read seemed so true that I almost forgot  this was a book, and that I was not Roark.  For years before I read the  book, I had always wondered whether or not there were others like me, but  after those twenty pages, I knew.        I shake my head in disbelief when  I read the other reviews that say Roark was cold, without feeling.  I  remember feeling the same soulfulness that Roark must have felt for his  art.  A central theme of this book is that one's art and self cannot be  created for (by) others, or it is not art, or a self, at all.  It's  interesting that Objectivism goes hand-in-hand with creative art, which  seems a much more subjective activity.  I can't explain it, but as soon as  I discovered true music (way back in Middle School), my life took a very  Objectivist turn.  I don't know everything about Objectivism (time prevents  me from reading much), but after reading the Fountainhead, I felt that I  would fit under the 'objectivist' title quite well.  Even though, today I  just use the title 'Brian.'  I don't feel any need to learn more about Ayn  Rand's philosophy, since I already have my own mind.  That would be like  reading the Khoran [sic] to find out I don't believe in that religion  either.  I don't have time, and for someone who already forms his own  beleifs, I don't think it necessary to read why Rand thinks capitalism is  great.  I would love to read Atlas Shrugged, however, because I like  fiction, and believe that is where Ayn's strength is (in her self-art).   But I digress.  The Fountainhead is a masterpiece by a true artist, about  art.  The book is obviously a work of the heart and soul.      I suggest to  anyone that feels alone against the prevailing trends and social ideals of  the world, and has a surge in their breast that tells them to create and behappy, to read this book.  It will only take a few pages to realize that  you are not the only one out there.  You may be so drawn into the book as I  was, that you start to take the fiction for fact.  For example, I was  scared for the sake of others (wait a minute... I'm supposed to be an  egoist) when I found out that it can be too late for a person to find  happiness (i.e. when _____ showed his try at 'art' to Roark).  I took that  as fact, because all the rest of the book seemed to be true.  I supppose  Rand may have had more insight (or more like 'outsight') into the matter as  I do, but I still hope for everyone that hasn't found true happiness, that  it is not true.  If you haven't found true happiness, I suggest trying this  book, and trying to find your self-art.  (Also listen to a good helping of  Devin Townsend's music.)
0671027344|5.0|I enjoyed this book so much, I read it in one sitting. This book focuses on the main character, Charlie.  You never know his last name, where he lives exactly, who he is writing to, but at the  end, these things make the book more powerfull.  Charlie is coping with his  friend's death, when he meets two seniors, Patrick and Samantha, who just  happen to be step-siblings.  I won't ruin the book, but I will say, there  is some colorful language, although nothing you haven't heard before. I  would recommend this to anyone.
014028009X|4.0|To say Bridget Jones is the literary Ally McBeal... well, it's just not right. Bridget Jones is firmly grounded in the real world of feminine insanity where Ally is more of a cartoon. As a male, I can only hope half  of the book is as dead-on with the Singleton as it seems, because it means  that women are definitely the more interesting of the species while men  are, well... this book pretty much nails men, too. I'm a slow reader, but  this is one book that took no time and little effort to read and enjoy.  It's not Jane Austen, but that's not necessarily an insult.
B0000028RR|5.0|If I were only allowed to own five CD's for the rest of my life this would be the first one I would choose.  Tom Morrello is incredible on Guitar, and never before has a band had such politically charged, intelligent, and  thought provoking lyrics.  A must buy CD.
B00000J7J4|1.0|Carlos must be deaf to let this out.  The sound is so compressed that it only sounds good on boom boxes and in cars.  If you have a good quality sound system, you probably won't listen to this disk long.
031218087X|2.0|As far as action books go, this book works but only on a superficial level. The setting is great and the topic is fascinating but his characters are more than wooden they are also &quot;all&quot; unlikeable. Just about  every character in his book lacks the ability to carry on a persuasive  discussion. At just about every turn in the book when a character has to  explain a critical event, that character is usually at a loss for words,  thinking about something else or hushed up by a superior. With the  character unable to explain the critcal event something bad happens or  something good doesnt happen. The author uses this tension building formula  so much thru out his book it turns just about all his characters into  idiots that we end up not even caring about. And believe me, I am not  talking two or three times in the book, I am talking two or three times for  &quot;EACH CHARACTER&quot; in the book. And these character are supposed to  be smart?
6304806418|5.0|As I read the posted customer reviews, I realize how most opinions of the movie are based on the opinion the reviewer has of Madonna. I have seen this musical on broadway 11 times and think Madonna gave an outstanding  performance. One can't compare a live performance to a film. However, the  movie does portray Evita has a caring woman. This element shouldn't have  been changed just to film in Argentina. Madonna has an outstanding voice  for this role and I would like to see her on broadway. Enjoy this for the  movie that it is and don't base your jaded opinions based on Madonna's  reputation. She is EXCELLENT. When she was dying, I felt the pain. Her  version of &quot;Don't Cry for Me Argentia&quot; was tremendous. She has a  strong voice and used it well. Unfortunately, most opinions of the movie  where made before even seeing the movie. These are not reviews but only  authors thoughts of Madonna. Keep up the good work girl, I await your next  endevor.
B00000IPAX|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST ALBUM OF ALL TIME!
6305603847|5.0|The moment DVD was announced with true digital surround sound (be it Dolby Digital 5.1, DTS or MPEG multichannel) it was destined to rejuvenate the music scene that hasn't basically left its one-dimensional straightjacket  since the arrival of the stereo LP. <br />It has been too long a waiting for  new or remastered music (video) productions, but what an incredible reward  'The Wall' brings ! The scale and complexity of the typical Pink Floyd  soundscape rendered in a full-circle panorama provokes a 100 minute  eargasm. <br />If remastering nearly 20 year old material can bring such joy,  try to imagine what new projects specifically developed for the surround  format will bring.<br />5 years from now we will know: 'That was when it all  started. That was when it all began'. Be part of the future. Rush out. Get  this DVD. (Get the hardware to play it on as well). NOW, while it's still  the 1900ths.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Okay, I've read something like 400 of these reviews so I thought I'd speak up. I've been a Santana fan since the early '70's. My personal preference is for Santana's old jazz/rock fusion albums, (e.g.,  &quot;Illuminations&quot;[1974], &quot;Borboletta&quot;[1974],  &quot;Lotus&quot;[1974], and the impossible to categorize,  &quot;Oneness&quot;[1979]). But &quot;Supernatural&quot;[1999] is  definitely Santana's best pop/rock album in at least 12 years  (&quot;Freedom&quot;[1987]) and maybe 28 years (&quot;Santana  III&quot;[1971]). I felt the band's last studio album,  &quot;Milagro&quot;[1992], was too diffuse and self-indulgent to achieve  greatness (despite some fabulous individual tracks).  <br />   I like almost  every track on &quot;Supernatural.&quot; The Latin rock tracks include  &quot;(Da le)Yaleo,&quot; &quot;African Bamba,&quot; &quot;Migra,&quot;  &quot;Corazon Espinado&quot;(featuring Mana), and &quot;Primavera&quot;; in  my opinion, any one of the last 3 of these is worth the price of the CD.  I'd never heard of Lauryn Hill before I bought this album, but I really  love &quot;Do You Like the Way&quot;--I didn't much care for it at first  listen, but it grew on me. &quot;El Farol&quot; is a sweet, passionate sort  of light jazz guitar solo with typical blazing crescendo.  &quot;The  Calling&quot; w/Eric Clapton is decent, but not great--though both  guitarists manage to put out (all-too-brief) moments of sheer wonder. I  don't care much for either &quot;Maria, Maria&quot; w/Product G&amp;B, or  &quot;Wishing It Was&quot; w/Eagle-Eye Cherry. The pop tunes, &quot;Love of  My Life&quot; (featuring Dave Matthews) and &quot;Smooth&quot; (featuring  Rob Thomas) are really great tracks. The dark and brooding alternative rock  track, &quot;Put Your Lights On&quot; (featuring Everlast) simply takes my  breath away. Be sure to wait for the unlisted track after &quot;The  Calling.&quot; <br />   My chief complaint with the album is that Chester  Thompson's keyboard talents are not showcased enough. The percussion  section is given ample room to breathe, especially on &quot;(Da Le)  Yaleo&quot; and &quot;Migra.&quot; <br />   Santana's unique style turns me  into one big goose bump; if the music doesn't do that for you, it's not  Santana's fault and it's not your fault, either. Despite several reviewers'  criticisms about what they perceive as a commercial bent to this album, I  find that commercial bent to be a very positive influence on the band's  music; this is an extremely tight, well-produced CD--kind of a rarity for  Santana. I don't personally see what is so objectionable about an artist  reaching out to a wider audience. The first 3 albums by the original  Santana band were smash hits and, frankly, I think it's great to hear the  band on the radio again with some new music. Anyway, if you find something  sinister or just plain unsatisfactory about a band consciously trying for  commercial appeal, then be forewarned because that is exactly what Santana  and Arista Records set out to do. I think they did a great job.<br />   If you  like this CD, you might want to check out &quot;Moonflower&quot;[1977],  &quot;Zebop!&quot;[1981], &quot;Spirits Dancing in the Flesh&quot;[1990],  or even &quot;Freedom&quot;[1987]; these are some of the better pop/rock  Santana albums, in my opinion.
630416923X|5.0|Hi--I was involved with the concept and production of the &quot;Free As A Bird&quot; video. George Martin is in the video. He's standing next to Paul by a column in the &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; party. Look just after the sitar  player. Billy Preston is not in the piece but Neil Aspinall is. Can you  find him?
B00000K2SC|1.0|&quot;What is a matrix? --We don't know, but we know that it exists&quot;. I can't believe people are buying movies with phrases like that.
0440219078|5.0|ok all you guys who look at these reviews: this book is one I truly enjoyed, but that might not be the same case for others. If you like fiction and you have a great imagination, this book should grow on you. It did for me. Jonas's world reflects the world we all want, at least way in  the depths of our minds. We all want everyone to be equal, but Lois Lowry  shows us what happens (or doesn't happen) because of this sameness. Jonas  has friends, parents, teachers, and siblings just like we all do. The book  follows Jonas through one of the hardest periods of his life, basically  when his real or full and complete life begins. He will make his stand in  the world of his people, and grows up by making extremely difficult choices  all of us are required to make. Reading this book should be based on what  the reader wants, not based on what this or other reviews say. I, like  others, just want to make my point known to all of you. Thank you for  reading this. Do what you want, don't be pressured or swayed by people  other than yourself. Have fun readers!
B00000K2SC|4.0|The Matrix got a 10 in visual appeal, originality, and special effects.  If you love movies based on incredible special effects, you'll love The Matrix.  The action sequences in this movie combine traditional stunt work  with state-of-the-art computer effects.  I was turned off by movies such as  the Phantom Menace and the Star Wars re-makes because much of the computer  animation looks like computer animation.  In The Matrix, even though they  relied heavily on animated effects that are simply impossible in our  physical world, they managed to make it believable.  It helps that the  entire plot is so unbelievable that you buy into the computer-generated  scenes.  My only regret visually, is that I missed this movie on the big  screen.<br />The 10 in originality comes from the mere fact that I've never  seen a movie with this plot.  The hero spends the first half of the movie  trying to figure out which a reality is real.  Unlike most movies with  altered realities, they let the audience learn the truth early.  This  reality is completely different from anything most of the audience will  have seen, but completely believable.<br />The low point of the movie was the  acting.  Once again (being kind) Mr. Reeves will not win an academy award.  Laurence Fishburne stars as the mentor of the rebel group, and is actually  quite convincing.  The highlight in my opinion was Carrie-Anne Moss.  She  is sexy and strong.  Hopefully we will see her again.
0393317552|5.0|As a evolutionary biologist I found Guns, Germs and Steel an excellent read and very thought provoking. As some of the few critics have pointed out, some of his ideas are not new.  What is new is that Diamond was able  to bring all these ideas together and synthesize them into something quite  new and fasinating. The development of human cultures was surely influenced  by geography and environment. Diamond has given an incredibly well thought  out explanation and theory. The book might seem to some a bit long, perhaps  repetitive, but I found it engrossing.  It provoked thought (it now makes  sense why native Americans were so suseptible to European diseases and not  so much the reverse!), overturned my previously held beliefs and meshed  human biology and history very well. A must read for biologists,  historians, and the general public. And as to the rare reviewer who  suggests the book is 'politically correct',  from most of their reviews, I  have gotten the feeling they hate it because it threatens their closely  held world views. All the more reason it deserves the accolades it has  received!
B00000I236|5.0|Here is an action flix  that belongs is everyone's DTD DVD collection. Loaded with action, great acting on all parts, the DTS sound was awe inspiring to say the least. GET IT, YOU&quot;LL LOVE IT!
B0000025F7|5.0|What can anyone say about Michael Joseph Jackson. There has been so much written about him throughout the years there is too much to even read or pay any attention to. I for one have a solution to all of this. Let's for  once give this man his due. I for one can honest say like millions of  others, I grew up listening to this man, and to see him acheive an album  such as this one, is one reason to feel proud and honor him for such a  great piece of work.It is unbeleivable that as we reach the year 2000, this  album still stands the test of time for it's writing, producing,an all-star  cast of musicians and of course it's unbeleivable rhythm and sound. From  beginning to end Off The Wall is a TRULY GREAT ALBUM. While Thriller, Bad  and Dangerous are all great albums in their own right, in my very own  opinion, and I have listened to a lot of Michael and his brothers  throughout the years, AND THIS IS MICHAEL JACKSON'S BEST ALBUM TO  DATE!  This album holds three of my all time favorite songs, two of  which are written by Michael himself, Don't Stop Til' You Get Enough, Off  The Wall and the very underrated I CAN'T HELP IT. While others are writing  about the top 10 hits off of the album, I chose to single out this  particularly beautiful song written by Stevie Wonder himself. This song  takes you places that only all of us who have had that one special love in  our life who consistently stays on your mind. After these past 20 plus  years since this song has been recorded, I still get the same vibes. It is  a truly beautiful orchestration and MJ sings it with such authority that  you know Stevie was PROUD! If you've never heard this song, I urge you to  reach into your pockets and BUY THIS ALBUM!  The very beginning makes you  feel as if you are taking off into Stevie's wonderful loveland, and by the  end you can settle into your lover's lovenest. Some may read this and  wonder why is this guy so crazy about this partcular song? Well I'm here to  tell you there are many songs that have that certain gift that can touch  your heart. Off The Wall has Wall to Wall hits, but I CAN'T HELP IT just  brings it home for me. Oh yes, and of course, let's not forget Mr. Quincy  Jones for his usual always BRILLIANT production. My only hope and wish is  that Michael finds a way to take a note from his sister Janet to not let  your production team get away. Where Janet has found herself a new  recording life with Jam and Lewis for the past 13 years, I really hope MJ  can get back together with Q. Their combination of sheer brilliance was  second to none.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|You know, I bought the first Savage Garden CD only because a friend pointed out that it had &quot;Truly Madly Deeply&quot; on it. But after my first listen I fell in love with their other songs, and waited on pins and  needles for their next album. When I snapped &quot;Affirmation&quot; off  the shelves the day it was released, I was not disappointed. The music  ranges from driving beats and stream-of-consciousness lyrics to sweet  melodic love songs that you can just dream to. It's awesome! I'd recommend  this CD to anyone with a taste for original music (instead of just another  BSB's ripoff)....
B000031XCR|1.0|The Cd is absolutely a rubblish! PLease do not buy it and save your money for charity!  Celine's Style and tone never change and it has already made everyone sick... I recommend those who want this CD to buy Whitney's CD.
0688062334|5.0|For me, Howl's Moving Castle is without doubt one of the best books on earth - by one of the best authors.<br /> Not only does it include one of Diana Wynne Jones' most intriguing and imaginative plots, some of her best hilarious, witty humour, AND a whole new brilliant parallel world, it ALSO  has one of history's most attractive males,who can only be likened in terms  of desirability to Aragorn or Faramir in &quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot;,  which is saying something.  Howl becomes even more gorgeous everytime I  read the book, of which I become more fond on each re-reading.   Without  giving any plot away, two people in this book I think can only be compared  in their enduring popularity to Elizabeth and Darcy! <br />  The action is  fast,the supporting charecters are great and strangely familiar, the  heroine you can really relate to, and Calcifer a charecter not to be  missed.<br />  Anyone with a sense of humour please read this endearing  multi-faceted novel. <br />  Please excuse all my gush gush and silly  vocabulary, but it really is a great book!
0671027344|4.0|This book was a great read.. really captured the spirit of the teenage narrator. Anyone who is, or has, or has ever been a teenager can surely identify with the characters in this book.  You can almost taste the  &quot;adolescent angst&quot;. It is a story that makes you sit down when  youre done with each chapter, and just say, ahhhh, memories!  Very well  written. I look forward to Chbosky's other works, as this was a pleasant  surprise!
B00000JPYQ|5.0|This expanded album contains two bonus tracks from supposedly Cleveland and Youngstown, OH (Hot N Ready &amp; Cherry).  Funny thing is the opening line says Hello Chicago...and then the song from Youngstown comes in.  Who  cares though!  Along with Frampton Comes Alive and Thin Lizzy's Live &amp;  Dangerous this may be the finest live recording of any band (why can't they  do that these days?).  This may be my favourite album of all time and  hearing some of the additional banter from Phil Mogg is hilarious (i.e. our  corset album? ).  Non-fans won't care but then UFO has always been that  acquired taste that ages like the finest wine. Tops!
B00000IQBL|5.0|I SAW THIS MOVIE AND I THOUGHT IT WAS GOOD. IT FIRST STARTS OUT IN BOOTCAMP THEN IN VIETNAM. THIS MOVIE HAS A LITTLE BIT OF EVERYTHING LIKE M-16'S,M-60'S,AK-47,SNIPER RIFLES AND TANKS AND BLOOD AND GUTS. I HIGHLY  RECOMEND THAT YOU BUY THIS MOVIE FOR SOMEONE WHO HAS BEEN IN VIETNAM. IT  WOULD MAKE A GOOD GIFT.------MATT TATTI
0194314219|5.0|This is THE DICTIONARY I have been using for about a decade now.  I love it so much that I recently bought another copy of it (the hardcover version).  So now I own two copies of the current version (one for home,  one for office) and a copy of the previous version.
6300214435|5.0|I saw this movie at a special preview in the dark.  It was great to watch at the movie theater with the surroundsound speakers.  I don't know how Stephen Speilberg does it, but he did it up big in this movie.  The scene  in the mining shaft was pure magic, only Speilberg and Industrial Light and  Magic could have pulled that one off.<br />This was the controversial movie  that made the movie ratings guys change the scale.  It was rated PG-13; a  new rating.  The scene were the heart is a snatched out of a person and is  still beating in the hand of a evil killer is terrific.  It is bloody,  gutsy and it looked so realistic; boy what a joy ride.  The majority of  this movie is death-defying; and Steven Speilberg is afraid of heights,  they say.  I think this is one if his best movies to day; even with  Jurassic Park.  <br />This is the second scariest movie I have ever seen, the  first being The Birds, (Alfred Hitchcock).  The scene were Kate Capshaw was  going up and down over that volcano, scared the heck out of me.  I just  knew they were going to drop her.  I didn't eat BBQ'd anything for weeks  after watching this movie.  I couldn't bring myself to do it.  You talk  about suspenseful, you better know it.  It is one joy ride after another,  Stephen outdid himself with this one.
B00000DRA9|5.0|This is one of my favorite soundtracks along with Labrynth!  The music hear just takes me back to Fantasia.  Now we all have seen or heard about the movie.  My favorite song would be the Title Song.  There is just some  magic about it that wisks you away.  I also like the Ivory Tower.  That one  also just takes me away to Fantasia.  Try listening to it above and decide  for yourself if it does or doesn't take your imagination away.  Two thumbs  up or 5 stars and a half.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This CD is so SMOOTH!  (sorry I could not resist). It has a little something for everyone. Smooth is one of the best songs I've heard in a long time. This may be the best CD to come out all year. You'll like it no  matter what kind of music you're into, because of all the guest stars...  Dave Matthews, Everlast, the guy from Matchbox 20, Wyclef. I really don't  like Matchbox 20 that much but Rob Thomas has done the best thing I've ever  heard him do right here on this album. The Everlast song is awesome. Carlos  Santana's guitar playing ties all the different styles together so that  even though there are lots of different things on here, there is some unity  too.
0385484518|5.0|This book is the true definition of an inspiration.  It taught me many valuable lessons that I hope to one day pass on to my children.  I constantly quote Morrie and love his philosophies on everything from dying  to love.  I recommend this book to people of all ages that have ever had a  teacher that you admired.  It is a must read!
B000002J09|5.0|This was a really great CD.  I especially liked the Battle of Evermore and Stairway to Heaven.  I am also a big J.R.R. Tolkien fan.  If you have ever read The Lord of the Rings, you will notice that some of teh songs contain  lyrics and stories from these books, That made the CD very interesting
0783226837|5.0|I know Val &amp; Earl, the lead chracters in &quot;Tremors&quot;. I played country music professionaly for 10 years and Val &amp; Earl  were at every show. I've ridden in their truck, I've shot their guns, I've watched them  fight and make up and I'm proud to call them friends. As you can guess I  don't really know Val &amp; Earl but the characters brought to life by Fred  Ward and Kevin Bacon are a tribute to the superb ability that these actors  have. My brother and I have watched &quot;Tremors&quot; many times and each  time can't get past the dead-on portrayal of these two guys. Mannerisms,  body language, speech patterns, I saw it all and lost sight of the fact  that Fred Ward and Kevin Bacon were playing roles. &quot;Tremors&quot;  presents a vehicle of such reality in all the character portayals that  believing in the existence of the giant worms isn't such a stretch. It's  almost as if these were your friends telling you a fantastic story about  what happened to them. The naturalness of all the players and the remote  setting lend themselves the suspension of disbelief that is so necessary to  any fantastic story. Also the fact that not every question is answered  makes it seem much more plausible. Much applause goes to all involved for  presenting a tale of terror that doesn't rely on gore as its core, a story  with great humor that doesn't need to turn &quot;blue&quot; to reach you,  and a fable of misadventure in modern life that doesn't leave you depressed  and hopeless. Watch it... It's fun!
B000023VR6|4.0|Dre has once again created a classic. How could people say he fell off when he hasn't made anything since The Chronic. One listen to 2001 and you will know that Dre still has it.
0783226837|5.0|I know Val &amp; Earl, the lead chracters in &quot;Tremors&quot;. I played country music professionaly for 10 years and Val &amp; Earl  were at every show. I've ridden in their truck, I've shot their guns, I've watched them  fight and make up and I'm proud to call them friends. As you can guess I  don't really know Val &amp; Earl but the characters brought to life by Fred  Ward and Kevin Bacon are a tribute to the grasp of reality the  scriptwriters have and the superb ability of these two actors. My brother  and I have watched &quot;Tremors&quot; many times and each time can't get  past the dead-on portrayal of these two guys. Mannerisms, body language,  speech patterns, We watch it all and every time lose sight of the fact that  Fred Ward and Kevin Bacon are playing roles. &quot;Tremors&quot; presents a  vehicle of such reality in all the character portayals that the  believability of the rest of the story line becomes a non-issue. It's as if  these were your friends telling you a fantastic story about what happened  to them. The superb writing and natural presentaions by all the players as  well as the  remote setting lend themselves the suspension of disbelief  that is so necessary to any fantastic story. Also the fact that not every  question is answered makes it seem much more life-like. Great applause is  deserved by all involved for presenting a tale of terror that doesn't rely  on gore as its core, a story with great humor that doesn't need to turn  &quot;blue&quot; to reach you, and a fable of misadventure in modern life  that doesn't leave you depressed and hopeless. Watch it... It's great fun!  PS. When you see Val &amp; Earl tell 'em Bob wants his Hank Jr. tape back.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This was one of the best sci-fi movies I've ever seen.  I've seen it about 4 times so far since I have the movie on tape.  The movie has a stellar cast and what I really liked is the fact the movie had a storyline with as  much punch as the special effects.  I highly recommend this movie!
B000006U44|5.0|For all the people out there that do not have this yet: get it now! This is the TRUE original, classic masterpiece, that paved the way for many (female) artists of the past 25 years. Great melodies, great lyrics, SUPERvoice....
0385493800|3.0|I've been reading Grisham for a while now, I have most of his books at home but I can't agree with some other reviews on this pages that this is his best book ever.<br />I did like the story, good build-up and he keeps you  guessing (as usual) what's going to happen. But I do find the actual end a  bit disappointing, I missed the kind of 'twist' most of his other books  seem to end with...
6303965415|5.0|I was entranced during this entire film.  Yes, the dialogue is sometimes fast and hard to understand, but staying with it reaps great rewards.  I loved the cast.  It is so refreshing to watch a film with &quot;real&quot;  people as actors, not the famous faces we see everyday.  The setting and  costume transported me back in time, and the subtle ways the characters  looked at each other was priceless. I can't say enough about this film.
B0000028RR|4.0|This is perhaps one of the most politically active and controversial bands on the scene today.  I just recently got the first CD having owned &quot;Evil Empire&quot; and &quot;The Battle of Los Angeles&quot;.  This CD  contains examples of the heavy influence of hip hop and musical hints of  the masterful melodies that were to come.  Tom Morello on the Guitar is  perhaps one of the most brilliant of his kind.  The drum and bass lines are  alternately smooth and  forceful. Great tracks like &quot;Bullet in the  Head&quot; and &quot;Take the Power Back&quot; are among the better, and  the lyrics are always printed on the liner, so you can decipher the  sometimes, apparent mush coming out of your speaker.  I must say though, I  was irritated that the lyrics to one of their most well known songs,  &quot;Killng in the Name&quot; did not have lyrics written in the liner.   The lyrics are simple but some parts are indeciperable, so It loses a half  a star. A must have for committed fans, but if you like something a little  closer to mainstream with a chorus, check out their later work.
B000023VR6|2.0|Apparentely those beats he's supposively perfecting aren't on this album.  Over half the albums beats sound the same.  I don't know why Dre calls this his album, 15 damn people are featured on every song.  Pulling a Master  P?   If I didn't know better, I would say that this album was strictly  made to make money, riding on the success of the chronic.  He only raps by  himself for ONE song, and it's kind of weak.  Getting sick of all these  whack producers putting out 20 albums a year and all the suckers that go  out and buy them (i.e. Cash Money and No Limit.)  I suggest to purchase the  real stuff, Outkast, Black Eyed Peas, Jurassic 5.  Don't buy the album,  you'll hear the only two good songs of the ablum on the radio soon enough.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage hits the airwaves again with it's most ecclectic, and driving sounds and lyrics to date.  This is by far my favorite album, as the band has again, grown in experience and style,and continue to evolve with every  record.  This is the true mark of any revolution, particularly a musical  one.  Tom Morello, Harvard Political Science Grad, amazes us once again  with his stellar, insane guitar playing, especially the solo on the track  &quot;Guerilla Radio&quot;.  Zach de la Rocha comes again with wicked text  (available in the liner notes) that hits home.  The variance of this album  keeps it from dragging.  From &quot;Guerilla Radio&quot; and &quot;Mic  Check&quot; to the more subtle &quot;Ashes in the Fall&quot; rage continues  its sonic assult in the &quot;decade of sound above ground&quot;.  This is  a must have for a Rage fan, or a good experience who may have not liked the  constant harsh sounds of the former albums.  Rage has mellowed somewhat in  sound.  But that is only so they can scream the message louder.  Great.
B000002UEB|5.0|THIS CD IS SIMPLY AWESOME-INCREDIBLE STORY LINE. IT HAS ALOT OF POWER - LETS FACE IT- THE BAND REALLY GETS INTO THEIR MUSIC.  5 STARS+++
B00000J7J4|5.0|i loved this cd. Smooth is the best song in the whole world. Santana and rob thomas make a good team. Keep up the good work guys.
B000002UV9|5.0|THIS CD IS JUST INCREDIBLE! QUEENSRYCHE'S TALENT GOES FROM THE POWER OF &quot;EMPIRE&quot; TO THE BEAUTY OF THE MOST AWESOME BALLAD OF ALL TIME &quot;SILENT LUCIDITY&quot;. 5 STARS+++. GEOFF TATE HAS THE MOST INCREDIBLE  VOICE I HAVE EVER HEARD!
068484267X|5.0|This is a very interesting book, it make us think that the poverty, misery, alcoolism are an important problem, and the children are the principal victims. The author wrote us with an simple language, making easy  understand the circunstances where the subject happened.
B000002O5L|5.0|Every song on this album should have been a single. My favorite song on the album is &quot;Feel A Whole Lot Better&quot;. Free Fallin' and I Won't Back Down were singles and were favorites of the late 80's and early 90's.  Its hard to believe that this album is already 10 years old as it still  sounds new. If you are looking for a first &quot;Tom Petty&quot; album, I'd  recommend this one or his &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; as that is also a very  good album.
B0000009TK|5.0|This album has more magic moments than almost any post-1976 Zappa album. The band is great and plays with much inspiration, on an excellent selection of Zappa classics, from his vast output of classics.  Some of  Zappa's 1980s stuff had seemed a bit routine, but the sparks were really  flying in this group.  The jazz musicians in the group took the music to  another level without leaving the foundation of the compositions behind.  I  have played this album numerous times without getting tired of it.
B000001EHS|5.0|If you want all of Def's best known songs with a few new ones, buy this terrific album. You can't go wrong with classics like Photograph, Animal, Pour Some Sugar On Me, and Let's Get Rocked. The new songs are not quite as  good as the older stuff but they are still good. <br />This album works good  during a workout as it is all energy and keeps you motivated with great  guitar and drum beats. This album kicks a** and I highly recommend it as a  workout album or to listen to anytime you need a boost of energy!
B000002MTU|1.0|Clapton is our undisputed guitar god - but not on this disappointing collection. With this release he was all over the TV questioning (challenging?) whether or not he, in fact, had &quot;the right&quot; to  play the blues. On this album, he tries, but fails. &quot;I'm Tore  Down&quot; is &quot;open mike night&quot; caliber at best. If it weren't  Clapton, it would never have reached our ears. Eric Clapton DOES reach an  almost unattainable height of blues guitar on &quot;The London Howlin' Wolf  Sessions&quot; (Chess/MCA Records [CHD-9297]). Maybe beng in the presence  of Howlin' Wolf brought out his best, but you won't hear better BLUES  guitar from Clapton than on this exquisite album (which includes Steve  Winwood, Bill Wyman, &amp; Charlie Watts). Buy &quot;...Sessions&quot; if  you want to hear GREAT blues work from our hero Clapton. Otherwise, his  best work is in rock n' roll. I think &quot;From The Cradle&quot; sets a  low standard in blues guitar from any era.
B000002UAF|4.0|To the idiot that said the Beatles &quot;stuck&quot; to a style...have you listened to their work? Unclog your ears and listen to the R&amp;B influences(Got To Get You Into My Life), Rockabilly(What Goes On, I'm A  Loser), Psychedelia(Tomorrow Never Knows), Power Pop(Hard Days Night,  Ticket To Ride), Heavy Metal(Helter Skelter), Ballads(Yesterday, If I  Fell). HOW MUCH MORE STYLE DO YOU WANT? <br />As far as Hard Days Night goes,  it's the first in the Beatles &quot;Power Pop&quot; era. George Harrison  practically invented the use of the 12 string Rickenbacker electric in  rock, a style later picked up by Pete Townshend, Roger McGuin, and Tom  Petty, to name a few. He demonstates his virtuosity on this album(I wish he  hadn't given it up so quickly...I loved that sound). In fact, it's George's  guitar playing that means the most to me on this very inspiring recording.  The melodies, harmonies, and songwriting are all first rate. <br />Yes, the  lyrics are about boy-girl relationships. Who the hell cares? Would you  rather sing about death, taxes, and the reality of life?<br />My preference is  for the later Beatles material, from Rubber Soul on, but this is the best  of their early period, sans some of the songs on Beatles for Sale.
B000002KO1|5.0|To think that this jewel of an album was released almost twenty years ago during the dark days of disco/Styx/Foreigner/Journey. A macho, guy band fronted by a woman, no less.  This release heralded a renaissance of clean,  honest, straight ahead rock, without the vulgarity of punk.  This album  features Chrissy's signature vocal styling, Honeyman-Scott's melodic and  uniquely inventive guitar work (he will re-incarnate as a Beach Boy), great  songwriting, a pulsating bass/backbeat, with the occasional whiff of a  wired Bo Diddely.  Martin Chambers' energy &amp; drive on this and future  Pretenders' albums is exceptional. There is not a dead moment on this album  as it is one of the few releases of the time to which you can both sing and  dance. Special mention - &quot;Stop your sobbing&quot; sounds as if it were  produced by Phil Spector, &quot;Mystery Achievement&quot; - minimalist  brilliance, &quot;Kid&quot; - accessible pop. Magnificent accomplishment by  a band, whose members paid a steep price for their success, in two  instances, the ultimate price.
B000002UB6|4.0|How can any record that contains the songs &quot;Let It Be,&quot; &quot;The Long and Winding Road,&quot; &quot;Get Back,&quot; &quot;Two of Us,&quot; &quot;For You Blue,&quot; &quot;Dig a Pony,&quot; &quot;I, Me,  Mine,&quot; and &quot;I've Got A Feeling,&quot; rate any less than four  stars? By gosh, this is a great album. It's not up to the Beatles  masterpiece standards, but it's still very good, much better than most of  their conteporaries.<br />To those who think that Ringo couldn't play drums,  listen to this record. Most of it was recorded live. Ringo had, and still  has, great chops.
0385486804|4.0|Since I didn't read all the other reviews, I don't know if anybody else noticed that one big, if not the main, motivation for McCandless' journey was to exact a kind of 'I'll show you' revenge on his parents, especially  his father.  At the same time I wondered about parents that would allow  their son to disappear without making a concerted effort to find out what  had happened to him, especially when they seemed financially able to do so  (or did I miss that part? -- for a contrast, read Gone boy : a walkabout,  by Gregory Gibson -- talk about a father who loved his son).  In some  respects his parents seemed like materialistic workaholics so I don't  completely blame him for turning his back on them, but in a way he was  playing right into their game.  If he'd wanted to live in the wilderness  and discover himself, he could have done it without being so egotistical  and foolhardy (granted, some of that may have been due to his youth and  personality-type) and he could and should have been more appreciative of  the genuine concern and help offered by the strangers he met along his way.   Maybe he was too young and self-absorbed to see that they were travellers  in life's journey just as much as he was.  Had he valued his own life more  (and deep-down I don't think he did), he might have survived and then spent  his time helping kids or others less fortunate than himself or trying to  save the wilderness that he claimed to love so much.  In a way this story  shows how someone can be overwhelmed by their own ego and that can have  tragic consequences.  In any case, it was an intriguing albeit depressing  book, but definitely worth reading.
B000002UAX|5.0|I'm sick of hearing about all of the &quot;filler&quot; on the White Album. Sure, the Beatles could have deleted ten or more songs.<br /> As McCartney said on Anthology , &quot;it's the bloody Beatles White  Album...shut up!&quot;
0345350472|5.0|Philip K. Dick believes his scrawl, and it definitely comes across to the reader. A very believeable tale that is written with tremendous conviction. &quot;Do Androids...&quot; is one of the best Sci-Fi books ever written --  just behind Frank Herbert's DUNE.
B000002J09|2.0|What's the big deal? Where are the melodies, the harmonies, the hooks?<br />Want a real album? Put down your joint and by &quot;Revolver&quot; by the Beatles.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This is the Best damn CD I've bought in a LONG time, WELL worth the money. There're a mix of killer lyrics and awesome guitar! If you like Korn and don't mind explict lyrics in almost ALL the songs you will LOVE Slipknot! I  listen to them every day. Every song is great, too! All the tracks are  great. Buy this CD RIGHT NOW! It's well worth your money!
B000002UAI|3.0|When the Beatles recorded this album, they'd been touring with little or no break. The boys obviously didn't have time to write enough material for a &quot;proper&quot; Beatles album, so they pulled out some old  standards.<br />The originals are very good, with the rockabilly influence  coming through clearly. Songs like &quot;I'm A Loser, &quot;Baby's in  Black,&quot; and &quot;Eight Days A Week&quot; still stand up today. It's  the covers that I have a problem with. &quot;Mr. Moonlight&quot; is quite  possibly the worst Beatles song ever recorded, and I have to think that  Lennon got a laugh out of playing a joke on everyone. &quot;Rock and Roll  Music&quot; was never one of my favorite Chuck Berry tunes.<br />Three stars  is the best that I can give this one.
B0000028UK|5.0|first ,i must tell that i'm Thai and i don't speak  English well ,so i'm sorry if there are many mistakes in my words.   this album changed me to started to listen to English song ,i borrowed this album cassette from my  friend and then i really like their songs i bought every albums of them  that i can find ,the singer,Eddie Vedder has influence to me ,i like his  voice and all of their songs ,Pearl jam is my favourite band.
0783225849|5.0|I own the movie &quot;Psycho&quot;.  Being a movie buff, I wouldn't want to be without it.  It has to go down as one of the most technically brilliant films ever made, as well as entertaining.  Made on an  uncharacteristically low budget by the master of suspense himself, Alfred  Hitchcock, it was a bold directorial move, as Hitchcock was aging, and,  frankly, many in the industry had already written him off as having passed  his peak.  He proved critics and naysayers wrong, with this, his most  shocking film.  I'm sure you all know the story by now, but in case you  don't, here it is in a nutshell:  Girl steals money, hides out in  mysterious motel run by mysterious innkeeper with a sick old  &quot;mother&quot;, then she has an attack of conscience and decides to  return the money and face the consequences.  Until...<br />On a technical  scale, Hitch used his minimal budget as a means to draw on atmospheric  effect by filming in shadow much of the time, and his utilization of  startling camera angles with a quick-cut approach to editing reached its  apex in one of the most famous scenes in movie history...the SHOWER SCENE.   This film should be required viewing for all wanna-be film enthusiasts.   It's one of the best movies ever made, and Anthony Perkins turns in a truly  fascinating performance as Norman Bates.
B000001Y16|5.0|This album is one of the best that he or any other rap artist ever made. Personally I think it wiped out Biggie's Ready to Die or Life After Death. It certainly shows why he is the best rapper ever.
6305426651|3.0|Having written an initial review of Life is Beautiful in rather a hurry (LiB is really rather glib, 26 November 1999), I would now like to make some additional (and final) comments to justify my arguments. Please note that I am not an absolute detractor (three stars!); instead, I wish  critically to examine those aspects that I find questionable.<br />Many of the  film's supporters claim that LiB is not about the holocaust, but rather a  father's love for his son. However, this line of argumentation is too  easily used to ward off criticism of questionable aspects, e.g., many  supporters of Pulp Fiction claim that their film is essentially about honor  and redemption, and not (just) crime and violence. This doesn't prevent  Tarantino's depiction of crime and violence from being (deservedly)  extremely controversial. LiB is still essentially about a Jewish man who  ends up in a concentration camp with his wife and son, i.e., it is a  holocaust story. Naturally, the father-son relationship is to the fore, but  the holocaust itself is crucial to the film's context.<br />My criticism is  that Benigni has tailored certain aspects of the holocaust to meet the  demands of his sweet tale and not vice versa, partly misrepresenting them,  and hence weakening both them and the impact of his film. The lack of  realism that I and others question is NOT a lack of documentary realism a  l Schindler's List, for that would contribute nothing here. On the  contrary, it is most appropriate for this fantasy/tragicomedy that the  depiction of the concentration camp be stylized and abstracted - but not  falsified. Even assuming we could ever accept that the boy, Giosu, could  have believed his father's explanations and survived as he did, there are  still problematic elements. One example is the first scene with Guido's  deliberate misinterpretation of the guard's instructions as the rules of a  game. To me, this humor is fairly uninspired, and Guido's antics, solely  for the benefitof his son, are arguably insensitive toward the other camp  inmates. More glaring, however, is the absurd lack of camp security, most  jarring in the scene where Guido plays music over the PA. Think: after  having gone to such effort to protect and hide Giosu, why would he  endanger himself, and hence his son, by doing this? Admittedly Guido wanted  his wife to know that they were alive, but even assuming he could ever have  reached the PA in the first place, such an action would logically have led  to severe punishment, probably death, negating all that he (and Benigni in  his film!) was trying to achieve. Here, it doesn't even help that the film  depicts a softened-up camp; even fantasy needs to be plausible on its own  terms. This scene shows more than any other the degree of contrivance at  work, and it is difficult to avoid the conclusion that it was primarily  inserted just to manipulate the audience's feelings. At the very least this  is superficial, at worst phony, and perhaps even in questionable taste  given the film's holocaust context. In short, the scene is pure kitsch,  undermining any HONEST attempt to show that life is beautiful in the face  of greatest adversity.<br />There is another scene in LiB's second half that  is truly impressive, however, perhaps the most poignant in the whole film,  in which Guido does a funny walk to impress his son, is marched off camera,  and killed. This scene somehow rang true, and drove home the gravity of the  fact that the life of a unique individual had been wiped out in an instant.  Even though Guido's character did not appeal to me that much, this scene  was strong enough to make me care about him anyway. Compare this scene with  the incidental death of the young black in the car in the final third of  Pulp Fiction, played entirely for laughs, and the value of (and need for) a  few life-affirming films becomes even clearer.<br />In the end, the boy meets  up with his mother, and yes, I felt happy at their reunion. But what  further ordeals did they still have to face, and could life have ever  really been the same again, still in essence beautiful despite all?  Perhaps, but this ending is, for me, too banal, like the whole second half  of the film a too-simplistic attempt to squeeze some humanity out of an  event whose full evil remains utterly beyond my comprehension, even though  I have lived as a foreigner in Germany for twelve years. Such a sentimental  approach may appeal to less discerning viewers who may not wish to leave a  movie feeling depressed, and who may choose to focus on the father-son  relationship, but it remains, at least partially, an overly simple panacea  for certain inexplicable evils of this world.<br />In conclusion, had Benigni  not adapted the holocaust as he had, I might have given it a higher rating.  He wouldn't even have had to make a totally different film. There are  other, truly classic feel-good fantasy films that also depict a highly  stylized reality, but, beyond their own obvious fantasy premise, do not  misrepresent in this way the hardships of life that they address, and thus  drive home their message more convincingly. The trials of James Stewart's  character in It's a Wonderful Life or even the mild depictions of the  dysfunctional family, urban poverty, and crisis of job loss in Mary Poppins  are excellent examples of what I mean.<br />And yet: even though I do not like  Benigni's style, I at least give the film three stars for its boldness,  originality, and humanistic attitude. I am merely skeptical, not cynical. I  believe Benigni made his film with honorable intentions, and if it has also  done something to engender greater sympathy for holocaust survivors, that  alone is of great worth. But I do not believe its shortcomings can be  brushed aside so easily.
0345350499|5.0|I read this book as a teenager, and read many books about the legend before it. I am what I would like to call myself an unorthadox christan (because allot of the churches don't beleve in equlity) and found the book  to be non threating to my religion.<br />I urge anyone who reads this to keep  a nutral mind to let the true greatness of the book shine through.<br />I have  allways been a Morgan le Fay fan, even long before reading this book. I  often thought her to be misunderstood, and long awaited a tale with the  women in the forground. So you can tell why I enjoyed this particular book.  I also love a book with detail so rich, that it paints a picture in my  mind.<br />If you want to read a book that is well written, with colorful  characters with rich detail that will last in your mind for years, this  book is the one. There is finally a non-sexist retelling of the story we  all love!<br />I am saddend of Bradlys dimise and will miss reading her books  :(<br />Another great book that re-tells a tale of a misununder stood woman  is:Memoirs of Cleopatra by Margret George, You will not be disapointed, you  have my word on it. :)
0553345834|3.0|I think in the internet age this book could use and update. Things move much faster than they did in 1988
B000002H70|5.0|I own a good number of CD's ,numbering over 500..and I always wanted to  see how The Cure were like so I picked up this album and boy! was i ever  astonished...  The rich sonic sound, melancholic  and gentle pulled me in  so deftly that I had this album playing for over 3 weeks continously on my  stereo. One of the richest works of any bands to date (in my view)..This is  a must buy for any avid music fan who has eclectic  tastes.  Robert Smith's  subtle voice pulls you in so gently that after a few repeated listenings ,  you just get pulled in the music.   This CD ,and it's music grows on you  with time. I am so glad I have somethign more then worthwhile in my music  collection.
0385484518|5.0|A masterpiece. I have never read a book that I felt so many emotions at one time  Mitch Albom is a genius if not for a better word. I was reminded of my mother who had cancer throughout her body and how I just buried her a  month ago.  Mitch you are tuly magnificent you have helped me through a  very difficult period in my life by learning I did make the right decision  to honor my mothers wishes to respect her desire to expire at home. God  bless you with your future books.
B00002Z88D|4.0|Something about the idea of an orchestra and Metallica together sounds really tempting, but while there are excellent points in this recording, there are also several where it seems the orchestra is playing another song  altogether.  Whoever balanced the recording of the orchestra with the  recording of the band also seems to have done a poor job -- you do need to  play with your equalizer to get the best out of this.  Hettfield's voice  comes off as amateurish against the backdrop of the orchestra -- I miss  that good ol' studio mixing that presents the illusion of James being a  real singer -- but the music selection is pretty good.  I like it enough to  keep listening to it, but I don't know how long that's going to last, and  if it even will last when my boyfriend gives me back my MASTER OF PUPPETS  cd :)
B000006YMN|5.0|After listening to this cd, Im more convinced than ever that Agnetha was the heart and soul of ABBA.  There are a couple tracks that I can live without (the one with Peter Cetera for example, he's not in her league),  but as a whole this cd is great! It stays in my most played stack of cd's
B000002KDO|5.0|This third album produced by Black Sabbath is truly phenomenal.  It overshadows the first two records, and helps distinguish Sabbath as the harbingers of heavy metal.  The song &quot;Sweet Leaf&quot; is a testament  of Sabbath's &quot;new-found habits&quot; of which the group would later  become infamous for.  &quot;After Forever&quot; is a stab at social  criticism on Sabbath's part.  It covers most subjects from religion to  personal behavior.  This song is an example of how Sabbath does not attack  the listener, but points out one's own problems, and alludes toward  personal correction.  &quot;Children of The Grave&quot; is a call to arms.   Not in the literal sense, but for standing up for one's rights, and  resulting to violence if necessary.  Not only are the lyrics profound, but  the instrumentation is excellent as well.  Tony Iommi is fantastic once  more with his guitar performance, implimenting a more classical approach to  his work wih &quot;Orchid&quot;.  Geezer Butler and Bill Ward provide an  indestructable back bone for the group, while Ozzy Osbourne supplements his  usual forbidding, doomy vocals.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|If any of you readers are John Williams fans..let me just say that this is the best mix of his greatest hits I have ever heard.  I am John Williams completist, and so I have a good idea of the variety of this master's work.  I feel everyone will like this because the songs that he is famous for are  all included on here, as well as some others that if you don't know them,  you will most likely still become as enthralled by them as you no doubt  have by hearing his his more famous pieces.  It includes Main tiltes from  Superman, Star Wars, Indiana Jones, Jaws, Jurassic Park, Schindler's List,  Far and Away and even a stirring rendition of the 84 Olympic Fanfare theme!  This is where its at!  I recieved it for my birthday and it made my day!  I give it top marks.
B000002B7M|5.0|The Blizzard of Ozz was one of the most unstoppable rock acts in its day.  This album is a testament to the magic and anticipation that went along with their group.  Randy Rhoads' guitar licks, and Ozzy Osbourne's  bombastic vocals produce some of the most innovative music of the latter  half of this century.   &quot;Crazy Train&quot; and &quot;Mr. Crowley&quot;  have gone down in the books as some of heavy metal's greatest anthems,  causing millions to flock to Ozzy's concerts every year.  The contraversy  behind &quot;Suicide Solution&quot; has not only brought Ozzy fame and  fortune, but also ridicule and harassment by not only the press, but angry  religious fanatics across the globe.  Ozzy's music is always filled with  classic head-banging as pointed out by &quot;No Bone Movies&quot; and  &quot;Steal Away The Night&quot;.  Once thing is for certain.  This is  where it all began for Ozzy's rollercoaster of a career.
B00000JGOJ|4.0|A great film with a ravenous script.  &quot;Playing by Heart,&quot; caught my attention with it's clever plot.  The movie will intrigue the audience by showing different relationships among different couples and in the end  the viewers will receive a treat in which they will find how the different  relationships will tie in together.  I recommend any viewer who enjoys  comedy and soap opra shows to buy the movie.  It's a soap opra in a movie  with a twist of comedy.
B000002KHH|4.0|Why is everybody so paranoid? Because Black Sabbath virtually shattered the hippie movement, and killed whatever fantasies flower power dreamed to achieve in this realistic world.  This album demostrates the power of heavy  metal.  &quot;Iron Man&quot; and &quot;War Pigs&quot; are elements of war  directly written about the Vietnam War.  &quot;Paranoid&quot;, originally  written as a throw-away became an instant success because of its pure  honesty.  It has elements from each member of Sabbath's lineup.  These  lyrics are a tale of breakup, and seriousness about a young man's mental  health.  The song &quot;Electric Funeral&quot; stirs up rebelious  tendencies with Tony Iommi's pounding guitar playing, and Geezer Bulter's  stirring bass reliefs.  I like this album not only because of its fantastic  sound, but for its merit.  A lot of the music that was produced when this  album came out was more geared toward flower-power and the anti-Vietnam  movement.  Black Sabbath wrote realistically about a realistic world.   Nothing was sugar-coated.  Everything was promoted in this album as it was  seen/is still seen through the eyes of the common teenager.
B00000K2SC|2.0|I did not understnad this movie. Please to be if someone explaing this to me.Lots of nonsense
B000002B82|5.0|This album is virtually a biography of Ozzy's life.  Songs like: &quot;I Don't Want to Change The World&quot; and &quot;Hellraiser&quot; seem to say it all.  The guitarist, Zakk Wylde rises to the occassion once more with  his guitar stylings to help make No More Tears a five-star album.  In his  voice, one can't help but feel Ozzy's sincerity, and notice that his age  has given him an immense wisdom behind these lyrics. This album marks a  tremendous time in Ozzy's life, as made perfectly clear by &quot;Road to  Nowhere&quot;, and it serves as a Rosetta Stone for all other rock  musicians after it. The song &quot;No More Tears&quot; is still played on  local rock stations throughout the U.S. as though it'll never grow old.
0345350499|4.0|I enjoyed many of Marion Bradley's science fiction works, particularly some of her Darkover series.  However I didn't get around to reading this, her most popular title, until recently.  Like most other readers, I found  this re-telling of the Arthurian Legend to be absorbing and well-told, and  I was sorry to see it end.  <br />I was especially impressed by how deeply I  came to care about the characters.  All of them are deeply flawed and very,  very human, and this is what makes them three-dimensional.  Rather than a  standard heroes-and-villains adventure, &quot;Mists of Avalon&quot;  features real people struggling with real issues.<br />The central conflict of  the story is the rapid growth of Christianity, and the struggle of those  who follow the ancient Celtic beliefs to turn back the tide and revive the  old traditions.  The theological discussions are fascinating; although many  readers may find the view of Christianity too harsh, there are genuine  exchanges of views among the characters.  This is not a case of an author  using the story to lecture, as Robert Heinlein did so often in his later  work.<br />Bradley is stronger at dialogue than she is at action, and there  are places where the story slows somewhat, but these lulls don't last  long.<br />This book has been a bestseller since it was published, and it  deserves its reputation.  Well worth your time.
B000002B7O|5.0|This second album in Ozzy's solo career is jam packed with killer cuts.  This is truly the cream of the crop from Ozzy's early stuff.  The album starts off at a fast pace with &quot;Over The Mountain&quot; and  &quot;Flying High Again&quot;, but mellows out slightly with  &quot;Believer&quot; and &quot;Little Dolls&quot;.  In classic Ozzy style,  though, it all gets kicked up another notch with Randy Rhoads' tumultuous  riffs on &quot;SATO&quot; and his mind-blowing acoustic guitar playing on  the final cut &quot;Diary of A Madman&quot;.  If a heavy metal fan should  buy one Ozzy album in his/her lifetime, it should be Diary of a Madman!
6305678707|4.0|I haven't seen this movie in about a year, but since nobody has reviewed this movie yet, I feel I owe it to this film to put in my two cents.<br />This is one of those movies I never get tired of watching.  A top notch  performance by Sean Connery as an overprotective military father to  rebellious wild child Meg Ryan.  Mark Harmon is also great as am  ex-military civilian police officer with an attitude and a score to settle  with the object of his investigation.  Harmon and Connery clash beautifully  as an underlying mutual respect begins to grow between them (although  neither of them will admit it).  Meg Ryan shines in both her conflicts with  her father and her romanting toying with Harmon.<br />The story's plot is  good, but nothing unique.  It is the characters that make this movie a  winner. Keep an eye out for the bar scene where Connery demonstrates how  his thumb can be used as an effective weapon.  It is one of my favorite  scenes in the film.  Definitely a satisfying movie and the DVD is displayed  prominently on my Christmas list this year.
0385484518|5.0|It is no surprise that this book has been on the best seller list for over two years!  It is more a book about living than a book about dying.  Morrie teaches us how to live our lives and be fully human.  He does not preach,  but you can't help but be inspired by the hope and acceptance he maintains  while he slowly dies of Lou Gerhig's Disease.  This is a wonderful book for  the holidays, for someone who has experienced a loss, or for anyone who  just wants a feel-good book.  Since this is a true story, based on  interviews, it is more realistic and less cheesy than other inspirational  books.  A must-read!
B0000296SI|2.0|i remeber when i went to see blink when there was only 200 poeple at a show now there are 5000 the new album is alright but i wonder if they even know when the first sold out
6305627401|2.0|I wanted to love this movie, I love most every episode of the tv show. There were definitely some VERY funny parts, but they were few and far between.
B000001FS3|5.0|U2 is one of the most innovative sounds to come out of Ireland yet. Their sound on this album is probably my favorite so far.  Bono puts his sultry voice to much good use here and the songs take you away for a while to  enjoy nothing but the wonderful music on this album.
0385484518|5.0|This was a very good book.  It really made me think about this crazy world we live in today.  Excellent reading.
B00000IQCZ|5.0|Not only is this one of Judy Garland's best films, it's one of the best musicals ever.  If you have an old video, buy this new one, with the restored sound and picture.  Just beautiful.  <br />No one before or since  matches Judy Garland in this film.  As in &quot;The Wizard Of Oz&quot;  Judy's performance is so perfect it's easy to overlook with such a great  supporting ensemble.  <br />Classic songs, beautiful Vincente Minnelli  direction, and Judy Garland at her &quot;MGM Musicals Queen&quot; peak! -  who could ask for more?<br />Even people who don't care for Garland love this  film - she's perfect.  And so gorgeous to look at and hear.<br />A must have  for anyone wanting a film that has everything for the whole family and is a  perfect escape from today's crazy world.
B000002TPS|5.0|I love Youthansia because every song rocks on it!I like how dave combined all of the older song titles in the song called Victory!That's awsome! Great metal album! ps.Don't buy Risk it is terrible!All the  others are great though!
6302642256|5.0|We have been searching for a copy to purchase and only to find it out of circulation.  My son request this movie every time we rent movies.  It is rarely available then, I've even asked the rental place if we could buy  there copy and they said no, it's always out. Great for the whole family,  and we never tire of it!
B000021XS0|5.0|I remember when I was in high school, I would watch MTV well into the late hours of the night to catch the heavy metal videos that never received airtime during the hip hop saturated primetime hours.  One evening, I saw a  video for a band I had never heard of before...Dream Theater.  After  hearing &quot;Hold me Under&quot; for the first time, I purchased  &quot;Images and Words,&quot; and have since purchased all of Dream  Theater's other releases.  Dream Theater's music assaults your senses with  an overwhelming fusion of powerful vocals, thought provoking lyrics,  amazing guitar harmonics, and solid songwriting. In their new release,  hardcore fans will find that Dream Theater continues to stay true to their  core sound, while infusing it with a diverse range of new creative  influences.  In a number of songs on the new album, various riffs, lyrical  combinations, and samples make references to tracks from their previous  albums.  Although some may mistake this as a lack of creativity, the new  album actually creates a sense of continuity with their previous releases  while telling a story all of its own.  To those of you that are already  Dream Theater fans, I highly recommend this album.  If you are not a Dream  Theater fan, I would say purchase &quot;Images of Words&quot; before this  album to understand and fully appreciate the Dream Theater experience.
0385484518|5.0|Albom captures the essence of reality in this quick read about his former professor, Morrie.  I have read this book numerous times since it was first released.  It moved me to the point of purchasing this book over and over  again for friends, family, and even professors that needed to hear, see,  and experience Morrie. Well done!
B000000H3W|5.0|This album rocks, give me a good adrenaline rush. Perhaps their best thrash album, mainly because the vocals a clearer and not slured with half english.  Good riffs and solo's and awsome drum beat.
0440219078|1.0|My sixth grade son read The Giver as an assignment so I also read it.  The book is about a society in which each child's profession is chosen for him.  Only one child at a time is trained as The Receiver, the only one who knows emotions.  He receives that information from The Giver.  The book  contains visions of murder and suicide that I do not believe are  appropriate for children this age.  (It also gave me nightmares.)  In  particular, I object to a murder that is committed by a respected parent.   I think that a child could and would think that parents cannot be trusted  after reading this book.  I also disagree with the book's depiction of  child suicide and murder of the elderly.  <br />I think that so many children  like the book because their teachers present the book in a positive way.   Children expect that they will  be assigned to read good books, not lousy  books, and the teachers support that expectation.  Speaking as a former  teacher, I would never have assigned this book to my class.  Speaking as a  parent, I would never have encouraged my child to read this book.  It is  sick.
B000001FY9|5.0|THIS CD IS THE PHATTEST, TIGHTEST CD I'VE EVER BOUGHT!!!!!BUY IT  TODAY!!!!I WENT TO JAMAICA OVER THE SUMMER AND EVERY TIME I LISTEN TO THIS  CD, I FEEL LIKE I'M THERE MAN, I DO!!!!OWN IT TODAY!!!!
B000002I97|5.0|John Prine's debut album is an essential for any true fan and an excellent starting point for any newcomers to Prine's work. Although all of Prine's albums contain great songs, this album has arguably the best collection of  music on any single Prine album. John Prine has an incredible ability to  create characters and situations in his songs which seem as real and  familiar as your next-door neighbor. His insightful and enigmatic lyrics  are comparable to Bob Dylan, and his free and comfortable singing style  appeals to fans of folk, country, and blues. This album is a must-have- but  then again, aren't all of Prine's albums?
0060254920|5.0|This book was a daily request from my Kindergarten students.  They never tired of Max's adventures and always found something new in the magnificent illustrations.  What a wonderful example of the possibilities of a child's  imagination.
0440180295|2.0|I enjoyed the book, but I think it had too much involved in the theory that everything is fated to happen. Plus, there were too many swears. A book can be so much more effective without the swears
6302293553|5.0|I've seen this when I was in highschool and it's still funny as ever. A lot of this movie was imoprov because it didn't follow the script. I didn't like the very end with British Police Force arrested King Arthur. But the  movie itself will just make you laugh. It's far from the legends of King  Arthur but in comedy (especially this one) you can get away with it. Buy  it, you'll roll over with laughter.
0783113943|5.0|What can I say about Angelina Jolie's performance as Gia in one word? Amazing, wow, hot, yowza, whew, Yummy, man-oh-man, unbelievable, extraordinary, realistic, orgasmic, exciting, exhilarating,  electrifying...I could go on and on! Okay, so that was more than one word.  But geez, it's Angelina Jolie were talking about...how can you say just one  word about someone as special and talented as her? You can't!  I dare you  to try! Go JOLIE!  My favorite performer ever! Ainge  -  AngelinaJolieV@aol.com
B00000J7J4|5.0|I have been reading some of the reviews below, and I must say: if you want the same old thing (either the same old boring pop or the same old Santana) don't buy this album.  On the other hand, if you are looking for an  exciting, contemporary fusion of the best each has to offer, by all  means--get this CD in your stereo!   &quot;Supernatural&quot; is one of the  best examples I have come accross of musical evolution in motion.  Three  cheers for musicians willing to branch out and extend their artistic  horizons!
B00002EPJH|5.0|I agree completely with the German fan. This album has such an inner beauty. Somber, yet so full of love in it's phrasing and approach to the keyboard. I adore Keith's trio work but have to say this solo effort shows  a side of him that we haven't seen before. So wonderfully understated at  times, allowing the melody to be appreciated in it's purest form. His  rendition of &quot;Shenandoah&quot; is just magnificent, so quiet, powerful  and full of love. This album is dedicated to his wife Rose Anne. What a  lucky woman she is.
6305508550|5.0|I've never laughed so hard at a movie in my life. Every time I watch this movie, it just gets better. From the opening scene where  Micheal Bolton is rapping with the radio to the employee evaluation with the Bobs, I've   never identified with a character in a  movie more.<br />Big Slacker, Ron++
6305161976|5.0|You can use 1,000 words to describe Casablanca but it all comes down to superb acting from the lead actors to the bit players, outstanding writing from the Epstein brothers and Howard Koch, a great score from Max Steiner  and direction from Michael Curtiz that moves a 1-hour, 42-minute movie like  gangbusters from start to finish without a single special effect. Let  others see Star Wars 400 times. I could watch Casablanca every day until  Y3K and never get tired of it.
B00000DFFO|5.0|This is a re-mix of the famous &quot;Secret Wish&quot; album. Typical for the mid-80s and well ahead of its time. If you have &quot;Secret Wish&quot;, don't expect any big surprises; however, it is mixed in the  sense of usual dance singles, so you will get a lot of the original rhythm  pure. Having almost all CDs, vinyls and singles by Propaganda, I often  prefer this album over the original because it's more dance-oriented and  gives me new energy when I need it.
B00000DC7L|4.0|Ok so being a huge Queen fan might make me somewhat biased in reviewing this CD, however Brian May with this effort places himself in a position where he really stands out as a solo performer.  This is a songwriter's  album not an extravagant guitar piece though the Curly haired clog wearer  does let loose on a few tracks such as 'Buisness', 'Cyborg' and the sublime  feel-good effort of 'On my way up'.  May's voice also shows great integrity  and soul and compliments the great instrumental arrangements perfectly.  An  excellent album and a testament to the man who has influenced modern rock  and guitar playing with his innovative genius
B00000DFMM|5.0|I have owned this album (German 9-track version) since it came out. If lasers would cause wear, this CD would be completely scratched now. I even bid ($150, and lost) on the special edition of this album in an auction -  yes, it's that good. Great rhythm, very unique (often off key) singing and  a great overall production. This album was well ahead of its time and is in  many ways without peers. &quot;Wishful thinking&quot; is a fine re-mix but  this is the original. Once you have it, you will want to get the rare  CD-singles, too =)
0380789019|5.0|Whoever gave this ONE star obviously does not understand the British art of understatement! This is a brilliant tale of modern fantasy. Great characters, scary monsters, great plot twist (who is the ultimate villain?)  Neil Gaiman is a genius, as anyone who's read the Sandman series or Mr.  Punch knows.
B00001R3GI|5.0|This is the greatest album of all time
6303327982|5.0|Natural Born Killers is arguably one of the finest movies to emerge from the 90's. Essentially NBK is a social commentary for a fast-food audience. <br />The storyline follows the unity of the two lead characters, Mickey  (Woody Harrelson) and Mallory (Juliette Lewis) Knox. Their honeymoon leaves  behind a steady trail of bodies. The legend of the Knox couple is picked up  and aggravated by the popular media, represented in NBK by Wayne Gale  (Robert Downey Jr.), who is the star of 'American Maniacs', a clear stab at  television exploitation (ie. funniest home video shows, disaster shows,  etc) that gain popularity by tapping into the 'morbidity factor'. <br />NBK  has received much criticism regarding the frequent and supposedly graphic  violence interlaced throughout the movie. Oliver Stone has actually been  taken to court regarding a copycat killing, though this is not the place to  comment on that. However, from my opinion, there is nothing in NBK that I  have not seen before in films, nor is any of the violence overtly graphic,  and in no way is it manipulative. The violence is a portrayal, and perhaps  criticism, of modern American society. <br />Visually the film is impeccable.  Formats switch from B&amp;W to colour, then VCR, then filtered, cartoon,  and so on, at a fast pace. Camera angles sway, tilt and pan, mounted one  moment and hand-held the next. All this footage is spliced together  masterfully in an editing process that took 11 months. The result is  wonderful to behold. To describe this movie as a visual masterpiece is an  understatement. I would not change a single shot in this two-hour movie, it  is as close to perfection as I have seen. The shots are never held for  long, a few seconds at most, and cannot be described as epic, but they are  edited together in a way that is chocolate for the eyes and ears. The pace  of NBK is swift, particularly in the last half-hour (the prison riot scene  has to be seen to be believed), switching from the sarcastic tone of the  sitcom scene, to the hazy feeling of the 'wedding' scene to the violent  frantic pace of the climax. <br />I believe Oliver Stone set out to make a  social commentary for the 90's, and I also believe that he succeeded  admirably. NBK is not a satire, or a comedy, or a thriller, it is closer to  a highly exaggerated high-budget documentary, a look at the way things are  and a suggestion at why. <br />The intensity of pace and style will put off  more conservative viewers, but then, those are the type of people that read  of NBK and automatically slot the movie into the evil, negative basket.  Criticism shouldn't be leveled at NBK, instead it should be leveled at  society. The movie is a representation of society. And if things are to get  better in the real world, we have to at least accept what the real world  is. We need more movies of this calibre. <br />Hat's Off to Natural Born  Killers.
042505313X|3.0|The book, Dune, written by Frank Herbert was interesting novel.  This book was good, although at times it was confusing.  Herbert takes you into his imagination which allows your mind to run wild.  Many times i was lost  because his world is nothing like we know the world as it is today.  This  book is in the future and is based upon a war over spices.  In which, a  man, Paul fights against the emperor.  If you want to read something which  allows your mind to run wild this is a book for you.
6304331851|2.0|Is it that eleven songs are two few for a three-hour movie musical or does this only seem so wordy because Richard Harris as King Arthur mostly and Vanessa Redgrave as Queen Guinevere to a significant extent talk their  songs? Do they talk their songs because neither one can really sing? (For  that matter neither can Franco Nero as Sir Lancelot.) Is it also because  none of three principals can really sing that they spend all their moments  on screen furiously gesticulating, by way of compensation? (I remember  thinking, &quot;If Nero nods his head once more, I'm going to slap  him.&quot; He was not deterred.) Regrave tries so very hard to look cute;  Nero tries so very hard to look ernest; Harris seems to think he's acting a  Shakespearian tragedy, bellowing banal bits of dialogue that can't bear the  strain--as he hops about the stage. (He's wearing far too much eye make-up,  by the way. He looks like a man in drag.) So the singing is awful, and the  acting is obnoxious and smarmy. As if that weren't enough, Alan Jay  Lerner's screenplay adaptation is riddled with holes, and director Joshua  Logan thinks every other song needs to be adorned with MTV-like  relentlessly spliced footage. <br />What's to do? Read &quot;The Once and  Future King&quot; and listen to the Original Cast Broadway album version of  &quot;Camelot&quot;--or buy the score, and sing the songs yourself.)
B0000028W9|5.0|When I bought this cd in '92 I had no idea who-the-hell Leonard Cohen was. From the first listen I recognized The Future as being the most beautiful music I've ever heard. It doesn't get any better than this folks. Take heed  if you're reading these reviews and buy this recording!
0399143904|4.0|Rainbow Six on my Clancy scale was a 7 out of 10.  Reviewing a novel is better understood by comparing it to others that most of us have read, so prospective readers have something to measure it against.  So I would say  that Rainbow Six could be best described as a spellbinding novel of  suspense and intrigue, it has the relentless pace and stunning power of The  Triumph and the Glory, the behind the scenes military realism that is  Clancy's trademark, the vivid imagery of Cold Mountain, and the style and  flavor of John LeCarre at his best.
B000000OYN|2.0|This CD is good, but it shows lack in rpoduction (even being produced by &quot;master&quot; Martin Birch) and the quality of songs are very irregular. Of course we can see clearly Coverdales amazing rockin voice.
0375707972|5.0|A searing novel of guilt and responsibility, The Reader has the relentless pace and stunning power of The Triumph and the Glory, unforgettable characters rivalling any in any of Oprah's recommended novels, and the  vivid imagery of Cold Mountain.  Thought-provoking, stark, yet fulfilling,  this is a must-read novel for anyone with a conscience.
B0000025YW|4.0|This was the last &quot;acceptable&quot; albun by Accept. Full or riffs, melodic solos by Wolf Hoffmann and the usual grows by Dirkschneider (I like his voice, but the band should have had another singer, because his voice  needs accostuming). The songs are great, the ballad  &quot;Winterdreams&quot; amazing, the title track using a piece from  Wagner, &quot;Love CHild&quot; leaves you with no room to breath. After  this CD, Accept was gone for sure.
0380973464|5.0|I loved Cryptonomicon, every last page of it and that's saying something because THERE WERE A LOT of pages.  It's a fascinating novel about codes and codebreaking with a SF flavor--Cryptonomicon has the relentless pace  and charismatic style of The Triumph and the Glory, the plot twists of  Grisham at his best, the vivid imagery of Cold Mountain, and the  fascinating insights and cleverness that only a novelist of Stephenson's  stature can deliver.
B000000OPZ|5.0|Like pop-metal or not, anyone must admit that, considering the genre, this CD is great. Period.
B00000IAU3|5.0|beautiful songs, especially here with me and hunter. the music is very lush and sexy with strong hooks. Her voice is perfect. sounds kinda like sinead O'conner but more controlled and refined. probably the best singing  voice Ive heard in a while.
B0000027F8|5.0|It's hard to believe that GM has only ever recorded five albums in his entire career. (yes 5, including Wham! albums) He was born to write some of the catchiest, purest, and most beautifully honest songs this century. LWP  is a perfect example of an incredibly talented artist shaking off the  shackles of being a teen sensation and drawing in a whole new era of  listeners while still holding onto the old ones. George wrote all but one  of the songs on the album, plays a great deal of the instruments,  co-engineered, produced, and even designed the sleeve! This really is an  incredible album from a man who has consistently put out some of the most  extraordinarilly catchy songs ever written.  Nothing more to say but buy  this album.
B000002JSN|1.0|Frankly to say, I was very disappointed in this album. The album is too pretentious. It is an overindulgent  double album.  It is just an ornate piece rather than a timeless classic. It is the sound of self-indulgence  rather than  true inspiration.  Some songs are not bad, but they are not  enough to justify the numerous fillers. Nice cover, though.
B000002LKU|5.0|I bought this disc because Knopfler is one of a few artists whose music I will buy without hesitation.  Chet Atkins, Stevie Ray Vaughn are/were others.  Robert Cray.  I have seen Knopfler do so many diverse things in  his career, so I was not surprised by the uniqueness of the style and the  more I listen to this, the more I like it.  It is one of my favorite for  the past several years.  Another is Screenplaying by Knopfler (music from  four soundtracks he did) which I have given to half a dozen friends.  I  would like to know what the other musicians on this disc have done.  Their  guitar work and vocals are strong and I would definitely give them a try if  I could find any of their work.
0790729725|5.0|This is as close to an ideal movie as you're going to get. It's based on a fabulous book (Nicolas Pileggi's Wiseguy), has an excellent script, a good soundtrack and features outstanding performances from Ray Liotta, Robert De  Niro and Joe Pesci. <br />I've heard Goodfellas compared to The Godfather over  and over again, but that comparison doesn't work for me. I actually found  it to be the anti-Godfather. Goodfellas is much more gritty and real. It  depicts the same violent, dangerous world that The Godfather did, but with  all the grandeur stripped away. The harshness of Goodfellas will almost rub  you raw at times, but in many ways its more rivetting than The Godfather  because of its almost complete lack of sentiment. This is definitely a  gripping, intense movie that will hold your attention for its entire 2 1/2  hrs. <br />Though Goodfellas is categorized as an action movie and does  contain the requisite number of fights, explosions, etc., it's actually  much more finely nuanced and psychologically complex than what you'd  normally expect from this genre. <br />Ray Liotta's performance as Henry Hill  is skillfully understated. You can really feel his ambivalence about the  life he's leading and the people in it and his transformation from a street  smart kid into the burned out, coked out loser he turns into is really  disturbing. Henry literally self-destructs.<br />Joe Pesci delivers an equally  powerful performance as sociopath Tommy DeVito. Tommy is so remorseless  that he casually discusses cooking while burying one of the unfortunate  victims of his lightning-quick temper. It's Tommy's non-chalance that makes  him so frightening. <br />Robert De Niro is wonderful as well as Jimmy Conway,  a man whose charm and congeniality mask his icy heartedness. Jimmy makes it  so easy to like him and trust him, yet he betrays everyone who makes that  mistake. Beneath his seemingly sincere good will is pure self-interest.  Jimmy does what's good for Jimmy. Period. <br />Part of what I thought made  this movie so interesting is the relationship between Henry, Tommy and  Jimmy and how they react to the same events. Jimmy never, ever loses his  cool or his surface lustre while the evil in Tommy feeds on itself and he  becomes more evil. Henry, however, degenerates and falls apart. This is  what makes Henry the only sympathetic character and the one whose  redemption you'll hope for. Will Henry be redeemed? You'll have to watch  Goodfellas and find out for yourself.
B00001QGPS|4.0|What do you get when two of the best artists in hip-hop join forces? A bangin album, that's what.  &quot;Blackout&quot; succeeds in just about every level.  &quot;Cereal Killer,&quot; produced by RZA, is absolutely  NUTS--Literally, as a voice says &quot;This is the sound of a cow&quot; and  you hear a coyote howling out.  It comes complete with a simple, yet dark  and entertaining beat and Meth and Red with some of their best dark lyrics.  &quot;Y.O.U,&quot; another standout track, features Redman doing his best  Big Pun impersonation on his second verse, and the &quot;How High&quot;  remix ends the album on a HIGH (ahem) note.  The times the album doesn't  succeed are on the tracks where Meth &amp; Red think just the fact they're  on a track together makes it good. These are few and far between, but they  do occur. Overall, though, this is a very good album, and a recommended  buy.
0679746048|3.0|I admit that I got this book because of the actresses that are in the movie based on it.  I thought it was well written and all but there was a total lack of raw emotion.  It wasn't like you were with her in an  institution, it was like an all girls school.  I think that if you had to  go through all this you would have a definite feel for what the experience  brought out in you.  I also didn't like the lengthy mental descriptions, it  was a bit boring.
B000023VR6|5.0|As the follow-up to maybe the best hip-hop album in the 90's, &quot;Chronic 2001&quot; had big shoes to try to fit in.  It looks like those shoes were the right size, because this album succeeds in just about  every aspect.  Dre uses the eerie music from the movie Halloween on  &quot;Murder Ink,&quot; while Eminem and Xzibit make their presence known  on the bangin &quot;What's the Difference.&quot;  The only track that may  bore listeners is &quot;Xplosive,&quot; with it's subject natter and beat,  but otherwise Dre and his 25 (yes, 25) guest contributers combine nicely to  make one of the best hip-hop albums of the year.
0553278355|3.0|I thought this book was good but I felt that there was a heartlessness to it.  When I read something I want to be really moved by it.  This was a good book but for someone with that many feelings it seemed bland.  I  suggest reading it for the experience.
6302000823|5.0|This movie, a warm and sentimental delight, delivers it viewers many gifts, most of which come as subtle surprises.  It features wonderful performances, a spine-tingling soundtrack and a testimony to the power of  the movies unlike any MOVIE ever made.  Please please please do yourself a  favor and DO NOT watch the dubbed version -- it depletes the wondrous  acting by eliminating their own voices -- also: stay with the movie through  its closing credits.  The final shots deliver what might be the sweetest  surprise of all.  Happy crying!
B00000K2SC|4.0|If your looking for a great action or sci-fi movie this is it!  The Matrix has a great plot concept, one that really makes you think.  It's really just a fun movie to watch.  You might be warry that it might not have a  great plot because it does have great special effects, but it has a very  interesting concept.  I really enjoyed this movie!
0792839676|5.0|CARRIE shocked the living hell out of me when I was 17 years old. I could not get it out of my mind for years -- and have seen it at least 25 times since then.  It does have perhaps the most copied (and effective)  movie-horror-ending of all time, but it is the haunting performance of  Sissy Spacek that gets under your skin.  It is a spectacularly moving film,  even more unsettling because it is filled with sly wit and comedy.  Yet, as  in TITANIC, you know something really BAD is going to happen.  By the way,  William Katt resembles a young Redford here, and, along with the other  young luminaries, delivers a knockout performance. Donaggio's score is  chillingly effective, especially in the Carrie-Tommy dance, featuring  DePalma's trademark dizzying camera. It makes sense to me in some twisted  way that Michael Gore and Dean Pitchford (FAME) could visualize and hear a  musical in this story (B'way's CARRIE The Musical, 1988 -- w/Betty Buckley  as Mrs. White this time around, the original gym teacher in the film)-- the  sum of its parts is infinitely grander than one might expect in a  &quot;horror movie&quot;.  MUCH better than King's novel, which has its own  macabre voice. You will fall in love with Carrie too.
6302860253|4.0|I first saw this film upon release and I agree that this version of the opera is not for the purist officionado. However, since my first viewing I could not forget the film.  The production is wonderful compared to many  &quot;on-stage&quot; productions trasferred to film, if you consider the  audio alone. The soundtrack is fabulous on its own, and Julia is  outstandingly sensual in many of the scenes, especially the one where she  rolls the cigar on her thigh.  Although the film is in subtitles, I think  the criticism toward this fact is ineffectual since the opera is sung in  the original language. I do not know anyone who enjoys foreign films who  does not cringe with the gratuitous dubbing of the original films.  On its  own merit, it has style, beauty, location, great opera stars, and inherent  qualities of educating children of the performing arts --if not adults-- at  the very least.  The overall acting notwithstanding, this full length  feature film version of a timeless story should be considered as a  wonderful addition to anyone's musical film collection.
0790720434|5.0|I saw this movie when I was in elementary school and loved the character of Mary, I relished in the classic story from the children's book, and I begged my mom to purchase the video. To this day I still watch that movie,  with every viewing more intrigued. The music is haunting, the landscape  eerie and beautiful, and the acting superb. I still marvel at this film and  only wished it was more celebrated. Adults and children will enjoy this  classic film.
0767817478|5.0|Personally, I thought that Tristar's Godzilla was sensational!   I agree that Godzilla should have used his fiery breath more often as well as confronted other monsters.  However, this is just the pilot movie!   The  best stuff will be saved for the upcoming sequels!
B000005J56|5.0|Wow! Amazing! A great CD worthy of any &quot;desert island&quot; list. Also, see the movie for an amazing story in how this recording came to be.
B000002J09|4.0|Let's get this straight. I love this album, the guitar work is outstanding throughout, the drumming is different class (especially on &quot;Levee breaks&quot; and Robert Plant really completes this perfect mix of  showmanship with solidity.  There are two things wrong with this album.   Number 1 - Stairway To Heaven. Ranks just behind Queen's &quot;Bohemian  Rhapsody&quot; in the &quot;Most Sensationally Pretentious and annoying  song&quot; category, it is one of those songs that just makes you want to  scream in frustration and smash the CD into a million pieces. Why is it so  popular? It makes no sense, it grates, and it is over 8 MINUTES LONG!  Number 2 - Misty Mountain Hop. Droning, monotonous, and irritating in the  extreme. When you know what Led Zep are capable of, this sounds even  worse.<br />Apart from that, everything is superb. Black Dog and Rock and Roll  have two of the best riffs ever to come from Jimmy Page's thundering  guitar, When the Levee Breaks is a revamped, joyful blues anthem that makes  you glad to be alive, and Going to California is what Stairway to heaven  should have sounded like, the same arty lyrics and intricate music, but  short and sweet.
0679441018|5.0|Simply Incredible. I began reading the series this past spring when I noticed how that &quot;Vittoro&quot; book was clinging to the best sellers list for dear life. I have to say as I worked my way backward through the  series I became greatly disinterested in the series star, Lestat. However,  it was this book that won me over and helped me understand the character  Lestat in the books which prominently feature him (namely &quot;The Vampire  Lestat&quot;). If the books in this series were to be reissued I would be  the first to suggest that this book (Memnoch the Devil) be released right  after &quot;Interview . . .&quot; so that the reader gets a clear picture  of the characters who are to develop, and has a full grasp on the Christian  overtones which motivate these primarily post-Renaissance fatally Romantic  characters.
0446525537|2.0|I thoroughly enjoyed Mr. Sparks other works - The Notebook and Message in a Bottle.  I was however disappointed with a Walk to Remember as I found it lacked depth and was extremely predictable.
B0000019PA|5.0|it seems after awhile - a long while for myself - of bangin' around - you come around to actually listening - being aware - ya just stop thinking - and you hear - ya slow down and see - this album really blindsided me - a  real work of love - down to the trailer park and on up to the moon -  perspectives - not only of sound - but of heart - a wonderful 3-dimensional  collage of life and death - but understand, different people hear different  things - if your a person that is usually in a hurry or maybe even a bit  more  analitical, well then this album might not be for you - it kinda  stumbles humms hollers and cries - but its assuring in a all encompassing  love-like way...
B000002H97|5.0|Whether you enjoy heavy metal music or not, any music lover will have a respect for this album. You do not have a complete and thorough CD collection unless you own this. That is all I have to say about that.
0553275976|5.0|This not only happens to be my favorite Tom Wolfe book, but my favorite book period. The plot is exciting and realistic. Readers will relate with every single character depicted here. And no one matches Wolfe's  descriptive capabilities. What the rest of us would need a million words to  say, Wolfe manages to express with a few key and very visual phrases. So  far, there isn't a book I've enjoyed more.
B00000J7J4|3.0|...And yet, the question remains...  Is Carlos trying to regain some of his former celebrity status, or are the semi-literate newbies on the album trying to legitimize their efforts by cashing in on a legend?...   Some of  the tracks are good, bordering on great.  Some are mutilated by wanna-be  hacks.  Still, all in all, it's worth adding to your Santana   &quot;I'd-rather-be-drinking-tequila-on-a-hot-afternoon-in-Juarez&quot;  collection.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I bought this album because I loved their debut, and it exceeded my expectations to no end.  I love the lyrics to all the songs, especially &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot;, &quot;Affirmation&quot;, &quot;Crash and  Burn&quot; and &quot;The Animal Song&quot;.  The music is terrific.  Daniel  and Darren shine.
0767830555|5.0|This movie is a classic. The directing is brilliant and De Niro in the lead role is perfect. This movie shows how the madness in todays society can cause people to mad themselves. A frightning movie, with brilliant all  round performances.
B000006NPY|5.0|This album is so awesome. It is different, yes, but still has their unique sound and style (that is except Jimmy Chamberland didnt play, but he is back now!). This album is very musicly rich and full of emotion, positive,  and negative. The only thing that it lacks is Jimmy's awesome drums, but  the other drumers are really good, too!   Buy this album, its really,really  good!
6300273199|5.0|An awesome video AC/DC at their best. Every song is great. My only complaint about this video is that the directors cut out the song &quot;TNT&quot; and the ending &amp; video of &quot;Walk All Over You&quot;  (whili the song is playing, they show a video of two of the band members  racing a car and an airplane!) The CD version of this (from the  &quot;Bonfire&quot; box set) has all of those songs.
0517123207|5.0|Darwin takes the Socratic approach to the theory of evolution and by thinking through the problems to his theory, lays it all out. Hereditery, descent, migration, variation, sterility of hybreds, extinction, vestigal  organs, the whole ball of wax. If you would understand life on Earth,  reading this book is a good start.
0670827592|5.0|Jon Scieska and Lane Smith are sick tickets and I for one am really glad they decided not to do therapy but instead write and illustrate kids' books. Their Three Pigs is now a classic (ten years, one half a generation  of readers). I've used it in classrooms from K-12, always with great  (wolflike) howls of laughter and  (porcine) squeals of delight from the  youngsters.I've used it as the basis of a junior high writing unit (kids  had to rewrite fairy tales in mock-trial format) and in creative dramatics  classes (kids had to act it out and not crack up). The new updated version  includes a &quot;letter from the pen&quot; explaining how the file got in  that cake from granny (of course it wasn't the wolf's fault). This is one  of those books every kid ought to own and every teacher ought to be given.  Spare your kid's teacher another mug this Christmas and instead buy him/her  The True Story of the Three Little Pigs or one of the similarly fractured  fairy tales by this delightfully goofy team that has also done Stinky  Cheese Man, Frog Prince, The math Curse, the Time Warp Trio and Squids Will  be Squids. These are all suitable titles to give to adults too, especially  those that you don't know well enough to give them socks but you don't want  to give them something like candy because they'll get all hyper. I'd give  the Math Curse to my Bookkeeper and accountant. My lawyer would  probablylove a copy of the Three Pigs.
630512762X|5.0|What more could you ask from a movie than to star Nicolas Cage, John Travolta and be directed by John Woo?. This movie will not dissapoint, The original idea for the script, plus the brilliant gun fights make this movie  a must have. The performances are brilliant, particularly the two leads. If  you love action movies there are four movies you should own, Face/off and  the Die Hard trilogy. This is a must have.
B000003BEM|5.0|One of the best Rock recordings in history, uncontested, and one of the Stone's most inspired &amp; strongest moments.The acoustic tracks are standard Stone's fare,although &quot;Dear Doctor&quot; &amp;  &quot;Parachute Woman&quot; have their weight,&amp; &quot;Salt Of The  Earth&quot; is a climaxer of the highest level.But what really gets this  album into the listener are the rockers;indeed,if &quot;Sympathy For The  Devil&quot; had been recorded in the charged-up electric version they play  live it would have given it a power &amp; driving bent lacking in the  nontheless competent original.&quot;Jiggsaw Puzzle&quot;,&quot;Street  Fighting Man&quot;,&amp; &quot;Stray Cat Blues&quot; are the boys at some  of their most perfect &amp; baddest.These are singular rock classics that  multitudes of bands try to accomplish but barely reach.This recording is an  excellent synthesis of the wedding between electric &amp; acoustic,giving  the work a balance &amp; flow of seamless quality.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I first herd this from my cousin and I thought wow, what a great cd so the next day I went out and bought it. You wont be dissipointed, all the songs are good except 2 of the instrumentals (it's come to be expected of a 13  song cd) there is a defently a presence of afracan influnce (sorry about  the spelling) that I have never seen in any other music, But It seems to be  more suited twords the indie/pop teens of america if you like eagle eye  cherry type music GO BUY IT NOW.
6305313687|4.0|Edward Norton is brilliant.What else to you expect from him?<br />Pros:<br />*An extraordinarily brilliant performance by Norton(I say extraordinarily,because the performance was stunning,and not because Edward  is usually mediocre,of course).Personally,I think he's the best young actor  out there.<br />*Daring and brave direction.<br />Cons:<br />*The movie,as a  whole,is so-so.<br />The bottomline:Edward's performance is reason enough to  buy it.Unfortunately,he was snubbed at the Oscars.Edward:you don't need an  Oscar to be great.Just look at Martin Scorsese.
B000000XB9|5.0|I just got this album a few weeks ago and it is simply incredible.  I wasn't alive when they put all their music, but I wish I would've been.  All the songs on here are classics and I never get tired of listening to  it.  This album ranks up their in my top 5 and is must for a rock fan.  Get  it today!
0812550706|5.0|A chilling a heart felt tale, of a briliant childs inner fight for servival and selfworth, amidst a gripping battle for earth's future. If your a sci-fi fan it's a must read. Card is a master at charactor  development. You'll know and understand Ender and his brilliants as well as  his short comings.
B00002Z88D|4.0|Metallica did it again! They never stop doing new and brilliant things with music. This CD sounded great and was filled with great songs. I personally think too much of there new &quot;not so hard&quot; rock was  included and they left out there greats, thats why it lost a star on my  scale. But overall its great to hear on a good system.
B00000K22N|5.0|I bought this CD boxset just for two new versions of Sadness and Mea Culpa. That's it! Plain and simple. I heard them before I bought it, and it was still worth the $16! If you are a &quot;real&quot; Enigma fan then you will like the 2nd CD of this box set.<br />There is a version of Sadness (Violent Remix) that is very unique.<br />And, I like the new version of Mea Culpa (Orthodox Remix) better than the original! It's more mystical/ambient. That's it. Just two songs. Hey! I had to have them. :) <br />I only have one complaint...<br />The Mea Culpa (Orthodox Remix) is too short! Only 4 minutes. But, the last 59 seconds of that song has the most beautiful ending rhythm I ever heard. One actually feels a sense of sadness when song #5 comes to an end.<br />Go to Borders and listen to it if you want to try it out before you buy.
0201485672|5.0|From time to time, but in truth rarely, an author write a book that change our mind about code or software process. From my point of view, this is the 2nd book like that in this decade (the first was Design Patterns). It  outline especially that code and design that works isn't enough. He also  describes formally things that I do (and thousands programmers) for years,  but silently. Even if expressed in Java, the book is usefull in all OO  languages. Just get it!
0684859106|4.0|I have tried several recipes from this book and can't wait to try more.  My family is asking when I will bake another coconut or german chocolate cake.  It is great to have old fashion recipes that taste like my  grandmother cooked.<br />It is very important to follow the instructions  exactly for the recipes to turn out right.  Hope you enjoy this book as  much as I am.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Simply the best movie this year.  I am not a &quot;Sci-Fi&quot; guy, and to tell you the truth, I don't really like Reeves (A Walk in the Clouds, come on!)  But this movie is simple a masterpiece.  Dazzling special  effects, an addictive storyline.  I just want to see it over and over  again!  Buy a DVD player for this movie, VHS just doesn't cut it.  I warn  you, if you see this movie once, it will consume you for days.  Its that  good!
0679736646|5.0|An amazing book, dealing with issues of life, death, rebirth, and entropy. It delves deeply into the subjects, exploring the hopelessness and despair associated with death, but also the hope for rebirth and, of coruse,  salvation. Joe Chip is an endearing character, who grows from being baffled  and confused to accepting his reality and dealing with it. Highly  recommended.
B00002E233|5.0|Deep Blue was the best movie I saw all summer. The best shark movie since Jaws. I was on the edge of my seat the whole time, and I jumped more than once. In fact, in one seen I think the whole movie theatre jumped, I know  the two guys next to me did. Samuel L. Jackson's acting was horrible, but  you get into the other characters. LL adds humor to the film. Deep Blue Sea  is one to see and even own. I do not like all of the computer animation in  movies now, but the animated sharks did not really bother me, they looked  pretty real, except in a few scenes.
B000002HMH|5.0|This is a solid album, but with only one flaw.  Mama Said, is the worst METALLICA song I've heard, other than that, this album kick's!  My faviorates on this album are:  4.Until It Sleeps, and 10.Wasting My Hate!   This is worth listening to, if you don't have it, BUY IT!  You won't be  dissapointed!  METALLICA has changed for the better, and they keep there  music powerfull, meaningfull, and awsome, almost all the time, through all  of there album's!  Including LOAD!
B00000JHAU|5.0|A devout hip-hop convert, I had entirely sworn off indie and punk rock until I encountered this lovely, masterful album.  I still prefer phat beats to guitar strumming, but it's nice to know that MC's like Raekwon and  Mos Def aren't the only lyrical geniuses in music today, and that someone  is indeed writing them &quot;like they used to.&quot;  Reminiscent of Joni  Mitchell at her very best, the lyrics are sweet and touching, the tunes  simple and addictive.  Some are instant classics that are uncanny in their  seeming familiarity--so good, you'll be surprised no one wrote them before.   Thank god someone finally did.
B000002952|5.0|I have several of Gloria's CD's and this is my favorite.  If you like Latin music, she provides a great variety of melodies.  It's never the same old sound.  My husband doesn't even speak Spanish and he loves it.
079213690X|5.0|I loved it! Even though it is a long movie, it goes by fast. The fight scenes are spectacular, they leave you wanting more. Mel is awesome....
B00003GPML|5.0|I love this album, the first 3 songs are reminiscent of past Foo Fighters releases (ie: Foo Fighters, the colour and the shape, and Pocketwatch(Dave Grohls demo)  Then as the album progresses the foos test many new styles, and mess around with a lot of new guitar FX like the dunlop heil talk box,  a flanger, and a delay pedal.  One of my fav's was the guitar slide song  AIN'T IT THE LIFE.  This album features the extra track FRATERNITY which is  currently not released on any other album.  Its an awesome catchy song, SO  BUY THIS IMPORT IF YOU TRULY LIKE THE FOO FIGHTERS!  While you're at it,  check out the other two import albums of the Foo Fighters on AMAZON.COM the  Colour and the Shape and Foo Fighters featuring such extra tracks as  WINNEBAGO, PODUNK, and DEAR LOVER.  BUY THEM ALL SAYS ME!
B000002TQV|5.0|What can you say about &quot;The Bends&quot; that isn't already said below?  One of my favorites and truly inspiring.  Just the fact that it is and was such a huge comeback album for Radiohead after everyone in the  media dismissed them as a &quot;one-hit wonder&quot;.  When I look back at  this decade and think about all the great albums that came out, and also  the lack of great albums, I put this one up with the best of them...   1.   Pavement  - Slanted and Enchanted 2.  Guided By Voices  - Bee Thousand<br />3.   Liz Phair  - Exile in Guyville 4.  My Bloody Valentine  - Loveless 5.   Built To Spill  - There's Nothing Wrong With.. 6.  Nirvana  - Nevermind 7.   Radiohead  - The Bends 8.  Beck  - Odelay 9.  Pixies  - Trompe Le Monde 10.  Sebadoh  - Sebadoh III
B000002B7Y|4.0|The introduction of Zakk Wylde into Ozzy's camp is a good one.  His stylings truly illuminate Ozzy's lyrics in this album, almost as much as Randy Rhoads'(RIP) stylings in the first two albums.  Ozzy promotes himself  as a sort of social &quot;critic&quot; in this album with songs such as:  &quot;Miracle Man&quot; and &quot;Bloodbath in Paradise&quot;.  But, not  only does he appear as a &quot;social&quot; critic, but also as a  &quot;personal&quot; critic in the songs &quot;Breaking all The Rules&quot;  and &quot;Fire in The Sky&quot;.     This album contains elements of inner  darkness, mental strain, personal afflictions; frustration with the outer  world, but we are given an extra treat at the end of the album.  The U.S.  release contains a secret song at the end entitled, &quot;I Don't Want to  Be Your Hero&quot;.  This song helps to build up the album as a type of  profession of Ozzy's good will toward his fans.  This song plainly shows  others that he is neither a monster, nor the devil-worshiper that the media  has played him out to be.  He is an artist, expressing his own views to a  group that is willing to listen.
B00000JPH5|5.0|A classic! It is slow in some parts, but it is made up for. You will love the creatures, and the Bog of Eternal Stinch, pew! Kids will really love it. David Bowie makes a great Goblin King. You have to see this one.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This was the most thought provoking movie I have ever seen. You must see this movie, you will be so glad that you did. The acting, special effects, plot, dialogue, everything was awesome. You will be blown away by this  movie. You'll never look at anything the same way again!
B00000ADG2|5.0|Basically, if you are a music collector, you have to have this album or your collection is incomplete.  You don't have to be an R&amp;B listener to realize how good this one is.
B00001QGPR|5.0|This CD takes 4 or more listens to fully appreciate the depth of the music and lyrics. This is the similar to the David Bowie music I grew up with during the 70s, and enjoy the most. His voice is as good as it's ever been.  I wouldn't recommend it to someone who is only familiar with his later  works. I  really like every song on the CD, there doesn't seem to be a bad  one in the bunch.
B000000OE7|5.0|I would like to start off by saying Scout is very very wrong! Queen didn't even put out an album until 1973(even later in the US!) so how could he be a follower since the late 60's? Now, on to the review! This album is  absolutley outstanding! The music is the mst touching on any Queen album!  No, it is not Queen's best, but which album is? They're ALL masterpieces!   Long live the memory of Freddie Mercury!
6302794331|5.0|Charles Dickens' masterpiece &quot;A Christmas Carol&quot; has been endlessly dramatized, adapted, rewritten, parodied, musicalized, folded, spindled, and mutilated to the point that it has nearly become just a  Yuletide ghost story.  Oddly enough, THE MUPPET CHRISTMAS CAROL brings  greater depth and humanity to the story than many recent versions.  The  story stays quite true to the original while allowing the Muppets to get  laughs by staying true to their established characters.  It might seem like  a strange combination, yet it plays beautifully.Michael Caine makes an  superb Scrooge.  His performance is on target all the way through, as he  subtly finds the hardness, cynical humor, pain, and ultimately, the joy for  life that's within Scrooge. And he automatically accepts the Muppets as the  various Dickens' characters, never letting on to the audience that it's all  a charade.THE MUPPET CHRISTMAS CAROL is a curiosity, in a way, but it is  also truely a treasure suitable for the whole family.
B00003003R|5.0|This cd shows how rock should be. Classics liek Welcome to the Jungle, Sweet Child of Mine, Novemember Rain, Estranged, Patience and more make this one of the greatest cds ever, if not the greatest. I have had it since  the day it was released and it has not left my cd player yet. It's one of  those great cd's you can listen to for hours upon hours. If you like rock  music buy this cd and you will definatly get your money worth. I can't wait  for the new stuff.
6305603847|5.0|This film is thought of in many different aspects, one is the way normal people see the film..&quot;oh its just a long boring movie about drugs and music&quot;. The other side of this movie (for the people that look for the  deep side in movies)in my option is extremely deep and emotional. Each time  you watch this movie you will either get a whole new storyline or a new  perspective. I have the film on tape but I have just ordered the DVD....  DEFINATE MUST SEE
0385484518|3.0|Everything you hear about it is true. 'nuf said.<br />peace -m
B00002Z88D|4.0|This CD makes Metallica's music sound fuller. It helps songs like Feul, and Until it Sleepz sound better. If your a metallica fan you probably will enjoy this, but if your not it won't change your opinion of them.
0345347951|2.0|After reading the glorious reviews of the 80+ other readers who decided to share their thoughts, I had high expectations for this novel. I was disappointed.  The plot is episodic and baggy, and the ending is corny, but  not in a hip retro-fashion either.  It's certainly not a  &quot;classic&quot; of science fiction.  Read Sturgeon or Asimov before you  waste your time on this.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Wow, what an experiance! Quite possibly one of the greatest albums ever!if not the greatest.Practically incomprehensible the first listen,OK COMPUTER reflects on the present,future and the future from Radioheads eyes.After  the initial first few listening sessions the tracks EXIT MUSIC and NO  SUPRISES have a tendancy to be firmly imprinted in your grey matter. Not to  mention the vocal highs and lows in PARANOID ANDRIOD courtesy of the bands  frontman (musical genius)Thom Yorke. Radiohead really took them selves  quite a few levels higher on the shelf with this release.This was  radioheads first album they produced themselves,and most of the material  was recorded in a stately home in Gloucestershire,UK.This is definately the  best album I have listened to and one of my most cherished possesions.An  extremely addictive album to play,it really strikes the nerve strings and  makes you shiver.It opened up my whole view on modren music,and some  astpects of my life.A very personal album for the band(and the listener)OK  COMPUTER is not the album to play at house partys. There is a follow up  video/documentory on the bands tour called MEETING PEOPLE IS EASY.This  video offers a larger insight into the album from the creators view(it also  contains a great track from scott walker).I am sure AMAZON will have it  avaliable if you want to purchase.I gave this album a 5 star rating,if I  could give it a 6 I would.I conclude with this,If you are reading this and  are deciding to buy the album after reading my review,don't.Buy this album  and discover it for yourself.It will take your pleasure levels to a special  place that is buetifal,sad,intense and pleasing.A satisfying album all over  from start to finish,every track is as good as the next.Thankyou for  reading this review.OK
0930289234|5.0|This book is a masterpiece, plain and simple.<br />Moore weaves several complex storylines, while creating the most amazing set of characters imaginable - superheroes with depth and with flaws! I've yet to come across  characters like Rorshach and Ozymandias in any novel.<br />In addition to  putting together an outlandish set of characters to go with the stories,  Moore also manages to turn the entire novel into an analysis on the meaning  of human existence in a way that is interesting without being too  preachy.<br />And he ties all of the storylines together in a way that leaves  you thinking about the book after you've finished it.<br />The artwork is  great as well.<br />BUY IT!
6305079900|4.0|This was a great movie.  The first time I saw it I was about 7 years old.  I especially liked the screen shots from &quot;inside&quot; of the terminators eyes.  You know, when it shows what he is seeing. The special  effects were cool (Example: the explosions).  Very good movie.  Very  original.
B000021XS0|5.0|I have been listening to Dream Theater since 1992. Every album I hear this awsome band, they seem to improve every time. The new album did not dissapoint me. It blew my mind away, and I will be an avid fan of Dream  Theater forever. I have been waiting for the sequal to Metropolis Pt.1  since I heard the prequal. My friend Steve and I looked for a song called  Metropolis Pt.2 on every every release of D.T's Images and words, and they  release the sequal as a phenominal album. This band absolutly rock!  From  your one of your greatest fans..... Mark Sigsworth.
6301016289|5.0|I have seen this movie over one hundred times and each time I watch it, it gets even better.  This movie will inspire you to go after whatever it is that you want out of life - love, wealth, power, or whatever - with a  vengeance!  It's about being 'poor, smart, and hungry' and 'winning a few,  losing a few, but you keep on fighting'.  No 'Ivy League schmucks' wanted  here!  It's about starting out with nothing and fighting and scratching  your way to the top - despite outside obstacles and the elitists trying to  keep you out.  Rugged American capitalism - work hard, work smart - and be  richly and justly rewarded.  Our free market is what has made our country  #1 and the envy of the entire world.  In America, anyone can succeed!  I  know it's only a movie, but it contains so many real world lessons.  This  movie is a true classic which captured an entire era - the 80's.  Great  lines, great scenes, this is my favorite movie of all time!   <br />PLEASE  E-mail FOXMOVIES@FOX.COM and demand that they put this movie out on DVD  immediately!
0451169514|5.0|This book was an excellent book. Although I have never read a Stephen King book in my life this made me a fan. Pure genius, creative, and scary. I live in a small town and I am 16 It brings back my younger day memories of  believing in a haunt;haunting;haunted. I recommend this to everybody who  needs a good book to read.
B00000IQMT|5.0|John Williams is a master of film scores.  If you know how to listen to music, his scores will tell you everything you need to know about the film without actually seeing it.  He is a master of programmic music.<br />I know  that Duel of the Fates is probably the most popular piece as it is easily  the most understood as well.  But don't overlook the rest of his work which  are much more interesting and some more complex than his most popular  numbers from the movie.
B000000WF0|4.0|The album has some very good songs. &quot;Bitter sweet symphony&quot; is maybe the best and the most original song of the decade. However, the quality of the rest of the album is below average.
B000002UWL|5.0|As much as I love all the PSB albums, this one is the best if only because it goes in so many directions.  This is NOT a good introduction to the group (for that, check out Actually or Introspective), but for the seasoned  listener, there is something wonderful about &quot;only the Winds&quot; big  bass chords, &quot;My October Symphony&quot;'s easy flowing orchestra and  fast pace, and of course, as everyone has said, &quot;Being Boring&quot;'s  epic tale of love and loss.
B000002C1X|2.0|None of Pink Floyd's albums really justify the hype, and this one is no exception. Individually, the song &quot;The Wall&quot; is appealing, but there isn't much else that really creates a desire to play this repeatedly.  That said, it's definitely better than the tremendously overhyped Dark Side  of the Moon, but still doesn't stand up to the achievements of the better  artists of that era. If you are looking to build your collection, better to  go for the Rolling Stones, Led Zep or Fleetwood Mac.
0446605409|3.0|Boozy detective on a heterosexual rampage along Long Island's normally quiet North Fork. Alcohol swilling detective John Corey uses his badge as a battering ram, commiting multiple felonies and misdemeanors in the pursuit  of vengeance for homicide victims. Due process and the constitution are  trashed as our testosterone-driven hero wreaks havoc on persons and  property, punching, shooting, and disemboweling his way into your heart.  Stereotypical bad guys include the sinister head of security at the Plum  Island facility and a sniveling winemaker. Definitely not Demille's best  effort, but it's still a hoot. Pick it up for some light summer reading.
B000002MY3|5.0|This recording definitely deserved the Grammy it won for \\"Best Album\\" in 1996. Talk about an insightful, early 20-something! A. Morissette  has heart, intelligence and an incisive way with words. And every song on the album is compelling. There's not a throw-away included! I liked all the songs that were released as singles. But I found two unreleased ones, \\"Forgiven\\" and \\"Mary Jane\\" to be  the songs that I appreciate the most, I think. \\"Forgiven,\\" about growing up Catholic, really captures the contradictions of wanting to embrace a religious faith, yet at the same time observing the negating aspects of an anti-body, anti-woman orthodoxy. \\"Mary Jane\\" is the only song on the album that contains  expressions of unambiguous tenderness and love.     There is a lot of anger on the album, which is why I think it is such an appropriate piece of art here in the late 20th century. This album  deserved it's huge sales. Alanis Morissette is a talented poet, and  an expressive vocalist. And she has a spiritual quality that shines through even the difficult subject matter of some of the songs.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I just saw this movie. I really like this movie, its fast pace action is wonderful. Don't even think about doing anything while you watch this movie!
B00000AFWW|5.0|This cd is amazing! I bought it when it came out last year and I'm still listening to it.Each time I listen to a song over it's like I'm hearing it for the 1st time again.Anyways,about the album,Courtney's voice is so  beautiful and pure on this record.Eric as well as Courtney still have the  awesome guitar riffs on there.Melissa is spectacular on the bass and Patty  can hit the drums like no other!There is a lot of talent here! 12 tracks  and everyone of them are a hit song.Of course everyone has heard Celebrity  Skin(and if you haven't where have you been! )But there are a lot of  other great songs that weren't a video,like BOYS ON THE RADIO.WOW!That song  is briliant.And also Northern  Star.It is amazing.Courtney gave her all on  that song and you can feel it..Other tracks as well as the 2 mentioned are  spectacular.Heaven Tonight will make you smile,Reasons To Be Beautiful will  make you think about life.As i said before,Every song is a winner.This is a  MUST HAVE cd.This band is the best and you just can't go wrong with this cd  or any other cd put out by this amazing band!
0770423345|1.0|First there were giants of the literary world: Joyce, Wells, and Wilde, geniuses who had mastered the human psyche and emotions and observed society in a brand new way. Then there was Margaret Atwood, annd she did  writeth Cat's Eye and the world did cringe... and the lord sayeth to the  world &quot; See what your sins have brought you&quot; and 'twas true, for  this book was truly another plague upon the world. In short, we didn't like  it. Margaret Atwood is nothing like these people. C.Donkin and G.Powell,  two very embittered English students.
B000002UJQ|5.0|ok computer is simply the most prolific   musical work of recognizable memory. an expirience beyond interpretation. analyze the lyrics. you will be affected. simply musical genius. it will be looked back on as  a classic  album of the era. if not all time. thom's voice is just another instrument  in the band. this is displayed on tracks such as no surprises where the  words almost seem to fall over each other. it does not matter what kind of  music you listen to. you will not be disapointed. masterpiece. this will  become your favorite addition to your  collection.
B00002E23H|3.0|Can't find Jaws at the video store?  Now you can choose between Piranha and Deep Blue Sea for moderately suspenseful rip-offs.<br />Renny Harlin manages to give suspense to a very stupid story, mostly by ripping off some  of the scenes in Jaws shot by shot. Some of the death scenes seemed to  possess more comic timing than horror timing, particularly the demise of  Samuel L. Jackson.  The special effects are an improvement over Piranha and  Jaws, but one should expect this as both movies are more than 20 years old.  Deep Blue Sea lacks Jaws' human element.  No Robert Shaw's portrayal of a  salty old sailor, no youthful Richard Dreyfus playing a smart-aleck shark  expert to elevate this movie beyond shlock.<br />This movie has no logic, is  loaded with pseudo-scince and follows the routines of the traditional  b-movie with gusto by placing the characters in so much jeopardy that any  character development is immaterial.  In other words, a traditional, taught  thrill ride.  Not particularly memorable, but fun.
B00000K3UU|5.0|#1 comedy of the year. This movie will make you laugh, and cry. It will astonish all ages.
B00000JWVO|5.0|this is the best musical video I have ever seen! Sure it's not the same as live but movies aren't! Rosemarie Ford, John Partridge, and Veerle Casteleyn were absolutely wonderful! I can sing And dance the whole thing!  I can play every part! I watch this movie before I go to school,when i get  home from school, and before i go to bed! I love it! A definite must have!
B000002AHM|5.0|How does one describe a music jewel? I can't.  This record defined for me the Guitar Hero.  And John, Al and Paco are three GUITAR HEROES that heaven must have gathered at the same time in the same place.  I only wish I could  have been that Friday Night in San Francisco to see it with my own eyes.  For those of you who, just like me, were not that lucky, this CD is a must.
0783226837|5.0|This movie rocks.  I look for DVD's that I know I can watch over and over again.  This is one of those movies.
B00000K2SE|5.0|The Matrix is an entangling ride that goes down to the deepest of our fears: The fear that our lives are nothing but lies, anything but real. In the pursuit of creating a concept of fate (as opposed to our lives being  one big controlled experiment by our own creations -- darn it's hard to do  a review without giving out too much information -- :)), a seemingly  ordinary hacker with some extraordinary powers goes on a quest to reclaim  humanity.. Keanu plays one of his better roles, Laurence is absolutely  marvelous as Morpheus and Carrie-Ann gives the impression that she reallly  is in the movie business to stay.. Get it.. NOW :)
0440211727|5.0|I just finished reading this book and I LOVED IT!  In my opinion it was much better than the movie.  I thought that it was full of emotion and detail, and it really got me thinking.  It was my first John Grisham book,  and I will definitely read another one!  READ THIS BOOK!  :-)
B000000WCV|5.0|No, really.  Serious.  Has there been anything better?  Will there be anything better?  Fatboy may be the man now, but Thomas and Guy reign supreme even 4 years later.  Just look at Stardust.  By far, this is the  best dance album ever.
0920668372|5.0|There is such a touching bond between a mother and son.  I had this book when my son was 5 (he is now 16) and we still say this phrase to each other.  I have searched for this and am elated to find again as I loaned my  first copy out and it was never returned to me.  I have ordered 2 copies 1  for myself and the other for my step-daughter and grandson.
0784011796|5.0|I was somewhat skeptical when I heard the premise of this movie, but intrigued as well. Deciding to see the movie was one of the best decisions I have made. It was very interesting and exciting. This is not what I would  call passive movie viewing, because the entire time, your mind is working  to keep up with the plot and the main character, Max. I recommend it  highly.
B000000WF0|3.0|There are good songs on this album, Sonnet, The Drugs Don't work, Bittersweet Symphony, are all good, but i don't understand where people get off calling this album one of the best of the decade.  I'm sorry, to me, it  sounds like everything else, and to hear the rolling people as a total Jimi  Hendrix riff rip off didn't hold favour with me at all.  Granted i'm not a  huge brit pop connoisseur, but i still think if there is any band to praise  heavily from England its radiohead.  I'm sorry, there are some good songs,  but it didn't grab me, like everyone promised it would.
B00003003R|3.0|This cd is ok but to me it was a rushed effort they should have done a live box set consisting of a couple cds from 87 onward and where the hell was civil war and wild horses from their Paris 92 gig which was cool!   All  in all ok cd purchase but could have been so much more.
B0000025L8|5.0|That's right, all the critics who wrote this brilliant, inspired, ambitious, and dazzlingly creative album off as self-indulgent garbage should be shipped off to a deserted island and forced to listen to nothing  but Matchbox 20 for the next decade.  <br />It's almost unbelievable that one  of the leaders of the first-wave of British punk could have dared to  release an album this complex and genre-defying.  You must have an open  mind to appreciate it, and you must listen to it multiple times.   Lyrically, it is stunning and even heartbreaking at times (Something About  England, The Call-Up - they just don't write songs like this anymore!)  But  the music is where the Clash stood head and shoulders above all their peers  - in fact, so far above them that most of them just scratched their heads  in confusion.  <br />This album features (deep breath) rockabilly, soul, jazz,  calypso, reggae, dub, hard rock, ballads, R&amp;B, disco, waltz, gospel,  rap.... and some songs I'm not even sure how to classify.  And astoundingly  enough, it's almost all pulled off marvelously, and all still retains that  unmistakable Clash Essence.  The band drew on influences from the world  over and created a real testament to the power of music to inspire and move  people.  The Call-Up is the greatest protest song ever.  Broadway shows a  moment of geniuine compassion you almost never find in rock music anymore.   One More Time and One More Dub are perfect complements, gorgeous, ominous  reggae.  <br />Was it better than London Calling?  You better believe it.   Sandinista was the greatest rock album ever.  Bar none.  Buy it now.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This CD is so cool.  The awesome lyrics, the cool tunes, the phat beats.  It's all cool.  The tracks are so cool like &quot;Just Like This&quot;, &quot;Nookie&quot;, &quot;Break Stuff&quot;, &quot;N 2 Gether Now&quot;,  &quot;9 Teen 90 Nine&quot;, and many others.  Method Man and Jonathan Davis  are awesome in this CD.  It's deffinately a 5 star rating.  Anyone who gets  the chance buy this CD.
B00000DGUG|1.0|I used to be her fan, but now, very sorry to myself, i have to confess that her new songs really annoying me.  Nowadays, its better still to listen to Natalie Imbruglia.<br />The only songs i love is Thank You.  This is  rteally upseting me cos i expect somnething like Jagged Little Pill
0385484518|5.0|This book is well worth reading. It helps to remind us of what life is really all about. The importance of family, friends, inner peace, and even the quite beauty of nature. There are many simple, but important lessons to  be learned between these pages. <br />I really enjoyed this book, although it  would have been an even more inspiring story if the author had set up a  donation of each book sale to the ALS Foundation (the terminal illness  Morry was dying from).
6305594252|4.0|Stargate is one of the best science fiction films of the last decade.  The story line is very original and keeps you very entertained throughout this movie.  On the other hand, the DVD version of this film is one of the worst  DVD transfers to date.  Some of the coloring is off, and the fact that you  have to flip the disk over in mid movie is just annoying.  Stargate is a  great movie, but I would suggest the VHS version instead.
B00003003R|5.0|Well, let's see, how can I start. When the first song, &quot;Nighttrain&quot; from Appetite For Destruction starts to play, you know this is going to be one amazing experience. Guns N' Roses did not in  any way suffer from the curse that some bands have, that being no emotion  live. This album contains the very best work of the band, from they're  blazing hard hitters like &quot;Welcome To The Jungle&quot; and &quot;Out  to Get Me&quot; to their powerful slow songs, like &quot;November  Rain&quot; and &quot;Estranged&quot;. The cover songs like &quot;It's  Alright&quot; and &quot;Knockin' On Heaven's Door&quot; are great, too.  Slash will be missed, but I still can't wait for Chinese Democracy! GN'R  FOREVER!
B00001YXH6|5.0|This is a true cross between the circus and broaway. It has so much passion, laughter and life relationships, that anyone can and should relate to it. It is a MUST SEE for anyone who is a fan of the theater.
0345350499|5.0|My mother's favorite book was Mists of Avalon.  I remember seeing it on the shelves next to her bed when I was teenager.  She told me once that it was the best book she had ever read.  My mother died when I was 18 and  somehow, the book disappeared.  For my nineteenth b-day, my best friend(not  knowing the history)gave it to me as a gift.  I found it amazing that the  two people I had felt the most connected with both loved the book.  That in  itself was enough reason for me to start reading.  The length is somewhat  intimidating but when you're finished, it seems oh so short.  I was  intrigued from the beginning.  I read every day...all I wanted to do was  read.  Even though my beliefs are more of the Christian variety, I was  touched by the story.  Mists... made me treasure the relationship I had  with my mother and the bond we had.  I will never forget this novel.
B000001OAA|5.0|When I first purchased this album we were in the swells of a grunge revolution.  I was a teen-age girl in a flannel shirt then and everything I lisened to was heavy, guitar driven, musical slop  about depression, how  your parents didn't understand me, and that all men were evil creatures  after one thing.  Then one night on MTV's 120 Minutes a tall red head  appeared on the screen and started crooning a song called &quot;Vow&quot;.  I was transfixed.  Here was a incredibly sexy women (with an incredible  voice) demanding to be heard.  The next day I ran out to the record store  and bought their sell titled debut album.  Every song on it said something  differrent to me, each song a story.  It was a testament to my  not-quite-fully-developed beliefs and it truly taught how to be a woman and  to get what I want.  Not to mention that in a period of truly ragged music,  it breathed new life into a music industry that was fixated on on greasy  haired twenty-something males with questionable or no talent at all.
0140131558|5.0|There's a very weird moment near the beginning of The Locked Room, the last book in this short trilogy.  The narrator takes the manuscript of a missing friend's fiction to a literary editor he knows and calls back a few  days later to see what the editor thinks.  The editor says that while the  book is perfectly okay (typical bet-hedging), there's something mysterious  about it that he can't put his finger on, that he can't get the book out of  his mind, and so on.  Which is exactly what the perplexed reader has been  telling him or herself for the previous 200 pages.  They tell me that these  books use the model of detective fiction - apart from the middle book, you  could have fooled me.  The diction is like no thriller ever written;  Auster's style is utterly clean, clear and neutral, almost as if English  isn't his first language, yet when you gaze into the pool of his style it  shows you nothing but the reflection of your own face.  This book is so  clever that it should be boring and sterile, but it's not; it's filled with  panic, dread and the terror of loneliness.  (Beautifully pointed up when,  in the first book, the hero Quinn meets Paul Auster and his beautiful wife  and son; Auster has said that he wrote City of Glass as a sort of inverted  autobiography of what his life would have been like if he hadn't met his  current wife.)   Auster's more recent work occasionally lapses into an  irritatingly faux-naif style (he's one of the only serious writers I can  think of who'll use a sentence like &quot;Nothing would ever be the same  again&quot; without irony) but he's still got the same storytelling magic  he first exercised in the New York Trilogy.  A friend of mine calls him  Paul Austere.  I quite like the sound of that.
B000003BF1|5.0|This IS the best rock &amp; roll album ever. This album is all about Keith Richards, from his songwriting, to his guitar dominating all but two songs. Mick Taylor did, however, play a large part in the evolution of  Country Honk into Honky Tonk Women, but this early country version is  excellent and interesting with slightly different verses. This album  surpasses all others by the stones, because the songs are simply excellent  through the entire album.
0964385619|3.0|This book was just plain painful to read.  He's got about five decent points but takes a couple hundred pages to make them.   I liked some of his concepts, even if they're out of reach of most americans.  The information  in the book is much better suited for a several page magazine article. Most  of us don't need to hear the same thing said fifteen different ways!  Of  course, the author can't make much money writing magazine articles.
0345350499|5.0|This book was incredibly wonderful, I was hooked from the start.  Bradley did an fantastic job portraying Avalon as a mystical, wonderful place.  Telling the legend from a womans perspective is ingenius!
B000001ELR|4.0|As one reviewer pointed out, it's ironic (and unfortunate) that one of Kiss's best albums came during the worst period of backlash in their career.  Too bad, because this one goes well beyond the realm of  &quot;pop-metal&quot; that they're usually associated with.  A LOT of  collabartion with outside artists, even for a Kiss album- and it REALLY  pays off (By the way- is that Bryan Adams, as in &quot;Summer of '69&quot;  Bryan Adams?  If it is, I'm SHOCKED.)  The heavy makeup really seems to fit  the heavy sound of this album better than any previous release- ANOTHER  irony, considering Kiss would soon take the makeup off.  &quot;I Love It  Loud&quot; should be the REAL Kiss anthem (as opposed to Rock &amp; Roll  All Night), the title track is awesome, and &quot;War Machine&quot; was  heavy enough to be covered by Rob Zombie!  The other songs are just decent,  but Rock &amp; Roll Hell is interesting, in light of what was going on with  Ace at the time.  Which reminds me- which &quot;half song&quot; did he play  on anyway (referring to his own review at the top of this page)?  I'm a  huge Ace Frehley fan, but I always figured he didn't play a single note on  this album.  Great as Ace may be, Vinnie Vincent is truly the man who saved  Kiss at this point.  Too bad Gene &amp; Paul don't give him his due- though  they might if he wasn't so &quot;misled&quot; (as Bruce Kulick puts it).   Getting back to the album, Gene's demonic vocals REALLY live up to his  makeup design on this album- no pop-sounding &quot;ear-candy&quot; here!  I  think he might have taken it a little far on Lick It Up (the album), but  that's for a whole other review.  Despite all the mistakes throughout their  career (and there are PLENTY), Kiss is one of the greatest bands of all  time, and they always will be, as can be seen from this album.
0767802519|5.0|The first time I saw this movie, I got stuck. This is the best movie I haw seen in my life. In contains action, friendship and a little &quot;love&quot;. But if you havent seen it. See the full length because  if you see the cut version you will not understand what really happens.  Natalie Portman rules and Jean Reno makes his best performance so far.....
0192834711|5.0|An excellent suspense novel that will keep you turning the pages.  As one expects with a Wilke Collins novel, the characters are fully developed, the plots are intertwined, and the outcome remains a surprise.  Truly a master  of the genre!  You'll enjoy every word.
B00000K2SC|4.0|Yea yea no one like Keanu Reeves. I dont know why but everyone like this movie but hates him. Well he seems to fit this movie like a glove but I do admit Im sick of his same old acting technique. Its a sci fi thriller ment  to jar reality as we know it (THE MATRIX HAS YOU). The only thing I really  didnt like about this movie was the end...it made Keanu Reeves into a  godlike honkie from Tibet (metaphorically). Oh well watch it Im sure you'll  like it.
0064400557|4.0|Charlotte's Web is written by E.B White . It deals with life and death as an animal . Wilbur is a fussy pig owned by Homer Zuckerman a farmer . Charlotte is an understanding common grey spider that lives on the farm with Wilbur . Charlotte and Wilbur are the best of friends . Will Wilbur be  saved from Charlottes tricky games? This tale is highly reccomended for the  language and complicated story line . Children and Adults aged 8 and over  will enjoy reading this book .
0783226160|5.0|John Belushi is my favorite actor and since he has very few movies since his death I really enjoy him in this one. Its a total frat movie and it defines the rule for the beginning of the Animal House series of  fraturnaties. I am not a frat boy but I love the genre of this movie. John  Belushi saying &quot;Toga Toga&quot; always brings a tear to my eye. So  suck back a cold one on me and watch this movie you wont regret it.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I was a little disappointed at first, I thought the screaming of the guitar was a little excessive. But then I listened harder and realized that this is an amazing rock album. Not since the hey dey of Simon and Garfunkel  and Crosby Stills and Nash has a band been so upfront about political  issues. Aside from that the music itself kicks some serious glutious. Get  it.
B000001AKM|5.0|THIS IS NOT MY FAVORITE BUT I LOVE DOING MY HOUSEWORK WITH THIS PIECE IT JUST MOTIVATES ME...I HAVE ALWAYS LOVE LIONEL VOICE EVEN WHEN HE WAS WITH THE COMMODORES.  I SAW HIM PERFORM IN CINCINNATI DOING DANCING ON THE  CEILING.  HE IS SO TALENTED, HE DOES NOT HAVE A BAD SONG THAT I HAVE HEARD.
1573301183|5.0|I am so impressed by A.I.C.  Their live performance is just incredible....I am still sitting with my mouth hanging open....in awe...If you enjoy music....and you have taste....this video is for you :-)
6302797535|5.0|I first saw this film when I was about 7 and my sister and I though it was a riot.  Twenty years later, and now knowing who the characters being spoofed are, I still think this is one of the funniest, cutest movies in  the world.  Every single cast member is hilarious.  Alec Guiness is at his  absolute best, I think.
B000002N2P|5.0|I love Green Day.  Green Day was the first Alternative band I really enjoyed.  This, being the first Green Day CD I bought, is a must have to any Green Day fan.  You're not a Green Day fan if you don't have this one.   GEEK STINK BREATH ROCKS.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|If you're only going to buy one Jimi Hendrix cd, or one cd for that matter, make it this one!
B00000K19E|5.0|If i can give you one piece of advice today is GET THIS MOVIE NOW!  Not only did it have one of THE best ORIGINAL plots ive seen in long time but the special effect are out of this world!  Keanu reeves... i used to hate  his acting but he redeemed himself big time in this movie.. as well as  great acting from the support cast aswell.. buy it.. enjoy it!
0800141865|5.0|Any movie with Courtney Love in it is worth watching. She has to be one of the most under rated actors of our age. Courtney, Woody, and Ed Norton are just excellent. My only complaint is that the DVD didn't have any extras.  Some commentary from Milos Forman, or Courtney Love would have been  fantastic.
0385484518|5.0|This was a wonderful insperational story by Mitch Albom. It made me look very carefuly at my life and has inspired me to be a more truthfull loving person.  I cried during several parts of this book, it truly touched me and  I will always be gratefull to Mitch for this great story.
0425170349|1.0|The greatest problem with this book is it's dire predictability. From the start, we are given a series of absurdly contrived 1970's style terrorist operations that are thwarted by Rainbow, an unbelievable counter terrorist  group made up apparently of the toughest soldiers on the face of the  planet.... Meanwhile, a bunch of loonie environmentalists have decided to  kill of just about everyone on the planet with a hardened version of the  Ebola virus.<br />I could have put up with the sexism, ignorance and the  complete stupidity if it had been written with any verve, style, humour,  irony or, indeed, inventiveness. Instead, the story proceeds like a train.  It starts, it progresses to obvious, well sign posted points along the way.  And then comes to a sputtering halt. Throughout its 890 very ordinary  pages, there is not a single digression, red herring, plot twist or  surprise.<br />And if Clancy is going to write about Sydney and Australians,  the least he could have done is visit and talk to some of us. According to  Clancy, we all talk like Englishmen. There is no more detail about Sydney  than you could pick up from a travel agent - he could have at least looked  up a Frommers, a Let's Go or a Rough Guide (well maybe not a Rough Guide -  probably too left wing for him...). He also fails to mention any  significant detail about the Australian SAS, in particular their recent  tragic history.<br />All in all this book is a failure. It's plot is  ridiculous and predictible, the writing is barely functional, the  characters and situations are shallow and cliched. The saving grace is that  it was well manufactured - after a week of reading it there were no creases  in the spine.
B00002E23H|5.0|I can understand a bad review from anyone who watched this movie expecting a cinematic masterpiece. The Godfather it is not. But what it is is an action packed, adrenaline pumping, unpredictable struggle against a  creature genetically altered by us to be something it was never supposed to  be. I've seen this movie 4 times, and I loved it all four times. If you are  at all aware of your own mortality, this movie will scare the hell out of  you! My eyes never left the screen for even one minute. And while the plot  is fictional, it is based on very real facts. Sharks dont ever lose brain  cells (or get cancer for that matter), and the ability to genetically alter  an organism in such a manner does indeed exist. I cant really understand  the reviews that say the movie is boring and predictable with a far fetched  plot, but i guess everyone is entitled to their own opinion. But if you  like action and suspense, and the thought of being eaten alive by a 30 foot  long fish terrifies you, watch this movie!
B000002UAX|2.0|&quot;The White Album&quot; is quite possibly the most overrated alum in history, followed closely by the Beatles &quot;Sgt. Peppers&quot;.  The Beatles, poor musicians, rely heavily upon studio technology to polish  their work.  One could argue that producer George Martin is far more  valuable then talentless drummer Ringo Starr.  The Beatles never really  toured after their early days, and there was no edge to their music.  They  only could write bubble gum pop songs like the hideous &quot;Rocky  Racoon&quot;.  On the other hand, the Stones would never write such drivel.   Their classic &quot;Exile on Main St.&quot; not only eclipses every Beatle  album ever made, but every album ever made period.  I am willing to  challenge every Beatle fan on this one.  I will go as far to say that the  Stones &quot;Emotional Rescue&quot; is better then &quot;Abbey Road&quot;.
B00000K2SC|1.0|This movie is bad, and I don't mean &quot;bad&quot; in the sense of &quot;funky bad&quot; or some kind of negative slang for &quot;good&quot;.  It reeks.  A ridiculous plot, saddled with some of the worst acting in  living memory it stumbles along with dialogue that seems to have been  lifted directly from bad &quot;Friends&quot; episodes.  Every time my eyes  began to glaze over there was some startling special effect to wake me up,  but that's just not enough.  A movie needs to do more than simply keep you  awake.  For those who thought Armageddon and ID4 were good pictures you  won't be disspointed.  For the intelligent human however and especially for  science fiction fans, this movie holds absolutely nothing.
B00000ILBK|1.0|Subject says it all really... pants, total pants with an extra lashing of pants!
6302775302|5.0|The video shows Dire Straits during two of their shows on the &quot;on every street&quot; tour. This captures the band at their very best. Mark Knopfler's guitar seems to be part of him, and it is through the instrument  that he expresses himself. Played by nine of the best musicians in the  world the songs move from the loud, angry sound of heavy fuel to the  beautiful yet haunting Romeo and Juliet. Best moment of the video? Phil  Palmer's guitar work on Romeo and Juliet and the guitar/drum exchanges  between Mark and Chris Whitten in Brothers in Arms. Worth life itself.
B000021XS0|5.0|Combining Rush,Queensryche,Tool,Zappa,Floyd with a serious thought provoking opera, what do you get? The best damn LP of the decade!  Get this and it will still be in the CD player when you go to have it fixed!
B00000J7J4|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS ABSOLUTELY THE BEST I HAVE HEARD IN QUITE SOME TIME.  I LOVE THE VARIETY OF ARTISTS THAT ARE INCLUDED.  THE MINUTE I SAW THE VIDEO OF &quot;SMOOTH&quot; ON VH1, I KNEW I HAD TO HAVE THE CD.  I RECOMMENDED THE  CD TO MY SISTER AND SHE LOVES IT AS MUCH AS I DO.  I HOPE THAT ANOTHER CD  IS CURRENTLY BEING CONSIDERED BUT HOW CAN THEY TOP THIS ONE?  CARLOS  SANTANA AND HIS CREW DID AN OUTSTANDING JOB.  THANKS FOR THE HOURS OF  ENJOYMENT THIS CD HAS PROVIDED FOR ME.
0385334206|2.0|I didn't read the book, but I saw the movie (which by the way filmed near my hometown). It stars Bruce Willis as the wacky Dwane Hoover.  the movie to me was OK
B000001ED1|5.0|I bought this album so I could own the song &quot;One of Us.&quot; I never expected the rest of the album to be so darn good. Osborne is a deeply soulful, passionate singer, a mixture of Bonnie Raitt, Aretha Franklin, and  Stevie Nicks all rolled into one. The songs are mostly blues based rock and  roll, and the pop hit &quot;One of Us&quot; actually has a more mainstream  pop sound than the other tunes. But the other songs are just trememdous.  &quot;Right Hand Man&quot; and &quot;Let's just Get Naked&quot; are sexy  songs, and &quot;Spider Web&quot; is an intense dream that Osborne relates  about Ray Charles. Practically all the songs are outstanding. Buy this  album.
0780627024|5.0|I 13 years of age loved it and everything in it! go get it today
B00002DE0S|5.0|It is hard not to get cynical about the modern classical music business, where media-hyped stars crank out recording after meaningless recording of a handful of overused war horses that possess the unfortunate quality of  commercial appeal.  It often seems inconceivable that the pieces (for  example, the Chopin and Tchaikovsky Piano Concerti, the Beethoven,  Mendelssohn and Sibelius Violin Concerti, the Brahms Symphonies, etc. etc.)  could still be rescued from this exploitation.  Zimerman and his orchestra  utterly refute any such pessimism.  They restore two of the most sadly  abused pieces to an almost shocking level of authenticity, freshness, and  immediacy.  It's not enough to say they have a deep understanding of this  music.  No: they have it in their blood, it is completely natural to them,  the speak Chopin's idiom as if it were their mother tongue.  The result is  one of the most atmospheric, intimate, moving, beautiful, interesting  recordings I have ever heard.  You have to go deep into the history of  recorded music to find comparable achievements.  I am thinking of the  Cortot-Thibaud-Casals collaborations, Furtwaengler's Beethoven Symphonies,  Oistrach's and Barshai's Sinfonia Concertante, and a few others.  Without a  question, this is the most important (and the most enjoyable) classical  recording in years.  Buy it!  It will blow you away.
B000000WFU|2.0|I was frankly very disappointed, especially after reading all the positive comments from other reviewers.  I wanted to like this CD, but it's definitely not on a par with Loreena McKennitt or Delerium or Enigma.  The  songs are too similar to each other.  The mood is not reflective or  mysterious, and not particularly sensual.  The sound is reminiscent of  Enya, but without even her range of variety.
B00001ZWBQ|5.0|Saw on cable and searched for this DVD.  Got DVD with DTS sound coded and it is magical!  If you are a Bee Gees fan, this is one item you shall not miss.  Brought back a lot of memories.
B000002UDB|5.0|If stars could talk, I'd give this seven! The drums keep the beat and the guitars just keep on strumming!  The most fun is trying to guess who is in each suit.  If you play it backwards, it makes no sense.
B000002LLC|5.0|madonna did NOT win an academy award for &quot;sooner or later&quot;, stephen sondheim (who wrote it, in case you care) did.
0790732254|5.0|While not everyone's cup of java, this picture, which is based on Edward Albee's awarded winning play is excellently acting by all concerned. The film received 5 academy awards, and  playwright Albee(who had no hand in  the film's making) was quite pleased with the outcome.The whole movie takes  place during a bizarre single night; George Segal and Sandy Dennis are the  young couple invited for drinks at George and Martha's home, and they are  in for quite a visit! Elizabeth Taylor's slovenly portrayal of Martha is a  modern classic while Burton gives a fine, modulated delineation of her  husband, George. From the very beginning of the film George and Martha have  made strange references to their son. Ultimately, we realize he is a  fabrication which was used as a weapon in their continuing battle with each  other; it is a night filled with truth and illusion.Taylor won the AA for  her playing of Martha and Sandy Dennis won the best supporting AA for her  easily sickened Honey.
B000002UAX|5.0|This album is not for a man who has a bad musical taste. The White Album is the greatest album by the  greatest band of all time.  Almost everyone I know who has  a genuine interest in music agrees with me. It is one of the  few genuine works of art in rock, the whole effortlessly  transcending the  sum of the individual tracks.
B000005IU2|5.0|When I first listened to this CD, I could not believe what I was hearing. Down on the street is so Raw this CD should be in the meat department at the supermarket. This is the ultimate Iggy album.
B000002GVO|4.0|I love the title track. it's a classic rock guitar tune. I like the edgy &quot;New Kid in Town.&quot; &quot;Life in the Fast Lane&quot; is a classic party tune. And &quot;Victim of Love is a good, slow driving song.  But  some of the other tunes are more on the filler side. It's good. But I would  stick with the two Eagles' Greatest Hits albums. That will be enough for  most listeners.
B00000AF95|4.0|during the making of this album, paul took responsibility of the band. his song writing and voice is very strong, creative melodies, and eric's drums are great. you'll want to listen to it over, and over.
B0000025RI|4.0|It's hard to be neutral about this album, because it's been played to death over the radio, or to be neutral about this artist, who has been hyped to death by himself and others. So judging strictly the music, I'd  have to say that the album is very good. \\"Beat It\\" and \\"Billie Jean\\" are the best songs on the  album and probably the best songs Michael ever recorded as a solo artist. The title track is fun, and it was great to see it reprised in the movie \\"13 Going on 30.\\" \\"Wanna Be Startin' Something is good, if you could figure out what the heck he's singing about. The rest of the tunes don't quite hit the high standards of the previous compositions. \\"Human Nature\\" is a nice kiddie sounding ballad. \\"The Girl is Mine\\" is a dopey duet between Paul McCartney and Jackson. And the last two songs on the  album are forgettable.     And since all of the great songs on this cd are available on Michael's HIStory Hits collection, I'd go with the latter.
0964385619|4.0|Rich Dad Poor Dad makes a very important distinction between doing what the rich did vs. acting like you're rich. So many people buy the things that rich people buy and spend as if they were rich rather than taking the  actions the rich take to get rich. This point alone makes the book  valuable.<br />Be patient with writing and the redundancy. Robert Kiyosaki  does not claim to be a great writer and he is right. He presents his points  and uses redundancy rather than clarity to make them. If you let this get  to you you'll miss the valuable messages.
B000003BDJ|5.0|What? You don't own any Rolling Stones albums? Then don't hesitate and go out and buy this one. This is the best album to get if you've never heard the Stones before. Then if you like it (and even if you don't like it), go  out and get &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot; and &quot;Exile on Main  Street.&quot; Then you'll be Stoned.
B000002UAU|2.0|I fell for the hype myself a long time ago, but it didn't last long. Apart from A Day In The Life and A Little Help From My Friends, who really listens to this anymore? It's pretty damn fluffy and incredibly pretentious  at the same time. A triumph of production to be sure, but stuff like Lovely  Rita or Being For The Benefit Of Mr. Kite haven't aged at all well and led  to further silliness like Magical Mystery Tour. The most thoughtful track  is George Harrison's Within You And Without You, but even that is a tough  slog to sit through. Antiquated and often cutesy arrangements are also a  problem, and maybe a product of too much acid on everyone's part. If you  want prime Beatles, go to Past Masters, Abbey Road, parts of The White  Album, and a couple of tracks of Let It Be. This is really overblown and  not worth it at all.
B000002KGT|5.0|This is a great album, and certainly far better than anything else the Mac ever recorded. Some hints of things to come were on their previous self-titled record. But this is a leap forward musically for the band.  Almost every song was a radio hit and deservedly so. The best songs tend to  be the edgier songs of Lindsay Buckingham (&quot;Go Your Own Way,&quot;  &quot;Second Hand News,&quot; &quot;The Chain&quot;). But equally fine is  Stevie Nicks' &quot;Gold Dust Woman&quot; and Christine McVie's &quot;You  Make Loving Fun.&quot; I'm a little sick of their song &quot;Don't  Stop&quot; because of its association with the Clinton-Gore campaign.  (Don't you hate how commercials and campaigns are taking classic rock tunes  and using them as jingles?). But otherwise, this album is a classic that  you should buy.
0671027344|4.0|The Perks of Being a Wallflower is not the typical depiction of  a boy's &quot;coming of age&quot;. All too often, writers spit out books claiming to capture the &quot;real&quot; teenage experience, and all too often these  books turn out to be a middle-aged writer's portrayal of those  &quot;hoodlums&quot; who egg her house on cabbage night. What keeps The  Perks of Being a Wallflower , from falling to that level is that  the  author, Stephen Chbosky, writes the book in a format that doesn't allow his  personal biases to sway the accuracy or objective angle of the story.   The book is actually what seems to be a compilation of letters written by a  boy named Charlie. Although the letters don't reveal where he lives, his  last name, or the identity of the recipient, they  allow the reader to  understand the naive, curious, and mildly insane workings of Charlie's  sixteen-year-old mind.   Charlie begins the novel by  succinctly  introducing himself to the recipient of the letters and then begins to  write down his everyday experiences, his quiet ponderings and his most  hated pet-peeves. He remains brutally honest as he takes the reader through  every moment of his first year of high school. The reader can laugh at a  year of experiences - his first girlfriend, his first smoke,and his almost  unusual love for literature. However, the reader must also share the pain  found inherently in the life of a teenager  as well as the suicide of his  close friend and a tragic revelation about his late Aunt Helen. This last  trial proves to be more than Charlie can handle and he's forced to retreat  from reality for a while by spending a few weeks in a hospital.  Fortunately, he makes it back in just time to gracefully conclude the novel  and start his sophomore year.  Comparable to Salinger's Catcher in the  Rye, The Perks of Being a Wallflower genuinely tells the tale of a modern  adolescent. Like Holden,  Charlie opens himself up to the reader and  displays his deepest emotions and problems. Both Charlie and Holden seem to  struggle between passion and passivity  and each adamantly resist the  &quot;phony.&quot;  Co-published by MTV the novel gives off a sarcastic  &quot;Daria&quot; - like vibe which seems to balance the seriousness of the  potent realism.  With every page and every moment, the reader can find  something both hilarious and devastating.
B000001EIA|4.0|This is a great rock and roll album. It is the best album on the largely boring MTV UNplugged series. This is really the first Unplugged album with any kind of a pulse. &quot;Goin Blind,&quot; &quot;2000 Man,&quot;  &quot;Plaster Caster,&quot; Sure Know Something,&quot; and &quot;Rock  Bottom&quot; are great tunes. And &quot;Rock and Roll All Nite&quot; is an  emotionally raucous song that brings back a lot of great memories for KISS  fans. My only complaint about this album is the asinine lyrics, which is  really too bad because the music is just so doggone good. Some of the  lyrics are an embarrassment in sexual braggadocio and the dehumanizing of  women (&quot;Domino,&quot; &quot;Plaster Caster&quot;). I'm not against  songs that deal with sex and love, but I am against it if it dehumanizes  peopel and treats women as sex objects and men as Someone may counter by  saying that that's rock and roll, but I would say not necessarily. Some of  the best albums I've ever heard had nary a hint of a double entendre, let  alone some of the lustful material that shows up here.
6305308659|5.0|My heavens, what's all the controversy about the message?  I don't see how any American could not understand and be in sympathy.<br />But forget all that nonsense, this is a movie to be enjoyed.  Perfectly paced, perfectly cast.   Sometimes, maybe by accident, a movie is made where everything is just  right.  There's no need to say more about the cast or the dialogue.  See  it, own it, make sure your kids have it too, along with all the classics.   Not for the harmless and obvious message, but because it's a gentle work of  fine art that will nurture the character of anyone who sees it.
0812523334|5.0|It is my opinion that this book is a very well writen book. I encourage everyone and anyone to read this book. But I must warn you about a certain copy of this book that I ordered...To every on that bends the binding of  the paperbacks when their reading, DO NOT get the Mass Market paperback (so  what, if it's only $3.19!). I am one of those people who bends the binding.  When I was reading the Mass Market LW the cover began to fall off. Now it  has fallen almost completely off of the book!
B00000K3UR|4.0|I was reluctant to see Big Daddy but eventually watched it and it was good. Hilarious and heart-warming. I definitely recommend this.
0684847248|5.0|I've read a lot of books about life and stages of life that people claimed were awesome and were must read books.  The books were all right but never really told the truth about life.  Such as life is hard and during life we  face challenge in each stage of our lives and once you get pass that life  is easier and more understandable.  Peck is the only author that tells the  truth about life.  A lot the problem that he faced and talked about I could  relate to and if I couldn't I new some one who faced them problems.  From  reading this book it show me that I'm not the only one who faces problems  in life.  It's easier for a person to talk about situations they didn't  encounter, but from what a friend may have told them.  That is probable the  reason why I can't relate to the authors.  But with Scott Peck, I see that  he has faced the same problems that everyday people faced and if he hasn't  his patient have faced these problems.  There was one section in this book  that really influenced me. The section on Discipline this section dealt  with Problems and managing time.  I recommend this book to all people who  are experience any problems in life this book is guaranteed to help you in  any stage of your life that is experiences difficult situations.
0790739909|1.0|TERRIBLE ! Was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. My girlfriend and I went to see it at the movies and neither one of us said anything the whole movie but after it was over we both said that we wanted to walk out.  We both hated it, and she usually cries at these type of movies. She did  not shed a tear. It was not a long movie, but it seemed to drag forever.  You do not get emotionally involved with the characters at all.Do not buy  this, do not even watch it. There are much better things to do with your  time. BEWARE!
048622709X|5.0|This is a fantastic resource for any artist wanting to understand the human hand. Bridgman breaks down the hand to basic shapes and then builds up to the rendered hand showing you along the way how the bones, muscles,  tendons and veins relate to the overall shape of the hand.  I highly  recomend any of Bridgman's books for a better understanding of drawing the  human body.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|For those of you who were tempted to file Savage Garden under &quot;one-hit-wonders&quot; - think again!<br />With &quot;Affirmation&quot;, the awesome Aussies prove that their multi-million selling debut effort was  not a fluke. The combined talents of singer/songwriter Darren Hayes and  composer/guitarist Daniel Jones have resulted in an album that truly  dismisses that thought from your mind and firmly establishes Savage Garden  as a musical force to be reckoned with - as their many well-deserved awards  will attest to (including an unprecedented 10 ARIA awards).<br />There is  truly something for everyone in this album. Starting from life lessons  (&quot;Affirmation&quot;), the innocent hope of finding your soulmate  (&quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot;), a pick-me-up when you're feeling blue  (&quot;Crash And Burn&quot;), joyous nonsense (&quot;The Animal  Song&quot;), obsessive love (&quot;Chained To You&quot;), the horror of  spousal abuse (&quot;Two Beds And A Coffee Machine&quot;), the heartache of  a relationship gone sour (&quot;The Lover After Me&quot; and &quot;I Don't  Know You Anymore&quot;) but still having the hope that things will be  better (&quot;Gunning Down Romance&quot;), and finally - remembering the  loved ones who have departed us but who are always with us in spirit and  mind (&quot;You Can Still Be Free&quot;).<br />Listening to these songs, one  can see that Darren Hayes writes with the wisdom, emotions and insight of  one who has lived more than his 27 years. The emotions are real and no one  who listens to this album will remain untouched or unaffected. Everyone on  the planet has gone through at least one of the emotions Darren Hayes  touches upon, which makes this album easily accessible to all ages and all  music lovers of all genres.<br />In short, do yourselves a favour and buy this  CD - you will thank me I promise.
B0000060NA|5.0|wow listing to the soundtrack brought back so many memories when i was a kid. i can just see myself in that zone. my mom and my two sisters just singing along with all the great tunes.that was  a great era for me.. keep  up the good work,bringing all the oldies but goodies mrs,lite68
078322799X|5.0|I never saw the movie before but bought it because I was curious.  This movie is great.  I recommend this to anyone who likes movies.  The DVD is excellent and the sound is superb.  I'm glad I added this to my collection.   My friends were very skeptical about it because they never look for a  movie starring Michael J. Fox in it but they were shocked at how good it  was.  This movie had some great special effects in it.  All of the acting  was great, even Horse Tooth Busey,Jr. was cool.  Get this, you won't regret  it.
B0000060NA|5.0|wow listing to the soundtrack brought back so many memories when i was a  kid. i can just see myself in that zone. my mom and my two sisters just  singing along with all the great tunes.that was  a great era for me.. keep  up the good work,bringing all the oldies but goodies mrs,lite68
0385484518|5.0|Hurrah!  The only indicator you need to steer your reading preferences is to read every book the Times dismisses.   A very honest and self-deprecating author, paid the ultimate homage to a treasured  mentor-both author and subject, as a result, are transformed.  This is a  wonderfully scripted journey from start to finish.  Because it is what it  is, a simple tale, an honest and touching tale, the reader will experience  his or her own transformation.<br />Jerry Furland, Author of  &quot;Transfer-the end of the beginning&quot;
B0000060NA|5.0|wow listing to the soundtrack brought back so many memories when i was a kid. i can just see myself in that zone. my mom and my two sisters just singing along with all the great tunes.that was  a great era for me.. keep  up the good work,bringing all the oldies but goodies mrs,lite68
B00000ILT0|5.0|This is arguably the GREATIST rock album ever recorded.  Bowie is a Glam Rock God in Ziggy Stardust.  he creates and becomes this character, Ziggy, and tells of his rise and fall.  Great compositions and wonderful lyrics  make this a must  have album.
B0000060NA|5.0|wow listing to the soundtrack brought back so many memories when i was a kid. i can just see myself in that zone. my mom and my two sisters just singing along with all the great tunes.that was  a great era for me.. keep  up the good work,bringing all the oldies but goodies mrs,lite68
0385484518|5.0|Haven't you noticed how people confuse the gift with the box, the spirit of a person with the body in which it is housed?  Morrie explains that to us in terms we can understand.  He points us in the direction of the Truth  and lets us see the other stuff as perpetual worldly misunderstanding.  He  knew his body and ours to be a simple teaching aid to be laid by when  physical life is over, and he communicated in a very loving way that the  part of Morrie that was of real value was never in any danger.  What is One  with all there is can never perish, and sweet, caring Morrie gave us all a  glimpse of that most important lesson.  I am most thankful for Morrie and  his teachings, and for Mitch Albom for writing them down for us.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I saw Moby live recently &amp; was amazed by his complex style.  His music ranges from soul to full-assault techno to a sort of ambient/dancehall blues.  'Play' shows off this unique prodigy at his latest &amp;  finest--combining mix-matched styles &amp; samples.  The best record I've  heard in 1999 so far.
B00000K2SC|4.0|I actually rented this movie before hand.. and loved it.. Then I saw it on this website and had to buy it.. Very imaginitive.. Damn good effects.. Very interesting story line..
B000002NBY|5.0|From the broken accordian strands of &quot;Boy in the Bubble&quot; to the rousing &quot;Myth of Fingerprints,&quot; 'Graceland' is a throughly satisfying album.  Not only are the lyrics truly inspiring, but the music  is as fresh &amp; energetic as it was in the mid-1980s.  This is a classic  example of a great record: the production, the  use of cultural music,  &amp; strong songwriting.  The ECD version contains some great clips &amp;  interviews which expose the genius behind this album.
B00001QGPR|4.0|'hours...' is a solid album from one of popular music's few true greats. The musicians are on top form and it is David Bowie's major return, to traditional, melodic songwriting since 'The Buddha of Suburbia'. The vocals  throughout are a real treat and betray a real involvement on the part of  the artist. However, the major gripe of this Bowie fan is that this album  does not herald the return of his personal lyricism. The structure of the  songs do not give the insight into Bowie that fans have been denied since  'Black Tie White Noise' and before that 'Scary Monsters'. Bowie's lyrics  are distant in this album and this gives the impression of too much  calculation, and manipulation of the listener who does not feel close to  the artist. The middle-aged depressions described in 'Thursday's Child' and  'If I'm Dreaming all my Life' are too contrived to linger on. Bowie seems  to be angling for 'Hunky Dory' twenty-eight years on and while this is a  welcome idea, it seems false and half-hearted. However, as a whole this is  one of Bowie's best releases of the decade. That said, it is no better than  'Black Tie White Noise' and nowhere near as good as the best parts of  'Outside', though it is a huge improvement on 'Earthling'. Overall then, an  album worth buying but if you are a Bowie fan, then do not expect too much.  Highlights are 'Something in the Air', 'What's Really Happening?' and 'New  Angels of Promise'.
0060977493|5.0|This book really captivated me.  The author uses language in a unique way to express the often fleeting thoughts that reflect the way we feel or the way we view others.  It's a tragic story that I couldn't put down.  I can't  wait for another book by this author!
B00002E224|5.0|Like the first reviewer, I've been waiting for Before Sunrise to come out on DVD for a long time.  I think this movie was unfairly overlooked during its initial release.  I've never seen a more romantic film.  While the  film's scenario is unlikely, it certainly isn't impossible.  In fact,  having them both be travelling is what makes it seem possible -- when  you're travelling alone, you are much more likely to shed your inhibitions  and be open to an experience like that.  The film was consistently charming  and wonderfully acted and written.  And what you think about the ending  probably says a lot about you -- it's one of those things that would be a  bad sign if you and your significant other disagreed.
B00000JJM2|5.0|Dirty Dancing is my all time favorite movie.  It has been my inspiration for dancing and acting, ever since I was a little girl.  I still enjoy watching the movie, and singing and dancing along with the characters and  the songs.  This would be a great gift,  for anyone you know, who enjoys  the movie, and it's songs.
B000000OYA|2.0|The main problem with this record was that that it was only a contract record. Neil was under contract to make one more record for Geffen. He gave them the garbage he had been playing with at the time. The only value this  record has is for the collector of the whole collection. It is just a sad  consequence of the music business that we have to see stuff like this  still. Geffen is still trying to get money out of Neil by rehashing old  stuff. Lucky Thirteen is a prime example. 2 stars, because it is still  Neil.
B00002DE2L|4.0|Someone in DG has done a terrific job. This album will sell millions, and the quality of the music is not an issue at all. Anne Sophie Mutter has taken the same path as Pavarotti and Bocelli, and crossed the lines into  pop culture. I don't think this is too bad, but if you are reading CD  reviews, then you're probably a serious listener, and want to get a decent  performance.<br />Mutter's 4 seasons is good, some movements even excellent,  but let's face it: nobody plays Italian baroque like that anymore. This CD  wouldn't have been published if it hadn't been for Mutter's great  looks.<br />However, as Mr. Gammelgaard mentioned in his review, there is one  performance which dwarfs all the rest: Il Giardino Armonico (Teldec) - An  amazing, authentic baroque performance. It's a part of a magnificent set of  concerti by Vivaldi. You won't regret spending a two-full-price amount on  it.<br />Don't fall for cheap pop design!
B00000JBCP|4.0|MANA MTV Unplugged, el mas reciente disco compacto de MANA sinduda ha causado un gran agrado en todos sus fans..... Agregandocanciones de SUENOS LIQUIDOS, DONDE JUGARAN LOS NINOS?, FALTA AMOR y CUANDO LOS ANGELES LLORAN, MANA logro una excelente combinacion de musica en vivo.....<br />La cancion que mas energia tiene es sin duda ANA, la cual suena inclusive mejor que su version original.........La inclusion en este CD de canciones de Juan Gabriel, Jose Alfredo Jimenez y Ruben Blades hacen de este disco un digno exponente de lo que se puede hacer con la musica.<br />Con todo, solo queda esperar a que MANA lance su proximo CD, el cual todos esperamos que sea el mejor....... END
0451169514|5.0|I have to totally recommend this book, Masterpiece, actually. It will scare the hell out of you. You will not be &quot;spending&quot; your money at  all, you'll be investing your bucks in an apotheosic horror story, and  you'll learn how to be brave, how to be true and how to STAND!
B000031WD9|5.0|I would consider this movie a classic because it is frankly very realistic. My friends are very much like these characters and underneath all the gross-out gags is a great story any one can relate to. Highly  recommended.
0783231482|5.0|It honestly does not get any better than this.  The music is incredible - it will have you tapping your toes and shaking your tail feathers.  James Brown, Aretha Franklin, Ray Charles, and Cab Calloway are reason enough to  watch, but supporting cast members like Carrie Fischer, John Candy, Henry  Gibson (I hate Illinois Nazis! ), and a cameo by John Landis add to the  chaos that IS the blues.  John and Dan were on top of their game here and  we get the full effect of their comedic and musical talents.  If you have  never seen this movie, PLEASE take the time and enjoy a little slice of pop  culture - if you have seen it, watch again and crank up the stereo!   The  Blues Brothers singing the theme song from &quot;Rawhide&quot; is worth the  price of admission alone!
B00000K2SE|5.0|Once in a great while a movie comes along that grabs ahold of me in some weird way I can't quite explain, and it won't let go. (Perhaps Morpheus can explain it...)  When that happens, I have to see it multiple times to get  'free' of its spell.  The Matrix has done that to me; it continues to  captivate me.<br />Okay, there were a few problems with the story - but there  were so many astonishing points that those problems simply got washed away.   There was hundreds of tiny little details in the production that you'll  miss the first time around;  but they add so much to the overall feel and  effect of the film.  The scipt was incredible in that it managed to put  some complicated concepts into very simple, easy to understand lines -  delivered in a sequence of events that helped to illustrate those  concepts...  The casting was great in that it matched such a diverse and  tallented group (I am a fan of Keanu Reeves even in bad movies...) The  character development was superb - especially that of the 'agents', with  their ultra-precise movements and slightly choppy speach.  And the special  effects! <br />I tend to be a  nit-picker on sci-fi movies.  On this one, I  simply don't want to.  I'm content to let the problems go.  I very highly  recommend it to any sci-fi fan.
B000002GVO|5.0|My favorite song is the title track, &quot;Hotel California&quot; because I like the guitar solos at the end. I also like the song &quot;Life in the Fast Lane&quot; because I like how fast he sings it. It's a classic album.  Go buy this album.
B0000060NA|5.0|There is absolutely, and I do mean ABSOLUTELY!  NOTHING that can't be said in the negative sense about this MASTERPIECE. I just can't refer to this recording as an album or CD or A Record, because it is beyond those  things. Stevie Wonder is what many people have said about him, which is  definetely true to the heart, A BONIFIDE GENIUS!  let me tell you when I  first heard this Masterpiece. I can't say I purchased it, because at that  time I was only 13. I have five sisters, and on the very day that this  Masterpiece came out in the summer of 1976, they all brought it. The funny  thing is they were all coming in the house at different times of the day  with that Masterpiece in their hands, so needless to say I heard the whole  entire Masterpiece countless times that day and the next day and for the  rest of my entire life. And you know what? It still seems like the first  time.<br />  I have always been a huge Stevie Wonder fan, I can honestly say  since I was a very little boy. His songs and his music speaks the epitome  of life itself. And needless to say &quot;SONGS IN THE KEY OF LIFE&quot; is  a pure inspiration for all people who walk the face of this earth. I feel  that this very Masterpiece should be in EVERYONE'S HOUSEHOLD the same way  every household has a bathroom (or at least they should). From the  beginning of LOVE'S IN NEED OF LOVE TODAY until the end of EASY GOIN  EVENING (MY MAMA'S CALLING),Stevie gives us nothing but PURE JOY!  It is so  unheard of for an artist to release an album, let alone a double album,  with a 45, also with a full page book with every lyric (including the  adlibs) and all of the credits that help to make this what it is, what I've  been saying A MASTERPIECE!  My personal favorites on this MASTERPIECE are  LOVE'S IN NEED OF LOVE TODAY, JOY INSIDE MY TEARS, KNOCKS ME OFF MY FEET,  PASTIME PARADISE, I AM SINGING, ANOTHER STAR and of course AS. That song is  like a national anthem of LOVE. But there is one very overlooked song that  I beleive is truly one of the best on the album, and is maybe slightly  overlooked because it is on the 45 from the Masterpiece, and that is  SATURN. Although it was co-written with Michael Sembello, it still has  Stevie written all over it. If I had to chose one (which is a very, very  hard decision) I would have to go with AS as being my favorite song from  the album. Even as a little boy, when listening to the words they made me  stop and listen to what he was singing. I had already known of Stevie way  before he released this album, but this song blew me away. Even if I am  also a lover of spiritual music, this song can be sung in the church for  the love of the creator himself. The words are so true. If you have that  unconditional love for the LORD and for your loved ones, the song speaks of  going to no boudaries for the one you love.    I am going to close this by  telling you all of the experience that I had of having the once in a  lifetime chance of singing with Stevie Wonder. I was once a member of the  New Jersey Mass Choir and we were blessed by the GOOD LORD himself by  appearing with Stevie on the NBC special &quot; MOTOWN SALUTES THE APOLLO  &quot;. We all did a rendition of LOVE'S IN NEED OF LOVE TODAY and just  from the rehearsals with Stevie and doing the show itself, it was an  unforgettable feeling that I will never forget. I will never forget the  vivid image after the show , and there were lots of MOTOWN and many other  stars there, I have of Stevie being driven to tears after singing that  inspirational song with us, that was an experience I will never forget.  Stevie Wonder showed me personally right at that exact moment what kind of  thoughtful, caring and loving human being he really is. You can tell from  that moment how even his own lyrics can move him. If you listen to SONGS IN  THE KEY OF LIFE, and concentrate on each song on the album it will take you  through life's experiences. The Masterpiece deals with the past, present  andthe future. From LOVE'S IN NEED OF LOVE TODAY that very song which was  recorded over 20 years ago still holds true today here in 1999 going into  the year 2000. We are all still in need of that same love that Stevie is  singing about, and ironically he chose to make that the very first track on  the album. Even then he was telling us something. We all need to focus on  one thing, remember that GOD is love and love IS in need of love today.
B000002WAD|1.0|This trash is a reminder to us all that enough hype and exposure can turn anything into a hit.  This shaggy-haired British Val Kilmer type is an abomonation.  I can sleep at night knowing he's probably pumping gas  somewhere in Bristol.
B000000H42|5.0|&quot;Don't Break the Oath&quot; is an album that, depending upon to which songs you listen, could be a classic or a bomb.  Take your pick.<br />1. &quot;A Dangerous Meeting&quot; is a very good song-- heavy, fast without  being unitelligible, and is well-arranged and well-written lyrically.<br />2.   &quot;Nightmare&quot; is cool for the first minute and a half, but the  herky-jerky riffs and Diamond's lyrics do not mix well.  After two minutes,  &quot;Nightmare&quot; will definitely become one.<br />3.  &quot;Desecration  of Souls&quot;  is a ho-hum thrill-a-millenium arrangement that qualifies  as nothing more than filler.  The lyrics are nonsensical.<br />4.  The next  piece, &quot;Night of the Unborn,&quot; has its moments, and they're more  prevalent than you would think.  However, there isn't any point to the  inclusion of 7+ solos in one song.  The prevalence of one solo after  another can make this song especially annoying.<br />5.  &quot;The Oath&quot;  is an excellent song and capable of standing on its own, but it has one  problem--the rythm is altered too many times.  Five changes are used, and  for me, four is the acceptable limit.  However, it is still excellent.<br />6.   A very well-planned song is &quot;Gypsy,&quot; and it does not have an  annoying preponderence of solos or rythm hitches.  The problem?  It's way  too short.<br />7.  &quot;Welcome Princess of Hell&quot; also has its moments,  but the lyrics are cliche`d and the overall atmosphere is tiresome.  Listen  only for the 2-odd minutes in which everything falls together.<br />8.   &quot;Come to the Sabbath&quot; is a Mercyful Fate classic, but there  really isn't too much to this song.  It could stand on its own, but it's  nothing too intellectually challenging.<br />9.  &quot;Death Kiss,&quot; the  demo version, is said to be the first-ever recording by Mercyful Fate.  I  believe it because King Diamond sure sounds different.  It's pretty good,  but the mature offspring (&quot;A DangerousMeeting&quot;) is better by  far.<br />All in all, &quot;Don't Break the Oath&quot; is a solid plunge into  the abyss of black metal.  It would make an excellent addition to any lucky  fan's stocking.
B00000JCB2|1.0|If this hyper-testosterone garbage is what passes for good music these days, then people are right when they say rock 'n roll is dead.  I got this CD as a gift.  It will do nicely as a coaster.  Thank God for Petty.
B000002UAR|5.0|C'mon folks -- let's just all agree on the obvious: this is the greatest album ever.  Don't get me wrong, it has competition (Blonde on Blonde, Imperial Bedroom, the Smile fragments) but it outshines even them.   Lennon's songs here ultra-enigmatic and slightly menacing, while Paul's are  simply perfect little masterpieces. Throw in a complete and utter absence  of fear and Harrison's tight, dead-on Taxman and you've really got  something, haven't you?
B00000J7RZ|5.0|I think her debut is great this cd has great songs my favorite is Una Noche Mas because it can make people dance and is very sexy and romantic. the other songs are rather good because you have of plenty styles like  salsa with Marc Anthony, or soul, buy this cd it is awesome.
B000002NJS|5.0|4 Grammy's can't be wrong, especially when one of them was the coveted &quot;Pop Album of the Year.&quot; Hands down, this is the best album Madonna has made, and one of the most innovated releases in years. As in  her usual style, she creates an unprecidented musical style: trippy techno  with intimate emotion. Something that has never been done before. The  result? 13 of pop's most incredible portraits. The album spawned three  mega-hit singles: the haunting, meditative &quot;FROZEN&quot; (unlike  ANYTHING she has EVER done!), the classic Madonna dance anthem &quot;RAY OF  LIGHT&quot;, and the tear-jerking powerballad &quot;THE POWER OF  GOOD-BYE&quot;, which ranks up there with &quot;LIVE TO TELL&quot;,  &quot;RAIN&quot;, and &quot;TAKE A BOW&quot; as one of her classic ballad  performances. The album also features the club anthems &quot;NOTHING REALLY  MATTERS&quot; and &quot;SKY FITS HEAVEN,&quot; the highly-publicized  &quot;DROWNED WORLD/SUBSTITUTE FOR LOVE&quot;, and her lulliby to her  daugheter &quot;LITTLE STAR.&quot; An essential recording, and proof that  Madonna will NEVER fade away!
B00000K2SC|5.0|WOW! By far one of the best films i've ever seen and definately my favourite movie of all time!  This film, not only blew my mind with it's amazing special effects, but also immerses one into buddhist philosophy  and, i'm hoping, will make those who view it question our own, present  &quot;reality&quot; - the matrix we live in and work in every day. Talk  about character development - I even cared about Apoc, Switch &amp; Mouse!  Thank you Larry &amp; Andy for creating a phenomenal movie with a truly  enlightening story line &amp; thank you to Lawrence, Keanue, Joe, Hugo  &amp; especially Carrie-Anne for breathing life into your characters!
B00000AFGM|3.0|.....Then again i suppose he is for a lot of 8th graders, as well as Korn and Limp Bizkit which are relatively new on the teenage goth and metal scene.<br />I must admit first that i do not listen to marilyn manson anymore,  and i have sold my cds, but i also think this is a good cd, it is both more  but also less original, using new sounds for him and borrowing some from  others.  His image is expanding, in both positive and negative ways.  Marilyn Manson tries on new sounds, and it is less simple minded than his  first two cds, Portrait of An American Family and Smells Like Children.  <br />I think Marilyn Manson is kind of preachy however, according to him it  is not meant to seem so.  That is fine, but i myself have lost that  rebellious edge that attracted me to this kind of music. In 8th grade i was  immediately  attached to the seemingly nonconformist sort of scripture that  was encompassed within his music.  His music was a catalyst for my  questioning,  which was in some ways fueled my depression, but also helped  me establish a sense of myself.  And though i no longer regularly listen to  Marilyn Manson, they were the reason i found out about Nine inch Nails,  Skinny Puppy, and Ministry, all of which bands i still listen to.<br />I geuss  i just decided that the sort of rebellion and questioning that he teaches  were no longer nescessary for me.  It wasn't lending to positive growth,  and the lyrics do not mean anything much to me anymore.  However, i think  it is innapropriate for parents to sensor their kids from this.  The  parents have to realise that their children are going to listen to this if  they want to, and censoring them is only going to breed hatefullness and  bitterness.  Kids, you should remember that music is not supposed to be  literal, or telling you what to do.  Be responsible, if you act with  respect people will not bug you that much, and if they still do then they  are the ones doing something wrong, not you.  Goths are not evil atall.....<br />And finally (i'm taking adavantage of my space here) for more  original gothic music, try Bauhaus and Sisters of Mercy, or if you like  female singers, check out Siouxie and the Banshees and even some of the  earlier, more ethereal gothy Cocteau Twins and The Cranes.
B0000214F2|1.0|Well, this is my opinion. If you want to hear God blasphemed throughout the movie, see Robin Williams naked, and see people MURDERED, then this is a perfect movie for you. But as for me, I'm not a idiotic magnet, so I  don't like this. This movie had about 10 bad words per minute. It was  horrible, and the way they showed people how to have sex was horrible.  Robin Williams, you USED USED USED USED USED to be my favorite actor.
B000002KHF|5.0|Van Morrison's Moondance.  A mecca of 12-bar blues, rootsy Memphis soul, 50's Sinatra swing,and Nashville country-rock.  This album rates on almost anyone's list of Top 30 rock &amp; roll albums since Elvis Presley sang  about another moon in Kentucky, and Chuck Berry revved up his '54 Epiphone.    Morrison, and his imitation of the rough-edged blues of Son House,  Leadbelly, Blind Lemon Jefferson, and Ray Charles, is sprinkled throughout.   It's as if the man isn't making any qualms about his music, but directly  pushing his lungs and feelings through a microphone.  This is probably the  greatest white blues album ever created.  [All apologies to Paul  Butterfield]. You couldn't go wrong purchasing two, because in all  likelihood, you'll wear the first one out after a year of repeated  listening.  Yes, it's really that good.
0425170349|5.0|Another great book by Clancy, a must read for all fans and a perfect book for everyone that likes action and speed.
0783228007|3.0|Listen folks, this movie isn't bad at all. It actually has several of Eastwoods best moves, although it doesn't focus on cliches'. If you get a kick out of watching Eastwood handle the &quot;bad guys&quot; in his  movies, with his slick 'moves,' then you'll get a kick out of this flick. A  good Clint movie to own, or at the very least, rent if you haven't seen it.
B00000AFFF|4.0|Some of the reviews talk about Elvis' strained voice on this album.  I quite disagree - I think his voice is in prime form and I own almost all of his albums.  It is a matter of opinion, I suppose. I'd give this album 41/2  stars, but that is not an option.<br />This disc gives me chills every time I  listen to it.  It is musically and lyrically brilliant, and Bacharach's  production weaves a tapestry around Elvis' songs of love and loss.  I could  do without the female background vocalists on some of the tracks, namely  &quot;Toledo&quot; which is my favorite track, but it never gets to the  point of annoyance.  In fact, Lisa Taylor's solo at the end of  &quot;Thief&quot; is so melancholy, it really enhances the song.  Perfect  contrast to Elvis.  The only song that seems out of place is &quot;Such  Unlikely Lovers&quot; which sounds more at home on Steely Dan's Aja.  But  other than those small criticisms, this is the best album I have heard in  the last two years.  It has wonderful production, beautiful melodies,  intelligent lyrics and a real character.   This is an unlikely  collaboration that truly works.
0385484518|5.0|I read this book quite some time ago, but seeing the movie reminded me of how much it affected me.  I would not want anyone to miss the opportunity that reading this book affords us to evaluate our lives and to face the  reality of whether or not we are truly living the lives that we want.  I  keep this book in sight on my coffee table because I like having Morrie and  Mitch around the house; they inspire me.
B00000AOUD|5.0|This work expounds in a clear and perfectly forthright manner Hobbes' thesis that the owning class is indeed the bedrock of ALL civilized society, as well as Butterfield's vision that, as the investment of giant  pension funds in equity markets continues to accumulate, goods and services  are likewise improving for the BENEFIT of yourself, the consumer.  It's  clear, though, that Boswich has been drawing for his ideas on the one  legged poet Nietzchksrldrie, and he should give credit where credit is due.   There are a lot of notes on this album, and you will be paying for them  all.
B00000I0XW|1.0|I was terribly dissapointed in the quality of the sound production on this CD.  The mixers could have done a much better job with this ladies voice
0553455311|5.0|I have always used this book as a hallmark with my students.  It reminds us that we live in a world more fascinating than it seems on the surface.  And it shows students the power that a simple story can have.  My students  learn that you don't need demolition and highway chase scenes to be moved  by a book.  For years, they have always been amused when I tell them before  we get through this book, we'll be crying.  Often it's me.  Sometimes it's  by page three.  But it never fails to happen.  Several years ago, NPR ran a  story about the recording sessions that led to this CD.  &quot;Andy&quot;  White sat in his barn in Maine to read his own book.  He himself could not  get through the last few chapters without breaking down.  The sound crew  offered to come back and try it some other time, but White insisted in  stating in the barn, and trying until he could do it.  So I'm vindicated in  the eyes of my students.  Read this book.  Read it to your kids.  If you  don't have kids, read it every few years anyway.  Just promise me you won't  watch the animated video first.
B000007R1E|5.0|This is, by far, their most mature of the &quot;core 7&quot;. You can hear it in John's ponderings in &quot;Lost in a Lost World&quot;. &quot;New Horizons&quot; is just above Hayward's other great ballads, such as &quot;Never Comes the Day&quot; and &quot;Are You Sitting Comfortably&quot;  from Threshold. Thomas' &quot;For My Lady&quot; brings up the chills with  its great harmonies. &quot;You and Me&quot; combines good rock rhythm with  orchestration. It drops off just a bit with &quot;Land of Make  Believe&quot; and Pinder's &quot;When You're a Free Man&quot;. It comes to  a crank-it conclusion with &quot;Just a Singer&quot;.I  have not heard this version, but if the only difference is the re-mix of  &quot;Isn't Life Strange&quot;.The re-mix of &quot;Isn't Life Strange&quot; is on one their  best 'best of' CDs - Legend of a Band.
B00000J7J4|5.0|You ought to try something really different in order for something worthy to come out. In the seventies, Santana did what nobody had done before: he blended Latin rhythms with rock - and Abraxas came blazing into this world,  and the name Carlos Santana with it! You want something astonishing - try  something new! That's what Santana did with this record, and the result is  quite worthy. To hell with the dumb-heads and their &quot;modern  trash&quot; nonsense! Down with &quot;Rob Thomas only!&quot;-pseudo  prophets! Evry song on this extra-long album is a tingling twist into a new  terrain. Of course, SMOOTH is a standout (and a shoo-in for a few Grammy's  - and my favorite on the album), but so are almost all other tracks. When  relieved of an unbearable burden of carrying the whole album alone, Santana  shines as a jewel in this multi-soloist &quot;band&quot; with quite a few  great names on board: Dave Matthews, Rob Thomas, Lauryn Hill...Buy it, it's  his other peak (Abraxas being the first, and I'm not sure the best of the  two). Long live Carlos Santanaaaaaaaa!
630512762X|5.0|I saw it for the first time at the theater and it were 2+ hours well spent. First impression was rather ironical - who can take seriously all these slows with crucifix and white doves flapping their wings amidst the  whizzing bullets?<br />Now I have the DVD and watch it from time to time with  my friends. Guess what? I cry every time  Travolta brings home Castor's  orphan. It's surprising. The reason for this is that the magic of cineme  lives in this overindulgent and overlong movie.<br />It's silly to analyze the  plot and and test it against the patterns of real life. Any story of  swithed identities is hardly credible.Do you really believe the boy in The  Prince And The Pauper could pass for the noble heir to the British throne?  If you want to see this movie just RELAX and ENJOY!<br />It's not stupid but  naive or successfully passes for naive. Nicholas Cage is an actor of a VERY  limited range but as a cartoon villain he is perfectly cast. A lot of  scenes and objects are delightfully bad taste - just look at these  eleborately embroidered gold-plated twin guns. It's a movie of a kind you  can see in Bombay or Hong Kong but the power of Western moviemaking boosts  it into the international stardom. I am rather cynical viewer and usually  see through the hype but this time it's just an endless WOW! <br />The people  who consider Face/Off pretentious should see The Matrix which gives the new  dimension to this word. <br />I am sure that Face/Off's perfect blend of  Oriental sentimentalism and Western technical genius was made possible by  the stroke of luck. Take the other Woo's Hollywood efforts - Hard Target,  Broken Arrow, Blackjack - BAD,BAD,BAD... So have a good sense to enjoy what  this movie has to offer - and do not dig too deep.
B00000JBCP|5.0|This CD is great.  Alot of old songs but they  sound even better on this CD.  If you are going to purchase a Mana CD this is the one to buy!
0671015206|3.0|This book was an interesting split.  It validates what you are doing as well as encourages you to do more.  You can feel good about saving instead of spending, and you can even &quot;look down&quot; on those with nice  cars, etc.  Halfway through the book however, the constant reiteration of  the same point becomes monotonous.  The book carries a very &quot;working  class hero&quot; tone which becomes tiresome because it is poured on so  heavily.  The saving concepts presented are solid enough to make the book  worth recommending.
B000002HMH|3.0|Well.....it IS different, but that's not necessarily a BAD thing.  It's not nearly as fast or as heavy as all the previous albums, but it is an enjoyable listen for the most part. The first 10 songs or so are pretty  good,but then, after that... it gets a bit boring. And sometimes, even  annoying.... But if you're a fan that insists that Metallica sold out,(even  though they did)and demands that they return to their older days...you  won't enjoy it. If you do, however, have an open mind...you might want to  give this one a listen....or something...
B000009DUY|4.0|If you are hoping to find in the soundtrack to &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; a typical John Williams score, you will probably be disappointed.  There is lacking here the excitement and fanfare of  &quot;Star Wars&quot; or &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;.  If, however, you are  looking for a subdued, restrained, and thoughtful collection of music, you  will find all you could ever ask for in a motion picture soundtrack.  In  some films a superior musical score is forced to carry the burden of poor  film-making; &quot;Private Ryan&quot; needed no such musical salvation, and  Williams' score plays the perfect supporting role.  It is intelligent and  moving music, and if &quot;Hymn to the Fallen&quot; does not make you stand  taller and walk more proudly as an American and a child or grandchild of a  veteran, then you aren't paying attention!
006092988X|5.0|After I got my summer reading list going into freshman year and saw &quot;A Tree Grows in Brooklyn&quot; on the list, I thought, Oh great, some other stupid book that school will make me read.  I've been an avid reader  since I can remeber, but school, it takes the fun out of things.  But this  book, this book was amazing.  I stayed up until 4 in the morning reading  because I didn't want to put it down.  It was the first book that really  ever made me cry, and I cried and cried because I think everyone can relate  to a lot of different aspects of the story, I know that I could.  I got  through this book in 2 days, and it's not a short story.  I was even  inspired to read Betty Smith's other novel, &quot;A Joy in the  morning&quot;, which by the way, if you like this one, I highly recommend.   This book is a classic and everyone should read it.  I re-read it all the  time, and it still gets me.
B000009DUY|3.0|Personally I loved Saving Private Ryan.  But the soundtrack is a little bit slow and kind of a yawner.  I love the 1st, 2nd, and last track, but the rest is not like a usual John Williams style of music.  it is slow, and  slow moving. <br />I understand the need for simplicity and quietness in the  movie in regards to music, but I feel the battle scenes could have been  spruced up a bit with Williams style battle music, or at least a memorable  theme.  Other than that it was good.  If you like quiet scores, then this  is a good one for you.  But if you are like me and enjoy heavy brass and  furious strings, then avoid this one.
0920668364|5.0|I started reading this book to my daughter when she was four years old...she is now 15 and we still refer to the loving message inside the book: &quot;I will love you forever, I will like you for always,and as long as I'm living, my baby you'll be.&quot; Not one person I've recommended this book to hasn't agreed with me.  This book makes an everlasting gift  for any child.  Buy it for the holidays, birthdays, or just because...it is  definitely a book that will be passed on through the generations.  Traditions are created when this book is read to a child the first time.
B0000024SD|5.0|As I read the other reviews, I ask, why so serious?  I really don't care whose rythems or beats were borrowed on certain songs.  What I do know is that I have been using the phrase Bent out of shape by society pliers for  almost 35 years now.  It has served me well, and for this I thank Mr.  Dylan, It's All Right Ma...and Bringing It All Back Home.  <br />OK, I'll be  more serious.  I was 15 in 1965, and my dad, who hated any music written  after 1875, bought me the album!  I was infatuated by the depth of the  lyrics and Dylan's powerfull delivery.  I was forever delivered from  Herman's Hermits, The Temptations, The Hondells and whatever other mass  produced pablum I was injesting.  This was easily one of the 5 most  influential rock albums ever recorded, and for good reason.  <br />If I have  affended any critics who wrote before me, I mean no harm, or place fault  with anyone who lives in a vault.....
B0000027RL|5.0|You put Eddie Veder, Stone Gossard, Mike Mcready, Jeff Ament, and Jack Irons together what else would you except than the perfect album.  Pearl Jam is by far my favorite group of talented musicians.  I could not even  pick a favorite album, I'm just waiting for the next one to come out.  PJ  has changed my life in so many ways possible, if it wasn't for them I would  not love music.
B00000JPH4|5.0|The story about a young hero's quest to save the world from destruction has been told many times, but never like this. This film is pure imagination, the kind of movie that never gets made anymore. Jim Henson  truly went all out with this one.  The use of puppets to tell the entire  story was incredible.  I still remember how I felt the first time I saw  this when I was a child;I still feel that way now.  As a conceptual arist,  Brian Froud's work speaks for itself. This is truly one of the most  original and fascinating films to ever be created, the result of an  incredible vision. It's too bad that Henson died before any more of these  visions could be seen.
630018403X|5.0|I urge everyone to see this film at least once.  The defining film of the 80's brat pack collection, this film has some of the best one liners ('shut up peewee' and 'does Barry Manilow know you raid his wardrobe?') every  written for film audiences.  If you want to laugh (and cry), generally  relive the 80's and put a new film at the top of your charts, it is a must  see.  Loved every minute.
068484267X|4.0|I bought the book thinking it would be a very light reading material which I heard from those who read it.  I don't know how one can write with such humor and lightness about a very unfortunate life... McCourt's attitude is  very much reflected in the way he had written the book.. No bitterness, no  remorse... I laughed and cried while reading it...... an excellent read!
B000002L9O|5.0|O.K.. This may not be my FAVORITE Ramones album BUT, The Ramones Have never ever made a bad one. Somebody put something in my drink is instant classic. Just try not relate to the heart wrenching vocals and lyrics of  she belongs to me. The Ramones were never overtly political but felt is was  time to speak up when Reagan dur Furhur forgave the Nazis ('Bonzo Goes to  Bitburg.) Hell, I could go on about every song. Hooks all over the place  that would make Brian Wilson proud. This is essential to any Ramones fan  new or old.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is a fairy tale of the &quot;coming of age&quot; of the neo-savior hero set within the science fiction genre. It addresses issues such as: Truth is not always reality, and reality is not always truth;  humans as the &quot;alien-other'; and the archetype of death and  resurrection through the spiritual love of femininity as compassion. An  excellent study of archetypes through cross-genre structure. A cult-film  for the 90s, and an excellent candidate for the study of film criticism.
B00000DG1R|5.0|&quot;Greatest&quot; is a terrific album of classic singles for any 80's fan or pop music fan. The only disappointment is that many singles haven't been included, esp. &quot;My Own Way&quot;, &quot;Careless Memories&quot;,  &quot;Violence Of Summer&quot; and &quot;White Lines&quot; just to name a  few! Duran Duran are simply one of the best pop/rock bands of the past 20  years and this c.d. is a great testament to that. Some detailed liner notes  or at least chart positions of the songs would have been welcome. This  music brings back very fond memories of the 80's for me, although i'm only  27! I highly recommend &quot;Greatest&quot; to everyone.
0783233477|5.0|at first i thought that this movie was slow moving, but then i was caught up with the momont when i found out what was going on. i thought it was an emotional and on the edge of your seat type of movie.  one could see this  movie over and over. the music score was fantastic, i loved it
6301008960|5.0|If you loved the teen films from the 1980s (Pretty in Pink, Breakfast Club), you'll surely enjoy this film.  It's a wonderful, romantic (albeit silly) fantasy of how a high school nerd becomes popular with the help of a  beautiful cheerleader.  I would argue that this was one of the best (and  delightful) films of 1987, FAR MORE entertaining than the Vietnam films  which dominated the year:&quot;Platoon,&quot;&quot;Good Morning  Vietnam,&quot; and &quot;Full Metal Jacket.&quot;  The critics always pick  the boring stuff anyway!
B0000025R3|5.0|This album is much more subtle than was appreciated in 1982.  Now, 17 years later, it stands the time test.  I got to hear Men At Work at a small concert they put on in Houston in 1999, and they were every bit as good as  when I heard them in concert in 1983. This album had the monster hits Who  Can It Be Now and Down Under but my favorite song was I Can See It In Your  Eyes, the greatest morning ski song ever made.  Plug it in when you first  hit the slopes for the warm up run--amazing...[Winter kisses when your lips  were blue/like chasing wild geese in the snow/Faces, places on the  windowpane/but that's a long long time ago.../We go to a restaurant, but  you don't like wine/you say it's love you want/but there is no time/I  realize/I can see it in your eyes/You're moving on to something more...]
B0000042H4|1.0|Not only is this the most overrated recording ever, it is, in my opinion, conducted by one of the most overrated conductors in the history of music. don't waste your money. i don't even give it one star ( i had to give it  one according to the format). as a reviewer below said, solti has received  more grammy's than any conductor. that certainly should tell you something.
080011194X|2.0|It is absurd to assume that Larry Flynt has one noble bone in his body...not that he should be vilified either. And this movie suffers from what bio-movies often suffer from: it is a series of events (as are most  lives) and not a well rounded narrative STORY. And why the film-makers went  to such lengths to get the insurance company to let them cast Courtney Love  (who they didn't want in the film because of her alleged drug abuse), I  don't know. Courtny Love gives a dreadful, self-conscious performance. It  reminded me of how David Selznick went to great lengths to get Leslie  Howard cast as Ashley Wilkes in &quot;Gone With the Wind,&quot; and Leslie  Howard is so horrible in that part, that he almost sinks an otherwise great  film. The acting in LARRY FLYNT is solid all around, the best thing about  the film, except for Courtney Love, who almost sinks the film. Woody  Harrelson, who I find annoying as a human being, is terrific as Larry  Flynt, and acting students should see the film just for him...but for  others:  it's a last resort movie.
6305603847|5.0|This DVD is a must have for any DVD collection.<br />The quality is truly amazing.  The features are incredible.  It's evident that Waters wanted this done right.<br />Enough said...go buy it.
B00000AFGM|3.0|This is a big step from the torrid thrashings of Manson's previous album Antichrist Superstar.  Manson has opted for a much more synthesized sound.  It seems as though this album has been produced, not to prove a point, but  to try and cash in on a bigger market.  That market being &quot;Dance  Mix&quot;.  When keeping in tune with the more popular rock publications,  one can notice how Manson gradually evolves into an entity obsessed with  being in the public eye, and committing attrocities purely for attention.   This album serves as an invitation into the inner world of Marilyn Manson.   Although there are a &quot;few&quot;good songs on this album, that scarcely  makes up for the poor taste of the artist, and his shameless ripping-off of  David Bowie's Ziggy Stardust and The Spiders from Mars with his Omega and  the Mechanical Animals.  When one compares images of Bowie's wardrobe from  that era, and looks at the image of Omega in the CD jacket, the similarity  is undeniable.  I advise that the consumer not waste his/her time on this  one if you haven't already.  Granted, that Mr. Manson is a talented  performer, it just seems to me that he's running on empty.
0783226845|5.0|This is one of those movies that leaves you breathless.  Al Pacino is amazing, from the comedy, to the romance, to the exhilaration..where do I begin?  Al Pacino asking a beautiful woman to tango, he is blind, she  doesnt notice....and the tango, the most amazing peice of music ever made.   I may be in love with this movie, but I don't think anyone in this world  could not like this movie.  It fills your heart.  Al Pacino, you are the  greatest.
B00002Z88D|4.0|Albums like this come only once in a while-following in the tradition of other great bands and artists(such as:Yngwie Malmsteen,Deep Purple,Yes,Jethro Tull,etc.)this combination takes the Metallica sound to  the next level.In fact,this release comes as no surprise from a band  unafraid to push boundaries if that's what it takes to maintain the  integrity of their creative vision.
6304708521|1.0|This has got to be one of the weirdest movies ever made and it isn't even weird in a good way. Its incredibly dull and all the jokes fall flat. Its hard to pick the worst scene since theres so many of them but I'd have to  say the endless scene where theyre all in the bus drunk and singing while  some guy plays the accordian. Then theres that other endless scene with  Ringos aunt and that old guy walking on the beach, and that awful stripper  scene,and...ect,ect. This movie takes self indulgence to the extreme. Oh  yeah, and that awful scene with the army guy and the cow, and that race,  and...Augh! the nightmares returning! I usually like weird movies but  you know, I also like them to be INTERESTING and this movie defiantly was  not. Oh, god the boredom of the movie still haunts me and just because Iam  the Walrus was one of the first music videos doesn't make it the least bit  entertaining or watchable.This movie left a very bad taste in my mouth,  especially that disgusting spaghetti scene. Its a dumb, boring,movie. It is  not at all like Monty Python which is actually funny and interesting. You  can tell that a group of acid heads made this movie, it is just so bad.  Hell, to make a movie this bad you would have to have bad taste to begin  with, never mind the drugs.
B00002Z88D|4.0|Albums like this come only once in a while-following in the tradition of other great bands and artists(such as:Yngwie Malmsteen,Deep Purple,Yes,Jethro Tull,etc.)this combination takes the Metallica sound to  the next level.In fact,this release comes as no surprise from a band  unafraid to push boundaries if that's what it takes to maintain the  integrity of their creative vision.
B000003TAR|2.0|This is an ok album. Heart Shaped Box is a great song but theres nothing too remarkable about the others and a lot of it is repitive and sounds the same.
0553274503|4.0|Flowers For Algernon is written by Daniel Keyes and tells the story of Charlie Gordon, a retarded man who has an operation to try to make him smarter.  The doctor who is in charge of this operation is Dr. Strauss.   Dr. Strauss is very important to this book because he is the man who keeps  up with Charlie's health, and tracks his progress by performing tests very  often. The test is a sucess. Charlie, once a retarded man who could not  read, write, or even think the way that most people could, over a long  period of time, became a very intelligent man who has the knowledge of any  person he comes in contact with.  A very interesting and emotional event  that occured in this book was when Charlie returned to the bakery, the  place where Charlie had been working a long time before his operation.   When he returned to meet his old friends, they were extremely suprised  about how much Charlie had changed. He could now be accepted as a normal  person, as oppopsed to before, when everyone looked at him and thought he  was very different.  I would definatley recommend this book to any person.   It is pretty easy to understand and there is not a time when you want to  put down the book because it is boring.  This book can be read at any age  level, and any person can enjoy reading a novel about a man who changed his  whole life around.
B000003TA4|2.0|This album is ok buts its kind of dull in places  Its not the worst album in the world. Neither is it the best. The best album in the world is  the Stones Exile on Main Street but hell, thats just my opinion and if you like  Nevermind then good for you.
6305212112|5.0|Here is a perfect movie. The actors (Kathy Bates, Mary Stuart Masterson, Mary-Louise Parker, and Jessica Tandy in particular) are credible, rounded, warm, funny, absolutely perfect. The plot is (in its way) epic, involving a  long time span, with significant developments in both past and present. It  is a total must-see!<br />This film too offers tons of memorable moments. It  will also supply those quotes to use when one tires of the usual Gone With  the Wind or Wizzard of Oz items. You will NOT forget &quot;Towanda,&quot;  or &quot;The Secret's in the Sauce&quot; in any near future.<br />This movie  is a masterpiece, and a masterful presentation of some most significant  lives, and of a way of life which should have survived.
6304708483|4.0|I don't really like the Beatles music but this is actually a pretty good movie, very funny and quotalbe and they were natural actors. And if you don't care too much for their music, just skip all  of the musical scenes  except for  Can't Buy Me Love, which is a great scene with them playing and  running around in a field.
0446525537|1.0|To say I was disappointed would be an understatement. I was eagarly awaiting the arrival of A Walk to Remember, having devoured Mr. Spark's previous two works. I did read this all in one sitting, thinking that this had to get better. Unfortunately, it didn't. The story seemed to sappy and  sugary sweet, and did not ring true. The plot was entirely too predictable,  especially if I can figure it out. The characters were stereotypical and  shallow. It just seemed like Mr. Sparks was trying too hard this time. In  1958, 17 year old Landon Carter is just trying to get by. His father is a  US Congressman who has high hopes for his son. Landon's friends are the  wrong side of the tracks crowd who don't understand when he befriends Jamie  Sullivan, a girl from his drama class who carries a bible wherever she goes  and is the minister's daughter. Landon's senior class is responsible for  putting on the Christmas play this year and Jamie convinces Landon to take  the lead role to make the play special, for she is to play the lead  opposite him. What then happens is of course the obvious, they fall in  love, and of course, the obvious, Jamie has a secret, that when revealed  will change the course of Landon's life forever. I urge you to read Mr.  Sparks' other 2 books, The Notebook, and Message in a Bottle instead. These  two were wonderful books, probably the only books that I have ever cried  at.
B00003003R|5.0|If you're a casual fan like me, this is the one G'n'R CD to get. In fact, after hearing this one, you may be more than just a casual fan. All of the essential material is here, &amp; there's not a loser in the bunch. Very  cool use of the talkbox on a couple of tracks. And as far as their horn  section goes, I refer you to Luke's review. I couldn't have put it any  better myself. This is a classic.
0792838068|4.0|Nicholas Cage's performance in this film (that's film, not movie) is simply incredible. He manages to perfectly capture the image of a drowning man on his willful downward spiral. This film is not for those who like  light-hearted popcorn movies. This is hard stuff. The first time I saw it I  was left staring at the screen in awe and depression until well after the  credits rolled. Elizabeth Shue is not great, but she does manage to hold  her own on screen with Cage. My only complaint about this film is the  useless subplot revolving around Shue's pimp. I can not believe that Cage  has gone on to things like Con Air and City of Angels... what are you doing  man!  You're better than that junk, this proves it! Please, get a new  agent!
B000002H38|4.0|Typically, I find the songs on Anita Baker's &quot;Rapture&quot; album the kind of stuff you catch on a V103 or &quot;Smooth Jazz&quot; station at 4 am.  Indeed, the musicianship of this album is well-played [yet typical].   However, how can you notice?  Anita's smoke-and-honey voice carries this  album wonderfully, and despite the sometimes predictable music, the  melodies &amp; harmonies on this album are gold.  You should find yourself  humming along with Anita.  A good album for peeling the stress of your  shoulders at the end of a hard day.
6301963717|5.0|Forget Fargo, Barton Fink, even Raising Arizona... this is the best Coen Bros. movie to date. The brilliantly-written script centers around Gabriel Byrne's character, chief advisor to Albert Finney's mobster in  Prohibition-era New York. Byrne begins an affair with the boss's girl,  Verna, while Jon Polito, a rival mobster, begins moving into their  territory. Then Byrne gets invovled with trying to protect Verna's brother,  John Turturo, from both sides, all while trying to remain loyal to Finney.  This is a smartly written and superbly acted film. I don't believe that  there's one bad performance. Turturo and Byrne are definitely the  stand-outs. Darkly humorous, engaging characters, and expertly directed,  this one's a must-see!
0385484518|5.0|This book is not only entertaining, it is the best life lesson I have ever come into contact.   To read the wonderful prose of Morrie's intelligence, was so emotional.  It made me smile, laugh, and cry.  Simply stated and  supremely written.
6305089957|5.0|This one is much better than the first coz : 1 - it's harder to guess who the killer is. 2 - Courteney, Neve and Jamie look way better.<br />Neve Campbell plays Sidney Prescott who has just got over the ordeal with psycho  Billy Loomis 1 year ago! But after Maurren (Jada Pinkett) is killed at the  screening of fast-moving reporter Gale Weathers's (Courteney Cox) movie,  things go crazy as Sidney and all her friends are on the run once  again!<br />A great story, great plot, great killer,  unpreditable.......PERFECT PEICEA HORROR!
B00000JCB2|1.0|My friend, who shall remain nameless, lent me this cd.  I thought, well Nookie certainly is entertaining, why not.  Don't do it.  I now have &quot;emotional issues.&quot;  I am currently suing good old Fred himself  for all he's got.  My lawyer tells me &quot;I have no chance in hell,&quot;  but I shall prevail.  These guys don't know how to not disturb me.  Go buy  the Pest, that's good for the psyche.
B00000DC10|5.0|I picked this album up the first week it was out on burning heart records. I don't think there has been a day when it is not in my cd rotation. This is a one of a kind album that uses various instruments to make various  sounds that work. Dennis's vocals will blow you away and the sounds that  come out of Jon, Kristofer and Magnus are sounds that have made there mark  in history already. The guitar and base sounds just move you and then get  intense and let you down and bring you right back up again. David hits the  drums with grace and power and in a whole the band has put out something  speacial, unique and were i come from not heard of. So many new sounds you  don't want the album to end. This is another refused album that is hard to  put in words but not not hard to listen to and enjoy. So from the biggest  refused fan play it loud and play it often let your mind do the talking.
0812505085|4.0|Treasure Island is an exciting book full of action and suspense. The main character, Jim Hawkins, finds Billy Bones'old treasure map. Jim knows that a fortune in gold lies ahead of him. Jim, Dr. Livesey, and Squire  Trewlawney round up a crew for there gold-seeking adventure. The voyage  goes well until Jim overhears a frightening conversation and learns that  their cook is Long John Silver. Worst of all, the crew and Long John Silver  are plotting to steal the treasure!      If you like, adventure, sail  ships, and pirates this is the book for you.
038533348X|3.0|The book cats craddle is about a man who wants to write a book about the end of the world. He decides to write it about Dr. Felix Hoenikker. but Dr. Felix is dead. So he writes to Newt, the doctors son. Newt says to write to  his sister Angela. So he does. He inquires as to the wereabouts of Frank,  the youngest brother. Neather of them know where he is. Then he visits the  doctors former lab and discoveres the top secret project known only as  Ice-9. Ice-9 instantly transforms any water to ice. This is how the doctor  died. One day he sees an ad for the republic island of San Lorenzo. He sees  a beutiful girl and he decides to go and meet her, along with a small group  of americans. He meets &quot;papa&quot; monzano, the &quot;president&quot;  of San Lorenzo. He also meets Mona, the beutiful girl. He also meets Major  General Frank Hoenikker. When Papa dies, frank, the next in line for the  presidency, tells the auther that he must be president. <br />I think that  this was a very interesting book. kurt Vonnegut Jr. Is an interesting  writer. He wrote an exciting book. it was mysterious.  I didn't know what  would happen next. I recomend it.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is by far my favorite Chili Peppers album, and I've been listening for over a decade!  It covers the whole spectrum emotionally and musically from funky (most) to slow, a capella songs.  This is definately worth  buying.
6304765231|5.0|This is absolutely the most beautiful, dramatic movie ever made. The tragedy in the movie and the tragedy behind the scenes. The scenes with the stand-in are hard to find and the ones where Brandon was brought back to  life through the computer are probably the best cover-ups in movie history.  The story is not really the same as the James O'Barr comic book, but it's  got the same feeling. Darkness, saddnes and love. Good turns to bad. This  movie is one we won't forget. We may not forget!
B000002JS6|5.0|This is quite simply the best album by one of the greatest rock bands ever.  Written as a tribute to deceased lead singer Bon Scott, Back in Black is an absolute masterpiece.  Brian Johnson stepped into the lead  singer role and fit in quite nicely on this, his first album with the band.   His trademark high pitched voice and the unbelievable guitar playing of  Angus Young are all over this album, but especially in the two best songs:  Back in Black and You Shook Me All Night Long.  If you like rock, buy this  CD, because AC/DC is rock!
B00002E233|4.0|Just live every other movie, some people like the movie and some don't.  I personally enjoyed it.  It made me just a few times, worry about the characters, and feel good at the end.  That is all I wanted from it, and  that is all I got.      The DVD version of the movie is excellent.  Aside  from the great video and audio quality, we get a commentary (includes  Samuel L. Jackson for part of it), 2 short making-of specials, deleted  scenes, photo stills, and some extra DVD-ROM content.     At the price it  is being offered at, it is well worth getting this movie.  If you're not  sure you'll like it, rent it first.
0446525537|5.0|Forget that the book is predictable and that you can guess early on what the story is about.  This book moved me in a way that I cannot explain or justify.  It was not the typical type of book that I am usually drawn to  (which, incidentally, is nonfiction).  I found this story to be both   spiritual and touching; yet simply written with a clear and forceful  message. Message delivered.
0451526368|5.0|&quot; &quot;I see what you think of me,&quot; said he gravely--&quot;I shall make but a poor figure in your journal tomorrow.&quot;<br />&quot;My journal!&quot; <br />&quot;Yes, I know exactly what you will say: Friday, went  to the Lower Rooms; wore my sprigged muslin robe with blue trimmings--plain  black shoes--appeared to much advantage; but was strangely harassed by a  queer, half-witted man, who would make me dance with him, and distressed me  by his nonsense.&quot;<br />&quot;Indeed I shall say no such  thing.&quot;<br />&quot;Shall I tell you what you ought to  say?&quot;<br />&quot;If you please.&quot;<br />&quot;I danced with a very  agreeable young man, introduced by Mr. King; had a great deal of  conversation with him--seems a most extraordinary genius--hope I may know  more of him.  That, madam, is what I wish you to say.&quot;  &quot;<br />~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~<br />&quot;Northanger Abbey,&quot; the  first, shortest, most satiric, and least read of Jane Austen's completed  novels, is a delightful treasure that will make you quite literally laugh  out loud (so beware bringing the book to the airport, as I did, lest you  suffer strange glances for your smothered sniggers).  Following the journey  of the coming-of-age Catherine Morland and her misadventures in Bath to the  &quot;horrid&quot; Abbey, Jane Austen presents us with perhaps her funniest  sociological book, that proves not only that teens will be teens in any  age, but that an overactive imagination is not always a blessing, and that  love is often the result of being loved.  Readers should keep on the  lookout for the commentaries on novels, feminine wiles and homecomings from  Austen herself - a technique subdued in her other novels.  The cast also  includes Jane Austen's wittiest hero, Henry Tilney (a.k.a. &quot;Da  Man&quot;), as well as a female foil more duplicitous than &quot;Sense and  Sensibility's&quot; Lucy Steele.  The Signet Classic edition boasts a good  introduction by Margaret Drabble, perhaps better read after the text as a  commentary.  Best viewed as a comedic parody, &quot;Northanger Abbey&quot;  is a pleasure to read, whether you are a long-standing member of the JASNA,  or just dipping into the boisterous literature of the Regency.<br />Felicitous  reading! Yours, &amp;c.,
B00000HZFP|5.0|Having just moved back from Berlin after 13 years. I went and saw &quot;Hedwig&quot; in L.A. and loved it. Bought the CD in the lobby for myself and now have bought a few copies for friends. I love this CD and  also can't understand why it's not on the radio. I love the review where  someone wrote that we all have a &quot;wig in the box&quot; somewhere (or  something like that), I agree wholeheartedly and hope everyone sees and  understands the we all have a little Hedwig in us... about an inch.
0137549202|1.0|I am currently taking a first course in DSP where O&amp;S is the text used.  The text is just plain HELL to read. Explanations are often incomplete.  I don't believe my professor had a choice in the selection  because the other day he called in incoherent.  I recently spoke to a  second professor at UT who said he never uses it in his courses because he  believes the authors are trying to impress their colleagues with the  writing style.  <br />Specific topics covered so far in the course, which are  mentioned, but NOT covered in the text:  Closed form solution of Difference  Equations, complex convolution theorem, unilateral Z-transform and their  use in the solution of Difference Equations with non-zero initial  conditions, and Contour Integration.<br />I can see where some people use this  as a reference, because there are many brief, accurate statements.  But if  you're trying to learn this material for the first time, look elsewhere.
B000000WA4|5.0|This double CD is packed with great songs.  What a variety!  There are portions of hard rock, alternative, and pop all mixed together perfectly.  This is the greatest accomplishment of the extremely successful band.   Billy Corgan is a musical genius and he's got one of the coolest voices  ever.  Buy this CD and you will not regret it.
B00001ZWTS|5.0|i wasn't even going write a reveiw then i read all the reviews and ya'll need to stop hating on my boy Will.
B000002UAX|5.0|This album does not show the greatest songs ever to be made by The Beatles. But nevertheless, it's still a great album anyway. Okay, some of the songs are merely fillers you can do without (e.g.: Revolutoin #9, Wild  Honey Pie, etc.), but it can be fun just listening to them. Try playing  Revolution #9 to an industrial music fan (e.g.: Marilyn Manson), they won't  believe it's Beatles! And about The Beatles themselves: Were they very  great musicians? No. There are a lot of people who can play better than any  Beatle (name them yourself; I can only name Jimi Hendrix) Were they a great  band? Yes, of corse you can't debate on this one. Were they influential?  Certainly NOT. If the Beatles had been influential, there'd be silly songs  everywhere all around the world! The Beatles are a unique band, and that's  what I like from them. No other band can match The Beatles, although only a  select few can be better, while the others are just plain worse. Can you  name any other band that can write dull, silly, stupid songs, put them in a  double album, and still get a high rating? I think only the Beatles can do  that.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I really never paid too much attention to Santana before but my mom would listen to his albums when I was little. I fell in love with the song Smooth, with Rob Thomas the first time I heard it on the radio. Was I in  for a pleasant and exhilirating shock when I went to see a concert with a  spanish rock group named Mana headlining along with Santana, he started  playing that song I liked, Smooth.  Rob Thomas wasn't there personally but  Santana's singer sounded almost as good and the crowd went wild, including  myself.  This is a GREAT cd to listen and dance to. My other favorite song  is track #9, Corazon Espinado.
1559409010|5.0|I have loved this movie since the first time I saw it. Whenever I want something really light hearted, I try to rent it, especially when I've had a hard day at work. It's nice to see that just maybe, even though life can  be bad, you should always look on the bright side. I've been looking for  years for this video, and now instead of renting it I will own, thanks to  Amazon.com.
B000006OAM|5.0|The music industry today is saturated with bands creating moronic little two and a half minute pop songs for the sole reason of making money.  With this album, Natalie Merchant resists this trend and stays true to the music  and her responsibility as an artist.  Do not expect to be bopping around  the room with this one.  To truly enjoy it, you have to sit down and  LISTEN.  You may have heard the songs Life is Sweet, Kind and Generous, and  Break Your Heart on the radio.  Don't think that the entire album sounds  like them.  The rest of the songs are much more moving, beautiful,  soul-searching pieces.  Merchant has done a wonderful job with Ophelia.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Enema of the State is an absolutely outstanding CD.  I don't really care what you call it: punk, alternative, whatever--It is awesome, and that's all that matters.  Song after song, this CD never gets old.  There are so  many good tracks on this CD:  What's My Age Again, Dysentery Gary, All The  Small Things, Mutt, The Party Song, and my favorite- Adam's Song.  One  thing that makes this band awesome is the ability to basically tell the  critics to step off.  This CD says to me &quot;Blink 182 rocks and if you  don't like it- don't buy it, just don't try to tell me not to like  it.&quot;  Rock on Blink!
0767836286|2.0|If you catch the DVD version of this movie, you get an opportunity to listen to the script writer explain his story's intentions.  If you removed the ridicules plot from the movie and just used the ideas from his script,  you could make a movie that would be far more believable and, because so,  effective.  I understand the value of using suspended belief, but like many  others have stated about the ending of this movie, the plot is manipulated  to such an extent that all the previous actions are forced to fall too  perfectly into place.  Although this movie's ending is dark with an  anti-hero, it's just as frustrating to watch as when the good guy saves the  day.<br />The idea of never knowing your neighbor is a strong one, and an  accurate commentary of modern communities.  The idea that terrorist acts  such as the Oklahoma bombing are a group effort, is logical and believable.   Also, the idea of society needing a name, the face a person to be made  accountable for (especially domestic) terrorists acts, in order for us to  feel safe again, rings true and accurate.<br />Instead of making Jeff's and  Tim's characters real people in a situation where domestic terrorism could  occur, the director really just uses them to play with these ideas. Jeff's  character just happens to have had his wife die working the FBI, and is  therefore highly conscious of the threat and national reaction to terrorist  activities.  Tim's character is a right-winged extremist that movies in  across the street.  This set-up is too much to ask us to accept.  <br />That  Tim's character is only exposed enough give us a little dirt on his  background, does work in the sense that one truly never knows someone or  knows why they would do something so horrible as to bomb a public building.   That the good guy doesn't always win, is something more movies should  mimic.  Something, still, just isn't right.  Unlike the anti-hero Tim  portrays in The Player, his character's winning in this movie doesn't have  any point, or provide any insight to the \\"why\\" of a society with factions  intent on killing the rest of us and starting over...clean.  Tim's  character is a commander of an invisible army, able to make the rest of us  victims at will in an invisible war.  In short, the movie sacrifices the  sound ideas incorporated in the original story to over dramatization and  exaggeration.  We're left with the message that since we no longer know one  another, we have no concept of what the people around us could be, so be  scared
0345350499|5.0|I have read and re-read this book many times through the years. I believe it is the best telling of the Authurian legend to date--and I have read them all! Marion tells this story through the eyes of the women involved in  Author's life. It is a rich tapestry interwoven with many threads of gold  and silver--the land, the conflicts, the people. I believe this book should  be considered as an important part of the literature in the legends of  Author. If you haven't read this book, read it! If you have read it, read  it again, for each time you will find things to enrich you. We lost a great  author this year when Marion died, but this book and her authors are her  legacy to us.
0790729628|5.0|This is not a simple film.  This is not a film that one can watch simply to watch.  In fact, such a tactic will ultimately cause dislike for this film.  This is not a detective story with a good guy and a bad guy, nor it  is a shallow pit of special effects.<br />Imagine reading a novel: Heart of  Darkness for instance.  Was Conrad's purpose in writing this book simply to  tell a story?  If you believe so, then don't bother with this film.  Return  to your shelf of those new and popular releases: to your Varsity Blues and  your to your Blair Witch Project.  Bladerunner is not a film to watch for  simple enjoyment.  It can be enjoyed but not until after it is disected.   So if your deconstructionist skills are always in practice and you are  looking to experience the greatest color experience, then this is the film  for you.
0671027344|4.0|Wow!  It's truly amazing how a book can open a whole new world that you've been dying to reach.  The Perks of Being a Wallflower puts all those feelings that could never be explained into words.  It is a book of truth, realization, worry, deja vu, and reality.  It's life without the candy  coating.  Children and teenagers are grossly underestimated.  Society is so  quick to simply ignore what they have to say.  The Perks will awaken even  the most dormant of minds to face a harsh reality.  The innocence isn't  there anymore; maybe it never was.  The story is touching.  The fact that  it is only a story won't even cross your mind.  There is a piece of Charlie  in every one of us.  Whether it be his intelligence, romanticism, naivete,  or his confusion.  The Perks harshly illustrates the thoughts and feelings  of the new generation.  If anything, this book should make us recognize  that everyone needs and deserves affection.  Life isn't something that just  happens when we're alone.  We need friends and family to make it infinite.
079073804X|5.0|The Exorcist had me thinking I was possessed in 1974...in re-viewing it with all the extras (which are fascinating), it becomes clear that this is an intensely gratifying horror movie, with a good solid dose of  psychological terror and some interesting ruminations on faith and  religion.  The performances are uniformly superb, though it is unsettling  to think about a small girl enduring what must have been a life-altering  experience in that ghoulish makeup while mouthing obscenities.  However,  this single fact not withstanding, I believe this movie is perhaps the best  of all of the Satan/evil/demon movies of all time, and set a standard of  intelligent terror that has never been matched.  By the way, the  soundtrack, which is an eerie mix of already-produced classical and popular  music, is insidiously effective (think of the scene when Ellen Burstyn  first spies on the priest -- Halloween; leaves falling; Tubular Bells  creeps into the soundtrack)-- not once is the terror ever lambasted with  screeching violins or thumping bass -- the story, the performances and the  harrowingly effective camera work combine to do the job just fine, thank  you.  Not for the faint of heart.
0385493800|4.0|Another Great Grisham Novel<br />The Testament was one of the best books I've ever read. Although it was a little slow at some points, it proved to be interesting enough to capture my attention the entire time. I strongly  recommend this book to anyone who likes a good novel, but especially to  Grisham fans.  The book begins with Troy Phelan, an eccentric  multi-billionaire, announcing to his seven children and four ex-wives that  he is going to sign a will. Because he can't stand any of his children or  ex-wives, he deceives them, making them think that they will be mentioned  in his will. In reality he signs a will giving the money to one heir: an  illegitimate child that no one knew about who is living in Brazil. The book  continues as Nate O'Reily, one of Phelan's lawyers tries to find this child  and get her to sign the will.  The best thing about this book is how  real the characters become. You really come to hate Mr. Pehlan's children,  grandchildren, and ex-wives because of their terrible personalities. You  find yourself cheering Nate O'Reily on in his bouts with alcoholism and  becoming worried when he is in danger. This is definitely a must-read.
0385484518|5.0|Morrie's wisdom is abolutely amazing.  As a dying sociology professor he teaches his last course in this book.  He teaches that which he feels is most important to one's life.  From his short aphorisms to his stories to  his favorite poetry, this book is unforgettable.  Many have said it's  &quot;touchy, feely&quot; but I think Morrie understood life in a wonderful  way that I can sincerely thank Mitch Albom for sharing.  The book was not  &quot;touchy, feely&quot; but realistic, something that cuts right to the  human heart.  Give your heart a present and register for Morrie's last  class-- read this book!
0553573411|4.0|Fitz' story is magnificent. I have not yet finished the trilogy, but so far it is superb. My only disappointment is that Fitz simply gave up on everything at the end of the book--I would have thought he had more  strength than that. And I also didn't like how he was willing to risk so  much for his wolf when Burrich was trusting him as a friend. But the story  itself is wonderful. A must-read. Fitz is a man, not a god, and certainly  not the smartest man alive, and that's what makes the book fabulous.
B00002Z88D|1.0|I don't think the orchestra was given a fair piece of center stage.  If you want the brute force of metal and an orchestra, you could do better. Try Deep Purple's efforts or Yngwie Malmsteen's Concerto Suite for Electric  Guitar and Orchestra in E Flat Minor Op. 1...if you dare, I suggest some of  Frank Zappa's classical masterpieces.
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game is by far the greatest book I have ever read!  It has to do with the life and upbringing of Ender Wiggin, a six-year-old genius who is the Earth's only hope for victory over invading &quot;bugger&quot; aliens.    I recommend this book to people who even don't like science-fiction  because it's not as much about space battles and aliens, as it is about  life.  It makes you think and understand some things about human nature  that you would never even think of otherwise.
B000002OX7|5.0|Not much needs to be said about this classic, but I'll try.  Two of my favorite tracks,The Song Is Over and Gettin' In Tune, don't get much radio play compared to hits such as Behind Blue Eyes and Baba O'Riley, but  they're two of my favorite Who songs.  Overall, this album rocks from  beginning to end with an intensity rarely ever heard in rock music; a  couple of songs into the album and you'll know you're listening to  something special.  Treasure this baby because they don't come as good as  this anymore.
B000031XCR|1.0|not worth the effort. i had to have an air sick bag with me while listening to this
B000002LEM|5.0|I've been around the block enough to know that EVERYTHING concerning musical greatness is a matter of taste, but here's my thot. The SO non-van-halen-ey song &quot;When it's Love&quot; contains what I believe to  be Ed's best &quot;in song&quot; solo. The thing that gets to me every time  I hear it is it's FLAVOUR.... This solo really makes the song. It pulls you  through the &quot;solo spot&quot; without you ever really realizing it, and  that's just what's so cool about it! So often in music, it's  &quot;opening&quot;--&quot;verse&quot;--&quot;chorus&quot;--&quot;verse&quot;--&quot;chorus&quot;  and then ! SOLO TIME!  The piece fits the song. Unobtrousive, provoking,  yet not &quot;guitarist's showcase #3487&quot;. The first 8 or 10 notes of  the solo really flow. Some may laugh, but I think they shine above all of  his other &quot;song solos&quot; by far. Oh... by the way...the whole album  shines. &quot;Sucker in a three piece&quot;?...not my favorite. (Such a  small complaint). Bottom Line... if you don't have this record: get it.  Haven't listened to it in a while? Put it on...sit back...and appreciate an  exceptional effort. Especially those opening notes on the &quot;When it's  Love&quot; solo.
0446604844|4.0|Beleive it or not, I stayed up the whole night to read it. Reason?  The book is unputdownable. It involved computers and technology stuff and the power and secrets held by powerful people in the company. It is a must-read  book, though the part about the plane crash is a little unrealistic.
B0000028UK|5.0|THESE GUYS KICK. ELDERLY WOMAN BEHIND THE COUNTER OF A SMALL TOWN RULES.  SO DOES DISSIDENT
0792156684|2.0|I did not like this movie - nothing about it appealed to me. The script was rotten, the acting wooden (especially Kate Winslet), and the storyline so overly dramatic that i spent more than half of the movie rolling my  eyes. Billy Zane's character was so extremely one dimensional that he might  have stepped directly from the pages of a fairy tale (enter the wicked  witch of the west, stage right).The special effects were impressive, but  like many other movies, it was simply not enough to keep the weak plot  afloat (so to speak). I won't say it is the worst movie ever made, but i  can think of much better things to do with 3 hours than watch Leo in a wet  shirt. The worst thing about this movie is that it is so unstimulating.  When there are so many thought provoking movies out there, it grates a bit  that this one would get the oscar nod.
B000005HBI|5.0|I am Texas born, and am used to listening to Jerry Jeff Walker, Guy Clark, and other Austin, Texas singers--do not have much of a jazz background. But I am blown away by the music of Cassandra Wilson in &quot;Blue Light 'Til  Dawn'--she has such a brilliant voice, and amazing skills of  interpretation, as she transposes songs from many genres. 'Tupelo Honey' is  now on my favorite play list along with 'Blue Eyes Cryin'in the Rain.'
6305603847|5.0|I just bought the DVD yesterday, and I have watched it about 3 times. I love the interviews with Roger, Gerald, and Alan. The Other Side of the wall is awesome. If your thinking about buying this DVD, don't think any  more, go out and buy it!  I think that Roger is very proud to have his  masterpiece on DVD.
B0000028UK|5.0|THESE GUYS KICK. ELDERLY WOMAN BEHIND THE COUNTER OF A SMALL TOWN RULES.  SO DOES DISSIDENT
B00000K19E|5.0|I was surprised that i liked this movie as much as I did. The movie addresses several philosophical issues such as whether ignorance is actually bliss or are we better off always knowing the complete truth.  Trust me, this is not something I have come to expect from a movie starring  Keanu Reeves (I still occaisionally have flashbacks of Bill and Ted's  Excellent Adventure). The special effects are unrivaled in my opinion. I  was dazzled by them. In fact, as special effects are SUPPOSED to do, it  made you think that it might actually be happening somewhere. all in all,  highly entertaining. You should see it at least once.
B000002TQV|5.0|If you're a new listener, stick with this one. Owned this album for about 12 months before it clicked, but when it clicked......... I've not stopped listening for 4 years.<br />The whole thing is so rich and complex that you  find something new every time you listen.  <br />This is the best album ever  made. Seminal.
0385484518|4.0|Morrie loved life.  He loved to teach the young. He loved to dance. He loved music, food, etc.  He lived with passion.  <br />But Morrie learned to live only after he learned to die.  No, not his own death, his mothers'  death, his fathers' living death, and then his fathers' actual death.  Wow!  life lessons!<br />Mitch was learning how to live, by learning about death  thru Morrie.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I've seen Labyrinth a hundred times, and I never get sick of it.  It's an incredibly imaginative film.  Jim Hensen did an incredible job (as always).  I definitly suggest this movie to any kid, teen, parent, or grandparent.   The characters are creative, funny, and original.  The sets are incredible  and the acting well done.  I have the sound track (which I also recommend)  and I have the lyrics to &quot;Magic Dance&quot; memorized.  Buy this  movie, and you won't be dissappointed.
0141301104|4.0|Dahl has done it again in creating a fascinating world of fantasy that almost seems true.  I liked the opening of the book best, when he's describing how to tell if someone's a witch.  The descriptions are vivid and fun.  I especially liked it when he tells you that maybe your teacher  could even be a witch.  Not my favorite Roald Dahl (BOY), but a great read,  and, as always, much better than the movie.
B0000026NC|5.0|If you are a fan of the &quot;live recording&quot; and like Pink Floyd then this is a must have.  The ability of the band sans Roger Waters to convey the crisp yet mellow sounds that Pink Floyd has become reknowned for  over the world is just phenominal.  I attended the show in Dallas Texas on  this tour and was not disappointed at hearing it replayed via CD. There is  nothing like the shattering power of the live version of &quot;One of These  Days&quot; and &quot;Time&quot; live is just breathtaking.  This review may  seem a little over dramatic but it is the gospel truth.
B000002OX3|2.0|This is probably the least essential of the Moon-era Who albums - as a money-making move, all 4 members tendered songs for the LP, only to find out that Townshend was the only one with any real talent (although it did  launch the career of The Who's second writer - John Entwistle).  Only  &quot;So Sad About Us&quot;, &quot;Run Run Run&quot; and parts of &quot;A  Quick One While He's Away&quot; (plus the bonus &quot;Disguises&quot;) are  worth the price of admission - unless, of course, you like &quot;Boris The  Spider&quot; (and many do). Unfortunately, my reservations don't stop with  the original LP; this is the least successful of the Who reissues in that  it's been mastered from a mixture of stereo and mono sources and in its  bonus tracks manages to exclude the best song from the Ready Steady Who! EP  - &quot;Circles (Instant Party)&quot;.  Surely this can't be for legal  reasons as it's only the earlier My Generation-era version of this that is  under liscence to Shel Talmy.  So you get 4/5ths of the EP - how dumb is  that!   Oh, and it doesn't include the single version of &quot;Happy  Jack&quot; (which was actually on the original US album) - this is a  marketing strategy to make you buy the My Generation hits CD!
B000002UAI|2.0|Place this CD next to the Yellow Submarine album or an Interview disc and it may look like a must have; I have so say, make it one of the final Beattle CDs to buy.  As an owner of over 100 Beatles CD's, I feel like  enough of an authority to beg, &quot;Please Don't!&quot;
B0000039PW|5.0|Increasingly, rappers are commercialising their rap music so much so that it sounds like pop music. This album is an excellent exhibition of pure rap at its best. It will rank as the top 5 rap albums of all time. There is so  much skill and musical diversity on this album that you'll never get tired  of listening to this. This is the best effort by BIG. I own almost a  thousand rap CDs and this is on my top 10 rotation list. Enough  said...peace out.
B000002W9Q|4.0|Yes! i find!  In this moment when the world music going for a crazy and a trash i find this great and increrabul moment( yes, moment!  i relza completely when i listen these musics!  )  i can't stop to dance!  I puch  my big tv 9 50 &quot;) and i free dancing in my dinnerroom  ( my tv stay  always in this place...) That's Great! Love forever for all!   &quot;who  sing happy live !  &quot;
6300181553|5.0|I think Holiday Inn is a wonderful movie! It combines two of the most essential elements in making a great musical: Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire!  Any fan of theirs will surely be entertained.  The story line is very  good, the girls are very pretty, and the boys put on quite a show!
B00000I2LR|5.0|What can I say about this album? It's the brilliant debut from the best band to ever grace Earth with its presence, Garbage. If you're not a really hardcore Garbage fan, you should buy the US release of &quot;Garbage&quot;. But if you are reading this and are contemplating spending the money to get a copy of &quot;Subhuman&quot; (Garbage's first ever  song...as far as I know), DO IT! &quot;Subhuman&quot; is a brilliant song;  dark, biting, sharp and extremely catchy. This Japanese version of  &quot;Garbage&quot; also contains &quot;#1 Crush&quot;...the same version  as on the Romeo and Juliet Soundtrack. So if you're buying this thinking  you'll be getting the original version of &quot;#1 Crush&quot;, you're  mistaken. You'll probably have to search for the extremely rare vinyl  single of &quot;Subhuman&quot;. Anyways, &quot;Subhuman&quot; isn't the  only good thing about this album. It's packed with 13 other tracks, ranging  from a gloomy introspective kind of feel in &quot;Stroke Of Luck&quot;, to  confident and cocky self-proclamation in &quot;Supervixen&quot; (the best  track in my opinion. Well, buy it! It's worth it.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Let me start off by saying that this is my first Rage album I owned, although I did listen to Evil Empire.  So I am judging this by itself, not agaist other albums.  Okey, first off this album is great!  It has got some  really rockin' songs such as Testify, Calm like a Bomb, Sleep Now in the  Fire, and Born of a Broken Man(amazing chrous).  It also has the song that  everyone has probobly heard, Gurilla Radio.  This song is great, with Tom  Morrelo proving is is truly one of the best guitar players of the 90's.   This song also mentions alot of different political aspects, such as Free  Mumia.  Another song where they show their versitility is on mic check,  which is almost like an old school rap song, that still rules.  Zach de la  Rocha's (The proclaimed Anti-Myth Rhythem Rock Shocker) vocals are top  notch, ranging from the shouts(Now Testify!), to the funkier(Gurilla Radio)  to the low(The verses of Born of a Broken man).  Tom Morrelo makes sounds  that I never knew were ever possible on a guitar, and Y tim K and Brad  Wilks make up the rhythem section, with powerful bass and drum beat,  especially on Guirilla Radio.  All in all this album features hard tunes,  political lyrics, and amazing instruments.  Buy it right now!
0783226063|5.0|Dune is an awsome saga put to video.  Not much deviation from the novel saga.  Very well directed as well as casted.  You will notice some familar faces.  You will enjoy this movie if you are any kind of a sci fi fan.
B000021XR5|4.0|The STP Boys appear to be running with the same themes (musically and lyrically) developed in their prior album, &quot;Tiny Music...Songs from the Vatican Gift Shop.&quot;  This might explain the lame lack of a title  to the album, the rather boring album cover, and lack of decent liner  notes.  Nevertheless, STP keeps getting better with each new release.  Every (I mean EVERY) song on &quot;No. 4&quot; is a stand-out.  These guys  are the reincarnation of every great classic rock band of the late 60's and  70's rolled into one head slammin' package!  Because I've just started  listening &quot;No. 4&quot; I can only give it 4 stars.  Time will tell if  this one is a classic.  Check it out if you dig ROCK.
0060977493|5.0|Whenever I dislike a book, I can always think of a  thousand reasons *why* I dislike it.  When I love a book, when I want to get down on my knees and give thanks to the author's parents for her conception, when I want to  climb pecan trees and throw nuts to surprised squirrels and sing with  off-key delight, I find myself strangled by tears of gratitude and joy.   Thank you, Arundhati Roy, for THE GOD OF SMALL THINGS.  I can say nothing  more that would do this beautiful and heart-rending book justice.
6304613199|4.0|The Lost World - Jurassic Park has gotten a lot of  criticism since its release.  Much of it is justified, but equally as much is based on a very unfair comparison to the blockbuster original.  Only a handful of movies  can justifiably claim the title of &quot;classic&quot;, and none that I  know of are sequels.<br />The biggest problem for The Lost World is that it is  impossible to recreate the sense of awe and wonder that was inspired by  Jurassic Park's groundbreaking effects work. Instead, too much emphasis was  placed on the savagery of the carnivorous dinosaurs and the incredible  stupidity of the humans invading their territory.<br />However, it must be  pointed out that the T-Rex's, raptors and other sauripods in this film are  equally as impressive as they were in Jurassic Park.  There are some very  good, shuddery action sequences.  When the location shifts to San Diego,  there is a good deal of very legitimate comedy. The total absurdity of an  Animal Control truck's headlong response to a rampaging Tyrannosaur could  only be countered by its equally headlong departure from the area.<br />No,  The Lost World is not as good as Jurassic Park.  Yes, it's a little too  violent and yes, Jeff Goldblum's moralizing gets to be just about  sickening. But for all of these minor distractions, this is a very  entertaining movie that is well worth your investment of viewing time and  maybe a few dollars.  And after all, this time the critters win!
0780622553|5.0|Top film this, one can't help having flashbacks of it. Gothic, cold, dark imagery along with a mindbending storyline.
078062565X|5.0|Despite the galaxy of SciFi/Monster/Horror films that have flown, slithered, stomped, and eaten their way onto and through the silver screen, this 1933 classic remains among the very best.  Considering the state of  cinematography at the time, the production values are magnificent.  There  is little to none of the graininess, poor lighting and disturbing technical  glitches that were prevalent in early film-making.<br />The plot is somewhat  predictable but manages to effectively interweave elements of drama,  horror, adventure and some not-so-well concealed social commentary. The one  weakness of this movie is the lifeless acting by a supposedly excellent  cast.  Fortunately, the story itself and the production values are so  strong that the picture doesn't suffer.<br />This special edition restores a  substantial amount of footage that had been edited out through the years.   The restorations do improve the continuity and the intensity of the story;  however, they also markedly increase the amount of violent content.  Many  people have forgotten that King Kong has a number of rather gory scenes,  especially during the rescue/capture sequence on Skull Island.  Although  not in the nature of modern splatter films, this movie can be a bit intense  for young viewers.<br />If you are a fan of the Great Ape pictures, Tarzan was  impressive, Mighty Joe Young was fun, the Bridges/Lange remake of King Kong  was the pits, but this classic version stands at the pinnacle.  Kong is the  true &quot;King of the Beasts.&quot;
0792835980|5.0|Set in the world of high society, THE PHILADELPHIA STORY is a sophisticated romantic comedy about and arrogant young woman (Kate, natch) who learns a few things about herself and what she wants in a 24 hour period before her second wedding. Philip Barry wrote this play especially for Hepburn and it rekindled her screen career. The excellent dialogue is the mainstay of the film which is dominated by Great Kate's presence; Stewart won an AA for his playing of Mike Connor and Grant is amusingly funny as Dexter; the rest of the cast give uniformly excellent performances. THE PHILADELPHIA STORY fits the curious talents of the redheaded Ms. Hepburn like a coat of quick-drying enamel. As I mentioned priorly, Philip Barry wrote his play with Kate in mind, and this film actually made her again a bankable star after being &quot;labled box-office poison&quot; in the late thirties. The script is brittle with plenty of smart-talk which suited Hepburn's metallic voice while its languid action became her lean, rangy body; when Katharine Hepburn sets out to play herself, nobody is then her equal! Surrounded by the considerable talents of Cary Grant, James Stewart (AA), Roland Young and Ruth Hussey, Hepburn was ably assisted by pristine props! In any screen year, THE PHILADELPHIA STORY would belong among the best comedies of the year; its people are recognisable humans: they drink, make mistakes, they discuss their feelings and even discuss such ideas as class differences and decide there aren't any. All this makes for excellent adult entertainment - but in one respect, the story is childish since part of its plot is based on the naive assumption that &quot;nice people&quot; don't read picture magazines, that &quot;the right sort&quot; don't allow themselves to be photographed, that editors get picture stories by blackmail. Philip Barry knew better! This is classic Hollywood moonshine, impeccably distilled.
B00000K19E|5.0|WOW - What a ride, what effects, what a concept!  Pop this DVD in your player, sit back and enjoy the ride!
0764005685|5.0|...and it did. PHENOMENA was awesome. Jennifer Connely is sassy, beautiful, and a little on the odd side. The ending sequence is awesome. I was really suprised when Dario revealed the killer's identity. I didn't  really get it, but after the second viewing I finally figured it out. Note:  Pay attention to every piece of dialogue. The music is really cool too.  There are also 25 minutes of features on the VHS tape including: two music  videos, the theatrical trailer, behind the scenes featurette and an  interview with Dario Argento. Note: Stay away from the 28 minute cut  version entitled CREEPERS. It's horrible. Do yourself a favor, buy this  video and treasure it. It will bring you everlasting enjoyment.
6305171769|4.0|He's back! Michael Myers returns to haunt viewers in this brilliant sequel which quite rightly forgets the terrible franchise Halloween films of the last few years. When Halloween graced our screens, it seemed certain that a  sequel would follow. Shame really, making a part two would have sufficed,  but the movie-making machine deemed it fit to inflict four rather dubious  parts after that.  Reprising her role as original scream queen Laurie  Strode is Jamie Lee Curtis. This time, we meet her twenty years after she  watched her deranged brother seemingly burn to death after mass-murdering  her friends and family. Strode has changed her identity and now heads a  private school in middle-America. Curtis pulls of a nuerotic, paranoid and  damaged personality with a certain air of expertise; while her supporting  cast offer a range of roles. We join Strode on Halloween, where she is at  her worst. We glimpse into her medicine cabinet which tells us that this  woman has had a hard time dealing with her history. Her son is under her  protective shadow, and feels dreadful about it.  Before long, we see  Michael Myers beginning his journey to find Strode. Then the tension,  pulse-racing pace and all other classic Halloween factors come into play.  The cat and mouse chase sequences are brilliant and Strode's final stand  against her monster will put chills up your spine. A fantastic, genuine  horror movie, not delving into the silliness that we so often see in other  films. Truly a sequel that does not eclipse the original shocker, but  compliments it. Enjoy.
B000002B1M|5.0|This album is the best album i ever have heard. I can`t say in words how good this album is, you just have to buy it. I promise: you will love it. NAS rules and that`s a fact. This album are much better than Illmatic, I am  and  Nastradamus. Read my lips: THIS ALBUM RULES!
B00002MZ12|5.0|We all heard songs by Alanis .Her two albums that I first listened were really sad , and made me think about every word she sang.<br />I remember the last &quot;hidden &quot; song on her first album.She was just singing  without any music , just her voice .It was wonderful! That was the first  time that I thought that an unplugged album from her would be a great  success.<br />Believe me , &quot; Alanis unplugged &quot; is GREAT. Her voice  stands out more , we can enjoy more of Alanis now , because Alanis has a  great voice (Duuuhh)<br />Many of the songs Everyone enjoyed are on this cd ,  but I must say that some importnd songs are not on .<br />It would be better  for her to produce a double cd , because ...well we want more of her  magic.<br />I know that anyone who has enjoyed her previous albums , will buy  , and WILL adore this one .<br />No need to say more  Go out and byu it!
B0000025RI|5.0|To everyone. A all new Michael Jackson Album  coming out Next Spring (2000)<br />I love you Michael.
6304362498|3.0|'1984', being an English film, has clearly had trouble in translating to unsympathetic American viewers. Radford's adaptation of Orwell was so deliberately faithful that the end product should have been George Orwell  on screen. Not so. Naturally, to undertake such an opus is itself Herculean  so Radford deserves Kudos in that respect. There are plenty of treasures  here: Burton's performance as symbiotically represented with Hurt's and the  sheer attention to the most minute, nitty-gritty grotty detail being the  principal ones. The overall 'feel' of the film is as Orwell would have  intended: a wake up call to take a more direct approach in case anybody  missed the point in 'Animal Farm.'        And Orwell's point here hits home  thanks to Radford. The main trouble with the film is that it is too  depressing to stomach in some areas. It's sad to have to deduct a star for  that fact but it's true - '1984' is really not good entertainment at all.  Apart from a poignant soundtrack and the camera's worship of the colour  grey, there is really nothing left in this picture to enjoy when watching  at home. Very hard going in areas and the aesthetics of the set structure  are very quickly counteracted by the lurid hues of shifting monochromes and  immersion in small spaces. Basically what the viewer is left with is a  definite understanding of Orwell's anti-Communist standpoint as being  presented to match HIS idiosyncrasies, but there's really nothing to enjoy  or to come away from afterward. Still, a good job done on a compelling work  of literature (you might even be able to get away with watching it without  having read the book), only it's too intellectual to be anything more than  a Brecht mind-play - a self-absorbing representation of a dated phobia. I  bought it but I'd recommend only a rental for the plebs at large.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|This movie I liken in some general ways to Braveheart - or perhaps vice-versa.  At any rate, it like Braveheart, basically contains many different compelling facets to keep a viewer interested at all moments.   Perhaps the first movie to ever move me it is a favorite of mine.  An  equally tragic, beautiful with a bit more of a realistic approach, I  recommend this treasure to all.
0780021150|5.0|'M' was a film that was as beyond its time as it was enigmatic in title. Who could have imagined that 1931 audiences would have been able to stomach witnessing the harrowing descent in the fortunes of a Berlin  paedophile-homicide? The answer to that could well lie in Peter Lorre  alone. The instant he is shown, he clicks in our minds as the template for  any pervert-sociopath conjurable by any society. He is as pathetic as he is  depraved, the near-two hour run of the film lending tremendous scope to the  spiralling crash course he is on. Stripping away the heavy warning  overtones inherent to 'M', the viewer is really left to gape at a horrific  piece while feeling sprawled, reeling from an almost self-negating mix of  want for Lorre's destruction and the dread of capture to be found in any  set of chase sequences. The suspense surmounts as the minutes wear by,  begetting terror that is just too great to abstract from and contemplate.  The viewer is also left in a confused state because there is no protagonist  body at all to identify with, only a bruised satisfaction of evil quashed  by an unknowing coalition of societal elements being there to fill the  emotional void. There are but four players in this work: the Molestor, the  Mob, the Law and the Victims, each one turning like a set of gear-wheels in  a machine, but all at the same desperate, frenetic rate. The pervert's  capture and Mob trial are particularly intense areas of the story (this is  a part Lorre was created by God to play), the overpowering sense of dread  conveyed by the deluge of realism Lang's camera injects. Still, the Mob  itself is a phenomenon. These are REAL gangsters whom Lang utilised to  maximise effect and some of whom were arrested in real life during filming.  The mob trial they facilitate is too real to watch, too demanding on the  senses to appreciate as being merely an essential portion of the film.  Peter Lorre is a wounded, thrashing wolf one moment and a gibbering tangle  of Freudian/Durkheimian/Jungian cables the next.'M' is a documentary-film,  not the other way round.     As for the product itself: the print is as  good as any from the early Thirties. Several versions of the 1931 'M' are  in circulation and I don't think that this is the longest (try Eureka  videos in the UK). Given the merits of the work it contains, the price is  fair. This is really a more unsung hero in the Lang celluloid vault. It's  interesting to note that the 1951 French remake, while capable of holding  water as a film in its own right, just can't hold a candle to the  shock-value of this. This was Fritz Lang as Christopher Columbus,  discovering a territory in film that was not only unknown before but also  forbidden.
B00003003R|5.0|When I first listened to Guns N' Roses The Live Era '87-'93 I was amazed. Not since Appetite For Destruction have I heard such a powerful cd. I enjoyed that it had several of Guns N' Roses songs that were wild as well  as calm (Nightrain, Mr. Brownstone, November Rain, Don't Cry) My very  favorite part of the cd, is that Axl explains some of his songs, Used to  Love Her: is a joke, Estranged is a like a walk in the park..., there is  even a part where Axl tells people to stop smashing others. <br />Unlike some  other live albums Axl and the band sound great. <br />Also this has some  really cool band pictures.
B00000J7JO|5.0|They've grown, become stronger, and maybe, wiser and the music has grown with them. The Red Hot Chili Peppers is a band that has had its fair share of ups and downs, yet they are still able to grow. This album is not like  Bloodsugarsexmagic, (or anything before, as a matter of fact) because  Anthony, Flea, John and Chad are not the people they were when they  recorded it. I commend them on that and yes this album is more intelligent,  more feeling, and all around wonderful. True talent shines through... and  it makes you want to shake your booty, too.
0792156684|5.0|Simply the greatest movie I've ever seen and, strangely, the most reluctant I've ever been before sitting down and watching a movie.  I mean, 3 hours?  Like my mother now, who refuses to watch the entire movie, I  wanted to skip right to the boat going under.  <br />How wrong can you be?   The first half of this movie is supurb.  The soundtrack to the film is the  greatest ever written, bringing you in even further.  The effects are  fantastic, so fantastic that you forget they're there (unlike most films  where the effects are the star).  The acting may have been shallow but not  so much that you notice; you're too busy keeping up with the story and its  many turns.<br />Many scenes in this movie are . . . well, unforgettable.  The  music helps to capture this fully.  Jack and Rose on the bow, having their  first kiss.  Jack's eyes peeking out from behind the canvas as he draws  Rose's picture.  Rose's first appearance in the movie, revealed from  beneath her extravagent clothing.  <br />Perfect!  James Cameron kept it  simple and made you want to follow Jack and Rose all over this glorious  boat.
B00003000M|5.0|This is the album that mixes today's hip-hop flavors with the original king of reggae music.  By using a combination of hip-hop beats and the original music, this album will become one of the hottest record's of the  year.  Bob would be proud of his son's masterful work on this tribute  album, bringing more notariety to the marley name, for today's generation.
6305603847|5.0|The greatest rock movie of all time now with the CD convenience of direct track access and a bunch of new features.  I got my copy nearly a week ago and still havn't had time to view all the DVD bonus features.  Roger did a  great job - again.
6300184269|5.0|watch the pianist during the big party. she is playing the piano when suddely the fireplace becomes a vacuum and she grabs on to a bar only to have her clothing SUCKED OFF!
0425107469|5.0|I 've never been really too interested in Dean Koontz books but this book made me realize what I was missing. It starts out kind of slow with vivid details and descriptions of every little thing to set the mood just right.  After about 100 pages into the book, I was hooked. This book is full of  romance and action. It made me feel sorry for the dog and the monster. I  felt as if I were there and they were talking and interacting with me. The  main character, Einstien (a golden retriever) is a geniuos dog and he  really touched my heart. Even the most dreadful character in the book gives  you feelings of sadness, thanks to Koontz. Nora and Travis (the owners) had  to overcome many obstacles to fight for what they believed and in the end,  they did thier best. The ending leads you to start to think one thing and  then, a final surprise. I loved this book and would recommend it to anyone  who can read.
B000002C1Z|1.0|Dogs, Pigs, Sheep? Cute.  There is such a thing as taking a concept album too far and missing out on the main point, which is creating enjoyable music. If that appeals to you, buy Animals by Pink Floyd.
0441172717|4.0|This is  the most famous science fiction novel of all time. I read &quot;Dune&quot; (and all its sequels) when I was 21, turning 22. This was after I'd seen the books in the  shop for so many years. As a youngster I  was attracted by the airbrushed covers, with the giant worms, the robed  religious followers, the sand. The books looked frighteningly thick  though.<br />I finally gave &quot;Dune&quot; a go in 1998. Arthur C. Clarke  was right to compare this novel to &quot;Lord of the Rings&quot;. The  planet Arrakis is described in as much detail as Middle-Earth, the story is  monumental. When Paul Atreides' father is assassinated by the rival House  Harkonnen, Paul flees into the desert with his mother. They join the native  Fremen and eventually Paul leads them to greatness. There's a lot more to  the story than that of course, but it's too much to describe in a  paragraph.<br />If you plan to read the entire series its probably best if you  space the novels out a bit, read a couple of different books in between. It  will give a better sense of time passing. I read the books one after the  other. By the time I finished I thought I would see a Reverend Mother in  the street. I found the last two books a bit slow, but I felt obliged to  finish them. The original &quot;Dune&quot; is by far the best of the  series. <br />I've also seen the film (I think David Lunch did the best he  could under the circumstances).  We have the computer game too. It's  amazing all the merchandise that has been created by this one book.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I've seen Santana live a few times over the past two years and Supernatural makes me feel the way seeing him makes me feel.  The energy is there and I can feel it even in a rainy seattle winter day.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Wow, what a trip!  I've seen it three times since it came out and am still going back for more.  I think it would appeal to anyone who has ever  pondered reality and come to the conclusion that it's all completely  subjective.  The sci-fi element of the Matrix is well-conceived and  believable to anyone with an imagination although some suspension of  disbelief is necessary.  Despite the fact I'm not a huge fan of martial  arts movies, I was very drawn in by the use of martial arts here:  it's  appealing to think we are all physical equals contingent upon our mental  power.  Finally and importantly, the acting was excellent and the cast  created engaging characters.  So many people I know look forward to the  sequels with great anticipation.
0385484518|5.0|This book has had more impact on my life than anything else I've ever read, by far. It's a reminder to appreciate the simple, little things in life. It's a reminder that when you're dead, the things you've accumulated  and the things you've done will disappear. What will remain is the ways  that you've affected or touched other people.<br />This is a simple book with  simple messages.<br />Live fully and in the moment. Treat others with respect,  kindness, love, and dignity. Seek joy.<br />However, these messages are easily  lost given the constantly increasing pressures we all face. This book is a  guide to a way that you can live your life where you'll be able to look  back at the end and feel peace and contentment.<br />I've given copies of this  book to many people that I know. I encourage you to read this book and do  so with an open mind and heart.
0920668372|5.0|I first read this book when I was working as a pre-school teacher (I'm now a stay at home Mom). It was given to me with the warning of &quot;read it to yourself before you read it out loud to the class&quot;. Well I didn't listen and by the end of the book I was crying. It is a wonderful and touching story of a mother's unconditional love for her child and how the  circle of life continues. I buy this book for EVERY baby shower I attend.  This is my 2 yr olds favorite book we read it every night before bed. I  recomend this book to anyone with children. Young children love the antics  of the little boy as he grows and goes through changes. Wonderfully  illistrated. Just one warning: Read it to yourself before you read it to  your children, you don't want to be crying at the end.
B00001ZWTS|2.0|&quot;Wild Wild West&quot; was this summer's biggest disappointment. It performed well below the expectations at the box-office, and rightly so. &quot;Wild Wild West&quot; is filled with uninspired and obvious gags, even  worse, it is not at all funny. This is all the more astonishing since it  stars Will Smith, Kevin Kline and the beautiful Salma Hayek. All of them  proofed to be capable comic actors in previous pictures. Director Barry  Sonnenfeld was also known as a man with a freaky sense of humor (&quot;Men  in Black&quot; and &quot;Adams Family&quot; weren't great films, but at  least succeeded in entertaining the audience). <br />Unfortunately, they don't  score big this time. The special effects are good, but the whole films  appears overproduced and the actors seem to wear signs around the necks  which say what is funny about them.<br />&quot;Wild Wild West&quot; is an  example for soulless, uninspired fimmaking (as was &quot;ID4&quot;,  &quot;Godzilla&quot; and &quot;Armageddon&quot;). Let's hope that the  failure of that film does finally ring a bell among the studio-executives  and also the directors. Good films need a compelling narrative and (or)  memorable characters.
B000002GHH|5.0|Hiatt is a wry, poetic man. He touches upon the personal, little things that define our relationships, successes and foibles. He's a helluva musician, too. This outing is the tightest out of all his works. It has a  little more edge than Slow Turning - Slow Turning is a tad more countrified  (but not at all shabby).
0792838637|3.0|Since &quot;Tomorrow never dies&quot; is a James-Bond-film, one can be quite sure in advance that this film will neither be a complete disaster nor an all-time-classic (similar to the films of the  &quot;Star-Trek&quot;-franchise).<br />This one stars Pierce Brosnan once  again who is really an acceptable James Bond. But like his two films, he  has only little panache. It would perhaps be unfair to blame him for that  since the creators are only striving for spectacular action scenes. It's  not that I don't like action but I think James Bond films must be different  from other action films. They really need a touch of class. In this  respect, the Brosnan-starrers have still plenty of room for improvement.
0446525537|4.0|If you are looking for page turning suspense, edge of your seat expectations of what is to come, DON'T read this book.  If you want to curl up in a chair, finish a book in one evening, enjoy a coming of age love  story, &amp; if you are old enough to remember that first love &amp; still  like to dream about it once in a while, then READ this book.  Once again  Sparks touches our heart in a subtle warm way, waking our feelings &amp;  emotions.  What a glorious change from intensity!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Im a huge metallica fan and i recently bought the new cd.  I just have one word for this cd AMAZING. If you are a metallica fan and dont have this cd you are messed up.  Metallica is one of the best rock bands ever and them  with a sympony its so awesome. This cd is defintly the best cd i own.
068484267X|5.0|Words can not really describe my feelings as I was reading this autobiography.  McCourt captures the experience of the Irish Catholic childhood with faultless accuracy.  The guilt, the shame, the humiliation, the systematic and completely accepted abuse (both physical and emotional)  of the Irish Catholic child, which begins from the day they are born, is  faithfully portrayed.  This book will make you laugh, cry and seethe with  rage at the injustice of it all.<br />For me it was a great source of comfort.   Thank you Frank McCourt - how you survived you childhood is a miracle  indeed.
B00000K0DT|5.0|Believe it or not, Usual Suspects was actually somewhat of a sleeper when it first came out in 1995...but no longer.  Suspects combines a great cast, an intricate story (don't find too many of those these days), and  outstanding directing.  <br />What was likely the breakout role for Kevin  Spacey is quickly becoming a cult film noir worthy of quality DVD  collections and has even reached the level of being consistently quoted by  fraternity boys... &quot;Give me the keys ...&quot;<br />Joining Spacey is  Stephen Baldwin (one of those Baldwins) which turns in a solid performance  as a slightly nuts, yet cool under pressure, McManus (also check him out in  Threesome); Chazz Palminteri (Analyze This, Bullets over Broadway) plays a  tough acting fed who gets played like violin; Benicio Del Toro who does a  great job with smooth Fenster. I'll stop here, but the whole cast is  great.<br />The beauty of this movie is how the story develops and leads your  little brain into believing the events, names and characters that populate  it.  And when the puzzle finally seems to come together and you think you  are so cool for having \\"known it all along\\" and satisfied to have watched a  great movie, director Bryan Singer and writer Chris McQuarrie tear the  puzzle apart like your mean older brother would do only to leave you with a  thousand pieces that could come together in a completely other way.   <br />Watch Suspects over and over again and discover the subtleties and clues  that are sprinkled around the film.  You'll be continually amazed and  entertained.
630382336X|5.0|Everything about this film is magic.  I first saw it when I was 12 during the disco era, and immediately saw how superior this reality was to the everyday one.  I think that's what the '60s were all about:  a glimpse at a  superior reality. Unfortunately that reality was only glimpsed as we are  stuck here in the '90s:  the ultimate mediocrity of reality.  It was  19 years today since John Lennon's death, and many of us wont rest until  his killer gets what he deserves:  a first class seat on old sparky.  We  all wish we could pull the switch.
B000002KBU|5.0|This is an absolutely brilliant album.  I am usually into more modern alternative music but all the tracks are sung with such meaning and feeling it is impossible not to like and be at least a bit touched by them them.   The lyrics are all meaningful e.g. little green about her illegitemate  child.  I could listen to this album over and over again and i would never  get tired of it (in fact i do and i don't get tired of it).  Although i  like all the songs my favourites are little green and a case of you. I  would most certainly reccomend this album to anyone.
B00002MZ2C|1.0|I find it very backwards and terrible that some people are ripping into the band for being on Epic records.  I think it's funny that nobody challenges say New York Times for writing misinformation, being led around  by their rich corporate advertisers and takes time to criticise such true  injustice.  No they're wasting their time attacking Rage for actually  trying to get themselves out to enough people to fire back against such  nonsense.  (Yes I know the Dead Kennedy's, Blackstar and these types of  band's are amazing BUT they are not the only path you can take to make  change.)  Most people aren't truly educated in the varied ways of  revolution.  I think it's more like whatever's practical for your  particular situation.  Now what worked in South Africa was the non-violent  kinds of civil disobedience that Nelson Mandela prefered.  While what  undeniably was used in America and France was a form of violent revolution.   While even the Black Panthers who tried to make change in an equally grand  way but focused on the smaller zone of urban city life.  They had shoe and  clothes factories opened up as a source of income to provide for the free  programs they were giving to the people.  Now not only is this simply mere  practicality because your obviously not going to exist in the more  revolutionary structure they were talking about overnight BUT it was using  the system against itself.  Now this is what Rage is doing by being on Epic  records.  It's using the system against itself and trying to work to take  it out or its evils from within.
B00002Z88D|1.0|After reading the first few reviews, I noticed they all gave positive feedback. I then scrolled through the 175 other reviews and found only about 5 that didn't like it. I figured the problem is that the real  Metallica(old) fans don't bother to buy Metallica's CD's any more, so it's  not possible to give a bad review. Everyone knows Metallica sold out after  &quot;Justice&quot; due to Bob Rock and this album is just another way to  rake in cash without writing any new material. The orchestra sounds awful,  and is often too soft to be even heard. By setting a keyboard to  &quot;orchestra&quot; mode, and inserting notes into some of Metallicas   songs, you could have duplicated this album. Nothing new, nothing  special...just tryin to be trendy.
B000001FS3|5.0|No matter how many times I listen to &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot;, an album I've had ever since it was introduced back in 1987, I never seem to tire of it.  Every listen seems to yield new meaning.<br />&quot;With Or Without  You&quot; is one of the most emotionally powerful songs ever produced, I  would say.  Listen to the buildup of tension in the background music, the  energy of the guitar, and the haunting cry of the narrator, and you will  see what I mean.  That song, coupled with the excellent tracks &quot;Still  Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot; and &quot;Where the Streets Have  No Name&quot;, constitutes what is arguably the best trio of songs to open  any rock album.<br />Those three tracks were justifiably hits, but don't miss  the rest of the album either.  &quot;One Tree Hill&quot;, &quot;In God's  Country&quot; (which was used to close off the film Three Kings this year),  and &quot;Red Hill Mining Town&quot; are also personal favourites.<br />Any  fan of rock who appreciates the marriage of skilled instrument work and  evocative lyrics will not be disappointed with this album.  Go for it!
B00000JZC4|4.0|When Short Bus came out, I thought it was the CD of the year.  Great HARD pseudo-industrial songs with bold lyrics and quality vocals.  Short Bus had an edge.  The new &quot;kinder &amp; gentler&quot; Filter is a mild  disappointment.  Don't get me wrong, TOR is still better that 90% of the  CD's out there today.  It's just that Filter watered down their material  way too soon in their R&amp;R lifecycle.  If you have not already done so,  buy Short Bus and then buy TOR.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Unbelieveable at first, even don't know what's talking about, but as the movie goes on, everything becomes so possible that I even start to wondering if I am in the Matrix. Very breathtaking.
0783229526|4.0|Terry Gilliam produces yet another derranged film that totally amazed me.  Based on Hunter Thomas' novel, I wonder how many of his fans feel about this new adaptation.  I've read the novel, and truthfully I see no real  changes in the film.  A few here and there perhaps, but nothing big.   Johnny Depp does an admirable job portraying the eccentric Thompson.  An  all round great movie, at times throughout the film I actually felt as  though I had taken a hit off of acid.  Again, if you are a huge Thompson  fan your critique will probably be a little more deeper than my own.   Honestly beyond his book and this movie I don't know a lot about him.  I  know at one part he rode with the Hell's Angels, which took balls.  If they  were to make a movie about that, you'd have an Oscar nomination to expect.
B000001E8P|5.0|...sadly un-Pulplike.  Jarvis's singing style, for instance: never heard anything like it.  He mumbles, interrupts the stream of vocal melody for a monologue.  He is unique as Morrissey was (Morrissey would and does stretch  the syllables of words till they fit the measure).  This cd has a theme of  strange, voyeuristic sexuality.  Like Morrissey, he makes the one who feels  weaker and smaller seem powerful: wittier and more cunning than the big,  stupid rich ones.  Unlike the Smiths, Pulp has a social sensibility too, a  political undertext that hits you gently (no humorless political rhetoric).  On top of it all, Pulp has sterling pop instincts.  &quot;Disco 2000&quot;  is the perfect pop song: unforgettable hooks and a poignant story.  Even  the &quot;album tracks&quot; have beautiful chord structures and lyrics  that stay with you.  There's never been a song quite like  &quot;Underwear&quot; or &quot;Live Bed Show.&quot;  I just wish there  could be more, more, more...
0671646788|5.0|This is the VERY BEST self-help book ever written! I will give copies to my children when they are old enough to understand. You MUST read this book.
B000003S5H|5.0|The best album of 1998. Fresh and Mellow, it improves with age, from the opening &quot;Femme d'Argent&quot; to &quot;La Voyage de Penelope&quot; its brilliant A must for anyones collection
B000000WF0|4.0|What a shame this band broke apart a few months ago. This album, Urban Hymns, is by far their best album. Starting out with the cool, bizzare song &quot;Bittersweet Symphony&quot;, this band gets you in a mellow  mood.<br />Only complaint here is the fact that the CD drags on a little bit  near the end.<br />This is a very talented band. Strong vocals, and good  instrumentals shine throughout this album. Ranging from techno-ish to soft  guitar rock, the Verve will  &quot;take you down the only road they've ever  been down&quot;.
0451526384|5.0|Persuasion is beautiful.  It is also poignant, thought-provoking, heart-wrenching, satirical... I re-read it at least once a year, and am always amazed at how much Anne's story has come to mean to me. <br />This book  makes me laugh and it makes me cry.  It combines all the elements that make  an Austen novel an Austen novel.  Sir Walter is a most hilarious buffoon,  Mr. Elliot is as evil a villain as there can be, Mary is the quintessential  spoiled, selfish baby sister, and Captain Wentworth (sigh) is her most  dashing, romantic hero. Yes, I will always have a soft spot in my heart for  Darcy, but his love and devotion were not tested for &quot;eight years and  a half.&quot;  IMNSHO, someone who is NOT moved by Captain Wentworth's  letter has a heart of stone.
B00000I8BX|4.0|Well, this is Fear Factory at its best! I think that this is some great hardcore industrial music. With raging guitars, spine snapping drum beats, decent vocals, and great bass, just imagine how they must be in  concert.<br />This edition of the album also features bonus tracks, such as  &quot;Cars&quot;, a mellow cover song. You might recognize it from the  credit card commercials. <br />Anyway, good album overall. Only complaint is  that some of the songs sound the same. I'm looking forward to Fear  Factory's next album.
0792156684|5.0|Okay, at this point some 900 people have already reviewed this film on Amazon, but I just can't resist trying to tip the scale, just a little.  Easily the best film OF ALL TIME, Titanic is the ONLY film ever to deserve  the kind of hype that it received.  I know a lot of people diss the romance  as &quot;corny&quot;, but if you can't enjoy the romance in Titanic, then I  feel sorry for you; you are way too cynical.  The special effects are cool,  but it's Kate Winslet that makes this film phenomenal.  I can't BELIEVE she  didn't win an oscar!  No film will ever match the appeal, the unique  &quot;flavour&quot; of this movie.  Remeber; just because it's overhyped  doesn't mean it isn't excellent.
6305622914|5.0|I can't remember when I laughed as hard as I did watching the antics of the chracters. I recommend this movie to all.
B000002HMH|5.0|Many people have called this album a sellout...these people obviously cant appreciate diversity Metallica started out as 4 teenagers with energy, anger, mindblowing riffs and lyrics...this is metallica almost 20 years  later!  James Hetfield even has kids....the headbanging Metallica of the  past rocked, but Load has catapulted them into greatness. metallica have  shown the world that unlike other bands, they are not afraid to let their  music evolve as they themselves change as individuals.. This album will  definitely be counted in the top 10 of the 90s...GO OUT AND BUY IT NOW!
0060926317|1.0|Why would anyone follow the advice of a tribe who selects Marlo Morgan as its messenger? This book could have been authored by a 10 year old with a slightly decent imagination. It is an insult to the intelligence of the  reader and a disgrace to the publishing world.  If Marlo truly practices  what she preaches, I sincerely hope she is donating all proceeds from the  sale of this book to an environmental organization or other worthy cause.   I'm tired of all the preaching, I want to see some action.
0812589041|5.0|This is a book for all ages. The reading is not difficult, yet the characters and plot have astounding depth. This is the book that started it all. This is Orson Scott Card's legacy. Almost everybody who has read Card  has read Ender's Game at one time or another. Most started reading Card  because of Ender's Game. Ender's Game's plot, characters, setting, and  description are all top-of-the-line. This is the most incredible Science  Fiction/Fantasy novel I have ever read, along with Watership Down and  Stranger in a Strange Land. Some say this book is perfect. I have to agree.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I love this alblum!It's bueatiful,sad,and yet it rocks!Some of the songs have some awesome guitar solos (by Daniel Jones) and ,the most bueatiful singing (by Darren Hayes.)Some of the best tracks are:I Knew I Loved  You,Chained to You,Gunning Down Romance,The Best Thing,Affirmation,and Hold  Me.I've lisened to this alblum about a million times,and I only got it 2  weeks ago!If you lisen to it once your gonna lisen to it over,and over  agian!It's definetly worth it to buy this alblum!and oh yeah Savage Garden  are #1!
B000002BE9|5.0|I've had Fiona's CD Tidal for about a year now and I still listen to it constantly. She has very interesting and creative songs on her album. If you like slow songs (not LOVE songs) then this is the album for you. I  really enjoy her voice and the lyrics to her songs. I definately reccommend  this album to anyone who wants a GOOD cd with many good songs. Most CD's  you buy you find a few you like, but with this one EVERY song is awesome!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I love this alblum!It's bueatiful,sad,and yet it rocks!Some of the songs have some awesome guitar solos (by Daniel Jones) and ,the most bueatiful singing (by Darren Hayes.)Some of the best tracks are:I Knew I Loved  You,Chained to You,Gunning Down Romance,The Best Thing,Affirmation,and Hold  Me.I've lisened to this alblum about a million times,and I only got it 2  weeks ago!If you lisen to it once your gonna lisen to it over,and over  agian!It's definetly worth it to buy this alblum!and oh yeah Savage Garden  are #1!
0590353403|5.0|Harry Potter was a great book.  Harry has a lightning mark on his forehead. From when he was a little kid and you-know-who killed his parents but couldn't kill him. As he tries to find out who's trying to still the  stone. While he's at a whitch school. He also has had a hard time at home  before he goes to Hogwarts with his horrid aunt and uncle. Don't forget His  couisin. Read it you'll love it.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I love this alblum!It's bueatiful,sad,and yet it rocks!Some of the songs have some awesome guitar solos (by Daniel Jones) and ,the most bueatiful singing (by Darren Hayes.)Some of the best tracks are:I Knew I Loved  You,Chained to You,Gunning Down Romance,The Best Thing,Affirmation,and Hold  Me.I've lisened to this alblum about a million times,and I only got it 2  weeks ago!If you lisen to it once your gonna lisen to it over,and over  agian!It's definetly worth it to buy this alblum!and oh yeah Savage Garden  are #1!
B00002R0MC|5.0|Bob Marley Songs a Freedom.  Is a great cd.  This box set used to sell for $300 bucks around 5 months ago.  I was about ready to pay that for it!  So the price is nothing.  This is a fantabulisc cd.  If you are a big Bob Marley fan you will know that this is the greatest BM cd around. ENJOY!
0887306713|5.0|The book gives an excellent, in-depth analysis of principles and factors that drive 18 of the most successful companies in the world.  The authors' continual reference to preserving the core (core values, not core  technologies) and stimulating progress resonates with force.  The authors  cite many cogent cases that bolster their premise.  Specifically, a  formerly atrophying IBM recently re-established itself as one of the  leading technology companies by stimulating progress.<br />While I am not a  CEO, nor even a manager, the book's findings were as applicable to my job  as they are to that of a CEO.  I recommend this book to anyone who wishes  to make a difference in his or her organization
0399143904|5.0|I've never read a book with so much action and suspense. Some people think that reading 900 pages is a waste of time but you can't pass this opportunity. I wish they make a movie out of this and show James Bond who  the real action heroes are. It's worth every minute you spend reading  Rainbow Six. This is a really really good book if not one of Tom Clancy's  best books ever. Read this book before you play the game!
B000001E7L|5.0|I've been a somewhat loyal listener of the cranberries and have to say, out of the three albums that I have heard, this is #1 in my book...My all time fav is Zombie...Delores have a very unique voice and a way with words  that just get to me...I would definately recommend this album to  everyone...
B00000IO4J|5.0|Unlike OTHER reviewers, I felt the movie was decent, as I stated in the review title.  The plot was interesting, I think a good plot, and I know that teachers, not from this &quot;generation&quot;, also got chuckles  thinking that teachers could be from another planet, or at least be  inhabitited from another planet.  I think I know why SOME people were not  pleased with the movie, and it was because they expected to much.  You have  to go into the movie theater reminding yourself that this a typical horror  movie meant to attract young, hip people, hence the hotties(josh hartnett).  The movie was a typical horror movie, I cannot stress that enough, and  don't compare a horror movie that was ment for laughs, with a movie that  wasn't.  I think the FACULTY is the coolest funniest horror movie of the  year!
6303430570|5.0|I think the title just about says what I need to. If you enjoy real dark humor this is it.  It's worth seeing several times as you can't possibly pick it all up at once (as you won't be able to hear much of it over your  own laughter).  Kevin Smith is the greatest, if you liked Mallrats, buy  Clerks.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|WHAT WAS THAT PEOPLE? I THINK THAT JENNI SHOULD GO BACK TO SINGING CLASS AND FIND OUT THE MEANING OF SINGING MAN , SHE IS SO BAD , ACTING AND SINGING ,AND THE WORST PART IS THAT SHE THINK THAT SHE IS SELENA , THERE IS  NO WAY NO HOW SHE CAN BE LIKE HER, NOT EVEN IF SHE GOES TO SINGING CLASS  FOR TEN YEARS . AND NOW I ONLY HAVE TWO THINGS TO SAY FOR YOU OUT THERE  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON IT(IS BAD)AND FOR JENNI I AM SORRY GIRL , I THINK  THAT YOU SHOULD GO BACK TO COLLEGE AND PLAN TO GET A CAREER THAT WILL APPLY  TO YOU.
B00002MZ12|5.0|This albulm is extremely easy to listen to. 'Head Over Feet' is brilliant, so is 'King of Pain' and 'You Oughta Know'. Her previously unreleased songs, particularly 'These R The Thoughts' top off this excellent albulm  from an extremely talented singer. I can't wait for her next one!
B000002MY3|5.0|thats what I kept humming all day after I got this CD. If you want a single cd in which all the tracks are by one singer and there isn't even one track to which you can say that its not soo good.?  Well then Jagged  little pill is for you...I am sure that you shall love this one. I call her  the queen of Alt. Rock. nothing gets better than this trust me
B000002U9Y|5.0|I am a very BIG Pink Floyd fan and i have to say this is THE greatest album they've ever done (or ever will do)! I have nothing but great things to say about this album, and if i were to write them all down here i'd be  here for years! Listening to &quot;Remember&quot; a Day and  &quot;See-Saw&quot; really depresses me, because of Rick Wright's waning  lyrical contributions in later years.  He has the ability to write the most  beautiful songs. *sigh* Oh-well. The rest of the album is equally  fantastic.  Starting with Rogers &quot;Let There Be More Light&quot; with  its dark mysticysm. &quot;Set The Controls...&quot; and its menacing  undertones. &quot;Corporal Clegg&quot;; (fabulous manic guitar Syd),Waters  first scoff at war. &quot;A Saucerful of Secrets&quot;; winding, falling,  climax of sound. And finally Syd's &quot;Jugband Blues&quot; a song so  hauntingly sad he almost makes you want to cry. I miss you Syd
B00000DGUG|5.0|Alanis Morissette has proved with her second major release that she can do what not many other singers are able to do,....the uniqueness of her music proves that fact that she deserves to be on the top of the charts  everyhere... The day I got the album I found myself listening to it for  almost 7 hours. I am sure that you shall do the same..its a great buy as  all the song are really good. my personal favourites are So Pure and thank  you.
0446310786|4.0|I am a tenth grader at Messalonskee High School in a college prep english course for my grade. Part of my class grade is represented by this summary of To Kill a Mockingbird, a part of the book that most people miss.        In chapter 10 a mad/rabid dog comes to Maycomb County named Tim Johnson. In  this chapter there is a lot of symbolism representing Maycomb County as a  whole. In the first chapter of the book there is a description of the town  as being a weary, tired old town. People mope around going from store to  store at a slow pace. Everything is moving in a very slow pace and it is  very signifigant to how much symbolism occurs between chapter 10 and 1. As  (tired, old, rabid) Tim Johnson mopes along the old streets of Maycomb,  this is where the symbolism occurs. He is infected with the rabies virus.          It says in chapter 10 that he is moving in a straight line, not a  care in the world where he is going. He is moving slow and steadily. He is  dangerous because he is infected with this virus. He is moving at a  nauseating crawl. My teacher pointed this out to us in our class. I just  wanted to let others know who are reading this book, about this, so they  can see the technique of writing that Harper Lee has.         She describes  old Tim Johnson as being liver colored. This is a sick color kind of  reddish like the color of the roads of Maycomb County. Tim Johnson himself  represents all of Maycomb county as a whole. The sick minds of people, for  ex. the prejudices of the towns people. He is going crazy because of  rabies. The town has  began to get crazy as the trial of Tom Robinson is  coming up. There is a lot of symbolism throughout this whole entire book.  This summary is for people who have already read this book and are looking  back to see the most important aspects of the story. This is one of them.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Alanis has proved her skills and her way of involving herself into her music. She is a great composer and song writer. The Unplugged album is a really nice one. Just get the Album its worth every penny and I am sure  that it would make a Great Christmas gidt for someone in your faimly who  likes Alanis Morissette's music..
B000005J56|5.0|Listening to this CD after a rough day simply put it all into perspective and made me see the simplicity and beauty in life... Maybe just for the moment but that was enough!
B000020617|1.0|As a big fan of the last two Foo albums I was eagerly awaiting the release of the third. Boy, what a let-down. The first three tracks are great but after that the whole thing falls apart. All the other songs have absolutely  no appeal. They sound nothing like the other records and more like recycled  soft-rock trash! If your looking for proper alternative rock, then look  elsewhere.
6305558167|5.0|Unlike the movie _Merlin_, _Excalibur's_ filmmakers thought that a realistic delivery was appropriate for such a legendary subject which was evident in the adequately passionate acting. Rich storytelling,  historically accurate, and full of energy is what makes _Excalibur_ the  classic that it is. Compare that to the Excalibur wannabe(Merlin), which  had overdramatic acting, showed  no real passion, and detracted from my  enjoyment of the movie. Contrary to _Excalibur_, noone ever smiles in  _Merlin_ which had a very overdramatic story, lacked spirit, and somehow  misses a  magical, epic feel. _Excalibur_ is never far short of these  components making it an enjoyment to watch time and time again. The  costumes and settings in _Excalibur_ also had more of that 'medieval' feel  which was contemporary to Arthurian times, whereas in _Merlin_ the costumes  seem to come right out of a 60's Woodstock performance. If one looks  closely, they will notice that parts of the set  in _Merlin_ was recycled  from the set of 'The Oddyssey', another Hallmark production!  If you  don't read books and think that the actors in the Blair Witch Project  actually disappeared in real life(laughs! ) then _Merlin_ is for you. If,  however, you are a learned individual who truly wants to learn about the  Arthurian mythology, then by all means watch _Excalibur_!
630419143X|5.0|Something for everyone. Me and my two kids (17 &amp; 13) have watched this at least 10 times. The puns are fantastic... &quot;Hey look! I'm Picasso&quot;.. &quot;Uh, I don't get it&quot; and Mr. Potatohead taking  off his lips and... well, you need to watch it. You may even start using  lingo like &quot;gettin' kinda tense aren't ya?&quot; in your daily  conversation.
B000002B82|5.0|This album is so good!  I love it!  Ozzy's heaviest album in my opinion.  This is a CD that really gets you in a good mood.  With Zakk Wylde on guitar you can't go wrong.  If you are just getting into Ozzy's music then  BUY THIS CD!   You won't regret it!
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool is the greatest band!  Everything ties together very well and Maynard's voice is so suductive and emtional. It has so much feeling in it and it is the best music you will ever listen to!
0553274503|4.0|This is a great book full of real life experiences about a grown up retarted man, that all he wanted in life was to be like everyone else. Although this book is painful to read at times, the author's techniques  don't let you put the book down. I recommend this book to everyone that  likes science-fiction with a real life twist.
0553274503|5.0|When I started reading this book it caught my attention really fast. All the way to the end I wanted too know what would happen to Charlie. Charlie was born retarded which we later find out by his memories of the past. I  loved the way the author described those memories and feelings. The  relation in between the characters are very special and make the book  touching at times or harsh. A lot of emotions are presented to you in the  book especially anger. It's a must read book!
B00001R3GC|5.0|Sticky Fingers is one of my favorite classic rock records next to Exile on Mainstreet, Abbey Road, and the White Albam.  I think this record front to back is strong with great guitar sounds and vocals.  I swear one of the  songs on here sounds like a Black Crows song.  I really enjoy listening to  this record and with classic like &quot;Brown Suger&quot;, &quot;Wild  Horses&quot;, and &quot;Can You Here Me Knocking&quot; is proof enough to  get this record.  Get it because it's awesome.
B0000060NA|4.0|The [then] eargerly-awaited double-album opus &quot;Songs In The Key Of Life&quot; - believe this or not - is considered over-rated and over-produced to some of the most hardcore Stevie fans today.  In truth, it  really is an impressive statement, like earlier albums in the Wonder  catalog, Stevie masters many kinds of music without ever losing his own  identity.  &quot;Songs In The Key...&quot; boasts many elements; most  prominent are funk jams &amp; delicate ballads, but there's also acid-rock,  swing, latin, gospel, even Hare Krishna chants.  As usual, Stevie has an  exceptional gift for lyrics and this album makes no exception.  There's  destitude horror in &quot;Village Ghetto Land&quot;, historical  declarations in &quot;Black Man&quot;, and biblical wailing in  &quot;As&quot;.  &quot;Joy Inside My Tears&quot; acheives in greater effect  what Stevie's &quot;Superwoman&quot; did 4 years earlier, it combines  happiness &amp; sadness in the same space.  It's as if you can hear Stevie  laughing &amp; crying at once when this track plays.  The very-familiar  &quot;Isn't She Lovely&quot; is a beautiful valentine to his wife &amp;  daughter.  &quot;Another Star&quot; is the epitome of 70's jazz/soul/funk,  it mixes lighting voices, wailing horns, rapid percussion &amp; Stevie's  beating piano.  The album is so varied that it may not have an immediate,  exciting appeal to the ears.  Like other brilliant music, sometimes it  takes several listenings to decipher what it's all about.<br />Some of the  tracks extend themselves to 7 or 8 minutes, but you don't really notice,  you could go on singing La-La-La forever.  There really is a lot to swallow  at once.  Once again he repeatedly seems to be reaching for truth.  It's as  if he's always saying - of all things a blind person could say - &quot;With  love, there is always light at the end of the tunnel&quot;.  It is a  landmark album.
B00001R3GI|5.0|Exile on Main Street is possibly the most enjoyable records of rock history I know besided the Beatles Abbey Road.  I think this albam has really really great songs front to back with one of my all time favs  &quot;Tumbling Dice&quot;.  I think this albam should get reconized for  it's orginality and music ability.  If you music fans don't have this great  albam, get it: it's worth the money.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This CD captured what I believe Blink-182 is. Firstly, Mark, Tom, and Travis is a trio that can rarely be found. I went to their concert in Asbury Park, NJ, and let me tell you, they were so incredible live. They  played mostly songs from this new album, ENEMA OF THE STATE. Listen to the  lyrics and laugh along or look deep into inner meanings of sentimental  songs. I highly recommend it, along with their other CDs. BLINK ROCKS!
B00001R3GF|4.0|I really enjoy this record...Some Girls has similuar sounds to any other Stones record but songs like &quot;Miss You&quot;, &quot;Beast of Burden&quot;, and &quot;Shattered&quot; make this albam better then a  average albam.  It's worth getting, and rather enjoyable to listen too.  A  must get for a classic rock and stones fan
B000002LND|5.0|I've been a Madonna fan ever since i can remember, and i must say that &quot;The Immaculate Collection&quot; is a great cd. While not containing all of her 1983-1990 hits, it does contain the best pop music of our  time.Of course, there are a couple complaints: remixes of Like A Prayer and  Express Yourself drastically alter the arangement. The heavy guitar work  that made the song special is turned into synth-heavy disco. Express  Yourself is changed from a deep funk groove to a synth wonderland.Also,  some of Madonna's biggest hits are not present : Angel (#5), Dress You Up  (#5), True Blue (#3), Who's That Girl (#1! ), Causing a Commotion (#2),  Keep It TOgether (#8), and Hanky Panky (# 10).Despite that, this cd shows  how creative and necessary to our culture Madonna is. Even if someone hates  her (how is it possible?), they can still sing the verse to Vogue, describe  the video to Like A Prayer, or tell you where they were the first time they  heard Material Girl. Madonna is THE performer of the Century.Sorry for  rambling
B00000K2SC|5.0|Is life imitating art or art imitating ...anyways this is one freaky movie. It makes you wonder if you are walking around in a dreamstate or something like that. The downloading of programs into your brain is the  coolest thing maybe one day we'll be able to do that,...yeah-right,...and  hell'll freeeze over the next day. The story line is very well thought out  it dosen't leave anything out for us to try to piece together as far as the  computers role in how they harvest humans like crops. This is definately an  energizer that keeps going and going.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I don't know exactly what it was about this CD, but I fell completely in love with it.  I have played it so many times that I am driving everyone crazy!  But I can't help it, because their is so much to this album.  All I  can say is Hayes and Jones are an amazing duo.  Their songs conjured up  feeling I never knew I had.  I can't say enough.  Just buy it, and see for  yourself
B00000G3Q4|5.0|bruce campbell and sam raimi even denounce how bad the acting and special effects are on the commentary track of this DVD which is hilarious as sam and rob tapert constantly put down bruce and the acting of everyone while  telling intresting stories, i swear you will never look at this film the  same again after hearing this commentary track. bruce campbell's commentary  track is gold, instead of telling behind the scenes stories he's doing more  of a Mystery Science Theater 3000 mock of the film which will have you  rolling on the floor with laughter. the extra 20 minutes of footage is  intresting, wish they could have found every bit and piece of film with  bloopers and fiddling with the camera but this is all they could find. its  intresting to see the attitudes of everyone on the set change as the  shooting got more unconfortable and intense and its very funny stuff. the  only thing this dvd is missing is Within The Woods(you evil dead heads know  what i'm talking about) the movie made to raise money for this based on the  same thing.  this movie is a classic, and i'm very glad to see sam,rob,and  bruce know its horrible film making, yes it amatuerish but hey, it was made  by amatuers. get this DVD, its everything you could want from this film.  then see part 2, coolest film since A Better Tomorrow and Taxi Driver.
0140177396|5.0|This is an icredible novel.  The story was slow-paced, but filled with action.  The characters- George, Lenny, Curly, Curly's wife, and so one- were interesting and there was even an element of suspense.  The book ends  with a very emotional scene that may anger or sadden you.  Either way, John  Steinbeck created a literary masterpiece.
B00002ZMNW|5.0|When I first heard the CD, I thought the orchestra clashed mightily with Metallica.  Upon watching the video, however, the imagery, the editing, the energy and the mixing worked together to provide me with a visual score  reading of the whole event.  The orchestrations now don't seem so  &quot;busy&quot;: in fact, they provide a majestic context to the excellent  songs chosen for this historic concert. The visual experience also revealed  to me the delicious complexity and intuition involved in the writing  itself.  After, S &amp; M, I now place Metallica among my favorite prog  rockers (which is Yes, Kansas, Genesis--but Metallica rocks better than all  of the above!).  <br />By the time my machine switched to rewind, I realized I  may have preliminarily witnessed a &quot;new&quot; multi-movement American  symphony in the tradition of Copland and Leonard Bernstein. What a  marvelous thought!<br />Here's to hoping Messers Kamien, Hetfield, Ulrich et  al. attempt more experiments (involving orchestra and rock bands) in the  near future.  Moody Blues notwithstanding, please take note Joe (Jackson),  Paul (McCartney) and Billy (Joel):  Metallica has succeeded in their quest  for rock/symphonic fusion.<br />Favorite Cuts: 1) Intro/Call of Klutu/Master  of Puppets; 2) The Outlaw Torn; 3)Where Ever I Roam; 4)No Leaf Clover and  5)Battery
B000001F7J|1.0|I am a huge Kiss fan- I like and own all their albums-except this one bites. It is complete rubbish from start to finish and it is an embarassment to Gene and Paul as well as their fans. Asinine, juvenile  lyrics make them (read GENE) sound like a 12 year old with his first  Playboy and the songs are all plain uninspired and mediocre. &quot;Under  The Gun&quot; is the second worst Kiss song of all time, second to &quot;No  No No&quot; off of Crazy Nights. (Which is a good album).
0395754100|5.0|Fantastic book -- great &quot;heirloom&quot; quality item that will be remembered forever.  Bought this book for my 3-year-old niece -- then tried to back out of giving it to her because I got all nostaligic.  Big fight  with my sister-in-law. Niece ended up with the book -- I came off looking  like the bad guy.  If you want to score big this Christmas, buy them this  book.  But don't get too attached to it. Remember -- you're a grown-up.
B000002I97|5.0|This has to rank up with the all-time great singer-songwriter albums like Harry Nilsson's HARRY, SWEET BABY JAMES, and Tom Wait's CLOSING TIME.  Buy this now and you'll not only be getting Prine's debut album, but his first  greatest hits release as well.
0425170349|5.0|I'm a little pressed for time right now, but what I can tell the readers of this book, is that it is a great read.  I enjoyed reading Rainbow Six, a real page turner.  That's all I have.
0140277447|5.0|One does not necessarily have to be a Japanese History expert in order to write this book, afterall, it's on China, not Japan. What with the Japanese helping civilians from chinese looters, giving them food, etc.,  &quot;That&quot; is propanganda. <br />Not all Japanese soldiers committed the  atrocities, those were the exceptions. But for every exception, there were  a million nonexceptions. As for the death toll, no one can be sure of the  number of people who died. What is appaling is the way they died, under  torture, as pictures and testemonies have shown. <br />What sounds ridiculus  to me is the fact that someone would actually claim that the pictures are  &quot;arranged.&quot;Are they fake? Pictures can't be   &quot;arranged,&quot; they were either taken or not. The events depicted by  the pictures either happened or didn't. That Japanese soldier smiling in  the picture was not similing for the camera, he was smiling at the man  being tortured and killed.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Wow.  Now there is a powerful album.  Rage Against the Machine knows exactly what the problem with US government is, so they use their awesome musical talent to protest against it.  With Tom Morello and YTimK using  their guitars to make sound effects seeming impossible without DJ  equiptment, they make very powerful and hard-rocking songs to get their  message across.  Though it differs from earlier styles of music, this album  creates new ideas for music, and for fighting against the power.  This  album is a must-have for any Rage fan.
B000002AS3|5.0|Definately Maybe is the best album in the world. There are songs like Live Forever, Cigarettes &amp; Alcohol, Married With Children and Supersonic that just simply are the greatest songs in the world. If you are Oasis fan,  you have to get this album because it's the best in the world! Mad fer it!  P.S. If you especially like this album, you should by Live By The Sea  because it's a very good video.
0802473628|5.0|This book is a great resource for not only couples, but also people who are interested in learning to communicate better with others.  Amazingly, the walls that seem to make you feel distant from those that claim they  love you and those you love can disappear with just a little communication  regarding &quot;how&quot; and &quot;what&quot; makes you feel loved.  I  really feel that God will bless the relationships of anyone who reads this  book and focuses on putting God at the center of their life. Enjoy- I back  it 100%.
B000002BBY|5.0|Good album from Oasis. my favorites are: Some Might Say, Champagne Supernova, Wonderwall and Don't Look Back In Anger. Still Definately Maybe is the best album but this is a great one too. Mad Fer it!
014028009X|4.0|I laughed out loud while reading this book.  This book really portrayed what it is like to be a woman in their late-twenties trying to have it all.  Bridget wants it all, boyfriend, career, friends and close family.  The  book is easy reading and you will certainly enjoy it if you just want  something &quot;fun&quot; to read!
B000002C25|5.0|This album is great from Oasis but maybe not that great than the other albums. This album has a massive sound of rock n roll with all the guitars and electric sounds. And the songs are quite long. I would say that this  album is a sort of rock n roll clishe album. Propably my favorite song from  this album is It's Gettin' Better (Man! ) because it has got a massive  sound and a good old-fashion rock n roll feeling. It sounds good. There are  also good songs like D' You Know What I Mean? Be Here Now and The Girl In  The dirty Shirt. Mad fer it!
B000006N61|5.0|I first saw the Road Warrior when I was little and loved it, it was my favorite of the three. I probably rented it 100 times. I have come now to love Mad Max the most. The cheesy, low-budget feel and look  makes it cool. The original version was dubbed in English, get the Australian original, much better.
6305076464|5.0|Fawlty Towers has got to be the most hilarious sit-com I have ever seen. I highly recommend this to anyone with OR without a sense of humor, it's sure to make even Scrooge die laughing.
B0000024JN|5.0|&quot; Liscense To Ill &quot;, by the Beastie Boys, is one of the best hip-hop albums of all time. The skillful way in which these guys masterfully blend the genre's of rock and rap is music to my ears. The  rhymes are amusing yet eloquently put. They were one of the first groups to  mix hip-hop and rock. Run DMC was another group to do the same. I compare  &quot;Raising Hell&quot;, by Run DMC, to &quot;Liscense To Ill&quot; in the  fact that both are extroidinary albums. More hip-hop artists of today need  to take a look back at the old school and remember their roots. In the  immortal words of Tupac Shakur, &quot;What more can I say, I wouldn't be  here today, if the old school didn't pave the way.&quot;
0790736101|5.0|Truly one of Hammer Films best efforts. Still one of the best Dracula movies ever made. (at least until Coppolla's Dracula)The beautifull technicolor, moody scenery, and great cast make this a must own for lovers  of horror. Let's just hope that the same care taken in transfering the  laser disc version is taken here. (as well as all older movies )
B000002GXS|4.0|This record is dominated by the slightly derivative style that Waits spent about half of &quot;Closing Time&quot; working on -- the 40s' jazzy pop tune.  Lyrically, this record is less about love and more about the poetic  description of the nightlife, but there are still no narratives and little  musical innovation.  The songs themselves are often sketchy and soundalike  -- in fact, very little sticks with you afterwards with a few exceptions:  the spoken &quot;Diamonds On My Windshield&quot; and &quot;the Ghosts of  Saturday Night,&quot; the simple, moving &quot;Heart of Saturday  Night&quot; and the sweet &quot;San Diego Serenade.&quot;  This isn't to  say that the album isn't enjoyable, it's just that Waits hadn't found his  groove yet.
B00000J2PH|5.0|This is a very emotional and poignant album. You can see what a beautiful person Carole King is through her music and message. &quot;Beautiful&quot; is a little on the sentimental side, but the rest of the album is  brilliant. &quot;You've Got a Friend&quot; is more passionate than James  Taylor's version. &quot;It's Too Late&quot; still hits home after all these  years. The same can be said for &quot;So Far Away&quot; and &quot;Will you  Love Me Tomorrow.&quot; Her own rendition of &quot;Natural Woman&quot; can  make a man melt. The title track is also a beautiful song. And although the  lyrics are inane, you won't be able to get the tune for &quot;Smackwater  Jack&quot; out of your head.This is an album that you just have to add to  your library of CD's.
B000002GWJ|4.0|This record has 2 sentimental pop songs -- one from West Side Story and one about a crippled child -- 7 very dark, hardboiled caper tunes, and one tune in between.  This record is more bluesy and has more electric guitar,  and the tighter ensemble playing allows Waits the chance to tinker with his  persona, turning him from the ham-and-egger in the lonely bar to a  well-travelled lowlife story-teller.<br />This record has lots of good songs,  but a few of them are pretty damn weak -- &quot;Wrong Side of the  Road,&quot; &quot;Whistlin Past the Graveyard&quot; and &quot;Sweet Little  Bullet...&quot; being the worst.  The songs that work best create a strong,  simple musical backing for Waits' storytelling.
B000002L68|5.0|The eighties had a lot of lousy music. But this album is awesome. Every song rocks. The guitar work is tremendous. And Prince never showed any indication on any of his previous albums that he could play guitar that  well. But he proves it on the title track, &quot;Let's Go Crazy,&quot;  &quot;Computer Blue,&quot; &quot;Darling Nikki,&quot; and &quot;When Doves  Cry.&quot; Incidentally, the latter song may be the best tune Prince ever  recorded. You can't have a complete classic rock collection without this  album. Buy it.
B000002GY9|5.0|At first I hated this record.  I thought it was way too overdone and derivative.  But now, I can appreciate the strength of the songwriting and the arrangements, which I previously thought were way too soggy and  overdone with strings.<br />This is the record with which he forsook pop  entirely, in order to play stuff that feels like the music to a 40's or  50's jazz musical set in dives all over New York or LA, with a touch of  beat poetry and classicism.  Waits creates a fictional persona here, rather  than working with the lonely Everyman of his first 3 records.  He turns  many of the songs, particularly &quot;The Piano Has Been Drinking&quot; and  &quot;Invitation to the Blues&quot; from jokes (they're about nasty bars  and ogling a cute waitress respectively) into memorable, terrific  tunes.<br />The songwriting is more consistent here than on most of his  records, although some songs are weaker than others.  On the whole, this  record isn't as hardboiled as his next 3 and isn't as pop as his first 3,  so I'm not sure where to place it, except as Good Music.
B000023VR6|5.0|This CD is simply GREAT. I wanna say thanks to Dr.Dre and Mel-Man for producing this awesome disc and all the rappers and singers who contributed to this cd. It was definetly worth waiting for Dr.Dres solo sophmore  release. He might be (already) 34 years old, but his lyrics and unique  voice are just blazin... hey, and always remember... age aint nothing but  a number. I also wanna recommend you JUVENILEs &quot;400 degreez&quot;,  DMXs &quot;Its dark...&quot;, Lil Troys &quot;Sittin phat down  south&quot; and all 2PAC cds, cause he will always be the BEST rapper  ever!
B000002GYR|5.0|This album and &quot;The Heart of Saturday Night&quot; is actually quite different his other Asylum records.  The production is much more AOR on this record, with lots of acoustic guitars, backing vocals, and gentle  melodies.  There's none of the beat storytelling of his later records to be  found here, although the album is mostly about late-night loneliness and  characters who feel far from home.<br />Musically, it's very poppy.  The songs  have a folk influence here; &quot;Old Shoes&quot; is a perfect example.   Also, Waits' jazzier material on here feels like 30's or 40's pop songs --  &quot;Midnight Lullaby,&quot; &quot;Little Trip to Heaven&quot; and  &quot;Grapefuit Moon&quot; for instance.<br />The songs themselves are very  memorable, and although the production is kinda bland and the lyrics aren't  nearly as incisive and poetic as his later albums, the album is still one  of his best.
B0000020T3|5.0|I found the vinyl version of &quot;Shake Some Action&quot; in a bargain bin at a Moscow, Idaho, department store nearly 20 years ago, not knowing who the hell these guys were, and that album still gets plenty of play. It's so good that I'm reluctant to buy anything else by the Groovies for fear it will taint my feelings for this release.  Absolutely great album/CD.  Buy it.
0451160916|5.0|I loved this book so much because it was exciting and thrilling.  When the family has to go up to the mountians to look after the Overlook Hotel for the winter, Danny has visions that things are going to go wrong.  He has  visions that there will be murder, blood, and death.  When he starts  yelling REDRUM, that is the most thrilling part of the book.  Read on to  learn how this great and scary book ends!
B000002J09|5.0|I have just enjoyed reading the many reviews for this album. So should I try and justify my opinion and impress people with so called musical ability or musical ear because I've had some training or the range of my  musical taste (which is very wide), suffice to say: I think this is a  brillant album. If you like, and obviously alot of people do, you like it,  if you don't, get over the fact that ALOT of people love this album.  <br />Well ... I love the Beatles, Pink Floyd, The Stones (Roses and Rolling),  Joni Mitchel, RHCP, Monteverdi, Bach, Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert,  Shostakovich, Britten, Bird, Miles,Coltrane etc etc etc. I have thousands  of CD's, I play Guitar (Jazz and Rock), Piano (Classical), I've composed  songs blah blah - it really doesn't matter, this is still one of my all  time favorite albums/CD's<br />I bought it a few months after I bought  Revolver (my first record) and a couple of months before I bought Dark Side  of the Moon - which I saw played live. Both I would give 5 stars. But I  listen to the first six more than any group of CDs in my collection. For  me, 25 years later, still listen, still love it.
0451160916|5.0|I loved this book so much because it was exciting and thrilling.  When the family has to go up to the mountians to look after the Overlook Hotel for the winter, Danny has visions that things are going to go wrong.  He has  visions that there will be murder, blood, and death.  When he starts  yelling REDRUM, that is the most thrilling part of the book.  Read on to  learn how this great and scary book ends!
0783113145|5.0|This movie is definitely in my top five of all-time, maybe top three.  It is, in my opinion, perhaps Robert DeNiro's best performance- and that is saying a LOT!  He is very believable as Calogero's hard-working father  (Lorenzo)- one who just wants to teach his son the &quot;right thing&quot;  to do, even when it is confusing.  DeNiro also directed the movie. Chazz  Palmintieri does a great job as Sonny, the neighborhood Mob boss who tries  to steer Calogero away from the streets and keep him in school.  These two  men have different methods, but both seem to genuinely have Calogero's best  interests at heart.   The rest of the cast is fun, and the  &quot;guys&quot;- such as Eddie Mush and Jimmy Whispers- are colorful and  provide laughs, as well as a good background for the film.  (Sopranos fans  will recognize Lorenzo's wife as Charmaine Bucco, Artie's wife!)   All in  all, a masterpiece of a film.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie is one of the most thought provoking movies I've seen to date. There is an excellent mix of sci-fi and action, and the philosophical concepts woven into the mix only enhance the viewing process. If you have  not already seen this movie, please go out and see it; it's fantastic. The  movie explodes into action in the first scene and continues forward, never  letting up until the end. Even if your favorite stars are not in this film,  it is a must see! The co-directors do a great job of controlling the  special effects so that they do not take over the film. They also sculpt  the scenes in such a way that, by the end of the movie, the viewer can't  help but be immersed in the story. Again, this is a must see film, I highly  reccomend it!
6303921248|5.0|After viewing this video series at my local library, I knew I must own it...and what a good decision that was. If you feel at all like a 19th century person in a 20th century world, this will be the film for you. For  serious fans of period movies, this is an excellent choice. It is mainly an  aesthetic film: beautiful people, lovely costuming, breathtaking scenery.  Quite a juxtaposition to the actors in the modern version of  'Persuasion'--they were not as pretty as the actors in this film, so if it  is realism in actors that you are after, this is not the movie. However, it  does shed some interesting light into the social customs of the day:  entailments, the social class structure Jane Austen is concerned with,  propriety,  early 19th century marriage customs, and some excellent views  into relationships. I highly recommend it. It's not necessary to watch the  whole thing at one sitting--as a person with a busy life (as we all have!),  I watch them one at a time, and in any order I please.
0451197968|5.0|This story was a great story written about the future. It also was a great action story. I liked how one thing happened and then all of a sudden you were hit with another thing that happened. This had a great ending one that  I did not think was going to happen.
B00003BE32|5.0|this is the LIMITED EDITION 2 tapes . one of them is the live concert and the other is special bonus featuring 40 minutes of behind the scenes footage , interviews with metallica and the symphony . Her you will find  the bonus tape funy as hell especialy from JAMES !  must have for a  Metallica fan .
1567184855|5.0|As a reader of hundreds of books on spirituality, religion, mysticism, etc. (Robert Monroe, Jane Roberts, the Tibetan Book of the Dead, Lobsang Rampa, Theosophy, Yogananda, Chuang-Tzu, Dion Fortune, Eckankar, etc., just to give you an idea of what I brought to reading this book), I can only say that I was ASTONISHED by this book.  There are so  many questions answered here for which I've never gotten satisfactory  answers: for example, how suicide affects karma, why humans are so often  evil (and what happens to them when they die), what the ultimate goal and  purpose of life is (stated everywhere, especially in Christianity) but for  some reason this is the first explanation that has made any sense to me.<br /><br />This description of the nature of the universe and our place within it is fully compatible with discoveries in quantum physics, as well as many traditional faiths.  It is simultaneously  scientific and spiritual.  I experienced profound shifts while it- was changed by it.  I cannot recommend it enough.  If you buy only one  book this year, make it this one!<br /><br />Added 9/3/13: I'm curious after all these years how valid or useful readers have found Newton's approach.  I started a discussion called &#34;Life Between Lives- Valid? Useful?&#34;- it's here:<br /><br />https://www.amazon.com/Life-Between-Lives-Valid-Useful/forum/Fx36YMDJ4A1G54B/TxJINB7GZYVED5/2/ref=cm_cd_notf_message?_encoding=UTF8&asin=1567184855#Mx1OV17XUDBR3S4<br /><br />I would love to hear of others' experiences with it, personally or professionally, or thoughts in general, especially as it relates to other approaches.<br /><br />UPDATE March 1, 2015:  At last, a credible and in depth review of Newton's approach (along with reincarnation in general and related issues), from a scientific perspective: [[ASIN:B00TI01I1I The Afterlife and the True Nature of Reality: The Quest for Answers to the Great Questions of Existence]]. Whether you have doubt the validity of Newton's approach or its utility in helping people, this book details the author's experiences with it- highly recommended.the author's experiences with it- highly recommended.
B000009CEM|4.0|I'm not ashamed to say that this might be their best work,but what was Burton/Dino/Christian/Raymond thinking with &quot;Timelessness&quot; and that darn title track?  Dude, that totally did not fit the CD, it just  wasn't their stuff. Sure, they might of liked those compliations, but not  everything needs to be released, should it? On the bright side,  &quot;Descent&quot;, &quot;Edgecrusher&quot;, &quot;Ressurection&quot; and  &quot;Freedom or Fire&quot; are probably the best  sounds I've heard in a  long time in both the heavy and industrial metal scene.
0395389496|5.0|I think The Polar Express is a great book. It opens up the imagination and belief that there is a person who delivers happiness for kids and that children do believe, and believing is just the begining.
6304167660|5.0|Movie after movie is released, filled with upper class people living well with no visible means of support in some American city. But most of us grew up in some other place - villages, towns, suburbs. Some of us left, many of  us stayed; where we wrestle with relationships, sex, identity, friendship,  livelihood, family. Want to see a movie filled with wonderful young actors,  with memorable performance after memorable performance as their characters  graple with their lives in a small town in New England. Portman's  performance has been characterized as one of the revelatory performances of  the decade. Great sound track. Buy it and enjoy it again and again
0446525537|5.0|I was previously unfamiliar with Mr. Sparks work, but the cover caught my attention and I thought I'd try it out.  Two things caught me by surprise in this book.  The first is that I found myself wanting to hit the kid  (Landon) over the head with a rolling pin and inform him that he was  falling in love.  I actually found it refreshing for the author to NOT  spell it out for us.  Some might call this predictable, but I really  enjoyed &quot;walking&quot; with Landon on his journey of discovery.  The  second was Sparks' courage as he approached the ending.  The end was gutsy.   Kudos.
6302902010|4.0|How do we encourage the owners of the Dorothy Dandridge version of Porgy and Bess to release it on DVD ? !  My rating applies to the Dorothy Dandridge version
B00002Z88D|5.0|I've been a Metallica fan for several years now &amp; each time they release something new it's even better than before.  S &amp; M is no exception.  This album rocks!  I love the combination of Metallica and the  symphony.  This is a must have for any Metallica fan!
0802130208|5.0|This book gets better every time I read it. Toole develops the characters wonderfully and the dialogue is tremendous. Ignatius is a man born in the wrong century and he gives a good funny critique of this one. Although Fortuna spins his wheel down through most of the book, at the end it takes  an upward turn. This is the only book J K Toole wrote as an adult so savor  this one fine read. There is an e mail discussion group on this book.  Order this one now. You will find  yourself reading and re-reading this classic.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I love this CD.  Ive heard every CD by these guys, and this one has GOT to be their best.  Its got amazing songs like &quot;Around the World&quot;, &quot;Easily&quot; and &quot;Get on Top&quot;, this CD is definately a  winner.  You have to get this CD.
6305627401|5.0|For those of you that are in to musicals or those of you who are music majors, this is a must see.  Although vulgar and racist, the creators of south park have developed a highly intelligent musical.  The orchestration  came out of nowhere as a complete surprise. I watched it with my music buds  and we could not get over how well it was done.  It was actually scary how  well.  The only draw back is that if there are little ones around, ya might  want them to leave.  I think the f-bomb gets dropped about a hundred times  or more.  Oh and if you are really proud of your culture no matter what it  is, you may be offended; they try to get everybody.  These guys are out to  destroy political correctness and I commend them for that.  So on that  note, watch or don't watch it's your life.  p.s.  If you've never seen the  show before and don't know what to expect, I would recomend finding some  copies of the show to warm you up, for those of you who love SP; you  already know its a great movie.
B00000J7JO|5.0|my 1st review seems to be gone(i had the 1st review of this album before it came out)so i'll write another! the peppers have been my fav. band for 10 years now and have yet to let me down with any thing! now i've read many  reviews on how this album is weak and not the peppers at their best but any  true fan who knows the history of this band knows that the peppers have put  out their finest work so far! john frusciante left the band back in 1992  and left the peppers in a tough spot! the peppers finished their tourwith  arik marshell and went back into the studio right after.things didn't flow  right so arik was out jesse tobias was in! jessie was booted shortly  after(playing two shows with the band)and dave navarro was in! at this time  john was dying from a herion addiction and needed help! dave and the  peppers would release one hot minute in 95 and dave would be out in  98.after the bad reception the peppers got with ohm flea went to john,who  was in rehab and asked him to come back! john came back and the peppers  played some shows and then went in the sudio to hammer out the beautiful  and funky californication! the peppers have been to hell and back and this  bascially is their story in music! this album has so much emotion and is a  true rock record! though it's not like blood sugar(their best album)it is a  worthy follow up! the pepper have the funk with songs like around the  world/i like dirt/purple stain and other and then they have the beauty and  emotion! anthony put it best... this is a concept album about california  and the love and hate he has for it! california can be the most beautiful  place but it can be the most evil! the peppers should know cause they've  seen it all! and californication has it all! weak it is  not! emotional/powerful/beautiful and funky it is! the peppers have painted  a wonderful masterpiece with this album!
B000005S0E|4.0|Shake Dog Shake is like a good dream that suddenly turned into a nightmare, but instead of being scared you are just fascinated.  This should be one of the first Cure albums you should own.                                                  P.S.- I have read Amazons reviews of many Cure  albums, and if one more Cure fan refers to STARING AT THE SEA as  &quot;Standing on the Beach&quot;, I think I'm going to cry:(
B000002HH9|4.0|this album recived alot of bad reviews by many people when it came out but it kinda put the cure back onto the map! they were back and selling out shows(they still gave their all playing about 30 songs every night and up  to 3 hours in length)and they were making videos and getting attention  again! this album is their most radio friendly album to date and had some  more radio friendly singles(something they have had in the past but each  album had limited selections)when i first go this album i loved it but  after not listening to it for a while it kinda doesn't have that same cure  feel that i once thought it had when it came out in the summer of 1996.this  album does contain some good cure songs though! treasure is one of their  best and one of my favorite cure tunes! jupiter crash/bare/this is a  lie/want/numb remind me of the what the cure should be like! stange  attraction/mint car were the two singles that got the attention on the  album(i've read many places that strange attraction was the new boys don't  cry but i don't think so)round and round and round has a guitar part from  inbetween days in it(2 late also had the inbetween days melody also-2 late  is on the lovesong single).gone!is a horrible song and should have never  been released as a single(or included on galore)club america is kinda dumb  and gets boring to listen to after a while! trap has a little edge to it  and is a little harder(kinda like shiver and shake from kiss me)the 13th  was a werid choice for a 1st single but i still enjoy it for some  reason! and return! gets old after a while too! not a album that can be  listened to by myself over and over but still has some good tunes! if you  want to hear what the cure's best mucis sounds like then i suggest you  check out wish/distengration/pornography/the top/kiss me or you can wait  until feb. 15th 2000! that's when their new album bloodflowers comes out!
B00000IPAX|5.0|this Album is great and all the song on it are great. &quot;All the Small things&quot; is also a great song. This CD is really worth your money!
B00000BKDV|5.0|A great album! Good metal songs, very complex... this is music baby!  the 3rd best album of the irons! BUY POWERSLAVE AND KILLERS AND SOMEWHERE AND 7TH SON AND IRON MAIDEN AND NUMBER AND FEAR OF THE DARK too! :)
0060229357|5.0|My wife and I have read this book hundreds of times to our daughters ages 5 and 3 for a couple of years now and they never get tired of it.  A great book for letting their imaginations run wild.  This book belongs in every  young childs bookcase.
B000002JPA|5.0|Why? because they are both the best of the best of the best style... it's simple as that! if you like rock music, you like music that is less good then this Progressive metal style, if you like metal, so it's the same. and  this is the best of this style, and this style is the best of rock, so if  you like this style, or rock... this album is the best! simple ah? just buy  it, it has a really nice cover too so it's a small piece of art from both  ways, inside and outside!
6302424887|5.0|Macbeth is true to the play and to the hard times it takes place in. No fluffy haired, toothpaste models lit by flourescence. Polanski captured the miserable living conditions of that era, and told a very realistic and  entertaining story, with great direction and great acting on all accounts.  I only wish this title recieved more respect. It would be great to see it  on DVD widescreen, with a proper cover; one not depicting Banquo, that  looks like it was thrown together as an afterthought.
078401213X|5.0|To liken Pi to Eraser Head is just about the dummest pigeon-hole I've ever come across. I am a fan of David Lynch as well as Jean Cocteau. Ok, it might be reminiscent of both styles of direction but, that's as far as it  goes. Pi is simply brilliant and unique in its own way. To call the film 'a  student effort' is an attribute made by someone who obviously hasn't a clue  about film-making. The acting is superb. The photography / cinematography  is simply wonderful. I should know - I'm in the business. Further reading /  stimulation: If you are into advanced mathematics: 'The Anthropic  Cosmological Principle' by Barrow and Tipler will make your toes curl.  Additional reading - if you're into the patterns of nature, or that giant  organism that is 'us', try 'Gaia' by J.E. Lovelock. And if you are into  Super-Computers, Kurzweil's 'The Age of Spiritual Machines' maps out the  next century for you. Having spent the last eight years researching the  subject, I cannot agree that Pi lacks research. For anyone nonplussed after  seeing Pi then, watch it again and again. If you still don't get it, my  advice is: GIVE UP
B000002LND|5.0|The obove words say it all. Thats the only way I can put it into word
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I think that this is the best cd I own. The songs are so beautiful and I myself am constantly agreeing with what they are saying (&quot;I think beauty magazines promote low self-esteem&quot;-Affirmation). My favorite  songs are Affirmation, I Knew I Loved You, and The Animal Song, but they  are all fantastic. Nearly anyone with any sort of heart or opinions can  really appreciate Savage Garden's cd.
B00000K19E|5.0|If you didn't like the 13th Floor, don't assume you won't like the Matrix.  The Matrix is fast-paced, original, and wonderfully crafted (e.g., did you know that the red hues were filtered out of the matrix scenes to give the  viewer a sense of a drab facsimile of reality?).  Although few sci-fi  movies are as thought-driven as 2001, the Matrix is surprisingly  stimulating.  It definitely holds your attention throughout and makes you  want to watch it again when you're done!
B00000I5Y6|5.0|I am getting older.I am finding that I prefer intelligent music.Music that not only gets your body moving, but also gets you thinking.Kansas delivers both.From the poetic Masque (my favorite),to The best of Kansas, to the  wild mind shattering Freaks of Nature especially the song Black Fathom  Four..I have not found a band that can top them.Can't wait for the next  cd.I know they won't dissapoint,they never have.Listen to the words.
B00001U0GQ|3.0|As if watching a normal movie without any sound effects, THX!  Where is the awaited for movie!  I am so disappointed.
B00000I5Y6|5.0|I am getting older.I am finding that I prefer intelligent music.Music that not only gets your body moving, but also gets you thinking.Kansas delivers both.From the poetic &quot;Masque&quot; (my favorite),to the wild mind  shattering &quot;Freaks of Nature&quot;especially &quot;Black fathom  four&quot;..I have not found a band that can top them.Can't wait for the  next cd.I know they won't dissapoint,they never have.Listen to the words.
B000002MUW|4.0|Well, Madonna celebrates her self-worth here with hip-hop music. Songs like Survival, Secret, Human Nature &amp; Take A Bow talks about the loneliness of beng on top alone and resilience. Although Madonna ain't no  hip-hop artist, she does a pretty good job here fusing the beats and  rhythms into a cool R&amp;B hip-hop album with the unmistakable Madonna  sound! Working with Nellee Hooper (Bjork's producer), Dave Hall, babyface  and Dallas Austin, Madonna displays her artistry in another genre of music  but with pop sensibility. EXCELLENT TRACKS include Human Nature, a song  about Madonna having no regrets over the artistic choices she made; Bedtime  Story, a Bjork/Nelle Hooper electronica-trance hit, which was electronica  b4 electronica was known; Take A Bow, an Oriental-influenced  Babyface-Madonna hit about fame and loneliness. Anyway, many would have  hated the frankness and the no-pushover overtones on this album, but what  the hack, Madonna always opens the can of worms. Listen to the album  complete, it's truly a story of Madonna from start to end.
B00000ILDF|3.0|This film could have stopped David Fincher's young career right in its tracks.  It took over a year to shoot, it went well over-budget, and it was only a hit in Belgium, France, and Japan (in other words, cultures in which  existentialism is popular).  But it was incredibly photographed by Alex  Thompson (Excalibur, The Krays), well acted by quite an impressive cast  (including Charles Dutton, Charles Dance, Pete Postlethwaite, and Paul  McGann, just to name a few), and featured outstanding editing, costume  design, and set design.<br />And the film even spawned discussion about a  possible AIDS analogy.  If you accepted the early 1980's view of the HIV  virus, the film could mirror the scenario of a predominantly-male  population slowly being killed-off by an entity it cannot stop.  Of course  the view that HIV is only a gay man's disease is totally inaccurate.   However, the film did remind people of that old view of AIDS.  &quot;Bram  Stoker's Dracula&quot; of the same year featured a better AIDS analogy, in  which the entity, vampirism, was sexual in nature and could kill anyone.   <br />But Alien 3 is still a good film.  Certainly better than the fourth  episode.
B000002MFN|4.0|Everyone thought Madonna committed career suicide with this album, but she didn't. As the most underrated Madonna album, Erotica contains a diverse range of musical influences. The first lead-off title track contains a  sample of Kool And The Gang's Jungle Boogie and is fused into a hip-hop  song with an Indian chant interlude. Take away the erotic visions of the  video and the book SEX, Erotica is a sensous, sexy and lusty song. Other  cool tracks include the remake of Peggy Lee's Fever into an updated 90s  dance ditty; Rain, a stunningly written &amp; produced ballad, the house  number Deeper And Deeper and Words. The problem with detractors is that  they link the album with too many of the imageries that came along with  SEX. Put simply, the EROTICA album talks about sex, lust and human behavior  towards the 2 issues.
6304698658|5.0|Christmas Vacation is one of THE best Christmas movies that you can watch over and over again and not be bored with! It's one of my personal holiday favorites that I have to watch at least once a season! The entire movie is  so absolutely funny- from the &quot;little full, lot of sap&quot; tree to  Grandma singing the &quot;Star Spangled Banner&quot;, it keeps you in  stitches from beginning to end! So if you want to watch a holiday movie  that will leave you with Christmas cheer, this is definitely the one for  you!
B000002N3J|5.0|For an artist who knows no artistic boundaries, Madonna presents her second greatest-hits collection, STR. While the Immaculate Collection records mostly the dance hits, STR brings you her ballads. Listening to  this album, you would have realised that Madonna has evolved from a  newbie-material girl to sex siren to sophisticated woman. Memorable hits  like Crazy For You, Live To Tell and Oh Father brings back the good old  days when Madonna hadn't a large repertoire of ballads. In the 90's, she  gave us more in the form of This Used To Be My Playground, I'll Remember,  Rain, Take A Bow &amp; Forbidden Love. Included here are 3 new tracks, an  excellent remake of Bob Marley's I WANT YOU with UK trip-hop band MASSIVE  ATTACK. Cool and blue! The Orchestral Version gets 5.5 stars! Plus 2  Madonna-David Foster compositions You'll See and One More Chance. You'll  See is a Spanish-tinged love song of self-worth and survival after a broken  relationship and One More Chance is Madonna going acoustic on guitar, akin  Carole King. What's missing is the 1993 ballad BAD GIRL, which wasn't so  bad after all. So listen to STR and be touched again, by Madonna.
B00000K19E|5.0|This was by far the greatest movie i have ever seen. It had great special effects and great music throughout the whole movie. I have seen this movie many times and havent gotten tired of it. I would recomend this movie to  anyone who hasnt it.
068484267X|5.0|This book was exquisitely written!  I enjoyed the humor of it:  it was amazing that the author retained such a sense of humor under the terrible circumstances he endured as such a small child. This book is a must-read!   It will make you thankful for what you have when you hear about how some  people have to struggle just to survive.
0767830520|5.0|This was one of the most different movies I have ever seen. It is filled with some dark images. But I must note that Robert De Niro was fantastic. I never saw him better. This film is one of the best and most powerful ever  made.  Grade:A-
B00000JPH6|5.0|Esta pelicula contiene elementos que llenan la espectativa tanto reconociendo el Bien, el Mal y el Amor que logra unir las diferencias creando un solo todo que dirige y guia la existencia.
B000001EYW|5.0|The Bee Gees are back better than ever! This CD simply cannot be described in words. It is the best &quot;come-back album&quot; I have ever heard. Harmonies like only the Gibb's could do and lyrics that blow your mind  away. This is truly the best recording by far that any artist could do. If  you didn't like the Bee Gees before, you'll be a die hard fan after hearing  this CD. I recommend you buy it immediately if you haven't already.    :-)
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is a very stunning movie, that is worth seeing simply for the sake of it. It is one of a kind, a thought provoking original that will impress all with its intricate, well developed plot. I dont believe anybody can say  this movie deserves less than 4 stars, those who do seem to be incabable of  rational and logical thought, which renders them unable to understand and  enjoy the movie. Ignore bad reviews, do yourself a favour and see &quot;THE  MATRIX&quot;, you will not regret it... It is an awsome movie amid a  current generation of ordinary ones.
B000002KO3|3.0|The only problem with this cd is that I've heard Phish's hyperenergetic version of it and now all of the songs on the first side seem like they're playing on a record player set on 16.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is a very stunning movie, that is worth seeing simply for the sake of it. It is one of a kind, a thought provoking original that will impress all with its intricate, well developed plot. I dont believe anybody can say  this movie deserves less than 4 stars, those who do seem to be incabable of  rational and logical thought, which renders them unable to understand and  enjoy the movie. Ignore bad reviews, do yourself a favour and see &quot;THE  MATRIX&quot;, you will not regret it... It is an awsome movie amid a  current generation of ordinary ones.
B00000JGHM|4.0|This movie has some intense, powerful,extraordinary scenes (the bank holdup, the street getaway scene or the Pacino-De Niro first and only scene together in the movie). But the best thing about \\"Heat\\" is the acting and these two guys in particular, De Niro and  Pacino; imagine for an instant these two characters played by, let's say, Bruce Willis and Schwarzie: would you still love it so much?  I really hope these  two great actors will have the chance to make another movie together in the future!
0060977493|2.0|Roy labours hard to describe events/things...flaunts her mastery of the language profusely...but excuse me where is the damn plot? This is story-telling at its worst and ornate writing at its best...for me R K  Narayan is still the best Indian English writer...
0440133688|5.0|Very interesting book on the live of medical interns, I cannot put this book down once I started to read it. I highly recommend this book to anybody who has a interest in being a doctor. Don't use this book as a  reference about the live of interns but as a humorous reading about this  honorable profession.
B000006XSD|2.0|What was Alice thinking  when he hoisted this to the public? This is a horribly mixed collection of pointless, insufferably pretentious, instantly forgettable material. Easily the most useless album of Alice's career,  although the hit ballad 'You And Me' is very nice and the pub-rock shuffle  'Damned If You Do' is passable. But the rest... well, 'It's Hot Tonight'  has definite potential as a hard rock number, the potential blown by the  godawful murky mix and  bewildering production-- the same problem that  plagues everything else on &quot;Lace And Whiskey&quot;. Skip this one  unless you just have to own the  complete Cooper catalog.
0553062182|5.0|This book has helped me understand myself and taught me how to live better, in harmony with myself rather than always trying to be what others think I should be.  Anyone who thinks this book is less that excellent is  NOT an HSP.  In fact, I have yet to find a non-HSP who found anything  positive to say about this book.  I only know one other HSP personally, and  both of us agree that this book is right-on and extremely helpful.
B000000QFV|5.0|In a recording career spanning 30 years, metal pioneers Black Sabbath have given us many great albums and a couple lousy ones. While they were at their commercial peak during the '70's, they hit their artistic peak in the  90's with this masterpiece. \\"TYR\\" remains Sabbath's only concept  album, although any of the songs can be listened to alone and they still  pack the same incredible power. This lineup of the awesome vocalist Tony  Martin, the  late and undeniably great Cozy Powell on drums, ace bassist  Neil Murray, longtime Sabbath keyboardist Geoff Nichols and guitar god Tony  Iommi is in my opinion the finest of the band's history. From the opening  crunch to the end, \\"TYR\\" is a complete experience (for lack of a  better word) that won't be forgotten. Among the tracks is the somewhat  overlooked classic 'Feels Good To Me'-- easily the most affecting song of  the band's entire career. Buy this cd so you'll know what I'm talking  about. WELL worth the money, as you will likely be playing \\"Tyr\\"  for a very long time and  still discover something new within the grooves  with every listen. \\"TYR\\" is not typical of Black Sabbath or of  any other metal, making it a  true classic.
B00002EPMF|5.0|This is an excellent CD, full of complicated arrangements and outstanding guitar work (nothing less could be expected from Chuck Schuldiner), and the new singer sounds very good. A very welcome change of pace from the  mainstream metal bands who chose to disappoint us again this year... Long  live true metal!
0517122707|5.0|I have never been affected by a book such as the influence this book has introduced into my life.  I loved Ignatius, and I am so depressed.  I have just finished this book, and now I am without Ignatius, Miss Trixie, Myrna,  et al.  How will I go on?  Oh, Fortuna, the wheel you have spun sends me  spiraling down into the depths of apoplexy and discombobulation!  I am  incomplete without the wisdom imparted by Ignatius, and I morne the loss of  John Kennedy Toole.  I will make it my life's mission to spread the word of  this work.  I am so wrecked right now, in distress.  And to think, it was  written with a cliff-hanger ending.  Oh, Fortuna, you wench!
B00000K19E|5.0|This is a no-brainer decision!  This was a great sci-fi movie which provided action and thought.  The DVD is the only way to watch it other than the theater.
0064430227|5.0|This was probably my all-time favourite book as a child.  I think I ended up being so inspired by it that I added to Harold's drawings myself.  :)  This is definitely a book that should be given to all children.  It is a pure delight!
B000006YMN|3.0|those familiar with reclusive agnetha faltskog would be surprised to find out that she actually flew out of her native sweden to record this album...was it worth the hassle? the good news is after her very tepid \\"eyes  of a woman\\" 2 years earlier, this is comparatively a better album.on its own however,this still isn't agnetha's best efforts.(i'm not even expecting  vocal performances of abba-esque proportions).<br /><br />the album starts off  promisingly with \\"the last time\\" & sustains its momentum till \\"i wasn't the one\\" (the latter featuring a duet withy peter cetera) ,but she seems to have lost the will to sing on \\"love in a world gone mad\\" (an earlier version by the group bucks fizz actually sounded better). the other tracks that follow are vocally neither here nor there.agnetha picks up  however on the last two tracks:\\"are you gonna throw it all away\\" & \\"if you  need somebody tonight\\" (both written by superstar writer diane warren).
6305263248|4.0|Although Ronin may seem to have a bit of a slow pace to it, the film itself truly is a great modernized example of noirish filmmaking.  The shootouts were terrific and the casting was well thought out.  All in all,  Ronin is a strongly underrated movie that came out of hectic year of 1998.
B000006YMM|3.0|this is supposed to be the all important follow up to her wrap your arms around me...unfortunately, of all the 3 international albums she has released, ranked from 1 to 3 (Wrap your arms being number 1, i stand alone at 2...), i'd put this at the last. she uses her lower vocal registers for much of the album and even above average cuts like the angels cry, we should be together,we move as one fail to move this normally rabid agnetha die hard.only the ska flavored \\"just one heart\\" and \\"the angels cry\\" (agnetha at her melancholic peak) is worth the spin.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I bought S&amp;M the day it came out,and it hasn't left my CD player since ( it replaced &quot;Garage inc.&quot;) Metallica is the best band in the world, and they keep proving it with every albom they release. I love  James' Hetfield's powerful voice backed up with the immotion filled music  of the orchestra. I have all of Metallica CDs, and I don't think that this  one is worse then the others. Yes it is different, but it still carries  that anger of  &quot;Kill them all&quot; and the feeling of the &quot;Black  albom&quot;. I love and adore Metallica, and I have nothing but praise for  this album. I think it was an awsome idea to have an orchestra, because  through it the mosic has more feeling and emotion, and Metallica will never  lose their hardness, so don't worry about that.
0784010919|5.0|They should have made the next one
B000003N7G|4.0|I'll be the first to admit I really don't know much about jazz or John Coltrane.  But in search of something different I picked up this cd.  It is certainly a departure from my 4/4 rock world, but I love it.  It is  adventurous and compelling.  If you are like me and are wondering what all  the fuss is about,  go ahead and give this cd a spin,  you'll be glad you  did.  There is a whole new world inside.
0553274503|4.0|The story is overwhelming with real life similarities and experiences. The book is about a 32 year old retarded man, that has an operation and becomes a genius. One would think that he would be satisfied with this accomplishment, but he then  learns the hardships of intelligence such as  love, trust, and ones struggle with themself. The authors writing abilities  reflect on this book since it enhances its real life meanings.I recommend  this book to whomever is interested in emotion, love, and  self-actualization.
B00001IVOR|4.0|This album have two cd`s, and disc one is enhanced. You can see WU-TANG videos on this cd, and read about the WU-TANG members. This is a real pluss, but some of the tracks are very unlike WU-TANG. Tracks like Maria,  Black Shampoo, Second Coming, The Closing and Sunshower make this double cd  good but not perfect. The good things are that some of the songs like:  Reunited, It`s Yourz, Triumph, Deadly Melody, The Projects and Heaterz are  some of the best WU-TANG songs EVER. This cd is worth every dollar. And if  you are a WU-TANG fan you got to reprecent, so buy it.
B000023VR6|5.0|How do u know that an album deserves 5 stars? When U think it's a MUST_HAVE. What is a MUST_HAVE album? It's an album that u would buy again the day after you loose or u break it or something like that. This album is  a MUST_HAVE.<br />The album is not perfect. Some songs like &quot;Murder  Inc.&quot;,&quot;Housewife&quot; or &quot;Ackrite&quot; are kinda...bad.  But most of the songs are not just Okay but Amazing.Like somebody said, u  start to know how today's other hip-hop releases are boring once u listen  to this one. Of course, The original Chronic seems to be perfect when u  compare it to this one, but don't forget that the 92' album had only 13  songs,and this one 17.Just compare the 13 best songs of 2001 to the 13 best  songs of The Chronic.<br />And the other difference is that Dr.Dre changed his  style. A true musician must be Original i think. It's too easy to do always  the same thing, knowing that it will sell. But, We've got a new Dre just as  good as the other.<br />For those criticising the amount of guest, it was like  that in the First Chronic.  Stop listening hip-hop with ur brain, listen it  with ur heart. Was the song bangin?  Yes so why trying to find something to  say(Like there were too many guest or he didn't wrote the lyrics...).<br />I  undestand that the success of the album may disturb those in love with  S.Knight( Sometimes i ask myself a question, are they gay? ).But don't  forget:  This is the Millenium of The Aftermath. I'm a true Death row Music  fan, not a Suge Knight fan.<br />So, just to let you know: This album is A  Must_Have.
6301773551|5.0|I love  star wars,I love star wars!  I saw it when I was 9 and I still love it!  (I'm 14) I still whant to whatch it over and over again. I'm not tottally living in it, but I like the movie alot, good story, lots of  excitement, and just entertaining!  I really like this movie and I would  whatch it over and over, but my brother has seen it enogh and can say the  lines almost as well as I do, so go out and buy it, and don't miss out!
B00000IOSU|5.0|This album is a great mix of smooth, soul seeking music like &quot;Angel&quot;quick witted loveable music like&quot;Ice Cream&quot; This album has something for everyone! When you listen to, if you close you eyes  it feels like you a standing right next to her! I love this album, and you  will too!
6301016289|5.0|This is a great character study.  This is a great movie.  After reading the &quot;bad&quot; reviews, I can only agree with one; Daryl Hannah's acting is pretty poor.  Olive Stone has always been criticized for his  inability to handle a woman on the screen, and thi is further testament to  that.  But to say Michael Douglas was terrible?  Come on, they dont give  out Oscars for bad performances.  And so what if this character seemed to  be the basis for every character he would play.  This was the first.  And  most great actors play a lot of similar roles.  Dustin Hoffman - was there  really a difference in rainman and the graduate?  And Oliver Stone as the  Ed Wood of the 90's?  Come on.  Carol Reed of the 90's maybe.  Good thing  that guy saw Tim Burrton's movie.<br />But dont take my word for it either.   Watch it yourself, igt certainly deserves a gander.
B00000F1D3|5.0|I love the Believe album. Who cares if it has sort of a disco beat to it? Disco and 70s style are definately coming back into fashion. I think that my favorite song besides the title track is &quot; The Power.&quot; It's  such a lovely mellow song.   Cher is the best! I love everything that she  does! I can't believe that people don't like this CD!   I can't wait until  the next Cher album comes out! <br />GO CHER!
0553108034|5.0|I disagree with those saying the book is in a &quot;holding pattern.&quot;  Perhaps that's the &quot;in&quot; thing to say about fantasy series after Jordan's latest.  But while I definitely felt that way about Jordan's, A  Clash of Kings was an enthralling book.  Events do happen which are  extremely significant (people do die) and there is that ever-present sense  of mortality.  Martin does an excellent job of bringing a sense of reality  to the genre.  You get a great sense for the lethality of warfare compared  to the typical heroes slaughtering faceless hordes.<br />The series so far  does lack a sense of fantastic grandeur or the sense of massive history  that Tolkien and others bring to bear, but on the other hand it presents a  grippingly ruthless and exciting adventure, as well as intricate and  involving political intrigue with believable characters.
1568491581|3.0|This is the book that started it all: when I suffered from my worst ever crisis some seven years ago, it was one of the first books I read. TRLT is not exactly one of the best self-help books out there--Peck's weakest point  is that although he gives good advice, he doesn't necessarily have command  of what he's writing about--but it's definitely a good starting book for  any self-help program.  Some other great books, by the way, while you're at  it --To Thine Own Self Be True, by Lewis M. Andrews and Even a Stone Can Be  a Teacher, by Sheldon Kopp.
6303122647|5.0|This is one of the greatest Christmas movies ever-it even beats Rudolph! The best part for me though is the music-especially the song that Jack sings on the hill while Sallys spying on him and the song that Sally sings  which is probaly one of the greatest songs of all time.
0783211856|3.0|I too used to think Spielberg's being snubbed at the Oscars was a question of politics, but then I saw &quot;Schindler's List&quot; and have since changed my tune.  SL is not a bad film, but it is marred by that signature  Spielbergian touch that worked so well in his earlier films, but is  downright sickening here--that  &quot;Oh-look-what-a-clever-director-I-am!&quot; precocious feel.  In a  strange way, Schindler's List is a &quot;cute&quot; film of the Holocaust,  because it is slathered with the cuteness (the &quot;Awww&quot; factor)of  the precociousness Spielberg once had but has failed to outgrow.  Case in  point--the scene when Schindler watches a little girl stumble through the  streets of a Nazi ghetto being purged by the Nazis. A better, more mature  director would have just let that scene play out on it's own--it's haunting  enough as it is-- but, NO, Spielberg just HAD to have her coat hand-colored  (in a Hallmarkian pink, no less!) to have us go, &quot;Awwwwww!&quot;  On  one hand, it's a cheap trick that dampens the powerful evocativeness it  would have had if left alone (worse yet, it's not even original--the fact  that he uses a well-known sentimental device used ad nauseum on gift boxes,  cards and other gift shop items points to the obviousness of why he used  it);but on the other hand, it has that, &quot;Oh, look how clever I was to  have used that device!&quot; feel to it.  Much of SL--despite the graphic  violence and dark subject matter--is like that, just one big Hallmark Card;  i.e., emotionally manipulative without letting the horror of the Holocaust  play out for itself.  In other words, we could have really felt the  intensity of how bad things really were, if Spielberg had just stopped  telling us how to feel about it; but that's classic Spielberg, and until he  realizes that the precociousness that won him such fame in his earlier days  has to be outgrown, he'll never get the recognition he thinks he deserves.   But don't take my wordfor it; see the movie for yourself.
6305076626|2.0|This is an extremely weird movie. Thats what makes it so hard to rate. Its not really scary, or funny either. I guess its just fun to watch and I do like the musical numbers especially The Time Warp, I'm Going Home and Sweet  Transvestite.
B000002GC2|5.0|This has been one of my all-time favorites ever since I first heard a friend's tape of the album back in 1981. Since then I've had the LP, cassette and now the CD. Just timeless music that transcends pop, r&amp;b  &amp; jazz. Patti Austin and Quincy are one of the best singer/producer  teams ever. Now if they'd just get back together (with some new Rod  Temperton songs, of course) and make some more magic...!
0783235666|3.0|1.  Make the movie make SOME sort of sense!  As well make the ENDING make sense!  However, if you cannot do either, then make a sequel.<br />2.  Make sure the Antagonist ISN'T some cute, adorable forest creature... Ok, so it  worked for Strays...<br />3.  Please, MAKE SURE THE ACTORS CAN ACT!<br />4.   Please realise that not EVERY horror movie has to star dumb blondes.<br />5.   Don't defy logic.<br />6.  Do away with the skeptics who refuse to believe  what's happening despite the glaring proof.<br />Lets see how the Birds  stacked up... It doesn't follow rule one (Though I have heard there is a  sequel) because it never explains anything.<br />As for Rule two... I made an  exception for Strays, I can for this.<br />Does it follow rule three?  If you  think not having a clue what you're suposed to pretend you're doing  constitutes &quot;Good acting&quot;... Lets not forget how either they  overdo, or have a complete lack of any emotion...<br />As for #4, Hitchcock  apparently didn't realise since the main character just HAPPENS to be a  ditzy blond.<br />It definately breaks rule 5.  We have birds breaking through  wooden doors, coming down chimneys IN FLOCKS, nearly killing  people...<br />And it breaks rule six.  &quot;Sure, These attacks are only  being reported constantly on the radio, but I still refuse to believe  them!&quot;<br />See it once, you'll like it, though you'll find it laughable.
0312853238|5.0|I thought that Enders Game was a good book because it was very entertaining and well written.  It had a little blood and guts at some times but I liked that.
006092988X|5.0|I ended up reading this book for a book report at school.  I chose it beacuse of a quotable quote from Reader's Digest.  Because of its length, I almost gave up.  However, I stuck with it and was taken into Francie's  world and could imagine myself in her position.  It gave me a new outlook  on the beauty of everyday life.  Because Francie had little experience  outside of Brooklyn, she did not realize her poverty and being poor did not  bother her.  I was profoundly moved by every section and feel that A Tree  Grows in Brooklyn is a very life-changing book.
0790731231|5.0|This Film Opens To an eye shot of henry hill,looking out the window, at the cabstand, where all the wiseguys,and paulie, hang out, pauling being the main boss of the neiborhood,  i'm not going to reveal anymore, but the  film is an absolute gem, a diamond, the scenes, the dialogue,joe pesci, and  robert de niro, in my opinion, make the film shine, liotta, was a good  candicate to play henry hill, samuel l. jackson, has an appearence. the  violence isn't as bad, as people might wan't you to believe, it's  justified. never to graphic. a great soundtrack. this is one of those  films, before the late '90's with good dialogue, an excellent story,  speacial effects, aren't involved, because this is a story about a  neiborhood of wiseguys, the life and times of henry hill, jimmy conway,and  tommy D. See this film, it's the ultimate crime not to.
0425129586|5.0|This book just keeps you awake at night trying to  discover the mistery.  It keeps you in total suspense, and at the end I'm sure you won't be dissapointed for having spent sleepless nights and  having skipped some  meals...  Simply Grade A
B00003000M|4.0|My feelings for this album are torn.  On one hand, I am a devoted fan of the roots reggae, which to me is the true Bob Marley.  So I can see how some people think this album is distorting Bob's legend.   <BR>However, I  see this album as the artists showing their respect to Bob, which is cool  with me (I'd want to do the same thing).  My hope is that this album  introduces people to the power of Bob's vibe, and that it sparks their  interest so that they go back and listen to his original works, which to me  are more powerful than this album.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Real vs. imagination pulls me in every time and this film does an excellent job of presenting it.  The special effects are fabulous and the music is excellent. I recommend it to everyone.  It was the first DVD that  I bought for my new player. This one makes you think and has application to  all facets of life.
6302968100|4.0|I wasn't sure whether or not I was going to like this film.  When I saw this, it was right after all of the megahyped Tarantino wannabe films were starting to come out, and I was so sick of that entire genre.  Yet what I liked about this one was how they managed to stick a love story right smack  dab in the middle of all of the gunplay and violent bloodlust.  Granted, it  was one of the weirdest love stories I've ever seen, but it was a whole lot  better than those awful Meg Ryan films that my friends try to make me sit  through. Special kudos go out to my fave, the very underrated actor Gary  Oldman (the pimp), performing yet another perfect accent and another  perfect character.  Overall, this film is worth seeing at least once.
