B004EBT5CU|3.0|My first thought when I heard her songs was \\"Amy Winehouse\\" reincarnated with some Lady Gaga-ish music effects thrown in for good measure. She has the same singing style as Ms Winehouse that produces a sound from deep within. Not dissing Adele or Amy W or Lady G - it all makes for great listening but doesnt seem to be unique or original. Songs on the album 19 sounded far more original and fresh. On '21' she sounds more American than Brit. Again - nothing wrong with that, but just my observation. I for one, am not going gaga (pun intended).
0812550706|2.0|I enjoyed the first 3/4 of Ender's Game.    Ender is an admirable young child who is very intelligent but confused about the nature of his actions and of his future. It is very interesting getting insights into his psychology and of the games and social situations that he experiences, which are all set up as an attempt to prepare him to be a battle leader.    There is a quite an element of mystery throughout Ender's Game. Card sets up questions of which the reader is excited to have answered.  Ender himself is an admirable young boy who the reader gets to see grow and mature; we see him stress and toil mentally in a moral conundrum regarding war and his role in the world.    Then comes the ending.  Boy, was I disappointed.  Remember those questions that I was excited to have answered?  Well, they were - but not very well.  It's like unwrapping a really big, pretty looking present and finding something small and ugly at the bottom.  I like stories that are tightly knit, with satisfying answers to big questions.  This story had big questions, but the author obviously did not know how to answer them and did not knit up the story in a way that is satisfying.  The ending seemed rushed and not thought out.    It's bad enough that the ending was un-clever and uninteresting - what's worse is that the author tries to get philosophical.  He tries to teach the reader some lesson about the morality of war, throws in some spiritual blah-blah, and implies a deterministic premise.  He sets up a situation where a person is forced into the army, and then he takes that as an intrinsic absolute - as if all life were that way, and as if one has no choice about his destiny, his character, or his life.    Speak for yourself, Card.    [...]
B004EPYZOO|5.0|John Milton (Nicolas Cage) has broken out of Hell to save his infant granddaughter from a satanic cult lead by Jonah King (Billy Burke). With the help of Piper (Amber Heard), a young waitress, John pursues King while being pursued himself by The Accountant (William Fichtner), whose mission is to bring John back to Hell. Shot in 3D by director Patrick Lussier, Drive Angry is an over-the-top exploitation film that never takes itself too seriously and fits the grindhouse model exactly as intended. Lussier has never been celebrated for directing quality films (his filmography includes Dracula 2000 and White Noise 2: The Light), but he proves to be capable of directing an unpretentious, balls-out action movie which still works no matter how over-the-top it gets and retains remarkable coherency, never descending into pure stupidity. The film knows what it's doing and it does it well.    Drive Angry is gleefully offensive, loaded with gratuitous violence and nudity, and even managed to impress me with its use of the 3D format. Lussier exploits 3D as the gimmick it is (blood, coins, etc. pop out of the screen whenever there's an opportunity) rather than trying to use it \\"artistically\\" to the extent that it might as well be seen in 2D. It's equally enjoyable in both formats, but there are shots in the 2D version that were obviously specific to the 3D format. As for the action sequences, there are many high-energy chase scenes that are remarkably comprehensible for a Hollywood film, relying on stunt work and form rather than quick cuts and hyperactive edits. Another scene, involving a gunfight while Milton and a woman are in a rather \\"delicate\\" position has been done before (notably in Shoot `Em Up), but it takes it even further here. It's great fun, but it's the type of scene that may alert you as to whether this film is for you or not.     Lussier and his co-writer Todd Farmer have fashioned a script of well-written exploitation that never feels too forced and pushes everything to go further than you'd imagine. This is one of those rare movies that successfully uses its dialogue for the sole purpose of fitting in one-liners and furthering the plot. More impressive is the dialogue is actually legitimately funny and clever rather than desperately trying to be memorable or hip.     The cast is made-up of talented character actors lead by master thespian Nicolas Cage. Cage is one of the most misunderstood actors of his generation, frequently accused of sleepwalking through terrible movies for a paycheck. Drive Angry may not look like an exception, but it is. Cage is a master of over-the-top theatrics and this type of film is perfect for allowing his acting instincts to run wild. Oddly enough, for such an over-the-top movie, Cage is remarkably subdued. It's not often that Cage plays a character in a movie with the least amount of quirks; he often seems to be trying to top any other actor who approaches him in the realm of \\"quirkiness.\\" Still, John Milton is one of the few roles that Cage plays almost completely straight. He does a fine job as Milton and even those who are typically anti-Cage shouldn't be bothered much by his performance. I, however, wish he would've injected a little more style into his performance.     Piper is tough, independent, and curses like a sailor. As played by the gorgeous Amber Heard, she also happens to be...gorgeous. Believe me; the camera is fully aware of that. Heard isn't generally grouped into the \\"serious, young actress\\" category, but despite being a petite, model-looking woman she actually makes Piper believable and will no doubt appeal to both young women for her strong-willed attitude and young men for...Being Amber Heard. Impressively, Heard and Cage actually make a good team here and play well off of each other, while simultaneously establishing a convincing emotional bond. That type of chemistry is not required for this type of film, but it successfully adds another dimension to the work.    Billy Burke has spent the last few years playing the thankless role of Kristen Stewart's father in the Twilight series, where he usually outshines the entire cast with his subtle performance. As the suave, devilishly charming and equally evil, Jonah King, I didn't even recognize him as the same actor. Even in a role that requires the actor only to have fun, he demonstrates remarkable range.    Despite this talent involved, it is character actor William Fichtner who steals every scene as The Accountant. It's such a delightfully quirky performance that will hopefully obtain the cult status it deserves. An actor used to hanging out in the background, Fichtner pushes this character to the forefront with his fascinating interpretation of the character. His performance as the Accountant is compulsively watchable and absolutely hilarious, with his comedic timing responsible for many of the funniest moments in the movie. I would love to see a spin-off with the Accountant and Milton working together; or just the Accountant chasing someone else. Without trying to overstate it, Fichtner is so good I believe every action movie should have its own accountant.    The film also features David Morse and Jack McGee (from The Fighter). It's obvious that everyone involved was having a lot of fun making this movie and that translates well onscreen, actually increasing the overall effectiveness of the film. Drive Angry is not a great film, but it is great grindhouse fodder and just a purely fun movie. There are those who heap praise on it and those who trash it mercilessly but after two viewings, I stand by my initial assessment that this is one of the best, most entertaining, and most clever films of its kind. A lovingly crafted piece of exploitation, a fun piece of filmmaking, and probably the most fun I've had in 2011.    GRADE: A-
B00005OWIU|5.0|This was purchased as a gift for my 6 year old grandson. He loves the CD!  He's learning to play a selection for his piano recital next month.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|No doubt about it Adele is a talented powerhouse.<br /><br />Her freshman album, 19, is one of my top played albums in my player.  When 21 came out, I was BLOWN THE HECK AWAY.  Seriously.  Adele's heart is in each and every song.  No matter the song, the moment she starts singing I am instantly covered in goosebumps.  I haven't purchased a physical CD since 19 and Amy Winehouse's Back to Black until this album.  It's something that had to be in my collection.<br /><br />Adele's songs are written from the heartache she experiences from a boy she was involved with and you can feel her heartache and her strong emotions in each song.<br /><br />I firmly believe Adele is like a fine wine, she will only continue to get better as she ages.  Way to go, Adele.  You are a powerhouse and a force to be reckoned with!
B004K4AVAG|1.0|I pre-ordered this album when it first became available. I did not know that I was pre-ordering an album that was incomplete. Three songs are missing. Black Jesus, Fashion of His Love, and The Queen were not on my album. There were 14 tracks instead of the 17. I feel ripped off.
B0051MKNV8|5.0|I just saw this film for the 2nd time in theaters.  I can't wait for it to come out on DVD and share it with friends who have missed it on the big screen.  Unlike the previous reviewer I do not have a history of drug use/abuse so I don't get the big negatives with regard to showing the fantasy life the main character is creating.  This is FICTION. It is a great FICTIONAL story and like MOST fiction it has some basis in truth.      The camera work is great, and yes the technique has been used before but it is still a great ride. I love the way the story unfolds. The one scene that made the whole audience in the theater nearly scream out \\"NO NOT THAT\\" is just pure crazy, unadulterated insanity, and sorta fun/gross !!!  You will know it when you see it.    I hope people who saw the film and buy the DVD will appreciate this story for the suspense, action, camera work, and unexpected moments.  Movies don't always have to be about a positive message......how about imagination and just delirious fun?  Two Thumbs UP!!!
B003UESJFG|3.0|I'm glad I didn't pay an exorbitant amount of money to see this in the theaters- the movie itself is merely average. It almost works as a superhero movie, but really doesn't hold up as a comedy.  I usually laugh out loud at least once or twice during Will Ferrell movies merely due to the completely random absurdity of what he says, but most of his voice-over work in this movie seemed forced and just was not funny.  The blu-ray package itself is about par for the course these days for animated movies- it contains a bonus short film and the requisite documentaries, etc, as well as a DVD to keep the kids occupied on long car rides.  Overall, maybe worth a purchase if you or your kids are big into superheroes and/or Will Ferrell, otherwise I can't really recommend it.
B000001EL3|5.0|Going beyond their arguably bare boned previous productions and fiery though limited musicianship, KISS got ambitious at the end of 1975. And no wonder as `Alive' was selling like hotcakes and bringing legions into the newly fashioned KISS Army with its multi-platinum success. KISS wanted to outdo this naturally and create a studio album that would surpass all other KISS efforts in scope and power. Classic Cooper collaborator Bob Ezrin was brought in to transform KISS into a serious LP band and not just an earth shattering live act.  The result was `Destroyer' released in the early spring of 1976 and though its early momentum was slow, it eventually became the record that the band and their fans wanted all along; a serious and superb hard rock album, a true classic and IMHO their greatest studio release.  `Detroit Rock City' opens the LP in epic form and forever shattered the previous KISS image as only a party band with its tragic story line, anthemic chorus and car crash sound effects, could be the best song they ever did!. Ezrin brought these and other examples of studio wizardry (including choirs and strings!) and while he may have rubbed some members the wrong way (especially guitarist Ace Frehley); he truly brought the very best from this fearsome foursome. Other classics include \\"God of Thunder\\" which was written by Paul but at Ezrin's suggestion sung by Gene and it forever became HIS song. Peter contributed \\"Beth\\" which became a huge hit and brought the band the AM radio following that pushes album sales.  Every song on here is a gem including \\"Do You Love Me\\", \\"King of the Night Time World\\" and \\"Sweet Pain\\" (featuring female backing vocals and lead guitar from Dick Wagner, another of Alice's gang).  I have loved this record for ever and don't ever let them tell you that there's too much old....cuz they're too old to really understand.
0385523912|5.0|Barbara Demick does an excellent job not only of delineating the paths by which six North Koreans arrived at the decision to defect to South Korea, but also of showing the path of the demise of a society.    Every thing in the book underscores how a society that is not willing to guard its own freedoms and rights can be cowed and bullied into isolation until its people fear leaving even more than they fear death by starvation.  It is unimaginable that a country that once had an infrastructure of electricity, factories, and greater material comfort than South Korea can fall out of time back into a completely non-technological time.  It is amazing that a dictator can so mislead his people that they will continue to work without pay, receiving only food vouchers which are worthless because there is no food in the state stores where the vouchers can be redeemed.  Not only that, but he manages to convince the people that the entire world is having difficulties worse than they are.    This amazing tale should give us pause:  when citizens of a country are influenced to feel great fear, they are more easily led into the idea that everyone must act alike, think alike, and police each other so that nobody thinks an original (and possibly dangerous) thought.
0307593495|5.0|Kurt Wallander is working on case involving his daughter's in-laws. At the same time he is dealing with several personal challenges involving his daughter, his ex-wife and his own aging.      The primary focus is the case involving his daughter's in-laws which, in turn, resurrects issues from the Cold War. For readers over 55 this book strikes many familiar cords, some good, some nostalgic and others depressing.    Like Mankell's other works, the story moves slowly at first as he sets the scene for his readers. The pace picks up as the story progresses.  While neither a fast or light read, it is captivating.  The conclusion is definitely unexpected, but it reminds the reader of the realities of life.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I was actually going to buy a Blue-Ray player and an HD TV to go with the purchase of the new original Star Wars Blue-Ray discs...but I'm so glad I didn't buy this blue-ray set!  What a sham and a shame he didn't include the actual originals.<br /><br />I can't take anymore CGI!  My cartoon watching days are over...I can't stand watching computerized images and anything fake anymore!<br /><br />I managed to save a lot of money from reading these reviews!<br /><br />Thanks Everyone!<br /><br />I think I'll wait until he remasters the originals on Blue-Ray and leaves them as they were!  It's too bad he doesn't listen to his fans anymore.
1439107955|5.0|Being a physician, I thought I knew what cancer is; but this book introduced me to Cancer as an individual. Something like a biography. It was a great experience to relive those times when cancer, its diagnosis and treatment were in the process of being formalized. Hats off to all the scientists, physicians who contibuted to treatment modalities that we use today. Special thanks to the author for making an effort to include almost everyone who did something to fight the deadly disease. We have been reading chemotherapy regimens for years but it was a different experience to read how these regimens were devised. I recommend this book for everyone, and especially to all medical students, residents and everybody who sees cancer everyday
B00127RAJY|5.0|First of all i apologize in advance for any misspellings, english is not my first language ;-)  I recently decidet its time to get rid of the 12 year old pregnancy fat and i stardet researching exercising DVD's, since i am not willing to show myself off in a gym. Altho this DVD has a few negative reviews it seemed appealing to me for some reason; so i got it. I've been doing it for about 1 1/2 weeks now and i LOVE it. I like the fact that it is \\"cut\\" into 3 levels and each level itself has a \\"beginners\\" and a \\"advanced\\" trainer working with Jillan and you can tell that these girls are actually really are working out with you and not just acting like it. Jillian herself is fun, sassy and explains every step very well. I'm currently at level 2 and it's challenging but still fun to do and i've never had sweat pouring down my body like this ever before in my life. Today i also stardet Jilians 6 Week - six pack DVD and i plan on alternating between those 2 DVD's; hoping that i will start seeing results.   The only negative thing i have to say about the DVD ( NOT the work out or the girls ) is that the recommandations and warnings and all that stuff can't be fast forwarded and you have to wait it out until you actually get to the work out.     Other than that: i recommend this DVD to anyone that wants to hear about it! ;-)
B0034G4ORC|5.0|Certainly one of my favorite alien movies for the following reasons:  1) Intense war action  2) Aliens look good, with their superior weapons and UFOs (unlike \\"District B\\" movie where they look like they came from Star Wars)  3) Good and convincing ending, unlike Independence Day (Humans win by planting a computer virus in the mother ship!) and War of the Worlds (humans win when birds infect the aliens!).    This movie is like \\"Black Hawk Dawn\\", only the Alien version.    I highly recommend it.
B002SR2PKG|5.0|The master of horror has done it again no pun intended with It. This chilling story takes off like a bat out of hell its so chilling and creepy being a fan of his i have watched this movie over and over again and am glad they are making this movie for theatres
B003INBNXO|5.0|An excellant Martial Arts movie! One of the best I have ever seen!  I would highly recomend the movie to someone else, and already have!
B004HO6HWA|4.0|There is something akin to a guilty pleasure to watch bad guys get knocked off - DEXTER supplies that on television and now Jason Statham plays it on the screen.  Yes, hit men or assassins or mechanics have been the subject matter of many films, but there is something about the manner in which the ultra virile yet heart of gold Arthur is brought to life by Statham that makes us root for his every move.<br /><br />John Lewis Carlino wrote the story and the screenplay for both this (with Richard Wenk) and the original 1972 version of THE MECHANIC and the 40 intervening years have not change the end results much.  It still is a film with spiky dialogue and a good mixture of watching bad guys gradually get their deserts.  Now it is Arthur (Jason Statham) who is the flawless, perfectionist, leave-no-mess-behind hit man that everyone in the assassination business wants to hire.  His methods - the opening sequence as Arthur kills drug cartel leader Jorge Lara (James Logan) is as imaginative as actions such as these come - are impeccable.  He is called upon to off an old colleague Harry McKenna (Donald Sutherland) which is a feat in and of itself, but soon after he meets up with McKenna's wild son Steve (Ben Foster) and gradually teaches the lost Steve the role of a mechanic.  From then on it is fireworks with Arthur and Steve fulfilling jobs assigned to them by the smarmy Dean (Tony Goldman), with Steve finally taking on a job by himself - killing the bulky 6'7\\" Burke (Jeff Chase) during an assignation attempt. But things change when Steve realizes the relationship between his father's death and his new 'partner' and this leads to a finely choreographed surprise ending.  Simon West knows how to stage action scenes and how to manipulate CGI realistically, and he allows his characters to be sidetracked by worthy wenches just to keep it real. Mark Isham delivers his usual powerpunch musical score (with frequent help from Schubert's Piano Trio No. 2 in E flat major - Arthur's tranquilizer.  For those who like action films with strong lead characters this is a movie that will entertain well.  Grady Harp, May 11izer.  For those who like action films with strong lead characters this is a movie that will entertain well.  Grady Harp, May 11
B001AQO3WY|5.0|I already own this series and recently bought another copy for my friend in Iraq. Such a great movie, absolutly hillarious and true! My friend and I can't stop quoting it to each other!
0316069353|4.0|Connelly has a way of telling a story that makes you feel like you're on the inside. His characters are believable and the plot keeps moving forward. My only complaint is just once I'd like Haller to have an innocent client. The \\"twist\\" at the end of this one was telegraphed long before we got there and it took away from an otherwise well told story. All in all though, this one's a winner.
B0026ZNL80|5.0|Riverside keeps getting better and better. Excellent song writing combined with extremely talented musicians and a very gifted vocalist. Mariuz's vocals are incredible.<br />They have now placed themselves on top in my list of favorite contemporary bands, shared place with Porcupine Tree.<br />I sure wish they would tour the US. A friend just saw them in England and said the performance was outstanding.
0307477479|1.0|Awful and unbelievably pretentious. Supposedly a great novel - it's incomprehensibe to me why a number of newspaper literary critics thought so and it's mind-boggling it has won two major literary awards (a fact that only makes the novel more depressing in reality compared with the reviews, since you have been led to expect something wondrous).<br /><br />Egan's attempts to be wry, clever and 'with it' - in this instance, the focus is on the American music industry, and the trials, shenanigans and viewpoints of some individuals within it and its periphery - leave you feeling nothing at all for her characters (because they're all narcissistic, ego-inflated bores).<br /><br />Her failed efforts at being clever amount to nothing more than sophistry, and two particular scenes/chapters highlighted by many reviewers to date as good are uninspired and tiresome. These involve a chapter in the form of a PowerPoint presentation, detailing in schematic/diagrammatic form a family matrix and its individuals' views and connections; and an article written in the style of David Foster Wallace, including - of course - footnotes and digressions galore (arguably an homage, more in truth a dull-witted effort, with none of the brilliance or ingenuity or riffing, clever tangents that Wallace so effortlessly produced in his fiction and journalism).<br /><br />You keep on hoping it will get better, but sadly, miserably, it doesn't. Plodding stuff that will bore you to tears and, unless your proclivities include watching paint dry or wallpaper peel, I'd stay clear of this abysmal, contrived effort.
B004NCLKJG|4.0|This Met production - one of Karajan's Salzburg stagings - represents a kind of amalgam between the best of the casts on the two rival Solti and Karajan studio recordings. The pity is that neither of those two conductors was at the helm for this performance, as Klobucar is decidedly workaday, if unobjectionable; he never achieves the kind of tension that Solti generates or the intensity of Karajan. Key moments such as the culmination of the first act are slightly toned down, for all that Vickers and Rysanek deliver febrile vocal excitement. Her famous scream as Siegmund yanks the sword out of the ash-tree is still spine-chilling.<br /><br />For me, apart from the obvious supremacy of Nilsson's incandescent Br&uuml;nnhilde, the chief pleasure is Thomas Stewart's fabulously vocalised, deeply felt Wotan; his supple, plangent bass-baritone, slightly lighter and younger-sounding than is usually the case, is the  perfect instrument to convey the pathos and anguish of his conflicted love for his daughter. The live mono sound is no match for that we get on the Decca set, so tightly and energetically conducted by Leinsdorf and comparisons with other live mono sets from 1953 with F&uuml;rtwangler or Krauss conducting reveal how lacking in momentum and grandeur Klobucar's pedestrian direction really is. With such celebrated stars as Ludwig and Ridderbusch in the other important roles, this was one heck of a roster; as much as I enjoyed the Met simulcast of this same opera a couple of weeks ago with excellent modern principals, I think we can safely say that we shall never again see the like of this Saturday afternoon in February 1968.<br /><br />I have knocked off one star for the mono sound and the mundane conducting; otherwise this is a dream.
0553386794|5.0|This is not a fantasy novel for kids. Don't be deterred from reading if you disliked Lord of the Rings...this is a much different book with very complex characters.
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|I play songs from this album daily and listen to the full album when I'm getting ready to go out on the weekends. They are playing at Lollapalooza this summer and I definitely intend on seeing them live!
B004Q1FDHO|4.0|this is a very addictive game if you like fishing I don't recommend you to get this game but if you like games that destroy and explode thing then this game is for you
0515149489|5.0|I've never read Nora Roberts before. I've always been a big fairy, vampire, warefolf fan but have read one to many books and grabbed this one instead. Regardless of the dog training information I found it facinating and romantic. I loved this book so much I read it in a week and went and picked up the book Black Hills... about a girl who runs a wildlife refugee. Similar to this talks about animal rescues a lot but again if your reading for it to be interesting and not just a romance novel... GREAT book!
B004Q7DQLS|5.0|I loved this book! As a premier, I believe that Ms. Harrison has succeeded brilliantly. The characters are wonderfully written. The world is well developed and surprisingly fresh. I was impressed with the depth of characters. For me, the extensive vocabulary was a plus; I love that the author didn't treat me like an idiot. This is one of my new favorites and I cannot wait until Tricks' and Tiago's story comes out this fall!
0345529057|1.0|I purchased a Kindle for the convenience, and so that I could pay less for books and help save the environment by having less books printed.  But now, almost without exception, I find that the books I want to read are more expensive in the Kindle edition.  Sorry guys, but I won't be buying a new Kindle, and I won't be buying either the printed OR outrageously priced Kindle versions of this series, either.  I refuse to support publishers that price gouge e-books.  I'll borrow them from my local library, saving money and trees that way.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|I just had the cd for a couple days and already it's the best cd I've bought this year and probably for a long time. I'm loving it, and will be playing it for a long time. Even though it's the censored one (which sucks), only a couple songs need to be censored and I don't notice anything with it, it's a great album, I'm glad I got it.    It kinda sucks that the second CD has remixes of songs on the first CD, and it basically adds a bunch of heavy bass beats to the songs, which I'm not into.  But I don't care, I'll probably just pitch that one in the trash or set it out on the bench at the local convenience store for someone else to take, maybe they'll like that one, but I still got an excellent cd at a good price, even if it was just one CD.  The other one is just a bonus, but I love the main CD.
B004XWLN20|5.0|On October 16 2001, the WB Network aired the pilot episode for a new series that would portray a young boy in a small Kansas town who not only dealt with the pressures and insecurities of high school, but also struggle of honing and mastering emerging superpowers.  This boys name is Clark Kent in a town called Smallville.  Al Gough and Miles Miller, executive producers and show creators, set out to make a new television series that would re-tell the origins of Earth's Greatest Hero, but before his tights and flights.  By focusing on the story of Clark Kent, and not his future alter-ego, Superman, \\"Smallville\\" grounded the characters and the mythology in a very real world.  Clark Kent (Tom Welling) is portrayed as the average high school freshman, when the series starts out.  He has no knowledge of his alien-origins, nor does he have any idea of what his future holds.  He has insecurities and doubts and feels like an outsider.  He secretly admires the prettiest girl in school, Lana Lang (Kristin Kreuk), has a best friend in Pete Ross (Sam Jones III) and Chloe Sullivan (Allison Mack), but can only entrust his special abilities to his adoptive parents, Jonathan and Martha Kent (John Schnieder & Annette O'Toole).  Through sheer chance (or destiny) and a 60 mph crash with a Porsche, Clark Kent meets and befriends his future nemesis, Lex Luthor (Michael Rosenbaum).    While the first season of the show is focused primarily on creating the basis of Clark Kent's life, the majority of his conflicts in the first season are with \\"Meteor Freaks\\", people who have been physically affected by the green meteor rocks that rained down on Smallville in the 1989 meteor shower.  Little did anyone know that these green rocks were actually Kryptonite, radioactive pieces of the dead planet Krypton.  The first season may start off a bit slow, but it is very clear that the show runners wanted to set Clark Kent and all the supporting characters in a more reality-based series by making it moreof a high school drama.  It is not until season 2, when Clark meets famous astrologist Virgil Swann (special Superman guest star Christopher Reeve) that Clark actually learns of his true origins: That he is Kal-El, the last son of Krypton.  That he was sent to Earth by his biological father, Jor-El, to save his life.  This, in my opinion, is where the show really takes off and really starts to dive into Kryptonian-based storylines and really starts to work off the years of mythology in the comic books.    As the series progresses, Clark is faced with several trials and choices.  Some are presented to him through the voice and memory of Jor-El and some are forced upon him by the enemies he fights.  Through it all, Clark has doubts and often fights the future he is destined to have.  This made the show all the more appealing to me, as it grounded the character in a certain reality.  So often, in the movies and comics, Superman/Clark Kent is portrayed as the blue boy scout who always does the right thing because he knows it's the right thing to do.  However, in \\"Smallville\\" we see that Clark learns how to make the right decisions through the guidance of his earth parents, but more importantly, through the mistakes that he makes.  Clark so badly wants to have a life of his own and to be happy that he tries to be more normal than anyone else.  When he fights his destiny, it often leads to the hurting and sometimes deaths of the people he cares about most.      It is in season 5 and on where the series hits its true stride.  With the formation of the Fortress of Solitude, \\"Smallville\\" brings in even more Superman and DC Comics lore.  From season 5 to season 10, we see Clark fight famous villains such as Zod, Brainiac, Bizarro, Metallo, Doomsday, Parasite, and countless others.  In season 4, Clark meets Bart Allen, a member of The Flash Family.  In season 5, he meets Arthur Curry/Aquaman and Victor Stone/Cyborg.  In season 6, we get a series regular in Oliver Queen/GreenArrow (Justin Hartely).  In season 6, we're given our first look at what will become the future Justice League of America.      Perhaps one of the most appealing parts of the show in the last 3 years was the contribution of fan favorite comic scribe, DC Comics legend Geoff Johns.  In season 8, he introduced Clark to the Legion of Superheroes from the 31'st century in \\"Legion\\".  In season 9, Clark and his super friends teamed up with the first superhero team to ever appear in comics, the Justice Society of America, namely the characters Hawkman, Doctor Fate, and Stargirl in \\"Absolute Justice\\".  \\"Absolute Justice\\" was also the first 2-hour movie event for the series.  Johns' last episode was in season 10, where Clark met the glory grabbing showboat from the 25th Century, Booster Gold and witnessed the birth of a new hero in the form of Blue Beetle in \\"Booster\\".      Action packed with spectacular special effects, compelling storylines, amazing guest stars from Superman-incarnations past, \\"Smallville\\" became the longest running U.S. produced Sci-Fi television series.  As a fan of the show for all 10 years, I can honestly say that it gets better as each season progresses.  It's one of the few shows based on superheroes/comic book characters that actually does justice to the comics that they're based on.  I have watched a lot of tv shows in my time, and I can honestly say that \\"Smallville\\" is at the top of my list.  While you may find yourself constantly wondering if you'll see him fly or don the iconic red and blue suit, you will be even more satisfied when you realize just how involved you are in the life of Clark Kent.  What this series did that no other tv series or movie did for Superman is that it captured the true persona of the character.  It's not Superman.  It's not Kal-El of Krypton.  It's not the bumbling Clark Kent we see at the Daily Planet.  It's the Clark Kent that was raised on a farm in a town called Smallville.      For anyone who is looking for a serious, modern take on the world's greatest superhero and to truly discover how a young man could become a Superman, \\"Smallville\\" is the answer you're looking for.  It's 10 years of compelling storylines that will leave you asking for more with characters so great and interesting that you'll find yourself in a comic shop looking for more.  Never have I seen a television series incorporate SO much of the DC Comics mythology and cast of characters.  Everyone from Clark Kent, Lex Luthor, the Kents, to the Flash, Aquaman, Hawkman, Booster Gold, Doctor Fate, Metallo, Zod, Bizarro, Brainiac, Doomsday, and even Darkseid and his minions from Apocalypse.  It's a show you won't want to miss out on and you'll never regret seeing.
1586487981|4.0|Development economics is a comparatively new field of study and it has changed considerably in its roughly fifty years of existence. \\"Poor Economics\\" represents a significant change, namely a move away from the sweeping generalizations of scholars such as Jeffrey Sachs and William Easterly, and a realization that we actually understand very little in development economics. The proof of our lack of understanding can be found in our lack of success in actually bringing about wealth in the developing world (either that or a hidden lack of intent).    In any case, Banerjee and Duflo start with the premise that, given the inaccuracy of past models, the best we can do is start on a micro level and see what works. They do this through randomized control trials (RCTs), in which groups are subjected to different treatments, such as subsidies for food, education campaigns, or reorganization of village committees. The groups are randomized, with some groups receiving the treatment (experiment group) and others not receiving anything (control group).    Using the results from numerous RCTs around the world, as well as hundreds of other experiments, surveys, case studies and more, \\"Poor Economics\\" is incredibly well researched. One thing the authors don't justify, however, is whether RCTs are good predictors of real life choices. For example, how similar are the treatments used in RCTs to the actual policies implemented in real life?    I won't summarize the contents of the book. But I can say that the conclusions within are indeed \\"radical\\" in the sense that they take very little for granted. They are based off of micro level data and offer very interesting insight into the incentives that shape the lives of the poor.    The policy recommendations at the end of the book are incontrovertible, but I don't know who realistic they may be in the face of macro-level constraints such as world trade policies that favor developed countries. I have my doubts as to how effective even thebest policies and the best governments can have on the development of countries under the economic hegemony of the US and Europe. I wished the authors had addressed this.
0374290024|4.0|This is a good book in the popular world history tradition. Other exemplars are [[ASIN:0393318885 The Wealth and Poverty of Nations: Why Some Are So Rich and Some So Poor]] and [[ASIN:0393317552 Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies]]. Characteristic of these books is that they all put forward a theory of historical development, which is something \\"true\\" historians do not like. The current book shares the same same weaknesses as these other books: Too many pages. Pushing their theories a bit too far. Some of the detailed facts incorrect according experts. Authors that are a little bit full of themselves.<br /><br />Still I find it interesting to read this kind of book so for the content it is worth four stars. The writing is a bit jerky so it isn't exactly a smooth read, but it is interesting so still four stars overall.
B004G8ZZHU|3.0|The story line is really not bad for an action film.  A group of four elite troops who specialize in the most difficult missions are double crossed.  But who and how deep does the double cross run?  As someone who grew up watching the A-Team on TV I was over all very satisfied with the story and I really enjoyed the actors portraying the four main characters, all did a great job.  The bad guys were fairy one-dimensional as expected. My problem with the movie centers on one glaring and really annoying character, that of Sosa played by Jessica Biel.  She was good in Blade Trinity and can do an action move so it wasn't necessarily her acting but the character she played.  Sosa was ridiculously slow witted and annoying.  She just \\"knows\\" the A-Team is guilty the entire movie until the last ten minutes when she suddenly wises up?  Still, the movie is worth watching; there is a lot of action (guys actually get hit by bullets and die in the movie-a big improvement from the TV show!).  I don't need to see it again but was glad to watch it once.  Too bad the writers dropped the ball with Biel's character.  Hope this helps!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|As of today, I've seen the original Star Wars about 100 times (about 25x in theaters, of course my dad paid for most). I have the original VCR set, the original \\"remake\\" VCR set and DVD's of the new series.    George, here is my plee. If your over 40, then give this \\"new\\" set to us for free! Our generation made you a billionair. Maybe it's time you gave back instead of take take take...    Best wishes,  Tachyons
B0051QIGP4|4.0|Much of this album is very reminiscent of Madonna; however as someone who grew up listening to Madonna, I think that is part of what makes Lady Gaga so good. Madonna was SO controversial for her time and Lady Gaga is more of an updated version. I enjoy the variety in her songs, her unique and constantly changing look, and general gutsy attitude. I think she puts herself out there like Madonna does, she holds nothing back and therefore comparisons will be drawn. In regards to this album, specifically, yes, it's very pop (that her genre!), not all the songs are 100% amazing. I am listening to her sing about her hair right now and I'm not super impressed with the somewhat trite concept of living as free as your hair - particularly when your hair is mostly extensions and not even yours...but whatever. Overall, it's an enjoyable album and she lived up to my expectations with this one.
B0051QIGP4|1.0|This album is a mess, I got it during the $1 promotion. I couldn't find one song that I like. I think I'm starting to feel sorry for my dollar...:)
0375704027|5.0|this is a story of lost love, of grief and of disconnectedness.  It is also a story of great joy and great hope.  And it is a story set in and about Japan.  If you have never been there you can live Japan in the image of a small jar of anemones on a window sill, in the steam of a tiny coffee shop and in the signs on a suburban railway station.  It is about mental illness too (\\"her eyes were flat like painted cardboard\\") and about death.  And somehow there is a great happiness in it too.  Love matters, and disconnected people come together and, for a while, make each other whole.  The translation, by Jay Rubin, is excellent.  Read this book.[[ASIN:0375704027 Norwegian Wood]]
B004XUD762|5.0|First and foremost I am a huge BLS fan so I am biased toward anything they do. This however is a serious collector's album and not for new fans. It is a tip of the hat to one of Zakk's huge influences \\"Led Zeppelin\\" from the man himself. The acoustic versions are great but nod as good as the electric versions. The original tracks are also available as bonus tracks on the \\"Order Of The Black\\" Deluxe edition. The Christmas song was the biggest surprise on here and will be played at my house a lot this Christmas!!! Over all I am glad I purchased this album and if you are a fan You should already have it. If you are new to the band start with \\"Kings of damnation\\" to get an overall feel of what Zakk can do!!
0345479092|5.0|This book is wonderful, being a first time mum I was nervous with the responsibility of a new baby. Tracey has a lot of empathy for new mums with a lot of emphasis on looking after yourself and giving yourself time out as well as looking after your new baby.<br />A lot of this book is straight forward common sense, but Tracey teaches you to take a step back and to relax when dealing with your newborn. (Not so easy when the baby is crying!). The part of understanding different crying was great as there are some not so obvious ones i.e. when they are bored or over stimulated. The section on reading body language was good as well because<br />its a hidden language which is easy to read after a while.<br /><br />Everyone says what a \\"good\\" baby I have but I put her calmness and happyness down to reading this book and learning the secrets<br />to communicate with my baby.<br /><br />Although this book says have a calm, confident baby I think this will apply to you as a Mum after you read it. Great for first time Mums. Best to read it before the arrival though!
B003PIUC02|5.0|First of all ,if you are a parent and have any kids remember this is really...really not for them.<br />Did I mention, there is a scene that will be burned into the back the your brain i.e. retina burn and may cause you to throw up if you are eating while watching it as I nearly did!<br />I'm talking full frontal male nudity, okay your thinking that's harsh but what can be so bad, okay full frontal male nudity showing a guy getting literally crucified on a cross with a penectomy!!!<br />Anyways, other than that if you are a guy and have any bit of testosterone you'll love this series since it has everything you could want i.e. violence, awesome fight scenes, sexy women, more sexy women naked and having sex, etc. If you aren't a guy and want to feel what it's like to to be a young male full of testosterone and at his sexual peak,this should give you an idea. I know just watching this whole series brought back some of the feeling when I was younger and just wanted to go out and beat up other guys, yell, act stupid and have sex with anything that moved LOL!<br />Males that are insecure about their sexuality may be turned off at all the male nudity and male love making since everyone has sex including the gay gladiators.<br />Yeah it's that good just watch it if already haven't. Picture, sound quality, and acting is all top notch.<br />Having said all that the diabolic schemes, the shady Syrian, the lanista, and Lucy Lawless are always coming up will keep you guessing up to the end and will provide a breather from all the mindless sex, violence, blood, gore, stunning beauty throughout the series. It's not all mindless and pretty deep if you keep watching, a dark poetry to it if you will. I mean it's kind of ironic that Spartacus that just wants to avoid violence, death and be reunited with his wife ends up being the best at dishing out death and this talent is taken advantage of by those around him.<br />Also, after watching such a masterpiece everything you watch afterwards is going to pale in comparison.<br />For example, I watched the 2nd season of Spartacus and while it is good it is nowhere the awesome the first season was.wards is going to pale in comparison.<br />For example, I watched the 2nd season of Spartacus and while it is good it is nowhere the awesome the first season was.
0316056863|5.0|I normally stay away from biographies; however, because this is a Tina Fey book, I couldn't stay away!  I love it, and every lady should read it...then pass it along or buy it to share with another lady.  Chuckles all around!
B003PC9L7I|3.0|I bought this book on CDs after reading the regular book. The book itself is excellent!!!! However, I did not care for the narrator, I think the book was not presented with due passion!
B004KSQN7C|5.0|Yes. I love this record so much! Big Fat Bass is one of the best. So is Hold It Against Me and Till The World Ends and, its just all around great.
B0051QIGP4|3.0|Sorry, but I just do not care for the new album.  Alot of the songs sound too similar and the singing isn't nearly as good as previous albums.  I give it 2.5 at best.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|This review is going to cover the whole record.  MARRY THE NIGHT - I absolutely love this song. It is a very solid record. It has the vocals, the lyrics, everything.  BORN THIS WAY - This was the perfect choice for the first single. It did amazingly. And it should NOT be skipped going to anything new. NEVER SKIP THE SINGLES!! It destroys he experience of hearing the record.  GOVERNMENT HOOKER - I just love this song so much. If it was a single, I would be so excited I would possibly pass out. Its filthy, its dirty, its just amazing.  JUDAS - This was the perfect choice for the second single. It is amazing and its placing after Government Hooker, instrumentally, is genius.   AMERICANO - This song is written from her view of the immigration laws and it shows. But it shows lightly enough you almost have to hear her say that or know she said it because until the end, its hidden in a relation ship with Lady Gaga and a woman.  HAIR - I love the bubbly beginning and the then rock sound. It is very amazing.   SCHEIßE - Scheiße is a great, great record! I love the song so much it has the most plays on my iTunes so far. It is definitely one of the top songs of the record.  BLOODY MARY - Epic song. Just, epic.  BLACK JESUS  AMEN FASHION - This song is plainly great. It is about putting on a new spirit as easily as fashion, and it shows perfectly.   BAD KIDS - An amazing anthem about how people considered \\"bad kids\\" and people who fell like them. I feel very connected to this record and I love it so much.  FASHION OF HIS LOVE - I love this record a lot. It was written after Alexander McQueen's death. I love how it shows that love is more than love, its also a fashion statement.  HIGHWAY UNICORN (ROAD TO LOVE) - I just can't express how I love this record - verbally or physically.  HEAVY METAL LOVER - This record is also filthy. It is less filthy than Government Hooker, but its very filthy. The first line, so filthy its amazing. This song is a great record.  ELECTRIC CHAPEL -This record is definitely close to the best record. Out of all of them. I can't get enough of it.  THE QUEEN - I giggle a lot when I listen to it. The lyrics are playful and amazing. I worship The Queen.  YOÜ AND I - This is definitely a wonderful and fun song. I do enjoy the whole track and I enjoy the part about her dad, Nebraska, and Jesus. \\"There's only three men that I'mma serve for my whole life/It's my daddy and Nebraska and Jesus Christ\\".  THE EDGE OF GLORY - This is the perfect closer of the record. I love how upbeat it is when its about your last moments. Its purely fantastic.
0671027344|5.0|This has to be one of the best books of my generation. Charlie is such a well developed character. You almost instantly become attached to him, feeling as though his letters are being written directly to you. His history revealed in the novel lays a great basis for his actions and issues, and it allows those with similar pasts to feel as though there is help for them as well. I have read this book several times, and yet I find out something new about Charlie everytime I do. In this book, you see a young, naive teenage boy go through real life situations and grow into a well-adjusted young man. You get to be there for his first love, and share in all the memories he makes with his new friends. I recommend this book to readers 13 years old and up. There is some content which may be inappropriate for younger readers, but it is done in such a non-vulgar way that I would almost say its a great way to relate to your child on those issues. If you have not read this yet, I can recommend it with the best intentions. This book helps you reevaluate your situations and troubles, and I know it has always helped me feel better about what I'm going through.
0061743526|5.0|I read this book in my teens or early twenties and always loved it.  I have re-read it several times since.  I recently found out my Mom (currently age 91) had never read it, so I got it from the library and she just finished it.  She also loved it!  A wonderful book which demonstrates so clearly that racial prejudice is ridiculous!
0300169787|2.0|Unlike the other reviewers, I am not agog over this book. I love textiles and the wonderful objects you can make with them. I love Alexander McQueen. Last weekend I went to the Met show in NY (which was packed even at 9:30 am) and at the end was funneled through the gifte shoppe, where I picked up this book thinking it would have an in-depth analysis and discussion of the impact of McQueen. Not so. It's pretty much just photos of the fashion items, one photo per item, and a quote from McQueen in each two page spread.   Photos from other angles (rather than pretty much straight on), extreme close ups, as well as the construction details would have been marvelous. Quotes from people involved in the garment's fabrication would have added incredible insight. It would be interesting to learn a model's opinion on what the clothes were like to wear. Alas, a missed opprotunity.  In other words, this book basically adds nothing of value if you went to the McQueen show at the Met.
B0051QIGP4|2.0|The Album was okay for the price ($0.99) but the experience with Amazon wasn't. This is not the first time I've bought music from Amazon, but due to the crush of people about half of my songs didn't download, and specific to that list was one of the few on the album that I actually wanted. I've emailed Customer Service who sent me a form letter saying that I could redownload, but the option isn't available like they claim.     There's another promo going on today, so just beware. You'll be paying in frustration what you save in dollars.    Edit: After another round of emails to Customer Service I got access to download it again. It was nice and quick to download.  Sadly, now that I've had a chance to listen to it, most of the songs are unimpressive.  Her last album (which I bought at full price) was a far better deal.
0553103547|5.0|After seeing a few episodes on hbo I wanted to check out more about the series and wound up buying the first book.  It was an awesome read and I highly suggest it.
B002L3RVCY|5.0|track one :asajj ventress is back!you might remember her from the old clone wars cartoon.she battled count dooku in a training session,a bunch of mionsters and anakin.yoda and 3 troopers take on an entire droid team.                           track 2-search and rescue .                        track 3-how about a trip through a monster filled nebula and a giant ion cannon?                         track 4-a bunch of space battles mostly                         track 5-big shootouts and a giant eel tries to eat the clones                       ok that was disc one.who the heck drew the humans' noses?they look like ski slopes!                            disc 2                     track one-r2 gets droid-napped.there is also a space battle inside a meteor shower.                       track 2-general grievious vs ashoka tano.r2 vs the new astromech droid.[its actualy a really cool fight].                         track 3-jar jar is mistaken for a jedi.this is one of my favorite episodes.some comic relief from all of the killing in the war.someone i know was complaining about jar jar.the usual stuff like he's stupid and stuff.then he went on to say he didnt like the 7 ft tall,non talking teddy bear[chewbacca] or the really little teddy bears from the forest[ewoks] or the big slug{jabba}.then i got to thinking,jar jar isnt any sillier than any of them.                           track 4-a lot of battles on this one.it is all fighting.asajj ventress takes on luminara and ashoka.                        track 5-this is my favorite one of all.im a big kit fisto fan.he reunites with his padawan who is now a knight.nadarr is very aggressive.he,kit fisto and a bunch of clones battle general grievious.                       so on that disc,there were 2 of my favorite episodes.                        disc 3                      track 1-a brief battle goes down between anakin and dooku.obee and anakin fight a monster in a tube they are falling down.                      track 2-anakin,obee and dooku are captured and put in a cell together.they must work together to live.big shootout later.                      track 3-space shootout.anakin,alaya secura,clones and ashoka battle droids.anakin is injured and cant fight.a monster tries to kill clones.there are some aliens who look like a cross between a dwarf and a monkey.monsters are hippo griff like.                        track 4-a space shootout.there is a new super weopon the bad guys made that destroys all organic matter but does not harm things like droids.                          track 5-bear like aliens vs the clones                           track 6-droids attack a place that looks like the emerald city.lots of shooting.asajj ventress vs obee and anakin                               disc 4                           track 1-a virus will be released if no one stops the bad guys                             track 2-lots of shooting.virus is released and good guys race to escape tunnels before being exposed.                              track 3-you must push sideways in order to see the cartoon and not some guy yapping.the r7 astromech debuts.ashoka goes on her first flying mission.there is a space battle.there are heavy losses and ashoka gets depressed.it is very dramatic.                                  track 4-an air vs land battle.shootouts.there is a little girl twi'lek.a robot tries to feed locals and clones to his monsters..clones and obee vs monster.another big shootout.                               track 5-twi'lek warriors,clones and mace windu must get into a castle.                                track 6-a bounty hunter snipes away.a bunch of bounty hunters are in this one.anakin vs the ig-88 style droid.later,anakin fights 3 bounty hunters briefly.                    so,thats that!it was all totaly awesome except for those funky old noses.do i really have to tell you whether or not to buy this?its gold!better than gold,its diamond!or better yet some new star wars universe elementthats more precious than either of those 2.                    i think it is an important part of the entire star wars story.but,of course,i played both knights of the old republic games,watched all 6 movies.watched the 2 old clone wars cartoons,watched the 2 new cgi cartoon seasons,played force unleashed and read the entire 19 book series from the new jedi order.i even wrote my own stories where there wasnt one.
B004BBDHEK|5.0|As billed before the release of the album and the concert, this is the Yanni I fell in love with so many years ago.  I've been attending all of his concerts in Richmond, VA and/or Washington, DC for years now. On March 29, we saw Celtic Woman in Richmond at the Landmark Theater.  Through the PBS special, we were able to get backstage passes to \\"meet and greet\\" them.  These tickets were limited to 10 pairs.  I would LOVE for Yanni to do this and would pay almost anything to get such access.  Then, on April 7, we saw Yanni at the Warner Theater, a smaller venue than he normally has.  The concert was sold out and ticket prices had changed upward from my purchase date in December.  We had wonderful seats and enjoyed the concert immensely.  Yanni was much more interactive with the audience, commenting that this smaller venue was more like sitting in his living room.  He did three encores and, at one point, the clapping and yelling for another encore was literally deafening.  I have to say that this has been the best concert I've seen so far.  I realize the time involved in composing the music, then getting everyone else on board, but I hope that we don't have to wait years to see him again!!!
0800141660|5.0|This is a near-perfect film adaptation of one of Jane Austen's classic novels; my only criticism is that Emma Thompson is rather old to be portraying a 19-year-old girl.  Despite that, she does an incredible job with the part, as do all the actors in this movie.  Alan Rickman's Colonel Brandon makes me swoon every time I watch it.  The direction is lovely - every scene is like a painting, with beautiful landscapes, set design, and costumes.  I had to buy a second copy on Blu-Ray because I wore out my original DVD.
B0041KKYBA|3.0|The movie does  good job of highlighting the follies and crass misjudgements of major players in the financial world - the greed, the self-interest, the unwillingness to sense danger.. what I found lacking is an insight into what actually happened. There is no elucidation of the financial instruments that caused the havoc, nor is there an explanation (other than greed) of why different players may have behaved the way they did. Anyone who knows finance will learn little from this film, anyone who does not, will go away feeling the world is a dangerous place run by greedy ogres (which it may be, of course..!). But it will not leave you wiser or better-informed.
B003UESJH4|5.0|One of the most amazing peices of art that I have seen in many years, the performances are stellar, the writing incredible, costumes, impecable! Truly worth the accolades that it received.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|This series is a grabber from the first scene to the last.  My father was a career Marine and was in the Pacific 3 years.  My parents were married in December 1941, exactly when the series begins and he left 1 month later.  It tugged at my heart and brought me to tears time and time again.  I usually avoid movies that make me that emotional but it was impossible to stop watching.  I actually bought this set for my sister.  You will not be disappointed.  Besides the fact that anything Steven Spielberg is involved with is never disappointing.
B004G600A4|5.0|This was so good.It took and old fairy tale and turned it into a great film.I love it as much as any of the films shown now. Great job...
B004K4AUZW|3.0|I'm a 34 year old Little Monster.  I'm old enough to hear swear words.  I can produce a note from my mother to show to the nice people at amazon.com, a little permission slip, if you will.  It does not state on the site that this is a censored version of the CD...atually its the Special Edition, so if anything, it should be unmarred by some censor's eraser and their opinion of what I should and should not hear.      Little Monsters take their Gaga quite seriously.  We have been waiting since New Years Eve for the 5/23/11 release date.  I preordered from Amazon knowing that other stores would be censored, and past experiences with Amazon orders have had CD here on drop date or the very next day.  Drop date was Monday, I got mine Wednesday...and now I have to send it back....AND they told me they DO NOT have a non censored version available.  Unacceptable.
0811870413|5.0|This is a book that can be used by a determined new-comer to bread baking, but it is best for someone who is into bread baking, but finds that their output does not meet their expectations or desires.  This book will revolutionize your breads, and open you to a world of the best bread you have ever made -- indeed perhaps the best bread you have ever eaten.  I have given the book to my bread baking close friends, and everyone has been swept off their feet by the change in their breads.  You will as well.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|This album seems more mature and has more of an edge than her previous albums.  If you are expecting more of the same from Gaga, you will be disappointed.  I have to admit that I was a little thrown off by this album at first, but after listening to it several times, it has really grown on me and now I absolutely love it.  Hardcore Gaga fans will love this album. Casual fans will probably hate it.  Just be sure you know which category you fall in before you buy.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|I ordered this product and received it on time. It was a gift and I got it within the week that I ordered it. Thanks :) Very pleased would order from again :)
030745455X|4.0|In The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Lisbeth Salander gradually infiltrate the book to become the dominant character. In The Girl Who Played With Fire she takes centre stage and we learn more about her. Why she acts as she does and what motivates her to do the things she doses.<br /><br />The book is faster paced than it's sequel and, for me, it was just that little bit more exciting. Salander is wanted for the murder of three people. There is plenty of incriminating evidence to suggest that she did indeed commit thee murders, but did she?<br /><br />Mikael Bloomberg tries to find out. He is on her side and desperately wants to prove her innocence, but she will only communicate with him by computer, and even that is limited communication.<br /><br />I enjoyed this book better than it's predecessor, although, like it's predecessor it really was in need of a lot of editing. Never-the-less it was another good read from Steig Larson and I look forward to reading the final book.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|I love this album. I agree it's different than her previous albums but I still absolutely love it! Except one thing, the album is censored!!!!! It never said it anywhere on the amazon description or even on the outside of the album package. I was really upset because I like to hear the unedited versions. This really is a complaint for amazon because it should be mentioned in the description very clearly. But I still love the songs!
B0025UHKNS|5.0|Update: still going strong. It has not disappointed.<br /><br />In short:<br />Never had the 305, but after much debate I went with the 405 for the slicker look. Looks great, easy to use, and loads of features. Takes some time to learn how to use the features, but well worth the time.<br />I would recommend the 405cx to anyone who runs with training in mind.<br /><br />Don't take the other reviews too seriously with the bezel imperfections. If you're too busy playing with the watch while running, then you're not really focused. Put watch on auto-scroll as you wish (slow, medium, or fast) and choose how many windows and your set to go.<br /><br />I don't bother locking the watch as I had no problems (rain and shine)<br /><br />Hope this helps...<br /><br />UPDATE: 100 miles later and watch is still fantastic. Used it in different locations and never takes more than 2 min to connect to GPS. Still no major bezel issues or start/stop.
0439023521|5.0|I starting reading this book one morning before classes and didnt put it down until 2am the next morning. This book is a easy read for those that may have any reading troubles and puts the imagination to work creating a world a blood, sweat, and tears.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|I am not normally into Lady Gaga but this album is a great album! One of the best I have ever heard! I hope she does more albums like this! Go get it, this album made me a fan!
B00006I53S|5.0|Understanding Light and Composition is the basis of Photography. Whether you are a professional or hobbiest, I would assume that is understood.  Since making the switch to my first DSLR a little over a year ago, this lens has been my first purchase \\"breaking out\\" of the Kit package.  With Digital,   I've noticed there is a little bit more to just light and comp, and that's better glass.      This glass is fantastic. I have shot with it several times since purchase and have found zero problems with it. I wouldn't say that it is the most  tack sharp glass out there (obviously not), however when you're not making over $80,000 a year and can't afford expensive glass, this is the way go.    I would most definitely recommend this to anybody who is unable to afford the more expensive options. Always keep in mind, within the land of   photography (and any kind of multimedia/entertainment), you GET what you PAY for. If it's more expensive, it's because 98% of the time, it's better.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|The product is obviously good. I could sit here and review the album but this isn't the appropriate locale for that. It's amazing by the way, really & truly. Great quality. Although the $1 promo is no longer going on, I'm sure the $6 one is the same thing.
0446607274|5.0|After taking a long break from reading books, I finally purchased Angels Flight last week, and just like the earlier novels, this one had me hooked right away. It may be a bit outdated as it's set just seven years before the notorious L.A. riot of '92, but it still showcases some hard-boiled dialogue and some unshakable realism. Even if the story itself does show Los Angeles in a relatively negative light, I still admire the details surrounding the city. Detective Bosch and his LAPD team are outstanding: most of them are memorable, though a few are fall into the \\"cardboard cut-out\\" category. The biggest problem I had with Angels Flight was the fact that the relationship between Bosch and Eleanor Wish was both cliched and underdeveloped. If you've read plenty of Detective novels, you would know how this marriage unfolds later on in the story. And plus, it's not very prominent in the story, which makes it feel like either a minor subplot or something that's just intended as filler. Still, Angels Flight consists of a hard-hitting plot, fascinating characters, high suspense, and a decent climax. It's yet another slick accomplishment from author Connelly.<br /><br />Grade: 8.9/10<br /><br />The Black Echo: 7.1/10<br />[[ASIN:0446612731 The Black Echo (Harry Bosch)]]<br />The Black Ice: 7.7/10<br />[[ASIN:0446613444 The Black Ice (Harry Bosch)]]<br />The Concrete Blonde: 9.7/10<br />[[ASIN:044661758X The Concrete Blonde (Harry Bosch)]]<br />The Last Coyote: 9.3/10<br />[[ASIN:0446619078 The Last Coyote (Harry Bosch)]]<br />The Poet: 8/10<br />[[ASIN:0446690457 The Poet]]<br />Trunk Music: 9.2/10<br />[[ASIN:0446198196 Trunk Music (Harry Bosch, No. 5)]]<br />Blood Work: 8.2/10<br />[[ASIN:0446602620 Blood Work]]
B000HWZ4CA|5.0|this movie is one everyone knows of & loves i also had it on vhs played it till it wore out & the vhs player eat it up,i also ordered it as soon as i found it on dvd,it is the #1 movie on my list
0451147960|3.0|\\"The Modigliani Scandal,\\" was originally published in the United Kingdom in 1976 by Ken Follett, international bestselling British author, under the pseudonym Zachary Stone.  It was republished, with an introduction by its now famous author, in 1985. It's a light-hearted suspense thriller, only novella length, obviously an early effort by the author who would make his name soon afterward with the famous spy thriller[[ASIN:0062020897 Eye of the Needle]], (made into a very good movie of the same name, [[ASIN:B000035P5E Eye of the Needle]]).  And then [[ASIN:0451207793 The Key to Rebecca]], also made into a movie of the same name.  Then the writer would make his name again with the extraordinary non-fiction [[ASIN:0451213092 On Wings of Eagles]].  Then he made his name again in historical fiction in 1989 with the huge hit, THE PILLARS OF THE EARTH, set in twelfth century England.  And now he's moved onto the twentieth century with The CENTURY TRILOGY.  But this early novella-length effort of his has, meanwhile, been found and republished.  Though it's doubtful it would have been had he not become such a worldwide publishing phenomenon.<br /><br />The Modigliani Scandal concerns a legendary \\"lost masterpiece\\" by Modigliani, famous and much-loved Italian/Jewish 20th century modern artist - he who drew all those thin, elongated figures.  This one is supposedly hidden away somewhere in picturesque Italy.  It becomes the ultimate prize for a young art historian whose ambition encroaches on everyone around her, an angry young painter with a plan to revenge himself on the art establishment, and a desperate gallery owner who may have double-crossed his own life away.  So they all rent cars and go tramping around picturesque bits of that beautiful Mediterranean country.  The art world background lends a little bit of glitz and glamour to the enterprise, and the author shows the ability to portray double-, and triple-crosses that will serve him so well in his future spy novels.  The novel can be considered fizzy, glitzy fun, but it's very thin, characters, plot, and all, and very lightweight. It doesn't really do justice to its Italian setting.  And too many of its important scenes take place offstage.<br /><br />There is no central character, but there are quite a few characters, mostly young, all pulling off their own little capers.  It is an early showing of his ability to create and manipulate many characters, although, owing to the book's short length, they are rather thin.  It is also an early exhibition of Follett's ability to produce a complex plot, although, at the book's novella length, it too is necessarily rather thin.  Follett has said, \\"As a writer I have always had to struggle against a tendency to underwrite....  Consequently the many characters are painted in brisk, bold brushstrokes, and the book lacks the feeling of detailed personal involvement with the private lives of the characters that readers demand of a bestseller.\\"  It's a reasonably entertaining little book, but will, I think be best appreciated by the author's fans.ovel can be considered fizzy, glitzy fun, but it's very thin, characters, plot, and all, and very lightweight. It doesn't really do justice to its Italian setting.   And too many of its important scenes take place offstage.    There is no central character, but there are quite a few characters, mostly young, all pulling off their own little capers.    It is an early showing of his ability to create and manipulate many characters, although, owing to the book's short length, they are rather thin.  It is also an early exhibition of Follett's ability to produce a complex plot, although, at the book's novella length, it too is necessarily rather thin.     Follett has said, \\"As a writer I have always had to struggle against a tendency to underwrite....  Consequently the many characters are painted in brisk, bold brushstrokes, and the book lacks the feeling of detailed personal involvement with the private lives of the characters that readers demand of a bestseller.\\"  It's a reasonably entertaining little book, but will, I think be best appreciated by the author's fans.
1932100660|5.0|I would say this was the best book out of all of the Vegan/Vegetarian books i have read. And for those of you who are not about going vegan/vegetarian this book is also a must for you. I lend this book to people all the time and get great reviews as well. People tell me that this book has changed the way they look at the American diet and food in general. this book is a true eye opener and a great way to understand why we eat the foods we do and why we suffer from the health risks we do.
B0049U4INC|5.0|This is a great book with many new aspects as well as a many new angles to old things as well. Guy is a great story teller. Definitely worth the investment in time and money.
B003UESJH4|5.0|At a time when our country is horribly divided and polarized, THE KING'S SPEECH is one of those great movies that will make you feel there really IS hope for the human race. And so much the better that it is based on the lives of real people who did something noble.<br /><br />Like TEMPLE GRANDIN, another great movie, this one deals with a person's struggle to overcome a handicap that has made it nearly impossible to interact with others. It shows how, partly through amazing good luck, a person was able to get help that worked, when everything looked grim and hopeless. The relationship between Bertie, the Duke of York (later King George VI, played by Colin Firth), and Lionel (a self-taught Australian speech therapist, played by Geoffrey Rush) is deeply touching and heart-warming.<br /><br />Of course we all know what the outcome will be before the movie even begins, but the script is so wonderfully written and the acting so awesome at every level that we are carried along from beginning to end with barely a flaw. (I have tiny quibbles about two things in the scene just before the coronation, but to bring them up would be like complaining that the sidewalk next to the Taj Mahal has a couple grasshoppers on it.)<br /><br />By total coincidence, two days after I watched THE KING'S SPEECH, I happened to see part of THE BLACK STALLION (1979) on TV--the scene where the young boy and the horse are on the desert island and are just becoming acquainted. The emotional impact of that scene, which shows the growing relationship of mutual trust and the joyfulness of the ultimate success, is VERY similar to the wonderful effect of THE KING'S SPEECH.<br /><br />This is a film you will want to watch over and over--and one you will happily share with your family and friends.
0793563836|5.0|Just finished books 1&2 and can say it is a great beginning bass study book. Remember that this is 3 books in one. I made the mistake of purchasing the first book when I bought my bass 2 months ago. It is the same book 1 in this edition. I've played guitar and other instruments before, and can read music, except for the bass clef. It's taking me longer to transpose the notes I know in G clef. There are also a lot of note errors in book 1, for ex, a note is labelled as D when it is actually an F.  The book is in a binder format, making it easy to keep on a stand without having to use clips. The CD's are also a great tool.
B000HEWEE4|5.0|I loved the movie.  I saw it twice in theaters with two different friends of mine.  Both of them just couldn't seem to agree with me that it was a beautiful love story.  One friend expected a romantic comedy and got drama and thought it was too \\"dark.\\"  The other friend just couldn't see how they could end up together; from an analytical stand-point. (Saying they get together doesn't give anything away.) There are light moments in the movie, but it's basically just a good old-fashioned love story. Emphasis on the word \\"story\\" because in a story anything can happen if you use a little imagination.
B004LWZVZC|4.0|When I went to see this movie I knew nothing about it.  The trailer merely indicated a period courtroom drama starring James McAvoy.<br /><br />While I would hesitate to call it one of the best movies of the year, undoubtedly this movie or more precisely the story this movie relates impacted me more deeply than most do.  So much so that I have bought several books on the subject to get as full an understanding of this event as possible.<br /><br />As an experienced director and actor Robert Redford knows how to push the audiences buttons, making socially relevant, and relatable movies.<br /><br />Here then a true story of a divided country just arrived at an uneasy peace after a bitter civil war, when recently reinaugurated President Lincoln is suddenly assassinated by an actor in a theater.  Not only is the president assassinated, there is a simultaneous attempt to murder the Secretary of State Seward, and Vice President Johnson.<br /><br />As the manhunt begins for Booth, and his accomplices, suspicions turn to a young known associate John Surratt.  Police go to his house, and in his absence end up arresting his mother Mary Surratt for being complicit in the crime of which he is suspected.  But is she guilty of being a conspirator, or just guilty of being a mother of an alleged one, an innocent running a boarding house where these conspirators would meet?<br /><br />She is remanded to be tried in a military court.  Frank Aiken, a young veteran of the Union Army, becomes her unwilling counsel. Her rights to a jury trial in a civilian court overruled, one can sense that the odds stacked against her.  It's a desperate situation.  Her guilt appears to be a foregone conlusion.  She is not permitted to testify in her own defencse.  Will her son return and save the day?  If you're like me these are some of the questions that may run through your mind as you watch this movie.<br /><br />Other people arrested with her testify for the state implicating her in the conspiracy.  These people are not themselves charged.  An alcoholic bartender, John Lloyd, very lucky not to be charged himself firmly impicates her with extremely damning uncorroborated testimony.  A boarder Louis Weichman testifies that some of the conspirators met at her house on numerous occasions.  But if he knew so much how come he did not report his suspicions to the authorities in advance?<br /><br />Probably most shocking for me was new President Johnson, suspending a writ of habeas corpus written by a judge, on a matter of life and death, a precedent ironically set by Lincoln to be used in wartime, now used to seal the conspirators fates in peacetime.<br /><br />I found this interference by the executive office in a judicial proceeding to be most surprising and shocking, and difficult to believe, but it turns out to be true.  I checked.<br /><br />For dramatic purposes, some minor but significant facts have been altered.  For example, Mary Surratt had two counsel not one.  In addition, there were eight people on trial not four.  The four not included in the movie were given life sentences, and those surviving would ultimately be pardoned by President Johnson within four years.<br /><br />One life sentence to Dr Mudd, 'his name is mud,' who treated Booth's fractured leg, and another to Ned Spangler, the stage hand and stable boy asked by Booth to hold his horse, while he went into the theater.<br /><br />President Johnson famously said of her, \\"She kept the nest that hatched the egg.\\"<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie. If you have further interest in this topic I recommend the books:<br /><br />[[ASIN:0813191513 Blood on the Moon: The Assassination of Abraham Lincoln]], a tremendously lucid account of events, which ties up the loose ends, particularly what happened with John Surratt.  He was tried for the same crime, in a civilian court but not on the same facts.  He does explore the legal standards in defining what a conspiracy is which I found helpful, and many other things.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0375759743 American Brutus: John Wilkes Booth and the Lincoln Conspiracies]], explores not only the conspiracy, but also the life of John Wiles Booth, giving a full background.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0060518502 Manhunt: The 12-Day Chase for Lincoln's Killer (P.S.)]], which reads like a fast paced thriler while sticking to the facts.<br /><br />To a somewhat lesser degree [[ASIN:B004LLICFY The Assassin's Accomplice: Mary Surratt and the Plot to Kill Abraham Lincoln]]. I have browsed through this one numerous times at the local bookstore, yet have been reluctant to buy it.  For one thing, she glosses over the habeas corpus issue, giving it half a page.  She does not tie up the loose end of what happened with John Surratt like Steers does.  She also concludes Surratt's guilt, yet I found her reasoning somewhat suspect.  Even though her book ties in with the movie,  I prefer that Redford allows us to make up our own minds.<br /><br />Two different people watching this movie could arrive at a totally different conclusion about Mary Surratt's complicity, and I think that's the way Redford would like it, to keep the mystery alive. It kept it alive for me.<br /><br />I hope you enjoy this movie and I hope this review was helpful.acies]], explores not only the conspiracy, but also the life of John Wiles Booth, giving a full background.    [[ASIN:0060518502 Manhunt: The 12-Day Chase for Lincoln's Killer (P.S.)]], which reads like a fast paced thriler while sticking to the facts.     To a somewhat lesser degree [[ASIN:B004LLICFY The Assassin's Accomplice: Mary Surratt and the Plot to Kill Abraham Lincoln]]. I have browsed through this one numerous times at the local bookstore, yet have been reluctant to buy it.  For one thing, she glosses over the habeas corpus issue, giving it half a page.  She does not tie up the loose end of what happened with John Surratt like Steers does.  She also concludes Surratt's guilt, yet I found her reasoning somewhat suspect.  Even though her book ties in with the movie,  I prefer that Redford allows us to make up our own minds.    Two different people watching this movie could arrive at a totally different conclusion about Mary Surratt's complicity, and I think that's the way Redford would like it, to keep the mystery alive. It kept it alive for me.    I hope you enjoy this movie and I hope this review was helpful.
B004SKHJF2|2.0|Shazam encore simply is not worth the $4.99 price tag attached to it. It has to date, managed to figure out one song that I've offered it and even then, it did not give me a title or band, only an album title which I found a bit odd.
B002AF4Y96|2.0|Please describe the audio and video quality of any Blu-Ray you review.  Thanks to those who do this.<br /><br />The video quality varied throughout the movie.  Some parts were very grainy black and white.  Some parts were not-so-good color.  Some parts looked high-def color. Some of this was on purpose, for sure.  But I'm not sure if the parts that were not-so-good color were on purpose.  And, I'm not sure if the black and white scenes were supposed to look as bad as they did.<br /><br />The audio soundtrack (Dolby TrueHD 5.1) was good.<br /><br />The movie about put me to sleep, but, it was late, and I was tired.  I do not think this is a great movie.
0743454537|3.0|I normally don't read Jodi Picoult's novels, as all they seem to be doing is dissect a dysfunctional family or individual, ad nauseam. I should add that she does it quite well, though, and has millions of fans. I was keen on reading My Sister's Keeper, because it tackles a difficult topic, one that I am interested in, having worked for a few years for a rare disease patient organisation. My Sister's Keeper tells the story of Anna, a thirteen year old who was conceived artificially by her parents to be used as a genetically compatible donor for her sister Kate, who suffers from a rare form of leukemia. This is tricky. There are moral issues here, on top of the medical and psychological ones. But Anna has had enough. She has undergone multiple surgeries for her sister and she decides to take her parents to court to obtain medical emancipation - and to refuse to donate a kidney to her sister, the latest invasive surgery she is asked to undergo. This makes for a very interesting and controversial topic and I commend Picoult for choosing it. Unfortunately... there are too many flaws in the book. First, from a literary point of view, characterisation is too flimsy: I found that all the characters speak with the same voice. There are even similar speech patterns used by different characters. This does not work. It's even made worse by the fact that the story is told from many points of view - six at least - and I found myself confused more than once as to who was speaking. I had to go back to the chapter's title to know whose point of view it was. It also makes for too many unnecessary flashbacks. But the worst sin for me was Anna's voice, which is anything but a thirteen year old's. Okay, she is a mature child, but still, she speaks as if she has been studying philosophy for fifty years. She is able to analyse what people say, think and do, and she comes up with smart, complex, literary statements that do not ring true. There are also too many one-liners followed by space, such as at the end of a paragraph or chapter. This works for a while, but you quickly become annoyed with it. As for the plot, it lets the reader down towards the end. We spend 400 pages analysing difficult issues and asking hard questions, trying to find an answer, when nothing is black or white, right or wrong. Instead of having the guts to choose one, Picoult takes the easy way out - and the reader is left with no answer, no choice, absolutely nothing... It's an easy device,and it didn't need to be like that. I don't want to spoil the story for you so I will not say what it is about, but it is a shame that Picoult wasn't brave enough to just go with one choice or two - however imperfect - instead of fleeing the issue. Subplots are also miraculously solved and secondary characters are taken care of in the most improbable way... and as a consequence the novel loses its credibility at the very end. Such a shame..., such as at the end of a paragraph or chapter. This works for a while, but you quickly become annoyed with it. As for the plot, it lets the reader down towards the end. We spend 400 pages analysing difficult issues and asking hard questions, trying to find an answer, when nothing is black or white, right or wrong. Instead of having the guts to choose one, Picoult takes the easy way out - and the reader is left with no answer, no choice, absolutely nothing... It's an easy device,and it didn't need to be like that. I don't want to spoil the story for you so I will not say what it is about, but it is a shame that Picoult wasn't brave enough to just go with one choice or two - however imperfect - instead of fleeing the issue. Subplots are also miraculously solved and secondary characters are taken care of in the most improbable way... and as a consequence the novel loses its credibility at the very end. Such a shame...
B0034G4P80|4.0|As I had read Mighty Thor comics as a kid, I wasn't prepared for:<br /><br />1. Who they had playing Heimdall (he was a Norseman-type, granted that Hogun was an asiatic type)<br /><br />and<br /><br />2. Jane Foster's actual job (she was a Nurse, not a Astro-Physicist)<br /><br />So, I was down on the movie before it even started.<br /><br />and<br /><br />3. Who they had playing Thor (never heard of Chris Hemsworth)<br /><br />The results?<br /><br />I was wrong - way wrong!<br /><br />Idris Elba was a convincing and compelling guardian of the Rainbow Bridge (Heimdall)!<br /><br />Natalie Portman performed well as Jane Foster!<br /><br />Chris Hemsworth is Mighty Thor!  I hope he doesn't worry about the type-casting that can occur in roles of this nature, because I can't wait to see what they do next with his character!  But, I would think that the Marvel Universe has it's hands full with Hulk, Spider-Man, the Fantastic Four, and on and on...<br /><br />Go see Thor and enjoy yourself (like I did...)<br /><br />I grant thee, (Mighty) Thor...Stars that number...FIVE! (Thus speaketh Dolen!)
B001SGEUME|5.0|Remember \\" Don`t play your Rock`n Roll to me \\" from Smokie? No? The Gallaghers gave a f... on that. They did what they can give but this one was not to the hand of God... The Following Album after this was going on Jesus Christ Ways; only 4 Albums on the World have the right beeing 6 points on Amazon. Defintiley Maybe this is not 6 points but a full 5.00000 ....
B0012BV9FG|5.0|First off its very tall and extremely sturdy I feel like I can throw it to the dogs and it would survive for years. The detail has no rival it makes adults have the feeling of being a kid watching Jurassic Park in theaters its that great. My 6 year old daughter is just like her father (me) when he was her age right around the time JP came out she loves Dinosaurs and this dinosaur is her new favorite since she sleeps with it :)
B001SGEUMY|4.0|No Band ever could make phantastic Albums!! Even the Stones, The Beatles stopped before it was too late. This Album is good but not good enough but good enough for all those Engineers who loved them several years before. Go around hear it 17 times but don`t think it`s a GREAT ALBUM
0756655307|5.0|I was used to 80's Marvel Encyclopedia. This new version is amazing. Now I'm able to know how Marvel's universe has envolved in the last 20 years.
B000002BBY|5.0|4 Albums on the world should get 6 of 5 points; they are all secret; Ok 461 Ocean Boulevard is one... Morning Glory must be real in every collection of more than 100 items; it`s a must and Each Track tells the story why... My Favourite: CAST NO SHADOW...
B004FRX0MY|4.0|Works fine on my Samsung Captivate.  I love the daily deals and the lock screen player is the one feature that I was looking for in other players but couldn't find.  It doesn't hog the battery either a major plus.
B004QXJZXA|5.0|Being an owner through the years of 3 previously available versions (Beta; LaserDisc; DVD) of this film, the primary question whenever a Blu-ray edition is announced of a catalog title produced 40 years ago, is whether the upgrade is worth investing in one more time.  All too often has been the case during the early adoption phase of any new format, the answer at best, is maybe.  Improved but due to the source materials and/or mastering methods used, perhaps not fully utilizing the capabilities available with the new technology during any expected learning curve.<br /><br />While my media center isn't what one would consider esoteric, it is for most purposes a capable and representative home theater environment for many featuring a 65\\" Panasonic plasma display (custom settings but not fully calibrated), Pioneer Elite A/V receiver outputting to a matched JBL 7.1 speaker system about a year technologically obsolete this date.<br /><br />Being a long time Porsche automotive enthusiast, a fan of both Steve McQueen and the 24 Hours of Le Mans motor race, I have certainly enjoyed multiple viewings of this film through the years and quite familiar with it both visually and sonically from beginning to end.  There are multiple reviews available on different websites so with rare exception, the comments I express here will be limited to my personal opinions of CBS/Paramount's effort with this new offering.<br /><br />Right on schedule, my new Blu-ray copies of Le Mans and Grand Prix arrived in the mail together as these two films were once again, \\"connected at the hip\\" as they have been through the decades.  For the less than $18 you can acquire this Blu-ray from Amazon during its initial release period, my title for this post says it all:  \\"Don't hesitate, it's Magnifique!\\"<br /><br />One expects an improved image on Blu-ray but I was stunned at how cinematically the final image was.  There is almost a perfect level of visual grain from beginning to end that creates what isso missing in many of today's CGI based motion pictures.  The look of film!  Special effects were all done in camera and look absolutely real in 1080P high definition.  The colors are rich and vibrant even considering the conditions the 1 million original feet of film was shot using now, 4 decade old techniques.  Flesh tones are spot on with Blacks deep and rich though there is occasional clipping during some of the night time scenes.  The Gulf Blue on the Porsches are dead accurate having seen the actual 917's at their namesake's museum in Zuffenhausen.<br /><br />The clarity in some shots are truly amazing in the level of detail shown and even exposing close ups (06:23) that were originally shot with the camera's zoom lens I suspect, unintentionally mis-set at its starting rack focus point.  What some have described as \\"soft.\\"  As many times as I have seen this film, the greatly enhanced picture (at times, video bandwidth indicating 30-33 mbs+ output) allowed me to see unexpectedly, background detail that had escaped notice during my many previous viewings such as the Black paint flaking off the right windshield pillar in Delaney's Porsche (24:21) or the exposed rivets/screws in same location on the Ferrari 512's (23:23).  Racecars are typically well worn devices and seeing detailing such as this adds greatly to the realism the film is attempting to create.<br /><br />I also noticed for the very first time, B&W portraits of both Michael Delaney (McQueen at 59.28) and his main rival driving for Ferrari in the story, Erich Stahler (Siegfried Rauch at 1:00:24) hanging on the walls (Michael to the right of the sliding entry door; Erich's to the left of where Michael sits with Lisa) of the cafeteria where McQueen has about as much dialog as there is in any one section of the entire film. If CBS/Paramount used compression, it was very slight and one never sees any halo edge effects.  They allowed the transfer to breathe and the visuals certain confirm that.<br /><br />As impressive as the visual transfer is short of a full frame by frame restoration which means there were occasional scratches in the final print though few and far between, the new lossless 7.1 audio mix is its equal.  The panning from one side of the room to the other (as well as rear to front) matching the cars going right to left on the screen was truly immersive during the driving sequences.  While I wasn't expecting my subwoofer to be exercised anywhere close to Tron:  Legacy, very pleasantly surprised whenever LFE was used.  For someone that used to clean out record grooves with liquids and brushes before playing to minimize background noise (ticks, pops) while maximizing available dynamic range, two sections of the film truly validates the life like audio free from recording hiss offered here even when sourced from older analog masters.  The first takes place at the start of the race from 25:54 when Michael closes the rear window in his 917 and one hears the rhythm of a beating heart increasing in rate until the flag is dropped to start the race (28:00).  The second is a repeat of this same sonic theme after the Ferrari 512 crashes off the race course with the driver attempting to escape the pending explosion (1:08:10-1:08:47).  With the noise floor so low, listen for the very subtle atmospherics throughout these and many other scenes which in a 7.1 system absolutely helps to create a sound field that has great width and depth completely enveloping the viewer. Consider it 3D for your ears and extremely effective.  Overall, for the era this film came from, CBS/Paramount did an excellent and highly effective remix.<br /><br />In the end, what most amazed me during my nearly two hours watching Le Mans again, was how completely and unexpectedly I had been pulled back into this racing spectacle during my viewing.  The clarity of an updated Blu-ray worthy transfer, a new 7.1 lossless soundtrack, the perceived shortcomings from a lack of any dialog beyond the PA announcer in the background all contributed to producing for me, Steve McQueen's vision for his film:  The physical and emotional experience of actually participating as a driver in the 24 Hours of Le Mans from the comfort of one's own neighborhood (home?) theater.  Isn't that ultimately, the intended purpose of every motion picture.
B00280LYIC|5.0|i read this book in about fourth or fifth grade and i fell in love with it. highly educational, i learned most of what i know about the greek gods from this book. when my best friend started talking about the greek gods, i had a feeling about what she was reading. so i asked her if she was reading this series, and she asked how i knew. i was so excited that she was into the series. the first book that pops into my mind when asked for a good read, i am never dissappointed when i read it over and over. great book with lots of characters and wonderful plot, this book is great for kids seven and up.
014241543X|4.0|I randomly came across this book on Amazon and when I saw the great reviews I said why not. Well, the day I got I hadn't planned on reading it but found myself consumed with its pages. I think what kept me going was first of all the use of non-traditional chapters. Everything was broken up by the day and time to reflect the present and a squiggle to show a past flashback. I loved the way the book was layered. It started presently with characters you hadn't formed an attachment with but as the book progressed the layers were peeled away and the whole story was very emotional for me. When I finished this book within 4 hours and after I put it down to try to read another book my mind was still caught up in everything that happened. I would highly recommend this book for someone who is looking for a quick read or an emotionally compelling story that will change the way you view life.
1591843790|5.0|I've read this book three times now.  The first time I thought it was a good book with some good information.  The second time I thought that most of it didn't pertain to me, a writer/consultant/educator/blogger, since I was not a big company nor did I have a tangible product (other than books) to sell.    It wasn't until my third read that the \\"truth\\" of Guy's knowledge really hit home and I \\"got it.\\"    Since then, I've talked about it extensively at two conferences that I've been to and I'm happy to report that I've sounded like a genius, but I've always given credit to Guy.    On the surface, it does seem like basic stuff.  Read it again and you'll begin to see that it isn't basic at all.  Enchantment is not an easy thing to accomplish and there's no guarantee that anyone or any company will achieve it, however, it can be done, as Guy has proven.  This is as good as a road map to it as there is.
068485743X|5.0|This book is written by a literary agent, and thus filled with his inside look at the world of publishing, that grand, glittery world all writers desire attention from. How could any self-respecting writer not want to hear what he has to say?<br /><br />Noah Lukeman addresses many of the issues that will have your manuscript thrown in the trash (also know as the slush pile). That alone would be worth reading, but he also gives you advice on how to fix it. The exercises at the end of every chapter will free your mind to work on these problems that you may find in your own writing. I was so glad to read this. While it is difficult for me to remain objective about my own work, it all helped me look at it closer. Something I can only benefit from.<br /><br />My favorite part of the book was the quotes at the beginning of every chapter. They discuss many aspects of publishing and the famous people who have struggled to get published, and they do it in a humorous way. They're cute, thought-provoking, and encouraging. I especially loved the quote at the beginning of the chapter on Hooks. It was from the June of 1998 issue of Icon magazine. Martin Amis describes why literary reviews can be so vicious in comparison to the art & music worlds. It struck me as extremely apt. You don't paint a painting to review a work of art. You don't compose a song to review music. But you do write prose to review written prose. And rare is the creature that is truly satisfied with a career in journalism and never wished to write \\"the great American novel.\\" Of course those frustrations would come out in their reviews!<br /><br />I think what was the most useful in this book was that it made me think about my own book and my own writing; I think about how I should apply this advice that he gave here in my work, and that advice there. Many of the books about writing that I've read made me think of the author's writing or some famous person's writing or the idea of writing, but never MY writing. It never made me sit down and get to work on MY creative project. This book did.<br /><br />I'm so glad I read The First Five Pages for that inside view of a world that mystifies, but also tantalizes: publishing. Now I know what an editor or agent is looking for, I am better equipped to deliver it.<br /><br />Hope this helps all you potential buyers! Have a great day and happy reading!wn and get to work on MY creative project. This book did.    I'm so glad I read The First Five Pages for that inside view of a world that mystifies, but also tantalizes: publishing. Now I know what an editor or agent is looking for, I am better equipped to deliver it.    Hope this helps all you potential buyers! Have a great day and happy reading!
B004LWZW24|3.0|I went to The Cinema and saw this with my daughter. There is really not much of a story, as it begins  in a house with people unpacking. it had  some shocking moments which had my 28 year old daughter almost jumping out of her chair.. It reminded me sort of...of a Spook House at Halloween...everything is calm and suddenly something jumps out at you....The investigators were not that good..especially the older lady. They sort of left the ending hanging..but overall..it was an enjoyable movie.
1857885082|5.0|This should be required reading before walking down the aisle with a Brit.  I've spent 20 years thinking my British husband's family either quietly loathes me or that they think I have severe body odor.  No touching, no hugging, no earnestness allowed. During 20 years of vacations together, I've made very little progress in breaking down barriers.  What a relief to read this book!  I now feel I understand my in-laws much better and their quirky, standoffish behavior and love them more for it.  I won't be offended now if they don't (outwardly) love me back.  I'll just keep hugging and they'll just keep cringing.  Neither of us can help our cultural differences.
B0041KKYEM|4.0|I saw this at The Cinema with my daughter. It was terrific suspense! Natalie P. did an awesome job of acting. The ending was sad, but it is a movie that stays with one and makes one want to watch it again.
B004Q7E0TA|3.0|Portia de Rossi is absolutely gorgeous, inside and out.  This book gives us insight into her insecurities she faced as she became a model and then an actress.  These insecurities ultimately led to anorexia and bulimia.  She writes in detail how she calorie-counts and her exercise regimen.  And she is painfully honest when she lists the foods she binged on.  The other battle was hiding the fact that she is gay, and how she hid this from not only Hollywood but the majority of her family.    This book substantiated to me just how silly and superficial our society is (with the help from Hollywood).  Poor Portia weighed 110 lbs at 5\\"8' which is considered underweight by BMI, but people delight at how good she looks??  Then there is the woman telling a 12-year-old that she has a \\"saggy butt\\"??      Upon finishing the book, I felt that this book was not complete.  There were small side stories that she never finished.  For example, she was very concerned about telling the producers of \\"Arrested Development\\" about her being gay but never reveal to us the conversation or what happened.  I guess we assume that they were okay with it since she was on the show??  Readers should not have to assume so much.  And what happened to the one NY friend who actually noticed she was too thin?  Is she still friends with her?  Who knows - she is never mentioned again.    Also, I noticed by the middle of the book, I was skimming some parts because I did not need another description of how fat her thighs were or how she prepared the perfect 300 calorie meal.  The epilogue was excellent because it contained more in-depth thoughts and discoveries.  I wished the whole book was more like the epilogue.
0385474547|5.0|Very pleased with time arrival so that my grandson had this book for an assignment for one of his classes..Love shopping on Amazon...can always count on finding anything we can't seem to find in our local area..
B00006AW2S|5.0|Keith says the Stones learned American blues in 1962-3 in a dingy cold water flat in suburban London, never having been anywhere near Chicago. By the time they cut these tracks, they'd toured the US once or twice and met their Chess record label idols. Charlie is, as usual, what makes the early Stones powerful. His playing sounds so much more professional than the others because he had been a pro when they pooled their pennies to offer him a guaranteed paid job as their drummer. Mick is off key here, more than a few times and sounds like the callow youth that he was. The originals are leaps and bounds better than the blues covers, though the Stones at this time were still determined to tell everyone about American blues. They quickly moved on after this, doing all originals. These covers are fun, but very much of the period sounding.
B00009NDB8|5.0|This book arrived on time so that my grandson had it for a school assignment, we searched everywhere local and had no luck then I went on Amazon (my favorite shopping place) and found both books he needed for one of his class assignments..
B003J27WFW|5.0|If you are a Rush Fan, you will enjou this. If you aren't, it will change your opinion of them.
B003UESJH4|5.0|We had seen the movie on the big screen and knew right away it would be something we would want to purchase.  Amazon allowed us to do that at a great price.  I recommend the movie to all!
B000KKPN5C|5.0|If you are newly hooked up into a Nikon DSLR, you do even more justice to your equipment with one of these babies. Doesn't break the bank, and you get excellent bounce flash indoor pictures. You will not regret. The batteries run forever..
B004EPYZUI|4.0|When I first saw the trailer for Sucker Punch, I expected little more than a turn-your-brain-off good time involving girls in funky outfits kicking ass (I won't lie, I'm a huge fan of Final Fantasy X-2 and that's the first thing that sprang to mind when I caught a glimpse of the action sequences).     I got considerably more than that. It took me two viewings, in fact, to formulate a full opinion of this movie, which is something I don't often get in my brainless action blockbusters. The film exists in three different layers of reality, two of them nestled within the mind of Babydoll (Emily Browning). The relationship between those and the \\"true\\" reality are not always so clearly defined, and the viewer is left to piece together certain connections on their own.    Snyder is also making a commentary here about voyeurism and the objectification of women. Predictably, this has angered a lot of men who came in only looking to get their rocks off at the sight of young women tarted up in fishnets and sailor fuku.    There's much more I could get into, but not without spoiling the whole thing, and Sucker Punch is the kind of movie where word of mouth doesn't suffice: you have to see it yourself and draw your own conclusions.
B000065R0C|4.0|The pace (despite the cartoons) will keep you watching: it never lets up. Nice Techno soundtrack. Atmospheric 'Travels In Europe' shots of Foreign City. Gambling Theme. That sort of thing.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|You might be thinking - why on earth would I need a backpack just for cameras?  Well, the serious photographer knows the answer to be sure, but as a hobbiest I didn't think that such a specialized item would come in handy.  However, after using this pack for awhile I understand its allure.      First, the padded internal compartments allow me to store gear without worrying about scratches and dents.  The interior fabric is a brushed nylon and the configurable walls are padded allowing you to customize the size of the compartment you need to hold your gear.  The external loops allow you to lash a larger tripod to the outside of the bag if needed.  There are two elastic ties on the outside that you can lash gear to and an external pocket for items to grab in a flash.      A feature that I also appreciate is that the bag does not scream \\"camera\\".  In this way people may not know what valuable equipment you might hauling around.  All in all a good bag, especially for the price.
B00479SVBU|5.0|After some deliberation, I went with this (somewhat older) model, rather than one of the newer ones. And I have not been disappointed. There is no noticeable static, distortion, or reduction in audio quality when played through my head-end, using 320k mp3.    Besides local reception in-vehicle (5 yards, approximately circular), there is a single lobe of long-range reception, at a diagonal to the unit (diagonally across its face) out to roughly 240 yards, until lost in static, that is roughly 3 feet wide at 100 yards out.
B004FEJ3VY|5.0|Optimus Prime is back with a sweet new look and awesome detail!This is in my opinion the best voyager version of optimus so far.I have every Optimus movie version that has been done and 100% can say this version is above all other voyager class versions.The transformation is intermediate meaning if you have plenty of experience with transformers there is minor difficulty.If you are a parent buying for a child of 5-6 or younger you might have to help some in the process.The process is actually easier on this version compared to others which makes this optimus alot more versatile for all ages.The detail as I said before is A++ all around from top to bottom,especially on his chest plate and arms looking more realistic.Optimus Prime's Mech Tech feature is a ion blaster which converts to a battle cannon.In vehicle form it can be stored behind the cab of the truck which is very conveniant.In the transforming process the only tricky part I could see was folding the arms just right which forms the front part of the truck,other than that all ages should be able to get the hang of it after a few times.The durability is very solid in vehicle or robot mode while the poseability is excellent also for displaying or acting out any battle scenes you can think of.Bottom line Optimus Prime Dark of the Moon is a high quality,well-made,10 out of 10 figure all transformer fans should treasure.I highly recommend Optimus Prime to all transformer fans and collectors out there.Transformers Rule!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0553573403|4.0|Please note: I haven't watched the TV show yet, so this is a review purely based on the book.<br /><br />DESCRIPTION:  In a world where seasons last for years or even decades at a time, at the end of the longest summer ever recorded, Winter is slowly approaching at last - and not only the season! The kingdom of Westeros is in a world of trouble, though most of them do not know it. Far to the North, beyond the Wall, strange and supernatural forces are stirring, while to the South, an exiled princess comes into her power and gathers her forces to reclaim the throne that was usurped from her family.<br /><br />REVIEW: Following a vast cast of characters, A Game of Thrones chronicles both the political and social games played for the acquisition and conservation of power and the personal lives of the various players in this game.<br /><br />The main focus is on the Stark family, Wardens of the North and descendents of the Old People, who reside in their citadel in the far North just below the Wall, Winterfell. Neddard Stark is a man of honour, integrity and loyalty, so when his boyhood friend and king asks him to come south to become his Hand after the death of the previous Hand, Ned has no choice but to agree.<br /><br />Leaving his sons (one of whom was grievously injured when he discovered a deadly secret while the King visited at Winterfell) and devoted wife behind, Ned and his two daughters must join the King's party at King's Landing, where feasting and tournaments drain the treasury more every day, corruption and betrayal are part of the day-to-day court mechanics and the population is becoming increasingly impoverished and desperate.<br /><br />Further, the court at King's Landing is seeping with poison and no one is who they seem to be. Soon mired in politics he is ill-suited to navigate with his honesty and integrity intact, Ned finds himself fighting for his own life and the lives of his daughters while his wife must fight for those of their other children.<br /><br />Ned's bastard son, Jon Snow is sworn into the Brotherhood who guards the Wall; an oath for life where desertion leads to death but remaining to serve may lead to even worse. The undermanned and overwhelmed contingent of soldiers is made up mostly of criminals forced to take the life-long oaths as a form of community service, and most of them no longer believe in the dangers that lurk in the Northern snows - that is until Jon's uncle, Ned's Brother, who is First Ranger, leads an expedition beyond the wall to find out the whereabouts of a previous expedition... and never returns.<br /><br />What I like the most about these books is the complexity of the characters. There is not one character that you can purely loathe or purely love. Everyone is doing what they think are the right thing, even though the consequences to others are devastating sometimes. Even though the cast is HUGE, each character has their own, unique personality with flaws, strengths and moments of great weakness and stupidity as well as moments of great strength and nobility.<br /><br />I don't want to spoil the book too much (if I hadn't already ;p), but the complexity of these characters and their interwoven stories, told from the varying limited third person POV really makes this book and this series unique and incredible.<br /><br />There are some flaws, though, no denying that. The chapters are sometimes more like paragraphs, and since each paragraph takes you into the POV of a different character, it takes a while to get used to the abruptness of the transitions and keep track of the million side-plots.<br /><br />There is also a lot of brutality, injustice, gratuitous sex and misogyny and other unpleasant subjects (including rape and infanticide) that are addressed in various ways throughout the story, which can become truly upsetting and triggering. It is certainly not everyone's cup of tea.<br /><br />Also, if you are a believer of easy morality, moral absolutes and a \\"good guys are good and pure and wear untarnished white and bad guys are evil and irredeemable and rotten to the core\\" kind of reader, this is CERTAINLY not the series for you.<br /><br />That being said, reading this book and living through these incredibly diverse and real characters and the complexities of things like morality, accountability, and power was one fantastic experience - an experience that left me a better and more empathetic and tolerant person.le and rotten to the core\\" kind of reader, this is CERTAINLY not the series for you.    That being said, reading this book and living through these incredibly diverse and real characters and the complexities of things like morality, accountability, and power was one fantastic experience - an experience that left me a better and more empathetic and tolerant person.
B0051QIGP4|1.0|I listened to the artist before she became Lady Gaga. Her voice was amazing; I thought she would have made a phenomenal star. Well, she did... The fact that I don't particularly care for the kind of music that she sang since she decided that it was even more important (for her) to shock people did not prevent me from listening to the samples on Amazon today, as the whole album is $1.  Well, I don't think it is worth the dollar. At least not to me. The music on this album is forgettable. All that I remember is the harsh beat, not any of the songs. Feels like a car with the music loud on, stopping at the light right by you. After it leaves, you will remember: \\"boom boom boom\\" but not the song.
B0013K8IFU|4.0|I think this is a pretty good cd but I must say that I think it would only suit someone who has a like for ambient/electronic music ..... I don't see this appealing to wider audience.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|I purchased on Monday when it came out the first time and it took a day to download completely but totally worth it.
B003Z0FSDQ|5.0|I have been combing through a lot of music on Rhapsody including lists of the top 1,000 albums of all time - this one was somewhere on the list. I had no prior knowledge of the Cure apart from an awareness of a couple of singles they have released (and those singles did not particularly appeal to me). So I was very pleasantly surprised when I listened to this album, I think it is really good. Almost all of the tracks are good and so I did something that I rarely do these days i.e. I bought the cd.    If you have Rhapsody, MOG, Napster etc then I would absolutely recommend that you listen to this. If you don't have a music service and therefore your decision is to buy or not to buy then I would say go ahead and get this ..... it is very good and I think it would appeal to most people who like rock/alternative/indie music.    I have never particularly like the image of the band and so I was really surprised that I think this is as good as it is. I bought maybe a dozen or so new albums recently and if I were to pick one out of the bunch then it would be this one.    I won't try to describe the music ..... listen on Rhapsody or try a few seconds of it on iTunes. That will give you a better impression than any description I could give. I do have some really good headphones and a very good hifi and this brings out the different levels/layers of instruments on this cd. I guess all music sounds better on a good system but this benefits more than most from being played on a good system.
B0051QIGP4|1.0|This is where I'd rate the album if it had downloaded successfully after I sent payment. Since amazon took my money and didn't provide me with the digital download for this purchase I'm rating it 1 star. Way to go amazon.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|I love Harry Potter and can not wait for part 2 to come out. The quality of the disc was great. I recieved it early.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|I've been following @AmazonMP3 on Twitter for a while. A day or two before the Gaga release they were sending hinting Tweets about it. Shortly after midnight on Monday they Tweeted that the entire album was available for $0.99. I bought it. It went to my cloud. Less than a minute later I was listening to it. I like the album and the service was fast and easy.
1416955070|1.0|This was a huge let down. Everyone in the YA book community raved about this until I just knew I had to pick it up. Luckly I was able to get it at my local used book store for 5 bucks. When I got home with it I was so excited! I just knew my mind was about to be blown with awesome. I was very disappointed when I all I got was a dud wrapped in a pretty package. Yes the cover is nice, the story is horrid. I am still not sure if the author even bothered to have a plot. She did a lot of information dumping that made no sense. We did not need all of the information that they she kept giving us. The characters reactions were also unbelievable. I mean Clarly's mom is missing and she is thinking about men! I hope this is not the sort of girl that young girls look up too. This book was just simply lame. Do not waste your money.
0199537623|4.0|rather than reviewing the plot, writing, or historical background, i focus on the oxford world's classic paperback edition. like others have said, one of the best things about this edition is the inclusion of thackeray's illustrations.  the endnotes are also arranged by page number, making it relatively easy to find them. most of the notes are helpful, such as explaining the various indian terms or explaining who or what thackeray was lampooning. and some are even crucial, such as the meaning of the names of becky's lawyers. on the other hand, there seems to be an excessive number of references to the prior edition by the tillotsons, incomplete discussions of thackerey's edits, and incomplete discussions of historical context (for example, i found myself relying on wikipedia more than the notes for information about the crawley family and their relationships to political leaders and events).    i found no printing errors in this edition, except for those that are apparently in the original (\\"mr. jos shaves off his moustachios\\"). in addition to the endnotes, there is a concise introduction and a discussion of the effect on the novel of writing it in monthly serials (better to read both after you're done).
0316067598|4.0|This book was a great way to tell a moving story, and I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys stories that are heartwarming, action packed, saddening...pretty much any way could describe a story that starts in training and ends after the long road home from a bloody battle. The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is that it isn't really for everyone. I loved the book, but there are parts that can be pretty heartbreaking, though I'm sure it's only because that's really what happened. If you enjoy this type of story, then this is one to own and share, to get the story out to the world. To show the world what it's like from the viewpoint of the soldiers that we send out to die for us every day of every year anymore.
B004YF6MHW|1.0|This does not \\"ZOOM\\" and the \\"FX\\" is crappy.  I want to return it, but not sure how.  This is the first purchase I've made for an app.
B004G600A4|5.0|I'm a 26 year old female, and I LOVE THIS MOVIE!  It's funny and well-written.  Flynn is my new favorite Disney prince!  My only complaint is that her name is Rapunzel, and yet the movie has barely anything to do with the old Rapunzel fairy tale.
1604680547|5.0|501 Quilting Motifs begins with some basic information on motifs and how to select, adapt, and transfer them. After the short intro, it is packed with quilting designs.  Choose from cute quilt designs for children's quilts, or from the feathers, flowers, foods (including a cup and teapot), geometric shapes, hearts, seasonal/holiday, and vines and leaves - 501 in all!<br /><br />The book is a heavy-duty spiral bound, and the covers fold back flat for easy tracing or copying.<br /><br />Along with the quilt motifs on each page are design ideas to show placement of the motifs in different ways.  There are designs for all skill levels, too.  I have other quilt design books, but I think this one has unique patterns that give it an edge.  Such a wide variety makes this a must-have for quilters.  Whether quilting by hand or by machine, there is something for every quilt here.<br /><br />A review copy was provided by Martingale Publishing.
B004EBT5CU|4.0|Wow, Adele has an amazing, rich, soulful bluesy voice.      I get lost listening her beautiful voice.  I think her song lyrics are a little \\"meh\\" and abstract, not like Amy Winehouse or Duffy.  The latter two are much more descriptive and you hear a musical story, but with Adele, you really have to set your imagination loose when you're listening to her lyrics.    This album is full of songs about lost loves, what could have been and all the sadness of moving on (or the inability of moving on).      The good:   - AMAZING voice....   - \\"Set Fire to the Rain\\" - WOW..!!   - \\"Rumour has it\\" - I love this song.  Here's an example of where the vagueness of the songwriting actually works because even when the song finishes, you're wondering what the rumor really is, but because the lyrics are vague, you're never certain, just like a rumor....  (TA-DA - brilliant)   - \\"Rolling in the Deep\\" - The vocals are amazing in this song.   - \\"Someone like You\\" - OMG, I can almost hear her heart breaking in this.  Her voice truly bears the weightiness of emotions in this song, of love lost and seeing that love move on, when you haven't.  Oh!!     The bad:   - Vague, half-hearted lyrics.
B004N66XYE|1.0|When the original \\"Upstairs, Downstairs\\" series was in development in the 1970s, script editor Alfred Shaughnessy provided guidelines for the writers.  This one was pivotal: \\"Television is electronic theatre and not second-rate film.\\"  The new series also called - minus the comma - \\"Upstairs Downstairs\\" ignores this guideline.  The result is an indifferent second-rate film that would not get more than a passing glance if it were not for the title, which is a fraudulent attempt to sell itself by connecting with the wildly successful original.     It is also tries to make the connection by taking us to 165 Eaton Place, the Bellamy townhouse in the original Up/Down, left in 1930 and vacant ever since.  When we arrive at 165 with the new owners in 1936, the very first shot shows clearly that it is not the same townhouse - the pillars framing the portico are fluted rather than plain and a double door opens into the hall, where the original had a single front door.  Inside, the hall is dominated by a chandelier that was not there before.  The door leading to the servants' area has changed color in the six years the house was unoccupied, and a small diamond-shaped window has appeared in it.  The new owners order extensive renovations, but the lavish result would not have fit inside the original townhouse.  This 165 Eaton Place would require the dimensions of a mansion to accommodate the upstairs changes.  Downstairs, the servants' quarters also bear no resemblance to the original before or after renovation.     The original Up/Down rarely left the townhouse.  It focused on the characters and their development and interactions, sometimes influenced by events in the real world.  Each episode tended to be centered on only one or two characters, and scenes ran for the five or ten or twenty minutes needed to create \\"theatre.\\"  Watching them, you got to know and become interested in the achievements and problems of the characters as people.  Music was used in a scene only when it came from an on-screen source - a phonograph, an off-screen band, etc.     The new Up/Down has a short attention span.  It jumps all over the house and London, and it's very involved with events in the real world.  By concentrating on those events, the scripts are too superficial to make you care what happens to the characters.  And this Up/Down is cursed with virtually continuous background music that is frequently intrusive and often loud enough to interfere with the dialogue.     The original Up/Down was conceived by Jean Marsh and Eileen Atkins, who provide another tenuous connection to it by appearing in this sad reincarnation.  We know that they are splendid actresses from their work elsewhere.  Here Marsh is wasted as the colorless housekeeper and Atkins's character has only one note, sarcastic bossiness.  There is no way to judge the acting abilities of the rest of the cast, which often seems to be on automatic pilot.     The BBC has commissioned another six episodes of the new Up/Down.  That's fewer than half of a usual series and suggests the Beeb is not completely happy with the first series.  It could encourage the new episodes to be electronic theatre by limiting the production to three or four locations inside 165 Eaton Place to force the writer, Heidi Thomas, to populate her scripts with real characters and their relationships with each other, whether upstairs or downstairs, and having only minimal connection to real world events.     I always looked forward to seeing each episode of the original \\"Upstairs, Downstairs\\" in its broadcasts from my local PBS station and still do now in repeats from DVDs.       The new incarnation has nothing to make me want to watch it again.  I can't give it no stars, so I give it one star for effrontery.    Addition, August 23, 2011: a BBC press release posted on the Upstairs Downstairs website says that Eileen Atkins has left the cast of the new episodes.  She \\"is reportedly unhappy with the direction the new scriptsare taking.\\"
B004GLEPLY|5.0|This cat sings with so much conviction! Every song is a brief glimpse into his life and its a great journey to go through.
0743201140|2.0|I picked up a copy of this book from my library because it was mentioned in [[ASIN:1400203570 Beyond Talent: Become Someone Who Gets Extraordinary Results]]. The first third of the book is devoted to hyping and explaining the Strength Finder Test you're supposed to get to take which will help you assess your areas of strength and provide the basis for the rest of the book.     Unfortunately, the test is only available on their website and only way to get an access code to take the assessment is by purchasing the book new. Codes are only valid once and cannot be purchased separately. Therefore, you will get very little out of this book unless you own a fresh copy and you cannot borrow or share it with anyone without buying additional brand new copies.     I had expected to like this book, but given that the entire thing is based around an assessment I cannot access, I'm extremely disappointed. I will not be buying this book and recommend that you don't either.
B002G1X350|5.0|Leaves Eyes never fails to impress me with what they put out. This album is truly one of the most epic albums made by the band. They are taking the world by storm and this album proves it. I actually have the deluxe edition with some bonus songs. \\"At Heaven's End\\" is amazing as well. I highly recommend this album.
B002AR9YPI|5.0|You really need to listen to this album around 10 to 12 times to understand how incredible and prolific Daniel Rossen is. The production is stupendous.
B000TXZVGQ|5.0|I gave this set 5 stars because I loved this show!     However, compared to other DVDs of TV shows, it's pretty low quality. It might be something to do with the fact I was watching it on a computer that plays DVDs, or that it's from a while back.. not sure.     Note: Do not read the book that it comes with or even the packaging, if you have not seen the show before. It can ruin the plot for it if you do. Watch the show first!
B000JQU1VS|5.0|I have been an avid fan of Holmes and Watson since I was a teen. Re-reading these excellent stories reminds me of why Conan Doyle is still read, even in this century.  Unlike Christie, his writings have held up over time (sorry Christie fans).<br /><br />Conan Doyle was a doctor in real life and it is obvious that an intelligent mind crafted these. Besides, the Kindle version is free.  Enjoy these stories from a bygone era.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|Can't beat an artist that creates their own music. The lyrics, vocals, melodies, and production are all top notch. A+!
0385340990|3.0|So, I've just recently finished this book - as there's over 1000 reviews already, I don't feel a synopsis of the plot is necessary, so I'll get straight to the review portion.<br /><br />I picked this up based on both the good reviews and my own curiosity about German occupation during WW2.  I always enjoy reading accounts, both fictional and non-, of civilians perspectives during wartime, and based on the laudatory reactions from friends who'd read it, figured I'd give it a try.  I will say that I was utterly charmed as I was reading the book, but ultimately quite disappointed by the end.<br /><br />This being an epistolary novel, of course the accounts of the war are in the form of letters, and I imagine getting a good amount of detail into a story while keeping the letters believable would be difficult, but I felt as though most things were rather skimmed over.  The details that were included - the hiding of livestock, rationing, the children sent to London, etc. - were fascinating, and I felt rather irritated that so much time was spent on Juliet's (the main character) love life and darling interactions with the equally darling locals and not on delving into more of the wartime experience.  I understand wanting to add some levity to a potentially very dark story, but there was so little darkness to begin with, so little about what the islanders actually went through during the occupation, it began to feel like extraneous fluff.<br /><br />And, my God, I've got to say I was ready to throttle the authors over the horrible teasing of Elizabeth's story, and the utter lack of pay-off. Spoilers follow, so beware and scroll down quick if you don't want to read.<br /><br />SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT<br />SERIOUSLY SPOILERS -<br /><br />I mean, here you have this vibrant young woman, thrust into a war, apparently having to become a nurse with no prior experience, randomly falling in love with A NAZI DOCTOR AND HAVING HIS BABY, and then... oh, she got shipped off to a concentration camp, she's dead, he's dead, too bad, so sad. I just... what??  What is that? Like, a little more detail, anyone? Bueller?<br /><br />SPOILERS DONE<br />SPOILERS DONE, REALLY<br /><br />I just have no idea why the most interesting subplot in the entire book is (barely) told through vague accounts and hints, and yet we get pages and pages devoted Juliet's comparatively boring and predictable love life (comparatively being the key word here, because J's perspective was very entertaining, just not really what I wanted to be reading about.)  Particularly when Juliet and another character both admit, in the book, that Elizabeth's story is what all the other islanders' revolve around.  I suppose since we spend so little time actually hearing accounts of the occupation, it makes sense that Elizabeth's 'screentime', so to speak, would be limited as well.  But it galls me to think how fascinating more focus on the islanders lives pre-Juliet would have been.<br /><br />However, despite my above complaints, it was an interesting, quick read, good for a lazy day at home.  I'd recommend this to someone looking for a WW2-lite kind of book - something to sate your appetite while you're looking for a meatier offering elsewhere., too bad, so sad. I just... what??  What is that? Like, a little more detail, anyone? Bueller?      SPOILERS DONE  SPOILERS DONE, REALLY    I just have no idea why the most interesting subplot in the entire book is (barely) told through vague accounts and hints, and yet we get pages and pages devoted Juliet's comparatively boring and predictable love life (comparatively being the key word here, because J's perspective was very entertaining, just not really what I wanted to be reading about.)  Particularly when Juliet and another character both admit, in the book, that Elizabeth's story is what all the other islanders' revolve around.  I suppose since we spend so little time actually hearing accounts of the occupation, it makes sense that Elizabeth's 'screentime', so to speak, would be limited as well.  But it galls me to think how fascinating more focus on the islanders lives pre-Juliet would have been.    However, despite my above complaints, it was an interesting, quick read, good for a lazy day at home.  I'd recommend this to someone looking for a WW2-lite kind of book - something to sate your appetite while you're looking for a meatier offering elsewhere.
B004NSULHM|4.0|After a long period of time listening to the album, I've finally decided to write up a review here on amazon. The King of Limbs is a short and enjoyable album that grows more with each consecutive listen, and reveals itself rather slowly. The album opens up with Bloom, a jazzy piece with slightly offbeat drums that come together in an odd way. The vocals on here really remind me of music you might hear in a jazz club from the 40's, with lots of soulful yearning and soaring. The second track on here is Morning Mr. Magpie, which starts with a highly syncopated guitar part reminiscent of some of Radiohead's previous work on Amnesiac. This track is nothing special though, and it is a tad too repetitive for my tastes. The next track is Little by Little, which is also reminiscent of Amnesiac. This track features a middle eastern sounding drum loops and slightly sinister vocals. Following this is Feral, a short percussion based instrumental that really feels like filler. The sixth track (and my personal favorite) is Lotus Flower. The song sounds like its heavily influenced by trip-hop and is incredibly soulful. The beat isn't bad either. Lotus Flower is followed by Codex, a moody piano piece that is honestly beautiful. But that beauty (at least for me) is topped in the next song, Give Up the Ghost. The vocals are quiet and full of incredible emotion, and the simplicity of the song helps to bring the mood of the song closer to the listener. The last track on here is Seperator. The track is based around a simple loop and slowly becomes more complicated as a bass and spidery guitar come in. This song also features my favorite line of the album (rather simple) in \\"wake me up\\". Overall, the album is definitely worth a few listens. Check it out.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|I was worried that this album wouldn't be so great but that is because the media tricked me. Gaga comes to terms with religion in a modern world all through the album. While it is drenched in 80s and 90s madness, it still manages to push ahead as a pop album that shamelessly commands you to dance the entire way through. Adele can sing to a harp with God, while Gaga takes on heavy metal in the lowest depths of hell. She sings her ASS off. And the hooks will haunt your dreams.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I ordered this DVD last month after hearing good things about it.  I wanted an alternative to going to the gym, since I don't have much time with working full-time and having a toddler.    I love this because I can do it in the morning while everyone's still asleep.  It only takes around 25 minutes, and you really feel like you've gotten a good workout.  I'm on level 3 now, and after a few weeks I see a difference, especially in my arms, legs & stomach.  Working on getting rid of the 'baby belly'.    Jillian is quite a motivator!  I love her comment, \\"When you feel like quitting, think about all the reasons you bought this DVD in the first place.\\"  That's when I start chanting, \\"Bikini! Bikini!! Bikini!!!\\"    I recommend this DVD, it's a great workout and costs you less than $10.  Much cheaper than the gym!
0670022411|5.0|As I sat under a dryer at a hair salon,I was intrigued by a review of \\" A Discovery of Witches\\" in People Magazine. I thought I wrote down the title on a scrap of paper but like many scraps of paper before it, it was not to be found.  Weeks later, I searched though several past issues of People at the hair salon, and managed to locate the issue and hence, the title.  My efforts paid off because it was an exciting read-one of those \\"can't put down the book\\", books!The author has managed to create a believable world in which vampires and witches inhabit the same world as human beings. Although it is yet another stab at the Romeo and Juliet tale, one had the feeling that it would not have the same ending for these two engaging, resilient creatures.There is action, romance and suspence. It is worthwhile to own this book, because it is first novel of a trilogy. I will re-read it before I read the sequel that will be published in 2012.
B0000ACY0Y|5.0|Love this album and the tunes remain timeless! The Demo version of No Other that they included on this release is Supreme with just the basic 5 players and Gene laying down an amazing jam! I had to do a video and you can view it on YouTube here: [...]  Love and miss ya Gene :)
0689865384|4.0|My 13 year old daughter read this in about 3 days. Every night after homework she had it in her hands. She thoroughly enjoyed it and wants me to read it now....And I am already being pressured to buy her the second one in the series! I highly recommend it.
1416550542|5.0|Such a lovely book .. I couldn't stop reading it.  The story is interesting, but the descriptions are compelling and draw you into the story with aplomb.
B004SBQAL0|1.0|Firstly, I've never read the book this film is based on.  I don't really care to.  If the book is like this film, even at its base level, then someone owes Shuster and Siegel some credit!<br /><br />I had no expectations for this film when I plopped down to watch it.  This may be a big part in why I didn't loathe but actually found some entertainment value.  The story is a mix of Superman, Dark City, V, The Matrix, X-Men, and a HUGE helping of Twilight.  Nothing in this film is original.  Nothing is really developed.  Nothing is mind blowing in the effects department or structure.  I know you might be wondering why I even gave the thing two stars, and I have to tell you that the reasons are pretty shallow.<br />WHY I ENJOYED MYSELF:<br />-The action was well paced and at moments thrilling despite offering nothing new in the narrative department.<br />-The cliche's and cribbing from other sources, filmed and written, became funny and fun at a certain point.  You've got your evil Dark City Aliens, your Terminator super alien, even the plot seems a lot like Smallville(the writers of the film also created that show...hmmmm).  The special effects, while good, aren't original or new.  The lead character has 'abilities' like any super hero who finds out they're super heroes while in high school.  There's even a goofy 'playing with my new powers' montage ala Spider-Man(which the writers of this film ghost wrote for and wrote a draft of the sequel's screenplay...hmmmm).<br />-The hunky and generically pretty young cast actually did a good job.  The romance between alien and human is fairly effective.  It's a lot better written and believable than the one in the Twilight Saga.<br />-It has creatures!!!!  Big ILM created monsters that battle other creatures and eat up people.  I'm a cheap date and wasn't expecting this aspect of the film and was happy for its inclusion.<br />-It's not dull, it's not smart or deep, but it moves fast.<br /><br />Okay, yeah all superficial, I know.  It's not a good movie, but one I caught on a good day.<br />WHAT IS NOT REALLY THAT GOOD ABOUT THE FILM:<br />-The premise invovles a secret race of aliens, who of course look human, hiding out on earth.  Why do they look human?  Are they just disguised as humans?  I don't know.  The film never bothers to let us in.  Their planet was distroyed by another group of aliens that look like a cross between the creatures in Dagon and the aliens in Dark City.  Why'd they destroy their home planet?  Don't know.  But our baddies want to take over earth, OF COURSE! Why?  Don't know again.  Our good aliens are here, specially chosen to protect earth from the bad ones.  Why?  AGAIN, I DON'T KNOW!  Gripe number one, and a gripe I have with most films of the last few years, MOVIES DON'T TELL CONTAINED STORIES ANYMORE!  This film wreaks of a 'pilot' film.  In otherwords, despite knowing whether it will make enough money to warrant a sequel, let alone a franchise, a bunch is left open for another film.  This was very disappointing when it happened in The Golden Compass, but that was a MUCH better movie.  I have nothing against making sequels or turning things into franchises.  It's been done before and it has worked before.  Just look how many Planet of the Apes films there are(personally think this series of films invented the movie franchise).  But instead of setting up a franchise, how about telling a full dramatic tale with room for a sequel.  Don't just not tell a story because you know you can tell more of it in a sequel.  ANNOYING.  Just think how much better paced Iron Man 2 would've been if they had just left out all of the Samuel L. Jackson stuff out.<br />-Secondly, but goes along with the first, we are introduced to a main character who has lost his father, his pops is missing and it ties into the film's main plot.  Never resolved.  Never even dramatized.  How did his father find out so much about the aliens?  Why would they kidnap him instead of killing him?  I DON'T KNOW!  Why is this a point of fact in the film if it GOES NOWHERE????<br />-Nothing original.  The costumes of the villains is typical movie villain crap.  Black on black with a black trench coat.  Even their weapons are boring call backs to Star Ship Troopers or even Star Wars for that matter.<br />-The romance while believable becomes pointless in the third act.  It succombs to mindless action set pieces that our female lead has nothing to do with and has no effect on.  Why is she there?<br />-NO MORE FRIGGIN' BULLIES IN MOVIES. EVER.  I am soooo sick of bullies in movies.  They are cartoons.  They serve no purpose beyond plot functions and cheap dramas.  This film of course has one and he is more snarky looking then actually intimadating.  I've had bullies in my life and I've rarely seen them act the way they do in movies.  If you're going to have a bully in your film, why not make him a CHARACTER.  Why is he a jerk.  Does he do anything else when he's not elaborately bullying our heroes?<br />-Our aliens, good or bad, seem to want to hide from us, but they don't seem to be trying very hard.  Doing supernatural things all over and in the front of folks.  Our villains look so funnily out of place EVERYWHERE, how could they be kept secret for ANY amount of time.<br />-The film starts out with our hero knowing he's an alien(through painful narration) but only finds out in the first act that he has super strength, mind powers, and nifty flash lights in his hands.  He's only mildly shocked by this and for some reason he knows how to use and perform with his NEW powers with ease.  We never see him discovering them in awe or fear.  They jus show up, and then he's super jumping and flash lighting things into the air like an old pro.<br />-NO MORE SHOTS OF LEADS OR VILLAINS WALKING CALMLY AWAY FROM SOMETHING EXPLODING IN THE BACKGROUND.  It's not cool anymore.  It's funny, because it been so over done and become a HUGE cliche'.  STOP.  Enough said.<br />-Finally, why why do the aliens turn to black dust when they are killed ala Buffy the Vampire Slayer?  Why does this happen?  Is it because all those dead alien bodies would pile up and cause SOMEONE to notice something strange is happening in the state of Denmark?  This is such a cheap way to cover that plot hole it annoys me.  It's also a convenient way to have people stab and blow up other living things in bloodless ways.  Wouldn't want to lose the coveted PG-13 and negate the brain dead tweens from getting their fix, now would we?<br /><br />I could go on more.  I really could.  This film is equal to a Sy-Fy Original Movie to me with better effects and a much bigger budget.  It made me smile for the wrong reasons and entertained me.  It's so obviously trying to be a new super hero franchise with a Twiligh-like romance thrown in for the girls.  It wants to please all and doesn't seem to want to attempt to be coherant.  Maybe the sequel will be coherant.  Of course modern movies don't have to be coherant anymore.  They'll all have sequels to anser some questions and muddle things up for the next sequel to explain, and so on, and so on, and so on......The mythology of this film is so murky that I just stopped caring and enjoyed the dumb thing on its own terms.  Plus, MONSTERS. Oh, the monsters.  My favorite laugh out loud moment in the film involves the climax's monster fight.  You see, the villains travel in a large truck containing three alien beasts.  Why?  Do they help?  It sure seems they would make it harder to hide from humans in long black trucks that jiggle and roar with monsters in the back.  Whatever.  Anyway, the creatures are released at the end, and our heroes dog, who started the film as a lizard but for some reason shape shifted into a beagle, transforms into a giant monster.  It fights one of the bad monsters in the school shower.  When our hero comes upon the creature it turns to the camera, basically to the audience as well, revealing its face.  It looks like amutant dog from the Hulk film, and I laughed out loud literally.  Why is this guardian creature here?  Why didn't it reveal itself to the protagonist earlier or at all?  Do the bad monsters have the ability to shape shift?  Who sent the monster to protect the kid?  Did the kid's human in the form of Timothy Olyphant, but really an alien also, know about the shape shifting dog monster? Did......DAMN!  I'm asking more questions that the film didn't answer!  Got to stop.<br /><br />Wait, I think I hate this move. ;)<br /><br />Blu ray is lame.  A short doc on this Austrailian actress and her martial arts training. YAWN. Some deleted scenes that hold no impact beyond have a scene where we meet a character's mother played by Karen Allen(Raider of the Lost Ark, Starman).  And we get some bloopers.  If the actors were more charismatic this might have been funny.  That's it.  Not that it matters.<br /><br />PS: The director of this film is DJ Caruso, who started off his major film career making the great and little seen The Salton Sea.  Hey, DJ, could you please justify your talent and get back to making films like that, pretty please???????  Why does this happen?  Is it because all those dead alien bodies would pile up and cause SOMEONE to notice something strange is happening in the state of Denmark?  This is such a cheap way to cover that plot hole it annoys me.  It's also a convenient way to have people stab and blow up other living things in bloodless ways.  Wouldn't want to lose the coveted PG-13 and negate the brain dead tweens from getting their fix, now would we?  I could go on more.  I really could.  This film is equal to a Sy-Fy Original Movie to me with better effects and a much bigger budget.  It made me smile for the wrong reasons and entertained me.  It's so obviously trying to be a new super hero franchise with a Twiligh-like romance thrown in for the girls.  It wants to please all and doesn't seem to want to attempt to be coherant.  Maybe the sequel will be coherant.  Of course modern movies don't have to be coherant anymore.  They'll all have sequels to anser some questions and muddle things up for the next sequel to explain, and so on, and so on, and so on......The mythology of this film is so murky that I just stopped caring and enjoyed the dumb thing on its own terms.  Plus, MONSTERS. Oh, the monsters.  My favorite laugh out loud moment in the film involves the climax's monster fight.  You see, the villains travel in a large truck containing three alien beasts.  Why?  Do they help?  It sure seems they would make it harder to hide from humans in long black trucks that jiggle and roar with monsters in the back.  Whatever.  Anyway, the creatures are released at the end, and our heroes dog, who started the film as a lizard but for some reason shape shifted into a beagle, transforms into a giant monster.  It fights one of the bad monsters in the school shower.  When our hero comes upon the creature it turns to the camera, basically to the audience as well, revealing its face.  It looks like a mutant dog from the Hulk film, and I laughed out loud literally.  Why is this guardian creature here?  Why didn't it reveal itself to the protagonist earlier or at all?  Do the bad monsters have the ability to shape shift?  Who sent the monster to protect the kid?  Did the kid's human in the form of Timothy Olyphant, but really an alien also, know about the shape shifting dog monster? Did......DAMN!  I'm asking more questions that the film didn't answer!  Got to stop.  Wait, I think I hate this move. ;)  Blu ray is lame.  A short doc on this Austrailian actress and her martial arts training. YAWN. Some deleted scenes that hold no impact beyond have a scene where we meet a character's mother played by Karen Allen(Raider of the Lost Ark, Starman).  And we get some bloopers.  If the actors were more charismatic this might have been funny.  That's it.  Not that it matters.  PS: The director of this film is DJ Caruso, who started off his major film career making the great and little seen The Salton Sea.  Hey, DJ, could you please justify your talent and get back to making films like that, pretty please??????
B00006JJ51|1.0|I spun this for the first time in 2008 and thought \\"man these raps are dated as hell\\".  I didn't want to rush to judgement so I waited to spin it again in 2010.  Basically, I'm done with this cd.  There is really no need to spin it ever again. I sold it back to second spin for 50 cents.  That is the most they would give me as the bargain bins are littered with copies of this cd.<br /><br />Where are the concerned parents of the late 80s that rushed in to claim this was vile music not suitable for children?  Gone.  They have moved on to other forms of culture they believe corrupt children (tv violence etc.).<br /><br />Forty-four music critics in 1989 gave nods to this cd in the 1989 Pazz & Jop Critics Poll.  Where are these critics now?  Are they tossing this gem of an album on their cd player when they get home from work in 2011?  No.<br /><br />If you want super dated raps and beats check this out.  I think on the entire cd I heard maybe 1 - 2 tracks that were decent.<br /><br />Some wag will say \\"ohh you are benefiting from the magic of hindsight to conclude this record sucks\\".  I agree. Hindsight is a useful tool for sussing out bad music.  Be leery of buying this cd.
B0040QYROK|5.0|I first \\"saw\\" Metropolis about 20 years ago when I was a student, and given the state of the film (90 min runtime) it was inscrutable.  So in 2008, when NPR reported that someone found almost all the pieces of Metropolis in Argentina, I never expected that (a) someone would actually pay big bucks to \\"restore\\" the film and (b) that I'd actually get to \\"see\\" it, in a theater, with live music accompaniment.  Both of these things happened.  Kino restored the film in what can only be described as the greatest labour of love, and the Seattle Film Festival folk organized a week long screening in 2010.  After \\"seeing\\" the restored film (the blu-ray on a very good digital projector) there was no way NOT to buy the blu-ray.  This is a movie for the ages.  The very simple opening message (the mediator between the head and the hands must be the heart) still holds true.<br /><br />Yes, we all know that the recently found parts are not as good quality (oddly cropped and much less contrasty) as the original material, but we also all know (or at least we should know) that one buys this blu-ray for the FILM not the quality of the print.  And this is a great movie, maybe one of the greatest movies of all time.  And it has been given the best restoration anyone could hope for.  And I for one do not plan to wait for another N >>1 years till somebody else finds another \\"more complete\\" Metropolis nitrate print in some abandoned vault in some ex-iron curtain country... I want to enjoy this treasure and share it with my young children now.
B0041KKYEM|2.0|Black Swan has an identity crisis. It is somewhat a drama crossed with a horror movie but when all is said and done it is just the psychological misfire in the brain of the lead character. That is not to say that Natalie Portman does not do a good job acting because she does. She has the acting chops to play mentally disturbed and no one can deny that. Just as Mila Kunis can play the sexy bad girl as opposed to her comedic and action roles she has been in over the last few years. The acting and emotion in the movie is great.<br /><br />So why only a 2? Well, the story is sort of boring and half way through I looked at my wife and said, \\"I bet she (Blanks) in the end.\\" As I expected, she does. The story sort of meanders on too long and boredom starts to catch up and overtake something that could have been innovation. The Director, Darren Aronofsky could have played up more of the visual effects to really make the story stand out but the visual effects are to few and far between so they just seem almost out of place. Once again, the movie has a huge identity crisis and it works against it.<br /><br />If you want to see it then check it out based on acting and cinematography but be prepared to be underwhelmed as far as the story goes.<br /><br />1 Star - Bad/ 2 Stars - underwhelming/ 3 Stars - Good/ 4 Stars - Very Good/ 5 Stars - Excellent
B002AFX52S|5.0|Hurrah for seeing double!  The kagemusha is almost as convincing as the great lord Takeda Shingen himself... or not... But this IS the entire story.  And what a great story it is too.  Yes the story telling style is inimitably Kurosawa, so expect some of the social customs to \\"appear\\" odd.  But even that is yet another aspect of the great theatricality in this movie.  The main characters are historically real people, part of the bloody 16th century Japanese history.  And technically the storyline follows very closely the actual historical events.  The booklet which accompanies the disk has a more detailed account of the historical period, as well as a number of the original drawings, costumes, set art etc (drawn by Kurosawa himself) used in the film.  The \\"extras\\" are a particularly worthwhile part of the disk. The story of how the film was almost NOT made is as interesting as the story of how the film was made.           The actual restoration and transfer to blu-ray is, as expected from Criterion, first rate.  Image and sound come together at a level of quality that would make Akira himself proud.  And he was not an easy man to work with.  All I can say is wow! And then say wow again!  Now go hunting for Ran.
B002QGUFWE|5.0|Before purchasing this album I had heard most of Lady Gaga's bigger hits- Pokerface, Bad Romance, Just Dance, etc. I was under the preconceived notion that she was just another blonde, manufactured pop artist (not that there's anything wrong with that).  But when I listened to this album, I instantly understood why she had such a following.  In addition to providing positive messages to her fans, Lady Gaga has true musical talent that shines through each track of The Fame Monster.  Her ballad \\"Speechless\\" is emotional and beautiful but she manages to switch into a more playful tone in songs like \\"Teeth.\\"  The Fame Monster (Deluxe Edition) is a great album for those of us who may not have bought her first CD since all of her songs are included.  If you listen to it, you will instantly understand why Lady Gaga has such a following of Little Monsters even if you may not be the biggest fan of \\"pop music.\\"  The only downside is that I wish the songs all came on one disc, however, that's the only flaw with this album.
B00127RAJY|4.0|This is an excellent workout. Definitely the best 20 minute workouts I've seen on DVD. One complaint it that it's not very compatible with Microsoft Media Player. It runs through like 10 minutes of junk (footage of the Biggest Loser, etc.) before the video gets started, and sometimes at the end of all that when I click on the workout it skips back to the beginning. Really frustrating. It works better in Windows Media Center, but still makes you go through the junk sometimes. This seems to be a problem with a lot of workout videos.     Bottom line, it will give you a solid workout in a short time, which is what I wanted. Definitely worth the money.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|\\"Born This Way\\" is an amazing album that combines traditional pop and dance music with jazz and light rock to create an interesting variety of songs.    Little Monsters will fall deeper in love with Mother Monster and skeptics will be won over by her musical acumen.  Even in the most \\"pop\\" style of song, Lady Gaga somehow provides an innovative element- whether it's her lyrics, a bridge, or a chorus. Though many of her songs are \\"pop\\" or \\"dance\\" in genre, they are vastly different from other manufactured pop songs.   My personal favorite track is \\"Edge of Glory\\" combines traditional pop with light rock and jazz for an interesting and exciting combination.  On every track, Lady Gaga's personality and emotions come through and you understand this album was a personal, special process to her.  Although some of Lady Gaga's lyrics may be perceived as controversial, the overall message the album sends is positive.  As she alludes to in \\"Hair\\" and \\"Born this Way\\"(song), Lady Gaga encourages her fans to stay true to who they are, have pride in their abilities, and foster love, understanding, and acceptance in their communities.  With this type of a message, musical talent, and generally fun songs, this is a great testament to Lady Gaga's abilities as an artist and musical icon.
0553386794|5.0|I wish I could remember what made me pick up Game of Thrones several years ago. I hadn't heard of the series, nor even of George RR Martin (all of which sounds crazy now).<br /><br />Reading this first book left me impressed. The kind of \\"impressed\\" that had me wide-eyed, slack-jawed, and purchasing all of the remaining books that very minute. This entire series is incredible.<br /><br />1.) The world is real. People are not good or evil, they're people. Some are cruel, others honorable, but none are perfect and none are invulnerable. When a main character you love gets into trouble, you'll really fear for their future.<br /><br />2.) At this point in the series (I'm writing this before 'Dragons has come out), there's not a great deal of magic. Many fantasy books turn me off because of all the magic, or the \\"rare\\" wizard character that flings fireballs every second chapter. This one doesn't do that at all. Consider this series (at this point) very low on magical content.<br /><br />3.) Be prepared for horrors. This world is often gruesome, unfair, and full of events that will make you uncomfortable. You will cry. You will rage. You will love. And you will feel loss.<br /><br />This book, and all those that have so far come after it, will be a part of my life forever. The characters and locations are as real to me as any I've known. In short, this is an experience you must not miss.
B003Q6D2B4|4.0|Fun, not too serious, \\"Retired, Extremely Dangerous\\". :)  You get to see some actors in unusual roles having some fun with toys and showing up the younger kids.  I didn't expect much, and it was fun, with a good ending.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I can't even express how brilliant this book and the two that come after it are.In each generation there are books that express that time and place and go on to be shared with the next generation.Among these books are The Lord of the Flies,Animal Farm,Farenheit 451 and others.I believe that this book will be entered into their number.The writing in this book is clear and precise...No extra words or phrases,no flowery language to disguise the meanings just bleak honest writing.  This is not a pretty book.It is not a book that you read to escape into a soft cloud of comfort.It is realistic and paints a dim view of the future but like Pandora's box inside at the end is Hope.
0670022411|5.0|If you're into science, you're going to find this book refreshingly original and interesting. If you're into magick, you're going to find this book refreshingly original and interesting.  If you're into Civil War biographies, you may want to find a different book to read, because this would not appeal to you.  That's all I'm saying.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|Great Album.  Took 24hrs to download completely but I have no issue with that at such a reduced price. .  People who complain about a slow download of 99 cent new release from a high selling artist are the same people who buy cheap airline tickets and are annoyed about no service.  You get what you pay for.If you love Gaga you'll love this.
B0051QIGP4|4.0|First I have to say Amazon is awesome and many thanks for this nice price for this album. I look forward to more specials like this. Amazon has always given me top-notched service. I don't feel it's fair to come down on Amazon for the problems with the first release of this album. It's a learning process and they were probably more surprised than anyone with the overwhelming response to this deal. Kudos to Amazon for following through and I did get my full album into my cloud account by the next day.  Second is Gaga's album. Good album and well worth the 99cents. I consider myself a somewhat Gaga fan and I still got this album, how could I pass it up? If you like more than one song, you've gotten your money's worth. I like several. And the timing was great; she was just on SNL and I think it was one of their best shows this season. So in short (too late), if you like just one of Gaga's previous songs, you like this album for the 99 cent price.
0307272702|3.0|Although this book makes a strong case of a low carb diet, it fails in the same way that it criticizes other such books and diets: lack of enough experimental basis.  It argues that the less input / more output model is not right and blames its paradigmatic accepted-by-all nature to the large investment that labs and authorities have made on it, that would preclude them to announce they all were wrong.  But the evidence presented in this book is not better, a large number of successful trials, no mention of unsuccesful ones.  Anyhow, it is worth reading and worth giving it a trie.  Who knows?, maybe this is the right one, after all.
1594744769|2.0|The author's concept is good and his photos well chosen but the execution of the story lacks. I was interested in Miss Peregrine's Home because I know artists working on blogs related to the concept (illustrating a story with vintage or random photos) and I was curious to see a finished book.  Riggs has definitely chosen visually striking art for his work, unfortunately the story feels half formed and the characters never come to life. As my tween reader said - \\"I feel like I have to keep going back and rereading to remember who is doing what and why they want to do it. I can't keep everyone straight. Maybe I just don't care.\\" She gave up on chapter three, I kept going but ultimately agreed.
B0041KKYEM|4.0|As an artist myself there is always that fine line of reality and perfection. While it was emotionally dark at times it is enlightening to see the creative mind and how it works.
B000QFW7UA|5.0|I'll try to be brief.    This is an amazing product, amazing content.    Not only the movie is great, a true classic from the 80s, but the extra features are really entertaining as well.    In this package, you'll get everything you need: an excelent movie, great bonus material with the original cast in present days, trailer, a 1985 making-of and, of course, the \\"Goonies R Good Enough\\" video by Cindy Lauper.    Also, the board game, storyboard and magazine reproductions are very interesting, creating a quite satisfying and fun experience. Believe me, there are lots and lots of information about the movie.    I'm really pleased with this product and recommend it: buy it without hesitation.
0385737955|5.0|Great story. Tough beginning. I found it tough at first to get into the characters and the story when there wasn't much known. The reader follows Thomas through his journey of finding out about the Glade and how it runs. The problem is, so much is held from him for a good chunk of the beginning that it took effort to keep reading. Because of this information held, the only two characters that developed were Chuck and Thomas.<br /><br />Once Thomas began to learn, Dashner hardly let the reader take a breath! After the eleventh chapter, I couldn't put the book down. It was fast-paced, gut-wrenching, and sometimes scary! There was so much happening, that I felt I was there, feeling the fear at night and waiting for dawn.<br /><br />With most thrillers, I can guess what is going to happen about halfway through the book. I had no idea what to foresee with The Maze Runner. Dashner kept the suspense up until the very last twist. I cannot wait to read The Scorch Trials!
B003UYUP58|5.0|If you are reading this, your body is made up of countless cells, organized for specific purposes. These living organisms when acting normally allow you to grow, to think, to digest food, to breathe, and otherwise do all that is required to make you a type of living thing.    Although these cells are small, they have genetic and molecular components which allow them to function. These cells are constantly splitting into exact copies of each other ( a process called mitosis). However sometimes things go horribly wrong and cells become damaged and then divide rapidly and then again and again. When this happens we call these cells cancer. This is a layman's look into the nether world of surgical, medical and genetic oncology. It is told by Dr.Siddhartha Mukherjee who explains in fascinating terms how this disease-cancer-was discovered and treated over the ages. You will meet the surgeons and radiologists who began to wage the war, the geneticists whose work in laboratories gave rise to miracle drugs. You will also meet the philanthropists who dared to publicize an illness that was considered shameful and the activists who pressured for the right to experimental care. Most importantly you will meet the patients whose strange journey towards death or resurrection is the focus of all of this attention and effort.    Mukherjee observes that medicine is storytelling-patients tell their symptoms to physicians, who tell them stories about treatment and realities, and publish papers when they learn something important or unexpected from their patients. Dr. Mukherjee himself is a glorious storyteller who makes the stories of genetic exploration and medical controversies come alive. It is a book for the healthy as well as the ill. It is the tale of struggle and failure but also of small and large and public and personal victories.
0385738757|4.0|If James created Thomas to reflect himself, then I would be honored to meet such a person in real life. With such a large heart and a will to do what's right by his friends and even foes, Thomas is by far my favorite of the many characters. Minho is a close runner up with his drive to lead such a beaten down group of boys.<br />I could not put this book down.  I relished every break at work and every moment to sit down and eat! While I thought The Maze Runner had a slow start, The Scorch Trials definitely took off from page one. James made sure you felt as though your were walking through the desert with those boys. The heat, the storm, the lightening. You felt every death and tried to provide hope to the boys from the pages that you desperately clung to. Horror, disgust, envy, hate, rage, fear, despair, hunger, joy, heartache...those are just a handful of the emotions thrown into the mix.<br />A second in a trilogy and a wonderful addition to an amazing adventure. I cannot wait until the last installment to see where their story ends.
B004MGMJ3E|3.0|There are some good songs on here, but it was simply mastered too loudly. It is painful for me to listen to at anything but very low volume. This is very discouraging to me because I like the way Panda Bear structures the sound. He just has to allow himself to use the full dynamic range available. Argh!
0156027321|5.0|I loved this because it was so different-so unique.  A great story of survival, the narrator maintains a humorous tone in the face of such a terrible predicament. Then there is the ending! I especially loved it because I wasn't sure about it. Martel created a story that is surprising, touching, and confusing, and definitely not predictable.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B004SURI5S Anabar's Run (Anabar Trilogy)]]<br />[[ASIN:B0050YYMQO Anabar Rises (Anabar Trilogy)]]
B0034G4P80|5.0|This film has everything you'd expect in a comic book film directed by Kenneth Branagh: style, humor, surprises, and a dash of low-key romance.  It uses its source to create a story rich in nuance and imagery.  Unlike Bryan Singer, who muted the X-Men's look, Branagh skillfully uses Marvel Comics' bright primary colors for a refined palette; and unlike Richard Donner, who rendered Superman cartoony, Branagh's Thor actually looks elegant.    As pretty grad student Jane Foster studies astronomical phenomena in rural New Mexico, an unexplained aurora dumps a man, seemingly unhurt, into an impact crater.  A \\"satellite\\" crashes nearby.  Apparently the man is Thor, god of thunder, exiled for arrogance and recklessness, and the satellite is his hammer, Mjolnir, which he can retrieve when he proves himself worthy.  But like all headstrong boys, he won't wait; he wants recognition NOW!    Back in Asgard, Thor's brother Loki engages in risky political maneuvers when his father Odin collapses.  As the only remaining heir, Loki claims Odin's throne; but he also enters a strange détente with Laufi, king of the Frost Giants.  Thor's comrades in arms, despairing of Loki's reason, seize the moment.  But these Norse legends' presence on Earth brings Jane Foster and the human race a whole new set of problems.    As the latest prequel to Marvel's upcoming Avengers movie, this film sets the stage well; but it also stands on its own.  Its soaring, majestic Asgard makes a remarkable setting for scenes of epic battle, while Thor's sojourn on Earth makes an interesting contrast: New Mexico appears blasted, leached of all color.  Branagh's SFX scenes integrate digital images into a gritty real-world setting without distracting, or making reality look dingy.    Though it's easy for critics like Anthony Lane to throw stones, Branagh makes a \\"mere\\" comic book film into art.  He presents a gripping story, complicated characters, a plausible quest, and a visual canvas that's just pleasing to look at.  I laughed at sudden, unexpected moments, and I cried, especially at the tension between Chris Hemsworth's Thor and Anthony Hopkins's Odin.  This is what a comic book film should accomplish.
B003B96AOW|5.0|I'm a huge Deadpool fan and this was a great figure to get. It's huge and while it makes a great display figure it is also a great collectors item. The legs are not as pose-able as they seem. Other reviewers express that to be the only minor dislike and I personally like posing my figures in different positions but I left this one in the Box.<br /><br />I suggest getting it, Deadpool fans will be nothing but pleased and everyone will be able to appreciate the level of detail this figure has.
B004Z2TUGE|3.0|I thought the story line was pretty original. I felt like it had a lot of potential to be a great movie, but it fell short with the villains. Good weekend watch, but not a \\"oh my goodness, i need to watch this\\" movie.
B003L77GH4|5.0|I came into this show curious but skeptical. I mean Nina Dobrev came from Degrassi the ultimate Canadian teen soap but I was pleasantly surprised. First her interaction with Ian Somerhalder when she is Katherine is brilliant. She captures the scene so beautifully its engrossing. Then the subtle change in posture, and her tone makes the characters totally distinct. Their are other gems like the promotion of Michael Trevino to series regular made for some great B stories. Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec are a great team.
B000JMLFLW|3.0|I give this an average rating for the poor editing. The font was fine, but there were so many typos. That said, it was the first Kindle book I ordered because this is my favorite book of all time. I love the book so much, I kept reading through the typos and that's not easy for me. It was free, however. I guess you get what you pay for, right?
B0051QIGP4|5.0|GaGa you are so great and this album is actually really good thank you for making it for the fans.
0596806027|4.0|This book has one of the best histories I have seen on how HTML5 has evolved.<br />If you don't care for that, you can just past the first few chapters and get a good start on HTML5.<br />It also goes into CS3 a little, since the two technologies are so interrelated.
B001AQT0OU|5.0|Have been looking forward to this film making its way to blu for some time.  Unfortunately, the mere fact that a film is presented on blu is not a guarantee of PQ and SQ.  The studio can mess up the transfer badly as was seen with the blu ray of Spartacus.    Reviews are coming out on the web and they are consistently praising the transfer done on this edition.  There has been some squawking over the AR of this blu ray.  But it turns out that this is really much ado about nothing.  For those interested, they can check out Robert Harris's comments here:   [...]  Looks like any fan of Kubrick should be rejoicing over this release.
0789723107|1.0|This book is good for a complete newbie to web development, but that's about it.<br />The principals therein were solid news for the time, but nowadays it's fairly obvious.<br />Chris
B004XQO90E|5.0|I had been waiting for Source Code to come out since I saw the first trailer.  Captain Colter Stevens is a helicopter pilot forced to relive the life of one Sean Fentress in order to catch a bomber.  The premise is pure genius and the repeating of the same scene is kept fresh by the characters and the small changes that occur.  Jake Gyllenhaal is a perfect fit for the main character.  He is great at confused and wonderful as sympathetic.  Michelle Monaghan is great playing off his character and Vera Farmiga is just terrific as she has to display multiple emotions with just her face.  Jeffrey Wright's character is the only one not fully fleshed out but the movie doesn't really focus on him.  Yes the ending might upset some people but it opens up a slew of questions (I've read so much stuff that people have written afterward) which is the hallmark of a good movie.  Everyone should see this, especially fans of Fringe and the Matrix.  I disagree with those who say it's like Groundhog day; it isn't.
B0037KMHRY|3.0|I love this soundtrack.  The music is great and the cd has been in my car for almost three weeks now.  The reason it is in my car almost exclusively is because this was issued on a black disk.  This disk will not play on my computer or my wife's laptop, despite having computer materials on the disk.  The music is wonderful, but I cannot give a 5 star rating when the disk will not play in half of the equipment that I own.
B004SBQAL0|3.0|I am number four is a so, so movie that suffers from an uninteresting female love interest and a plot that all to familiar.  Come on the high school trials and tribulations of a superhero has been done to death (remember superman and spiderman).  It would have been nice if this movie had taken a different approach.  Henri was one of the best characters and it would have been nice to have seen him take on the bad guys at little more.  He should have been even better than number 6 since he was a protector.  It will be interesting to see if we get a sequel.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|So glad I decided to download for .99¢ (really? Wow!.) Not a bad song on the list. Couple of faves already. You probably got more change in your car ash tray. Buy it!
B0051QIGP4|3.0|I didn't care for most of the songs, but there were a few I loved. I'm sure some of the other ones will grow on me in time.
B002T9H2LA|5.0|Quentin Tarantino's creates an artistic master work on a common canvas with \\"Inglorious Basterds.\\"<br />The plot is pure fantasy, written in two World War II sub-genres.  Like many of Tarantino's works, the film is one seemingly unrelated episode after another in the first half, and you're not surprised when the diverse plotlines finally converge in a blood-spattered finale.  So, if blood spattering is not you're thing you'll want to steer clear.  I personally can't stand films featuring violence for the sake of violence, but Tarantino always takes time to introduce character motivations so that you know why they kill, maim, etc.  I watched this film back to back with the French wolf movie \\"Brotherhood of the Wolf\\" and that stylish film became quite dull as characters killed and maimed for no apparent reason.  Tarantino, acknowledged as a master of dialogue, displays a deft and layered wit in his plot as well.  In many ways I was reminded of his circular masterpiece \\"Pulp Fiction\\" with its cast of over-the-top characters weaving in and out of each other's lives.<br /><br />Also like \\"Pulp Fiction\\", Basterds is told in Chapters (complete with screen markers and Chapter Titles).  In the opening Chapter Pierre LaPadite, a farmer in Nazi-Occupied France, is chopping wood when his daughters spy a caravan of Nazi vehicles headed toward them.  Monsieur LaPadite orders his daughters into the house as Col Hans Landa approaches.  Tarantino expertly builds tension: Col Landa (played by Christoph Waltz in an Oscar-winning role) is famed as \\"The Jew Hunter\\" and after LaPadite invites the Colonel inside the audience is shown that the Dreyfus family is hiding under the floorboards.<br /><br />In the second chapter we meet Brad Pitt as Lt Aldo Raine - a backwoods officer from Tennessee who has orders to assemble a crack team of Jewish soldiers eager to drop behind enemy lines and scalp Nazis.  This team form the title characters.<br /><br />Daniel Bruhl plays Pvt Fredrick Zoller - the \\"German Sgt York\\" who earned glory killing scores of enemies of the Reich from a bell-tower.  Nazi Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels has made \\"Pride of Nation\\" based on Zoller's heroic exploits, and the film careens toward a climax at the Paris premiere of \\"Pride of Nation\\", with Hitler, Goebbels and the rest of Germany's high council.  Pitt and the rest of his team have plans to interfere with that premiere, held at a cinema owned by Melanie Laurent, a French Jew who survived the murder of her family by Landa's soldiers four years earlier.<br /><br />This film oozes with QT's cinematic virtuosity.  He finds ways to quote not only American film-making icons like David O. Selznick, but also famed German film propagandists Riefenstahl and G.W. Pabst.  Tarantino veterans Samuel Jackson and Harvey Keitel appear only as voices: Jackson as narrator and Keitel as an American General speaking on the radio in a key late scene.  QT's beloved \\"Mexican Standoff\\" appears again in a set piece scene that begins in a French basement bar with drunken celebrating German soldiers playing a \\"who am I?\\" guessing game with famed German actress Bridget von Hammersmark (played by Diane Kruger), who is acting as a double-spy who hopes to spirit the \\"Basterds\\" into the premiere of \\"Pride of Nation.\\" Tarantino continues his foot fetish and affinity for nicknames: \\"The Jew Hunter\\", \\"Aldo the Apache.\\"  \\"The Jew Bear\\", one of Pitt's squad, is played by \\"Hostel\\" director Eli Roth: his Donny Donowitz is feared as a Golem from Hitler to the lowliest footsoldier - although the team is known for literally scalping their victims, the Bear is known for beating their skulls with a baseball bat. (Hey, I didn't say it was pretty...)  Til Schweiger, Germany's biggest movie star, takes a supporting role here as Sgt Hugo Stiglitz, a ferocious German soldier who joins Pitt's team after rescue from a military prison.<br /><br />It perhaps seems that I have given much away - but the joy of this film is seeing how the pieces fit together.  Tarantino makes certain that the pieces fit in a bloody, entertaining way.ino makes certain that the pieces fit in a bloody, entertaining way.
B004K4AUZW|4.0|Ok there seems to be ALOT of mixed reviews for BTW. I'd like to add my thoughts to the consumer who for some reason has not yet heard the album. I wanted to wait a few days to give it a few listens before i commented on the album. First let me say if you are looking for a pure pop album like Brittany or Beyonce' your honestly not gonna find it here. This album is more like a piece of art, and art has always allowed many interpretations of its meaning as does this album. In my opion there is some great pop music on this album \\"edge of Glory\\" \\"Electric Chapel\\" \\"Marry The Night\\" But there are also many songs that have morre of an edge to them. Some that require deep though behind the meaning (Dont always take every written word to be so literal) I think that Lady Gaga has taken what she has learned from her life what she has seen and what has influenced her (We've all heard the Madonna referances) but anyone who has grown up with a love for music in the past 20 years its hard NOT to be influenced by madonna, but i digress. But I think she has taken her love for music fashion and spirit and created a piece of art that like any art some will love and some will hate. Thats the amazing thing about creation and artistry it leaves everyone to have an opinion. But if u want to jsut dance this music is good for that also. But like i said if your looking for a full album of music you would hear on you local top 40 station this album may not be for you but if your open to musical experimentation and something that may not normally listen to but can appreciate diverse beats and everything from darl tehcno to brezzy bubble pop you should give this album a try. Some say they think this album was rushed I think a lot of it was written out of stream of conciousness and inspiration and what was truely being felt when the pen touched paper (or fingers touched laptop keys whatever) and I do consider this album a work of beautiful and soul filled art
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I got this for my 8 yr old son who loves Beatles.  I like the fact that it's got many popular hits in a single CD.  Sound quality is OK.
B004KSQN7C|1.0|I don`t know what to say... is too industrial and i don`t like Brit for this style....  Sounds like kesha + i don`t like the idea of singing songs writed by other people... probably just if you have a marvelous voice and don`t have writeing skils! Britney doesn`t have a marvelous voice at all!!! Lady Gaga is way better and she writes and co-procuces all her songs!! Just saying....
B0047Y17P2|1.0|I think not. Not buying.<br /><br />Until TradPubs get realistic with their ePub pricing they will see the cache of their stable writers sink in the mire of Greed. Sounds like this title isn't that hot - anyway - even split between fan(atics) and non-fan(atics)<br /><br />Advice?  Michael, Go Indie on your next title!
B004K4AUZW|5.0|I just love this album!!! I think it is the best album I ever heard in my whole life!! I wasn`t a Gaga fan, but now I certainly am!! I love this!! Goooooooddd work!!!! I finaly discovered Lady Gaga!! <3<3<3 :X:X:X
B002G1YPH0|5.0|I used this on my first build, so this is a total amateur review. For a newbie, the installation was a little tricky. And of course the instructions provided were not so great. I managed to find a video online that helped at lot, and several videos that were REALLY bad. But you can tell by the comments which one to look at. The first hurdle was the obvious realization that I had to remove the mount on the motherboard completely. Otherwise, it's just the universal nature of the cooler that provides questions as well as the low price. I also orientated the cooler in the wrong direction. Simple rookie mistakes! I learned of this from Hardwarerevolution and have absolutely no regrets.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|Couldn't put this down - I love that this very serious subject was told and approached with such an innocent perspective.
B004Q7E0TA|5.0|Portia's book is a wonderful read. Very enlightening, especially for someone like me who has no desire to be anorexic or bulimic AT ALL. Never thought about it and don't understand it. I love food and eating - all the social aspects of it and the delight of food to all the senses! Portia is a beautiful writer. Very clear, insightful, brutally honest. Shockingly so for an anorexic, who is so prone to lying. It is a great book for anyone struggling with being who they are. A great accompaniment to Lady Gaga's \\"Born This Way\\" - good luck to you, Portia, and thank you for your fearless honesty in this book! It's great! I highly recommend it to anyone!
B004K4AVAG|5.0|1. Marry the Night  2. Born this Way  3.Gov. Hooker  4. Judas  5.Scheibe  6.Bloody Mary  7.Heavy Metal Lover  8.The Edge of Glory    I love these songs on the first run. She is the best thing to the industry in a while. Come on MADONNA, I need you to come back and put this girl in her place!!
B002ZFQD0E|5.0|\\"The ArchAndroid\\" is perfect, and that's not a term I throw around lightly. It touches upon every conceivable genre and influence, yet it's perfectly balanced and cohesive and it never meanders. The album is composed as a solid whole (divided into two \\"suites\\") and not just a meager collection of tracks. Everything from classical, rap, folk, hard rock, indie rock, jazz, techno... \\"The ArchAndroid\\" has everything. I think there's even some Xenakis influence: about halfway through \\"BaBobByeYa,\\" you'll hear Xenakis-style twirling violins. Impressive! Clearly the people who produced-- or rather, composed-- this album know a lot about music. There isn't a single weak track on this album, although \\"Mushrooms & Roses\\" comes close.    Highly, highly recommended. There isn't a single person I wouldn't recommend this album to.
B00005JLD4|3.0|i didnt really buy this movie for the sake of entertainment. i bought it for a college assignment. the acting of this film is great but this is one of those films that you would watch on PBS and pretty much forget about it. i didnt like how the movie watered down the stolen generations era but it was based on a true story. if you are into these kind of films, than go ahead and buy it. but for me, it was something that i watch once and forget about.
B001NLKT60|4.0|With the Vanger family mystery solved and nicely wrapped up in the first book, the second book in the Millennium series, The Girl Who Played With Fire, takes on a mystery much closer to home. It more directly involves the two central characters that we grew to love in the first book -- Mikael Blomkvist and Lisbeth Salander. The author spends a lot of time in this novel developing these characters, particularly Lisbeth Salander. As the book progressed, I grew quite attached to this petite, tattooed, and pierced rebel outcast. Although I am nothing like her (as I have a distaste for violence, am better integrated into society, and don't care for piercings or tattoos), I related to her introversion and identified with her outsider status. I admired her fearlessness. When the author deliberately removed her point of view in the middle of the book, I discovered that I missed her. Her character development was the best thing about this book.<br /><br />Still, make no mistake; as much as I appreciated the character development of Lisbeth Salander, this book, like the first one, is primarily a plot-driven book. The first book has two speeds - very slow and very fast. This second book is much more evenly paced at about medium-fast. My interest in this book never waned from start to finish, but I never had the same intense page-flipping, holding your breath, gotta-know-what-happens-next experience that I had with the first book.<br /><br />It should be noted that even though the beginning of the book maintained my interest, the real mystery of the book doesn't present itself until about one-third of the way in. One-third is quite a lot to get through before you even understand the main premise of the book. Many of the introductory pages could have been edited out; they weren't bad just unnecessary.<br /><br />Any and all positive feelings that I had for this book were killed with an unbelievable plot twist at the end of the book. Without giving away any spoilers, let me just say that it is something that has been done before in other books, TV shows, and movies. Every time it is done, I am exasperated and I roll my eyes. I especially hated it in this book probably because of how much I was enjoying the book. I typically don't like elements that are not real and will only suspend my disbelief so far in novels. The plot twist probably would not bother most readers. But if you are like me and have issues with unrealistic elements in storytelling, then you might not care for the ending either.<br /><br />Because the ending was such a let down, I'm not sure about whether or not I will read the third book next. This indecision is surely unusual as the second book ends on a cliffhanger. I took a break in between the first and second book, so perhaps I will take a break between the second and third as well. I probably would not have been so affected if I hadn't enjoyed the rest of the book as much as I did.that has been done before in other books, TV shows, and movies. Every time it is done, I am exasperated and I roll my eyes. I especially hated it in this book probably because of how much I was enjoying the book. I typically don't like elements that are not real and will only suspend my disbelief so far in novels. The plot twist probably would not bother most readers. But if you are like me and have issues with unrealistic elements in storytelling, then you might not care for the ending either.    Because the ending was such a let down, I'm not sure about whether or not I will read the third book next. This indecision is surely unusual as the second book ends on a cliffhanger. I took a break in between the first and second book, so perhaps I will take a break between the second and third as well. I probably would not have been so affected if I hadn't enjoyed the rest of the book as much as I did.
B000LB7G00|5.0|I looked at this on line for quite a while, then I tried one a fellow student brought to a class. I searched out a local store and bought one the next day.It was money well spent. It was quick to learn and just worked with my software.    I use the Space Navigator with Solid Works.This thing will make a big difference if you spend a significant amount of time doing 3D design. It will save you bunches of mouse clicks and many seconds switching between this mode and that. It doesn't sound like much, but you will be surprised how much faster you work and how much more fluidly you can use the workspace.
B004SKHJF2|4.0|I will give 5 stars when the update is posted to this app store. Thanks for a great app! Have been able to ID several songs. :-)
B004G600A4|5.0|Tangled is suddenly an essential part of any Disney/Pixar library. Its uniqueness is in its realistic voice acting and the facial expressions of its characters, as well as in the fact that this princess lives the most sheltered life of any princess ever. Ironically, however, Rapunzel is the most human of all Disney princesses in how she behaves and in what she says. As well, the designers weren't shy about making fun action sequences without overloading the movie unnecessarily so. Some of the music could have used more depth and better melodies, but other than that, Tangled is an incredibly satisfying movie from start to finish, with humor for all ages and a cast that easily makes this movie a masterpiece.
B000SMWUPS|4.0|The product overall is great for strollers that don't have cup holders. I have a Combi stroller and it fits okay. It would be great if it had more straps or more flexibility on attaching it to the stroller. On the Combi stroller, it slides down a little too far for my taste, but overall I'm satisfied with the product.
B000094HMU|3.0|I read the previous reviews of this DVD and can't agree less.  This lavish production seems to me to be a monument to Zeffarelli and the Met to how much they can spend on a production and get away with it.  It is opulent and overblown.  There is so much unnecessary, fussy action on statge that it distracts from the singers.  The Chinese dragon prancing in the middle of the first act was distracting and incongruous.  It is as if Mr. Zeffarelli put in everything he could think of that was Chinese regardless of whether it was apt.  Everyone seems to be singing at top volume with no subtlety or grace.  I felt sorry for Paul Plishka having to waddle about like Attila the Teddy Bear.  Domingo is the only one in this cast who seems to redeem himself.  I like Eva Marton's work but amplifying her voice destroyed any beauty.  \\"In questa reggia\\" may as well have been spoken through a microphone.  Levine's conducting is superb but there has to be more than the orchestra to redeem a production.  I'm sorry I wasted my money purchasing this recording.
B0034KHFM4|5.0|Lady Gaga's detractors likely write off her many costumes and over-the-top artistry as ploys for attention, that she's just desperate for fame. At a glance, they may seem right. But if anyone takes a chance to delve into who exactly Lady Gaga is, they will be surprised to find a fully formed artist in complete control of her work, whose every action seems to have a carefully planned purpose.    The Fame Monster is a follow up to the smash debut The Fame, which spawned four top ten singles. This EP, set to bridge the gap between the debut and the next album, has been stated by Lady Gaga as a full-fledged album. Despite its brief 35 minute run, the group of songs does serve up a concise concept, fully examined and laid bare here.    The concept of The Fame Monster is fear. Each song represents a specific fear that Lady Gaga possesses, and as such, there is a very gothic atmosphere overlying it all. However, the songs are also injected with such hard-hitting dance beats that most of these cuts could be taken straight to the dance floor.    It all opens with the soaring 'Bad Romance'. It seems like a good enough pop song on first listen, but given a few spins, one begins to realize the epic rise of the two-part chorus and the intricacies of the four-part bridge. It's a pop song to end a decade with, just as Lady Gaga did.     Nothing can top the opening, though 'Alejandro' sure gives it a good shot. The almost whimsical opening carries through to a desperate chorus, tying back into tale of a woman torn between three lovers.    'Monster' is the most reminiscent of Gaga's earlier hits, with a spoken entrance filled with bleeping synths. This breaks to a pulsing stuttery bit, which opens to a deceivingly simple chorus. The bridge explodes into three parts, carrying the song to a powerful coda.    'Speechless', the sole ballad on the set, is the most raw song Gaga has recorded. Stripped to just piano in some spots, it has a very organic vibe that Gaga thrives on, given theright circumstance. The writing on this song is exceptional, some of the best Gaga has ever done.    The dance floor is where 'Dance in the Dark' is planted firmly at. With an almost cult-like spoken bridge, the whole thing rips along a dark synth sound that explodes in the right places and rides a massive hook all the way through.    The most commercial among the collection, 'Telephone' is almost too simple, seeming like just another pop song on first listen. Then, the layers begin to unravel, and it begins a full-out rave of synth-laden pop.    The melancholy 'So Happy I Could Die' is the darkest song among the bunch, though there's an overarching sense of fun to go along with it. This is the most straight-forward song on the set; what you hear the first time is what you get, though the song does blossom on repeated listen.    'Teeth' closes the album with a driving beat unlike anything Gaga has recorded. It's all very desperate and shameless, serving its purpose perfectly. The layered verses don't hurt, either.    The Fame may have launched her career, but this is the EP that will be remembered as the true beginning to Lady Gaga's career. It has been quite some time since an artist has not only had such grand aspirations, but managed to execute them so thoroughly. If The Fame Monster is any sign of where she's headed, Lady Gaga has a very long career ahead of her.
0061170623|5.0|I started to read this book decades ago, and was put off, more by its \\"nadsat\\" language than its violence. I never got very far into the book, and have avoided it since. But when the unabridged CD version fell into my hands, I gave it a second chance, and I'm glad I did. Hearing the book read by a skilled performer (Tom Hollander) gives the dialect context and meaning, and I began to understand the narrative of Alex quite easily. Soon the pidgin Russian nadsat lingo started running through my head after listening, and I enjoyed it.    More importantly, Anthony Burgess' underlying themes became clear - the ethical implications of mind manipulation, free choice, and maturity. The last theme, maturity, only arises in the final chapter, which was omitted from the original American edition of the book and was not present in the movie. For that reason, if no other, you should read or listen to the unexpurgated edition even if you've seen the movie. It holds the promise of redemption for even an evil villain like Alex.
B004BSEKH6|4.0|The field of successful female rappers has been sparse in the past several years, so one can't blame Nicki Minaj for all but stating that she's the second coming of the female rapper. After guest-starring on what seemed like countless radio songs, she had as much traction as necessary to launch her solo career. Pink Friday may not be the hardcore rap album that her mixtapes suggested that she could deliver, but it's a success for the sheer fact that it's all about building a foundation, which is what a debut album is meant for, after all.    The opener 'I'm The Best' is one of the most pop-sounding tracks, featuring lacy synths and some outright singing from Nicki. It's a solid track to start, but the one-two punch of 'Roman's Revenge' and 'Did It On'em'. On the former, Nicki is heard as a roaring dragon of a woman, exchanging verses with Eminem (in top form). The latter is a lazy drone of a song that exemplifies Nicki's personality and thrives on it.    No other song on the album comes close to the more pure hip-hop sound that these two tracks deliver, though that isn't necessarily a bad thing. It was an odd move making 'Your Love' and 'Right Thru Me', the two least rap-based songs on the album the first two singles. While commercially accessible, they don't showcase Nicki the way lead singles should. 'Dear Old Nicki' and 'Here I Am' are similarly rap-lite, though these two fare a bit better due to the more autobiographical nature of the former and the driving beat of the latter. Another song that features almost no rapping is 'Save Me', a naked ballad of a song that's planted almost right in the middle of the album. It's an odd place for the track, but it's a nicely vulnerable song nonetheless.    Nicki rapping tends to sound best when paired with other rappers. 'Moment 4 Life', featuring Drake, glides on a sense of melancholy, seeming almost apocalyptic in spots. 'Blazin' is the exact opposite, soaring with a euphoric beat; Kanye West drops a solid verse, which seems to only raise Nicki's game. When singers are featured, Nicki seems more ready to rap, but the tone of the songs are undeniably pop. 'Fly', featuring Rihanna, is an almost dark song, with Nicki rapping over a beat that almost seems prepped for the guest star. 'Last Chance' features Natasha Bedingfield, oddly enough, and actually sounds rather good with the peppy chorus and some solid raps from Nicki. Will.i.am, lost somewhere between rapper and singer, appears on 'Check It Out', the most poorly written song on the album but also one of the most fun.    Here it seems that Nicki took just enough chances to prove her legitimacy as a rapper, but it's unclear whether or not she's planning on continuing to lean in the pop direction or if she's going to move toward rap once her career is solidified. Either way, it seems that Nicki is sure of her bound success; it's rare that an artist emerges with such a clear image of who they are and want to be.
B004HO6HWA|3.0|compared to the orignal, it did ok, but it seemed to lack something. only reason I got it was Jason Statham was in it. his other movies where really good. bronson has nothing to worry about
B003Y3ZTGA|4.0|Katy Perry has worked rather hard to get where she is now. After the release of a Christian album that tanked, she attempted some singer-songwriter stylings on her debut album, 'One of the Boys'. The bits that didn't involve the singer-songwriter feel were the most successful, so she ditched that persona as well. Now, she just wants to be a pop princess. Four consecutive number one singles later, it seems that this will be a formula she is going to stick with.    The album opens with the effervescent title track, a blissful single that is one of the best of her career. It's difficult to compete with, but Katy manages to in the tracks that follow. TGIF is a bit mindless and kind of hollow, but fun nonetheless, while California Gurls is immediately arresting but can get a bit tiring. Both fit the summer mold perfectly, forming a soundtrack for clubs and beaches alike.    The partying continues with the uplifting anthem Firework, which shimmers with synths that burst to life on the chorus. Peacock comes off a bit desperate, but is so catchy that it matters nil. Katy goes for rock-pop on Circle the Drain, and its telling that this is the only point where she just fails. The repeated use of the f-bomb doesn't help her case, either, although she makes up for it with the thumping beat of lost love on The One That Got Away, the closest thing to a ballad so far.    E.T. leads the last part of the album with its chilly bleeps and retro-techno vibe. It's at once the best song here, although it doesn't necessarily fit well alongside California Gurls. Who Am I Living For? is a solid album cut, with its distorted opening and impassioned vocals. Pearl is another weak performance, serving as a half-baked Firework. Hummingbird Heartbeat is a bit too much like a cousin to the title track, but is all fun regardless. The album closes with the beautifully bare Not Like the Movies, the best ballad of Katy's career.    Katy delivers a solid pop album here, although she gives no signs of adistinctive persona, which will hurt her long term success. Now, though, there are plenty of single-worthy tracks to keep her in rotation until the release of her third album.
B002QEXN2K|5.0|John Mayer is wise beyond his years ... his lyrics have always amazed me and he does not disappoint with this release.
B004B4RCDE|3.0|Rihanna has served as one of the most intriguing artists of the 2000-2010 decade. After a pair of monster singles from her first two mediocre albums (Pon De Replay and SOS, respectively) as well as a few more hits from her second album, she released Good Girl Gone Bad. It was THE RECORD of its year, spawning not four or five hit singles, but EIGHT. Good Girl Gone Bad was the album to build a career from, but then there was personal fallout, and along came Rated R. A dark portrayal of domestic violence (or just violence in general), it was the most fascinating pop album of its year, and surprisingly enough, it was also incredibly GOOD.    So what now? Well, it seems that Rihanna goes back to where she started. Loud has the consistency of her first two albums with the sounds of Good Girl Gone Bad. There's plenty of single-worthy songs that will sound great on the radio, but at just eleven songs, this is really just a collection of could-be singles. If Rated R had never happened, if Rihanna had never shown that she can make a cohesive album that delves deep into not only her life but controversial subjects in general while also sounding exceptional doing so, Loud wouldn't be nearly as disappointing.    That said, there's a lot of fun to be had here. S&M can be slut-pop gold with just a few spins, while the more dance-based songs are some of the best Rihanna's done. The ballads are well-done; California King Bed is a solid power ballad, and Fading is a glistening breakup track. But then there's Raining Men, which sounds more like a demo then a fleshed out song, and Skin, which is glorified nightcap music.    Overall, Rihanna delivers some solid songs here. However, she has drifted from what made her such an interesting pop star, now settling for simple radio songs. Loud may just be a quick release made to keep Rihanna on the radio, or it may be the direction she is satisfied with taking her career. Here's hoping it's the former.
B003YUC9JI|4.0|You can't lose with Jackie Chan or, it turns out, with Jaden Smith. The remake of TKK is not The Seven Samurai or Chushingura, but it is good fun with great scenery. The fight and kata sequences are nicely choreographed and none of the wires ever show. The actors are likeable, and it was a nice gesture toward the late Pat Morita to rename Mr. Miyagi as Mr. Han.     This is a good-hearted movie with a commendable effort to teach lessons about the proper use of the marital arts and automobiles. The ending concerning the win-at-any-cost coach is an improvement over the original movie. I recommend this movie to viewers who enjoy, however momentarily, the pleasant belief that most students of the martial arts are seeking self-discipline and enlightment, rather than a way to surprise a bully.
B002MQYOFW|3.0|Purchasing this for my Kindle, looking forward to reading it. But basically it sounds like \\"The Running Man\\" for kids. Right? The reviewer is correct. There are no new plots. Stephen King did this one first.
142313494X|2.0|I figured I should give this one a try. Sure it's for a young audience, but I'm also a big Greek history buff.<br /><br />Hmmm. The voice is engaging, and it's certainly easy to read. The idea is great. The characters fine, not good but fine. The writing is stiff, and the plotting... oh the plotting is pretty awful. I really don't understand why it sold so well. Perhaps it's a vaguely educational angle?<br /><br />Percy himself is likable, although he is unrealistically brave in this just-go-for-it-because-I-know-as-protagonist-I'll-win way. The rest of the characters are pretty one dimensional, although they do fulfill the requisite positions.<br /><br />The flip style is good, but not exactly ground breaking, and the sentences are clunky.<br /><br />I'm a stickler for accuracy with regard to mythology. But mostly, that part isn't too bad. Sure he completely goofed Satyrs, as they are hybridized horse people, not related to goats (although they are partial to the beasts). And on a related note, Dionysus was lamely portrayed, missing out on any of the interesting nuances and dichotomies of the god. That's the name of the game for this book -- shy on nuance. Sure he throws in all sorts of figures from Greek myth, but very little of their subtle and interesting character is retained. But the modernized updates are sometimes fun. Even so, this wasn't my big problem with the book.<br /><br />The plot. The premise of modern day child of the gods is great. The overall arc of the plot is fine, that a war of the gods is brewing. It's just they way the main quest is actually architected. The middle 50% of the book consists of a series of encounters with monsters literally concatenated with nary a thought as to connection or relevance to the overall story. In fact, you could delete quite a few of them and never notice. This is always bad writing. If a scene can be deleted without incident, well then, it probably should've been. The overall taste we're left with is one of ludicrous coincidence, where everything just happens to the hero.<br /><br />Then we get to the end. Can we say cheesy melodrama. There's no real menace, or challenge. Things just kind of happen. Mostly the hero solves them by whipping out his sword disguised as a pen. It all works out. It didn't have to be this way. Harry Potter is much better plotted.<br /><br />Now I have to see the movie and compare. This may be a chore. I wonder if the series gets better, but I don't have the interest to find out.crous coincidence, where everything just happens to the hero.<br /><br />Then we get to the end. Can we say cheesy melodrama. There's no real menace, or challenge. Things just kind of happen. Mostly the hero solves them by whipping out his sword disguised as a pen. It all works out. It didn't have to be this way. Harry Potter is much better plotted.<br /><br />Now I have to see the movie and compare. This may be a chore. I wonder if the series gets better, but I don't have the interest to find out.
0312600844|2.0|I had high expectations for this novel, perhaps too high.  I have not read his earlier novel (\\"The Corrections\\"), although many of my friends gave it high marks.  But \\"Freedom\\" just isn't interesting to me.  As a writer myself, I think Mr. Franzen is more than capable of fleshing-out characters and has a good command of the language.  But why should I care about these characters?  And after about 1/3 of the way through, I'm still waiting for a sense of real conflict or at least an interesting plot to follow.      My time for reading (for pleasure) is limited these days.  So now that I'm at the point where it's time to fish or cut bait, I think I'll choose the latter.    Others might like this; but if it's all about the petty lives of middle-class white people, who cares?
0515149489|5.0|For those dog lovers adequately and pleasurably exposed to dog obedience training, this book is a delight from more than one aspect.  I could hardly put it down!  The principal manages to train the owner as well as the pup, AND her obedience methods are right on target.  Well researched, with excellent dialogue.  The plot, though done many times before by multiple authors, really gains reality with the four-footed characters.  Thoroughly enjoyable.
B0051QIGP4|4.0|Love Love Love Love Lady GaGa! Not every track is prime, but I'm already hooked on a number of them.<br /><br />Favorites:<br />Born this Way -  If this doesn't make you feel good, enroll in zombie school.<br />ScheiBe - Amazing!!! My personal fav of the album<br />Americano - Awesome..You'll love this one!<br />Highway Unicorn (Road to Love) - Another winner in my book.<br />Judas - intense, wonderful!<br />On the Edge - Clean \\"pop\\" GaGa, but pleasant nonetheless.<br /><br />These two are beginning to grow on me:<br />Heavy Metal Lover<br />Bloody Mary<br /><br />The rest, I can live without.<br /><br />Load up your music device of choice and head to the gym with this combo!
B004MKM8L8|4.0|I've watched all the Harry Potter flicks, and this is my least favored. In part, this one seems like a prelude to the next movie, rather than an independent chapter in the series. Not having read the books, this seemed a long-winded, detail-laden, unpleasant, and to some extent, pointless conflict among kids who had been fast friends for a half-dozen prior movies.    My wife, who has read the books, tells me that all this is necessary for the final movie, and herein I find my disappointment with the Potter movies. I believe that a movie should be it own creature, best suited to its medium, and not be slavishly bound to the source material. Clearly, these movies have been made to please the readers of the books. That makes a ton of money, but not necessarily the best movies possible.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|LOVE this series...had a Pacific Marathon and watched the whole show in a week!  Highly reccomend for all WWII enthusiasts.
0316098329|5.0|A voracious reader develops a tough skin. We find books that rise and fall in our eyes, as the story progresses. Often, we wade through less than satisfactory plots because we love to read and we wish to finish what we started.<br /><br />We have our favorite writers but, being mortal, they need time to get a new book to market. Meanwhile, we seek out new authors, hoping they will be a winner. It is often like panning for gold, hoping you find that one treasure. Yet, you know that you will find more pyrite than gold.<br /><br />Book reviews are essential to the reader's search. In a recent Amazon prowl of new fiction, I came across a very well-received novel from 2010 called  Room by Emma Donoghue.  I investigated it, secured it from the library and soon realized I had found the elusive gold nugget.  In my joy, I had to tell my readers.<br /><br />At the age of 19, a woman is kidnapped and held hostage in a shed in an 11×11 room. Her prison has a bed, bathroom, wardrobe, TV, clock, small skylight and a rudimentary kitchen. She is never allowed to leave. Her captor, Old  Nick, comes to visit her at night and, in time, a son, Jack is produced. The boy grows up in the prison and Ma and Jack do everything they can to live a normal life in captivity. Old Nick occasionally brings them food and the barest necessities.<br /><br />When Jack reaches the age of 5, having never seen Outside, Ma develops a plan to escape from her seven-year nightmare. Meanwhile, Jack is completely comfortable with the only world he has ever known.<br /><br />How would you describe the outside world to a child who has never seen it? He thinks the entire outside world is in TV and can't grasp that other humans live in reality.<br /><br />The plots opens a vista of questions. Will they escape? If so, what will become of them? Will Jack be able to adapt to Outside? Will they be separated?<br /><br />Donoghue writes in the voice of five-year old Jack and his observations of their world captivate the reader. Room is a disturbing, exciting and intellectually satisfying novel with a powerful eye for social commentary.<br /><br />Donoghue doesn't unveil Ma's past and how they came to be captives, except through hints in dialogue and through snippets of Jack's thoughts. In that respect, Room has a marvelous pacing and texture.<br /><br />Room is unforgettable and highly recommended.ly satisfying novel with a powerful eye for social commentary.    Donoghue doesn't unveil Ma's past and how they came to be captives, except through hints in dialogue and through snippets of Jack's thoughts. In that respect, Room has a marvelous pacing and texture.    Room is unforgettable and highly recommended.
0765365278|5.0|Once again Sanderson has created a rich world with excellent character development. The book has surpassed previous work and has the potential to be an epic series on par with some of the other key fantasy writers.
B004ZHW98U|5.0|When Thurston Moore makes a new solo album, it's only natural that it gets compared to his work in Sonic Youth. And when the album is quiet and subdued, it is even more natural to compare it to Murray Street and Sonic Nurse, which in my opinion are the two most laid back SY albums. This comparison becomes even more obvious to me when one of the tracks is named Orchard Street and has an opening riff that is a variation of the main riff from I Love You Golden Blue from Sonic Nurse; yet the main melody has more in common with Dirty Boots than any of the newer material.     Listening to Demolished Thoughts, it is very clear to me that while Thurston Moore can turn the volume down and be quiet and intimate, his artistic expression is so clear and focused that he doesn't stray very far from what he does in Sonic Youth. The main difference to me is that on this album, all the musical intricacies that sometimes drown and get lost in the sheer volume and noise are clear and to the forefront, and that makes this album a purely pleasurable listen. The tight space his music occupies sometimes feels roomy, yet as is the case in aforementioned Orchard Street, it builds and builds to the point where it doesn't seem like nothing else can fit - yet he and Beck finds room for one more musical thought in there.     For those who are attracted to Sonic Youth for the noise, this might very well not be an album worth purchasing. The same goes for those who like folk, as the instrumentation on this album can be deceptive - it is most certainly nothing like the new Fleet Foxes album. This is Thurston Moore - and we have heard some of these tendencies before, both on Trees Outside the Academy and on songs like Disconnection Notice and Stones with Sonic Youth. It is quiet and contemplative, but is is also at times very unsettling. While not perfect, it is close enough to warrant five stars. It is hard to pick favorites from this album, so preview every song - but don't expect to know the album after only one or two listens. This grows and grows on you, as any good album should.
0345529057|5.0|Love these books!  I'm winding up the second in the series now, and can't wait to see how everything resolves--or doesn't!  The HBO series was my introduction to the saga; couldn't wait to get my hands on the books when I learned of their existence.  If you're one of those readers who never wants the story to end, buy these.  Great price,too!
B0051QIGP4|1.0|UGH UGH UGH UGH! I love Lady Gaga I thought her last two albums were absolutely FANTASTIC. I don't know what she was thinking when she wrote this pile of garbage. I have listened to it several times and I just can't stand it. Thank goodness it was only $0.99 otherwise I would have been even more disappointed.     In fact I often found myself starting to sing Madonna songs as well as a few Depeche Mode songs when I first took a listen. I think this may be the end of Lady Gaga unless she can produce some amazing stuff like her last album quickly this just isn't going to cut it.     She has been doing a fairly good job of building herself a cult following but this album can surely change all of that. It lacks originality and during one song she can't think of anything to say so she literally goes la la la oh ah ah. I am not joking! There should have been a hook there or something. It is very apparent that she wrote this crap while what were her words... oh yes \\"I write all of my songs high on weed and smashed on whiskey\\" (or something very close to that direct quote).     Despite not being a fan of any of the new tracks she released on the radio prior to the album coming out I thought surely there has to be a few songs on the album that are true Lady Gaga style and what we (normal non monster) people have come to love about her. Nope nothing, whoever is in charge of her career must think she can hop on a mic sing twinkle twinkle little star and sell a million copies.     I have news for them this album is going to make everyone say where the hell did Lady Gaga go?!? It's time she takes off all the costumes and makeup, and give us back the amazing songs and originality that we all have come to love. If she keeps producing this crap her and all her monsters will soon cease to exist.
B003FVI2KQ|5.0|I've had this CPU for about a month now, cooled by a Corsair H50 which I got a combo discount with the 1090T; in retrospect, a Hyper 212+ probably would have been fine, although those things are pretty huge. The chip is in an MSI 870A-G54, paired with 2x2 GB of 1600MHz Corsair XMS3.<br /><br />Windows boots up in less than 30 seconds. Ubuntu starts up even faster. And I like being able to give Windows two cores when I run it in VirtualBox, and still have *four* cores left over.<br /><br />I can multi-task to an impressive degree; installing software, browsing the Web, and watching hi-def video all at once.The 1090T hardly bats an eye. In fact, I had to upgrade to a new hard drive just so that I could keep up with it!<br /><br />It's great at compressing large files, encrypting stuff, sorting large email inboxes and spreadsheets. Even when a program doesn't \\"see\\" multiple cores, Turbo Core makes sure that at least three cores are always running, and at 3.6 GHz.<br /><br />Despite all this, the 1090T can draw as little as 60 watts when idle -- about 10 watts on a per-core basis. It also doesn't get above 46 C and idles around 30 C (although this depends on what kind of cooling your computer has, and what the ambient temperature is).<br /><br />\\"Black Edition\\" means that the chip has an unlocked multiplier. The multiplier is a lot like the gears in a car engine. Being able to shift around gears gives you a a wider range of speed options.<br /><br />It might not be as fast as the current generation of Intel's \\"Core\\" chips, but it's still a ton of CPU -- probably even more than I need :p<br /><br />**Update, Feb 15 2012**: Still running strong. I can get a stable overclock of 4.0GHz if I increase the core voltage to 1.48. 3.8GHz requires only 1.40 volts, so the power needs scale up fast as you near the peak of the chip's capacity. This process also depends highly on what motherboard you have, some models and brands being better than others. And I wouldn't even attempt it if you don't have heatsinks on your voltage regulator modules (clustered around the CPU tray). You can buy those separately (I use \\"Enzotech MOS-C1 C1100 Forged Copper\\" heatsinks, which you can get at Amazon for about $20 right now, or at Newegg for $15 [which reminds me that I should review them here]).<br /><br />CPUs also vary in stability from batch to batch; one 1090T may OC to 4.2GHz, while another made the next day at the same fabrication plant can only manage 3.8, no matter what. 1.55 volts is the maximum you should go, either way. The H50 does an impressive cooling job, though I'd recommend the H60, which I understand is much quieter under load.red around the CPU tray). You can buy those separately (I use \\"Enzotech MOS-C1 C1100 Forged Copper\\" heatsinks, which you can get at Amazon for about $20 right now, or at Newegg for $15 [which reminds me that I should review them here]).  CPUs also vary in stability from batch to batch; one 1090T may OC to 4.2GHz, while another made the next day at the same fabrication plant can only manage 3.8, no matter what. 1.55 volts is the maximum you should go, either way. The H50 does an impressive cooling job, though I'd recommend the H60, which I understand is much quieter under load.
B004HUE57S|5.0|This mouse is excellent!  I have mild carpal tunnel, so first ordered the regular, wireless evoluent mouse, but it was too large for me.  I have large women's hands too, but still felt bulky.  This size is perfect!  It moves well and once you adjust to the buttons being on the side and lightening your grip on it, you won't hit the buttons accidentally.  It's light and I don't notice pain in my wrist anymore.  It is accurate for detailing as well and you don't have to pick it up and move it from time to time.  If your wrists are sore, give this a try and if you are a woman, definately order this size!  I wish I had bought it sooner!
B0001JXQDI|5.0|This is one of my favorite DVD-A recordings because it's both a fine recording that highlights the benefits of the DVD-A medium (even in stereo which is how I listen to it) and musically.  It's also one of my favorite Steely Dan albums. The price is competitive for an album of this quality and I believe it's a good choice for both music lovers and audiophiles.  Heartily recommended.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I would LOVE to own the Original Trilogy on blu ray!!!    Did you read what I said? I said \\"I would LOVE to own the Original Trilogy on blu ray!!!\\"    ORIGINAL! Not the \\"reimagined\\" (bastardized) versions of which I foolishly already own a copy of on DVD.    I just don't get it George... why not put a restored version of the original theatrical releases on the blu ray? You'd have more than enough space! I mean not that you need it in any way, but think of how much more money you could make off of this release than the sickening amount you already will be making!?! Shouldn't even have to make that argument. You should just give your fan's what they want. Plain and simple.    Even so... I will probably buy these... fool me once, shame on... yeah you get it.
1400031362|3.0|This is the 3rd McCall Smith book I have read. In this book the author expands our understanding of the support characters - the finance, the asst. and more informaton on Precious and the country of Botswana. This novel includes a little more political history (with some prejudice for the country) than the first two. However, unlike the other two novels, this one contains fewer detective stories.    If this is the first McCall Smith story you are thinking about, I recommend that you read the first two, especially \\"The No. 1 Ladiess' Detective Agency\\" first. Also if you are looking for a complex, \\"Sherlock\\" type story or a murder mystery with danger on every page or even a CSI type novel, - these novels are not it.  McCall Smith's strength is his short, down to earth tales of Africa with a no nonsense lady who capitalizes on her common sense and understanding of her people to solve the mysteries.   Also this book is a little heavier on moral commentary - how people should act and how the young people are not acting that way. It got a little too much for me, because the theme was repeated in various ways.  That being said, I still liked the book for a fast and humorous read and have already ordered two of the next books. My reasons are noted above and because I studied sociology in college - therefore I love stories that delve into family or social dynamics. These stories do that with good psychology and decent (though overdone) philosophy thrown in.
B0051QIGP4|4.0|I am not that big of a GaGa fan, but for the low price of 99 cents that it is being offered at, I figured why not.  I have been pleasantly surprised.  It is a solid album.  The reason I went four as opposed to five stars is that it really kind of feels like this album was made already, by Madonna, a long time ago.  It seems like she is trying to channel that into something of her own.  But to me, it all sounds kind of similar. In summation, well worth the purchase.<br /><br />P.S.  Cloud Complaints<br />It seems that all should be worked out.  Amazon customer service said that they are working on it as I type. Prior to this, I have never had any issues with the cloud.  Also, what's great about this is you have access to 20 GB of cloud storage when you purchase an album and this covers it.
1400052181|2.0|Great idea for a book, and the story behind it deserves to be told - just not a well put together book. The parts about Henrietta's life, what the cells were, and how they were used was very interesting. I didn't care for probably the entire second half of the book, which dragged on about Henrietta's descendants, and the author struggling to get information from them. I'm not interested in reading a book about an author trying to write a book.
B004132I20|5.0|I love the wit and the little touches such as glances, facial expressions and the perfect word choice.  Great show.
0756405890|5.0|As the title states, I wish I hadn't waited to read this book.  I heard about it when it first came out and put it on my list of books to buy.  There it sat until a few weeks ago when I finally ordered it.  When I finally opened it and started reading I was drawn in and had to force myself to put it down. Why?    *Spoiler free review - I will try not to include anything that touches on the story directly.*    The writing itself is crisp and clean.  There are no meandering, poorly written sentences (like my reviews).  The author uses words elegantly, concisely and clearly.  What this means is that, when your reading the story flows from scene to scene.  Good writing helps pull you into the story and world.  From a reader's standpoint it is important that what I am reading is not only interesting but pleasant to read.  And a poorly written scene, sentence or description can break the mood and remove me from the story.  Patrick Rothfuss has a strong command of language and syntax in his writing.  His word choice when describing a scene or a person is creative and elegant.    The story.  What story hasn't been written?  The story is one that has been told before.  But the way the story is told and the characters involved that make the story worth reading.  The story is engrossing. The protagonist is real, suffers real events good and bad that pull you into the story.  The world and the places within feel real, which is due to the way it written has much as what is written.  Book 1 is exactly that; the beginning.  This is obviously a story that that is full of life and needs more space than can be placed in one book.  It is a story in itself but one that is also setting the stage for what is to come with hints and feeling.    Perhaps the most compelling thing I can say is that now I have finished reading this book, I am ordering the next one and know I will be anxiously waiting for book 3.
B004EBUXSA|5.0|After buying many Dell pc's over the years, I was looking forward to finally building my own. Unfortunately just like a previous poster, my pretty blue box arrived with just the fan and no processor. I could swear the box was sealed and showed no sign of having been tampered with. Amazon provided a return label for the fan, but couldn't send a replacement chip, because they were out of stock. I've spent loads of money with Amazon and this is the first time anything has gone wrong. It's hard to point fingers without all the facts, but I think it's fair to say one of two things happened. Either the packer at Amazon should have noticed the missing chip, or the packer was responsible for removing the chip.    The good news is that Newegg had it in stock (at the same price) and is overnighting it. I hated to spend an extra $20 for next day, but I'm anxious to get it.    This will in no way change my high opinion of Amazon. They are a great company that provides terrific products and service.    Update: Now having used this CPU for a month, I can say it's fantastic! Low heat and VERY overclockable. Mine is perfectly stable at 4.6GHz on my Maximus iv motherboard. The recently installed Intel SSD 510 has been a great addition as well.    In regards to my receiving only the fan and no CPU on my first order, I probably was unfair in my finger pointing. I was very upset at the time. I have no idea what happened in my case, but I'm sure this has only happened in a very small number of cases, so not anything to worry about.
B000GW8RX4|5.0|I am a huge Dio fan and I'm blown away by most of his performance in this.  This is just classic.  It's mystical and amazing.  I consider this Dio's best era along with his early stint with Black Sabbath.  Ritchie Blackmore's soloing can get a bit long at times, but the songwriting is legendary and beautiful.
1439148953|3.0|There are two striking things about Colm Toibin's BROOKLYN and they are (1) a realistic perspective and (2) the simple pacing in the telling of the story.  First, this is not your typical tale of a down trodden immigrant coming to the United States and discovering that it is \\"the land of opportunity and freedom\\".  This book explores the more representational and pragmatic immigrant experience.  These newcomers to U.S. shores are divided into groups of people who shared a common cultural heritage, from their religious beliefs to the food they eat and who, because of their own inbred fears and prejudices, band together to ensure a kind of insular ethnic self-preservation.  Irish with Irish, Italians with Italians, Poles with Poles, Jews with Jews, blacks with blacks, etc. is the order of the day. (Surprisingly, not too much removed from what we see today).<br /><br />BROOKLYN follows the day to day life and experiences of Eilis Lacey, who at the prodding of her sister Rose, comes to America to seek a new life. This is not a life of glitz and glamour, but instead it follows Eilis as she goes to work at a local department store, attends school to learn accounting, interacts with her fellow lodgers at Mrs. Kehoe's all Irish boarding house, and highlights her lack of knowledge about anything occurring outside her small isolated realm. Some readers may find the lack of drama in Eilis's life tedious and uninteresting, but I found Toibin's ability to make the mundane interesting and absorbing a tribute to his ability as a writer.<br /><br />Some of Eilis's reactions to situations in her life put me very much in mind of Scarlett O'Hara in Gone With The Wind......and her famous \\"I'll think about that tomorrow\\" attitude. Like Scarlett,  Eilis is a reticent woman who tends to hold her cards \\"close to the vest\\" making it difficult for anyone to really know her.<br /><br />When a death in the family requires Eilis's return to Ireland where her \\"American ways\\" have made her appear more fascinating to and therefore more desirable, she is faced with a choice.  It's up to the reader to determine if she has made the right choice...or if, in fact, this decision is truly her final one.<br />3 ½ stars.<br /><br />P.S. - This would be a great vehicle for Nicole Kidman if she were just a tad younger.d therefore more desirable, she is faced with a choice.  It's up to the reader to determine if she has made the right choice...or if, in fact, this decision is truly her final one.   3 ½ stars.    P.S. - This would be a great vehicle for Nicole Kidman if she were just a tad younger.
0545157617|5.0|Stick Man is the ideal family man. He is a loving partner and father and will do anything to get back to his family tree where he lives with his Stick Lady Love and their stick children three.In beautiful illustrations and wonderful rhyming verse we live through the trials of stick man as he is thrown to a dog, thrown in the river, put in a swan's nest, washed up on a beach and used in more interesting ways.It will become a family favourite for those lucky enough to discover it.
B0031Y9DCS|5.0|The two most important men in my life have both served in combat.  That being said I have a real curiosity about what they had to go through in those situations.  Of all the books about soldiers, war and specifically Viet Nam - this book gave me an entirely different perspective on what these men went through and how it affected them.  It is well written and the detail sucks you into that place with the pilot.  GREAT READ!
B004K4AUZW|3.0|I absolutley love Gaga and this album! But, there is one small problem. A few of the songs are edited to bleep out curse words. Nowhere does it say that the album is edited so I was extremly dissapointed to turn it on and hear beeps!!! So, buyer beware!!!!
B002MAQSJ8|5.0|Twenty years on this book was an amazing insight for me into the 1980s era business culture. Written in a broad enough fashion, it avoided excessive details or jargon prone to so many business books. Also, while obviously portraying some actors in a less positive light, it was fairly neutral and evenhanded in its presentation. A great read for anyone interested in the workings of corporate America.
B001PJRAUS|4.0|Hilarious for those out there looking for a fun, slightly off color twist on Jane Austen's classic.  If you can't get enough of Pride and Prejudice, this is a must see for you.  There is a few particularly amazing references to the BBC version, as well, that made me laugh out loud.  You'll know them when you see them.  Enjoy!
B00275EGWY|2.0|Personally I thought the movie was not very realistic and drawn out.  I didn't find it particularly engaging.  Based on reviews, I expected it to be much better.     It is ironic that the film is getting so much notoriety now due to the BitTorrent lawsuit.  My guess is that there are some sour grapes there from the producer having a film that was critically acclaimed but a flop in the box office.  I can think of some others that fall into the same category.  Get over it Voltage.  Personally I don't condone or use BitTorrent, but I think Voltage needs to go down in the annals of failed companies given that they can't accept a lackluster film's performance and, instead, believe it is someone else's fault.    If you want a thriller look elsewhere.  Several other genres do that much better.  If you are looking for accuracy, then definitely go elsewhere.   If you want OK entertainment then the movie will accomplish that.
1608870081|5.0|This book is beautiful.  The quality of the pictures and all of the pop-ups and extras are excellent.    My kids were fighting over who got to read it first, who got to take it to school and who got to keep it in their room.  All this over a book??  Yep.    If a book can create that much excitement, it's fantastic.
B004NSULHM|4.0|When Radiohead released \\"Kid A\\" a decade ago, the band basically completely abandoned conventional songwriting and melody. It seems like this album divided their fans, some of whom embraced their new, revolutionary approach to music making, and some of whom saw \\"OK Computer\\" as the pinnacle of the group's work, and everything after as a series of interesting, but inferior, experiments.<br /><br />With every album since \\"Kid A\\" the band seems to have been walking a fine line: sometimes releasing music with more semblance of conventional song structure (\\"Hail to the Thief\\") and sometimes just completely delving into intuitive, haunting abstraction. \\"The King of Limbs\\" tends toward the later category.<br /><br />I guess you either dig it or you don't. I dig it. A review I read called this Radiohead's \\"beat\\" album, but I think the songs are led less by \\"beats\\" per se than by textures. The album; short, streamlined, melancholy, haunting, and mellow, reminds me of a more fully fleshed out version of Thom York's (excellent) solo album \\"The Eraser.\\"
B002VRZEYM|5.0|A wonderful look inside a huge industry. The movie probably won't gross you out, but it should make you think about what goes into you mouth to give you energy and life. The food you and your children eat is very important and you owe it to yourself to make wise choices. Watch this movie!
B0036S4C6G|1.0|I was excited to get this book. All the hype. The awards. The future TV deal. Thought it would be perfect for my upcoming 7 hour flight. Then I read the first three chapters. OK, it's a slow starter. Maybe it will build into something more interesting later on. Then she kept introducing more characters and changing from first person to third person then back. I got lost and didn't know who I was reading about nor did I care. I'm sorry, but I found this to be a complete mess. I put it down and was more entertained by the Sky Mall magazine. Congrats on the Pulitzer, but buyer beware, there are a lot of Best Picture Oscar winners out there that are confusing and boring as well.  I just didn't get it. Maybe you will.
0375507256|3.0|I'm a big fan of Ghostwritten and Number9Dream. This one features more of Mitchell's ornate, portent-heavy writing. Mitchell does inhabit each of the multiple voices very well, and the individual stories (some of them, at least), are fascinating. But there's never a payoff-- it never really comes together.    I expected the end to bring a shocking revelation or twist or at least something to tie it all together, but there's not-- Making the \\"interlocking\\" narratives more of a game of \\"spot the reference\\" than a literary achievement. The writing, as always from Mitchell, is very good-- though he does run into some cliches here-- but unlike with his other books I've read, this one in retrospect doesn't seem worth the time and effort.     If you're interested in this type of writing-- apocalyptic, multiple narratives, time-bending twists-- I highly recommend the work of Steve Erickson, especially [[ASIN:0091782775 Arc D X]].
0061906220|5.0|My almost 2 year old granddaughter loves this book and not only sings Pete's songs, but says the words along with me as I read it.  It is simply a fun book to read.
B003HFFVEA|4.0|****1/2<br /><br />Of all the major electronic music acts that emerged in the 90's, the Chemical Brothers are a rare example of one who has been able to remain both vital and true to its roots throughout the years. Other bands have either traded in experimental electronica for a more conventional band sound (UNKLE, Primal Scream), or a more pop/dance sound (Underworld) or just given up completely.<br /><br />\\"Further\\" is further evidence of the Chemical Brothers' ability to both experiment and maintain a somewhat signature sound. Over the years, they've blended their trademark liquidy psychadelia with a variety of genres (hip-hop, tribal, rock, etc.) and guest vocalists. But \\"Further\\" is perhaps their least diverse, most streamlined album ... and yet one of their most successful.<br /><br />\\"Further\\" takes the viewer on a unified sonic voyage, and at times flies so high that you wonder if this is the Chems' version of a gospel album. The first track, \\"Snow\\", is less a song than a preparation for take-off, after which an androgynous voice proclaims \\"Your love keeps lifting me ... lifting me higher\\". It's clear that this song is about universal, not romantic, love, and this theme continuous throughout the album. On my favorite track, \\"Swoon\\", the simple mantra \\"Just remember to fall in love ... there's nothing else, there's nothing else\\" repeats over swirling sounds, and again it's clear that this is not a plea for the listener to crush on a person, but rather to fall in love with as much of life as you can. Toward the end of the album, a wise, yet non-human sounding, voice advices to \\"take care of your sisters and your brothers ... they need you.\\"<br /><br />When \\"Further\\" is over, you feel like you've been somewhere ... somewhere beautiful, strange, and inspiring.
B00005AAFS|5.0|Mutter is probably the most representative Rammstein album of them all. I have all of their CD's and DVD's available in the states, and this album is almost a greatest hits album all by itself. Aside from Du Hast, all of their most popular songs in the states are on this album. If you're just starting your Rammstein collection, this is a great place to start, but don't stop at this one. Rammstein has proven that they know how to make great music again and again. Perhaps the best metal/industrial band EVER!!!
B0051QIGP4|1.0|Okay, it's not fair to rate an album 1 star because of Amazon.  However, since I can't download my purchase...again, I'll have to assume the album is a stinker.  Amazon MP3 service is totally useless on a Mac.  The downloader rarely works.  I'll chalk this purchase up to another reminder to not buy from Amazon MP3.  The rest of Amazon is great but the music service is a huge FAIL.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|It's not \\"The Fame part 2\\", it's an evolution.  Many 10/10 moments, more consistent than her previous work... A lot of 80's and 90's influences, Gaga uses different styles and shows new sides to her voice.  It's dark and fun at the same time. Best pop record of the year (at least so far).
1400034779|5.0|This is an interesting series by Alexander McCall Smith.  WPSU actually sat down and got to talk with him about his writing and how he personally relates.  He also talks about how he interacts with his fans and how they feel about the series.  If you like this book you should definitely check out this conversation with Alexander McCall Smith [...]
1423389387|5.0|I will preface this by saying that Ialmost gave it four stars but for the fact that this is the first of Patrick Rothfuss' books I have read/heard and that is my fault, not the author's. The story of course refers back to events from the first novel which left me a little lost but not too much so.  Overall I like this novel very much, in spite of some hesitancy at committing over forty hours to listening.  I found after the first few chapters that I felt compelled to listen rather than doing something else as the narrative ran. (like cleaning/organizing my office, dusting my bookshelves, etc.) The story is captivating, holding my interest throughout.  The narrator, Nick Podehl has a beautiful speaking voice, clear and pleasant to listen to.  The only difficulty I had with the narration was with names at times which sounded different at various times.  It wasn't clear to me if the name of one character was Bast or Vast, Bella, Vella or Fella.  It would in this case have been nice to have a list of characters names listed somewhere I suppose, for those like me who pay especial attention to names.   I do wish I had gotten the first novel and read it but......        Ten years ago I faced the possibility of total blindness and  entered the world of audio books, not relishing giving up one of my great passions. The cassettes at that time soon turned out to be a real pain and I decided to forgo those in favor of the written word for as long as I could still see. On seeing this novel presented in audio format, I decided to once again give it a try. I am pleased to see that the newer audio books are on a CD format, able to be listened to on a pc or stereo.  This made for a much easier time of it for me for which I am grateful. Very nice packaging and presentation of the novel. Very pleased overall with the entire book and narrative. I will still likely buy the novel in written form but this was very well done.
B002P7UCMC|5.0|After Rosenrot came out, I was really worried about Rammstein. Their first four albums before the stinker Rosenrot kicked some serious butt!!!!! After listening to this album, you can tell that they learned from trying to push something out too quickly and not only did they get back to their hard, heavy rift roots, they took it to the next level on this one. With songs like Weidmann's Heil, Ich Tu Die Weh, and really the whole album they completely restored my beleif that they are one of the best metal bands of ALL TIME bar none. If you're familiar with Rammstein, buy this album. If you've never heard Rammstein before, but love great metal, buy two because you'll melt one from listening to it constantly.
B0002KQNZO|5.0|This album was my introduction to Art Blakey, and that sets a mighty high bar! Barely a minute into the first track, my jaw dropped -- how could that possibly be just one drummer?!? And it was clear that his fellow musicians, all remarkably skilled & innovative, were doing their damnedest to match him. And it just continued to get better as it went along.<br /><br />Well ... how much more can I add after that? Simply that this recording probably has enough energy to power a large city for decades, with plenty left to spare. Yet it never meanders or disintegrates into empty noodling or jamming; the control & direction are just as strong as the improvisation. And the more I listen to it, the more subtlety I find. There always seems to be something new & exciting going on with every spin of the disc. A few minutes of this album could bring you out of the world's deepest coma -- most highly recommended!
B0051QO4QY|5.0|Compare to The Fame and The Fame Monster, \\"Born This Way\\" Is a heavy Duty with lots of Rock element in every songs. Personally, I think GaGa just move to another level with this album. I'm sure people gonna be shocked because it's kinda new for Pop Mainstream music, specially with pure Pop music fans. As for me, I love this album because it's very hard, tough, deep, and wild. From head to toe, GaGa shocks people with Marry the Night with a surprising ending. Government Hooker, Americano, Bloody Mary, Sheisse, Hair, You n I, Heavy Metal Lover are all my favorite. with Edge of Glory, she ends the album with a happy ending, it's very emotional and happy, I feel like she's holding my hands and claim to a mountain, which named \\"Glory\\". LOVE THIS ALBUM!
B004K4AUZW|3.0|I just recently bought this album and have only listened through it once and am working on my second take but one thing is nagging me about this piece. Gaga seems to be dropping a lot of biblical lexicon in her second album. Not sure if it's a good or bad thing or what exactly she's going for by doing so. Proclaiming that she's still a Christian despite her zaniness (I don't know if she actually is)? Shaking a vocal fist at religion? Trying to yet another stunt for attention whether it be postive or not? Only she really knows. Either way, let it be known that half the songs have at least a thin veil of a religious overtone to them.<br /><br />Over all the album did not disappoint since she's not really a lyrical master to begin with. So don't buy this thinking her writing skills have improved beyond that Fame Monster. If anything they have been turned down a few notches.<br /><br />Anyway, the bottom line is that the album does have its catchy songs but the religious feel coupled with sexual slang might make you uneasy. Don't look into it too hard or you'll fall flat on your face. It's what she might have been planning with this one the whole time.
B0033DQGW2|4.0|I always enjoy reading Dan Brown's books - his style of writing shows a deep perception of the subject matter and knowledge of the minute details. Very enjoyable.
B0051QIGP4|4.0|You cant go wrong for a buck. The album took about two days to grow on me. Its a slightly diffrent sound, but give it a chance its pretty good. :)
B001RLP862|5.0|I recently got bicycle Duraflex cards and mines are made in spain by Fournier and not China. So quality will greatly depend on make.   I have KEM cards and the Fournier's seem to be of exceptional quality.
B003Y74KAW|4.0|There is not a whole lot to say one way or the other about AmazonBasics case.  It is exactly how it looks, a very simple silicone case which covers up your phone and protects it from basic drops.  Buttons are carved out from the case, but oddly, there is also a hole carved out for the Apple logo to show through.  Are people really this vain and silly?  I would prefer more protection.<br /><br />It fits the phone nice and snug and is easy to hold.  If you are just looking for protection, you could do a lot worse.
B004W5T2RG|2.0|Gwynyth Paltrow is lovely to look at, but this is a painfully pathetic role to pull off. Your husband isn't so in love with your anymore and he's eyeing other lasses, and your lover cheats on you, too. And so you fall apart and get drunk over and over again. Who cares! I couldn't even finish the movie. Garrett Hedlund is a GREAT new actor but I lost interest in him once his character degenerated.
B0051QIGP4|1.0|The best review of this latest totally unoriginal piece of garbage is \\"the most litigation ready song ever released\\" - come on - it's a total Madonna rip-off. Can GaGa or GooGoo (or whatever her kindergarten moniker is) do ANYTHING original? She steals from every disco era singer - yes, disco. Madonna, Donna Summer - you name it. Lyrics, melody, and with this steaming pile, the actual music.
B00008PW3Q|4.0|When I think of Fleetwood Mac, I think of Stevie Nicks.  She's what I love most, followed by Lindsey Buckingham.  You get a full dose of each on this album.  The fact that Christie is not a part of this, is actually a plus for me.  While a good songwriter, her vocals just make me wish Stevie had done it.  For me personally, Christie should just be used for backing vocals and harmonies.  No Christie means more Stevie, which to me is a wonderful thing.    While I don't love every song on this album (some are actually crappy), I REALLY like enough of the tracks to give it a solid 4 stars.  Considering I REALLY like at least 12 songs (which is a full album per se), I almost considered giving it 5 stars.  I figure anything beyond 12 songs is just a bonus.  But if I judge the whole body of work, I feel comfortable with rating of 4 stars.    I've had this album for years, and listen to it periodically, so this is an evaluation that is NOT a knee-jerk reaction.  I feel that the people who gave this a 1-star rating went in with very high expectations, and expected a reaction right away, that they did not receive, and dismissed the album.  There is some good stuff on this album, if you allow repeat listens to allow the music to marinade, settle, and properly digest.  My expectations were not particularly high going in, but since I love Stevie, I thought I would take a chance.  After so many years apart, you just don't know what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised.
B004DI7HZ6|4.0|I thought this book was great...a little slow at times, but all in all, it was fun to read. Can't wait for the sequel, if there will be one!
0312600844|1.0|I read a variety of books, both fiction and non-fiction and this has got to be one of the worst books i've read this year so far. (May I add that Franzen's collection of essays, How to be Alone was included in last year's list. Starting now I am going to stay away from whatever he writes). The plot is tedious, there is this \\"preachy\\" and pretentious tone throughout the book (which, by the way, also appears in his essays). I did not know that this was chosen for Oprah's book club. Had I known, I would have avoided it but I didn't suspect for a second because it got such glowing reviews from the NY Times and The Economist. I can only guess that it was the publicity machine at work..? (It has gotten more one star reviews than five stars on Amazon..which makes me wonder if the book reviewers are totally out of touch with the reading public or the pubic is just too dumb to get the nuanced geniusness of this novel.)  Freedom may be interesting if  you're into Franzen the author's babbling about politics but if you want literature, this is not for you. (I am not against portraying political ideas in novels per se, but the way it's done here feels so contrived...Comparing this to Dickens or Tolstoy or Mann is an offense to serious literature lovers)
B000SW4DLM|1.0|I don't know why this is on the top of every greatest sci-fi films list. It is a very slow, dark, and old movie. Barely made it through. Would not watch again.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|I hate this thing! Every damn morning with the beeping. It is freakin relentless. The snooze button is a bit easy to accidently hit, and the dismiss button is tiny (NOT easy to accidenly hit) hasn't let me oversleep yet. A lot like ageye galarm (winmo) so if you liked that then this is for you!
B004GYY714|3.0|app seems good but the two most popular stations in Austin, TX are not available.  Was hoping for something better than that junky I heart radio but this isn't it.
B0051QIGP4|3.0|Lots of thumping beat to techno pop background music.  Can't say I like Gaga trying to Rap, her singing voice is OK  Should be OK in my convertible going down the freeway with the top down.  Thump Thump Thump ...  For 99 cents I feel like I got my money's worth.
B003L0VJF6|5.0|This DVD offers a stunning musical experience that will take your breath away. It is a first for me to hear the same musician perform a violin and a piano concerto in one night. Something could have gone wrong, but nothing does. Julia Fischer, seems a measured (and charming) performer during her interview, but on stage she is unbelievably dramatic, exciting, and so positive you have the impression she is also conducting the orchestra! Thrilling performance of the Saint-Saens No 3 Violin concerto, but unbelievably, just as good--or even better--in the \\"heavier\\" musical material of the Greig Piano concerto. This double musical event lasts about 100 minutes total playing time, but not a minute is gone without notice. DVD (and blu-ray) progressively offer better sound, often equal to that of a CD--and who would not like to SEE, as well as hear a performance! Needless to say, good audio and video equipment will enhance such pleasures.
0670022411|1.0|Agree with many others...terrible, predictable, and boring.  It took forever to get to the point (if there was one)then...nothing. The characters were sooo flat and if they had all been killed at page 200, I would have been okay with that. I am an omnivorous reader and love a mystery or supernatural slant but this was so poorly done that it was frustrating instead of fascinating.
B004HGBUVG|4.0|I'm a huge fan, and thought after I read all the glowing reviews that this CD would rock my socks off- and it didn't. Okay, so it was well-written and well-produced, but as \\"just a fan\\" I didn't really feel it.
B0000009SM|5.0|Look, I'm not going to sugar coat this.  If you LOVE music, if you CRAVE flamb'e vocals, if you HAVE a sense of humor, then you NEED this album.  All the pieces come together big time here.  Cohesive, fluid, polished, multi-textured, inspired, fresh, this is a sublime addiction.  These Musical Mothers are proof of Camelot in Cucamonga.  All the prior albums hinted at this, and everything after must be held up against this.  Not just an essential Zappa album, the totality of it's perfection renders it immune to duplication; pure gravy, hold the lumps. Kick back on the Divan, put on the best headphones you can find, and let old Frank touch your mind in places you didn't know you had.  In no time you'll be back, jonesing for more.
B000MG1ZGA|5.0|The owner of a local CD store told me that guys aged 15-25 are discovering 1970s music. In this guy's store, bands like Led Zeppelin and Pink Floyd outsell most new bands. There seems to be some real truth in this store owner's comments. I grew up in the 1970s and my friends' teenaged sons and their friends are regularly asking me for recommendations of 1970s music.<br /><br />For anyone discovering or re-discovering 1970s music, this is one of the essential albums that has to be in your collection. This was The Doors last, and best, album; Jim Morrison died soon after it was released.<br /><br />Great album. Well worth your attention.
B004IQMXD4|1.0|I only listened to the preview samples on Amazon. But, I believe if I went into my kitchen, threw all the glassware in the food processor, stuck my head inside and turned it on- it would sound infinitely better than this stuff. And, I'm an old rock fan. Sorry, some things really don't improve with age...poor Dave Stewart. Did he lose a bet to get stuck producing this album???
1400052181|5.0|What an amazing book.  Ms. Skloot obviously put a large chuck of her life and her heart in the book.  I work in health care and have not looked at my work or my patients the same since reading this and I am striving to be sure I never do.  Thank you Rebecca Skloot and all the people that helped her write this book, particularly the family of Henrietta Lacks.
0897500482|5.0|This book is so intense, to me, that it's taken me days just to get through a dozen pages. I have to stop and think about what he's saying, and it's pretty deep and meaningful for students of martial arts. I expected more of a how-to book, but rather than a step-by-step manual a.k.a. Bruce Tegner, it's a deeper grounding and philosophy on martial arts.  This book was actually published after his death, not right after his recovery like one of the movies on his life depicts, and it was pieced together from his notes, so I was a little disappointed by that as it's his widow's interpretation not (probably) the way he'd have done it. Still, they are his words from his notes and you can almost hear him speaking them to you as you read the book.  I plan to have this a long time.
B0051QIGP4|1.0|I only bought because of price and as expected.. she might be the most over rated star in music history (besides Justin Bieber).    Listen to Madonna. Listen to the depth she had.    I am not even a huge Madonna fan but anybody can hear it. Just because you put some crazy clothes on does not make you a star.     can she sing? Yes. is she creative? depends on taste but I will say yes.     Does that make her a HUGE star? No
B000UZ4G8M|5.0|I bought this cd after watching the musical episode of Grey's.  I just had to have the music, especially How to Save a Life.  Love that song and the melody.
B004HETR6S|5.0|I bought this album without even listening to it and am so glad I did! Forevermore is as good if not better than anything Whitesnake have ever done previously. Time and age have not dulled their performance at all - they just keep on making great music! I highly recommend it - it's essential listening for all Whitesnake fans.
B001EN71CW|5.0|This product sits on my shelf silently judging me. Yes, I your still wrapped in plastic. Yes I know there is now a thin layer of dust on you. ONE DAY I WILL OPEN YOU THEN WE SHALL WHO THE BOSS IS. It's Tony Danza that's who...
B0051QJ83S|1.0|This is mostly a review to help people avoid the hassle of downloading here. Yes, it's cheaper. But 3 days later, I don't have the full album I paid for, and customer service has yet to bother with a reply to my request for a new link so I can get all the songs. So far, I'd say I will never purchase songs from amazon again. Itunes is easier, faster, and well, I get my freaking songs that I pay for without having to complain to customer service over and over again. AMAZON: WHY DO I NOT HAVE A REPLY YET? I mean, even an AUTO reply would be nice.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|I was ready to be disappointed.  However, even right off the bat there are several tracks that are easy to like.  After a time or two through the whole disc, no doubt you'll be loving even more!  LOVE IT!
0307887960|5.0|I've been on the Dukan diet for a couple of weeks now.  I've lost 7 pounds and feel great!  This book is very well written and readable, as if Pierre Dukan was having a face to face conversation with you, encouraging you and urging you on.  His explanations are excellent, the diet is clear and easy to follow, and each phase is clearly recapped at the end of the chapter for that phase.  The recipes that I've tried have been delicious.  I strongly recommend both the diet and the book!
B004K4AUZW|4.0|I see reviews all over the place for this album. The ones that do not shock me at solid 3-stars and an overall 4-star ratings.  The 1 and 2 star reviews are outliers in that these reviewers likely have negative dispositions with her and the genre of music.  Yes she is brilliant and hard working and YES she caters to pop culture! Why not?  Let's face it, those 5-star albums out there are usually boring.  Not all but most. The ultimate goal is to make money and if your album is boring...well no moola from fans. So I give her a solid 4-star rating on this album since most of the songs are catchy.
1439102724|1.0|Others have reviewed the plot line...<br />I simply wish to say that this book does not nearly reach the caliber of Picoult's other writings.<br />Schmaltzy.....predictable characters......and a bit over the edge on this controversial topic...<br />Feel sad to have spent the $ for this Kindle book.
B004X8W42M|4.0|I love books about crazy rockstars and Ozzy has had his share of craziness.  I would advise those who have the same taste in books to read this one.
B004TJ1H3C|3.0|***WARNING *** Spoilers included ***<br /><br />I hated to give this show three stars. I enjoyed SGU, and Season Two I thought was very entertaining. Characters that we just started to get to know in Season One became old friends by the time Season Two was going strong. There was more interaction with aliens and other technologies. The Lucien Alliance hook was fun and provided a couple of interesting characters. Some of the shows were nothing less than brilliant.<br /><br />Then ... the writers had to react to the cancellation. The producers admitted they knew there was a strong likelihood of cancellation before the second half of the season was in the can. So they had an opportunity to give loyal viewers a clean ending. In this they failed. Many of the episodes leading up to the final show were very good, in fact some of the best of the two years in my view. But the final episode was just pathetic. The writers wanted to supply problems that the crew could not solve. They had the crew not really solving them, but the problems were easily solvable on their face by ANYONE familiar with the \\"rules\\" of the show. We have the Destiny low on power (again) after a battle (again). The Destiny defeats drone mother ships at not one but TWO worlds, then the crew fails to recharge at either star when they clearly have a window to do so. It wasn't convenient to have the crew take an action that made sense, because the writers were convinced the ship needed to be in a power crisis. Then the crew has to go into stasis chambers, and of course they are short of the number they need. Do we discuss having some smaller crew members double up? No. Maybe that shouldn't work, but the writers should at least be clever enough to think of that and discuss it so that we don't wind up thinking they are just too slow for their jobs.<br /><br />Those complaints only address the plot the writers DID go for, not the one they SHOULD have gone for. That might have been the last Stargate filming to ever occur, and they were quite aware of this. Yet they didn't have enough respect for viewers, some of whom have been faithful to the three series for a LONG time now, to give us a satisfactory wrap up. Instead, they pushed the PAUSE button, and left the fate of one of the most popular main characters up in the air, most probably forever. My wife and I looked at each other in disbelief. She voiced what I was thinking: \\"They must hope the fans will campaign for a continuation to find out what happens\\". Maybe they are hoping for a couple of follow up movies like StarGate had. It doesn't matter. It was a classless move to treat their fans this way. That's the reason I docked the two stars.<br /><br />In fact, this is just the latest in a series of goofs for the Stargate staff. They killed the original series with the very tedious Auri story arc, and then severely damaged fan connection to Atlantis when they decided to dump Torri Higginson.<br /><br />The writers for \\"Chuck\\" have found a way to write four episodes (the 13th and final episodes for both this season and last) that doubled very well as season OR series ending shows should they happen to have not been picked up again. I guess the SGU folks just aren't that clever.re quite aware of this. Yet they didn't have enough respect for viewers, some of whom have been faithful to the three series for a LONG time now, to give us a satisfactory wrap up. Instead, they pushed the PAUSE button, and left the fate of one of the most popular main characters up in the air, most probably forever. My wife and I looked at each other in disbelief. She voiced what I was thinking: \\"They must hope the fans will campaign for a continuation to find out what happens\\". Maybe they are hoping for a couple of follow up movies like StarGate had. It doesn't matter. It was a classless move to treat their fans this way. That's the reason I docked the two stars.     In fact, this is just the latest in a series of goofs for the Stargate staff. They killed the original series with the very tedious Auri story arc, and then severely damaged fan connection to Atlantis when they decided to dump Torri Higginson.     The writers for \\"Chuck\\" have found a way to write four episodes (the 13th and final episodes for both this season and last) that doubled very well as season OR series ending shows should they happen to have not been picked up again. I guess the SGU folks just aren't that clever.
B004LUHQ1G|5.0|What makes Wasting Light special - is that every single song is filled with the passion, energy and hooks that usually are just reserved for the Foo Fighters epic singles. That's not to say that this is a light album filled with silly little pop-ditties - it's made with blaring electric guitars - a driving bass - and hard drumming - it's solid rock music.<br /><br />You can hear the Foo's having fun all throughout the album - whether it's a little added guitar flair and megaphone screaming in White Limo - or the arena rock drums and howling in Miss the Misery - and this makes it really fun to listen to. The analog recording method may sound like a gimmick - but it really does add a lot of depth to the music when listening to the album on ear buds. The difference in the sound of the band is really startling between this and their previous releases - it's a bit dirtier and far more exciting.<br /><br />I would break down the album for you like this - 11 songs all rock n roll. My 5-star selections on my iPod are: Bridge Burning / Rope / White Limo / Arlandria / Back & Forth / Walk... I can't pick a favorite out of that bunch. The rest are solid 4-star songs.<br /><br />The last album they had that I really wanted to listen to all the way through multiple times in a row was [[ASIN:B000QEIORG Colour & The Shape (Exp)]] - and that album is their best and most complete album up until Wasting Light. I'm a huge fan of the band - seen them perform many times - have a fun little story of running into Taylor and Dave - their other albums are good (with some legendary [[ASIN:B002OFWG7E Greatest Hits]]) - but The Colour & the Shape and Wasting Light are their best, most complete, albums.
B000LN7HUC|5.0|I bought this stove for hiking (it's portable to an extreme) and as a backup stove in an emergency. It can burn a long time on easy access fuels, such as alcohol!
0439023513|5.0|Just like the rest of the series, this is a must read for all ages.  Great book that kept my attention cover to cover.
0240815807|5.0|Haven't finisehd reading it yet, but I have already learned so much from Senior. I think this is an excellent intermediate book. Just finished reading Music Recording Techniques and this is the perfect follow up.
B00004CX97|1.0|This DVD was not able to be played in my DVD played - it appears that it is a GERMAN version.
0671015206|5.0|This book is awesome.  Perfect for the young adult, the older person looking for a fresh start, and for teaching kids about handling money, themselves, and setting priorities.  A must read for those who live life intentionally.
B004UFEJXK|5.0|We all know Pixar makes great computer animated movies that the whole family enjoys. We know that Pixar has yet to make a bad movie in regards to box office draw and critical acclaim. There is no question that if the movie is from Pixar it will be good. So I'm going to focus this review on where it falls in the particular genre it was made in: Science Fiction. Wall-E is not only a good family computer cartoon. It's good sci-fi.     This movie delves into concepts and technologies in a mature way for a family movie. The first and for many the most glaring example is the commentary on the dark side of consumerism. Wall-E tackles it without being too preachy and better yet in an entertaining way. The concept of the Earth being evacuated because there is too much garbage is kind of silly, and the movie runs with that with tongue firmly in cheek. The concept of Earth's remaining civilization lounging around in cruise ships in space takes it even further into entertaining absurdity. A lesser movie would make all this snarky, but Wall-E doesn't fixate on these concepts and instead just uses it as a setting for the real story.     The real story is Wall-E and how his purity and fascination with the world around him changed everybody around him. On one hand he is worker drone doing the same job cleaning garbage daily apparently for centuries. On the other hand he shows real appreciation for the simple things that we humans sometimes take for granted. This love of life is what Wall-E spreads like a virus to everybody he interacts with, both humans and robots. This turns the story into a very endearing testament to how a single good heart (machine or otherwise) can make a difference.      I might be making this sound like a sugary sweet drama, and that is far from the truth. All this endearing stuff is presented with the signature comedic timing that Pixar is known for. In a word the script is smart. It balances the more serious and sappy elements with equally fun moments. Another cool thing about the movie is the entire first act is almost completely devoid of dialog. It's a great example of what can be done using techniques that were executed during the silent film era and how they still apply today.     I have always said if you are going to make an animated film where an actor is not fully utilized on the screen you better have good voice acting. Again this is an aspect that Pixar has always excelled in. Only this time voices both synthetic and synthetically manipulated adds a new level of excellence. Ben Burt does the voice of Wall-E as well as the sound design that makes his voice both robotic and emotive. He also makes EVE sound so good too. They also use actual voice synthesis programs, which adds to the whole robot vibe.     I'm a big sci-fi tech buff and the design of the ships, robots and other technologies is pretty smart. Lots of functionality can be seen as well as details that bely some serious thinking behind the technology. This is something you don't expect from a movie geared toward a very broad audience. Especially when all these details are very understated, just as they should be. If you are a tech-head like me Wall-E will satisfy.     This Blu-Ray release is essentially identical to the previous two disk Blu-Ray release with the addition of a DVD version of the movie on the third disk. Lots of extras are in both Blu-Rays. The movie disk has essentially the feature and the Pixar shorts. The second disk has an interesting menu selection that delves into the background and making of stuff. Here's the breakdown:    Pixar Shorts:     Presto - A hilarious cartoon about a magician's magic hat(s) and a hungry rabbit. This short is full of good ole' physical comedy and has probably brought more tear inducing laughs from the people I shown it to than any other short.     Burn-E - There is a little joke in the movie where EVE and Wall-E return to the ship after flying around in space and end up locking out a welding robot. Well this short chronicles his adventures. It's a really fun short, but being the stickler for continuity that I am I have to say it's inconsistent with ship locations on the movie, thus not canon. Still that's no reason to not see it. It's a really good short. You also get an option to do a picture-in-picture (PIP) with storyboards of the short.     Behind the Scenes Featurettes:    The Imperfect Lens: Creating the Look of Wall*E - Documentary on visual design. (approx 15 minutes)    Animation Sound Design: Building Worlds from the Sound Up - Extensive documentary on... you guessed it... audio design. (approx 20 minutes)     Captain's Log: The Evolution of Humans - Did you know the original idea for the humans on this movie is that we evolved into lazy lumpy blobs? An interesting documentary on that and why they went the direction they did. (approx 10 minutes)    Commentary with Directory Andrew Stanton. - I haven't heard it yet, but I'm told it's required listening for fans of the movie. It also has a Cine-Explore option where you also get PIP images of storyboards, production stills and so on.     Geek Talk, Trash Talk & Trivia - It's a sort of visual commentary done like Mystery Science Theater 3000. Four members of the production staff are sitting in theater seats (in dark silhouette like they are sitting in the front row) and making comments about the film. Some are informative trivia, but it's mostly a gag track.     The Pixar Story - It's not really anything to do with Wall-E, but it's an amazing and extensive look at Pixar itself. From the birth of the company (and before) up to its current pinnacle in the movie industry. Tons of interviews, early clips, you name it. This is THE documentary on the history of the company (approx 1 1/2 hours).     Deleted Scenes - There are four deleted and alternate scenes. Unlike lots of Pixar deleted scenes where you just get storyboards here you actually get almost finished animation. Just a couple of them are rendered, butit's sure nice to see them.     BnL Shorts - Three shorts done in a Buy-N-Large promotional campaign for the Axiom, Operation Cleanup and the Robots. They are actually really informative for what amounts to commercials on the designs and world of Wall-E. Not as well produced as the traditional Pixar Shorts, it is still a very well made setup and worth checking out.     Bot Files - This is a breakdown of the various robots in the movie. Clock on a robot and you get a quick profile as well as a quick advertising blurb on its capabilities. Kind of lean on the information, but still enjoyable nevertheless.     3-D Set Fly-Throughs - Short but pretty sweet set of location fly throughs. Click on a part of the Axiom and you get to hover over the entire area and see the computer rendered backdrop. There are also flybys of Wall-E's home and the city. It's more of an atmospheric enjoyment thing than anything else, but it's nice.      Wall-E's Treasures & Trinkets - Another short that collects a bunch of tiny vignettes with Wall-E interacting with one item or another. These were shown in between shows on the Disney Channel for a while. My son loves watching them and I'm glad they have them collected here in one spot.     Bot Storybook - It's essentially a visual book done in the same literary class as Dr. Seuss. It's narrated by Kathy Najimy and has enough moving animation to keep the toddlers interested in watching. There is also a play along mode where you can mess with it somehow.     Interactive Games - This isn't some weird DVD/BD game. There are arcade games. The same as those back in the 80's. If you have seen the end credits of Wall-E and remember the parts with the low bit computer images of Wall-E and gang imagine that put to video games. Now keep in mind these are very simple games. Even simpler than some Atari 2600 games (even if the graphics are better), but they are a fun distraction now and then.     There is also a couple easter eggs i believe on the first one. Move up from Play Movie until the E in Wall-E goes from red to blue then enter. You get a quickie Geek-O-Rama featurette. Go left from the Set Up on the main menu until a dot appears on Sneak Peaks, then enter. That gives you a little animation test.     Gallaries, trailers and whatnot.       Wall-E is probably the best family science fiction film there is. It has plenty of elements to entertain the sci-fi fan and plenty more for the rest. If you are in one of those households that has Blu-Ray players and DVD players this is the release to get. If you only have one then you may want to do some price comparisons between this version and the previous releases. Either way Wall-E is wonderful.
B004I8WD7S|5.0|This case fits tight on the phone and will provide excellent protection from bumps and scrapes.  All the access holes line up perfectly.  The case also has a good solid feel and looks great.  TPU is good stuff!  The screen protector has easy instructions to follow and goes on nicely.  Considering the quality and price this is an excellent value.
031606792X|5.0|A must read for anyone who loves an easy read, a great story line, and series books.  The entire series was awesome!
0345529057|5.0|I was a little puzzled when I came on to Amazon to just see if I wanted to download any books to my Kindle.  I just finished the first book, in this wonderful series.  I give it five stars.  I didn't notice one thing wrong with my Kindle version.  Maybe they have fixed the problem.  I wouldn't base my opinion of an author on some formatting and mistakes on the part of the people who format the digital books.  It's not fair.  This is going to be a classic the enire series.
B0051QIGP4|4.0|Album is definitely worth $1    I was totally in error about the cloud services and Amazon Music.  Amazon states that digital music purchased from Amazon stored on the Amazon cloud does not count against your Cloud Storage Plan.      You still need to be sure to read all the fine print before you buy and to make your selections appropriately; otherwise you just may find a surprise on your credit card bill one year from now.    After downloading you can burn it to DISK, but remember your meta-data is suppose to be encrypted on the music tracks....     Hope this helps....  Got to love Amazon....  Super company, offers, and company service...
0670022411|4.0|A Discovery of Witches is most definitely one of my most favorite 2011 releases, by far! Admittedly, I was a wee bit concerned at the immense size of this 592 page adventure, but due to the intriguing story blurbs and review comments to be found on GoodReads and across the blogosphere, I was determined to ignore its immensity and experience this novel to its fullest.<br /><br />Although I am an avid reader, I will be honest in that A Discovery of Witches has plenty of \\"big\\" words that I couldn't define without assistance. But, don't let that deter you in the least. Harkness' ability to so masterfully write each and every sentence allows even those of us with a \\"normal\\" vocabulary to understand her intended meaning without losing anything in translation.  Let's face it, not many of us are scholars and there are probably 1000's of words we don't fully understand let alone use in every day conversation but, Deborah Harkness has the ability to use whatever terminology she so chooses and still be understood!<br /><br />With an exorbitant amount of verbiage, some may (and have according to some posted reviews) find the amount of world building and descriptive narrative too extensive, resulting in a somewhat slow start and a subsequent time consuming read. However, for many readers such as myself, the words and sentences of a story are like movie frames, each lending more and more to the \\"film\\" that plays through our minds as we read. As long as the abundance of information is laid out in a proper and effective manner, then the more words used to describe persons, places and things, the better picture we are able to \\"view\\". So, while there may be an exceptional amount of information, every single bit of it is worth while and contributes quite effectively to the overall enjoyment of the story.<br /><br />A Discovery of Witches is a paranormal adventure with a twist. Complete with alchemy, magic, long lost manuscripts and secret societies, Deborah Harkenss introduces readers to a world where many prominent scholars and political figures are actually vampires or witches and those of an eccentrically inclined creative nature are, most likely, daemons. Very cool!  In this world, there is a centuries old covenant of secrecy to which all \\"creatures\\" must abide.  Hundreds of years ago a group of witches, vampires, and daemons formed the Congregation whose sole purpose is to govern all creatures and ensure that all mandates of the covenant are withheld.  And, should any of the rules be broken, may the good Lord have mercy upon you because the Congregation sure as hell won't!<br /><br />One of the Congregation's rules is that those of a different \\"species\\" shall not enter into relations for fear of drawing too much attention. their biggest fear is that this attention may lead to the fiercely protected secrets of all creatures becoming known to humans. Here's where we find the \\"twist\\" to be found within the pages of A Discovery of Witches. While a thought provoking, intriguing, and genuinely wonderful adventure, I believe that Deborah Harnkess has also shared a very important lesson with her readers. A lesson though taught in many fictional stories, it's not one usually found in the paranormal genre: \\"Don't let the bigots and old school prudes dictate your life. Love who you want to love and fight for the right to choose your own destiny! What may have worked in the past may not be the proper course for the future. Times change and so do people so what's to say a new generation can't be more accepting than the last?\\"<br /><br />You see, the main characters Diana, a witch, and Matthew, a vampire, fall in love. Despite all the rules, regulations, and reasons to the contrary, they defy the odds...and the Congregation...and fall completely and hopelessly in love.  The road is not easy and Matthew definitely has his work cut out for him, but alas Diana just can't refuse her destiny.  You love who you love and no matter who tells you it's wrong, youjust can't turn the \\"love bug\\" away when he comes a flutterin' in your direction!<br /><br />Harkness brings to the imagination a wonderfully intriguing cast of characters which readers will find interesting to learn about, yet a little difficult to relate to. While all characters are well presented and lend definite importance to the story, I found that almost all had a bit of a \\"cold\\" edge which made identifying with them a bit hard. I fear that the abundance of foundation and world-building may have detracted from the effectiveness of the character development.  Diana is rather \\"stand-offish\\" and frustrating in her staunch refusal to use magic. Matthew is quite controlling and somewhat abrupt. Many others just seem somewhat \\"incomplete\\". Please don't take these points too seriously when weighing in on your decision whether or not to read A Discovery of Witches because at the end of the day, there is just so much going on that this lack of development was really only apparent in retrospect and in no significant way detracted from my overall enjoyment of the adventure.<br /><br />The apparent amount of research and time that Deborah Harkness obviously spent on her \\"baby\\" is mind boggling. Complete with rich, full bodied detail and a breathtakingly intense romance between a vampire and witch, A Discovery of Witches is not a quick read to be sure, but one well worth the time required to complete.he comes a flutterin' in your direction!    Harkness brings to the imagination a wonderfully intriguing cast of characters which readers will find interesting to learn about, yet a little difficult to relate to. While all characters are well presented and lend definite importance to the story, I found that almost all had a bit of a \\"cold\\" edge which made identifying with them a bit hard. I fear that the abundance of foundation and world-building may have detracted from the effectiveness of the character development.  Diana is rather \\"stand-offish\\" and frustrating in her staunch refusal to use magic. Matthew is quite controlling and somewhat abrupt. Many others just seem somewhat \\"incomplete\\". Please don't take these points too seriously when weighing in on your decision whether or not to read A Discovery of Witches because at the end of the day, there is just so much going on that this lack of development was really only apparent in retrospect and in no significant way detracted from my overall enjoyment of the adventure.    The apparent amount of research and time that Deborah Harkness obviously spent on her \\"baby\\" is mind boggling. Complete with rich, full bodied detail and a breathtakingly intense romance between a vampire and witch, A Discovery of Witches is not a quick read to be sure, but one well worth the time required to complete.
B000K1P66W|4.0|The book hadn't come in over 3 weeks so I contacted the seller and they sent a new one directly to my home and had it within 3 days. Things can go wrong with the mail, I really appreciated their quick response, the book was under 5 dollars so couldn't be tracked.
0553386794|5.0|I kept hearing about this series by a guy named Martin. The big push came once it became a series on HBO. Game of Thrones is the first book in a fantasy series that is on par with The Lord of the Rings. If fantasy really isn't your thing, you don't have to worry. At least in the first book, there aren't many aspects of the fantastic. If you aren't too interested in swords, honor, and family then you shouldn't ever read this book.<br /><br />There are families all over the seven kingdoms and each family pledges loyalty to the others. The family of focus is the Stark family. They rule the northern lands of Winterfell. Much of the time is cold and hard.<br /><br />When the king asks Lord Stark to become his \\"Hand\\", the answer cannot be no. Lord Stark leaves his home to become the Hand of the King. It is his responsibility to see the commands done. But there is a secret in the realm and Stark insists on uncovering it.<br /><br />Treachery, romance, mystery; this book is great storytelling.<br /><br />I was a little disappointed with the language and the sexual content, but I'm sure the diehard fans of fantasy and Martin will excuse it for being part of the world - that it helps maintain the reality.<br /><br />And that is what kept me reading this huge tome. The characters and setting feel so real. Martin has done a great job in creating this world. There are so many characters to follow but by the time I had finished, I knew all of the main characters.<br /><br />I need to satisfy my desire for the rest of this series as this first book ends with a number of twists I did not plan on happening.
B002ZE85YW|5.0|Got this DVD some time ago from Amazon but wasn't able to review it until now.    The director's cut is not much different then the regular version but the extras are very nice additions. I'd reccomend this to anyone who liked the film but have not bought the DVD.
1450400957|5.0|This is a awesome and detailed book which i would recommend to anyone looking to put your workouts together and get results
B0051QIGP4|2.0|Just got an email from Amazon today that basically stated I could download the album again since the first time I was unable to acquire all of the tracks.  The email says -   1. Launch the Amazon MP3 Downloader  Here's how to locate the Downloader application on your operating system:   Windows: All Programs -- Amazon -- Amazon MP3 Downloader  Mac: Select \\"Amazon MP3 Downloader\\" from your Applications folder.  Linux: The application is installed as /usr/bin/amazonmp3 and an icon appears in the \\"Applications\\" menu in the \\"Internet\\" submenu.    2. If you have failed downloads in your queue, click the \\"Clear Completed\\" button at the top center of the Amazon MP3 Downloader window    3. After you have cleared any failed downloads, go to [...]    4. Find the order(s) that were placed on May 23 and click View Order    5. Locate and click the Download button to begin downloading your music    Thank you for your patience.  Sincerely,    Customer Service  Amazon.com    Well when I get to step 5 there is no \\"Download\\" button.  I click view order and it takes me to where I can buy it again.  There is no freaking download button!!!
B003L77GGU|4.0|I was going to give it only three stars till I viewed the finally episode (which was really good). This has to be Sam's best  & Dean's worst season, in my opinion. Soulless Sam is well written & well acted. Sam always had a menacing side to him & this season really capitalizes on that. Dean however lost all his humour & became really whiney. Dean used to be wise cracking, fun & perverted. Now he just whines all the time. What happened to the bromance? They killed that part of the show. Cass becomes a \\"cooler\\" character, which is welcome. Mark Sheppard is always a plus for the show (any show really).     Season 6 only gives a few fun filled filler episodes which have fun with the characters, but these are weak compared to years past.  Another thing missing is the Classic Rock Sound Tracks, guess they needed to cut costs. That was as much a part of the show as the Impala. Who could ever forget the Groundhog \\"Heat of the Moment\\" episode.    You can tell the writers where going through the motions in 75% of the season. Just mediocre writing with little feel of the little details that made the show excellent. I like the idea of guest writers, like Stephen King taking a crack at this next season. I only hope it does not turn out to be a big spider in the end!    Overall I recommend it for fans who has seen the rest of the series, but in no way would this be a good place to start. Soulless Sam & Cass makes it worth the money.  Dean should of stayed at home this season.
B00005JLRT|5.0|I personally like this movie because it surrounded Data, which was a childhood hero to me. Star Trek: Nemesis was an excellent was to provide closure to the STTNG franchise. The fact that Brent Spiner helped co-write it was an extra treat(in my opinion).
0451457994|5.0|This book is, by any standards, a monumental highlight in science fiction literature, as the movie was in science fiction film. It also explains the not so evident meaning of the last shots of the movie.  The main `actors' in this novel are human space travelers, extraterrestrial life and artificial intelligence (a computer).  The main actions are an encounter / transformation with / in extraterrestrial intelligence, time traveling in worm holes and the search for immortality.    Vision on mankind  For A.C. Clarke, `perhaps men were barbarians'. With and through artificial intelligence man built a computer, but failed to understand its psychology. The computer could mimic most of the activities of the human brain, but therefore (?) its mind, which never slept, was brilliantly sick. Like a man, it tried to take full power (of a spaceship it controlled).     Immortality  First, artifacts (of metal and plastic) could replace bones, flesh and blood. A further evolution could be the storing of knowledge, not in a brain anymore, but in the structure of space itself. Thought could be preserved for eternity in frozen lattices of light, in creatures of radiation, in pure energy.    Weak point (matter-mind duality)   For A.C. Clarke, `mind would eventually free itself from matter. The robot body would be no more than a stepping stone to something men had called a `spirit'. And if there was anything beyond that, its name could only be God.'  But, as W. v. O. Quine has said in a famous interview with Bryan Magee: `Processes (like emotions) in physical objects (people) are always accompanied by microphysical changes. In fact, they are those changes.'    Arthur C. Clarke's truly ground-breaking scientific fiction still could not be crazy enough, for as he states himself: `the truth, as always, will be far stranger.'    This novel is a must read for all those interested in the future of the universe.
0316056863|1.0|I LOVE Tina Fey on 30 Rock and as Sarah Palin, but this is not a memoir I wanted to read. I picked it up at the book store read for about 15 minutes and put it back. I want a memoir to be full of interesting life stories, things that put that person in a category that makes them really interesting. I'm sorry but its a mish mosh of stuff. So I bought another one. I am almost finished with the memoir of Alison Arngrim's life on \\"Little House on the \\"Prairie\\" called \\"Confessions of a Prairie Bitch: How I Survived Nellie Oleson and Learned to Love Being Hated.\\" For my generation - Tina Fey's generation, the Little House series was a big deal, but even more her book was a great read! Amazing trivia about the industry, her life, etc... She's only about eight years older than Fey, but she grew up in the industry and has great stories to tell.
B004DK5CW4|5.0|I was very please with the item.  It was a wonderful investment.  The color,the sharpness of the film and the quality is outstanding. I received the merchandise in new condition as the seller indicated and it was received within five days. I would gladly order from this seller again.
B004MC8CA2|1.0|The bible is written around 100 years after the alleged death of Christ (if he existed). It was based on eyewitness accounts, who probably exaggerated the accounts of Jesus. The Vatican Church then took out the \\"stories\\" that didn't fit in their \\"mythology\\" and voila, you have the Bible...the greatest fiction for people who want to believe there is a higher \\"being.\\" This is just a summary of what I have learned. Go Google or research it yourself. You need not be religious to be good. Enjoy your fiction. When you die, you won't see God. You'll see darkness and that's it!
B0001ARCFA|5.0|great headphones, awesome sound.
B000S9HVZU|5.0|As if my review matters here...  I'll just say this: the hours is AMAZING.  Forget the movie, forget the hype, just focus on the quality of the writing between the covers.  Cunningham at his best.  And, I'll add, at his best he's better than anyone alive writing today.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|Loved it! had no trouble downloading it--definitely worth the money---would have preferred the uncensored version but for 99 cents I am not complaining.  As always Gaga is not only great dance music but great dance music with meaning--reading her lyrics to me is like reading poetry so the music is great on 2 levels.  Not sure why folks are trashing the album (aside from Amazon crashing, which of course has nothing to do with the music) other than what folks always do--go after someone on top and try to pull them down. Gaga has earned her way and this album is evidence.  A great, great album.  Love you Gaga! Paws Up Baby!!
B003XRDYX2|5.0|It's amazing how much this set has made me appreciate Dylan's first eight albums all over again.  I had the first album, Bringing it All Back Home and John Wesley Harding in mono many years ago, so those mixes were familiar, but Freewheelin', Highway 61 and Blonde on Blonde are nothing short of revelatory in mono.      Overall, the singing is enhanced, but the guitar sound is slightly less clear than the stereo mixes. Visions of Johanna suffers from this slightly, as well as It's Alright Ma.  But the effect of the clear mono mix makes it seem like you are in the room with Bob.  The fades on the Highway 61 album seem longer in stereo, I wonder why that is.    This set is particularly effective if you are already familiar with the stereo mixes, and if you're not, believe me when I say that you can't go wrong with these sonically.  The first album is TERRIBLE in stereo, so for that alone this entire set is worth the price.  Each album cover is reproduced faithfully in cardboard mini-albums.    The only fault I see here is that singles such as Positively 4th Street, Can You Please Crawl Out Your Window and others were not included.
B00004SAAX|5.0|This is a magnificent collection, beyond words of description and praise.  Nevertheless, my intuition tells me that Walcha's interptretations are closer to The Master's intentions than those of E. Power Biggs, Walter Kraft, Virgil Fox, et alia.<br />Yes, it is not Bach's works for organ complete; please note however that it is not advertised as being such.<br />Perhaps the greatest value of this music is what it does for a driver in an automobile.  Use this music when driving your car to fortify your consciousness, especially in heavy traffic, and the obliviots and ignoranuses will not be able to bring you down to their level.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|I was expecting something spectacular and it deliveres this music does show GaGa's vocal talents.  Where the fame monster was more dark this is all about hope in oneself and believing who you are some may think that is corny but who cares.  The song \\"You and I\\" is my favorite for the reason you can feel the emotional power of not only the music but of GaGa's singing oozing out of your speakers.  The only thing I wish was on the album was the beautiful acapella version of Born This Way we saw at the end of the HBO concert this proves to all you skeptics that she is the real thing no studio voice and I hope she is around inspiring the world for a long time!
B0051QIGP4|5.0|for LADY GAGA! If that doesn't sound like a good deal what planet are you from? I honestly like just a few songs but you cant deny this is a sweet deal. Plus the extra storage you get in the cloud. Just get it.
1439102813|3.0|the book arrived as stated but it took forever to get it. i emiled the seller and he didn't reply. i wouldnt order from him again
B001PA0FFO|4.0|This is one of the most well-acted films I have seen in a long time.  Streep and Hoffman are superb, and Amy Adams does a great job as well (although at times just slightly too much.) There were a couple of loose ends that never got tied up (why the light bulb keeps going out; why does the priest have long nails...) but that doesn't interfere with a good story.  The negative about the film is that the message in the end is somewhat too heavy handed. It seems to be saying that if you try to be \\"progressive\\" within the church, you get run out and that the traditional elements within the church will go so far as to fabricate lies about those who buck the system.  In fact one could even take away from the film that the \\"good guy\\" was the priest, even though he was an abuser.  Nevertheless, as a film, the actors and writers did a great job.
B004TTMYQG|4.0|Would be very practical when creating a new event to have the default time be the next whole hour ahead of the current time and not just default to 12:00.
B004E0Z4XK|4.0|I would like to pretty much echo the sentiments of the previous reviewer. This cd only plays for 35 MINUTES!!!      Now, I was really intrigued with the artists contributing to this project and Danger Mouse got me hooked with Gnarls Barkley, so I have accepted the length as such.  If you are familiar with the Beck album Modern Guilt, this has the general tempo and tone of that album(which I thoroughly enjoyed)...unfortunately, much like Modern Guilt, this album is WAY TOO SHORT. Don't get me wrong, this album is worth buying...but each song, featuring either Jack White or Norah Jones(which totals six I believe), just doesn't last anywhere near long enough. I can't quite put my finger on where each of them could have been extended, all I know is that each was over before I was ready for them to be.    I hope that the next collaboration Danger Mouse releases will beef up the content considerably.  Maybe I've been spoiled all these years, but it couldn't have been that long ago that your average cd release would keep you busy for close to an hour.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|I got this one for a buddy of mine for christmas and he raves about it all the time. He loves it and plays online games all the time now and also uses it to listen to music. Great buy.
B000063JDE|5.0|I've tried to describe some of the sections of this movie to people who have never seen it, and they just don't get it.  The character Frank, is truly frightening and disturbing.  The singing session in Frank's friend's apartment messes with your mind in an almost Fellini sort of way.  This is a movie which stays with you in so many ways and this edition is an amazing quality difference from what I've seen before.
B000RZGFYS|5.0|Psychos, murderers, Nazi doctors, Satan, sacrifices, dismemberment, blood rain and unstoppable pestilence--Slayer spells out almost all the foundations for extreme metal right here in under 30 minutes, and it is the equivalent of a sonic beatdown on your face.  In all seriousness though, there are modern death metal bands that wish they could be this menacing and evil.  The production is handled by rap guru Rick Rubin, who for some reason got some taste and managed to forgo the (C)rap this time around and put out something that changed the landscape of metal as we listeners knew it.  Slayer gave us a yardstick to forever measure the extremity in heavy metal, and its contents were well cared for by Mr. Rubin.  Jeff Hanneman turns in some of his best writing, along with some wicked riffing to boot.  Sure, he and Kerry King were still in air-raid-whammy-bar guitar solo mode--the more melodic intonations would not occur until their next release--but I could not imagine the leads being recorded any different; it just would not fit the context of the hyperspeed thrashing presented. Tom Araya yelps, screams, and vocally destroys all obstacles in his path...and throws in a little bottom end bass chug too.  Little can be said of Dave Lombardo's drum performance other than it is both stunning and historic.    This is an undisputed classic that should be in everyones collection.  Best tracks: ALL OF THEM.
1600595871|3.0|I can only echo what the others have said - for me its an excellent book to see if I want to make my own journals. I don't have her two previous books so cannot comment on whether its a repeat or not, but for a newbie its an encyclopedia of knowledge and techniques as you try out different styles and formats. Not every project appeals; they don't have to. Even if you don't like the end results, you learn much in the doing, and its the acquisition of skills that is important here while having fun. The author not only covers book binding, but pop-ups and other forms of card-making, so its not just about making books though she does cover the basics. If you are buying this because you are doing an academic course, you may be better off looking elsewhere as this does put emphasis on the crafty side of things rather than the serious art of bookbinding.<br />One complaint; the instructions are not always very clear so its advisable to do a trial run with printer paper first to make sure that you have understood the diagrams or what she has written, and/or what she has forgotten to put in. Apart from that its a good book to start making books with, and if you find you like bookbinding, you will be ready for the many excellent heavy-weight books that other reviewers have mentioned, without feeling intimidated.
B0012GN3RI|5.0|Did I really see that this disc only costs about three bucks from Amazon Marketplace? Crazy...this platter from Riot is some sweet screaming speed-metal from Mark Reale (guitars) and company.  Tony Moore handles the vox here and he has a smooth, melodic, high tone that is uber perfect for the band.  The drums are handled by stick-master Bobby Jarzombek, one of metal's best skin-pounders, and he shows here that this reputation is no fluke.  The album has an excellent flow to it-speed numbers like the double bass pounding title-track \\"Thundersteel\\" coupled with more mid-paced fare like \\"Bloodstreets.\\"  Mark Reale throws in some screaming leads with riffage that will make you air-guitar all over yer living room.  Granted this was the reformed Riot--no one but Reale survived from the late 70's/early 80's incarnations of the band--but if anything it shows Mark Reale was one hell of a band leader and talent evaluator.  Just as essential to have in your power/speed/classic metal collection as their previous albums like \\"Fire Down Under.\\"
0307346617|5.0|This was one enjoyable book. From plot to execution very well done.  I listened to the audio book and the cast of characters really helped to further the experience. A must read for zombie lovers!
B0006HXXBA|5.0|There must be something in the damn water or air in Germany that allows all these ancient Teutonic thrash metal heroes to resist father time.  All of the big four of German thrash still are relevant and have released killer albums in the new millenium--Sodom had M16, Destruction-The Antichrist, Tankard-Beast of Bourbon, and Kreator has the album in review here-Enemy of God.  (I apologize to any metal purists here that insist there are only a big three of thrash in the Fatherland, that being Kreator, Sodom, and Destruction--Tankard deserves and has earned a spot also.)  Anyway, Kreator sort of shocked me with all the mid 90's experimentation; the basic waste of having Frank Blackfire (ex-Sodom riffmeister) and IMHO, not doing anything satisfactory with him, other than tinging their thrash with bizarre electronic/industrial experiments and other inexplicable hardcore weirdness.  Yes, I am looking at you \\"Renewal.\\"  Then at the turn of the century they released \\"Violent Revolution,\\" which was a return to form of sorts.  I was hoping the band was onto something with that release-sort of the similar situation with Destruction and \\"All Hell Breaks Loose\\" leading into the monster thrash assault of \\"The Anti-Christ.\\"  Lo and behold this same turn of events took hold here-Kreator dropped a lot of the melo-death influence that was present on \\"Violent Revolution\\" and went into ass kicking Panzer Thrash Beast Mode on \\"Enemy.\\" The opening track \\"Enemy Of God\\" just rips right along for its running time, replete with a wicked THRASH breakdown before leading into \\"Impossible Brutality,\\" another classic track this band can add to their canon.  Later on in the album we get a guest guitar solo from death metal shredder Michael Amott (Arch Enemy, Carcass) on the track \\"Murder Fantasies.\\"  All of the cuts on this disc are well above average and makes this an excellent LP to throw into my rotation of Kreator when I am listening, it stands up well to their older classics while not totallysurpassing them. The production by Andy Sneap is what you always get from this guy-huge crushing riffs and drums, with a nicely polished sheen of grit in the mix.  I would recommend to any metal head that he/she buy this along with \\"Hordes of Chaos\\" to get yer head-bangin' fix.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|I think this album is more RAW Gaga. Think stripped down Fame/Fame Monster. I enjoy her music, because I enjoy that she is different. I don't actually like POP music ( my favorite bands are Nine Inch Nails and Tori Amos), but adore Lady Gaga. I know I will grow to love this album more and more as time goes on.
B003Y5H53S|2.0|It was hard to watch it started slowly and went no where slowly. BUT the visuals were fantastic. The money was spent on animation not on script and story
B004IQMXD4|1.0|Teaming up with Dave Stewart of Eurythmics fame should have been a slam dunk...Instead, something went wrong, terribly wrong.  Not sure who wrote these songs, but I am hard pressed to find even one memorable track.  Love you Stevie, but after 10 years since your last CD, this is the best you can do???  CD's like this are why nobody is buying CDs any more....if you expect us to pay $18 for your CD, you better have some great songs on them...other disappointments this year...The Cars new CD (a few songs were listenable), Gaga's new mess, and Human League's lackluster boring new CD after 11 years....yawn!
B000X107GI|5.0|What a deal!! Go to your local RS or big box store and you'll pay 5 times what these cost, and you're not even likely to get a national brand. This was a great deal, had free and very quick shipping.  Couldn't be more pleased. I'll be back and will recommend this seller/product to friends and family.
B000063V8R|5.0|TNG's Season 3 features some truly incredible episodes, and marks a move away from more of the cheesy elements of Season 1 and 2's story lines. \\"The Best of Both Worlds\\" is of course a classic, but more underrated here is the sad but beautiful \\"The Offspring\\", an episode about Data's creation of a child that resulted in tears streaming down my face at the conclusion. Crusher returns, Pulaski leaves (oddly enough, I was actually starting to like her in Season 2, and kinda wish they both could've been on the show), and Lwaxana Troi and the bizarre Mr. Homn return again in \\"Menage a Trois.\\" Great season, highly recommended.
B001HN6918|5.0|The original Kung Fu Panda is one of the only Dreamworks Animation films that actually holds its own in comparison to Pixar films. It managed to capture the look and feel of the classics old and new that martial arts film enthusiasts such as myself admire so much while also offering humor that was actually funny, fantastic animation, and just an incredibly entertaining film overall. It turned out to not only be one of the more enjoyable animated films of 2008, but one of the best films of that year period. So, here we are, three years later with Kung Fu Panda 2 resting on the horizon of its release that actually feels just as strong as the original without all of the endless shortcomings most would expect to plague a sequel.<br /><br />When it comes to animated films, one of the most important ingredients is the cast. The voice cast can make or break an animated feature. A talented one can make it even better while a weaker one can result in it hurting the overall enjoyment of the film. Fortunately, the cast for Kung Fu Panda 2 is pretty spot on. The entire main cast (Jack Black, Angelina Jolie, Jackie Chan, Seth Rogen, David Cross, Lucy Liu, Dustin Hoffman, James Hong) returns from the first film and while it would be nice to see some of them have meatier roles and/or more lines (Jackie Chan and David Cross for starters), just having them return is fantastic. Casting changes between sequels are never really great. They can be pleasantly surprising, but it never feels the same. So it's great to see the entire ensemble back in full form. My personal favorite from the original cast is James Hong as Mr. Ping. The Asian American actor is perhaps best known as the villain in Big Trouble in Little China and was also Hannibal Chew in Blade Runner, but hearing that actor voice a goose who runs a restaurant and is so attached to his kung fu panda/China saving son is awesome in itself. Mr. Ping is an emotional wreck with Po putting himself in danger so often and Hong just makes his heartfelt performance stand out above the rest.<br /><br />Newcomers such as Dennis Haysbert (Heat, \\"24\\") and Michelle Yeoh (Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Sunshine) were fun additions. Yeoh voices The Soothsayer, who has a few humorous moments with Lord Shen, but realizing that Jean Claude Van Damme voiced Master Croc gave a little more weight to the throwbacks to well-known martial arts films. That influence is definitely there in the Kung Fu Panda films and both of them use that influence as a crutch in the best of ways, but having talent like Van Damme, Jackie Chan, and Michelle Yeoh participate make it all feel a little more genuine. It'd be like bringing in Chuck Norris, Jet Li, Donnie Yen, or Sammo Hung. The cast in this is just as much a drawing factor in this as it is in something like The Expendables. It makes that homage mean so much more.<br /><br />Gary Oldman practically steals every scene that he's in though. He brings that intensity and dark lunacy associated with his roles in Leon and The Fifth Element to the Lord Shen role; those same traits that made fans love his talent in the first place. He fits the role of an evil albino peacock rather well.<br /><br />The animation is really the film's Tour de force. Every movement flows naturally and everything is so crisp and smooth. Fight scenes are so fast yet easy to digest. Animals talking, portraying human emotion, their hair folding in the wind all look natural. But the art direction of the film is something special. It was already fantastic in the first film, but they really bulked it up for the sequel. It's slightly reminiscent of \\"Samurai Jack\\" yet more awesome; more engrossing. It captures the feel of Chinese martial arts perfectly and the use of traditional animation during Po's flashbacks was an extremely welcome addition; having Guillermo Del Toro as the creative consultant on the film surely helped in their benefit.<br /><br />Kung Fu Panda 2 is beautifully animated, exceptionally cast, laugh out loud funny, and nearly upstages the original at every turn. While certain things in the film like the \\"inner peace\\" bit are slightly predictable, it doesn't take away from the overall enjoyment of a sequel that capitalizes and improves on its predecessor rather than feeling like a watered down version of it.ges the original at every turn. While certain things in the film like the \\"inner peace\\" bit are slightly predictable, it doesn't take away from the overall enjoyment of a sequel that capitalizes and improves on its predecessor rather than feeling like a watered down version of it.
B002NX0LO2|5.0|Wow!  I liked this CD the first time I played it but it just gets better with every listen.  Lots of new sections seem to keep appearing in each song.  I also love the way Simon Neil's vocal style changes between each song and even within a song.
B004EPZ06G|2.0|Most people seem to really enjoy The Hangover. It wouldn't be the highest grossing R-rated comedy of all time if they didn't, right? The movie also has a fairly solid reputation, as well; certified fresh on Rotten Tomatoes along with above average scores just about everywhere else you look. With that said, it's better as a standalone film. Pushing another Hangover film onto the masses would water down and lessen the impact of what made the first film entertaining. The Hangover Part II proves just that and illustrates what a film made solely for money and nothing more really is.<br /><br />I felt like I missed out for not seeing the original film in theaters. Due to how often I laughed out loud during its duration, it certainly seemed to warrant a theatrical viewing. With the sequel's release upon us, it seemed like an easy solution. But promotion for the sequel made me feel weary. Trailers pretty much let everybody know that audiences would be sitting through the exact same film again. As it turns out, it is. The Hangover Part II is probably about 90% the same film as The Hangover.<br /><br />A few things are changed in comparison to the first film: there's a drug dealing monkey instead of a tiger, Stu gets a tattoo instead of losing a tooth, Alan loses his hair instead of his pants, they're in Thailand instead of Vegas, Jamie Chung replaces Heather Graham (different characters, but still), and a new character is missing instead of one of \\"The Wolfpack.\\" Everything else plays out nearly identically to the first film other than them checking the roof first; searching all over the city, outrageous antics, Stu's realization that the person they were looking for was right under their nose the entire time, Mike Tyson having a small cameo, right down to the ending leading to pictures in the credits. It's difficult to consider these spoilers when this is technically a film you've already seen. There are a few surprises in there, but not enough to make this sequel feel worthwhile.<br /><br />Ken Jeong's Mr. Chow gets a bigger role this time around and he's just as much a blessing as he is poison to the sequel. He has a few pretty classic one-liners, but is really annoying overall. So right after he mutters something amusing, he usually ruins it immediately afterward by either taking the joke too far or just saying something lame. He's a perfect example of too much of a good thing.<br /><br />Part of me wishes that The Hangover Part II would've combined The Human Centipede just to see something different. Phil, Alan, and Stu waking up as part of The Human Centipede without any recollection of how they got there sounds way more interesting than what we received. At least it'd be something different and not a complete rehash.<br /><br />The Hangover Part II does offer a handful of laughs, but suffers because it's the illegitimate twin brother of the original film. Its redundancy renders it an unnecessary experience even for the most die-hard Hangover fan. You'd probably be better off just watching the first one at home again and saving yourself $10. Part II may also set the record for most male genitalia shown in a wide released R-rated film or at least gives the record a run for its money. Men's junk and its overuse was all that was being discussed as people exited the theater.<br /><br />At the end of the day, The Hangover Part II is a mostly pointless sequel that's excessive, repetitive, and manages to tarnish what good it had going for it the first time around. If the small references to the first film weren't in there, it could probably pass as a remake. While it does offer some laughs and is bound to kill at the box office, it doesn't seem worth the trouble since it's basically the same journey with the addition of a bucket load of shafts and testicles and a cigarette smoking monkey.eong's Mr. Chow gets a bigger role this time around and he's just as much a blessing as he is poison to the sequel. He has a few pretty classic one-liners, but is really annoying overall. So right after he mutters something amusing, he usually ruins it immediately afterward by either taking the joke too far or just saying something lame. He's a perfect example of too much of a good thing.    Part of me wishes that The Hangover Part II would've combined The Human Centipede just to see something different. Phil, Alan, and Stu waking up as part of The Human Centipede without any recollection of how they got there sounds way more interesting than what we received. At least it'd be something different and not a complete rehash.    The Hangover Part II does offer a handful of laughs, but suffers because it's the illegitimate twin brother of the original film. Its redundancy renders it an unnecessary experience even for the most die-hard Hangover fan. You'd probably be better off just watching the first one at home again and saving yourself $10. Part II may also set the record for most male genitalia shown in a wide released R-rated film or at least gives the record a run for its money. Men's junk and its overuse was all that was being discussed as people exited the theater.    At the end of the day, The Hangover Part II is a mostly pointless sequel that's excessive, repetitive, and manages to tarnish what good it had going for it the first time around. If the small references to the first film weren't in there, it could probably pass as a remake. While it does offer some laughs and is bound to kill at the box office, it doesn't seem worth the trouble since it's basically the same journey with the addition of a bucket load of shafts and testicles and a cigarette smoking monkey.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|This film has received very little media attention.  It is a great film and tells an important story.  The fact that it won an oscar and still got no attention points out how the so-called \\"liberal\\" media is really the corporate controlled media (mainly by three powerful companys).  The next movie these people need to make is about the media.
B0024FAR5M|5.0|I was a big fan of the Shield during its run, but for some reason I never bothered to watch this show when it originally came out. Im kicking myself now, having bought both the first and second season dvds. Sons of Anarchy is the truth. The actors are great, the episodes are fast paced. I think the best thing I like about it is that their didnt really seem to be any \\"filler\\" episodes, that lesser series (Smallville) are notorious for. Everything advances the big picture plot.  I own a 2009 Harley Davidson Nighster, which I ride daily. I have to admit sometimes when I drive down the highway, I hum the SAMCRO theme song to myself, and fantasize about wearing a leather vest with a Grim Reaper holding an AK on the back. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
B0049P1VHS|5.0|The product arrived in perfect condition with not a smudge on the discs.  I was impressed with how quickly it arrived.    Now onto the series:   Wonderful!  The makeup of the Walkers was very realistic and the special effects are seamless.  You really feel close to the action.  The story is mostly character progressive, though there are a few instances when the Walkers are the ones who spur them into action.  It follows the survivors as they try to live in this new world with no information as to why the situation occurred, and there are always consequences to their choices.  For anyone who loves those good old zombie flicks, this series is for you.
B00364K6YW|5.0|I love this story, and this DVD is excellent.  I have enjoyed watching it very much.  Thank you for making it available.
B0000B1OGD|4.0|First Impressions:<br /><br />James Franciscus, better known for his TV shows (Hunter, FBI, Longstreet, etc.) is the hero is this great cowboy/dinosaur adventure!  The film starts out as a Western, with a standard Western town \\"south of the Rio Grande\\" as well follow the trail of a con artist (Franciscus), the girl he dumped and trying to patch that up, an absent minded professor and other stock characters, including Mexican gypsies.  The gypsies are funny in that they are dressed like Hungarians but speak Spanish.<br /><br />The romance betwee nJames' character and the girl was a bit tepid.  More annoying was the lipsynch voice dubbing of the woman actor Gila Golan, who (per wiki) had such a heavy Israeli accent that they had to cover it up.<br /><br />Of the course the star of the show is Harryhausen's special effects.  The DVD has a special where Ray is interviewed about his technique, while young guys from Industrial Light & Magic gush about Ray's contribution to special effects in movies.  I found especially interesting that it was stated many scenes from Jurassic Park were inspired from Valley of the Gwangi!<br /><br />Weird Western Tale!<br /><br />The later part of the film is the most exciting, as the cowboys attempt to lasso the dinosaur.  Ray Harryhausen explained in one of the features how they used a wire and a pole to wrap the ropes around, then did some film magic to make it all blend in.<br /><br />Technically it's amazing and seamless animation.  But it also makes for an interesting story.  The fights with a triceratops and a large circus elephant were fun to watch as well.<br /><br />The story's ending is sad for the dinosaur as well as a few bloody scenes of humans becoming snacks.  A boy's tear-streaked face tell us why the audience does not cheer for the downfall of Gwangi.<br /><br />A plot hole or two:  What happened to the gypsies who actually helped Gwangi escape in the first place?  And is the hole to the Forbidden Valley fully covered?  We may never know.<br /><br />Bottom Line:<br /><br />Recommended especially for Harryhausen fans.ally for Harryhausen fans.
0812580346|4.0|This was a great book with a good story and a lot of ideas to think about. The basic premise took a lot of imagination to come up with: all of humanities consciousness is transported into the future for just under two minutes, giving everyone a glimpse of the future.     The characters aren't the most developed you will ever read, but that isn't what this book is for. And it isn't about action either. It's about pushing through the story enough to make you think about the possibilities and properties of time in the universe.     Very impressive.
B004DMNT2W|4.0|The build quality of this camera case is nice. Just make sure it fits your camera -- which is harder than you'd think since the Amazon doesn't list the interior dimensions! So here you go:<br /><br />3.1W x 3.3D x 5.9H in.<br />8 x 8.5 x 15 cm
B0030A0ZD4|5.0|Wow!  Having grown up with this movie and being the same age as \\"Zeke\\" at the time when this come out, I can honestly say that MJ had an incredible imagination that I loved and love to be lost in...  The film was either preserved really well for transfer or they did a great job digitally remastering it.  The only difference I detected from my old VHS version, is the confrontation between MJ and Mr. Big in his lair.  I remember there being a quick shot of the long needle Mr. Big had as he was threatening to inject \\"Katie\\" with it...  I guess the UK censors took it out...  Other than that, the movie is exactly as I remember...  RIP Michael Jackson, my childhood Hero...
B001AQO3QA|5.0|I received this blu-ray box as a gift a few weeks ago. Hadn't really had a chance to watch it until last night. I watched Alien and Aliens (the second movie) last night. Man... this was a very impressive transfer to blu-ray! I have all the Alien movies on DVD. I had Alien and Aliens movie on VHS as well. I remember that comparing the VHS to the DVD was so nice and clean. The jump from DVD to blu-ray is an even bigger jump. I first watched Aliens (part 2), and the images were so clean... no graininess at all. The sound was really the best part. They really did the audio well.    But the biggest surprise was the original Alien. From the very start of the movie, the interior of the space shuttle scene looks like it was filmed around 10 years ago. Yes, the actual props look old, but the movie itself looks no where near 30 years old that it already is. So I thought perhaps it was just that scene, but as the movie goes on, every scene is so clean. Great contrast balance, great sharpness, you can see detailed skin texture like you can on blu-ray discs now. And even though the original movie is only in 4.0 surround, the sound engineers did a great great job of transferring that to a full HD format. Awesome sound the whole way through.    I can't say I've see too many older movies in blu-ray, but I've seen a fair amount. And seriously, this is by far the best transition from an older movie to blu-ray!    For any fan, it's definitely worth the purchase.
B0019NG73G|4.0|I have waited for the Blu-ray release of Gettysburg for years, finally receiving it a few days ago.  As a 4+ hour movie, it's not something you just sit down and watch right away, but I have spent some time bouncing between the standard DVD and the Blu-ray version.  The Director's Cut does include some additional footage not seen in the originial release.  For example, the exchange between Longstreet and Harrison midway through the movie is expanded.    The transfer to Blu-ray is definitely an improvment over the original DVD transfer, but there is some obvious grain visible in most shots, and the contrast/clarity isn't comparable to more modern releases.  I did feel that the audio track was a bit cleaner and the explosions had a bit more punch.    The special features really aren't much different from what was previously available, and are supplied on a standard DVD.    People who love this movie will enjoy this release, but it is not leaps and bounds better than the standard DVD release.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|After listenng to \\"Born this way\\" and \\"Judas\\" before the album was released I thought \\"OK these two are the best songs of the CD and I'm sure there won't be anything even close as good, they're just too good\\"...........WRONG!!! The songs are amazing, one after the other, you'll find yourself listening to it again and again. \\"AMERICANO\\" is the absolute best song. Bravo GAGA!!!!!
B003E8P9G0|4.0|The Red Pyramid is told through the eyes of brother and sister duo Carter/Sadie, and uses Egyptian mythology instead of Riordans more known Greek pantheon.<br /><br />After witnessing thier father being entombed in a sarcophagus and dissapearing into the floor, Sadie and Carter are now on a journey to rescue him and stop Set, the evil god who wants to destroy everything. They are accompanied by Bast, the cat goddess, Zia a member of a secret society and meet a host of gods/goddesses such as: Anubis, Sehkmet, Sobak, and others. The magic system in the book was quite good, it was diffrent then others i have read and though it was simple it was interesting and added fun to the story. The book is broken up by chapters of either Sadie or Carter talking telling thier story,<br /><br />I vastly enjoyed when Carter was talking more. Sadie although 12 is mature for her age, however rather annoying. Her inane comments about things got old and tired by the end and i would have rather liked the whole thing to be told by Carter, who was much more serious and not so slap humorish. I did like how Sadie grew and by the end it seemed like Sadie and Carter really liked each other and it was nice to see them as a family.<br /><br />The action as always is fast and fierce. I think that is why i like Riordans writing so much, there are no lenghty fillers where all the party is doing is talking, his books are full of fighting, running and magic. Although there are some parts where it seemed a bit unrealistic, in the fact that a major character will come in, leave then come back later in the game, it didnt leave with the sence of loss when a person did this because you knew they would come back. The ending however, was sad and i liked that it did not end super happy like others, it was more bitter-sweet than anything and i enjoy that type of ending.
B004XCUEU2|5.0|I drove 3 hours to go see this documentary, it was released in a few select cities. I am obviously a HUGE Foo Fighter fan and an ever bigger Dave Grohl fan ( He is IT in my book) I have seen them a couple of times in concert, and I was almost as excited to see the documentary as I was to go see a concert!! I made my country music lovin sister go with me, and converted her that day to a Foo fan!! Whether you are a fan or not this is a must see!! These guys are just AWESOME... have great personalities, and a great love of life and adore their families!! It is AWESOME!!
0470932139|5.0|This book is a fantastic resource for anyone who wants to improve their photography skills; it's presented in a user-friendly manner that is easy to understand. I am a visual learner who also needs to 'do it myself' in order for something to 'make sense' - this book delivers. Plenty of photographs show you exactly how to achieve the shot you're looking for - how to use light effectively, styling techniques including how to use color to enhance a photograph with resources listed in the back of the book. This is my 'go-to' resource for not only my photography questions but also for food styling - a definite 'must have'!
0143039431|2.0|No problems with the book - great story.<br /><br />My issue is with the description of the condition of my copy which was purchased as a used book - this was listed as \\"Very Good\\" condition - which to me means some minor creasing on the spine and maybe a couple of minor marks on the pages. The copy I got however had a nearly broken spine, many folded corners on pages and had notes & highlights all the way through the book.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|in apartments or urban areas this can be really useful for getting the mpst out of your wireless. figured out channel 14 was best.
0486283577|4.0|This book is full of illustrations on how to draft patterns for turn of the century fashions. I fully enjoyed all of the illustrations of the patterns as well as the completed garments. However I would say you need more than basic knowledge of pattern drafting to be able to fully enjoy this book. I myself am currently attending costume design school so I have resources to help me understand the complexities in this book. If you do not have those resources I think that maybe a complete pattern will be more helpful for you. Simplicity and McCall's have great costume patterns, even though they're are not authentic they're easy to make if you have little pattern drafting knowledge.
B00122KUEG|5.0|This a beautiful album and so soothing to the senses.  There is something so mature and sure about this album and all the music, lyrics and messages. Madonna reveals such an unconditionally loving and honest part of herself you can't help but be touched. I am always astonished to remember that it was not a commercial success.  To me that is not important, and if people don't listen to it they are missing out on something great. I received something from it far beyond the importance of critical approval, and that is truly great music from a truly honest voice and artist.
B001AUKUSG|4.0|Not too many tracks, and some are so/so.  (As if Otis is ever mediocre)    Worth it for Down in the Valley alone.    For my money that song is as good as Otis gets..
031603438X|2.0|I expected a lot of sex, drugs, and rock n' roll. He talked about all three, but it still was hard to get through this book.     I thought \\"Life\\" was really boring - he spent too much time talking about his childhood and where he was from, not enough time talking about his current wife and family, and a lot of time name dropping. I'm not actually into music so I didn't find the explanations of his songs that interesting, but a true fan or more musically minded person might like those sections.     I disliked how callous he came across when discussing his kids - would have made him more likeable, in my opinion, if he seemed to feel bad about the childhood his two eldest had, and he spoke a bit more lovingly about his son Tara.     I found the editing horrendous - someone should have taken these recordings and made it a bit more clear and less disjointed. He covered 7-8 topics in a page and rambled a lot.     Again, maybe a bigger fan would have loved it - I just thought it was hard to read. Some of his stories made me laugh, though.
1416596585|5.0|No matter what business you are in these days you have or will work with Google one day. And this book is the perfect way of understanding Google as a company and as an Ideology
B004SBX112|2.0|Fun game but still have adds that pop up in between levels. Isn't that the whole reason you pay for an app?
0812589041|5.0|This is my favorite Science Fiction book of all time. It's engaging and well written, and I really enjoyed reading it (several times over the past 10 years). I even think it has something to teach about leadership and how people work together. Highly recommended!
B000P0I4O4|5.0|There's nothing flashy or showy in 'The Contract' - and there doesn't need to be. It's beautifully shot, as well-acted as it needs to be, and hits on all the right notes. Simply put, this is a movie that gets it right, without making a lot of unnecessary noise.<br /><br />Part of that formula is in the cast. When you have two actors like Morgan Freeman and John Cusack - both almost instantly likeable in any role - as characters on opposite sides, you immediately set up a situation where it's hard to know who the \\"hero\\" of the movie is. 'The Contract' is not a standout role for either actor, but they treat the story with respect and give it the right tone. With these two actors, surrounded by a good supporting cast (including Alice Krige and Jonathan Hyde), you never really know whose side is the \\"right\\" side. This dynamic creates a complexity and an unpredictability that is refreshing in a suspense film, a dynamic carried through in the story.<br /><br />The plot advances steadily from multiple perspectives, paced well and with plenty of surprise in store. Former police officer (now teacher) John Cusack crosses paths with hitman Morgan Freeman in the middle of trying to fulfill a contract, with Freeman's team of assassins following close behind. Familiarity of the territory and the element of surprise are played against ruthlessness and expertise. Layers of deception unfold and change the story's direction, moving steadily towards an ending that remains uncertain until the final minutes.<br /><br />The cinematography is handsome without being distracting, capturing unique angles but always with a focus on advancing the story. The action scenes come together particularly well, not relying on fast edits and extreme close-ups of blurry motion to create tension - the tension is there in the story already, the angle and the editing simply serve that well, understated and elegant.<br /><br />'The Contract' is unpredictable and engaging, entertaining and thoughtful. All the elements for a good movie are here, and they're brought together skillfully and well. It may not have that blockbuster quality, lots of special effects, or an Oscar-caliber performance from either of its two headline actors. It doesn't need any of those things.<br /><br />All I know is that it kept me guessing, kept me entertained, and I enjoyed it from the first minute to the last.here, and they're brought together skillfully and well. It may not have that blockbuster quality, lots of special effects, or an Oscar-caliber performance from either of its two headline actors. It doesn't need any of those things.    All I know is that it kept me guessing, kept me entertained, and I enjoyed it from the first minute to the last.
1936594390|5.0|I was tempted to take off a star for the way the second half of the book tales off and becomes so concerned with Dorian Gray's decadence. However, it's a classic, even if parts of the book are disappointing. Nevertheless, the beauty of the prose and the depth of Wilde's words are such that one can't fault the author for not living up to the standards he set for himself. If you're an astute reader and care to analyze the text, the points made by Wilde can change your life and why this book is a must read.
B003Y5H53S|5.0|This was a gorgeous piece of animated cinema packed with a wealth of fun characters, classic Western appeal and excellent use of genre convention.  The film references alone would make it a clever short, but the stellar voice acting and gritty, ugly feel catapult it into the realm of real fun.  From the banjo-strummed ride of the valkyries to the rattlesnake with the machine-gun tail, I was captivated.<br /><br />A bit visually disturbing for those below the 10-year mark.  Seriously, though, other reviewers: Are you really worried about your children being exposed to the word Hell?
B004J1DBJI|3.0|I got this on the Free App of the Day here at Amazon. Works great; but, now it wants to charge me for an update. I don't know if this is Amazon or the App.
0307272702|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  If you're familiar with the Atkins and Protein Power books, you will be familiar with many of the principles in this book.  However, when I was done reading this book, I felt like I had a better understanding of the reasons why a low-carb diet works.  And when I say \\"diet\\", I don't mean a temporary method for losing fat.  I mean a life-long diet.  I understand better how insulin affects our bodies and the processes behind fat storage vs. fat burning.  Mr. Taubes backs everything up with a seemingly endless number of examples and scientific studies.      I have been following this diet for the past few weeks, and I have been in pretty heavy ketosis the entire time. (I check this using ketone sticks I bought from my local pharmacy.) Prior to starting this diet, when I was including lots of \\"healthy\\" grains and fruits in my diet, I always felt heavy and bloated after most meals.  I have not felt that way since starting this diet.  It also used to seem that no matter what I did, how much I exercised, or how \\"healthy\\" I ate, I just couldn't lose even a single ounce of belly fat.  But over the last few weeks, I have lost around 7 pounds with ease.  I have also been lifting heavy weights, so it's possible I've gained a little muscle as well.  So my fat loss may be even more than that.  I certainly feel lighter in the gut, and my pants fit better.  Understand, this is while eating as much fatty protein foods as I want.  I do not count calories or watch how much I eat.  If I'm hungry, I eat.  I have completely cut out all grains and sugars (including fruit) from my diet and live primarily on fat, protein, and green leafy veggies.  I include a little cheese here and there.    Sound crazy?  Read the book and find out why this is actually the healthiest way to eat.      Another interesting point that Mr. Taubes makes is that exercise does not make you lose fat.  You can run and run and run, and you won't lose a single ounce of fat.  While he does admit that exercise has many health benefits (increased stamina, strength, muscle tone, etc.), fat loss is not one of them.  In other words, you can't just eat whatever you want and hope to lose fat through exercise.  It's all about diet.  Along with that, he suggests that the conventional wisdom of calories in vs. calories out (the idea that if we burn more calories than we consume, we will lose weight) is not true.  This definitely goes against everything we've ever been taught about weight loss, but he makes a convincing argument and backs it up with solid science.    While I do feel like the low-carb diet has gained more acceptance over the last decade or so, it still has a long way to go.  Many people can't get over the idea that they must avoid fat and include whole grains in their diets.  This simply isn't true, and this book will tell you why.  Also, most people do not accept the idea that it's okay to eat saturated fat.  We've been taught most of our lives that saturated fat causes heart disease.  This also is not true if your insulin levels are low.  In fact, Mr. Taubes suggests that saturated fat should be a regular part of our diets!  Nor can most people accept that grains, even whole grains, are very bad for our health.  Even fruit can cause insulin spikes that are detrimental to our health (mainly because the fruit companies are engineering fruit to be much sweeter than it used to be in its natural state).  While many scientists and medical doctors support and prescribe this type of diet, it is going to take a major paradigm shift for the masses and the nutritionists to accept these diet principles.    But don't take my word for it.  Read the book and see what you think.
B0051QIGP4|1.0|I bought this because Amazon is selling it so cheap today.  However, after listening to the whole thing, I have to say that I can't remember a single song.  There was absolutely nothing in this album that caught my attention.  It is utterly forgettable.  About half the songs on her first album were really good.  The other half were forgettable.  This album is 100% like that forgettable half of the previous album.  Couldn't she at least come up with one catchy tune for this one?  And let me be clear on this, I like Lady Gaga.  But, this album really doesn't show any of her talent.  Sad.
0060594896|5.0|Jack Canfield is best known for his Chicken Soup for the Soul series, the stories featured in there came about because he is a motivational speaker and often used stories to highlight what he was telling his clients. This book is about Jack Canfields original work, motivating and inspiring people to aim for the life that they've always secretly wanted.<br /><br />There are a lot of books on the market with a similar purpose, I know - I've read quite a number of them, what I particularly like about this is that it doesn't push heavily at spirituality which a lot of others do. There are 2 books which I've abandoned in the past month as I want to develop myself not find religion and according to them I couldn't do one without the other.<br /><br />Yes, a lot of the techniques are similar to what is in other books and it's not telling you anything different but what do you expect from a bunch of books on the same subject? The success of this book lies in it's ability to talk to you in a friendly way, without being patronising.<br /><br />It's made me re-evaluate my life, look at what areas I'm unhappy in and do something to try to improve them.<br /><br />A couple of months on and I've decided to edit this post with an update: I have now had a complete change of life; I have a new, smarter image; I have lost a considerable amount of weight; I have moved job to something more complex and interesting which has led me to more than double my salary. I won't say it's jus because of reading this book but all of htis has happened within a short time of reading this book.
B0051QIGP4|2.0|Confession: I am not the world's biggest Lady Gaga fan. I enjoy some of her songs, particularly The Fame, Beautiful, Dirty, Rich, and Just Dance. But I don't like the style of Telephone, Alejandro, Poker Face or LoveGame. They all start to sound like the same song in my mind after awhile.    My main complaints with Lady Gaga are that she seems to have quite the ego in interviews; the larger-than-life hype surrounding her is not justified by the just-ok talent; and she borrows extensively from other artists without bringing more of her own originality into the game. Also, while I appreciate her aligning herself with the LGBT community, her claim that she is bisexual while never having been in love with another woman rings suspicious. Of course, we all know Madonna pulled this same schtick with Sandra Bernhard many years ago.    All that being said, this was 99 cents and I really liked Judas so I was going to go for it.    The album is divided into a few different kinds of songs.    There's \\"The Fame Monster\\"-era danceable Lady Gaga represented by Judas, Sheibe, Bloody Mary, Bad Kids, Heavy Metal Lover, Electric Chapel (although that does have a heavy metal opening). It is no coincidence that these are some of the best songs on the album (minus Bad Kids). Dance is what Gaga does best and what she should stick with. The problem on this album is she is straddling too many genres, genres she shouldn't be messing with, in an effort to prove herself. You can do a lot sticking to just dance music. Ask the Pet Shop Boys sometime.    Beyond the dance music, there's Pat Benatar-style BIG 80s rocking, with Marry the Night, Hair, Highway Unicorn, and The Edge of Glory. Marry the Night is very catchy, as is Edge of Glory, but Gaga sounds wrong singing them. Again, she's meant for dance music. Also, these songs sound DATED. It's one thing to borrow from the past, but update it a little bit, bring something new to it. Don't just copy in a paint-by-numbers way of a genre that wasn'tthat great to begin with.    You and I is a country song and it is well-done, but again, this is something Taylor Swift should be singing. Gaga should never do country. NEVER.    You know Born this Way already. I really dislike that song. The message is positive but the song is just so play-it-safe boring.    Americano rips off Rosemary Clooney of all people, as one reviewer noted. It's Greek/Israeli-style music that is just nonsense and should have been cut. No one could have made this work.    Overall, the best songs are Judas, SheiBe, Bloody Mary, Heavy Metal Lover, and Electric Chapel. If she had released just these five songs, she would have had a hit on her hands.     Lyrically speaking, the album also suffers. Born this Way has strong songwriting, as does Judas, ScheiBe, Americano, and You and I. But Hair and Bad Kids are so unintelligent, it's just ridiculous.    Full disclosure: I am still awaiting the download of Goverment Hooker, so I cannot review it yet. But even if that song is wonderful it doesn't make up for the uneveness of this CD. As another reviewer said, Gaga needs to spend more time on the next album, and don't load an album down with 14 tracks that vary in quality when eight strong tracks would be just fine.
B0030GCZP4|1.0|A friend loaned me his DVD copy. It was a waste of my time and his money. This movie is just one more reason NOT to watch the Academy Awards. There is absolutely nothing stellar about Denzel's performance. It may be different from his usual roles but it is certainly not a difficult role. Any B grade actor would have sufficed. I've read that Gary Sinise and Bruce Willis both turned it down. I guess Denzel's rent was overdue......not just overdue, he must have been close to being evicted!
0385737955|3.0|Okay, I know it's \\"Young Adult\\", not Nabokov, but still, \\"YA\\" does not mean \\"dumb-it-down\\".  I'm really on the fence.  Several times I wanted to abort my read, because the book was so marginally well written and scripted.  But I took the hook and wanted to see where it lead.  I'm sorry I did not follow my usually good instincts.  I hate the tag-line phrases so common today.  \\"It's like Rambo meets Bambie\\" or \\"It's like Star Wars meets Behind the Green Door\\".  Too Hollywood, too facile, and too reflective of a lazy intellect.  That said, I have to say, because it's so true, \\"It's like Lord of the Flies meets Riverworld\\" - no, really it is!  That, by the way, is not a ringing endorsement.  The writing was clearly dumbed-down, easy words chosen where harder one might have been inserted.  The plot was real basic, the character development rudimentary and stock, and the plot-hook was real basic - like I said, YA does not mean lowest-common-denominator.  The problem with this book is one suffered by all too many novels.  Author had a good idea, but no ending.  Spoiler-alert - the ending abstracted.  Kids spend 2 years in Lord of the Flies weirdo-land, finally escape at high human cost, confront the Evil Over Lords, but, at the last second, someone is meaninglessly murdered and hillbillies break into the secured lab and ask the kids to going them, so they do, and they use a bus - like a field trip - and decide to trust these hillbillies and they eat pizza and just have to hope everything will be peachy.  Like I said, I wish I had not stayed till the end, and I encourage those who might follow to do the same.  Honestly, I wanted to give it a 2 1/2 rating, because 2 was too low and 3 was too high.  The book did not suck, but it certainly did not soar.  Book II in my future?  Not on your life.
0385528752|5.0|The latest statistic on organizational change efforts states that 80% of all change efforts fail. In this book, the authors offer a framework for approaching change that is both comprehensive and simple at the same time. That's not to say that it's easy - just simple - and its simplicity is what gives hope that organizations (and individuals, for that matter) might just be able to start improving that statistic. The authors describe three aspects of change - emotional, rational, and environmental - using the metaphor of the elephant (emotion), the rider (reason), and the path (the environment). The main thesis throughout the book is that all three must be addressed and integrated in order for change to be successful. The authors weave in elements of Appreciative Inquiry (bright spots), visioning (destination postcards), and systems thinking (tweak the environment), to name a few, and offer many ideas for how to improve your chances that the change you seek will be sustainable.
B004QYZATW|1.0|This is possibly one of the worst movies I have seen.  It is just horrible.  The whole move is tongue in cheek, but it seems no one informed the actors or directors.<br />Way too much talent to be wasted on this..
B004UUKDNA|5.0|Very addictive.  Don't even worrying about previewing it.  If you like indie, alternative, rock and amazing hooks, you will adore this. This will be one of the best albums of 2011.
6305907145|4.0|Being a great fan of Emma and Sense and Sensibility, I bought this one and a couple of others. This one takes a very serious look at slavery and the class system, as well as the usual powerlessness of women in this time period. While I would'nt recommend it for all audiences of the first two movies, it is still very lively, a very good story, good ending, and well played by all cast members. A brief spot of nudity and a glance at some shocking pencil drawings, might be off putting to some (especially if there are children watching). But overall I really liked it and would recommend it. Very cheeky and cautionary.
B004TACMZ8|3.0|Gosh, I'm on the fence with this unit, and disappointed in myself that I jumped the gun before the Amazon reviews were in. If you buy this unit, by all means purchase from Amazon or another reputable retailer with a good return policy in the event you are not satisfied with its performance. I'm reserving the right to upgrade this 3-star \\"It's OK\\" review at a later date, but for now (after a couple weeks of ownership), this is where I'm calling it.<br /><br />I bought the GMS120 to replace a couple of older Zircon units that proved OK on drywall over fir framing, but I've moved to a more challenging climate of plaster walls, some with wire mesh.<br /><br />But first, on drywall, the unit has been hit or miss. I broke it in on a wall that's open on the back side (so the framing is exposed), and I'm not getting the precision I've come to expect with the center-finding Zircon unit I own (which has also been hit-or-miss). Where the Zircon projected a finely focused LED beam along the calculated stud center, this Bosch unit gives a LCD \\"bar graph\\" display plus a 1/2\\" wide lighted circle that changes from red to yellow to green -- so the user is responsible for tracing a circle, or drawing a crosshair inside the circle, to note this location. The indicated center of the stud is often not repeatable, so it takes a number of back-and-forth scans to get a good feel for where I should be drilling. And on the drywall over metal stud walls at work -- big disappointment; no usable readings.<br /><br />On plaster, I've been confounded by this unit's inability to locate a stud correctly. The instructions recommend placing paper or thin cardboard backing behind the sensor to assist with the uneven thickness / density of plaster walls, but the 1/4\\" lath appears to be too much to overcome. Never mind when chicken wire is in the mix. I'm going to keep playing with this and find a hopeful solution, as according to the reviews out of various European publications I've read, this shouldn't present an insurmountable challenge.<br /><br />Worse yet, the current sensing function seems to be entirely non-functional. I've traced over known, energized wire locations with nary a *beep* from the scanner. Another reviewer states that this current sensing function is active in the wood scanning mode (I stated contrary previously and stand corrected), but I've yet to receive an accurate current warning from this scanner, regardless of mode selection). If I recall correctly, the Zircon stud finder sensed electrical current when in stud finding mode, so where two passes are required with the Bosch, the Zircon would somewhat reliably call out a live wire while in the process of scanning for studs. This function works if I place the sensor directly on live Romex or even a power cord plugged into a wall socket, but once drywall is sandwiched in the middle, readings disappear.<br /><br />And the LCD display... what was Bosch thinking? There's a lot of info on the display, and it's backlit (user selectable on/off -- yay!!) but the viewing angle turns to zero if I hold the scanner just a FEW INCHES below eye level -- ZERO, as in INVISIBLE -- it appears the thing powered off. Higher than eye level, no problem, but lower -- even with the backlight on, it's completely unreadable. Seriously, Bosch? This may not sound like a big deal, but consider for a moment how you hold your arm while using one of these gizmos. I can't speak for the wider user base, but I feel most natural / comfortable with it at chest / neck height, exactly where the display goes blank.<br /><br />The scanner comes with a rather thorough multi-language instruction manual, which shouldn't be necessary for something so simple. Nevertheless, it's true to Bosch's tradition and appreciated. It also comes with a tight fitting canvas-style case which truly could be just a tad bigger.<br /><br />I'm holding out hope that I'm missing something important here and I'll grow to love this unit, based not only on Bosch's reputation, but on the stellar reviews I've read in various trade mags. Honestly, I'm not seeing this as being any better than the scanners available from Zircon, and the half-viewable LCD display is an absolute disappointment.<br /><br />My last stud finder purchase was 6+ years ago, and after reading some great \\"pro\\" reviews about this unit, I was fully expecting that the state of the technology had greatly advanced versus the Zircon that was already in my tool bag -- especially coming from Bosch! I'm in the process of contacting Bosch customer service to see if perhaps I have a lemon, because again, my experience has been nothing like the reviews I've read proclaiming the GMS120 to be the best in class.osch's reputation, but on the stellar reviews I've read in various trade mags. Honestly, I'm not seeing this as being any better than the scanners available from Zircon, and the half-viewable LCD display is an absolute disappointment.<br /><br />My last stud finder purchase was 6+ years ago, and after reading some great \\"pro\\" reviews about this unit, I was fully expecting that the state of the technology had greatly advanced versus the Zircon that was already in my tool bag -- especially coming from Bosch! I'm in the process of contacting Bosch customer service to see if perhaps I have a lemon, because again, my experience has been nothing like the reviews I've read proclaiming the GMS120 to be the best in class.
0061537969|1.0|I'm a dog lover, so I expected to like this book. I think the telling the story through the dog was a creative, potentially effective technique. But, the book's poorly developed characters and weak story line ruined the book.  I'm shocked it has received so many good reviews. The characters are poorly developed, especially his wife and in laws. It seemed like the author's main goal was to write a tearjerker - and what better way than to have the wife diagnosed with cancer. I found a lot of the situations in the book to be ridiculous - like when the wife and daughter go to live with her parents after her diagnosis. Wouldn't she want to spend her limited days with her husband. If you want to read a great dog book, try Marley & Me.
B0051QIGP4|4.0|Like other reviewers, I bought this album in part to support the need for intelligently valued music, and I applaud the courage of Lady Gaga and her staff in working with Amazon in doing this. The other reason is that I like about half of the cuts; the others will need to find me in the right frame of mind. That being said, I understand the whole performance art thing, but the boundaries have been pushed about as far as I can stand. Lady Gaga has a wonderful voice and a great command of poetic imagery; now that is well known, maybe she could ramp down the disturbing visuals and focus on her strengths. For example, she was amazingly funny on Saturday Night Live with Justin Timberlake this last weekend; I would suspect that prior to her first song, somebody who had not seen her before would have thought she was a member of the regular cast. I look forward to her hosting the program during the next season (I don't know if she's been asked, I'm just starting the rumor).
1400052181|5.0|Initially, I wasn't interested in reading this book because it sounded like too much science for me. But, only a few pages into this book I realized that it was a fascinating story. It's about how scientists took cancer cells from a poor black women named Henrietta Lacks and used them to conduct medical research (like the polio vaccine) which has led to scientific discoveries that have had a positive impact on all of our lives. What's particularly amazing is how Skloot took difficult concepts and made them not only easy to understand, but also fascinating. In addition to the science, the book delves into the lives of Henrietta and her family. It's a great book club book because it leads to discussions about race, ethics and science. Another part of the book I really enjoyed was learning about the process the author went through to research the story (she developed a close relationship with Henrietta's family, especially her daughter) and turn it into a book.
B0046ECFRM|5.0|As a francophile, I was automatically attracted to the cover and the title of the book.  However, I had resisted picking it up or even reading the sample I finally downloaded onto my Kindle because both the book cover and the title left me with the impression that this would be a fluffy read with Paris as the back-drop.  Boy, was I wrong.  After reading the sample, it was clear that the main character (Anna) was not only hilarious, but also had an intelligent and strong voice that rings true for someone who is 17.  Although you knew who the main love interest would be, Etienne St. Clair, it was clear that there were some real challenges that the characters needed to work through.  And, I also enjoyed the fact that they had a basis for a romance through their friendship that seemed to naturally evolve throughout the book.  I also liked that the friends that Anna surrounds herself with are interesting and not just one-dimensional.      I won't summarize the book given the other reviews provided, but I will say that how the author builds this relationship makes the ending so much more rewarding.  And, of course, being a francophile who was reading this while I was in Paris just made me love the city even more.  If I get a chance to go back, I might just have to (re-)visit some of the places mentioned in the book!
193413712X|2.0|When this story is a story, it is good, but Harding tries very hard to make this short novel more than a simple story, and fails most exasperatingly. He is writing about a man who reflects back on his life while he lays dying in his New England home. He's also writing about that man's father, an epileptic who disappeared early from his son's life (these passages are the good ones). He inexplicably includes excerpts from a manual on clock repair, as well as long poetic passages that read like utter nonsense. I know there is a Bigger Theme here -- clocks ticking away the remaining seconds of our mortal lives -- but I found it far too annoying to care about the symbolism. Perhaps more astute readers -- such as the luminaries who award the Pulitzer Prize -- get it, but to me, too much of this read like intentional obscurantist nonsense, and not enough like an actual story. I was impatient for the clock to wind down on these scant 200 pages, mercifully setting both me and the dying protagonist free.
0439023513|2.0|The Hunger Games is a fresh and exciting series that rivets one to the page - well-developed characters, a strong plot line.  Unfortunately, the final book does not deliver and leaves one wanting.<br /><br />The writing becomes much less tight - noticeably so - as if the author was in a hurry to finish, or it perhaps went to press before fully edited.  Some scenes are disjointed - more than once I lost step with where I was in a scene or scene change and had to go back and re-read to see where I was.  I'm an experienced and attuned reader.<br /><br />The pace also had similar stop-starts: sometimes things unfolded slowly, other times extremely quickly - but instead of the natural build and action-packed rhythm of the other two books, this time it was disorienting.<br /><br />Good endings are hard to write, but in this series it seems like the \\"wooden\\" voice of the author can be heard among her characters.  Maybe it was too big of an idea for the one book - the other two books took place mostly in or around the arena and were fairly localized - but in this one it involves a culmination of political events: perhaps another book would have brought us there more smoothly.<br /><br />I'm not sure what went wrong, but this is a sour drop from the first two, and more noticeably so because of how good the first two really were.  I enjoyed the other two volumes so, I really wish the author had spent more time completing this one - she was on the cusp of a masterpiece!<br /><br />Parents should also know that this last book contains some especially grisly descriptions; the whole series is violent, but in this one it seems gratuitous and does not necessarily advance the story - although the ideas are creative, a little less would have been more powerful.  At any rate, I might think twice before handing this to a child.
B004LZRRRE|1.0|The NTSC dvd in the \\"Deluxe Edition\\" is missing the documentary and photo gallery and the disc is embarrassingly poor quality.  Universal should be ashamed of themselves for doing this to the band's last concert and to fans in N. America who need a NTSC dvd. On a blu-ray player, the dvd only freezes a few times, although on a standard dvd player the picture is terrible and it is completly unplayable by the third song in. I highly recommend the blu-ray version (sold separtely) because the concert (like the band) is simply AMAZING.  The only problem is to get the two cds (20 songs) vs. the 1 cd (16 songs) you must purchase the not-so \\"Deluxe Edition\\". So to have the 2 cds, you're subjected to purchasing a messed up, incomplete dvd.
0805047905|5.0|My son got this book as a present for his first birthday, he is now two and I had to buy a new copy because his was falling apart. He is a little book worm and this is one of his favorites.
B004LUHQ1G|4.0|It's not the stuff i usually like, but I do like some of it. I've heard some of their other stuff i liked more.
B0051QIGP4|2.0|Enjoyed her previous work, but the creative talent obvious in her earlier work is largely absent.  This album sounds like a desperately synthesized work.  IMHO, it's tedious and a real chore to listen through.  If her next album doesn't show better creativity and value, her glory days may be over.  But I'm hoping she returns to those initial creative roots.
0060574216|4.0|John Gray may not be the most eloquent writer.  He's writing stuff that should be common sense.  However I found it quite helpful.  My wife and I are communicating better.
0743435753|2.0|I think the biggest complaint I've got about Flag in Exile is that the rest of the series is solid 4 star work.  This one had a promising start... but enough plot holes to make swiss cheese look solid destroyed my ability to suspend disbelief, and once I started down that road it seemed like every plot move of the author brought up the \\"totally implasuable\\" alarms.  Even more... the implausable plot choices of the author put a spotlight on the predictability of the story this time around.  There are also WAY too many speaches, and WAY too much melodrama... which all adds up to a frustrating novel.  I've really enjoyed Weber's movement of the tall ship era into an interstellar future, but the downside for him is that it opens his work up to comparison with the amazingly good work of folks like C. S. Forester and Patrick O'Brian.<br /><br />I'd absolutely still recommend the series... but you might want to just blast though this one quick to move on.<br /><br />Spoilers:<br />David should have run the dome collapse idea past a crew of real engineers... because nothing about that entire plot line worked right from the beginning.  Even today, no simple operator would have the ability to modify the program of automated equipment when the performance of the equipment was THAT critical to the overall structure (and there'd have been an audit trail a mile long)... he'd have been better off having one of the engineers on the bad guys team.  Then on the QC side they have to DRILL into their concrete equivelant to test it's strength!?... we've got non-destructive ways to do that today.  That's a relatively minor point in the face of the key problem... NO modern society would EVER let a bunch of school kids onto an active jobsite UNDER a partially completed structure - TOTALLY implausable - pure Melodrama (yuk).  Then there's the schizophrenic application of technolgoy... great antigrav tech that somehow doesn't get applied to reinforce a structure under construction... but can be used for frivelous persuits like hang gliding.  I could actually go on and on picking apart this plotline but it's not really relevant, the only reason I noticed all the little stuff (like a security force that locks down airspace for a VIP but doesn't bother to have redundancy at a security station) is because of the unsuppressably large plot hole at the beginning.<br /><br />It could be that if you're not a techie you'll be able to get through this ok and still enjoy the plot as it unfolds... but I sure as heck couldn't.frivelous persuits like hang gliding.  I could actually go on and on picking apart this plotline but it's not really relevant, the only reason I noticed all the little stuff (like a security force that locks down airspace for a VIP but doesn't bother to have redundancy at a security station) is because of the unsuppressably large plot hole at the beginning.      It could be that if you're not a techie you'll be able to get through this ok and still enjoy the plot as it unfolds... but I sure as heck couldn't.
0399250395|5.0|If you have a pre-school age child anywhere on your family tree, share this book with him or her. Let Eric Carle's very hungry caterpillar take you on a colorful journey of munching - from one Sunday to the next. You'll be delighted right through to the butterfly end.  A unique use of the book's pages contribute to the fun and surprises already generated by the creative narrative and bright illustrations. (I've caught more than one adult reading it over and over.) Over 29 million copies have been sold! Avoid being the only one who hasn't read it - buy a copy and share!
B004Q1FDHO|3.0|addictive game but it needs to stop FREEZING, it does it every time I play! I have to save it everytime i bit a level, if I don't I have to start all over.
B004U8VWLE|1.0|After all the hype about the movie and I just didn't like it.  Both my husband and I watched it and both had the same opinion.  Then I asked my co-workers and they said the same thing.  To hard to follow, what was real, what wasn't.  Now my son and his g/f both liked the movie, maybe it's a generational thing.  Both my husband and I are in our 50's and our son is in his 20's.  But, I would not buy the movie or see it again.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|Lady Gaga, everything you do, every decision you make, is simply brilliant. Thanks for making great music and for being such a savvy business woman. Your fans love your style.
0780626966|5.0|Read the title. That should be enough to convince any good little Freddy/horror fan to bust out their debit card and hit that add to shopping cart button. It doesn't get much better than this; is the definitive collection, plus a kick-ass bonus dvd chock-full of special features, interviews, and music videos.  Buy it, watch it enough to turn you brains to mush, and then pray you get luck enough to have a Freddy dream where he kills you.   Don't fall asleep to dream.  And don't fall asleep during these movies, 'cuz you'll miss out on the most fun, entertaining ride of your life.    He'll be back.
1591843790|1.0|I think enchantment does not happen with a stupid smile in the face, you need to work harder for that. Don't waste your time reading this marketing bs which is a mixed curry of 20 other marketing books. I think a more genuine title would be \\"Marketing\\"<br /><br />After reading half of the book, I realized that I haven't learned anything other than some quotes from famous peoples, which are increasingly boring every time.<br /><br />And Guy, there is no formula for likeability, a good genuine person is likeable, you don't have to smile like a douchebag to be likeable.<br /><br />Where should i ship the book back ?
B000TEUSJU|4.0|The Imperial edition is the way to go for this unique film. It has the original 156 minute release , plus a \\"workprint\\" version. The extras are interesting, especially  the making of & the interview with John Steiner (Longinus). It shouldn't be watched by people under 18 (with few exceptions), or those who are easily offended. There is blood , sex & violence, plus it's not historically acurate, but still shows that power corrupts, & absolute power corrupts absolutely. Can also be used to start conversations about ethics.
B0049P1ZZQ|4.0|This a great show, even tough it's only 6 episodes long, this TV series about Zombies it's a guilty pleasure for any zombie-genre fan, Based on the comic book of the same name (which I haven't read by the way) 'The Walking Dead' is more character-based than zombie-based which is not a flaw at all, we get enough zombies, and some of them are awesome looking. The Quality of the Bluray is pretty good, tough don't be expecting the kind of quality that series such as Lost has to offer, I gave the picture quality 4 stars, could've been better, the show itself is five stars, and the Bluray itself has many interesting bonus features worth the purchase: making of the series, making of every episode, make-up and effects bits, etc. if you are a zombie geek, you should own this.
B004LAIU4I|5.0|I'm sure the Paul Simon music experts will wax eloquent about this release in long-winded, detailed, complex reviews.  I just want to say that it's about time Paul Simon gave us some more of his gifts in the form of songs to listen to and think about and enjoy all at the same time.  The short video that came up on Amazon when I went to the site for this album gave a wonderful insight into Paul's musical companions and their down-home recording space--literally an old, down home.  Thanks again, Paul!!
B0036EH3X4|4.0|Well, I'm not gonna debate about the ending of the series, I think it was heavily misunderstood, as a hardcore fan I think it was satisfactory, \\"what happened happened\\" and we get to FINALLY see Jack doing what we were waiting for, the faith of most of the characters was satisfactory (with a few exceptions) and we got most answers, not all, which I think was a good move from the writers.     Certainly my problem is with the whole season's flash-sideways, which after seeing the season finale, seems pointless and a little bit of a joke, I wish the season had been way shorter or that we got less flashes and more Island. Also even tough we get a lot of answers, some of them are shown in a very simple or even boring way, the final 4 or 5 episodes are gold, the others, seem like filler to me.    Now, there are no complaints for the Bluray edition of this season, the picture and sound quality it's superb, I tought I was gonna have a hard time watching the episodes which I didn't enjoy on TV, but the Bluray experience certainly makes them worth watching again. There are cool extras included here, the usual behind the scenes, spoofs and cast interview's stuff and \\"making of\\" of the season, but best of all, there is an epilogue included here, on the \\"The New Man In Charge\\" we get to see some of the after-finale timeline, and in a very clever way we are given more answers, more than I expected actually, it was so awesome to watch, I wish they had made more epilogues, but this one's just 'Lost' gold.    Even if you didn't like this season or the ending, I think it's worth getting to complete your collection, and specially because of the Epilogue.
0891419063|5.0|This is the best memoir I've ever read. Highly recommended for those who want an honest insight into combat and a perspective that may alter how you view life in general. \\"China Marine\\" complements this book and is also highly recommended.
0316174483|5.0|I loved this book . I wanted something my 5 yr old grandson and I could use to decorate a kids wooden picnic table. This was perfect. He picked animals he liked and each family member picks an animal to add to the table. Just painted our fingers and made the prints. Easy and fun!
142313494X|5.0|What would you say if someone told you that one of your parents was an immortal Greek god? That's the kind of situation that 14-year-old Percy Jackson is faced with.    Things got bad when his dad abandons him when he is young, leaving him to live alone with his mom. He also has ADHD and Dyslexia, though these help him in his adventures. Zeus - the brother of Poseidon, god of the sky, lightning, and all other gods -accuses him of stealing his master bolt. Zeus sends monsters to retrieve it, so Percy must go to camp half blood (a place for children that are half god half mortal) in order to be safe inside its magical borders. On his way there with his best friend and protector Grover, his mom is killed. He finds out at camp that his father is Poseidon Greek god of the sea. He also finds out that Luke son of Hermes had stolen the bolt. He was being used by the Titans to weaken Olympus and western civilization and bring them to an end. Will the gods battle with the Titans for control of the world?    The story takes place in modern time New York State and has some place in other states in the U.S.   I believe this book is great and you don't need to know about Greek mythology to understand it. It is well explained and by the end of the whole series you'll know everything there is to know about Greek mythology. You should read this book.
B001CXWWBE|5.0|I purchased this card, and I am very happy with it.  It works well with VMWARE ESXI 4.1. I have had a tough time finding a compatible network card for my test lab.  Also, the price for this card is great, compared to other expensive gigabit cards.    (update)  One thing I forgot to mention when I submitted my previous review.  This network card does come with an additional half height low profile bracket (info not listed in product description).  If you have a slim tower, no worries, the card will fit in your case once you connect the hardware to the half height bracket.
B004SQS9FA|4.0|Having long ago given up on anything resembling predictability, Radiohead comes back into weirdo-land with \\"King of Limbs.\\" Harkening back to \\"Kid A\\" and \\"Amnesiac,\\" this album twiddles the knobs and dials to play with sonic textures, loops, and affectations. An occasional melody or snippet of lyric will take a swing at you from time to time, but for the most part, Thom Yorke and company have issued a chilly album that offers the occasional feel of familiarity, but utterly refuses to offer anything warm.<br /><br />This is a bit of a surprise given that \\"In Rainbows\\" seemed to poke through with an occasional bit of humanity. \\"Lotus Flower\\" offers the closest approximation to expression. More often than not, though, \\"King of Limbs\\" is Radiohead playing with structures.  Jonny Greenwood's stuttering guitar chatters more than it sings, which leaves the atmospherics to make up for the lost parts. Added moments of stings and horn (in particular, \\"Codex\\") sometimes fill the void, just as often it is Yorke's high cry of a vocal. His repeated loop of \\"don't help me, don't hurt me\\" under \\"Give Up The Ghost\\" makes the most haunting moment on a Radiohead album since \\"Ok Computer,\\" which makes me wonder. If Radiohead went to this much trouble to be so distant and cold, why sing something that lingers in the mind so much?<br /><br />This is why \\"King of Limbs\\" still matters. Radiohead still chill, but they do so in a manner that is hard to turn away from. And it's why I'll still keep listening to them because you're never all the certain as to what will pop out of the headphones when you start the music.
B004HO6HWA|1.0|Bland acting.  Predictable dialogue. Boring, seen-it-too-many-times; something resembling action scenes.      Original was much better.
B004G600A4|5.0|This animated feature is the best I've seen from Disney Studios in many years.  It is more than a Disney update of a classic fairy tale, it is a complete reworking.  The original story by The Brother's Grimm is only 3 ½ pages in length.  As you can imagine, a lot had to be added to make it into a 140 minute move.  What was added makes the story considerably more exciting than the original, with an action scene that Indiana Jones would be proud of; in fact it looks a lot like a similar scene from Raiders.  The villainess is one of the vilest characters in Disney history, while the heroine is one of the most vulnerable and loveable.  The hero is a typical anti-hero that turns good for the sake of love, but who can blame him; Rapunzel is absolutely charming.  The scene with the floating lanterns is gorgeous.  Even the animal characters are perfect, as good those in Cinderella.  The Pixar animation is, as promised, much softer than previous Pixar films: cloths look like fabric and Rapinzel's hair looks like hair. Everything in this movie works including the surprise ending, which I won't give away.  A must see for Disney fans.
0790731924|4.0|This one is not the best of the \\"Lethal Weapon\\" series. But the Glover-Gibson magic nonetheless is present here, and that plus some pretty good actions scenes and quite a few laughs cause this one to ignite into a real crowd-pleaser. This one dates itself with the bad guys being racist South Africans, but even so it is still good entertainment today.<br /><br />This is a good movie. It is just that I enjoyed LW1, 3, and 4 even more. One of them had to be my least favorite.<br /><br />The cop \\"buddy theme\\" movie is a tried and true formula, and this one takes it to its zenith. Joe Pesci provides the usual Pesci comic relief in this one, and the bad guys are certainly there for the viewer to righteously hate. So this one mostly has it all. Highly recommended. RJB.
0756404738|3.0|After having labored through another Quothe Junior novel, I find myself wishing the author had a gift for, for want of a better word \\"loving it if it weren't lovely\\".  I can tell it is a well thought out, strange and interesting, story.  What I cannot tell is why it is not getting to the heart of the matter.  Will the last of these efforts be one a one chapter book about killing Chandrian???  I do not know, and I cannot spend my mind on a 980 page book I know will lead to another.  These are not as entertaining as the equally large 'Deathstalker' literature, while being better written is no excuse to make such a lavish effort.  At least you had a reputation of epic proportion, earned in a more 'action' oriented novel.  Jack Vance had a better touch with 'separate evolving man' than this guy will ever have.  If the protagonist is only gonna be a by product of a long story, and denial that it is himself, I just do not know..  Why not devote yourself to killing these baddies and have done with it.  Rather than a long, layered, excuse for a hopefully entertaining ending?  I give up, unless the next book is the last of Qothe, all around, lightning thrower, survivor and cold blooded excuse for a 'red haired demon'?
B002ZG99TA|3.0|After reading the reviews on this movie I decided to buy the DVD. While I liked the story line and the action, I should have taken my motion sickness medicine first. Did the director strap his camera to a hummingbird? The constant moving camera angles and tight pans had me feeling nauseous. Why do directors think this is how their audience wants to watch a movie? Though certainly entertaining, this movie should of had its cameras stuck to one track.
B000002IG4|5.0|I listen to it when I'm going to sleep and it's really good.  I listen to it over and over, again.  I'm very happy with it.  For a used item, it's in very good condition.
B000F2CC72|5.0|This might sound funny but, I'm started my Christmas shopping so I can be the crowd. This way I can get everything my family want for Christmas. I'm filling their stocking with these psp games. I love the condition of this movie, It came in the condition as if was new. I always test it out so my family won't be let down on Christmas wanting to watch the movie and for some unknown reason that it won't show.In this case it different the movie shows excellent. I will tell all my family and friends to look for you name on the list. Thank you for the movie, I feel wonderful about shopping again, If I see your name on the list. I will shop with you.
B004UXUXGE|5.0|Take everybody you know to see this film!  It is one of those essential experiences like the first time your parents brought you to a zoo, the majestic Redwoods, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, or an overnight camping trip when the nocturnal sounds and the stars are your only comforts or nightmares.    Director Werner Herzog is one of those filmmakers \\"obsessed\\" with those \\"obsessed\\" with the hidden meaning of art.  His \\"Fitzcarraldo\\" is a film about a genius (or a madman) who tries to journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle and introduce opera to the aborigine natives.  In this film, Herzog lets all of us experience a forbidden, primitive, marvelous place - The Chauvet caves of France.  And on those deep, cavern walls is something spectacular.  The first cave paintings made 32,000 years ago. Hidden in those dark caves, these paintings inspire wonder, fear, and awe. As the torches light up the animal pictures, the calcite crystals sparkle like a night sky.    Some geneticists argue that the modern human evolved when language began 50,000 years ago.   So these paintings are darn close to that historic moment - Yes, people may have talked in some primitive language...then...but now, people are communicating in an entirely different medium...painting.    There are some who can argue that these cave paintings are great symbolic pictures of art in the way that some of the best modern art paintings are. (There is even a painting of a bull embracing a woman - echoes of Picasso's Minotaur). I will not disagree.   The ice age lions are alert and ready, anxious to seize their prey.   In another scene, we witness for the first time what a battle between rhinos looked like to our early ancestors.  (They were probably fighting over sex just as humans do). The sense of movement in this cave art is thrilling. One example - there is a rhinoceros with eight horns - depicting its movement in time.      Herzog makes the intelligent choice of filming these caverns in 3 dimensions.You are....there.  Sure we have all seen some 3D films  - but this time it makes a difference.  That is, the cave paintings are not placed on straight surfaces, so the shapes of the walls are essential to the art. For example, the curve of a wall might define the back of an animal.  Another painting of a horse is framed by a heart shaped niche.  We all know that a photograph of Michelangelo's \\"David\\" is nothing like the real thing...and these paintings are part sculpture and part painting.  To appreciate the cave art, we must experience them as they looked to the communities for which they were created.     There are mythologists such as Joseph Campbell who can help us to understand the religious or ceremonial importance of these cave paintings.  But they are still a mystery.  Since it is impossible for us to go see the caves in person,   Director Herzog let's us see the caves as best as we can.    To miss this film is to miss something basic to our humanity.  Go see it.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|The first time I heard the Born This Way album I liked it. The second time I listened certain songs started getting my attention. After the third time I was hooked. There are so many things to like. Thumping dance beats, infectious choruses, and if you listen closely, a thematic thread of self-love and empowerment running through all the songs. If you're a fan of pop music, this fusion of 80's electronic anthems, euro-techno,  and 21st century dance rhythms is a must have.
B004O86JZ4|5.0|In 2011, Foo Fighters released their first album in four years of all new material, their seventh studio album \\"Wasting Light\\". This album is the straight ahead rock that they are known for, but this time around they are doing things a little different sonically. In an age of digital recording and mixing due to the ever present Pro-Tools, they went completely left of center and recorded and mixed their entire recording by way of analog in a garage. Driving this point home, they included pieces of the master tape in the compact disc and an MP3 download of the album recorded directly from vinyl in the vinyl format- which, inexplicably, is pressed at 45 RPM speed. On this new album, they recruited the production of Butch Vig who, 20 years earlier, produced the classic album \\"Nevermind\\" from Dave Grohl's previous band Nirvana with mixing from Alan Moulder (Best known for his work with Nine Inch Nails and Wolfmother).<br /><br />Aside from Vig, there are other musicians on the new album that have close ties to the Foo Fighters. For starters, the return of original guitarist Pat Smear, who left the band shortly after the release of their 1997 sophomore album \\"The Colour And The Shape\\". Also appearing on the album on the song \\"I Should Have Known\\" is Krist Novoselic, Grohl's former bandmate in Nirvana. Fee Waybill of The Tubes contributes background vocals on the anthemic rocker \\"Miss The Misery\\". Dave Grohl's hero Husker Du/Sugar frontman Bob Mould assists with guitar and vocals on \\"Dear Rosemary\\", a song that has a rhythmic pattern that's noticeably similar to The Raconteurs' song \\"Steady As She Goes\\". They turn things up a notch with the vocally distorted \\"White Limo\\" as well as \\"Arlandria\\". They channel their signature sound on \\"Rope\\", \\"A Matter Of Time\\" and the album closer, the maturity-themed \\"Walk\\". In short, the Foo Fighters have created yet another great recording with \\"Wasting Light\\", and could quite possibly go down as their best album since, well, their best album.
0634060384|1.0|I'm astounded that this is the sixth edition of anything that comes with a multitude of mistakes and wrong information.  This should come with a disclaimer of some sort or \\"a buyer beware\\" notice.  Last week I bought the Volume I (Bb version) to replace a 35 year old C copy.  Right off the bat I started playing a standard \\"Joy Spring\\" by Lee Morgan,  oops I mean Clifford Brown (who will know the difference) and starting at the last beat of the fourth line there was a triplet instead of the correct sixteenth notes and continuing on line 5, bars 2 and 4  had incorrect rhythms and notes.  Miles Davis's \\"Solar\\" has a rest instead of the mostly harmonic minor run in the last measure. Charlie Parker and Bennie Harris's \\"Ornithology\\" is missing several bars of triplets replaced with rests or other wrong notation.  I'm just getting into this volume, but it is totally disturbing and frustrating that Hal Leonard has done such a poor and shoddy job of compiling this.  It is a total waste of my time, efforts and money to revise something that should be in far better shape than it is.  Hal Leonard puts out a statement on the Preface ;  \\"The book is professionally copied and meticulously checked for accuracy in melody, harmony and rhythms.\\" Perhaps the harmony is correct (no copyright there), but the melody and rhythms are incorrect on standards and as I've said, just started to get involved with this volume.
0060574216|1.0|One of the greatest myths of current culture is the extent of differences between men and women...    Some of the sloppiest, shoddiest, most biased, least reproducible, worst designed and most overinterpreted research in the history of science purports to provide biological explanations for differences between men and women. Eminent neuroscientists once claimed that head size, spinal ganglia or brain stem structures were responsible for women's inability to think creatively, vote logically or practice medicine. Today the theories are a bit more sophisticated: men supposedly have more specialized brain hemispheres, women more elaborate emotion circuits. Though there are some differences (minor and uncorrelated with any particular ability) between male and female brains, the main problem with looking for correlations with behavior is that sex differences in cognition are massively exaggerated.    Women are thought to outperform men on tests of empathy. They do--unless test subjects are told that men are particularly good at the test, in which case men perform as well as or better than women. The same pattern holds in reverse for tests of spatial reasoning. Whenever stereotypes are brought to mind, even by something as simple as asking test subjects to check a box next to their gender, sex differences are exaggerated. Women college students told that a test is something women usually do poorly on, do poorly. Women college students told that a test is something college students usually do well on, do well. Across countries--and across time--the more prevalent the belief is that men are better than women in math, the greater the difference in girls' and boys' math scores. And that's not because girls in Iceland have more specialized brain hemispheres than do girls in Italy.    Certain sex differences are enormously important to us when we're looking for a mate, but when it comes to most of what our brains do most of the time--perceive the world, direct attention, learn new skills, encode memories, communicate (no, women don't speak more than men do), judge other people's emotions (no, men aren't inept at this)--men and women have almost entirely overlapping and fully Earth-bound abilities. Also true, there are several hormonal differences between the sexes which may influence some more primal behaviors (e.g., physical aggression). However, these once again are more likely to be reactive behaviors and not longstanding personal methods for interacting with other people.     Anyone trying to emphasize differences is only capitalizing upon the most extensive and longstanding polarized group identities to exist in the history of the species... the battle of the sexes. Any differences, real or perceived, are more likely to originate from an \\"us\\" versus \\"them\\" mentality whereas men as a category perceive more similarities between themselves and accentuate their differences from women. You see all the time, most notably in comedians. Read the The Social Identity Theory of Intergroup Behavior by Henri Tajfel. These perceived differences between the sexes are only likely accentuated through parental socialization, cultural norms, and media exposure. For a better account of differences, read Cordelia Fine's Delusions of Gender. Also, for a better book on relationships and marriage read anything by John Gottman.    Thus, Dr. Gray (if you could really even consider him such) is only further contributing to bad science by claiming our sexual counterpart, who is more anatomically similar to us than any other species on the planet, actually originates from a different world.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|I only have to say that I would never play this haphazardly, like in a car with screaming children. This album has earned my respect, so I only play it in private. On full blast of course. I can't describe this album, except to say that I'm lucid dreaming or something all throughout.    Fantasy techno-rock. Indeed.
B004132HZS|5.0|I've read Doyle's Sherlock Holmes works many times and have enjoyed many interpretations and creative spinoffs extending even into other interests ( [[ASIN:093946053X Sherlock Holmes Bridge Detective]] ).  I think this series would be a delight to any fan of the original texts.    I think the reason this series is superior is because it gets the relationships and character psychologies so well established and in a way that is faithful to the original.  And the quality craftsmanship is very evident.  Placing Holmes and Watson in present time makes for some terrific humor and may help the series feel more relevant to some.  It's not just the addition of cell phones and the like creating the interest though.  The more powerful device is our language about our emotional lives and relationships that we use in the 21st century.    The personalities make more sense to viewers using a modern dialect and the characters are more three dimensional.  The writers create psychological profiles for the two main characters including clear motivations for why the two bond together.    Still the \\"translation\\" of even simple parts of the original text into this series is just a lot of wonderful fun.  It starts with the first episode as it translates [[ASIN:1907523324 A Study in Scarlet]] into \\"A Study in Pink\\".  The scene with Watson's cell phone early in the episode is just so exquisitely written.  The episode is quick moving and suspense is maintained with a number of subplot mysteries.  When one of them is resolved 1-2 minutes from the end it is a LMAO moment at the line that drops the solution into place, \\"And you know how it always upset Mummy.\\"    If you're a Holmes and Watson fan, read A Study in Scarlet before watching this.  You'll enjoy it more.  The first episode is by far the best but the others are very good.  The first episode alone pulls this collection up to a 5 star ranking. And I don't hand out 5 stars lightly.
B003PBB4ME|4.0|Somewhat flimsy but good for the price. Keep your camera in the back to reduce the shakiness over all I am glad with this purchase
B002ZG997M|1.0|I'll keep this short since there are many other reviews that have spent time detailing all the mistakes in this film.<br /><br />Basically, it's a complete and utter waste of an interesting idea (an albeit simplistic one, but still). The fault goes squarely to two parties. The Directors and the Writer. The script is so simplistic that it actually has almost no plot. Yes, I realize, the bad guy wants the book. But ultimately, when the film is said and done, there's little there to remember back to. It felt like a video game. Character goes to area A, meets bad guys. Fights them, then heads to area B, but runs into more bad guys. etc and repeated. You could guess most everything that would happen. Very anti-climatic.<br /><br />The filming, as well, was abysmal. The directors are, to be frank, terrible.<br /><br />The worst example comes in two parts. The first being that they seem to be in love with slow motion shots, and the second being that they purposefully made it so that Eli's character never showed hardly any emotion.<br /><br />The slow motion scenes, however, were the worst. Some of the best examples of amateur filmmaking I'd say. I would never watch a movie by them ever again.<br /><br />On the acting side of things, Denzel was... well... doing what the bad directors told him to do, which ended up bad. There's nothing special about his performance. As for the girl however, she was excellent and really surprised me. She has a bright future ahead (no pun intended).<br /><br />Anyway, please do yourself a favor and pass on seeing this film. I realize that the plot and idea sounds interesting. That's because the idea IS interesting. However, the film itself, is not.<br /><br />There are only a couple moments in the film you can grasp at, but even these are like a torn rope when clung to.<br /><br />Non-Christians will feel like this film is hollywood-Christian propaganda, and Christian's will come away feeling the same, and also feeling upset that such a potential hit of a movie was wasted.<br /><br />The twist at the end, which I won't give away like some other disgruntled reviewers, wasn't all that exciting. Not because it wasn't clever, but because the directors were so bad they didn't know how to lead up to it or execute it, much like the entire film.<br /><br />It really is a shame.<br /><br />This film does not deserve a sequel in the least.<br /><br />It DOES however deserve a remake by a team of competent filmmakers who know what they are doing and have a better vision.won't give away like some other disgruntled reviewers, wasn't all that exciting. Not because it wasn't clever, but because the directors were so bad they didn't know how to lead up to it or execute it, much like the entire film.    It really is a shame.     This film does not deserve a sequel in the least.     It DOES however deserve a remake by a team of competent filmmakers who know what they are doing and have a better vision.
B0051QIGP4|1.0|For all of the hype and shameless self promotion by Gaga, this album fails to deliver. All of the interviews where she claimed it was \\"genius\\" just indicate that she's very deluded. I really tried to like this album, listening all the way through five times. It's terrible. At best, it's Europop-trash. At its worst, it's derivative of everything from Madonna to Depeche Mode. Nothing on this album is original, and the lyrics are forced and kind of stupid, even by Gaga standards. \\"Put your hands on me...John F Kennedy\\" - seriously? The only song that isn't a complete failure is \\"You and I\\", a Gaga \\"ballad\\", and I say that because at least the song's lyrics and feeling seem to be genuine, and not crafted to hook the idiot masses. This album isn't even worth the 99 cents I paid for it.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|This is album is the most happy, and magical album you will ever find. All of the songs on the album relate to loving yourself, and not being afraid to express who you really are. It is Lady Gaga's best album yet! If you haven't gotten it yet, you need to get it NOW so you can experience a musical adventure that you will never forget. Love You Gaga!!! \\" Paws Up\\" X
B004H0N4PC|4.0|On \\"Build a Rocket Boys\\" Elbow continues to draw from prog rock conventions but feels free to dispense with the weight and trappings that cloak many traditionalists in that genre by creating deeply layered songs that meander rather than saunter. The band tends to buff its music to a fine shine, like one might wax a car, till each song becomes a burnished gem, capturing the essence of long-lost days as wanton youth, the dreaminess of an afternoon, the memory or expectation of love.<br /><br />The sonorous soundscape on Elbow's song calls to mind the riot of sounds that might punctuate a summer's eve, all manner of insects, birds, incidental and background noises that come together in a dense layer of sound with its own rhythm and pulse.<br /><br />Elbow has always been articulate, both lyrically and musically, and preserves that heritage on latest CD. If there is anything missing, for me, it would be a bit more firepower and grit here and there. Elbow can rock with the best of them, and unleashing its famous restraint a bit more would not be a bad thing in my opinion.
B004EPZ06G|4.0|The Wolfpack is back with a vengeance! The Hangover 2 may be better than the original. It has more action, more Chow, and more hilarious Alan moments. It re-creates a few scenes from the original such as the opening, and the ending with the pictures of their wild night. It's been two years since that weekend in Vegas, and it's time for Stu's Wedding. The Wedding is in Thailand, and the gang is forced to bring Alan along. After having a beer with Teddy (the younger brother of Stu's fianc&eacute;e,) they wake up in Bangkok with no memory of the previous night. Alan has a shaved head, and Stu has Mike Tyson's tattoo. Throughout the day, they must deal with Monks, a stripping transsexual, getting shot, and teaming up with Mr. Chow in order to find Teddy before the Wedding. If you love the original, you'll love THE HANGOVER 2!!!
B004R8HPZY|5.0|The musicianship is wonderful.His voice is fantastic. This album is hypnotic.Whenever i play cuts of this ablum on my playlists,people stop a ask who this is.I been around the world a few times.World music intrigues me.This will please you....give it a chance.
B004K4IZ3G|5.0|I watched it 10 times.  The audio is DTS-HD Master 7.1   I have a 7.1 system and speakers and for the first time I am really using it to its max.
B004SDSSFY|1.0|I purchased this but it would not install even with help from amazon.  Fortunately they gave me a refund. I would not recommend this app.
B0051QIGP4|1.0|Here is a prime example of everything that is wrong with the music industry. Gaga is all hype, all fancy packaging surrounding an empty box, meant to fool the public into spending dollars on nothing. You could literally take any of a thousand women, put them in strange make-up and costumes, and using modern technology make them all sound exactly alike. No musical talent required. None whatsoever. This performer (I will not say singer) is strictly the choice of heavy substance abusers.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|Wish they could have an explicit version out but its an amazing deal so...<br /><br />Love this album- great tracks to rock out to. Has a retro vibe, which is totally cool.<br /><br />Get these songs stuck in your head!
B001E25MBK|5.0|what people are calling \\"noise\\" is simply the anolog nature of the source film. its like criticizing vinyl for \\"hissing\\". that IS the film. if you saw it in the theater in '71 you saw that \\"noise\\" on the screen.<br /><br />yes, something shot digitally is going to look cleaner, but let's be clear here: its not supposed to look clean.<br /><br />from editorsguild.com/v2/magazine/archives/exclusive/exclusive_082808.htm<br /><br />RE-MADE MAN<br />`The Godfather' Restoration<br />by Bill Desowitz<br /><br />The Holy Grail for digital restoration is definitely 4K. The Godfather and its indispensable sequel, The Godfather Part II, couldn't have been saved without it. Thanks to an assist from Steven Spielberg, who convinced Paramount Pictures to finance their full-digital restorations along with the re-mastering of The Godfather: Part III, the landmark Mafia saga arguably looks better than ever.<br /><br />The result is The Godfather: The Coppola Restoration, available on Blu-ray and DVD from Paramount Home Entertainment September 23, following a limited theatrical run in selected cities (the Castro Theatre in San Francisco, September 5-11; Film Forum in New York, September 12-October 2; the ArcLight Dome in Hollywood, September 19-25; and the Music Box Theatre in Chicago, October 3-16).<br /><br />\\"What took so long was waiting for technology to catch up with need,\\" asserts Robert Harris (Rear Window, Vertigo, Spartacus, Lawrence of Arabia), the specialist tapped by director Francis Ford Coppola to supervise the six-figure restoration project under the guidance of Paramount post-production chief and Spielberg alumn Martin Cohen. They worked for more than a year with Warner Bros. Motion Picture Imaging (MPI), while Pro-Tek Preservation Services inspected and stored all of the surviving film elements.<br /><br />However, the damage was worse than Harris realized as a result of decades of overuse and abuse. \\"What was left of the original camera negative [OCN] had been severely overprinted,\\" Harris explains. \\"When we received the element, I believe that there were only five or six shots in the first 20 minutes that were still original. Virtually every splice was held together with mylar tape. Tears went into image in hundreds of frames. Sections were totally without perforations. The Godfather was shot on Eastman negative 5254, which has wonderful fade characteristics, and although it had faded, it was still very, very correctible for color. Part II was probably 75 percent better, as many more prints were made and there wasn't the need to continually go back to the OCN.\\"<br /><br />The MPI team, led by technical director/senior colorist Jan Yarbrough and Daphne Dentz, vice president of Digital Services, first scanned the negative and other replacement cuts, imported the terabytes of data into the computer system and then repaired, cleaned and color-corrected every frame. In addition, MPI also made a complete set of 4K preservation negatives, separation masters, and back-up data tapes for the trilogy.<br /><br />\\"Because of the way The Godfather was shot--because of the exposures, because of the black levels, because of the grain structure--it really couldn't be done without working entirely in 4K [the equivalent of film resolution],\\" Harris suggests. \\"We harvested an image from the negative and everything and anything under the sun, and put the picture together shot by shot.\\"<br /><br />\\"Around 60 percent of The Godfather negative was destroyed or unusable, so we had to replace it with images from six different kinds of elements, including CRIs and separations from CRIs,\\" adds Yarbrough. \\"The biggest challenge was finding the replacements for the damaged areas, going through all the replacements that we could dig up, evaluating them for what the best fit was going to be, and getting that element to blend in color-wise with the existing camera negative it would literally be cut into.\\"<br /><br />Although Coppola was not directly involved, he was always available for suggestions. One adjustment was to the famous opening shot: \\"We wanted the blacks to be truly black, and the first image of Bonasera [Salvatore Corsitto] was to appear out of that,\\" Coppola recalls.<br /><br />Thus, the bulk of the aesthetic heavy lifting rested with Gordon Willis, the trilogy's iconoclastic cinematographer. Known as the \\"Prince of Darkness,\\" Willis typically underexposed light to heighten the mood of a scene and maintained strict control so his films couldn't be brightened.<br /><br />\\"The Godfathers were designed to have a kind of classic retrospective look,\\" Willis explains. \\"The lighting structure came out of a need to present Marlon Brando properly as an aging, monolithic Don. My choice was to use overhead lighting to enhance Marlon's make-up; the only thing I wanted to hide on occasion was his eyes. All the lighting came out of Marlon's need, but it worked extremely well for everything else.\\"<br /><br />Unfortunately, Willis was unable to travel to LA from Massachusetts, so he led them through the basic design telephonically, with one imperative: Do not dial out the grain structure. Cinematographer and Spielberg alum Allen Daviau (E.T.) was therefore recruited as a liaison. \\"Allen can see a quarter point difference from shot to shot,\\" Harris notes. Daviau particularly helped in defining the color black.<br /><br />\\"You have to realize that it isn't simply black,\\" Harris adds. \\"For example, the wedding scene was shot to look like 1940s Anscochrome, along with its inherent tendency to sometimes be overexposed, which in reversal means totally open whites.\\"<br /><br />For color, Willis chose an innovative combination of brassy yellow and warm red that he maintained throughout the trilogy. \\"If you notice,\\" he added, \\"I change the visual quality throughout Part II. There's a clarity in the 1950s that isn't there in the turn of the century work, which had a softer, more diffused look; keeping the color constant binds the entire tapestry together.\\"<br /><br />The most telling enhancement, oddly enough, was to The Godfather's pivotal restaurant sequence in which Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) guns down Sollozzo (Al Lettieri) and Captain McCluskey (Sterling Hayden). Due to a printing error, half of it looks like a \\"Xerox of a Xerox of a Xero,\\" according to Harris .<br /><br />\\"The story behind that scene is quite interesting,\\" he recalls. \\"When Joanne Lawson, my long-time assistant, and I were going over both recent prints as well as a 1972 print shot by shot and frame by frame, we noted major problems in the sequence--many, many dupes--and called Gordon. We explained what we were seeing, and he became momentarily silent. He then broke into an interesting grouping of expletives, and explained that the shoot had been over two nights. Both were planned to have the dailies pushed by the lab. The first night came back fine, but with the second--which is inclusive of all footage after Al exits the men's room, as well as the cutaways to Sterling Hayden and a few long shots--the lab forgot to push it, and it came back very, very thin. Gordon switched labs. Technicolor Hollywood did yeoman-like work in producing dupes to attempt to match the footage.<br /><br />\\"This was one sequence that we held to the very end of the restoration,\\" continues Harris, \\"as we had Pro-Tek inspection technician Joe Caracappa looking through hundreds of cans from which we could attempt to harvest a better image and the sequence finally looks as it should. You can really see the tension on Michael's face for the first time.\\"<br /><br />Another challenge was figuring out what stock to print on: Eastman Vision or Vision Premier. \\"We went `round and `round and did several tests and finally left the decision up to Francis, who said to go with Premier because he really liked the deep blacks,\\" Yarbrough says. \\"I get amazed with the digital tools that we have--we use Baselight--and that we're able to take the same negativeand work some magic here and get a better looking image than what Gordon could, photo-chemically, with the right densities and image resolution.\\"<br /><br />Surprisingly, Harris, the film purist, has been won over by the digital cinema version: \\"Higher resolution, steadier image, and blacks that come quite close. A beautiful image overall.\\"<br /><br />Bill Desowitz is editor of VFXWorld (vfxworld.com), part of Animation World Network (awn.com). He can be reached at bill@awn.com.h Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) guns down Sollozzo (Al Lettieri) and Captain McCluskey (Sterling Hayden). Due to a printing error, half of it looks like a \\"Xerox of a Xerox of a Xero,\\" according to Harris .    \\"The story behind that scene is quite interesting,\\" he recalls. \\"When Joanne Lawson, my long-time assistant, and I were going over both recent prints as well as a 1972 print shot by shot and frame by frame, we noted major problems in the sequence--many, many dupes--and called Gordon. We explained what we were seeing, and he became momentarily silent. He then broke into an interesting grouping of expletives, and explained that the shoot had been over two nights. Both were planned to have the dailies pushed by the lab. The first night came back fine, but with the second--which is inclusive of all footage after Al exits the men's room, as well as the cutaways to Sterling Hayden and a few long shots--the lab forgot to push it, and it came back very, very thin. Gordon switched labs. Technicolor Hollywood did yeoman-like work in producing dupes to attempt to match the footage.    \\"This was one sequence that we held to the very end of the restoration,\\" continues Harris, \\"as we had Pro-Tek inspection technician Joe Caracappa looking through hundreds of cans from which we could attempt to harvest a better image and the sequence finally looks as it should. You can really see the tension on Michael's face for the first time.\\"    Another challenge was figuring out what stock to print on: Eastman Vision or Vision Premier. \\"We went `round and `round and did several tests and finally left the decision up to Francis, who said to go with Premier because he really liked the deep blacks,\\" Yarbrough says. \\"I get amazed with the digital tools that we have--we use Baselight--and that we're able to take the same negative and work some magic here and get a better looking image than what Gordon could, photo-chemically, with the right densities and image resolution.\\"    Surprisingly, Harris, the film purist, has been won over by the digital cinema version: \\"Higher resolution, steadier image, and blacks that come quite close. A beautiful image overall.\\"    Bill Desowitz is editor of VFXWorld (vfxworld.com), part of Animation World Network (awn.com). He can be reached at bill@awn.com.
B004FOA84A|5.0|Love point and click games and this one was cleverly designed for phone use. I hope there are more soon!
B0051QIGP4|5.0|While there are a couple of Lady Gaga songs like Pokerface that I have heard in the past and really like, this isn't a genre of music that I really listen to much and I wouldn't consider myself a fan before now.  I would have probably never bought this album (unless I heard it first - it turned out to be great), but saw it on the gold box deal the first day it was listed, and for .99 I figured it was worth it for the cloud storage.  I personally was surprised and pleased with this album.  It is an awesome work and shows a number of different styles that show her talent from the electro sounds of Heavy Metal Lover to the more metal(ish - it's relative here) sounds of Electric Chapel.  There are more songs on this album that I like than I find on most albums in the genres from bands I prefer.  While the cover art might be a little scary the music content is at least to me awesome.    I don't think the samples you can play for this do the album justice.  Best .99 I've spent.
B000EGDB10|5.0|My mission here, dare I accept it, is to explain the very simple plot of this film (way TOO many people have declared and/or criticized the plot being too convoluted) because a LOT of people (for God knows what reason) just didn't understand it. Yes, believe it or not, but a lot of critics (professional and on here) have cited the VERY simple plot of this film TOO complicated and/or convoluted. I have even heard it referred to as \\"Mission Plot: Impenetrable\\". So many critics wanted to declare the plot of this film incomprehensible. I just watched some old clips from \\"Siskel & Ebert At The Movies\\" a couple of months ago, and I saw their review of this, and honestly I was torn between laughter and terror. Laughter at how ignoramous they sounded saying that the plot was so complicated and convoluted and hard to follow; and terrified for the very same reasons, because I sensed that it was as if they were trying to use power of suggestion on people, convincing them ahead of time that they will not understand this film. (Trust me, critics get paid to do such things!) I had NO problem understanding the brilliant plot of this film! Matter of fact, that was one of the main reasons I loved it so much (other than De Palma's awesome style and techniques). This is worthwhile, intelligent entertainment, though not for the cerebrally challenged. No offense!<br /><br />Like \\"The Untouchables\\" (another film from a classic tv show that De Palma made for Paramount), producers Tom Cruise and Paula Wagner hired Brian De Palma to direct this espionage/action/summer popcorn fest for Paramount, and once he did, it became a 'Brian De Palma film', filled with lots of psychological profiles, deceptive characters, and a whole host of other mind blowing craftmanship that only he can deliver. Working from a script by Robert Townshend (\\"Chinatown\\") and David Koep (who worked with De Palma on \\"Carlito's Way\\" and \\"Snake Eyes\\"), De Palma delivered a tour-de-force of psychological/action/espionage that is just as mind blowing today as it was when it was released to great acclaim 15 years ago. Yes, still a classic, if not more so, after all these years!<br /><br />De Palma's trademark touches are throughout the entire film, swirling camera work, altered camera angles, split screen, split dioptor, et al. I haven't seen a film in this genre of such magnitude in a long time! And, even though Cruise was a producer of the film, he and De Palma butted heads over budget (Cruise was concerned about going over, and De Palma said \\"F**k it, who cares!\\"), and it's obvious Paramount knew who to listen to about that matter (plus, we ALL know what an egotistical/arrogant/ignorant a**hole Cruise is anyways), letting De Palma make the film HIS and not Cruise's. De Palma paces it in such a way that every climatic scene just builds and builds until he (literally) blows you out of your seat at the end.<br /><br />The film opens with a typical De Palma 'bait and switch' scene (where you see one thing, but it turns out to be something entirely different than what you expected it to be), where we are introduced to the first team of spy agents, led by Ethan Hunt (who we all know by now was played by Tom Cruise). They return to base headquarters, and their boss Mr. Phelps (Jon Voight in a superb performance) returns from vacation and sends them on a new mission on a mole hunt to recover a stolen NOC list, a list of spies' names that matches another disc with their code names, and this list of names CANNOT get out in the open. Emilio Estevez turns in a wonderful uncredited performance as Jack, one of the team members (he did it just for the opportunity to work with De Palma) who is first to meet with a sinister fate when this mission goes horribly/horrifyingly wrong. The rest of the team is killed, Mr. Phelps is shot, so Ethan is the lone survivor, making him the lead suspect as the mole. He is then disavowed as an agent.<br /><br />Enter Kittridge (Henry Czerny), the head of the whole operation, who is now on the trail of Ethan with (almost) a vengeance, so Ethan goes into hiding. That's when Ethan discovers the trail of 'JOB' and Max, and proceeds by internet to meet with Max (the awesome Vanessa Redgrave in one of her best roles ever). Claire (Emmanuelle Beart), one of the previous team members -and Mr. Phelps' wife (and thought dead)- finds Ethan and lets him know that she is alive after all, leading Ethan to be suspicious of her, even as they rebuild a new team of spies (Jean Reno and Ving Rhames -who worked with De Palma in \\"Casualties Of War\\") from a list of other disavowed agents.<br /><br />Then, out of the blue Mr. Phelps returns in a pivotal scene that De Palma plays for all it's worth, with Jim (Phelps) telling Ethan his version of the failed mission, him getting shot, and how he survived, all the while Ethan is having flashbacks of how it REALLY happened (very reminiscent of Hitchcock's classics \\"Stagefright\\" which opened with a 'false flashback', and \\"I Confess\\", which featured pivotal flashbacks that revealed more than what was being told), letting the viewer in on who REALLY set up Ethan's team for the assassination.<br /><br />Ethan and team break into Langley in one of the most memorable exhilerating/breathtaking scenes in cinema history to steal the real NOC list so it can be delivered to Max in return for Job. This leads to one of the most awesome set pieces in espionage/action movie history, setting the most climatic scene of all on a train moving at high speed. Ethan saves the NOC list from getting into the open, exposes Job for who he really is, and he and his team are re-avowed back into the spy business. See, simple plot!<br /><br />De Palma employs a very old technique: Tell a simple story in a very complicated way, something that Hitchcock, Kubrick, Antonioni, Bergman, Fellini, Lynch, and any other great director does to make a great film. And, this is a GREAT film! Forget the sequels (if they could be called such) even exist, for this is the ONLY 'Mission' that exists other than the tv show it is based on. This film has such a cool psychological angle as well as one of espionage. \\"Mission: Impossible\\" puts a solid stamp into this genre in my opinion.<br /><br />Oh yeah, a final twist: \\"How about a cinema of Aruba, Mr. Hunt???\\". Now this message is gonna self destruct...<br />Thank you! :>)trail of Ethan with (almost) a vengeance, so Ethan goes into hiding. That's when Ethan discovers the trail of 'JOB' and Max, and proceeds by internet to meet with Max (the awesome Vanessa Redgrave in one of her best roles ever). Claire (Emmanuelle Beart), one of the previous team members -and Mr. Phelps' wife (and thought dead)- finds Ethan and lets him know that she is alive after all, leading Ethan to be suspicious of her, even as they rebuild a new team of spies (Jean Reno and Ving Rhames -who worked with De Palma in \\"Casualties Of War\\") from a list of other disavowed agents.     Then, out of the blue Mr. Phelps returns in a pivotal scene that De Palma plays for all it's worth, with Jim (Phelps) telling Ethan his version of the failed mission, him getting shot, and how he survived, all the while Ethan is having flashbacks of how it REALLY happened (very reminiscent of Hitchcock's classics \\"Stagefright\\" which opened with a 'false flashback', and \\"I Confess\\", which featured pivotal flashbacks that revealed more than what was being told), letting the viewer in on who REALLY set up Ethan's team for the assassination.     Ethan and team break into Langley in one of the most memorable exhilerating/breathtaking scenes in cinema history to steal the real NOC list so it can be delivered to Max in return for Job. This leads to one of the most awesome set pieces in espionage/action movie history, setting the most climatic scene of all on a train moving at high speed. Ethan saves the NOC list from getting into the open, exposes Job for who he really is, and he and his team are re-avowed back into the spy business. See, simple plot!     De Palma employs a very old technique: Tell a simple story in a very complicated way, something that Hitchcock, Kubrick, Antonioni, Bergman, Fellini, Lynch, and any other great director does to make a great film. And, this is a GREAT film! Forget the sequels (if they could be called such) even exist, for this is the ONLY 'Mission' that existsother than the tv show it is based on. This film has such a cool psychological angle as well as one of espionage. \\"Mission: Impossible\\" puts a solid stamp into this genre in my opinion.     Oh yeah, a final twist: \\"How about a cinema of Aruba, Mr. Hunt???\\". Now this message is gonna self destruct...   Thank you! :>)
B0051QO4QY|1.0|I was excited today to find that my preordered CD had arrived a day earlier than expected (which is to say, only three days after it was out in stores, rather than four). I was less thrilled when I found out that what I had purchased was censored. I really wish Amazon had specified this, so that I could have gone elsewhere.
B004EWEX9Y|5.0|Based on my experience with a 3GS    First things first.  The product works with ease.  Connect to the phone, connect to the TV.  Apps auto recognize that you are connected to the tv and off you go.  No complaints here.    Now, what I didn't realize (and this is my fault for not researching further) but for basically anything pre-iphone 4, the TV video out is only supported for 1st party apps.  So, Ipod, Youtube, and videos taken from your phone will play nicely.  Others, such as Netflix (which was my main interest) DO NOT SUPPORT TV-video out.  Apparently this functionality is only available with the newer model iphones and touches.      So, if you don't have the latest and greatest please be advised.  Otherwise, the cable itself works great.
B004K4AUZW|1.0|I was excited today to find that my preordered CD had arrived a day earlier than expected (which is to say, only three days after it was out in stores, rather than four). I was less thrilled when I found out that what I had purchased was censored. I really wish Amazon had specified this, so that I could have gone elsewhere.
006145205X|3.0|Ridley did not turn me into a Raving Optimist with this book.  There are too many dismal facts he either leaves out or tries to conjure away.  But there are certainly positive trends, and he does temporarily cheer me up by reminding me of some of them.<br /><br />Ridley's training is in zoology, and his pronouncements about barter networks, a key underlying assumption for his optimistic argument, are uninformed by research in anthropology and sociology.<br /><br />But one of my favorite lines in the book and one of my reasons for giving it 3 stars follows a discussion of potential clean energy sources to replace fossil fuels and address global warming/climate change:<br /><br />\\"The way to choose which of these technologies to adopt is simple:  enact a heavy carbon tax, and cut payroll taxes ... to the same extent.  That would encourage employment and discourage carbon emissions.\\"<br /><br />Bravo!  Ridley sounds for the most part like a libertarian, but by advocating a massive carbon tax, he redeems himself.
B000H7I6CU|5.0|la pelicula es muy entretenida para chicos y grandes lo unico malo es que no la producen en español en el formato blu-ray
B004P02OJ6|3.0|I wish I had Disregarded  most of the 3 star reviews as I would have rented sooner! Much better than expected.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|Gotta love amazon! I'm not really a Gaga fan but once I saw the deal amazon was running I couldn't pass it up.  The purchase was well worth it.  The music sounds great, and love the sound quality of amazon digital downloads.
B004L79VUI|4.0|If you are fan of anything the Band or Clapton has ever done - this is a tremendous addition to your musical collection.  It's original, mystifying and incredibly well done.  Would love to see another release from these guys.
1400049628|5.0|Ok this book is pretty fun to read. I noticed some bad reviews. Ignore them. If you like zombies, get this book. Ordered from Amazon and was at home within 4 days and in great shape.
0345529057|2.0|I thoroughly enjoyed the first book; I ordered this 4-set just for the price.  They are 50% smaller than the original Book1, but the same amt of pages?  Maybe I'm being ignorant, and I do see a smaller font, but I don't want to risk less material.  I've sent it back and am buying the individual, larger books.
B002WY65W4|5.0|Ok. I think that this movie was great. It was funny, it had zombies, woody harrelson and Bill Murray. Whats with the bad reviews? I think people over analyze movies. They are made for entertainment. Not for people to go picking through it to find what they dont like.     I agree that most movie previews these days make any film look amazing but you should expect that now.    Great movie.
B0034G4P8A|5.0|Honestly... just WOW. I saw this a few weeks ago and I'm still shaking from what an incredible movie it was. I tried many times to review it but I gave up each time because I was afraid words wouldn't do the film justice... and now that I've had a bit of time to digest the movie, I guess I can write a review now.<br /><br />I was stoked about this movie right from the get go. I am a fan of The Avengers, and have seen pretty much every movie that has led up to the upcoming Avengers movie. OK, The Incredible Hulk was tedious and forgettable, but looking past that, I enjoyed Iron man I and II, and when I heard Thor was being made, my excitement level was turned up to 11. Not to mention Captain America is coming this summer, and I am extremely stoked for that movie.<br /><br />Thor is more of an origin movie than anything else, really- we learn of Thor's past on Asgard, and how he was castout for disrespecting Odin's Honour, and relieved of his powers with the Hammer. We then go to earth, where a group of scientists have found him, study him, and in a way, try to protect him from a rival research group, who have set up an expedition centre surrounding the hammer. Furthermore, Odin is dying, and in this respect, Thor's brother Loki has been handed the throne, thus creating a potential conflict between Earth and Asgard.<br /><br />Not many people knew of Thor- Thor was a b-list hero in his day, as was Iron Man. But I feel that thanks to this movie, Thor will become the new Iron Man, and it will develop a cult following of its own someday. Kenneth Branagh takes the director's chair here, and manages to produce a very theatrical, shakespearian production. There's even tilted camera shots in this, which gives it a cool 90s Flash vibe. Chris Hemsworth is brilliant as Thor, and has adapted his humourous and quirky mannerisms well. Anthony Hopkins is brilliant as Odin as well, and Natalie Portman hams it up- in a good way of course, Portman is an incredible actress and really knows how to carry a film.<br /><br />If I had one complaint, it's the 3D. I would strongly advise against seeing it in 3D- it wasn't filmed in 3D to begin with, it was converted in post. There are a few pretty Asgard shots worthy of the 3D treatment but just a handful of shots isn't enough. It looked flat, and darkened the look of the film.<br /><br />That being said, this movie is a clear reminder of why we go to the cinema. Branagh has given us a fantastic adaptation of Thor, and has gotten me excited for Captain America and The Avengers. Oh, there's a Jeremy Renner cameo as Hawkeye, and stay through the credits for a great teaser for The Avengers!!!<br /><br />OVERALL: 10/10<br /><br />PROS:<br />-Great acting<br />-One of the best scripts of 2011<br />-Awesome cinematography<br />-Thrilling Action<br />-Movie is appropriately paced, allowing equal amounts of action and character development<br /><br />CONS:<br />-See it in 2D. 98% of the film's shots are unworthy of 3D. There is no depth in the 3D and it looks terribly dull..    If I had one complaint, it's the 3D. I would strongly advise against seeing it in 3D- it wasn't filmed in 3D to begin with, it was converted in post. There are a few pretty Asgard shots worthy of the 3D treatment but just a handful of shots isn't enough. It looked flat, and darkened the look of the film.    That being said, this movie is a clear reminder of why we go to the cinema. Branagh has given us a fantastic adaptation of Thor, and has gotten me excited for Captain America and The Avengers. Oh, there's a Jeremy Renner cameo as Hawkeye, and stay through the credits for a great teaser for The Avengers!!!    OVERALL: 10/10    PROS:  -Great acting  -One of the best scripts of 2011  -Awesome cinematography  -Thrilling Action  -Movie is appropriately paced, allowing equal amounts of action and character development    CONS:  -See it in 2D. 98% of the film's shots are unworthy of 3D. There is no depth in the 3D and it looks terribly dull.
B001UV4XI8|4.0|Great movie but nothing compared to the book.  Very sad in parts and a bit too graphic for teens when they try to smash the horcrux.  Can't wait for the next one.
B00122MWBK|4.0|I love the Goo Goo Dolls, they're my favorite band by far. This is a great CD, though they lacked some great songs. I know people pretty much summed it up that this CD is for the mainstream, but would adding \\"Naked\\", \\"Long Way Down\\" and \\"Give a Little Bit\\" be too much to ask? Whatever, not a big deal to me. My 4 out of 5 stars is because my favorite song, \\"Name\\", was redone... \\"unplugged\\". Out of every song, why did it have to be this. Why couldn't it have been \\"Iris\\" for crying out loud. I made a compilation of their best songs before this came out, I just can't help but question why \\"Name\\" was redone and did not do justice to the original song.
0316067938|5.0|Dear Stephanie Meyers,     WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW!!!!! I loved this book and I cried like I was a baby at the last battle scene. I'm a bit suprised that jacob is in love with renesme (and I'm not the biggest fan of that name) but who cares. it was a great story and a happy ending. I wish this wasn't the end. What are Bella and Edward going to do now? The Voluturi weren't as mean as I would have liked, I mean the voluturi are supposed to be big bad vampires but they just run away like scared children. that's the only part I didnt love. But really brava! I hope you're hiding another twilight book in your hat somewhere. Please Please?    I'm going to read the books again.    Love (That's right, LOVE!!!)   LM
B0042JH05I|3.0|He can still bring it no matter what he sings. Not what I wanted when I bought this but it was still very entertaining
0439023521|5.0|I bought the series for my 20 year old son.  He couldn't put the books down.  He really enjoyed them.
B001AQMBJG|4.0|Lolita (drama, romance)<br />Directed by Stanley Kubrick<br />Starring James Mason, Peter Sellers, Shelley Winters and Sue Lyon<br /><br />Warner Bros.   1962   154 min   Released May 31, 2011<br /><br />Video:<br />Video codec: MPEG-4 AVC<br />Video resolution: 1080p<br />Aspect ratio: 1.66:1<br /><br />Audio:<br />English: DTS-HD Master Audio 1.0<br />French: Dolby Digital 1.0<br />German: Dolby Digital 1.0<br />Italian: Dolby Digital 1.0<br />Portuguese: Dolby Digital 1.0<br />Spanish (Castillan and Latin): Dolby Digital 1.0<br /><br />Subtitles:<br />English SDH, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Norwegian, Portuguese, Portuguese (Brasil), Spanish (Castillan and Latin), Swedish<br /><br />Disc:<br />Single 25GB Blu-ray Disc<br /><br />The Film 4/5<br /><br />Stanley Kubrick was capable of working in any genre, ranging from historical epics to futuristic science fiction. He gave us serious drama and dark comedy. Lolita certainly has its serious moments, but it's also filled with dark humor and is arguably his most controversial film.<br /><br />Vladimir Nabokov's book was about a 12-year-old girl and would have been an even more controversial film if Kubrick had kept Lolita at that age. In the film, Lolita (Lyon) is a 14-year-old and it changes the overall tone somewhat.<br /><br />Professor Humbert Humbert (Mason) is a British author looking for a home in New Hampshire. He visits Charlotte Haze (Winters) who is looking to rent a room. Humbert is on the verge of leaving and looking elsewhere, but sees her daughter, Lolita, sunbathing in the garden. He decides to stay and becomes obsessed with her. From his viewpoint, Lolita is flirting with him. She kisses him and plays with her hula hoop right in front of him. Meanwhile, Charlotte is hoping to start a relationship of her own with Humbert and doesn't notice the attention he gives Lolita.<br /><br />Humbert's obsession grows and he keeps a secret journal about his feelings, but he's dismayed when Charlotte sends Lolita to summer camp 200 miles away. Charlotte then writes a letter to Humbert declaring her love for him and issues an ultimatum. She tells him to leave, or stay and marry her. He finds the letter hilarious and has no interest in her, but marries her to be close to Lolita. This act shows the extent of his obsession.<br /><br />After the marriage, Charlotte decides to send Lolita to boarding school. Humbert fantasizes about killing her and spending the rest of his life with Lolita. Charlotte discovers his diary and true feelings and decides that she can't live with the knowledge, leaving Humbert to pursue his plan.<br /><br />Another key character is that of Clare Quilty (Sellers). The opening scene of the film shows Humbert tracking down Quilty and shooting him. The remainder of the film shows the events leading up to Quilty's murder. Sellers plays the part well and tries to manipulate Humbert by pretending to be several different people. In Dr. Strangelove, the characters he portrays actually are separate individuals, but that's not the case here. Sellers writes plays and wants Lolita to appear in one, but seems to have an ulterior motive.<br /><br />We see everything from Humbert's point of view and he's also the narrator at times. Was Kubrick trying to make us empathize with Humbert's feelings by placing us in his position? Was he trying to get us to root for Humbert and hope that he would somehow end up with Lolita?<br /><br />The film is long at 154 minutes, but never seems to drag. Although we know that Humbert shoots Quilty, we don't know why until we see the preceding events. Kubrick makes some of Lolita's actions deliberately ambiguous so that we're left wondering whether she was flirting with Humbert. The overall impression is that she's not as innocent as she may appear.<br /><br />The film is mainly about obsession and its impact on people's lives. Humbert's thoughts are far from pure. He wants Lolita and, although he doesn't kill Charlotte, he certainly considers doing so. The choice to make Lolita 14 helped avoid some of the controversy, but this is still a film that will be emotionally upsetting for some. Much of its impact depends on our imagination and will vary from one viewer to the next.<br /><br />Mason is particularly effective as the polite Englishman, while Sellers and Winters also play their parts well. Lyon doesn't get much time on screen considering she's the motivation for everything that Humbert does, but she's believable in the role.<br /><br />With the release of Lolita and Barry Lyndon, and The Killing announced for August (with Killer's Kiss among the special features), all of Kubrick's films will be available on Blu-ray with the exception of Fear and Desire which he disowned.<br /><br />Video Quality 3.5/5<br />Lolita looks a little disappointing on Blu-ray. The 154-minute running time is contained on a single-layered disc with a modest bitrate, making me wonder whether the quality was compromised. The black and white presentation is lacking in detail and generally looks soft. It doesn't hold up well alongside a title such as Psycho. Grain is light and some scenes do look quite impressive, but I hoped for more. It's still a clear upgrade over the DVD of course.<br /><br />Audio Quality 4/5<br />The DTS-HD Master Audio 1.0 track is a definite upgrade. The mono presentation packs quite a punch and dialogue is clear throughout. We can also hear background effects such as water filling Charlotte's bath. There are no disturbing pops or crackles. The sound quality couldn't have been much better considering the limitations of the source.<br /><br />Special Effects 0/5<br /><br />With the exception of a 1-minute trailer in SD, there's nothing included apart from the film.<br /><br />Lolita demonstrates the variety of Kubrick's subject matter and challenges the audience. I would recommend the Blu-ray to any Kubrick fan as I believe it's one of his best films. It has drama, a sense of mystery and a lot of humor. It's an easy decision for fans of the film with Amazon.com's asking price of $14.99 at the time of writing.<br /><br />For those new to the film, be aware that the presentation is merely adequate. The story won't be for everyone and could drag if you aren't familiar with Kubrick's style.<br /><br />I'm delighted to have it in my collection, but did hope for a release with better video quality and extensive special features.<br /><br />Overall 4/5g for some. Much of its impact depends on our imagination and will vary from one viewer to the next.    Mason is particularly effective as the polite Englishman, while Sellers and Winters also play their parts well. Lyon doesn't get much time on screen considering she's the motivation for everything that Humbert does, but she's believable in the role.    With the release of Lolita and Barry Lyndon, and The Killing announced for August (with Killer's Kiss among the special features), all of Kubrick's films will be available on Blu-ray with the exception of Fear and Desire which he disowned.    Video Quality 3.5/5  Lolita looks a little disappointing on Blu-ray. The 154-minute running time is contained on a single-layered disc with a modest bitrate, making me wonder whether the quality was compromised. The black and white presentation is lacking in detail and generally looks soft. It doesn't hold up well alongside a title such as Psycho. Grain is light and some scenes do look quite impressive, but I hoped for more. It's still a clear upgrade over the DVD of course.    Audio Quality 4/5  The DTS-HD Master Audio 1.0 track is a definite upgrade. The mono presentation packs quite a punch and dialogue is clear throughout. We can also hear background effects such as water filling Charlotte's bath. There are no disturbing pops or crackles. The sound quality couldn't have been much better considering the limitations of the source.    Special Effects 0/5    With the exception of a 1-minute trailer in SD, there's nothing included apart from the film.    Lolita demonstrates the variety of Kubrick's subject matter and challenges the audience. I would recommend the Blu-ray to any Kubrick fan as I believe it's one of his best films. It has drama, a sense of mystery and a lot of humor. It's an easy decision for fans of the film with Amazon.com's asking price of $14.99 at the time of writing.    For those new to the film, be aware that the presentation is merely adequate. The story won't be for everyone and could drag if you aren't familiar with Kubrick's style.    I'm delighted to have it in my collection, but did hope for a release with better video quality and extensive special features.    Overall 4/5
B002UM5BXW|5.0|Anthony Bourdain puts it all in perspective with his storyline and truth. Makes one sit up and take notice of what it takes to keep the kitchens open and why we enjoy going out to dine
184767481X|5.0|Like at least one other reviewer, I wondered if the comics in the book would be as funny and cute without the sound effects you hear in the cartoons, and I was really glad to see that they are.  Just in a different way.  I can't wait 'til \\"Beyond the Fence\\" arrives! I love Simon's cat!
B0000CC5CS|4.0|Ok...so I was never a big fan of the Terminator movies until recently. I never even saw T1 or T3 til Salvation turned me onto this movie series.(T2 is on every weekend, and everyone has seen it like 100 times, consider this b4 you buy it for $15.00 or whatever)    I thought Terminator Salvation was one of the best movies of the year. So when I sat down and watched this, I was blown away.    I liked this movie, it's not as edgy as T2, but it's great. Nobody wanted to hear this part of the story, but it had to be done. I think it was done rather well.    What I liked most of all is: As you watch this, you can't help feel like it's a T2 ripoff. (That's probably why most fans didn't go 4 this movie) You think they will yet again stop judgement day from ever happening and everything will be alright. Until you get to that last scene, at the end, where they go down the elevator to the shelter for VIP's and realize that they can't stop it. They never could. I thought this was AWESOME and the only rational way to end this movie. Safe 2 say that my favorite part of this movie is the last half hour or so.
B000KKPN5C|4.0|Coupled with my Nikon D40, this is a great flash for the price.  The camera reads the situation and sets an excellent level most every time.  It really depends on what kind of brightness you're looking for.  (which you can adjust in the camera settings)  It creates a very large buffer for error when changing shutter speeds and aperture.  Only downside for me?  No left-or-right swivel options.  You can only bounce light off of the ceiling with it.  Recharges quickly also.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|Simply one of the best games since Angry Birds! Just as addicting if not more addicting! Definitely worth the price for endless fun!
0395389496|5.0|Christmas is the most important day of the year. My mental calendar is a horizontal oval with winter on top, summer on the bottom, fall on the left and spring on the right. Upper left is Christmas: the beginning and goal of everything.<br /><br />This spring my wife asked me to build a Polar Express train layout for our 4 1/2 year-old grandson. I'd never read the book or seen the movie, so I had some research to do. My sister told me that the author is a neighbor (true enough, I think, for anyone living in Rhode Island). The book was very evocative--but also very economical, as so much great art and literature is. I appreciate the writers who developed the script for the movie, but the movie is, after all, a different work--and it's the movie to which Lionel and I suppose the rest of us mainly respond.<br /><br />How do you take all the stuff in either the book or the movie and represent it with an oval of track? I decided not to attempt to model a journey, but just a couple of spaces--the boys' homes and the tree at the Pole. I learned about representing things with cookie jars and Department 56 ceramics--things every Lionel person knows but which are a universe away from the prototype modeling I've done in HO.<br /><br />Anyway, if you like the book and/or the movie, go for the \\"traditional O-scale\\" Lionel train set. Buy the extra add-on figures (Santa, hobo, Billy, and Hero Girl--the three trainmen and Hero Boy come with the set), the Hot Chocolate Car, and some caribou. Skip the rest: what you have is plenty for 4' x 6'.<br /><br />I thought Grammie should get something out of this, so the layout has two loops of tracks, and I assembled a Christmas train for her out of individual Lionel offerings over the past couple of decades: I'd recommend the green Christmas version of the the Harry Potter engine, the reindeer stock and flat cars, and the Nutcracker baggage car and coach.<br /><br />I also wondered what direction I would take if I wanted to express my own vision of Christmas though Lionel trains. Fortunately (there's always an excuse for more trains) we \\"needed\\" a Christmas layout in our Rhode Island cabin, too. Long ago, during the per-diem craze, I developed a love of colorful boxcars--a love not satisfied through my prototype modeling of the fifties. So I thought I might assembly a few boxcars whose heralds or road-names suggested northern forests: the layout would be entirely frosted evergreens and would have a single industry: cutting Christmas trees. I ended up with far more boxcars than I needed for a Christmas layout, but the idea seems to be working--Maine Central, Bangor and Aroostook, Canadian Pacific and so forth, headed up by Lionel's Mikado Jr.<br /><br />Well, that's what Chris gave us for Christmas this year. Thanks, neighbor!Fortunately (there's always an excuse for more trains) we \\"needed\\" a Christmas layout in our Rhode Island cabin, too. Long ago, during the per-diem craze, I developed a love of colorful boxcars--a love not satisfied through my prototype modeling of the fifties. So I thought I might assembly a few boxcars whose heralds or road-names suggested northern forests: the layout would be entirely frosted evergreens and would have a single industry: cutting Christmas trees. I ended up with far more boxcars than I needed for a Christmas layout, but the idea seems to be working--Maine Central, Bangor and Aroostook, Canadian Pacific and so forth, headed up by Lionel's Mikado Jr.    Well, that's what Chris gave us for Christmas this year. Thanks, neighbor!
0756404738|4.0|Kvooooothe....old buddy old pal.  Where have you been?  No, no, man, come in, I love you!  Here, have a seat by the fire!  I've been waiting forever for the next part of your story!  Say...hold on...what's that in your pocket?  Are those PANTIES?  What's up with that?  Never mind, never mind.  It must have been terrible, being kicked out of the Univ...oh.  Oh, you're still there.  But then, how did you...oh.  During...your...sabbatical...    The major problem with Wise Man's Fear, for me, was the structure.  Anyone who read the first book is fully aware that Kvothe is going to get his ginger butt kicked out of the University at some point.  I fully expected Rothfuss to do it fairly quickly.  Kvothe had, after all, proceeded pretty far in his studies.  He'd established himself as a dangerously precocious student, he'd saved a few girls from fires, made a few enemies.  All that was left was a few lessons with Elodin, and then it was time for the old heave-ho.  It's not that I don't like the University, but let's face it, the whole thing is a side-plot from his main quest concerning the Chandrian, which the end of TNotW proved he still hasn't given up on.  And this is a trilogy, not an open-ended series.  Rothfuss, I thought, only had limited page space to make Kvothe a legend.  He had to get a move on.     Unfortunately, Rothfuss seems a touch reluctant to let go of the University as a setting.  Perhaps that will be necessary in book 3, perhaps not.  But it means he has to fit Kvothe's rise to badassery in around the University, and that becomes problematic.  Since Kvothe is denied actually LEAVING the university, his adventures on the outside are turned into a side quest.  And another side quest.  And another.  Rothfuss seems very unwilling to simply clear a slate and let Kvothe start something new.  He always ends up with a lot hanging over his head.      The problem with using a structure like this, aside from the fact that it makes a reader antsy when an unfinished plot is neglected for so long, is that it starts to stretch the bounds of credulity.  Kvothe's adventures in Wise Man's Fear are extremely episodic and unrelated, and there are a lot of them.  To some extent, we could buy this in a lone adventurer traveling across the land with a decent amount of time to get into trouble.  But that's not the way this story runs.  We spend a lot of our time in the side quest of a side quest of another side quest.  Kvothe meets something he should never have met while surviving a woman he shouldn't have survived while accomplishing a quest he shouldn't have been qualified for while serving a man he realistically shouldn't be so buddy-buddy with.  We can accept that a nomadic swordsman will have adventures once in a while, with an indeterminate time separating them.  It may not be likely that one man gets into all of this, but a la Hobbit we can just go with it to some extent.  As fantasy readers, we accept a lot.      What becomes harder to accept is the sheer amount of \\"just-so-happened\\"s necessary to a story in which each adventure occurs while on another adventure, and occurs in a neat and well-packaged timeframe so that the hero can get back soon enough that he doesn't have to rush on polishing off the adventure he started out on.  Or the adventure which THAT adventure is an off-shoot of, and so on.  It's like reading the Matryoshka dolls of fantasy.  Kvothe opens the new adventure and discovers...wait for it...ANOTHER ADVENTURE!  It all starts to feel a little ridiculous (and that's setting aside Denna's miraculous appearances EVERYWHERE.  In the first book, I could buy it, as they were in the same general vicinity anyway and she was clearly stalking him, but when he manages to just bump into her in various places across the world, my forgiving nature begins to feel strained).      So the structure is a clear weakness, as is the preponderance of coincidence (that sounded a touch less pretentious in my head).  Another, regrettably, is the content, particularly in the latter part of the novel.  It starts off well (and I'll say more on that in a moment), but Kvothe's abrupt about-face into a complete horndog and super-badass about halfway through the novel feels a little too sudden, and also a bit problematic with the text's conceit.  What drew me to the first installment was the personal nature of it, the humility.  In Name of the Wind, Kvothe was (as far I could tell) basically saying \\"You all know the unlikely and legendary stories about me.  This is the reality that inspired the legend.\\"  In Wise Man's Fear, Kvothe seems to have gone to \\"You all know the unlikely and legendary stories about me...AND THEY'RE ALL TRUE, BWA HA HA!\\"  I've fervently defended Kvothe from charges of being a Mary-Sue before, but by the end of the novel, he's starting to look like one.  He gets most every girl he wants, he's a superior fighter (after a few weeks of training, in a medieval society...uh huh...), he's one of the most powerful wizards in the world, and he's just written the Commonwealth's latest number one pop hit.      What remains to be seen is how truthful exactly Kvothe is being about this.  Parts of his story at least are being verified by Bast, but Rothfuss teased the possibility of Kvothe either exaggerating or wholesale fibbing even more heavily in this installment.  It would do much to make the story more palatable if Kvothe was lying in some particulars, but that remains to be seen.  I have to review the text I have, not the one I may get in the future.    I've given the bad.  Now for the good.  The first part of the novel is excellent, as good as the first.  In fact, it's not until Felurian that things really start feeling strained.  Rothfuss's writing is tighter in this installment as well, with far fewer of the over-the-top metaphors that were endearing but a little distracting in the first one.  His style has definitely improved, and there are some genuinely funny and beautiful momentsthroughout the text.  In fact, many of Kvothe's adventures would work very well were they standalone short stories.  The dialogue is still good, and Rothfuss's clear and precise system of magic continues to be fun.      He also retains his enthusiasm, which is part of what endeared the first one to me so much.  Rothfuss, even at his worst, never feels crass.  He never feels as if this is a text he's only writing solely for a paycheck or to stop getting angry e-mails.  He's genuinely invested in the story and the character, and he handles everything with style.  I say again, there is little wrong with his style, or his writing.  I would be hard pressed to point to any single page of Wise Man's Fear and cry \\"Aha!  Behold, errors and incompetence!\\" (in terms of writing ABILITY.  There are still a few typos that slipped past the editor, but these don't mean much to me).  This is a very well-done book in a lot of ways.  It's easy to read, even a delight.  The dialogue and imagery sparkle.  The wording is inventive but not distracting.  Rothfuss's technical ability is very good, and the time he spent polishing and refining have definitely paid off.      What with how mature and deft the writing itself is, I'm almost tempted to write the problems with the broader structure and events off as being a result of older writing held onto with too much tenacity.  I'm not sure if this is the case, but it's no secret that Rothfuss plotted and drafted the book years ago.  Yes, he's rewriting, but it's possible that he's only playing with the wording itself and regarding the overall plot as essentially set in stone at this point.  I can't make an educated guess about whether or not this is true, but it did occur to me as I read the book.  Perhaps it's a mark of how skilled Rothfuss is in the particular that I felt the need to consider theories like this to explain why I found the whole less satisfying.    As you've noticed, I still gave the book four stars.  I think that it's still an entertaining story.  But when a first novel leaves a reputation in its wake as Name of the Wind did, it's an occupational hazard that we review the text as a sequel and not as a novel in and of itself.  So let me just say here that it still stands high in the fantasy genre, despite its weaknesses.    That's Wise Man's Fear in my opinion.  It's a collection of very pretty, well-told stories.  It's only when they're all set out in this structure and context--when they're taken as a whole--that I find the book lacking.  I wish this weren't so.  I desperately wanted to love The Wise Man's Fear as much as it's predecessor.  Here's hoping the third book makes us forget the structure of this one, and turns my quibbles over content to foolishness.
B001EN71DQ|5.0|i'm so happy you had these. i am a star wars fan, and i did't realize how much i missed being able to watch, all the episodes whenever. loved it thanks again.
B0034G4ORM|4.0|Almost didn't see it because of having seen Skyline and reading some poor reviews of this movie.  Certainly glad I went to see it, and am looking forward to buying on Blu-Ray.  I would have given this movie five stars, were it not for some cheesey dialog here and there.  The part wherein the SSGT talks about those Marines killed under his command in Afghanistan immediately comes to mind.  Other than that, it was a really good movie.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|Born this way to dance, club, love, and be free. With her third record out in just three years, Born This Way is released under a cloud of controversies - ripping Madonna off on the title track, a seemingly blasphemous second single titled Judas, overexposure of her flamboyant self and a 99¢ Amazon offer. Has Lady GaGa gone mad, gone loveless and done herself in? Is the album BAD? Listen to it, BTW is no The Fame or The Fame Monster. Rather, it is a darn good pop dance album. It is everything - electro rock/pop, club anthems, stomping tracks and 80s synth pop. At this juncture, it could easily be construed as stylistically themeless or haphazard but the incredulous thing is that everything nearly always works. There are tracks like Schei&szlig;e, Fashion of His Love, Judas, Born This Way and Edge of Glory that you just need to sing and dance to. There are moments where there's a little more introspective moments on You and I and  Bloody Mary. There is the electro rock glamour of Black Jesus/Amen Fashion and Heavy Metal Lover. At some points, GaGa has indeed drawn many inspirations from Madonna and even Depeche Mode but there's never a doubt she leaves her imprint on every track. The only semblance of her past is probably Judas which perhaps is her least well-received single to date. With BTW, GaGa is yet to be done and while this may still not be her best. Put your paws up...and I am sorry if this didn't turn you on, onto the dancefloor... (A-)
B0051QJ83S|5.0|I will make this short and simple. I downloaded the album with no problem, thank you Amazon for the $0.99 deal, it is unbelievable that someone would offer such a good album at the price of a song! Itunes sure was not offering ANY deal...<br />The music is varied and different from her other material and that is a good thing from a growing Artist. The more I listen to it the more it grows on me and the songs seem familiar and fun. I will support Gaga as she explores different genres and not just expect her to rehash \\"Just Dance\\" over and over again. Bravo Gaga!! Thank you!!
B0042J6VUS|4.0|Nice mini-tripod; but, as I suspected by looking at the pictures before I ordered it, it is not suitable for holding the cell phone in portrait orientation because it is off-balance with the phone hanging from the side. It will fall over with my iPhone4 in portrait mode. For landscape orientation, with the phone directly above the tripod, it is fine.     The clamp arm that goes across the width of the phone is spring-loaded and expands from 46 mm to 60 mm (1 13/16 in to 2 3/8 in). This easily fits an iPhone 4 without a case, which is 58 mm wide. With my case, the iPhone is 61 mm wide, so it is a squeeze on the case and on the rubber pads at both sides of the clamp with the case on; I will be taking the case off when I use this.  The long dimension of the holder, which is not critical since the phone can stick out the open end, goes from 72 mm to 87 mm (2 7/8 in to 3 1/2 in). The minimum distance between the end of the holder and the clamp is 46 mm (1 7/8 in) The legs extend from 4 1/4 in to 6 5/8 in, but even fully extended, with the wider support base that provides, the tripod will tip over with the phone off to the side in portrait orientation.    The legs are oriented so that when the holder is in portrait orientation, the holder hangs between two of the legs. I loosened the screw holding the legs and rotated them so the holder was above one leg to try to make portrait orientation stable. Then the holder bumps into the leg and cannot go fully portrait, so I rotated the legs until the holder in portrait orientation could just fit next to a leg. This was stable, but just barely so, and it would not take much shaking to have it fall over, so I put the legs back to the original position and will not use this tripod for portrait orientation.     The packaging the tripod came in says this is model S2120W and there is also a picture of a model S2135W that has legs that spread much wider, but it looks like those legs are shorter, so that tripod may have the same instability problem for portrait orientation.    The camera holder is attached to the tripod by a standard camera tripod 1/4-20 screw. The screw is only long enough to engage a little less than 1 1/4 threads of the screw into the camera holder, which is probably adequate for such lightweight use here, but the camera holder is thick enough that they could have used a longer screw. This screw cannot be changed because it is part of the ball-joint, but it would be possible to thin down the tightening disk on the screw. That disk is 1/4 inch thick, so 1/16 in could be taken off it, which would expose more of the screw thread, allowing 2 1/2 threads into the holder.     As long as you only want to use this for landscape orientation, this tripod should do fine.  Or if you want to use the camera holder with a different tripod that has a wider support base, then you can use it for portrait orientation.
B001PPLJIQ|4.0|The plot of this novel based film is what drew me in originally. The idea of a woman helping a young boy through a hard time only for her love to be reciprocated again many decades later when she is at her most vulnerable is very interesting. Kate Winslet does a fine job as Hanna Schmitz the woman persecuted for life for her role as a concentration camp guard in WWII. And Kross and Fiennes are competent as Michael Berg, Schmitz's young lover. The characterization in this film is brilliant. You really get to know and feel for these 2 people and even the jump in age for both characters is seamless. There's a bit of everything in this film. The unconventionality of Schmitz and Berg's relationship, how Berg grows and matures into a man from his interactions with her and the abrupt change in the relationships dynamics a few decades later. The film also explores the theme of morality as Berg struggles with his contempt over her crime and his love for her and also through Schmitz's characterization as her final actions symbolize what Berg taught her.<br /><br />What I like most about this film is that the ending is a proper one which gives the audience such a great sense of closure and contentment. Seeing as so many other films fail to do this, I'd consider it the icing on a very well made and original cake.
0060763280|3.0|I just finished the audiobook and I must say that Harv's voice is pretty annoying. I was looking for a program with actionable items and this wasn't it. This program gets you off the couch and helps you change your mindset. I did that step already a year ago with Brian Tracy. If you want a comparison, Harv's technique is along the same lines as Tracy although I think Tracy does a better job. Harv is clever by using a title like \\"Millionaire Mind\\" to get people's attention. But I don't speak for everyone. If this book works for you, that's great. These gurus all say the same thing anyway. But keep in mind, it's step one.    I'm at the point where I want ideas and suggestions to make money. \\"You can do it\\" only gets a person so far. These kinds of books are not easy to find but I've found one or two that have helped (check my other reviews). Another thing to do is find a famous and successful mentor who made a million by doing something other than selling motivational books and tapes. I look to people who have started and grown successful companies. People like Steve Jobs or Bill Gates. Buy their books and tapes and seek them out on YouTube. Listen very closely to what they write or say. They often speak about how they overcame challenges, created a new product and brand, and thought outside the box. Or if it's real estate, read books written by famous real estate moguls. Find those that have grown an empire and are willing to share the details of how to do it and not just the \\"you can do it\\" group of entrepreneurs.
0739367676|4.0|best written book of the series.  I like how they had 2 different readers in this story.  easy to follow.  product came quick and in one piece.  Great buy.
B003PNF4D2|5.0|I enjoyed the serious role Johnny Depp had in this film. At times, his character seem more reserved than in his other roles but the character fit perfectly. The beginning of the plot was not very interesting and slowed down the pace of the film, but overall the second half of the movie made up for it. The actual play brought a sense of imagination and propriety to the film that was iridescent of the original Peter Pan novel. It defined the film and brought tears to my eyes. My expectations from Johnny were met. This is a good movie for the family!
B0051QIGP4|1.0|One might think you could find at least one gem in this album load of commercial pop pablum but no, there's just one droning tune after - it's like Gaga sampled all her previous work and put it in the proverbial blender.  Guess there was a reason that Amazon put this one in the bargain bin and what's up with the album cover - was Gaga intentionally going for the ultimate in fugly?
B0051QJ83S|2.0|...it's edited.  Can't complain at the cost but I personally don't believe in edited music, a big beep in a song takes away from the experience.
0553381407|5.0|This is a book that I encountered at the library on my way out the door.  I originally checked it out for my Mother to read as she has a very toxic Mother.  However, she recommended I read it as well.  And I am very glad that I did.  I have discovered something that I've been battling my whole life.  As I suffer from the invisible child mentality.  Upon reading that section I cried and slept for two hours in the afternoon.  It was like I had been released emotionally at last.  I recommend this book highly.  It is well written in an easy to understand style.  And it will help you so much with your life.  I feel rewarded from having read this book.
B004XQO90O|4.0|This movie puts a new spin on the possibility of changing realities. It is a wild mix of the movies: D&eacute;j&agrave; Vu and Ground Hog Day. And yes there is the element of a terrorist bomb and yes there is an iterative segment of time involved, in this case it is only 8 minutes.<br /><br />The storyline centers around Colter Stevens (Jake Gyllenhaal)- an American Army helicopter pilot whose last memory is flying in Afghanistan. He then wakes up on a commuter train, but he looks like someone else.<br /><br />The movie starts off like an adventure computer game, where you are thrown into a scenario where you are not sure where you are and what is really happening. As the movie progresses, you begin to realize that Colter is also in the same position, being totally unaware of his full situation.<br /><br />The movie is very interesting and like the case with Ground Hog Day, in each iteration of the eight minutes, Colter gets more and more done. The story is quite gripping and unfolds on two levels:<br /><br />- [1] the Train bomb situation<br />- [2] the real situation of Colter Stevens<br /><br />The latter is quite moving emotionally and draws you into a deep longing that Colter has to make peace with his father and to hear his voice just one last time.<br /><br />So, although it may not be quite original in its design, there is a lot of emotional content to absorb the viewer in. In my opinion, it is a good movie and well portrayed. The end had a nice twist to it. Enjoy.
B000P0J09M|1.0|I ordered a copy of Goodfellas on DVD.    I got a \\"made in mexico\\" version. The title screen made it pretty obvious that it was a bootleg. After two deployments to Iraq, I can spot a bootleg when I see one. One side says 'Full Screen', and the other doesn't say anything. Most notably is the fact that the DVD needs to be flipped over 1/2 way through. It's not an extremely long movie, certainly one that can fit all of its content on one side. Crappy, 1 star for this seller.
1402775458|5.0|This story has no room for improvement, however when Robert Ingpen illustrates a story, he brings such richness and depth.<br /><br />Delighted to add this to our home library.  My family is going to enjoy this story again!<br /><br />Add it to your collection. It's also a great gift.  Check out Ingpen's work - he is one of the best contemporary illustrators!
B004SEVPWQ|3.0|Just ok. The play is unrealistic if I could know where the balls would go every time I would be a pro. The rotate function is a little screwy and hard to initiate. balls always go where you want em.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|I have lost many hours of production time playing this game, and then I have to fight my daughter for MY phone cause she is playing it.
B004FOA84A|5.0|This app is great. Very short but great fun while it lasted. Quit rating an app that you have never played or even opened because your phone sucks. If others are able to open it maybe &quot;you're doing it wrong&quot;. For those that complain about the size....they tell you the size right off.
B0051QIGP4|4.0|Not the best of her albums, but this one is still amazing! I'm especially fond of the German lyrics and the mix of techno with jazz. She's definitely evolving as an artist.
0307454541|4.0|Slow read in the beginning and in the end, but the meat-and-potatoes of the book is a very good read.  Enjoy!
B000H4JGZY|5.0|This CD was purchased for my grandson, but I did enjoy listening to the music even though I am not a Justin Timberlake fan.[[ASIN:B000H305U0 FutureSex / LoveSounds]]
B004132HZS|4.0|Let me start off by saying that it was a hard call. By many reasonable measures, I should have made this 5 stars, but here's the problem: this series is battling extreme expectations on two fronts: Steven Moffat's previous accomplishments and the mountains of Sherlock Holmes adaptations that have come before.<br /><br />On the first point, Sherlock is extremely well written, and the casting is solid, but when compared with Moffat's [[ASIN:B000QXDEH2 Jekyll]], it's hard for anything to measure up. There are definitely all of the qualities you expect: intricate, series-long plots; an irreverent wit; toying with archetypes; and a post-modern sensibility. There are also some elements that simply don't work for me, probably because the series (that's \\"series\\" in the British sense which translates to \\"season\\" in the U.S.) is so short. For example, the relationship between Holmes and the police force is explored only fleetingly, and it feels like an after-thought.<br /><br />On the second point, Sherlock is excellent. It's hard to compare with other direct adaptations because it's updated and each episode is only loosely based on one of the originals (A Study in Pink, for example is based on [[ASIN:1450596185 A Study in Scarlet]]) sharing the initial mysterious note and many of the subsequent story elements, but it diverges in what the note means and the nature of the other clues that are left behind. The murderer's motivations have also been changed to dove-tail into the rest of the season.<br /><br />So, while Sherlock feels less authentic than most adaptations, it more than makes up for this in its clever use of elements of the original stories, and viewers who have seen previous adaptations or read the original stories may find the subtle twists enhance or detract from the experience.<br /><br />The first episode's primary failing, in my opinion, is that it never resolves the central question of how the murderer committed the crimes. We're told what the weapon was; how it was applied; and under what circumstances, but there is a question left open which is never resolved: was the murderer \\"cheating\\"? (a question which makes sense after seeing the episode) The introduction of Watson is excellent and the interplay between Holmes and Watson is funny, fascinating and disturbing in equal measure, just as it should be. Lestrade fades into the background a bit, overwhelmed by the two leads. I hope they resolve this in the second season.<br /><br />The second episode is primarily a vehicle to introduce characters who will, no doubt, play a much larger role in the second season: Mycroft and Sarah (who is presumably an analogue of Mary Morstan in the original stories?) It is at this point that the series leaves any pretense of being anything but a loose adaptation of the Holmes canon. The story has elements of several of the source stories, but is essentially a new creation. There is a bit of highly suspect coincidence surrounding Holmes's breakthrough in the case. It's the kind of coincidence that takes much of the magic of Holmes's deductive technique away and renders him nothing more than the narrator of the puzzle's solution. It's a small scene, however, and the rest of the episode holds up well in spite of the misstep.<br /><br />The third episode is arguably the best writing of the three. There are elements of several source stories again, but this time Sherlock must solve several cases in rapid succession while Watson is saddled with his own mystery. The only element that I didn't enjoy was the ending. It feels like a TV ending, but the characters involved are all interesting enough to overcome the awkward setup for the second series.<br /><br />Overall, this is definitely one of the Sherlock Holmes adaptations to see. I would recommend it well above most, but I'd suggest seeing Jekyll if you're interested in the best of Moffat's work.circumstances, but there is a question left open which is never resolved: was the murderer \\"cheating\\"? (a question which makes sense after seeing the episode) The introduction of Watson is excellent and the interplay between Holmes and Watson is funny, fascinating and disturbing in equal measure, just as it should be. Lestrade fades into the background a bit, overwhelmed by the two leads. I hope they resolve this in the second season.    The second episode is primarily a vehicle to introduce characters who will, no doubt, play a much larger role in the second season: Mycroft and Sarah (who is presumably an analogue of Mary Morstan in the original stories?) It is at this point that the series leaves any pretense of being anything but a loose adaptation of the Holmes canon. The story has elements of several of the source stories, but is essentially a new creation. There is a bit of highly suspect coincidence surrounding Holmes's breakthrough in the case. It's the kind of coincidence that takes much of the magic of Holmes's deductive technique away and renders him nothing more than the narrator of the puzzle's solution. It's a small scene, however, and the rest of the episode holds up well in spite of the misstep.    The third episode is arguably the best writing of the three. There are elements of several source stories again, but this time Sherlock must solve several cases in rapid succession while Watson is saddled with his own mystery. The only element that I didn't enjoy was the ending. It feels like a TV ending, but the characters involved are all interesting enough to overcome the awkward setup for the second series.    Overall, this is definitely one of the Sherlock Holmes adaptations to see. I would recommend it well above most, but I'd suggest seeing Jekyll if you're interested in the best of Moffat's work.
1442419814|4.0|The government has found a new way to control the masses - make them all pretty! Who would want to rebel or cause trouble when they are beautiful and can party all the time? In Scott Westerfeld's novel \\"Uglies\\" we are introduced to a dystopia society where at the age of 16 everyone grows up by undergoing a surgery to become a \\"pretty\\".  Society has been separated into categories of littlies (0-11), Uglies (12-16), Pretties, Middle Pretties, and late Pretties.    The only thing Pretties need to worry over is how to look good and have fun. Tally Youngblood, an Uglie, only dreams of turning 16 and becoming a pretty, that is till her friend Shay runs away, to live outside the city with rebel Uglies in a town called Smoke. When time comes for Tally to finally to become her dream of a Pretty she is informed if she doesn't betray her friend she will die an Uglie!    Torn between her dream of being a Pretty and her promise to her friend, Tally must decide which is more important her loyalty to her city or her friend. Tally is hurled into a journey of discovery of herself and the horrid secret of what being a Pretty really means.    Over all this novel was an enjoyable read that left me wanting to keep reading the tale of Tally Youngblood. The storyline is well written and is a novel way of showing how being beautiful could be taken way too far in a society. I enjoyed the story and the characters but for some reason toward the end of the tale I became disinterested in going on. I think maybe it was because the shift in Tally's behavior or maybe the story lost something, I am not sure. I still finished the book but I don't think I will probably get the second in the series. I think most people will love this story and want to read all the books in the series just from what I know of my friends tastes. So I will be sure to recommend this out as a good read.
B0051QO4QY|5.0|There are a few reviews for the mp3 download Lady Gaga, \\"Born This Way\\" (Special Edition) lambasting Amazon's servers for essentially being 'too slow' to handle the massive download requests for Gaga's new album.  Some of these reviews conflate the idea that, because of technological ineptness, it is perfectly logical to vote down Gaga's album.  This is not one of those reviews.  On the contrary, I found there to be no 'massive' download problems when I downloaded the album Tuesday, 25, May in the evening.    As for Lady Gaga's new album, I was extremely surprised despite my initial dislike/disinterest in her first single, \\"Born This Way.\\"  I did not think she could surpass the catchy, creative, and intelligent songs like \\"Alejandro,\\" \\"Bad Romance,\\" and \\"Monster,\\" that continued to be replayed ad infinitum  on my playlist far after their initial release date.      I underestimated her craft to weave a truly expressive, creative, hypnotic set of songs.  This album clearly illustrates a key step in the evolutionary progress of Gaga-- an icon whose following of loyal fans threatens to dwarf well-accomplished divas as Madonna and Cher, divas who are more than twice Gaga's age.  Indeed, her new album expands upon an underdeveloped technique that I refer to as a so-called 'song-within-song-within-a-song' property: A good variety of her songs (e.g.: \\"Judas,\\" \\"Scheisse,\\" and \\"Electric Chapel\\") contain at least two or three different song melodies within the song itself.  This creates sensation of uniqueness and newness that will help to maintain your interest and prevent staleness.    There are good number of songs that are just absolutely clever and fun.  \\"Scheisse\\" creates a clever play on gibberish German that translates to a rather unique and fresh melody.  \\"Bloody Mary\\" attributes the saying in a completely different and unsuspecting way.    There are some that will make you stand still.  \\"Hair\\" is a haunting plight for equality, and the last few moments of \\"Marry theNight\\" will make your eardrums vibrate and leave your soul resonating for more.     There are also some that will carry a veneer that may shock, but whose skin otherwise crumbles under further examination: \\"Government Hooker\\" and \\"Judas\\" carry with them the typical 'Gaga-esque\\" shock factor.    \\"Americano\\" is cleverly (and perhaps deliberately) reminiscent of \\"Inglorious Basterds.\\"    There will be some who hate Gaga, and may say that if you've heard one of her songs, you've inevitably heard them all.  Those, however, who found her first album a delight will undoubtedly find Born This Way irresistible and a veritable masterpiece.
0375842209|5.0|The Book Thief, a historical fiction piece of literature, takes place in 1933 in Nazi Germany.  A young, German girl, Liesel Meminger, arrives on Himmel Street in a state of agitation; she watched her brother die on a train, a mysterious they has taken her mother away, and she is oblivious to the fact that words are responsible for it all.  The point of view is unique with Death as the narrator of Liesel's story, which she will eventually write down as she learns the power of words. The main characters besides Liesel consist of Hans Hubermann, her patient and loving foster father who teaches her about words, Rosa Hubermann, her foster mother who has a funny way of showing her love, Rudy Steiner, her neighbor with hair the color of lemons that loves her completely, Max Vandenburg, a Jew that the Hubermann's hide in their basement, Ilsa Hermann, the mayor's wife who gives her access to a library full of books, and Frau Holzaptel, her neighbor who is touched by Liesel's readings. The audience of this book is the human race period. This book is great for looking at World War II through the eyes of a German girl and Death, a sort of omniscient character. I loved this book because it was simply brilliant. The author used literary devices throughout the book instead of stating the obvious. For example, instead of saying she died, Death says, \\"I collected her soul and went up into the sky.\\" Markus Zusak did a magnificent job. This book had me hooked from start to finish with its situational, dramatic, and verbal irony. The theme of the book is that words have the power to produce destruction and peace in this world; I totally agree. Hitler was able to come to power, give the Germans back everything they lost during the Treaty of Versailles, and convince people to exterminate the world of a particular race, all with use of words. The only thing I did not like about this book is the fact that everyone on Himmel Street dies except Liesel; however, Death says in the beginning that this book does not have a happy ending. I guess I did not think that it would be that unhappy. All in all, everyone should read this book because the theme and the way it is proven is clever, moving, and inspirational.
B00003CX9W|5.0|Of all the great experiments in filmmaking that came out of the period from 1930 to 1960, Walt Disney's 1940 animated film FANTASIA is almost certainly the most elaborate and daring to have been made of any kind, animated or otherwise.  Nothing of this sort had ever been tried anywhere in the cinema--setting largely abstract images to the works of great classical composers; virtually no dialogue whatsoever; and a running time that was, for an animated movie past or present, unbelievably long at two hours and five minutes in length.  Thus, it isn't so surprising that FANTASIA was not as successful as any of Disney's previous groundbreaking animated films; not very many people understood quite how to put two and two together when it came to this mix of classical music and animated imagery.  Indeed, Disney himself went out of his way at the 1940 Academy Awards to deem this film a mistake.  FANTASIA didn't recoup its original cost of $2.25 million (which is, in 21st century dollars, the equivalent of AVATAR--$250 million) until its fourth re-release in the late 1960s, three years after Disney himself had passed away.    In retrospect, however, FANTASIA is one of the high points of the cinema, in no small part to Disney having gotten Leopold Stokowski, indisputably one of the great classical music conductors of all times, to conduct the music for the film with his Philadelphia Orchestra.  And the works that are utilized in FANTASIA, thanks not only to Stokowski but also to the imagination of Disney's animation staff, have become concert staples since the film's release, leading off, of course, with the abstract patterns that are accompanied by Stokowski's elaborate orchestration of J.S. Bach's beloved organ work \\"Toccata And Fugue In D Minor.\\"  With help from noted musicologist Deems Taylor, who gives a rather elaborate guide for what is being attempted in the film, FANTASIA then proceeds to weave disparate segments that are alternately provocative (Stravinsky's \\"The Rite Of Spring\\"), comic (Ponchielli's \\"Dance Of The Hours\\"), nightmarish (Mussorgsky's \\"A Night On Bald Mountain\\"), and poignant (Schubert's \\"Ave Maria\\").  And one cannot mention this film without mentioning Mickey Mouse's appearance as the well meaning but slightly misguided \\"Sorcerer's Apprentice\\", which earned that work's composer Paul Dukas a certain immortality in the concert hall from that point forward.    Although Disney had launched a series of cartoon short called \\"Silly Symphonies\\" in the four years prior to this film's release, FANTASIA was clearly a breed apart.  Beyond the merging of animation and classical music, it may also have been an attempt at introducing young people to the classical music world, a la Sergei Prokofiev's \\"Peter And The Wolf\\", and Benjamin Britten's \\"Young Person's Guide To The Orchestra.\\"  What this film did initially, however, was spawn a number of imitations from competing studios like Warner Brothers (their memorable 1943 short cartoon \\"A Corny Concerto\\") and Universal (several Woody Woodpecker and Andy Panda cartoons utilized classical works as well).  The well-meant attempt at mixing classical music and cinematic images together really wouldn't be tried like this in Hollywood again until director Stanley Kubrick utilized several classical pieces and integrated them into the fabric of his 1968 science fiction masterpiece 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY.    As proved to be the case with \\"2001\\", however, FANTASIA was, for lack of a better term, a visionary film, one clearly decades ahead of its time.  Seven decades worth of changes, restorations, alterations, and even advancements in computer-generated images (best shown in the Disney canon in their 2008 opus WALL-E) haven't changed that; and the music as performed by Stokowski and his Philadelphia Orchestra has become firmly entrenched in the popular culture.  Only a select group of films can claim such a mantle, and FANTASIA is definitely one of those films.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|Very good game. Sometimes laggy but still playable. Should have more unlockables like Apple version. That would make it better._
B0051QIGP4|4.0|I have been somewhat of a fan of Gaga for a while, as I have seen her perform here and there on various television shows. Her persona is a piece of performance art, owing to Bowie and Madonna and all sorts of other influences. This persona has been polarizing, as far as I've seen -- she arouses strong emotions. Ultimately though, the persona is only part of the image. She is selling herself as a musician, and that is how she should be judged<br /><br />I downloaded this because of my somewhat fandom. Her category is not the kind of music I would normally buy; I listen to punk or I'm not listening to music. I liked her earlier work, but even though I don't listen to top-40 radio, her Poker Face stuff was overplayed.<br /><br />She is a musician though (she plays the piano); at the very least she has a talented team of writers and producers that help her make good music. I downloaded this album and played it. I was bouncing my head, and I wanted to replay it but my wife is too busy working right now so I have to be quite. The songs are upbeat and catchy, but more importantly they have variety. Some are close and personal as if she were singing to you and only you, but a couple of songs are truly anthem that need to be played at a loud volume with the windows on an open road as you travel to wherever you please. Only, I can't since I'm not in the demographic. I'll let Gaga be a guilty pleasure.
1439107955|5.0|Suppose I should start off by saying that I'm a cancer survivor, but that's not the reason I read the book. I heard an interview with the author on NPR and when he started talking about targeted protein molecule therapies (i.e. Gleevec) I was fascinated. Gleevec is a molecule designed to imbed itself in luekemia cells and kill them. It works amazingly well. Last weekend I visited a friend who told me me was taking Gleevec for a stomach tumor and the tumor was complely in remission (obviously it works on more than luekemia cells). I also know that targeted protein molecule therapies are in early stages of test on breast cancer cells.. Folks this is a 2500 year quest come true (READ THIS BOOK). The history and knowledge this book provides is invaluable, regardless if you've had cancer or not. Gleevec is Star Wars stuff folks.      I also read the book because it won the 2011 Pulitzer price for non-fiction. Trust me: it's going to be a tough act to follow.
B000X9UCEW|5.0|I purchased this CD based on a short video clip of the Milky Way over Spain's tallest mountain.  The emotive music is nothing short of mezmerizing, and my 5th grade students love it!  I use it as background music to calm my students down and help them to remain on-task.  At the same time, I find it most relaxing and stress-relieving both at home and at school.  The price of this product is well worth it!  Am now seeking similar CD's by same composer for next year's high-maintenance, very active classroom of students.
B0051QIGP4|3.0|Album is ok. I bought it because it was 99¢.  Although not part of my star rating, I had no problem downloading the album. Thanks Amazon.
076115678X|5.0|this book is very helpful and helping you understand and accept your hair for what it is. Its very motivating and encouraging! it is a must for all girls who've straightened their hair in the past and want to transition to the beautiful world of curly hair
B000R7I3LY|5.0|I was surprised that the more I listened to this cd, the more I liked it.  I put it on in the backround when certain friends are over, and they all seem to like it.  But only with certain friends :)
1400052181|5.0|I loved this book. The fact that it was the truth of what happened and included the living family members made it intriguing. Don't get scared off by the idea of the science - it's a story that is written in the language of the layman. I had it on my Amazon wish list and put off ordering it, but when I finally received it and read it I realized how foolish I had been. I rooted for the Lacks family who deserved so much more than they ever received in reality which was nothing monetarily. When I was reading this I actually had to have a biopsy and I was far enough into the book to wonder where those tissues would end up. It's interesting, heartbreaking, and so much more. Don't miss this book. You'll never forget the name Henrietta Lacks once you read this true tale.
0810979772|5.0|My 8 year old Grandson, after having read all 5 of the Wimpy Kid books found this book online and asked me to get it for him. After a few days of anxious waiting it finally arrived. He took it and ran to his bedroom and started writing.....he filled the book with his stories within a week.Since then he has completed at least half a dozen journals. It really got him writing!
B004RJZA1E|5.0|I don't write a lot of reviews. But I will for this band. As of late the power metal scene is hit and miss. It is really hit and miss when the band has a lead female singer. Edenbridge, Magica, Holyhell, and Lunatica are about the only good ones I have found. Amberian Dawn is good to a point. Nightwish is just not doing it for me any more. The male power metal bands are not any better they are either trying to hard to sound like Trans-Siberian Orchestra or Dragonforce. So Amaranthe is bring new life into the power metal scene. It's kind of like what Visions of Atlantis would be like if they had a male grunter as well. The one thing this band does that bands such as Epica, Nightwish, Within Temptation, and Leaves' Eyes don't do is add in a more techno sound to there music. For the most part you don't here that in metal music and when you do it's really out of place. There are post-hardcore and metalcore bands that also use a techno sound but again it just does not fit. Here it does fit because the music and the vocals sround it. Kind of the way Deadlock has done it.     songs to check out Hunger, Serendipity, Amaranthine, and Call Out My Name
B003EV6DBM|5.0|I am a huge fan of what Christopher Eccleston and David Tennant did with Doctor Who, but Matt Smith is very likely my favorite doctor with this amazing series!  The eleventh doctor is a clever, quirky timelord with some of the best quotes from the show's series. His companion Amy Pond is also one of my favorite companions with her feisty/stubborn attitude. But also proves to have a great emotional connection with her \\"raggedy\\" doctor. (Last episode brilliance.) Everytime I watch it, I learn something new and it amazes me as to how much thought was put into the overall plot. Making it a hard act to follow, series 6 (though with the same characters)has paled in comparison and leaves me only wanting to go back and watch this series.      Every skeptic should give it a try, and you'll find yourself to be thoroughly entertained and interested! He may not be your very favorite doctor like he is mine, but have you ever met a doctor you didn't like?
0061989142|5.0|I didn´t expected to enjoy it THAT much. It really exceded my expectations. It´s a great referrent when it comes about styling tips, that will help you not only now, but through years and years. Hope you can enjoy it like me! Let us know all!
0439023513|2.0|After devouing the first two books of this series, The Hunger Games and Catching Fire, I was eager to read Mockingjay- and by it's ending, frustratingly disappointed. Lemme break it down for you.    ***********************SOME SPOILERS MANY EXIST IN THIS REVIEW- read at your own risk. **************************    1. Katniss' rapid decline in character development: While I understand the desire to reflect the toll war has taken on Katniss, to leave us with a shell of who she once was is not only poor writing, but a very depressing and uninspired view of our capacity as people to heal and recover. I believe it could have been quite possible to show how her participation in multiple Hunger Games and a bloody revolution left her jaded- but not completely hopeless and broken. Sadly, even as she looks on at her children from a happy life with her love Peeta, our author can barely muster enough hope and peace to make this ending satisfying.     2. While I am extremely happy that the Peeta/Gale/Katniss love triangle does not take center stage and is merely an aspect of a greater story, the resolution is extremely lackluster. After three books of mounting tension (both angry and sexual), much spit swapped with each male suitor, and Katniss constantly ping-ponging between the two, we find out in a SINGLE PARAGRAPH that she has chosen Peeta. Her reasoning is realistic and a well written paragraph sure, but still a SINGLE paragraph. Reaaaaally poor wrap-up.    -The revolution throughout the whole book is inspired and promising- even allowing some understanding (though still a bit of annoyance) as the rebels (District 13) fight for a cause, but still show undertones of the same inescapable Capitol oppression that must occur for \\"true freedom\\" to exist (So it would seem our author believes).  Yet as the character of president Coin is reduced to just another power hungry oppressor, it seems clear that the only option is to murder her (Why? It wrapped up too quickly for us to quite comprehend).    Overall, this book focuses too much on making the war and its aftermath real, ugly and painful. But what the author fails to do is recapture that spark of hope in freedom that hooked most readers in the first book- the defiance that Katniss first showed in the arena, Peeta's humanity and never-fading horror at the easy disposal of human life, Gale's unwavering support of Katniss no matter what separated or threw them together.    Sadly, all of these hopeful and redeeming aspects are abandoned in the end for what appears to be a bigger message -WAR IS BAD. i highly recommend the first two books, but then I would skip the third and instead read the following sentances for closure:    Rebels win. Capitol falls. Katniss chooses Peeta. Yay. The end.
B00005JKGZ|5.0|I have always loved Judy Garland movies and this is no exception. My siblings and I (whose ages range from 8-31)have watched this movie over and over. It says alot when you're in a family with 9 kids and everyone loves the movie. It is one of Judy Garlands best performances. It's great for ALL ages. The cast, picture, and music are GREAT!
1442419814|5.0|I recommend Uglies and the next book, Pretties.  I'm not an avid reader, but these books were so interesting.  The series is about a girl named Tally and her society.  If you're like me and love books with societies that take concepts to the extreme like Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451, you'll like this book.  I feel we can learn a lot about ourselves by examining different and warped societies.<br /><br />I love reading the adventure and seeing Tally learn and change.  It isn't a light tale.  I don't want to give too much away, but the premise is this: Tally's society priority is beauty and the technology they have allows them to be, but at an expense.  I really enjoyed the books and I hope you will too.<br /><br />Pretties link [[ASIN:1442419806 Pretties (The Uglies)]]<br />All 4 books link [[ASIN:1416936408 Uglies (Boxed Set): Uglies, Pretties, Specials (The Uglies)]]
B0017SWPXY|5.0|I will admit, that the sole reason I chose this book was for the cover.  I am a dog lover at heart, and definitely think that some dogs, are like little people inside.<br />This is the story of a family, torn apart by several unfortunate circumstances, told through the eyes of their beloved dog, Enzo.  The viewpoint is a heartwarming way to look at a story.  Enzo sees and notices all.  He loves race cars, he longs to be human. He want to protect his family.<br />This is a great book to settle into a cozy chair with and enjoy.  I laughed, I was angry, I was sad.  I cried.  I loved this story and it drew me in.  I had to force myself to pace my reading.<br />The ending is the only part that I thought was overly cheesy.  The author could have left it at the end and it would have been beautiful and a perfect end to the story, but the epilogue that is included sort of detracts from that.<br />Still definitely worth a read, and it's a book worth sharing.
B000000OU4|5.0|I certinly consider this one of the slickest and most \\"commercial\\" PMG recordings, and   for that reason it almost caused me to dismiss it early on as just an attempt to produce  something that fit into a certain jazz genre (hip-hop jazz?) that seemed popular at the time.  But after the fourth or fifth listen I began to \\"get it\\". On tracks such as \\"Here to Stay\\",   \\"To the End of World\\", and \\"Red Sky\\", I began to think, \\"Wow!, Pat is playing some very inspired guitar!\\".   True, the drum tracks seem nowhere as interesting as what Paul Wertico typically provides, but   they do offer a mesmerizing effect which Pat and Lyle play off of very well. With that said, Luis Conte   provides much valued and needed percussion support throughout to compliment the more mechanical rhythms.   And then there is the brilliant vocal and horn support from David Blamires and Mark Ledford. I've always felt  that PMG's use of voice as an instrument has not received the lauded attention that it deserves. I predict  that, along with \\"Secret Story\\", \\"Letter from Home\\", \\"Travels\\", and \\"Pat Metheny Group\\", \\"We Live Here\\" will go down as one of the PMG recordings I listened to most throughout my life.
B004Z2TUGE|4.0|I rented this movie to have something to watch while I ate.  I really wasn't expecting much, just a little entertainment.  I was pleasently surprised.  The plot was as expected, however the acting was very good, the special effects were good and the movie left me feeling good.  Plus I own a beagle...  Overall the movie is a very good hero movie.
B003V6L94Q|5.0|This album is excellent! I am not even that big of a country fan either. My mom really likes country though. She had me buy the album, and let me tell ya, I'm very glad that I did!<br /><br />The Zac Brown band is more than just country. They really know how to mix it up well, but keep it mostly country in this album. I love how they blend country, rock, blues and reggae and infused it together on this album. To me, sometimes the music sounded like Jimmy Buffett and others Dave Mathews. As well as some other musicians music I like. It had me rockin, it had me laughing and it had touched me. These guys are uplifting and fun. The Zac Brown is fantastic!<br /><br />The song Knees had my attention because I love Jimmy Buffett and I heard a lot of these songs on Radio Margaritaville. The album is so worth the purchase! You won't go wrong. ;-]I am definitely a Zac Brown fan now!
B004K4AVAG|5.0|Our Lady Heroine subdues her Little Orphan Annie Bit for a less \\"Handled\\" stroll down the littered boardwalk and straight into Skank Worship.  Shedding much of the charm & original sin of The Fame, this sophomoric long play demonstrates GAGA's Dedication to Musical Inspiration   as she Lays herself Bare (and Rubbed Raw) for The Tabloids in this Tribute To All Things  LIBERATING     Foregoing some originality and not quite as crafty as the dance concoctions that queued The Fame Monster,   the \\"BAD KIDS\\" this round are taking to the streets with under-the-radar musical burglaries -REPURPOSED & REPACKAGED!!    Downright cunning, she's playing THE JOKER [HERE] with SUBVERSIVE FEROCITY and a lil' LokI~ MagiK To Boot!   For all this Restless Rebel ReRock that stops just shy of Screaming RockStar Recovery,   The KING Of \\"QUEENS\\" has amassed a REAL CULTOSAURUS REX!!!     With plenty a pay-phoned call to THE '90's (this decade's Retro Fascination-Fixation), these POP ROCKS ~dial up FADS forever yours,    And Acid Washed Jeans aren't off limits or outta reach.     THE INDEFATIGABLE RADIO HEIRESS JUGGERNAUT IS FAST TO MUTATE >>>  but Ga Ga be-liev-able.  Offering up an album that's all at once Fragrant, Cohesive and Sickly Beautiful,    [and with little, to no subterfuge we're told]     IMAGINE THE UNMISTAKABLY BOLD FINISH of MADONNA circa her Blonde Ambition Period   along with hints of Andrew W.K.'s  >>>SCREAMO! PIANO SOUL TRAIN!!!  This is Grace Jones' Man-Eater BRAVADA with a Splash of Donna Summer-risque much to Lady Miss Kier's Deee-Lite!    Borrow a spot of The Cure's keyed-in Synth RiFFs, Throw Up some Crystal Castles and plug in a Rihanna air freshener, FANTASTICAL!  Perhaps it is slightly envious of Bjork's whimsy, as it makes a pit stop in some unnamed Ristorante Italiano   and then moves on to German Cuss Class, before ultimately aborting a Shania Twain cloning project (what's next Faith Hill: Redux?)   But, This iZ HerStory, Her Tour and The Spotlight's on HER COOL [YEAH!]  ~Said Zeitgeist Is A Triumph For Music Fans THA WORLD OVER~  Heads Have Turned And Eyes Have Popped But GaGa's Not Going To Bed Tonite!    >RIDE THIS MECHANICAL BULL WHILE YOU CAN LOST GENERATION<
B00005N5S2|5.0|Douglas MacArthur (1880-1964) was one of America's greatest generals. He was the youngest person ever appointed as a Major General, held  positions as Superintendent of West Point (1919-22), Chief of Staff for the Army (1930-35), Supreme Commander of the Allied Powers (1945-51), and Commander in Chief U.N. Command in Korea (1950-1), and was 7 times Silver Star recipient, and a Medal of Honor winner. He was so popular among the people that he was strongly uyrged to run for President in 1952, but he refused.<br /><br />A personality as big as MacArthur needed a star as big to portray him. Up until 1977 MacArthur had been played by Dayton Lummis (1955) and Henry Fonda (1976), and subsequently by Laurence Olivier  (1981) and Daniel von Bargen (1995). But it was only Gregory Peck who did the job right.<br /><br />Gregory Peck is a film icon, ranked #12 on the AFI list of Greatest Male Actors. He won an Oscar for \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" (1962) and was nominated 4 more times (\\"Twelve O'clock High\\", \\"Gentleman's Agreement\\", \\"The Yearling\\", \\"The Keys of the Kingdom\\"). He was nominated for an Emmy in 1998 for the TV film \\"Moby Dick\\" for which he won the Golden Globe. He had two other Golden Globe nominations (\\"The Boys from Brazil\\", \\"MacArthur\\"). He made 57 films, starting in 1944.<br /><br />Nicolas Coster (1933) plays MacArthur's aide. Coster works mostly on TV and is probably best known as the Chancellor from \\"3rd Rock from the Sun\\" (1998-9). He had a recurring role on \\"Santa Barbara\\" (1984-93) along with Marj Dusay who plays MacArthur's wife in this film.<br /><br />Marj Dusay (1936) is primarily a TV performer, Dusay was nominated twice for an Emmy (\\"All My Children\\" and \\"Guiding Light\\").<br /><br />Ed Flanders (1934-95) plays President Truman. Flanders played Truman in a 1976 TV special and won the Emmy. Flanders was nominated 7 times for an Emmy and won 3 times, for this film, \\"A Moon for the Misbegotten\\" (1975) and \\"St Elsewhere\\" (1982).<br /><br />Dan O'Herlihy (1919-2005) plays President Roosevelt. O'Herlihy received an Oscar nomination for \\"Adventures of Robinson Crusoe\\" (1954). He moved easily between TV (\\"Twin Peaks\\", \\"Colditz\\") and films (\\"RoboCop\\", \\"The Last Starfighter\\").<br /><br />The film is directed by Joseph Sargent (1925). Sargent has 8 DGA nominations for his work on TV and won 3 times (\\"Kojak\\", \\"Something the Lord Made\\", and \\"Warm Springs\\"). He also had 9 Emmy nominations and 4 wins. Sargent has made nearly 100 films, but mostly TV movies. For the big screen he made less than a dozen films, including this film and \\"Jaws: The Revenge\\" (1987).<br /><br />Jerry Goldsmith (1929-2004) provides an excellent musical score. Goldsmith was nominated for an Oscar 18 times and won once (\\"The Omen\\"), and for an Emmy 7 times with 5 wins (\\"Star Trek:Voyager\\", \\"Masada\\", \\"Babe\\", \\"QB VII\\", \\"The Red Pony\\").He was responsible for 252 compositions over 50+ years.<br /><br />Producer Frank McCarthy (1912-86) did only 6 films, but they included  \\"Patton\\" (1970) for which he won an Oscar. McCarthy was a retired Brigadier General who worked as an aide to General Marshall in WW 2.<br /><br />The big block busters in 1977 were \\"Star Wars\\", \\"Close Encounters\\", \\"The Rescuers\\", \\"Saturday Night Fever\\", and \\"The Goodbye Girl\\". \\"Annie Hall\\" picked up 3 Oscars (Picture, Director, Actress) and \\"Julia\\" picked up two (Supporting Actor, Actress). Other notable films that year were \\"Equus\\", \\"Eraserhead\\", \\"New York. New York\\", and \\"Smokey and the Bandit\\". Several war films came out  in 1977 - \\"A Bridge Too Far\\", \\"Soldier of Orange\\", and Peckinpah's \\"Cross of Iron\\" focused on WW 2 and \\"Twilight's Last Gleaming\\" , \\"The Spy Who Loved Me\\", and \\"Telefon\\" were the spy films.<br /><br />One can't help but compare the two generals - Patton and MacArthur as well as the two films. Both men were Generals, served in WW 1 and WW 2, held commanding positions in their respective theatres of war, ruled their conquered territories after the war, and were known for great strategic maneuvers. Both were controversial and both ultimately were removed from command at some point for their differences with their commanders. The films, however, are much different with Patton clearly focused on the General's personality and MacArthur attempting a much more ambitious biography.<br /><br />\\"Patton\\" won 7 Oscars (Actor, Picture, Director, Sound, Art Direction, Editing, Writing) and was nominated for 3 more. George C. Scott also won a Golden Globe. \\"MacArthur\\" received no Oscar nominations and Peck was nominated for a Golden Globe but lost to Richard Burton. \\"Patton\\" was #4 in the box office with $28,000,000 and \\"MacArthur\\" at $16,000,000 was not in the top 10.<br /><br />\\"MacArthur\\" is clearly one of the best film biographies of famous American military figures. Included in my own list of top picks would be \\"Patton\\", Burgess Meredith's portrayal of Ernie Pyle in \\"The Story of GI Joe\\" (1945), John Wayne's portrait of Spig Wead in \\"Wings of Eagles\\" (1957), \\"Sergeant York\\" (1941), Errol Flynn's portrait of Custer in \\"They Died with Their Boots On\\" (1941), Spencer Tracy's portrait of Robert Rogers in \\"Northwest Passage\\" (1940).<br /><br />This is an excellent film, wonderfully photographed, with a great musical score. Peck manages to capture the many sides of a complex character, and this is one of our finest portraits of a military leader.ommand at some point for their differences with their commanders. The films, however, are much different with Patton clearly focused on the General's personality and MacArthur attempting a much more ambitious biography.    \\"Patton\\" won 7 Oscars (Actor, Picture, Director, Sound, Art Direction, Editing, Writing) and was nominated for 3 more. George C. Scott also won a Golden Globe. \\"MacArthur\\" received no Oscar nominations and Peck was nominated for a Golden Globe but lost to Richard Burton. \\"Patton\\" was #4 in the box office with $28,000,000 and \\"MacArthur\\" at $16,000,000 was not in the top 10.    \\"MacArthur\\" is clearly one of the best film biographies of famous American military figures. Included in my own list of top picks would be \\"Patton\\", Burgess Meredith's portrayal of Ernie Pyle in \\"The Story of GI Joe\\" (1945), John Wayne's portrait of Spig Wead in \\"Wings of Eagles\\" (1957), \\"Sergeant York\\" (1941), Errol Flynn's portrait of Custer in \\"They Died with Their Boots On\\" (1941), Spencer Tracy's portrait of Robert Rogers in \\"Northwest Passage\\" (1940).    This is an excellent film, wonderfully photographed, with a great musical score. Peck manages to capture the many sides of a complex character, and this is one of our finest portraits of a military leader.
B000O8OTNC|2.0|I bought this with high expectatiions. However, I am at a loss to say anything good about it. Tried it according to instructions and then every other way I could think of. It really does not sharpen. I used on a Gerber 3 inch blade. Maybe it only works with Smith knives (doubt it). Anyway try something else (as I am going to).
B003XDZLXW|4.0|I wear a 9 1/2 shoe.  Ordered a 10 but there is an excessive amount of shoe showing behind my heel.  The back strap forces my foot forward.  Crocs really need to have half sizes.
B001KVZ6FW|4.0|Pixar can always be counted on to release a cute movie.  This was definitely cute although a little out there in the storyline.<br /><br />After his adventurous wife of many years dies, Mr.Fredericksen turns somewhat recluse.  It had always been their dream to go to Paradise Falls and live there and when he's about to be shipped off to a retirement home, Mr. Frederickson gets an idea.  When they come to collect him the next day, he and his house take off while tied to hundreds of balloons.  The only problem is the local Wilderness Explorer Scout Russell was on his porch and is carried along with him.  They manage to land, but not quite near Paradise Falls and with the house still floating they decide to drag it around to the falls.  But some strange characters show up, a wild colorful bird, and a talking dog, and things start to get a little more interesting.  Namely when the talking dog turns out to belong to a old hero of Mr. Frederickson's and is desperate to get ahold of the strange bird and take it away from its babies.<br /><br />For characters all the voice actors did a great job.  I really liked Mr. Frederickson, he was a great character and while surly, still lovable.  Russell on the other hand drove me nuts, its a bit harsh but I kept hoping Darwinism would kick in for him as he just kept doing such stupid things for a kid his age.  I loved the bird and the dog, the dog especially since it could talk really sounded and acted like what I thought a dog would.  The other talking dogs were great as well. *Spoilers ahead*  Another problem character I had was the crazy explorer after the bird, he was really evil for being in a child's movie and trying to kill a child in it.<br /><br />For a plot it was pretty simplistic but charming all the same.  Sure there's a lot of unbelievable aspects but it is a kid's movie and fantasy elements can be accepted.  I have to say that my favorite part of the movie was probably in the beginning where it showed snapshots and Mr. Frederickson and his wife's life together.  Since it was pixar you know the graphics were good, and they really did a wonderful job on the animations.  It was very colorful.<br /><br />Not a bad Pixar movie, there are others out there I like better, but this one was rather sweet.  Definitely a good kid's movie.<br /><br />Review by M. Reynard 2011wife's life together.  Since it was pixar you know the graphics were good, and they really did a wonderful job on the animations.  It was very colorful.     Not a bad Pixar movie, there are others out there I like better, but this one was rather sweet.  Definitely a good kid's movie.    Review by M. Reynard 2011
0553582038|4.0|This installment of A song of Ice and Fire was another great work of fiction by George R.R. Martin. This series has quickly become my favorite of all time. However, of the four books that are out in the series, book 4 is far and away the slowest and least revealing. Most readers will love the book, as it follows the same pattern and style of writing as the previous three, but will be sorely disappointed in the lack of action and revealing moments that we became so accustomed to in book 3 of the series. All in all, another great read, but don't expect it to be another book 3.
B0036TGSIK|4.0|I wanted to see this movie after watching the previews. It looked funny, and it really was.  A bit unrealistic, but still funny.<br /><br />When Olive has a rumor started about her at school that she lost her virginity, she decides to let it go, she's actually getting noticed for once.  But from there it just spirals as a few other people approach her for help with faking sex with her in return for giftcards.  It boosts their popularity and keeps her noticed.  However, after awhile it starts to get out of control and Olive wonders if she's done the wrong thing.<br /><br />Characters:<br />Emma Stone<br />Penn  Badgley<br />Amanda Bynes<br />Thomas Haden Church<br />Patricia Clarkson<br />Cam Gigandet<br />Lisa Kudrow<br />Malcolm McDowell<br />Alyson Michalka<br />Stanley Tucci<br /><br />I love Stanley Tucci, so I was so glad to see him in this movie.  And he proved to be exceptionally funny as Olive's father.  Emma Stone as Olive wasn't too shabby either.  She had a dry wit and while not a completely believable teenager, she was still entertaining to watch.  Amanda Bynes was annoying, but then again her character was meant to be that way so I suppose that means she did a good job.  The other characters were ok, I didn't think her best friend really added anything except unneeded drama.<br /><br />For a plot it was funny.  They openly borrowed from the Scarlet Letter for ideas and it was an interesting modern take on the story.  I enjoyed the comedy aspect as well and the writers on the movie did a great job at making it funny.  There might have been music in the movie, but honestly it was secondary and I didn't pay attention to it obviously.  Definitely not important to the overall premise of the movie though so its not too much of a negative.<br /><br />Overall it was a good movie.  Somewhat unrealistic at times but still funny.  I enjoyed it.<br /><br />Review by M. Reynard 2011
0307120007|5.0|This is the second time I purchased this book. My 18 months old grandson wore out the first copy. He and his older brother love this book.
0156027321|5.0|Piscine Molitor Patel is named after a swimming pool, and after considerable teasing at school, later shortens his name to Pi.  The Life of Pi begins in India, in Pondicherry Zoo, an unusual place to raise a family, but nevertheless where our hero is reared. The zoo was founded, owned, and directed by his father, who sometimes utilized cruel lessons to train his children in the dangers of co-existing with animals. The young boys learn about the food chain and basic animal instincts one day when his father makes them watch a goat being released into the tiger's den. Perhaps that is why Pi searches for a benevolent father and becomes a Hindu, Christian, and Muslim--all at the same time.  When Pi is a teenager, his father sells the zoo and they plan to make a fresh start in Canada.  They cross the ocean on the Japanese cargo ship that carries the animals.  Pi then discloses, \\"Things didn't turn out the way they were supposed to but what can you do?  You must take life the way it comes at you and make the best of it.\\"   Part Two tells the story of how things didn't turn out.  The cargo ship sinks, leaving Pi on board the only life-boat.  We meet his fellow passengers--a hyena, zebra, orang-utan, and we see once again the cruel life lessons of survival.  When these three animals are dead, Pi discovers he is not alone.  Underneath the tarp of the lifeboat, Richard Parker, a Bengal tiger emerges, and thus begins a fantastic and incredible journey of man and beast co-existing on the Pacific Ocean for 227 days.  How do they survive?  What happens to Richard Parker when they are rescued?  What happens to Pi?  Settle in for a good read, and you will find out.
0971407614|5.0|This book really is awesome if you follow the exercise programme's and invest in a stopwatch you will get great results.
B000ENV2R8|5.0|I love popping this in and listening to the whole album. Just sounds so crisp and the surround is excellent. Highly recommended.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|Lady Gaga has pulled out all the stops for Born This Way - she leaves nothing on the table or nothing behind and gives her everything. The album is not typical in many respects of her previous work and I think it is somewhat more polarizing than anything else she has previously done; e.g. either you'll love it or hate it but I don't think you'll be stuck somewhere in between. The good news is that this is a change, a different direction - were any of us really ready for Bad Romance, part 2? I don't think so and on that note, Lady Gaga surely delivers. She's giving us multiple messages in this release, messages that not all of us will understand or are ready for, which is not to say it's over anyone's head, but it really is new territory for her. She has changed gears and we really are lucky that she has. She delivers again a tour de force that should demand respect from even the most critical ear. As a musician, artist and person, she has evolved; luckily, we get to hear that.    So far, even my own family (some of us are a bit old to be called \\"monsters\\", but we get the drift) is polarized over this release - my 70+ year old and very coherent mother loves it, especially her voice and the range and she was clear about some of the messages being sent out; me a 50 year old father of two teen girls, loves it - one of my teens, the 15 year old, can't get enough, yet the 13 year old doesn't like any part of it, not at all, and prior to this album had been a huge Lady Gaga fan. Like I said, this music is polarizing - and even among friends I've checked with, there is no in between.    Well, that's my take on it and quite frankly, I hope you do actually preview the songs before buying it to see if it is in your taste range or not; even better yet - watch her Monster Ball Concert at Madison Square Garden before opting to buy it. Me? I can't get enough of it and for that reason have made the purchase for it.    One last note - to those reviewers who bash the musician (1 star? please!) because they had problems downloading the album - 1. Really? You gave the album 1 star because you couldn't download it fast enough? Is it me or is that a bit oxymoronic?; 2. Really? You gave the album 1 star because you have internet or network problems and don't take it up with Amazon or your cable provider, but take it out on the musician? - that's just childish, it really is. For me, it took a little over 5 minutes, but this album is worth the wait. Giving this 1 star because you had problems downloading it is like shooting your mail carrier because you don't like the mail they deliver and is really, really dumb.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|I purchased this on Monday when the had the 99¢ deal then, too!  First, I must say that I was planning on purchasing this album before I knew it was on super sale but getting it for less than a buck was awesome!  On a side note, I had absolutely no problems downloading it - it took as long as any other full albums I purchase take (about 15 minutes or so) so I'm not sure what everyone else's problems were...    Anyway, to review the product (which, I agree with others - reviews here should be about the product NOT issues with Amazon and/or your computer/operating system/internet connection problems).  I LOVE THIS ALBUM!  I loved Fame Monster but I think this one is better than Fame Monster in my book.  A lot of people have complained about the 80's/techno beats to the song and I think maybe that's why I love it so much.  Gaga has a great voice and writes pretty damn good songs.  This album will be on repeat for the next few weeks for me!
B004Z2TUGE|1.0|Some of the special effects are entertaining - but  the characters are underdeveloped and the story more  than predictable. Overall, NOT a movie worth seeing.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|Amazon has worked this out because the whole album downloaded in about 15 minutes. Just with the ease of the download and the price this gets 5 stars.     I've given the album a quick listen. Gaga's stuff isn't the type of music I generally listen to. I mostly stick to hard rock and metal. But I love Gaga and a few of her other songs so I figured I would give this a try. And I think the album has some promise. Electric Chapel, for example, is a rock song with a bit of techno vibe. It's got a good guitar riff and a nice little solo.     That song stuck out to me because its more my bread and butter. Bad Kids has a more rock feel too. The other stuff is more along the lines of her other music, though still different from her other albums.     I didn't expect to love this album on first listen. It takes me a while to warm up to music from bands that I absolutely love. But considering the price, the fact that I love Gaga, and the promise I think it has from the first listen I think this is a great deal.
B004HO6HWK|2.0|Seeing Jason Statham in a modern remake of the 1972 Charles Bronson-starring The Mechanic is an interesting enough proposition, but sadly it lacks the hard-edged gritty feel that made the original film so good in the first place.  Statham plays Arthur Bishop; a veteran hitman who takes Steve, the son (Ben Foster) of an old comrade (Donald Sutherland), under his wing and shows him the ropes of his profession.  Steve is a natural, and it isn't long before both men embark on a bullet-ridden joyride of sorts.  While a good chunk of the central elements of the original film are left intact, this new take on The Mechanic is too slick for its own good.  Statham's Arthur Bishop is much more an invulnerable super-spy type here than Bronson's was, and while Statham and Foster do good jobs in their respective roles, neither can help the generic and predictable screenplay.  There is some good action to be found however, even if the end result of the film doesn't even come close to holding a candle to the original.  All in all, you could do far worse in terms of action films, but you'd be better off sticking with the 1970s The Mechanic instead.
B004XDYJRU|5.0|So far, so good. Have been using for about a month. No problems Nexus One, 2.3.4. Fun to listen. to stations from home town.
B000BQV52A|5.0|I would like to thank the reviewers of this box. I have Ashkenazy, Kempff-Stereo, Goode, Frank,Brendel 1st Philips, Schnabel, and this box They are all wonderful pianists. As an amateur pianist I have learned and played many of these sonatas. Each artist brings something special to their interpretation. This playing is very exciting,very individual,and never ponderous.  Gulda obviously had awesome technique.  Give this set a try I don't think you will regret it.
B004CLYKLI|4.0|A friend sent me the excerpt from this book which generated a lot of conversation and had me raising my eyebrows.  But I found the book itself to be something very different.<br /><br />I thought the book was funny, interesting and moving.  Amy Chua is a very successful person and is clearly a very driven person.  I admire her for her honesty in writing this memoir.  She parents her children the way she was parented and tries very hard to justify her style by pointing to her children and their many incredible achievements (she has amazing kids).<br /><br />What I liked about this story is that Chua is not only the teacher but also the student, she learns from her youngest daughter that the parenting style that works best for one child doesn't necessarily work for all children and while Chua seems to be a bit of a slow learner she eventually does catch on and back off from her fierce tiger stance.<br /><br />I'm somewhat surprised this book generated such uproar, I think the excerpt that caught people's attention was taken out of context and because it was taken out of context it sparked a lot hostile criticism.  I think the book taken in its entirety is much less controversial and I suspect there's a clever marketing agent somewhere behind all the uproar.<br /><br />I was surprised to learn that Amy Chua's husband is Jed Rubenfeld, who like his wife is multitalented, one of his gifts being that he is a successful author.  I read his novel [[ASIN:1594487820 The Death Instinct]] last fall and enjoyed it very much.<br /><br />I'm glad I read Tiger Mother and can at least have an informed opinion now that I've read not just the article but the book, in its entirety, as well.
B002ZG98FU|5.0|This movie was amazingly wonderful.  Im not going to sit here and write about what its about, read the synopsis above or watch it if you really want to know.  The cast was perfect for every role they played, the storyline was totally excellent.  I usually get bored in the 1st 5 minutes of a movie because i know from the get go its going to suck.  Well this one sucked me right into it.  I totally loved it from beginning to end, it just keeps you wondering whats going to happen next, not predictable that's for sure. WATCH IT ITS AWESOME .......................
B001UV4XI8|5.0|ALL Blue Ray Movies must be cheap, include a regular DVD and a free digital download, or I will not purchase it!
B004SBQAN8|4.0|Its a bit slow going till mainly half way through the movie but all in all a pretty good movie.  I woulden't recommend buying it though but instead rent it.  Just because I think its a good movie doesn't mean I have to pretend its a movie I would watch again.
B003YFIUW8|4.0|The cover of ROOM was quite interesting and in the end it was the childishly written word-title \\"ROOM\\" that made me read a summary of the book and decide to finally read it.  I read the book in a few days, but there were a few things that caused some ambiguity about the story of Jack and Ma in the 11' x 11' room as their home for seven years.  I very much like the character of Ma and as I read I thought what patience she had cooped up in a small room with barely enough to eat and yet she taught her son, Jack, everything she possibly could with what she had.  They had four books and she read them over and over to him, and taught him to be very creative with the few things that were in the room.  When I first met Jack right at the beginning, I became unsure of how I felt about him and his method of speaking and the amount of time he demanded from Ma. I wondered where she found her patience. There were several inconsistencies in Jack's language development.  One minute he was talking about Rug and Meltedy Spoon and the next his thoughts were about \\"the lovely air.\\"  I don't think I've heard a five-year-old refer to \\"the lovely air.\\"      When Ma's abductor, Old Nick visited, Jack stayed in Wardrobe where he slept.  Ma had been abducted and raped by Nick and Jack was the outcome of that, although Ma had had a baby girl before having Jack.  The story is very disturbing in parts when the reader learns why they are living the way they are and that this is the only world that Jack knows and believes that the room they live in is the world.  The second half of the book moved faster for me, and without giving too much away, I suppose I expected too much from Jack in his new environment.  His mother's patience was once again put to the test as was his grandmother's. As another reviewer said, I absolutely cringed every time this five-year-old child breastfed, and it is a very frequent activity throughout the book.  I didn't like his descriptions of the experience and I didn't like the way he finally said good-bye to breastfeeding.  And I was a member of the Le Leche League.      In summary, the author wrote a very creative, harrowing and unique story. And quite a sad one, too.  In comparison to everything that goes on in ROOM, my complaints are actually few.  Overall, I think that ROOM gives us a lot to think about, especially since situations like this happen in real life more than we'd like to admit.  I give the author great credit for balancing out the character of Ma so that she didn't really lose it with claustrophobia in that room for all those years, and for doing the very best she could to raise her son with so much love and attention when it could have gone in a different direction.  I have Slammerkin on my Kindle to read next, since this is the only book of Emma Donoghue's that I've read.    It isn't my favorite book, but I'm glad I had the experience of reading it.
0316056863|1.0|I requested this book from the library and while I was waiting for it to come in (it was VERY popular, as you can imagine, given her reputation), I was tempted numerous times to buy it and end my self-imposed torture.    I am so glad I didn't spend money on this one.    It was pitched (for example, the Amazon \\"review\\") as hilarious, insightful and written in her true \\"voice.\\"     Not funny. I found it to be a collection of disjointed stories that often had no funny aspect or POV to them. It was emotionally raw and straight-up embarrassing in some places.     No insight. I didn't find the stories to be very interesting. Just an ordinary person who has a very loud and inward-looking perspective. It was strange that her thoughts mirrored mine ... when I was 13. By 19, I'd \\"grown up\\" and shaken off certain insecurities, traded them for new ones, shaken those off, and so on. I felt very strongly that she was still a teenager with the typical angsty, self-involved internal dialogue. It was disappointing because I respect her work and her accomplishments so much.    I'm aware that she is a writer for 30 Rock (and a terrific actor as well), that she's done well on SNL in both roles and that she wrote (and had a small part in) \\"Mean Girls,\\" which was an enjoyable movie. I'm not sure how the writing process works. I imagine that it's several writers coming together so we have a melding of different \\"voices\\" creating the comedy. This book was presented as her true voice, so I feel very strongly that she benefits from the other writers she's collaborate with to create excellent shows like 30 Rock. I don't like her voice on its own. Her fixation on her scar, for example, and her opinions of people's rude questions does not reflect a gracious or kind person. It shows bitterness, continuing insecurities, and unpleasantness. In short, while I doubt I would be impolite enough to comment on someone's physical appearance, her POVs on different mundane things leads me to believe that Iwould not enjoy her company very much.     It was an unpleasant shock since I've rooted for her and been pleased for her throughout these successful years. And while there is overwhelming support for her new book on this website, I wanted to write the following advice if case anyone's interested: if you can, borrow her book first and if you like it, then buy it. You never know. You might think you're the biggest fan and will automatically love it (as I did) but you may also end up as the disappointed minority on Amazon.
B00406UK5A|4.0|Considering this is a rather obscure and low production film I was surprised at what was accomplished. Decent story, decent action, and stunning visuals. The blood looked VERY fake, but that can be overlooked.
159420229X|5.0|A fantastic journey through both the history of memorization, it uses both then and now, his story of training and the mental athletes he meets. NOT a self help book.
0061726826|3.0|The book takes foreverrrrrrr to get going. The author takes way too long describing the symptoms in the first half of the book. Once you get past that garbage, it is a decent book.<br />If you have half a brain, you can see where it all ends though.<br /><br />I'd recommend this book if someone was bored and wanted to read something for the sake of reading. Otherwise, not so great.<br /><br />3/8/2012 - Just found out there are two more books to this 'trilogy' that I didn't know about. so that's probably why the end was so abrupt.
B002SYXCVK|5.0|Y'know, it DOES sound like Winter.<br />I really enjoy this work by the elder Sting.<br />It isn't rock and roll.<br />It is Sting's music and his extraordinary voice, and it has a good vibe.<br />I also really like the cover photograph.  Looks like a nice place for a walk with the dog.
B000K15VSA|5.0|What can I say about Blade Runner? There's little I can add to the numerous reviews posted here. I have seen this so many times now, I know every scene like the back of my hand. Despite seeing all the versions, the re-mastering, the enhanced digital imagery, the altered scenes (like the dove taking off into the blue sky), the extra scenes (at the noodle stand) etc. etc., my favorite version, the one I like to watch often, is the laserdisc version of the Director's cut. I like the colors and there is a certain mystery and warmth to the scenes ... When I watch the Blu-Ray version, although it is much clearer and has more visible detail, the colors seem brighter, clearer and the movie's atmosphere doesn't hold... Dark, grainy, vague .. that is the atmosphere around LA in 2019 from the beginning of the film... Adding more color, lighting (a harsh white for the Noodle stand scene) only spoils this in my opinion.<br /><br />My 2 c..
B001L51RQE|4.0|Would have been 5 stars if Sting's performance included more energy.  Andy Summers' playing is nice and clear and Copeland has probably the best performance on the recording.
B003EV6DBW|5.0|I had a problem with very jumpy playback. I turned off the motion enhancer and cinemotion settings on my Sony TV and the problem went away. Blink is a great episode!
B004UOCF3W|5.0|I've played this album at least once per day for the last month or so.  Love it!    I became interested in the band after reading a recent Guitar World piece.  I was previously aware of exactly one of their songs: Learning to Fly.    This set of songs has that flavor.    Top notch R&R!
B004V7EW66|4.0|A solid effort.  Graceland like songs, which is my absolute favorite P.S. album.<br /><br />My Ranking:<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00000E9O7 Graceland]]<br />[[ASIN:B000002LKF Rhythm of the Saints]]<br />So Beautiful or So What<br /><br />Update 20120501<br /><br />After listening to the album a while, one suggestion is to purchase specific songs from this recording.<br />This really has two different flavors of songs on it.  One is the Graceland-like songs, the other is something darker and slower.  I enjoy the former, I've actually removed the latter out of the song rotation.<br /><br />The songs I still listen to and all rank as 5 stars:<br /><br />Dazzling Blue<br />Getting Read For Christmas Day<br />Love is Eternal Sacred Light<br />Rewrite<br />So Beautiful or So What<br />The Afterlife
0061726826|5.0|Imagine living in a world where loving someone is illegal, where you are paired with the person you will spend the rest of your life with based on the answers to an evaluation you go through, and where when you turn 18 you are given the \\"cure\\".<br /><br />In Oliver's Delirium, the people are regulated by the government. If you are found having physical contact or speaking to members of the opposite gender before you are cured, you are considered infected and sent off to a prison called The Crypts. You are forbidden to read certain books, listen to certain music etc because they are all considered to be part of the infection.<br /><br />Lena is in her senior year of high school and looking forward to her evaluation, her procedure of cure and being considered \\"safe\\". She has always been concerned that she wasn't normal, because her mother never was \\"cured\\" and committed suicide over the love she had for her husband.<br /><br />Lena has always been the good girl, has always conformed to the rules and believed in the cure. That is until she meets Alex. Alex is \\"cured\\" so he doesn't pose a threat to her. The more she gets to know Alex and his past, the more she discovers that things aren't as they seem.<br /><br />I enjoyed this book immensely. It of course has the high school things that you miss after being out of school for years.... the best friend, the sleep overs, getting ready for graduation, anticipating college and teen love. I appreciated how this book was different than so many other young adult books in that Alex and Lena weren't in love with each other after only 2 days. The book also brought in some poems from Poe and Barrett-Browning and plays from Shakespeare... which is always a plus. The ending left off in the perfect place for the second book in this trilogy to pick up and move forward. I can't wait for the next in the series.<br /><br />This is the second book by Oliver that I have read, and I must say that I am impressed. Her writing is absolutely wonderful. She knows how to write a dystopian story. In both of her books, while I was reading them and after, I have continued to think about the characters in the books and their lives. Rarely does an author do that for me. Oliver is truly one of a kind.ystopian story. In both of her books, while I was reading them and after, I have continued to think about the characters in the books and their lives. Rarely does an author do that for me. Oliver is truly one of a kind.
B000AMPZF8|5.0|First off, I am a thirteen year old American kid. I am the only person in my school who has even heard of Muse. And let me tell you, Origin of Symmetry is absolutely incredible. It contains some of Muse's best stuff, like Plug in Baby and Citizen Erased. If you are used to the Resistance, you may not like this album. But I guarentee if you give it enough time you will certainly warm up to it.
1439153663|4.0|This book is one of historical fiction at it's finest. The research that went into the book is apparent while reading the descriptions of late 1700's/early 1800's Virginia. It's hard to believe that this was a debut for the author.<br /><br />The story is told primarily by Lavinia, an indentured servant to the Captain who buys her as a young child after her parents die on their voyage to America. Lavinia is raised by slaves in the \\"kitchen house\\" and comes to know them as her only family. The other primary voice in the story is that of Belle, the illegitimate daughter of the captain born by one of the slave women. Belle gives us a realistic voice to the things Lavinia sees through the eyes of a child and through the naivety of someone not born into nor understands the true meaning of slavery.<br /><br />The characters in this book are so well written that you come to love them all, even though one in particular you tend to have a love-hate relationship. Mama Mae, Belle, Papa George, Ben and Will Stephens show that family and love comes in a variety regardless of color.<br /><br />You laugh, cry, cringe and yell with these characters as you are seeing the love, hatred, births, weddings, brutality and death unfold. Some parts are hard to read, but it's like that \\"wreck you can't stop watching\\" just because you have to know what happens.<br /><br />If you love historical fiction, this one will not disappoint.
B00475AYJQ|3.0|i loved the first one, sort of let down by the second, and also very let down by amazon letting author and his friends give 5 star ratings with copy and paste reviews, its really sad......three stars at best
B004EC5IUW|3.0|SPOILERS SPOILERS SPOILERS!!!!    I was a HUGE fan of the original evangelion series.  It's still up there as one of my top ten even after all this time.  So I was very excited when 1.11 came out, and it did not disappoint.  It was essentially an upgraded version of the first 6 episodes.  Thats what I was hoping for with 2.22, but thats not what we got.    The rebuild was desperately trying to fill in some of the glaring omissions and confusing sections of the original evangelion... which I fell it did.  Alot of the \\"conceptual\\" plot elements are alot more clear to me now.  BUT they fixed these issues by totally gutting all the character developments and dialogue interactions that made the original series so great.  The worst example of this is in Shinji and Asuka's relationship.  That is to say, there virtually is none now.    SPOILERS!!!!!    In the original series there was a rich dynamic between Shinji, Asuka, and \\"wonder-girl\\" Ayanami.  But that just doesnt exist here.  What they spend hours developing in the original series, they condensed to about 10 minutes in this version.  And when they killed (or maimed, they were unclear...) Asuka in this version, I initially thought, BRILLIANT move!  Its so much more moving and emotional... until I realized that it wasnt.  I didnt care about Asuka at all in this version.  All the complexity and likability had been robbed from the character, and she's now just a caricature of her former self.      All of my favorite Asuka moments were gone.  Her introduction where unit 002 is leapfrogging from aircraft carrier to aircraft carrier hunting an angel is gone.  The magma diving is gone.  The episode where she and shinji have to learn to operate in synchronous by doing everything simultaneously (one of my favorite episodes) gone.  So when Asuka dies... I just didnt care.  Why whould I, in this version Asuka is almost a bit character who does nothing but whine, trashtalk, and make dumb decisions.    But despite all this, the remake is still pretty cool.  The action is flawless and exciting, the new versions of the Angels are breathtaking, and alot of questions I had from the original had been answered, but I was very disappointed by the things that were lost in pursuit of the glitzy new vision of Eva.
B0051QIGP4|3.0|The review section is for reviews OF THE PRODUCT not the delivery mechanism. If you want to complain about how Amazon \\"screwed you\\" on your $1 for a very mediocre album, there is a complaint department for that (and numerous other avenues for you to cry about the hiccup that Amazon had in delivering your precious Lady Gaga album).<br /><br />OK, all that nonsense aside, lets look at this slab of flat pop. As bad as the title song is, Madonna homage that it is, there's not much else to recommend here. The production is very good, the best Gaga-money can buy. But her warped pseudo-religious lyrics get in the way every time. they make no sense, even on the scale of Lady Gaga songs. There's probably about a dollar's worth of value in the album, so if you didn't get in on the sale, pick the one track that actually sounds good and buy that.
B000FVNX2Q|1.0|I owned my first HP 12C for at least 15 years.  This new Chinese-made version lasted less than one year.  The enter key no longer works making the calculator worthless.  This calculator is very expensive if it becomes worthless in less than one year.  I will have to buy another one because I love to use this calculator and find it difficult to use any other.  Hopefully the shoddy construction is just a fluke.
0743289692|5.0|Infidel by Ayaan Hirsi Ali is such an important book for our times that I read it twice; I took extensive notes; and I recommended it to my book club. Ironically, we just discussed it yesterday, one day before I was invited to write this review.  The crux of the message of this book, it seems to me, is on pages 245-246.  \\"This compassion for immigrants and their struggles in a new country resulted in attitudes and policies that perpetuated cruelty.\\"  We are living in a terrible paradox. Westerners who respond to Muslim immigrants with fear and prejudice are,obviously, not promoting the causes of peace and assimilation. On the other hand, people who naively believe that \\" it does not matter what you believe\\" are, unintentionally supporting the abuse of women and children in their own countries. What is the answer?   I hope that people of all persuasions will read this book. I do not expect that we will all agree. I only hope that we can engage in peaceful dialog.
B004MNVKVO|5.0|I have owned this title on at least 5 media types now - vinyl, CD, MP3, and now Blu-Ray and enhanced CD.  It sounds simply amazing and it every bit as exciting as the first time I listened to this timeless classic.  The 24-bit enhanced CD sounds great, even in my car, and the blu-ray mix is just amazing on the home surround sound system.
B00005J6T0|5.0|This is one of those mushy albums tht i guess any romantic would love to own. To begin with, I love all Madonna albums and True Blue stands 4th in my album fav list. I feel 5 stars is just not enough for this timeless classic, this album goes way beyond words.More than the album the album cover caught my eye.Madge looks so beautiful..fresh as a flower..The cover shows a simple blue background which is the main theme of this album..yet wht makes the cover classy is the seductive upturned heaven pose by Madonna.    Now some reviews abt the tracks  1. PAPA DON'T PREACH- The opening track..sometimes i think this shud have been replaced by True Blue.Too controversial for its time as the track is based on teen pregnancy which tells us a tale of a young girl's will of keeping the baby despite all odds.A track with a powerful message.  \\"Papa don't preach, I'm in trouble deep  Papa don't preach, I've been losing sleep  But I made up my mind, I'm keeping my baby, oh  I'm gonna keep my baby\\"  Overall i rate this 4.    2. OPEN YOUR HEART- This song's catchy and those of u who have watched the video will prefer it more than the track..not one of my favs  Overall the rating is 3.    3. WHITE HEAT- One of my fav tracks..dedicated to Jimmy cagney this song contains dialogue extract from the 1954 movie 'White Heat'.Playful, seductive yet catchy tune..this song tends to hit ur system and sounds fresh even today.  \\"I don't want to live out your fantasy  Love's not that easy  This time you're gonna, gonna have to play my way  Come on make my day\\"  A must hear.Overall i rate this song 5.    4. LIVE TO TELL- After all the heat and hype comes a mellow track to calm down ur senses.Sometimes in the dead of the night i find myself humming this track..just like a prayer i feel connected to this song..a confession u knw!! One of the best Madonna ballads..  \\"A man can tell a thousand lies  I've learned my lesson well  Hope I live to tell  The secret I have learned, 'till then  It will burn inside of me\\"  Overall rating-4.5    5. WHERE'S THE PARTY- A complete party song where Madge talks about having some fun amidst the work and chaos.  \\"Where's the party, I want to free my soul  Where's the party, I want to lose control\\"  Overall rating-3    6. TRUE BLUE- This track has a special place in my heart..i have even sung a cover version of this..this track's a must hear for all the ppl in love.  \\"True love  You're the one I'm dreaming of  Your heart fits me like a glove  And I'm gonna be true blue baby I love you\\"  Overall i rate this 5    7. LA ISLA BONITA- One of my all time fav Madonna song...thsi track is best listened at night..i keep listening to this over and over and over..  \\"I want to be where the sun warms the sky  When it's time for siesta you can watch them go by  Beautiful faces, no cares in this world  Where a girl loves a boy, and a boy loves a girl\\"  Overall i rate this 5.    8. JIMMY JIMMY- Only diehard Madonna fans will like this track..for others u can ignore it..    9. LOVE MAKES THE WORLD GO ROUND- A song with the message of peace and harmony..stands so true in today's world..need i say more? if u wanna knw just listen to this track.  \\"There's hunger everywhere  We've got to take a stand  Reach out for someone's hand  Love makes the world go round\\"    Madge at her lyrical best..The best tracks are Papa Don't Preach, La Isla Bonita, White Heat, True Blue, Love Makes the World go Round.
B004FRX0MY|1.0|apparently not yet available for my x10 mini pro. used to have it from the android market but it sadly disappeared.
B000QCS8TW|1.0|I tried to like it. I struggled mightily, and in the end, I lost. If I had to get slapped in the face with one more perversion: incest, child murder, rape ( after selling your own sister to a barbarian chief that only knows 1 word of your language...\\"No\\") I wanted to bleach my braincells. Alas, what is seen cannot be unseen. So if that's your gig, have at, I'll take my good and bad guys without the hefty dose of Dr Phil-isms. And hope the worthy author exorcised his demons enough with his trip to the bank so that his slumber was more restful than mine that night.
B001UV4XHY|1.0|Horrible! Actually I suppose the movie is good...IF I EVER GET IT! ORDERED IT OVER A MONTH AGO AND STILL HAS NOT ARRIVED! NEEDLESS TO SAY I AM A BIT PEEVED! NEVER WILL ORDER FROM AMAZON.COM AGAIN!!!!!!!
B004I11VZ0|4.0|Cool film. Still great action and choreography. And the final battle is longer than in the first one. But better story in part 1, and part 2 overall is a little slower overall, pace wise. And the main villain's acting in part 2 is WAY overblown - he definitely is \\"hamming\\" it up for the camera.   It was great to see part 2 continue the overall story arc of certain characters from the first one to the second one, and Donnie Yen is a Bad As$! I can't wait to see his next blockbuster film.
B00447G2T8|5.0|7 Sinners have excellent speed and very good drums sounds long life HELLOWEEN!!!!!!!!!!
B00338QENI|5.0|The was a very interesting book that taught me so much history.  It is my opinion that this book or maybe a condensed version should be a required reading for high school students. Without ruining the ending, the Lacks' family should have been  monetarily paid for Henrietta's cells.  A great read, that contains scientific information as well as historical data, and more importantly black historical data that is often overlooked.
1903307848|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo12GAFJZK647XM]]THE LATEST LEGAL AID HANDBOOK:<br />THE ONLY SINGLE-VOLUME GUIDE TO CIVIL, FAMILY & CRIMINAL LEGAL AID SCHEMES<br /><br />An Appreciation by Phillip Taylor MBE and Elizabeth Taylor of Richmond Green Chambers<br /><br />Essential for everyone involved in legal aid cases, from caseworkers and paralegals to senior partners, this is now the definitive current guide available for the all too often complex and bureaucratic processes and procedures of the Legal Aid scheme... and we liked the cover design as it reminded us so much of its old, much treasured predecessor!<br /><br />This title is now published annually by the ever thorough and reliable Legal Action Group, who have taken responsibility for this much needed handbook because it contains all relevant new material including the changes to the family legal aid scheme in effect from May 2011.<br /><br />It's assumed, quite rightly we believe, that Counsel especially will find it helpful to have the complete advocacy schemes set out in one place in this single volume and that partners, directors, managers and administrators will benefit greatly from Part C: `Managing Legal Aid Work.'<br /><br />Certainly, practising barristers and solicitors and their clerks, practice managers and so forth will find the two chapters on getting paid for civil, family and criminal work of abiding and keen interest: the process being and remaining so unnecessarily complicated in our view.<br /><br />Bearing all this in mind, LAG reminds us in the Preface that legal aid is fundamental to the operation of a democratic society and it quotes Lord Bingham's utterance in 1998 that `equality before the law is a pretence if some citizens can protect their rights and others cannot; that the rule of law to be meaningful must ensure that justice is available to all, irrespective of means.'  (Take that, all you super-injunctioneers out there!)<br /><br />The comments by Vicky Ling and Simon Pugh added here are that `legal aid lawyers do not have an easy life.'  How true and therefore how pressing the need to acquire this latest Legal Aid Handbook for this year now it's an annual!<br /><br />The contents include, of course, legal aid advice and litigation, as well as the conduct of a civil case, a criminal case and others, including a family private law case, and a variety of other types of case, notably mental health and immigration.  There are chapters on the legal aid framework itself, together with issues relating to quality standards, contracts and a wealth of additional subject matter.<br /><br />In line with the Handbook's practical, well-organized plain English approach, there are case studies, checklists and practical hints with extensive cross-referencing and signposting of the latest developments.  Usefully, there's information on payment schemes, case law, regulations `and other items currently buried in the Legal Services Commission website....'<br /><br />And to keep you bang up to date on all important changes, the Handbook is supplemented by a blog available via google.<br /><br />Research tools abound, including tables of cases, statutes and statutory instruments, a list of abbreviations and a glossary.  For legal aid practitioners as well as accountants, cost officers, citizens' advice bureaux and more, this Handbook is the only single-volume current guide and is an essential acquisition for all legal professionals and their law libraries.nd therefore how pressing the need to acquire this latest Legal Aid Handbook for this year now it's an annual!    The contents include, of course, legal aid advice and litigation, as well as the conduct of a civil case, a criminal case and others, including a family private law case, and a variety of other types of case, notably mental health and immigration.  There are chapters on the legal aid framework itself, together with issues relating to quality standards, contracts and a wealth of additional subject matter.     In line with the Handbook's practical, well-organized plain English approach, there are case studies, checklists and practical hints with extensive cross-referencing and signposting of the latest developments.  Usefully, there's information on payment schemes, case law, regulations `and other items currently buried in the Legal Services Commission website....'      And to keep you bang up to date on all important changes, the Handbook is supplemented by a blog available via google.      Research tools abound, including tables of cases, statutes and statutory instruments, a list of abbreviations and a glossary.  For legal aid practitioners as well as accountants, cost officers, citizens' advice bureaux and more, this Handbook is the only single-volume current guide and is an essential acquisition for all legal professionals and their law libraries.
0345495004|4.0|Loving Frank tells the story about Frank Lloyd Wright and his lover Mamah Borthwick which not many know about. The reader learns what they gave up to become a couple - which is quite amazing given the period of time when they lived. Definitely went against all \\"norms\\" and prevailed in their mission to be together. The author does a great job of portraying what they both endured to continue their relationship.<br />I DID like the book & it was definitely interesting. I can't say I agree with all the choices they made & actions they took but everyone has their own opinion! The author did a great job of writing a novel based on true facts.
1846612748|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo1FCT5TM9YYYWT]]FROM JORDAN'S FAMILY LAW- AN ACKNOWLEDGED TOP AUTHORITY IN THE FIELD<br /><br />An Appreciation by Phillip Taylor MBE and Elizabeth Taylor of Richmond Green Chambers<br /><br />Emanating from family law and procedure in England and Wales, the first edition of this valuable book from renowned expert Lisa Parkinson, was published in 1997.  We would agree with Wilson LJ, who expresses a degree of pleasant surprise that the first edition was translated into five European languages: Russian Portuguese, Italian, Spanish and Romanian - a significant indicator of the book's value and success if we ever saw one!<br /><br />However, as Wilson has pointed out, the first edition is now seriously out of date.  Once a curious peripheral outside the mainstream of the family justice system, mediation is now virtually at the core of what is now known as Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR).<br /><br />The UK's new coalition government now holds that family matters are going to be (or highly likely to be) removed from the court system. This is auto-mediation, you might say, on a whether-you-like-it-or-not basis and it's obvious that this process is continuing.<br /><br />Following government cuts, 103 courts in England and Wales are being closed during 2011 alone and undergoing relocation to large combined court centres.  Effectively -- and against some opposition --- family matters are being taken outside the court system and placed squarely in the context of mediation.<br /><br />There's a caveat here.  Based on our personal experience, mediation (so far) does not necessarily work, because warring parties too often have a stubborn tendency to remain obdurately locked in to their respective positions.  Parkinson does confront this problem head on and concedes, we believe, that in such cases, recourse to the courts is the only way forward.<br /><br />Mediation will nonetheless continue as the preferred -- and sometimes compulsory -- first port of call in family disputes, prior to court appearances, almost always at the insistence of judges.<br /><br />As Wilson reminds us, family mediation is `far more complex and multifaceted that the uniformed observer might assume. We will need a vade mecum.  It will be Lisa Parkinson's book.'<br /><br />All of which means that if you are professionally involved in family mediation, or you aspire to be, you seriously need the latest edition of this definitive work - out now from Jordan's.<br /><br />To aid your further research, there are appendices containing sample documentation, an extensive 10-page bibliography and useful index.  This is an excellent guide to understanding how family mediation can be made to work successfully as a precisely structured and, for the most part, effective means of dispute resolution in family cases.<br />The publication date is March 2011 under the `Family Law' publishing name from Jordans,always at the insistence of judges.    As Wilson reminds us, family mediation is `far more complex and multifaceted that the uniformed observer might assume. We will need a vade mecum.  It will be Lisa Parkinson's book.'    All of which means that if you are professionally involved in family mediation, or you aspire to be, you seriously need the latest edition of this definitive work - out now from Jordan's.    To aid your further research, there are appendices containing sample documentation, an extensive 10-page bibliography and useful index.  This is an excellent guide to understanding how family mediation can be made to work successfully as a precisely structured and, for the most part, effective means of dispute resolution in family cases.  The publication date is March 2011 under the `Family Law' publishing name from Jordans,
1416550534|3.0|This is obviously a gifted writer and researcher, and I thoroughly enjoyed most of this book, and plan to read other books by Kate Morton. I so enjoyed reading of the life of Grace, the young maid, in such vivid detail. Where I felt the book fell down was in the last third when Hannah's affair started, and suddenly the book was told by Hannah's point of view rather than Grace's. The ending was broadcast and rather rushed, and it was disappointing to see a couple of major details tied up so neatly in the end with one or two sentences.
B00005QFE5|5.0|This film surprised me. At first I was skeptical but became entranced. This film with subtitles had Beautiful cinematography and it had a simple but poignant story. It is a moving love story. I highly recommend it.
1568491581|5.0|I just re-read Peck's classic, The Road Less Travelled.  I first read it in 1986, shortly after beginning my first professional job in a rural county in Michigan.  It was an immensely difficult time for me, at the age of 23.  In October the year before, my father, who lived a hundred miles away, was in a motorcycle accident that incapacitated him for years.  I knew no one in the place I lived.  And I was brand new to the mental health profession, just learning to manage my own emotions about the changes in my life while learning how to understand patients with severe psychiatric conditions and my role in their treatment.<br /><br />I had picked the book up because I thought I would read about good ideas to give my patients as they went through rough times.  Instead, I was given an immense gift myself by reading it.<br /><br />Dr. Peck's words here are easily read, but require careful concentration to understand.  There is almost, I would say, a poetic quality about them.  And it does, indeed, contain information about mental illness, explaining the difference between \\"neurosis\\" (a term that might refer to a variety of different problems in the current DSM)and psychosis; and between neurosis and sociopathology.  This is all in terms a layman can understand, however.<br /><br />What was more relevent to me at 23, and what I enjoyed re-reading the most this year, were some of the experiences the author had himself that became a moment of clarity for him.  With these, and with colorful examples from his work, his homelife, and of some of his patients, he shows us some simple but important truths:<br /><br />--Life will always be difficult.<br />--Delaying gratification is \\"the only decent way to live.\\"<br />--Relationships require work and attention.<br />--Grace is the gift that faith brings us (in Christian terms, grace is God's unearned love; but Peck does not write from a strictly Christian perspective), and one that can make us stronger.<br /><br />I believe that \\"The Road Less Travelled\\" is the most plain-speaking book I've read that also taught me a great deal.  The experience of reading it at 23 was like reading a compass; it had an immense effect on my confidence and self-understanding, which is so important in my field.aking book I've read that also taught me a great deal.  The experience of reading it at 23 was like reading a compass; it had an immense effect on my confidence and self-understanding, which is so important in my field.
B002MQYOFW|3.0|Writing this on a kindle so it`ll be short. I enjoyed the book but I am not inerested in books made to be a trilogy. When I buy a book, I am expecting the full product.    Suzanne Collins is clever to do a three book scheme but I do not feel the need to buy book 2 or 3.
B004RJMUJO|1.0|glad i didnt pay for this.  was a very boring game.  pointless even compared to other time wasting games. dont waste your money.
B004IQMXD4|5.0|Well I guess I am getting old.<br />  First I find Cyndie Lauper singing the Blues. (I would have said this would never happened a few years ago)<br />She knocked my socks off with her lastest release.<br />  She was I thought just Rock and Roll.<br /> Boy was I wrong.  She is redifining her many talents.<br /><br />Now Stevie Nicks whom I have always loved but I am just not the not of guy that will buy most old R&R that comes along..<br /><br /> I missed this one by a mile also...<br /> She is Killer....<br />This is like fine wine that has been hidden in the celler, what a great surprise.<br /><br />I got lucky on finding this CD also...<br />  The best of Stevie is what I would cal this Blues CD,<br />Yuppers I said Blues.<br /><br />Here song New Orleans stopped me dead as it played....<br />Fantastic, Stevie...<br /><br />So not only is this woman gorgeous but now I find her multi talented.<br />  She has been holding out on us after all of these years of fine recording she has been doing.<br /><br />The cut Soldier's Angel alone is worth the entire CD.<br /> Once you hear this one you will know Stevie is Spot On!!!!<br />Stevie given us some more of your new Genre.<br /> Please !!!!!!!!<br />  You are getting better just like me as we get older.<br />  Thanks Lady,<br /> You are Great.
0345529057|5.0|Okay so this set was bought for my mother and I have to say it is stunning! Beautiful and excellent quality for paperbacks! Besides you cannot beat that price, though I'm sure it will go up as I'm seeing more and more people reading these books everyday!! I read them all years ago and the paperbacks I had borrowed fell apart right away, these are meant to be read again and again!
B003VJTGLQ|4.0|Please describe the audio and video quality of any Blu-Ray you review.  Thanks to those who do this.<br /><br />The video quality was better than I expected, after reading some of the reviews.  It wasn't the greatest, but not the worst either.  I give it 7.5 to 8.0 on a 10 point scale.  The lowest score I have ever given a Blu-Ray is 4.0.<br /><br />The DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 was adequate (there just wasn't a lot of surround sound in this movie, except for the background music).<br /><br />After watching the Blu-Ray, I put in the DVD.  The Blu-Ray is better, but not a whole lot better.  Both the Blu-Ray and DVD appeared to be 2.35:1, with black bars on the top and bottom (the way I like movies to be).  The DVD appeared dark in some scenes.<br /><br />Overall, I am happy with this Blu-Ray purchase, because I really like this movie.
B0043EV774|5.0|Watching Johnny Depp in 3D....awesome.  I love this movie so much and that is one of the main reasons I bought a 3D TV.  Make the plunge.......buy it, you'll like it.
B002ZG99Z4|5.0|I'll keep this short.   Danny McBride is a genius.     My favorite comedy, before this movie, was FOOT FIST WAY.  So, go figure.    These guys are on to something.   It's not so simple. It is simple.    Just punch the tip and twist it.  Playful Secrets!
B00095NX9G|5.0|Rachel Brice is the eminence of tribal so its no surprise that this video is a great resource when learning the tribal style. It is a major plus that she offers a workout to condition and help stretch the body and that the video is filmed in a studio and of great visual quality unlike many instructional videos out there. I think this is a great video for anyone that wants to belly dance not just Tribal.
B004EC5IUW|5.0|This redux was an excellent idea and beautifully animated. The sound still captures the older feel, without the bump and buzz and busy audio track of newer stuff. Excellent stuff.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|I wasn't sure that a shapner of this kind would really do the job, but I decided to take a change.  Afterall, I can't lose much at this price.  The gamble paid off.  This is small and light weight, suitable for a backpack or a key chain.  If that weren't enough, it actually works well -- at least the ceramic shapner does.  So far I've used the ceramic to sharpen the blade on a pocket knife and a camping knife.  It did a good job.  I haven't had any need to try the carbide or the serated sharpners yet.
0060833459|5.0|I've purchased this book a dozen times as gifts for people I work with or know who could benefit from Peter Drucker's wisdom.  He's an icon and I highly recommend this book!
014241722X|5.0|I have ordered this book and many others from Amazon.com. The prices are right,they are mailed to my house in a timely manner and have not had any trouble of any kind.I will order more books and o   ther things from amazon.com.                                     keep up the great work and thanks     Steve
B0013D8LCW|5.0|Wow.  I mean WOW!!  A copy of this movie was gifted to me, and WHAT A GIFT IT WAS.  Adorable characters, and a story of Tribulation that ends in Triumph.  Brad Rowe was my favorite - so beautiful, but Trevor Wright was equally wonderful and delightful - sacrificing his own life to help his sister and how very special he was with his nephew.  Superb.  The music is also great. Spend some time and research Shane Mack and the soundtrack. \\"Lie to Me\\" is a new all time favorite of mine.  This was a class act!  If you buy only one movie this year, \\"See the Truth,\\" and buy Shelter.
B004LAIU4I|2.0|I had heard a number of reviews on the radio and read several as well and I was expecting a breakthrough along the lines of graceland.  while there are a few good songs, I actualy liked Paul's \\"Surprised\\" Cd better - better sense of melody and overall production.
B000H8SFMK|5.0|This is a high energy, screamin', stompin' good time!   If you like high spirited music, great lyrics, and excellent muscians, you will love this title.  Mostly Irish romp with some songs with a Spanish flavor.  I have enjoyed all their music and I hope others will too.
B0051QIGP4|1.0|This review is regarding Amazon's downloading service not Lady Gaga's album which I haven't had the opportunity to listen to yet.  I made multiple attempts to purchase the MP3 version of the album when it was listed for $.99.  Amazon ended up charging my credit card for two separate purchases but the album did not download either time.  I purchased the album a third time on 26 May 2011 when they ran it for $.99 again.  The site forced me to download the album to the cloud drive which I did not want.  I was eventually able to download the songs from the cloud drive to my hard drive but had to do it one song at a time.  $2.97 for an album is still a good price but having to purchase the album 3 separate times before actually receiving it without being offered any compensation is unacceptable.  In the future I will use itunes or buy the CD.
B0016CVMRQ|2.0|I strongly wish that Amazon can share this to people outside USA.  that will be a great news for us people in Taiwan.
B001UV4XHY|1.0|This movie is so dark that you spend the majority of the time reading the captions and staring at a black screen. WB needs to make quality DVDs instead of this junk. I can't rate the movie because I couldn't see it.
B004G600A4|5.0|If you want to see a really funny, fun and wholesome family movie you have to view this movie. You'll want to this movie more than once, the same day.
0143034901|5.0|This book delivered some of the most memorable lines I've ever read in a book, it was a wonderful mystery with interesting characters and fantastic prose.<br /><br />Characters<br /><br />The book centers on Daniel Sempere, the son of a bookseller in Barcelona.  The book begins with Daniel being 10 years old and follows him throughout his life.  I enjoyed reading about Daniel and I thought he was a very well written character, but my favorite character in the book was Fermin.  Fermin begins the book as a beggar on the streets who helps Daniel after he has been in a fight.  Later, Daniel convinces his father to hire Fermin to help in the bookstore.  As the book continues we find that Fermin was some sort of spy during the Spanish Civil War.  Fermin is a wonderful character who had some of my favorite lines in any book I've read for quite some time.<br /><br />Setting<br /><br />The book is set in Barcelona, Spain during the 1930's through the 1960's.<br /><br />Plot<br /><br />The book begins with Daniel being 10 years old and his father taking him to the Cemetery of Forgotten Books.  While there, he discovers a book written by Julian Carax titled \\"The Shadow of the Wind\\".  He takes this book with him and reads it that night, finishing it early in the morning.  After finishing the book, Daniel wants to find more books written by Carax, but is unable to.  It seems that someone has been traveling throughout Spain and France buying every copy of Carax's books they can find and then burning them.  From here Daniel starts to investigate the life of Carax and trying to find out more about the author that no one seems to know anything about.  Early in his search, he meets a man who claims he is Lain Coubert who offers to buy the book from Daniel.  Lain Coubert was the name that the Devil used in The Shadow of the Wind.<br /><br />Enjoyment<br /><br />The book was wonderfully written with some of the best lines of prose that I've ever read.  The characters were all fun and the story was full of intrigue as you watch Daniel try to solve the mystery of what happened to Carax.  The story is wonderful and unfolds at a good pace and keeps you guessing throughout the novel.  Everything works out perfectly with the story and I thought that everything was tied up well by the end of the book, as a good mystery should do.<br /><br />Overall Grade<br /><br />Wonderful characters, and strong story, and very memorable lines of dialogue make this a book that I will readily suggest to anyone who enjoys a good read.<br /><br />10/10<br /><br />This and all of my reviews are available on my blog.  Check out my profile page for a link to my blog.he mystery of what happened to Carax.  The story is wonderful and unfolds at a good pace and keeps you guessing throughout the novel.  Everything works out perfectly with the story and I thought that everything was tied up well by the end of the book, as a good mystery should do.    Overall Grade    Wonderful characters, and strong story, and very memorable lines of dialogue make this a book that I will readily suggest to anyone who enjoys a good read.    10/10    This and all of my reviews are available on my blog.  Check out my profile page for a link to my blog.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|The only birds I like are angry ones :) This is an awesome addition to the angry birds family of apps. That being said; I would like the updates to be on time. They're worth the wait in the end but I get kinda nutty after too long.
B003JRD5JO|5.0|This is a kick ass album. And I have listened to some of the greatest albums in rock history like The Dark Side of the Moon, Led Zeppelin IV, Who's Next, Appetite For Destruction, and Black and Black and yet this one still remains my favorite album. Every song is a killer from the opening keyboard solo to \\"Let It Rock\\" to the final chorus of \\"Wild In The Streets\\". If you are debating right now to spend $5 (An awesome price) for this killer album, buy the album. It is worth every penny.
B004UXUXGE|5.0|--------------------------------------------<br />\\"The Cave Of Forgotten Dreams\\"<br />(Directed by Werner Herzog, 2011)<br />--------------------------------------------<br />Given unprecedented access to the Chauvet Cave, a vast archeological repository located in the south of France, legendary director Werner Herzog and a minimal crew of four crawl through tunnels and balance on delicate metal catwalks, filming the extraordinary and breathtaking cave paintings found within. Herzog designed a lightweight, portable 3D camera, small enough to be brought into the cavern, so that he could capture the ways in which the ancient artists of Chauvet used the natural contours of the cave walls to enhance their artwork.  Although often rough technically, it is the most meaningful use of 3D cinematography I have ever seen, placing viewers inside the space of the cave in a way that seems magical and unreal.<br /><br />The Chauvet cave paintings were made over 30,000 years ago, depicting predatory animals such as bears and lions, as well as bison, rhinos, mammoths and perhaps most striking of all, a wall of beautifully rendered horses.  The spiritual and artistic presence of these paintings is almost overwhelming, embued with primal, primordial history and an astonishing technical and aesthetic command: these pictures are both evocative and beautiful.  Herzog approaches them reverently, and delights in their mystery, often shooting them in half-shadow or using moving, flickering light to suggest the rude torches used by their creators as well as the complete, total darkness that shrouded these powerful pictures for untold millennia. Throughout the film he intones in a soft European murmur, musing about the nature of human consciousness and the relationship of this ancient artwork to our own modern sensibilities: how much of the aesthetic and world view of this primitive culture do we carry about with us today?  Some viewers may find the intellectualism and pretensions hard to take (as well as the often intrusive but oddly affecting score...) yet it is hard to deny the power of the subject.<br /><br />You or I will never be able to go inside these caves -- they are closely guarded by the French government -- but in Herzog's film we can become immersed in them. Leaving the theater, walking in sunshine or under electric lights, you may marvel at the wonders that thirty thousand years of human life have brought - the works of stone and steel, plastic and glass, the layer upon layer of habitation and roads, the planes in the sky and the optical magic that brings art to life in films such as this. And, like Herzog and his crew, you may find yourself swept up by the connections we still have to the stunning pictures that lay hidden inside a dark cave for far more time than civilization itself... it is truly miraculous.<br /><br />A highly recommended, deeply moving film - for the full effect see it in the theaters, if you can.  (DJ Joe Sixpack, Slipcue film reviews)intrusive but oddly affecting score...) yet it is hard to deny the power of the subject.      You or I will never be able to go inside these caves -- they are closely guarded by the French government -- but in Herzog's film we can become immersed in them. Leaving the theater, walking in sunshine or under electric lights, you may marvel at the wonders that thirty thousand years of human life have brought - the works of stone and steel, plastic and glass, the layer upon layer of habitation and roads, the planes in the sky and the optical magic that brings art to life in films such as this. And, like Herzog and his crew, you may find yourself swept up by the connections we still have to the stunning pictures that lay hidden inside a dark cave for far more time than civilization itself... it is truly miraculous.      A highly recommended, deeply moving film - for the full effect see it in the theaters, if you can.  (DJ Joe Sixpack, Slipcue film reviews)
B0011UBDTK|1.0|I AM SOOOOO UPSET ABOUT THIS PURCHASE. APPARENTLY I SAW NO \\"RISKS\\" ON THE DVDS; BUT AS I WAS GOING TO SHIP THEM TO BRAZIL AS A B-DAY GIFT TO MY DAUGHTER; I WATCHED RANDOMLY 3 OF THEM. THEY WERE OK....BUT WHEN MY DAUGHTER GOT IT; THE WHOLE SEASON 3 IS DAMAGED!!! AND SOME OF SEASON 2. SHE DOES NOT EVEN WANT TO GO FOR SEASON 4 NOW; SINCE NOTHING MAKES SENSE. SHE CALLED ME ASKING IF THIS WAS AN USED SET. I SAID: \\"IT SHOULD NOT BE\\"...SPECIALLY THE PREMIUM PRICE OF $135 + SHIPPING! SO WHAT NOW? IS THE SELLER GOING TO PAY MY SHIPMENT FROM BRAZIL TO USA AND TO AMAZON? YEAH RIGHT! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS PERSON; IT`S SO DISRESPECTFUL!!!!!
0345529057|5.0|The first four books of George R. R. Martin's best novel for 20 bucks. The quality of the printing and paper is fair for what you pay, I thought is was going to be worse for the given price. The covers are nice too.    In my opinion it's a pretty good deal.
B002I9Z8DK|3.0|My greatest complaint: Where is René Auberjonois??!!    The actor's two scenes in which he played Colonel West have been cut entirely from the film!  The first scene occurs in the President of the Federation's office in which there is additional dialog about planning a rescue mission for William Shatner and company and the hawks of the Federation are contemplating attacking the Klingons.  \\"Those men have literally saved this planet.\\"  \\"Yes, Bill, I know that.  And they're going to save it again. By standing trial.\\"  The other scene is at the end of the film in which Mr. Auberjonois plays a Star Fleet officer disguised as a Klingon who tries to assassinate the President.  (In this blu-Ray version -- which looks good by the way -- it isn't revealed that the assassin is actually a human in disguise.)  While some may regard these scenes as unnecessary, the fact remains that they were deleted, involve the same actor, and add an additional dimension to the film.  Is this due to a royalties dispute?  Disappointing!        Film review:  This is one of the most well-done and intelligent of the Star Trek films.  As sci-fi is often a form of entertainment that has the duel function of providing commentary/discussion about real world issues, the cultural/political themes contained therein are thoughtful and somewhat sophisticated for a film like this that came out in 1991.  It's hard to miss that the central conflict is used as a metaphor for the Cold War / fall of the Soviet Union, while the film also takes the opportunity to philosophically reflect on historical and present day social/ethnic relations.  This is achieved in part (in a curious mixing of metaphors) by offering up the Klingons as an amalgam of cultural references: they are at once African Americans, Native Americans, and Soviets in terms of their overall function in the plot and embodiment of past and present racial conflicts in America.  They are at once the aggressors as well as the possible future victims offorced assimilation into a \\"homo sapiens-only social club\\" (United Federation of Planets / historical white mainstream USA).  At any rate, the special effects are decent, the tone is darker and more menacing -- with more at stake than in past fluffier, light-hearted Star Trek films - and overall Star Trek Vi is a thrilling space swashbuckler with some characteristic light moments.
B004K4AVAG|5.0|ive never bought a lady gaga album before- i took a chance and i really really like it.........its good to get you singing and dancing to! you cant deny this woman has alot of talent! I give this cd 5 stars for sure!
B00521LT8O|5.0|AWESOME SHOW!!    But... These episodes are only a dollar on iTunes.... why are they twice as much on here?
B00008OET0|5.0|A really beautiful album, sung in ligurian dialect. One of de andre's last before he died & very heartfelt. Enchanting even if you can't understand the words (though there's a translation into italian included).
1439102813|3.0|What an amazing book!  I am in the senior business and we hear regularly about dementia and Alzheimer's but to hear it through the eyes of someone so young is fascinating.  Although it was fiction I felt ti depicting the real facts of the disease and how painful it is for the person and most importantly the family. Th author briefly touched on the family emotions, but it  would be great to see a book written in the eyes of the family and what they must do to cope.  highly recommend
B004KRQFI0|4.0|For those of you who have heard and enjoy Sonny Moore's first two EPs 'Gypsyhook EP - Sonny Moore' and 'My Name Is Skrillex - Skrillex' you will not be disappointed. For those of you who aren't familiar this is a great place to start. This EP has all the hooks, beats and jabs that you would expect from Skrillex/Sonny Moore, which is simultaneously as catchy and weird as you could hope. The clash of big beat, dubstep & electro works really well and keeps you guessing, most of the time that is. Unfortunately Skrillex often gets caught in the same soundbanks on his synths and some times it does star sounding a little samey. Having said that I really enjoy this record and recommend it, and anyone who has heard the tracks 'Scary Monsters And Nice Sprites', 'Rock and Roll (Will Take You To The Mountains)' or 'Kill EVERYBODY' I'm sure will agree.
B000G7PMD2|5.0|This concert represents all that is DT from the Majesty Days up thru Octavarium. Not only were they so on this night (both the band and James) but we got to see Raise the Knife which is a highlight for me. I went to the show alone as my friends don't share my musical passion and I recall during Raise the Knife tapping the dude next to me because I could not contain my joy watching Mike Portnoy play during this tune. It was awesome. God I hope Mangini can come close to matching MP's musicality.  Anyway I bought the DVD the day it came out, but now feel the need for  the CD as well. By they way if you have not seen the DVD do it (Netflix)What a show, orchestra was so cool. Don't let the set list prevent you from getting this.
0307346617|5.0|Max Brooks has chronicled one of the most interesting and devastating wars in history. The fact that this war never took place and borders on the science fiction are beyond the fact. The war I refer to is World War Z. This of course (and the clues may have been out there with Mr. Brooks last work, The Zombie Survival Guide) is about the war between humanity and the zombie menace. In this self titled book, Mr. Brooks weaves an interesting tale of the all-out conflict on a truly global scale in which every human either became a fighter or became a meal. Told from the perspective of a documentary chronicle set in the last stages of the mopping up of this war (which lasted for no less than a half dozen years) the book uses an interview process for each chapter. Each person interviewed, impartially by the chronicler, simply tells their version of what they experienced in the war and it is left to the reader to piece together the total story from what you glean from these varied tales. In this aspect it is not much different from the popular documentaries on the history channel or PBS in which grizzled old vets retell of their time in combat in frank and earnest terms.<br /><br />The book, which honestly covers a possibility which almost certainly will never happen, does look at our current military world in harsh terms. The adage that the military is always ready to fight the last war holds true in this proposed war. You understand this after reading interviews with a \\"Sierra-Hotel\\" F-22 Raptor pilot who was shuffled off to fly transports once her now obsolete billion dollar air-superiority fighter was grounded. This point is driven home once more when thermobaric weapons and air delivered ordinance fails to stop zombie hordes in an interview related by a grunt that narrowly lived through the Battle of Yonkers. The author points out that the simplest military technology turned the tide with things such as the infantry square (scion of the Napoleonic wars) and edged weapons (used by survivors as varied as an ultra urban internet geek in Japan with a katana to his claymore wielding counterpart in England). In what may be the most relevant chapters of the book, Mr. Brooks delves into how a crisis such as this could make today's already volatile countries disintegrate. You see North Korea shut down, China fracture, Israel erupt in civil war, Pakistan sling nuclear weapons at it's neighbors, The Holy Russian Empire arises again and Cuba become a Mecca for everyone in a boat wanting to escape the overrun areas of United States.<br /><br />With these scenarios and the refreshing way in which Max Brooks tells the story in an oral history format told by more than fifty people, it is honestly hard not to get drawn into the book. Any student of military history will turn from page to page and see something they have read about or studied whether it is a tactic, weapon, or organizational concept, applied with this very new twist. It is a book that is definitely fictional but in the end leaves you with a desire to plan to \\"retreat to a more defensible location\\".<br /><br />Read more at Suite101: The Zombie World War: A Look at World War Z by Max Brooks   Suite101.com [...]by survivors as varied as an ultra urban internet geek in Japan with a katana to his claymore wielding counterpart in England). In what may be the most relevant chapters of the book, Mr. Brooks delves into how a crisis such as this could make today's already volatile countries disintegrate. You see North Korea shut down, China fracture, Israel erupt in civil war, Pakistan sling nuclear weapons at it's neighbors, The Holy Russian Empire arises again and Cuba become a Mecca for everyone in a boat wanting to escape the overrun areas of United States.      With these scenarios and the refreshing way in which Max Brooks tells the story in an oral history format told by more than fifty people, it is honestly hard not to get drawn into the book. Any student of military history will turn from page to page and see something they have read about or studied whether it is a tactic, weapon, or organizational concept, applied with this very new twist. It is a book that is definitely fictional but in the end leaves you with a desire to plan to \\"retreat to a more defensible location\\".    Read more at Suite101: The Zombie World War: A Look at World War Z by Max Brooks   Suite101.com [...]
B004V9J3HM|4.0|Don't get wrong, there is a lot of wonderful tunes here I just didn't feel the same goose bumps as I did or do with Testimony 1 or some some of Neal's other solo projects. Still love it though.
B0034G4OVS|2.0|My thoughts (with SPOILERS):    - I give it 2 1/2 stars. It was a bit interesting and I didn't mind watching it, but I was certainly disappointed in the ending. The story is about potheads who cheat their way onto a mountain for a final ski-run. They accidently are trapped on the way up when the place closes for a week and forgets they are still on the chairlift. There's a big storm coming in...will the three friends survive?    - Why would the mountain close for at least five days when good-snow is falling? Was that mentioned in the flick or commentary?    - I wouldn't call this a horror movie, but one about survival (along the lines of \\"Open Water\\").    - At first I was annoyed with the lack of seeing the cold breath; but then, I learned that when it's so cold and you're almost freezing for real, you wouldn't be seeing the breath when your body is so cold.    - When Dan jumped from the chair, his legs are so broken I imagine his body would have gone into shock. Also, when he leaves the chair, it shows him ready to fall on his butt...but then you see he's on his way down directly onto his feet; I bet he could have made it.    - Joe should have removed his boots before climbing across the cable. He did speak of how they were so heavy. He shouldn't have kept them on the second time he attempt the cable. Also, maybe they could have protected his hands if he used them on his hands while going across the cable?  Lastly, once he made it to the ground, my didn't he snowboard down the mountain instead of just sitting on the thing?     - There was humour and camaradarie between the two guys, who are friends in real life, so that was neat.    - \\"Vertigo\\" has nothing to do with \\"fear of heights\\". It's the sensation of spinning/dizziness when there's nothing that would have made that happen. It usually caused by an inner-ear disturbance. So many movies/shows make that mistake.    - In one of the featurettes, we learn that Dan was going to be breaking-up with the girl at the end of the day. I wonder how that would have been incorporated into the story or modified it if that was added.    - Neither of the guys hung from the side of the chair, although it's depicted on the cover.    - The commentary mentions that there are two commentaries, one being more technical...but there was just one commentary. Also, on the package it mentions the actress being a part of the commentary; she didn't at first and I thought it was a mistake, but she'll appear right around when the group gets on the lift for the final time.    - The extras were neat and the last one is about 50 minutes on it own; it was the most interesting to me when you learned about the wolves being used and other things. Ultimately, for me, it was the commentary and extras that made this worthwhile. It was neat to here that the lift stopped somehow right when the director said something like \\"This is where they should die.\\" Also, in a hidden 'Easter Egg', we learn that they found one of the chairs had a bullet hole in it -- where a man actually killed himself. They should have used that same seat! Heck,  they should do a cheapo, direct-to-DVD 'Frozen II - Frozener', but with a supernatural theme: stuck up in that chair with a killer ghost?    - The ending was completely dull. The girl made it to the road...someone picked her up eventually...and she was on her way to the hospital. I felt let-down somehow, like it was an episode of some TV-show ending. It would have been a neater ending if the wolves took her back to the forest and she didn't make it even if you thought she would...and then the car that would have rescued her would have come into view but would have been too late. Or if the car was on time and the driver saw more wolves coming for her...but the dude was too afraid to get out and help her.    -----    - COMMENT ON A COMMENT FROM SOMEONE HERE: \\"Oh yeah, fact that 3 people are on a slope with no cellphones made me laugh more than get mad.\\"    People complain about them nothaving a cell phone; in the commentary, you'll hear one of the actors - who is a skier - say that most skiers do not take the phone on the slopes, not only because of bad reception but mostly because they don't want to break their phone in a fall.  They leave it in a locker, just like they did in this movie and he does when he's on the mountain in real life.    - COMMENT ON A COMMENT FROM SOMEONE HERE: \\"Why did they not tie all their coats and clothing together and make a rope. Even if it doesn't go too far down, it is still better than dropping the full distance? \\"    Even the commentary jokes about this. You'll have naked people in the chair who would die  before the naked person on the ground. I bet those people in the chair, if naked, would end up with their butt's stuck and be even more-trapped!    - COMMENT ON A COMMENT FROM SOMEONE HERE: \\"Further, to the most unlikely sequence of events that left them stranded is the obvious escape which is to use hands and feet to slide along the cable and, of course, never occurs to our potential victims.\\"    Even in the commentary, it talks of how dangerous those lines are and that even trying to slide on a chain would cut through the chain. So of course, it'll cut through some mere clothing and skin.    - COMMENT ON A COMMENT FROM SOMEONE HERE: \\"Wolves may be pack animals, but they would not go out of their way to attempt to outsmart 3 humans and then lose interest in the female after taking down the males.\\"     The wolves already had much of their meal and were not finished when the lady went by. The woman wasn't even standing or sitting at the time, but was lying prone. It was as if the wolves were just warning her to stay away from their meal, which is what was mentioned in the commentary.    -----    In closing, there really wasn't much of a plot and it's not horror. The scenery and great shots got me the most interested, plus the commentary and good 'making of' featurette that was at least 50 minutes long made thisworthwhile. For the movie, it's okay for just watching once. It's a story for a TV movie; I don't think there wasn't a lot of material to work with.
B00009ZYC0|5.0|Very good Sci-fi movie. Directed by S. Spielberg, for adults rather than kids. Rated PG-13 so doesn't have a lot of blood and gore. Great actors, keeps you thinking....
B000FS9FCG|5.0|[[ASIN:B000P0J0AQ The Matrix]] is often given the status of a modern classic and is seen as being the Wachowski Brother's finest hour. And many people have a point - even 12 years after release, it is still an astoundingly good film on many levels.<br />However, it is not the Wachowski's best. For that you'd have to turn to this film: an often under-rated masterpiece.<br /><br />I have watched this film 10 times and can honestly say that the dialogue is second only to Shakespeare (who is quoted in this more than any other modern film I've seen). Furthermore this film radiates soul and has enough raw political clout to have founded its own unintentional mass movement: Anonymous.<br /><br />Like the Matrix, the plot revolves around a messiah/ hero figure in the form of 'V' and is told from the perspective of the appropriately named 'Evey'.<br />Having not (yet) read the graphic novel, I cannot tell how much of the basic plot comes from Alan Moore and how much from the Wachowski's. Indeed it is said that Alan Moore can't stand this film since 'V' is an anarchist in the novel and is more of a freedom fighter for democracy here (Alan Moore has said on record that 99% of problems are caused by 'leaders').<br /><br />Despite the feelings of the author, I'd say the adaptation was first rate and the film stands tall as a testament to democracy and truth. The message is so clear that, even after George W Bush has gone and terrorist scaremongering has faded, the film still stands out as a classic.<br /><br />It has certainly become my favourite film and I hope I've made a good case for it being the Wachowski's best. Still, if you haven't seen it, please do and make up your own mind. If you have, simply look up 'V's Speech' to be reminded of why such an in-depth film demands repeat viewing...
0142000655|5.0|Upon reaching the age of 50, it occurred to me that there were vast gaps in my reading history; renowned works of literature that I had somehow avoided during my high school, college and post graduate academic careers and then in the long period of largely pleasure reading since.  Such authors as Hemingway, Dickens and Steinbeck had been almost completely ignored.  This book was the latest in my effort to remedy this sad state of affairs and upgrade my reading list.<br /><br />Having recently read Grapes of Wrath and Of Mice and Men, I was familiar with the historical period and geographical setting for this Steinbeck work.  The story is essentially one of two families, the Trasks and the Hamiltons, their histories and the relationship between them.  It becomes clear midway through the novel that it is largely autobiographical, as one of the Hamilton daughters marries a Steinbeck.<br /><br />Having read other Steinbeck works and several by Dickens during the last six months, I'm struck by the similarity in character development between the two writers.  Despite vastly different writing styles and subjects, both authors' works are marked in the extent to which their novels are character driven.  Many times there is no \\"story\\" or progression of events, as much as simply following characters through the course of daily existence.  It is the richness of the characters that has elevated the works of these renowned writers and this novel is a perfect example of this.<br /><br />Two families co-exist in the Salinas Valley during the early years of the 20th century.  The family members and those that they interact with are some of the most vivid and vibrant characters I've ever encountered in my four decades of reading a wide variety of works.  At its heart, the story revolves around a multi-generational, modern day adaptation of the Old Testament parable of Cain and Abel (brother named Charles and Adam, Caleb and Aron).  At one point, when asked his brother whereabouts, Caleb responds, \\"I don't know.  Is it my job to look after him?\\"  Sound familiar?  The analogy extends to the title of the work itself, whereas Cain is banished to the land of Nod, lying East of Eden.<br /><br />This is a magnificent work of literature and one I highly recommend.now.  Is it my job to look after him?\\"  Sound familiar?  The analogy extends to the title of the work itself, whereas Cain is banished to the land of Nod, lying East of Eden.    This is a magnificent work of literature and one I highly recommend.
B0015OKWL2|4.0|Robert De Niro and Al Pacino star in this 2008 crime thriller.<br />Two cops pursue a serial killer who could be a cop. It's<br />great to see Robert and Al together again and this is<br />good, but not as good as \\"Heat.\\" This dvd has nice<br />picture and sound plus a couple neat extras.<br />I recommend this.
B003N5ZIEM|5.0|My baby enjoyed patting the bunny and looking at the pictures.  This book is a little more delicate than more modern board books, so I keep him supervised with it, but he loves it.
B004H83IG4|1.0|Just a warning to my hard of hearing friends. They did not bother to put closed captioning in English in this movie, just subtitles in Spanish. Don't waste your money as I did. Very frustrating, I really wanted to watch this and I can't hear a word their saying. I wish these people would put themselves in our shoes, instead of trying to save money.
B004EPYZUI|5.0|Just in case anyone is curious, the Combo pack seems to be the only one to include the extended version of the film. Notice the little gold label above the movie title and the fine print at the bottom of the box. The extended version includes roughly 18 minutes of new footage.    For the 15 of us (it would seem) that actually loved this movie, the combo version is the one to get. At least until a super, mega, director's cut comes along. As tends to be the way with these things.
B004H8GLXQ|5.0|The writing is some of the best I have read. If you have ever heard the phrase \\"beautiful writing\\" and don't quite know what it means, read this book and you will understand!     If you have read gothic novels, you will notice that she has managed to take elements from the greats and work them into her own unique and enchanting style. I liked everything about this book.
B004K4AUZW|4.0|Born This Way is definitely a good album. While it's not even close to being album of the decade, the majority of the songs are very listenable. A lot of songs fell victim to a sloppy beat / percussion section that made them sound chaotic and noisy, not powerful like a good beat should. There were also a fair number of songs that could definitely be shortened a bit.    On the positive side, there's a lot of variety in BTW, from metal to bubblegum pop. With 17 tracks, everyone will find a few they love.  This album is a lot more ambitious than almost any other pop album. When everything comes together, Gaga creates some truly great songs. It's just a shame that it doesn't come together as much as it could've.    Favorite Songs:  Bloody Mary  Judas  Schiesse  You and I    For a longer review with a track-by-track ranking from worst to best, visit my review here: [...]
0375842209|5.0|I first read this book a year ago for my Editing Children's Books class, then reread it last month for a book club I am in (and I suggested the book. The Book Thief is a book I find myself recommending again and again to a wide variety of people. I am not exaggerating when I say it is one of the best books I have ever read.    I may have loved it, but there are many people who did not, both in my class and in the book club. I think  the main thing that sways a person's opinion is whether or not they like the narrator, Death. I thought this was a brilliant choice of a narrator that allowed the reader to see World War II from a new perspective. Death did not discriminate against anyone, it came to everyone. It allowed us to focus on Liesel, but also allowed us to see other parts of the war. The most beautiful and heartbreaking moment is when Death describes the Jewish souls coming out of the gas chambers.    Death was also able to give perspective on the human race that we could not have gotten from another narrator. The book ends with Death saying \\"I am haunted by humans.\\" Death is haunted by the horrible things we do to each other and the stories of the people Death has seen. It was a chilling and thought-provoking last idea in a hauntingly beautiful novel.    I loved all of the characters in the novel - Liesel, who has to deal with sadness and tragedy at a too early age; her papa, who does the right thing no matter what; to Max, the young Jewish man that they hide in the basement and becomes a friend of Liesel; to everyone in the community. There are not flat characters in this novel, which I love.    But what I love most is that it shows that not all Germans just sat there and did whatever Hitler wanted them to. It showed the compassion and fear that many of them had. It also showed the kinds of pressure people got for not joining the party and going along - you were blacklisted in the community, couldn't get work, and treated like a lesser citizen. It showed thatGerman people suffered also. It is a great perspective that I had not seen before.
B0007939NO|5.0|I love this movie.  The picutre and sound quality on the DVD is excellent.  I LOVE having it in cinemascope!  The movie arrived in a timely manner and we've already watched it several times.
B003H6KRIE|5.0|Hacia tiempo no salian peliculas con tanta accion como estas y con entretenidas tramas de espionaje, lastima que son solo 3, very good
B0030B0S2Q|5.0|I don't understand why Sam Rockwell isn't more famous than he is.  He is a better actor than George Clooney, and more charming than Brad Pitt.  This is one of those movies that just about anything I could say about it would be a spoiler, so I won't say anything else but this -- if you love movies, this is one you need to see.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|I PURCHASED 2 OF THESE DVD'S AFTER SEEING \\"INSIDE JOB\\" ON U-VERSE. IT EXPLAINS PARTIALLY WHY WE ARE IN THE FIX WE, AS A COUNTRY, ARE IN. I AM LOANING THIS DVD TO ANYONE THAT WILL LOOK AT IT. INSIDE JOB LETS YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENS WHEN INDUSTRIES ARE ALLOWED TO REGULATE THEMSELVES. i.e. SEC, BANKING INDUSTRY, PHARMACEUTICALS, INSURANCE, BIG BUSINESS, FARM COMGLOMERATES, ETC. WE NEED MORE GOVERNENMENT REGULATIONS OF THESE INDUSTRIES NOT LESS. IT'S LIKE PLAYING A FOOTBALL GAME WITH NO RULES. THE BIGGER YOU ARE THE BETTER CHANCE YOU HAVE OF WINNING. JUST STOMP ON THE LITTLE GUY. (US). OUR HOUSE AND SENATE HAVE SOLD OUT TO THE LOBBYIST.
B001BKTEZA|5.0|John Steinbeck never ceases to amaze me, this was the first book I read by him, but after reading several of his other works, I still always re-read this again and again.  I have literally read it 4 or 5 times, and each time it is fantastic.  It really moves you, it makes you laugh and cry...a great classic, I love it!
B0051QIGP4|2.0|So the 99cent deal was pretty sweet. I heard a few new songs from her (that are in this album) on the radio, and wasn't too excited- thought maybe there would be something else on the album I would like... not really.  I really liked her \\"older\\" stuff... but this will just be added to the songs I barely touch on my playlist.   wasn't impressed. the 2 stars was because it was 99cents. I'm glad I didn't pay more for it.
0525423842|5.0|MINOR SPOILER ALERT -- THE PREMISE, NOT THE ENDING      It's about a very bright 13 y/o son of two lawyers, who uses his enormous knowledge doing what lawyers ought to do -- helping not-entirely-innocent  \\"Little People\\"  in trouble with The Big Law.  e.g. A classmate whose parents face eviction, a teacher with a brother charged with  DWI, a popular girl whose dog gets nabbed by Animal Control, his best gal pal who must choose between divorcing parents.  Then, thru his parents work in a homeless family shelter, he stumbles across an illegal alien who witnessed a murder by a man currently on trial -- who is likely to be acquitted.   Realistically, the legal profession, is full of dullards and scumbags, as well as the competent devoted to justice.  My bright 9 y/o grandson ate it up.
B000SCHC0Q|4.0|While I enjoyed the kite runner more I loved this beautiful book.  I believe anything hosseini writes I will read and enjoy.  You feel like you are present and participating in this book.  I will not discuss the story as others have done a fine job of that.  I will say this is one you should not miss
B0047Y17P2|4.0|Good story, well written.  Mickey Haller as a character is still fresh, just as Harry Bosch seems to be getting a bit stale.  Not quite as good as The Lincoln Lawyer, but still much better than the last Bosch book.  Recommended.
B000W7JWUA|4.0|I wish I'd known there were different sizes of game. I would've ordered the one for more players. My son-in-law enjoyed it for his birthday and has played it a number of times already with wife and friends.
B0051QIGP4|1.0|You know, real artists don't have to be ridiculous.    No idea what the purpose of this album was. No message, no story, just bunch of forgetable garbage.
1415962979|4.0|This review originally appeared on my blog.<br /><br />Ok. I decided to give audio books another go. By listening to books, I can get more in during the week (because I can listen to it while at work). This book came up on a suggested read based on something else I read and also happened to be available at the digital download library. I have never read her Shopaholic series, nor saw the movie.<br /><br />I liked this book from the start. I could so relate to Lara as she came to terms with her break up with Josh and trying to make her career a go. The jury is still out on whether I liked Sadie or not. When her character was introduced I was reminded of the paranormal romance I gave a try a month or so ago - Spirit Intervention. However, the things that irked me with that story were no where to be found in Twenties Girl. I always knew we were in England,  had a clear background story on Lara, and I couldn't necessarily guess what would happen next.<br /><br />If you read my post of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, you might remember that I said I had trouble paying attention. I had that problem again with this book. BUT this time it was work that I found myself distracted FROM as my attention was fully focused on the story. It had moments that were funny, times that were frustrating (Sadie acting like a petulant 5 year old grated on my nerves), occasions I could totally relate to (\\"There was the real Josh and then there was the Josh in my head\\"), and there was happy endings.<br /><br />The scenes with Ed were almost always good for a chuckle. The whole \\"you didn't want to be my girlfriend, did you?\\" interactions between them had me rolling my eyes at times, because you just wanted to shout \\"WAKE UP\\". But at the same time, it was sweet and totally realistic as both had unresolved issues with past relationships. I was cheering for Lara when she finally grew a backbone and stood up for herself (or maybe she just grew up and the maturity lent itself to her new self-confidence). I love the 1920s era and often wished that I could have experienced it, particularly the clothing. So it was an added bonus for me that Sadie kept demanding Lara relive the era with her. Speaking of Sadie, I am not sure what I think about her. At times, she truly acted like a toddler (throwing a tantrum because Lara kissed Ed because Sadie wanted Ed to be her's - HELLOOOO! Sadie, you're dead) and at other times her acts brought around positive changes for Lara. You also feel a bit sad for Sadie (and like Lara, forgiving her childish outbursts). I don't know anyone that has lived to be 105, but Sadie probably is an accurate portrayal of those who have long outlived their heyday and are all but forgotten by family.<br /><br />This was a light and fun listen, bit like Jennifer Crusie's Anyone but You. However, there is no described sex, though there is reference to Lara and Ed getting to know each other in the bedroom (that is almost word for word how Lara explained it). So I'm happy to find a light and fluffy author that doesn't see the need to include sex. I will definitely be adding Sophie Kinsella to my list of authors to turn to when my other reading has become to heavy.often wished that I could have experienced it, particularly the clothing. So it was an added bonus for me that Sadie kept demanding Lara relive the era with her. Speaking of Sadie, I am not sure what I think about her. At times, she truly acted like a toddler (throwing a tantrum because Lara kissed Ed because Sadie wanted Ed to be her's - HELLOOOO! Sadie, you're dead) and at other times her acts brought around positive changes for Lara. You also feel a bit sad for Sadie (and like Lara, forgiving her childish outbursts). I don't know anyone that has lived to be 105, but Sadie probably is an accurate portrayal of those who have long outlived their heyday and are all but forgotten by family.    This was a light and fun listen, bit like Jennifer Crusie's Anyone but You. However, there is no described sex, though there is reference to Lara and Ed getting to know each other in the bedroom (that is almost word for word how Lara explained it). So I'm happy to find a light and fluffy author that doesn't see the need to include sex. I will definitely be adding Sophie Kinsella to my list of authors to turn to when my other reading has become to heavy.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|Why is this so simple for George Lucus (Bless his intention) to understand?.<br /><br />Are you and the people in your company the only people that will be given the chance to relive the original versions of the Star Wars experience? I am thrilled to see the new version of the Star Wars set. I have seen all of them and have owned all of the versions of the all of the sets. I have spent the money and have sold, kept or given away the earlier versions. I am not one of the lucky people that have been able to keep all the versions of the masterpiece that is Star Wars.<br /><br />Please give us ALL the versions and ALL the latest advancements that technology gives you the freedom to play with. Is the cost that is the reason. Is it that you make no additional profit to make all your fans happy with every version they love irregardless of which version you have given us?<br /><br />Let us enjoy all of your expertise! All versions, All together or separately so we can choose if you like.<br /><br />I won't argue which version is better or worse. I just want to see the growth as you have, for good or bad. Don't you think we can enjoy or appreciate the joy you have been blessed with experiencing?<br /><br />Come on George... Please Please Please!<br /><br />Philmarusa
0739370642|2.0|This review originally appeared on my blog.<br /><br />I had seen this title for several weeks now on Twitter and various blogs. A week ago, I was in the office and everyone was gone. It was so silent and I couldn't stand it. I decided to look at what was available at my digital download library in audio books. I asked for suggestions and the ones that were made were not available. Then I remembered this title and though I did not know what the story was about decided to download it.<br /><br />These are the 5 audio book I've listened to: Harry Potter, Twilight, a Miss Marple/Agatha Christie mystery, and Consequences on \\"tape\\". I enjoyed the first three, but I couldn't follow Consequences. I thought it was because Consequences jumped back and forth between the present and the past. But after listening to The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (TGDT), maybe it is me. Often when I'm listening to a book I am also doing something else so my attention is divided.<br /><br />TGDT was a bit hard to follow for me listening because the cast of characters is kind of large and sometimes the people were referred to by there first name and sometimes by their last names. I have trouble remembering names of people I know and now I had to learn a bunch of names for fictional characters.<br /><br />It started off as an ok story for me. It had a bit of government/corporate conspiracy. When the girl was introduced, she seemed like such a minor character that I wasn't sure how she tied into the story. When I first became a little lost in the story I thought I was trying too hard to put the pieces together. I tried to not over think it. Then about half way through the story, suddenly I was thrown a curve ball. My eyes about popped out of my head. I could feel them bulging from their sockets. Now I knew I had to finish it because I had no idea how sexual assault played in to the financial corruption that started the story.<br /><br />Maybe this wasn't my kind of story or maybe I need to improve my listening skills, but I don't think I will be continuing this series (which is a bit hard for me to contemplate - who'll see what I mean in an upcoming review).think I will be continuing this series (which is a bit hard for me to contemplate - who'll see what I mean in an upcoming review).
B002MQYOFW|4.0|I wasnt sure what to expect here, but several friends said this was a great book.  it did not disappoint, I want my kids to read it also....lots of fun and I will now read the 2nd in the series...
B004TJ1H3C|4.0|SGU had alot in common with Star Trek: Enterprise.     They were both continuations of franchises that had grown long in the tooth, and had the misfortune of following previous franchise outings that were already showing flagging ratings. Any good producer sees which way the wind is blowing and decides to shake things up abit, start fresh and revitalize the property by taking things in a new direction. Unfortunately, this is a mortal sin to long running fans of the series, which, with shows spanning this many years, franchises rely on. This ultimately lead to the demise of both shows, only Enterprises' to longer for the show-runners to admit.  But if you don't think fans were responsible I'd just point you to the series co-creator Brad Wright's own comments:  \\" And the fact that some of the fans that liked SG-1 and Atlantis were so angry that they have deliberately hurt us, which is unfortunate\\"    I could sit here and give you a play-by-play about what was good and what was bad about the series but it all boils down to this: If you were a big fan of SG-1 and Atlantis, you'll probably hate this. The old stargate was a product of the plot-driven sci-fi of the 90's and it never grew past that. With the advent of Lost and Battlestar Galactica character driven sci-fi took over and showed that it could hold its own and draw in a different crowd. If you like the character driven sci-fi of the past 8 or so years, then you should give this a shot.   This series truly is \\"Lost\\" in space.  So why did I give it 4 stars instead of 5? Well simply because in a vain effort to try and appease fans of the old show they started bringing in plot lines and guest appearances from the earlier franchise, it was an obvious ploy and frankly ruined some of the emotional momentum they had going for them early on. The Lucian Alliance plan to take over a ship they could never escape from at the end of the first season, frankly made no sense whatsoever. And all of the characters from the previous series that they brought in just looked goofy compared to the mature characters that were developed for SGU.  Other than these short commings, this was a fantastic show, with more serious potential than even Firefly had (heresy I know) that was killed way too soon. I plan on buying the entire series, and I would never in a million years consider buying the previous ones.    *As a side note: I'm a big science nerd and the science in SGU was impeccable. Aside from Stargate's weird mythology which somehow makes trees the dominant lifeform in the universe, this show was light on the mindless technobabble that way too many scifi shows become slaves to, yet still somehow managed to touch on major developments in modern Astronomy/Astrophysics. Also, it was nice that they actually had alien looking aliens for a change.*
0307887960|5.0|good reading material to help jump start a diet...much material already known from previous printings of other \\"low carb\\" programs, but this very helpful and motivational.  easy reading.
B001DJ7PQ4|5.0|Got this for my wife for mother's day. She loved it. She has already watched most of it twice. David T is an awesome actor.
B000000OQF|3.0|I was about 13 when I heard gnr´s version of \\"ain´t it fun\\" on the radio back in 1994 (?). I listened to mostly rap music before this. I have to give credit to gnr for showing me the way to great music. First cd´s I bought in my life was U2´s \\"rattle and hum\\" and this one. Luckily, my dad bought me in less than a year the rest of gnr´s catalogue. Blown away.    However, following their advice on the liner notes on \\"the spaghetti incident?\\", wich was \\"go find the originals\\" or something like that, I came to realize how much greater music there was that I have never dreamed of before.     Ap for destruction is a great rock album for any kid to get sinked into rock and roll. Its a classic album due to the impact the music had on pop culture and its success. But not a rock and roll masterpiece. Not even close.    IMO, their best album to get sinked into is the spaghetii, because it might get you to go find the originals.
1883010039|5.0|I am a weaver and am now taking my grand daughter to the Guild with me.  We are taking a basics class and needed a book.  I have mine, but I needed one for her and my friend Lyn.  Amazon to the rescue!  I can always find what I want at Amazon and the one click ordering is so easy I am not always sure that I ordered until they tell me.  I love Amazon.
B003G4W49C|2.0|I am going to try not to repeat too many things others have already stated.  What I am going to say is that this is clearly a science-fairy-tale...not just simply science-fiction, specifically written for grammar, middle or high school.    I was recommended this book by my cousin(\\"loved this book\\" and brother(\\"a must read\\").  I, 35-yrs-old science-fiction fan, bought the Kindle edition a few days ago.  While I was reading it, I discovered the flaws that other readers mentioned.  Specifically, I felt like this is a bed-time story that I should be trucked-in bed while my dad reads before I went to sleep.  I can imagine how juveniles find this book interesting and inspiring.  I would recommend this book to my nieces and nephews but never to any adult that appreciates good writing.  I later discovered that my cousin read it in grammar school and my brother in his early years of undergrad...their recommendation made complete sense.    It was hard to finish the book but I made myself complete it. The reviewer who claims to be OSC claims he uses \\"American Plain Style\\" to write the book, which I had to google, and is often used is often used in the professional field and not so frequent in story telling...for good reason.  When reading, I didn't feel pulled into the world of the book, Ender's or anything for that matter.  90% of the time the book was just a sequence of events...this..that..this..that...and then this.  There was no really imagery/description so you not just have to picture it...but you have to completely imagine/fill-in the gaps yourself.    Kids: 4 stars, Adults: 2 stars.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|Like some of the reviewers, I was not wild about the first releases from the album -- I liked the message but did not care for the songs so much.  When I downloaded the album, I was underwhelmed with the first listen.  The songs seemed chopping, slipping from one style to another in this incoherent mishmash.  Or so I thought at first.  After listening to the album about a dozen times -- it's addictive! -- I have to say I really LOVE it now.  \\"Government Hooker\\" will be a smash hit.  \\"Schiebe\\" will be a smash hit.  And neither song sounds like anything she's done before.  \\"Hair\\" is certainly radio-friendly.  \\"Americano\\" comes off as this wild Spanish-flavored number that seems to invoke hot-button issues like immigration and gay marriage in a playful way.  The chorus of \\"Heavy Metal Lover\\" is hummed -- think of Madonna on \\"Frozen\\" or \\"I'll Remember\\" but to a mid-tempo song.  Anyway, I read somewhere that she plans to release 9 singles from the album and I certainly believe there are enough potential hits on this album for it to stack up quite well against \\"The Fame Monster.\\"  It's a hectic album that is quite production-heavy.  But for me that ended up being the album's greatest strength.  It's quite slick, actually....
B002MQYOFW|4.0|Definitely a very good read.  I am about to start on the sequel...which I think should just be part of the same book.  I guess authors need to make money so they break up their books into sequels/trilogies.
B004N44SOI|5.0|Sixx: am has done it again. Another great CD and Nikki Sixx has also done it again with another insightful book. A great buy.
B004R15SIW|5.0|This is a great movie.  If you want to see how the housing bubble burst and who is behind it this is the movie for you.  I have read the book and seen the movie \\"To big to fail\\" which were good but the \\"Inside Job\\" has more detail and follows the ecomony down to the people who have home mortgages.  This movie shows how wall street and the banks made literally billions of dollars while homeowners are being forclosed.
B002KKCVUA|3.0|Very nice sandal. However, I returned these due to fit. They just didn't fit well in the heel area. I eventually went with pricer Merrell's.
B004I2K4DY|4.0|I am a total fan of this spectacular musical. I am very pleased that Les Miserables has reached it's 25 year pinnacle. But I have some issues with this 25th anniversary edition of the musical. Number 1: NICK JONAS!!!! A Jonas Brother playing Marius???? A role made hugely famous by Micheal Ball, the only thing Nick Jonas had going for him was his looks! He is a rock star and singer, clearly not broadway or even London's west end! I'm not saying I'd be against anyone else in that role, but was very disappointed in the choice. Strike 1 for Les Miserables. Second, the only veterans to return to the Les Miserables universe for this performace were Jenny Galloway and Lea Salonga. And Salonga wasn't even Eponine here! The only reprisal was from Galloway who portrayed the innkeeper's wife. I will say though, Lea Salonga's performance of Fantine was off the chain and if I couldn't see her Eponine return, this was the role to do. Bravo. Also, what in the holy hades happened to Little People???? The song sung by little Gavroche that uncovered Javert and proved that even the smallest can be the biggest. For shame Les Miz. You extend certain songs, but cut out fan favorites?<br /><br />Alfie Boe - A worthy successor to Colm Wilkinson who originated the Jean Valjean role. His voice just resonated and made you want to follow his story.<br /><br />The only other thing for me that made this version worth watching in repetition is after the finale plays. This is the point where 3 of the dominant versions of the cast got recognized. Primarily the original brodway cast that featured Colm Wilkinson and Michael Ball, both whom I mentioned earlier. Plus, the four Valjeans unite and sing a melodious version of Bring Him Home, and the nostalgia is rounded out by the original broadway cast belting out One Day More.<br /><br />This is worthy of picking up, but if you want a repeat watch, go for the Dream Cast that happened for it's 10th anniversary.
0765365278|2.0|Having now read several of Sandersons books, I will have to place him a bit above Brooks (shananana), a step below early Jordan, and way below Erikson, Tolkien, Wolfe, Cook, and LeGuin (to name a few). this being said, I thought he has done a terrific job on the Jordan follow-ups.     This particular work is laborious, plodding and at times downright boring. Others mention it picks up later, but I only have one life to live and other books to read. It was hard to sympathize with the characters, and many of the events just did not make sense. For instance, what soldier would buy a slave if they found out the slave was a captured soldier taken by the enemy and was actually a war hero? They would investigate and probably punish the slaver. The events just did not make sense.     It was as if the plot was pre-made, as opposed to making a world, putting people in it, and watching what they would really do. The characters do not have a life of their own. They are just dancing through the pre-made plot. Granted we need a plot, but it should not FEEL like the character is doing stuff just to hit plot points or in an attempt to \\"make sense\\" out of what is going on.     The appearances are different, the accidents (how magic works, poltical systems) have changed from other fantasy, but Sanderson is beginning to fall into the same-ol same-ol of generic fantasy. It is like he read a D and D guide on how to create new settings and is now applying the formula.     Hopefully the next attempt will pick up.
B002M5E2DW|1.0|I feel that this book is not worth the lead and gun powder to destroy this book. James Ray one of the people quoted in this book really made me realize that the truth is in God's word, and it's not a secret! After his sweat lodge of death incident, I learned that man in general will fail you but God never changes and promotes life on earth and life eternal. God's laws and commandments were here long before the law of attraction was conjured up by Rhonda Byrne.
142311339X|4.0|Including Percy Jackson and Red Pyramid this is the best book so far. I truly enjoyed it. P.s. I am grown adult, but I love a good adventure.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|Fantastic show!  Fantastic music!  Saw the show in NYC, then had to get the CD afterwards to relive it! Been listening to it non-stop for 2 weeks.
B00003CXB4|3.0|Recommended product!!
B002ZG997M|5.0|I highly recommend this movie. Like my title states, its in my top 5, all time. You wont be dissapointed...at least I wasnt.
0307887960|4.0|I am in my 50's and decided to try this diet because I could not stay on the portion controlled diets, always losing 3 to 4 pounds and then slipping back in to old habits.    I lost 4 pounds the first week, but have slowed down to a pound a week.     The thing that frustrates me is that I may lose a half a pound on the protein day, due to the dehydrating factor of protein, then the next day I have gained most of that fluid back. Thus, it takes me 3 days to get back to that weight.    This is a strict diet, but you KNOW when you are cheating and I find that to work for me. I have lost 6 pounds in 2 and a half weeks and I never have to measure anything.    I'm never hungry, but sometimes I feel really limited on the protein days.    The rhubarb and pumpkin help me with my fruit cravings.    You MUST walk every day and with no carbs it is my energy boost.    The online website predicted I would be at my \\"true\\" weight by June 22nd, but I am thinking more like July sometime. Then it's on to the stabilization phase.    My best advice is, if you do this diet, plan on exercising to replace the joy of eating. Reward every 5 pounds of weight loss, and enjoy your new body. Even with 6 pounds, I can see a BIG difference.    Just remember that it takes a 3500 calorie deficit to lose a pound. If you weigh 140 pounds and only need 1400 calories to maintain that weight, you may take longer to  lose the weight than a 250 pound person.
B0040JHLM2|5.0|I previously owned a couple pairs of Adrenaline GTS 8 Running Shoes (8=2008), and this 2011 model is a nice upgrade.    Brooks seems to have added a bit more cushion, so these have a bit more of an Asics like feel than the older models.    The sizing of the GTS 11 is nicely consistent with the GTS 8  (something I wish Nike could do), so so it is safe to order online if you have an older model that fits well.    This is a great running shoe for stability.
031261246X|3.0|As a practicing security expert, I couldn't help but appreciate the sheer irony of somebody from Microsoft writing a piece of fiction about computer security.  After all, security has been nothing if not a piece of fiction in Microsoft products for years.  That being said, it  is a fairly decent technical thriller, neither great nor horrible.  It certainly isn't a literary masterpiece, and like Office, it's got more than its share of bugs.  But on the whole it is what you'd expect from a book of this ilk - fast paced plot, cardboard characters, and the technology is reasonably realistic if you aren't an expert in the field.  Borrow it instead of buy it, and you won't feel like a zero-day fleeced you of your hard earned cash.
B001HN6918|5.0|animated films like teenage mutant ninja turtles cgi movie, megamind, atlantis the lost empire, disney's hercules and kung fu panda the first movie and astroboy always seem to be able to entertain adults as well as children. their seems to be an anime feel to the above movies and kung fu panda 2 ranks up their with the above movies that i mentioned. i like that they give the furious five more action scenes and that the bad guy was more serious then tai lung. i do not want to give the polt away but if you are a fan of the teenage mutant ninja turtles cgi movie. then check this movie out you will not be disappointed.
B0016NF06O|5.0|This CD was recorded live, and that seems to enhance its vitality--its very entertaining.  Much (most) of it I would never call \\"blues,\\" but it's fine music nonetheless.  And, importantly, it is very well recorded--the sound-quality is excellent.  I don't think Willie sang as well as he can (or as well as he used to), but, overall, this CD is worthy of 5 stars.
1400064627|2.0|I watched the movie several years ago and liked it so I thought I would try the book. I like certain aspects but was disappointed in some of the language, mostly the cursing, I don't see the point of putting that in to ruin a good book. I also don't remember Idgie and Ruth's relationship being homosexual. In the movie I got the impression they were just really good friends, more like sisters. I wouldn't think their relationship would have gone over so easily, as the book portrayed, in those times. I also thought there were too many characters and the timeline jumped around a lot, it was hard to keep up with. I did like Mrs. Threadgoode and Evelyn's story, again minus the horrible cussing \\"scene\\" at the grocery store. I was quite shocked that language was in there. I am over halfway through and probably will stop reading it because of that.
B003P2WO5E|3.0|Brandon Sanderson reads well and I like his work so far but I am not sure I want to start a new 10 book series, twice I have almost gotten burned, with authors not finishing what they start, Stephen King and the Dark Tower, he lost interest and after almost being killed, he did come back and finish but his heart was not in the last two books, then the Wheel of Time comes along (loved it) and the author does pass on, not on purpose I know but I think with as much as there is out there to read that I have not read, I will wait until the series is finished.   [[ASIN:0765365278 The Way of Kings (The Stormlight Archive)]]
1594481717|5.0|This is a great read, especially for someone who works in both an analytical and creative capacity. I would recommend this to anyone.
B00005YUPO|5.0|I ordered four Baby Einsten CDs which were used and advertised to be as good as new.  The savings in the purchase was significant compared with the listed price.  All four CDs came in excellent condition as promised.  I intent to use this service again in the near future and recommend to any one like me that is in the market for this merchandise
B0051QIGP4|5.0|Would have paid full price for it, but the $0.99 for the album was a great deal.  Absolutely love all but three of the songs.  I was looking forward to this and was not disappointed.
160094048X|5.0|I looooooove the cookies in this book!  Esp the macadamia ginger.  My bf requests the chocolate chip blondies every week.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I can't describe what i feel about this book, because i am at the same time very satisfied, yet so disappointed and mad.     In the beginning I am somewhat expected of her arriving down to District 13, yet i struggled to get through the 1st and 2nd chapter of the book. It was filled with too much information, as if the author was trying to rush it all in at once.    When Katniss is introduced to Peeta after his arrival she is injured from being choked by him and we get to a pretty interesting point since Peeta had been \\"hijacked\\" and was created into hating Katniss's guts since, of couse Snow, had made his thoughts into negativity about her, and this makes the story lead to a great climax and more issues.    The ending / falling climax is the most disappointing and yet integrating part of this book. Prim has been pronounced dead. I was mad of this, and yet confused on the point of her death. Why would she be dead? What effect would that make of anything? Oh yeah, Katniss losing her mind, but that didnt really happen did it? Katniss and her other loved ones are seperated on to districts, and katniss goes back to the Victors Village. The End. Oh wait, and she ends up with Peeta leaving Gale do his thing. I wish the author went on to a different direction. It would have made this book a very good one,  but yet she lacked to do so and it leaves me happy and mad with the book.
B000H5TVJY|5.0|This Blu Ray edition of American Psycho is awesome.  When it arrived the disk was in good order and flawless condition and the playback on my PS3 was excellent.  It's been awhile so I don't remember how long shipping took, but I assume it was a reasonable amount of time as well.    As for the movie itself, the play on Hitchcock's original Psycho isn't serenaded in the course of the film and it has it's own unique story to tell.  One could argue that there are character elements that Norman Bates and Patrick Bateman share with respect to sexual desires and violence against women.  Both characters clearly have ego issues but the most salient point about American Psycho as a movies is how much more visceral and credible Bateman is over Bates.  Bates is easy to dismiss as a fringe character who lives in a rustic motel in the middle of nowhere while Bateman is engages and lives in close contact with \\"good society\\".      Bateman's ability to maintain his camouflage and traverse the dark streets of society are key to the telling of this story and the difference between Bates and Bateman as Bateman steadily loses his ability to regulate his sadistic impulses.  If it wasn't for the controversial nature of the subject matter, both the film and the novel deserve credit as hallmarks to great cinema and great writing respectively.
B000001GQB|4.0|These Mozart late symphonies conducted by Karl Bohm are very good listening after all these years.<br />Bohm enjoyed conducting the master, Mozart. He revels playing these masterpieces and I am grateful for these performances.<br />I own several Mozart works by well-known conductors; Bohm is having a good time .<br />If you are hesitating as to which set or discs you should get, don't. This 2 disc set will be played over and over, and you'll never tire. Recommended.
1594202710|5.0|Henry Kissinger cuts through the naive, ideological, and unrealistic nonsense that is spewed out by activists, journalists, and other spectators. From the perspective of a man who had to consider the real world implications of his diplomatic actions, it's clear that the only desirable solution to U.S.-China tensions is a \\"co-evolution\\". Only a challenge as great as China will be able to shock D.C. into acknowledging that the U.S. has to prioritize domestic macroeconomic policy, debt/deficit reduction, and employment. Perhaps within the next 10-20 years when China equals and surpasses the U.S. in absolute economic terms (and military terms 10-20 years following that), D.C. will release that they're not the center of the world, and have to get their act together if they don't want to be left in the dust.<br /><br />One gets a sense that among the journalists and activists these days, the ultimate hope is that China merely collapses under its own weight. Unfortunately for these ideologues, those who have serious money to invest (and in a sense, wager) in the future of the global economy have essentially bet on China becoming the dominant economy (and inevitably military as well, with a delay). The solution for these impotent writers, yellers, and screamers, isn't to stuff their ears and continue screaming, but to acknowledge that America's real enemy is currently ITSELF.
1416511946|2.0|This book was an ok book it was just very repetitive. I was kind of disapionted I was expecting a lot more out of this book. I understand that this was a memior and it what he was going through at this period of his life, but i have read a whole lot of other memiors from other rock stars that were a lot more entertaning. Like kieth Richards memoir i realize that it was not competely composed of jornal entries but it grabbed a hold of me alot more because there was more to read about other than his jornal enties and the few things people could remember about him at the time. maybe it's just me this is just my opinion on this book. I will give him that there is a lot of critcism about him in this book which had to be hard to be ok with publishing for him so I do give him props for being so humbeling. I just felt though if you read the entries for January then you basicly read the enties for the other eleven months. and the same things were being said about him over and over again.
0553582038|1.0|After reading the first 3000 pages in this series, it was hard to skip this installment - despite the universal panning it received. And unfortunately, that's probably what the publisher was gambling on.<br /><br />This book adds no value - entertainment or otherwise - to a brilliant series. I skipped entire sections of this book, and I still got to the end without having missed much. The entire story (if you can call it that) covered in this book could be summarized in a page. I wish I might've read that page instead, and saved myself the excruciating experience of having to wade through 975 pages of meandering thoughts. I honestly am very interested to see how HBO converts this particular book into TV episodes, given its soporific plotline.<br /><br />I can only hope that A Dance with Dragons is able to recapture Mr. Martin's original magic.<br /><br />Fool me once ... shame on you.<br /><br />Fool me twice ... well, okay I admit that I'll read ADwD no matter the reviews.<br /><br />But, fool me thrice? Not a chance!<br /><br />Happy Reading!
B004DI7HZ6|4.0|Although I've read the Skokie Stackhouse series (and even Twilight a long time ago), I'm not usually a fan of vampire or witch books. My wife suggested that i would really like this book and I have to say that I did. It was a little slow to begin with, but I soon found myself bound to the characters. I look forward to more from this author.
B004DLPXAO|2.0|(12 of 12 people found this review helpful before I rewrote it with intent to improve.  Please let me know if you still find this helpful.)    Generally speaking, this Kindle reader compares well to the competition and appears to work better than the Nook.  It's features are probably just about everything a fiction reader could want, including easily accessible options to adjust the display to your liking (font size, colors, etc.), as well as to navigate, search, bookmark, and create notes.    For non-fiction study and learning (e.g. studying a book on stock trading), it lacks important features (detailed under Cons, further below).    For all readers, the Android version of this app has two problems (one with Whispersync, and the other with Archiving books; see details under cons).    Cons for users who switch between devices:    1. Whispersync problem.  If you switch between devices like I do (for me, it's between the Motorola Xoom and my iPhone), the Whispersync feature is very important.  It tells Amazon the furthest point to which you've read.  If you later want to pick up your reading on another device, the Kindle app will prompt whether you want to go to the \\"furthest read\\" point within the book.  This is an invaluable feature, but it fails way too often, and without any way to fix it.  (Examples: i. you accidentally click a Table of Contents link that takes you far into the book or to its end, as I have done by accident, ii. you click a superscript that takes you to the index, and the app fails to give a back button, then proceeds to mark the index as your \\"furthest read\\" point.)  This feature has failed on my a number of times, and there is no way to reset the \\"furthest read\\" point.  From then on, it becomes very tedious to page through a book and find where I left off each time I switch devices.    SUGGESTION to Amazon: A simple \\"Set current location as 'furthest read'\\" option would resolve this issue.    Cons for all users:    2. Unlike my iPhone's Kindleapp, the Motorola Xoom app does not show which page you're on.  Instead, it only reports how far you are into a book as a percentage.    Cons for non-fiction readers who study to learn:    3. Cannot name bookmarks.  4. Cannot categorize/group bookmarks and notes.  A folder system (just like that used for web browser bookmarks) would be great --but one collection per book; not a global (multi-book) collection.  Of course, ability to re-organize --versus being stuck with the initial organization-- would be important as well.  5. Unable to archive free books.  The iPhone has an Archive option, whereas the Android app does not; instead, it provides a Delete option.  Archiving on the iPhone puts any book (whether it was free or not) into the Archive.  In the Android version, choosing to Delete a book (whether it was free or not) results in a \\"Archiving book\\" message being shown briefly.  Afterwards, if the book was a paid book, it will show up in the Archive; if it was a free book, it will disappear altogether.  I spent hours downloading lots of classics last night (books by Plato, Aristotle, the founding fathers, Thoreau, etc.), only to discover that if I want to free up my Library (current reading) space, I have to delete them altogether from the app; they are now archived on the iPhone, but if I want to read them on my Xoom, I will either have to leave them in my current reading space (Library) forever, or return to Amazon's store to search for them each time I want to read or reference them and hope that they're still available.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|Its pure and simple GAGA doing GAGA.....LOVE ME SOME GAGA...<br />not ment to be usefull....because I dont care if u like my review or not....haha
6305657947|4.0|It's not for everyone, but it certainly is for me.  Subtle, funny, sensual, solid performances from a mature cast.
0312330871|5.0|And Then There Were None<br /><br />I read And Then There Were None by Agatha Christie<br />This was an amazing book! Ten strangers are brought to an island by a mysterious U. N. Owen. At dinner, one of them dies. The very same night, another person dies. They realize quickly that one of them is the killer, and that a nursery rhyme is counting down their deaths one by one. They band together to figure out which one of them is the killer. As they die one by one, they begin to form alliances between themselves. Here is the rhyme. They try to find out who is innocent and only the dead are above suspicion.<br /><br />This books plot was so huge and amazing. In the epilogue it says that it took the author months to figure out the plot. I want to reread it again and again. This is by far the best mystery book ever. Thumbs up for Agatha Christie. I read the entire book on a day when I  was sick. The book's plot takes over your mind. You choose who to sympathise with. I personally chose a character named Lombard to side with, he survived to final three. I was stunned by the end, which was insanely brilliant.
B001U88814|4.0|I have size 13-14 feet and the Men's size 13 insulated Crocs work well for me. They're warm, comfortable, slip ons for the winter-time outdoors. Perfect for taking the garbage out or running out to the corner store.
B004SKHJF2|1.0|broken on Droid incredible. won't go past setup. its hard to write more than that, but I must to get to 20 words. seems others are having the same problem.
B00338QENI|3.0|The first half of this book was interesting - I enjoyed the story of Henrietta Lacks and also the history of cell research.  And I didn't realize that research subject/patient protection is such a new concept.  Very enlightening.  However the second half of the book fell flat for me, mostly because I tired of reading about the Lacks children, their various problems, breakdowns, stints in jail etc.  I agree that they have a point that perhaps the family deserves some of the revenues that corporations have realized by using HeLa cells in their research to develop vaccines.  One weird thing I noticed was the word \\"yelled\\" was used 54 times in the book to describe a quote.  It seems excessive - surely there are synonyms for \\"yelled\\" - \\"shouted\\" comes to mind.
B004EPYZUI|4.0|This is more of a question than a review.  I saw Sucker Punch in a IMAX Theatre and it was awesome!  The story had the Watchmen/Sin City feel to it with a Inception fantasy storyline.  My question is, why are they putting the DVD out as rated R and not the Bluray as well?  I know in the theatres it was rated PG-13, but if they are going to add a scene or two and give it that R rating, can't they do it for the Bluray?  Will it still be more worthwhile to by the Bluray version than the DVD with a little more footage or more blood,etc????? If anybody knows the story on this please response. Thanks. Dan
B0051QIGP4|5.0|Yeah, this is different from her others but in a good way.  I love that she's trying new sounds.  There's dance, a bit of country, and some rock style in there. Wonderful mix of songs!
B0034G4OY0|2.0|Not what I was expecting - too bad.  The first part of the movie and large portions after that were in French.  I really didn't expect a subtitled movie (even though I use closed captioning).  A very \\"artsy\\" movie,not at all what I expected from a Clint Eastwood directed movie.  There was a foreign flavor to the whole thing.<br /><br />I guess I expected more of Matt Damon's character as the psychic, rather than little flowery vignettes randomly scattered over more than two hours.  The first part of the movie I enjoyed and I got my hopes up but then sheer ennui.
0316056863|2.0|I was excited to read Tina Fey's Book Bossy Pants, however, my enthusiasm for this book lasted only a short while. I was expecting to have some laughter along the way, but it failed to even provide a chuckle. It is very short, and half the time didn't even make sense to me because it seemed to skip around a lot. If you want a biography and a funny one, don't buy this book. I kept thinking it had to get better, but it never did. Very disappointed.
B002VKE0XA|4.0|I usually don't like movies like this and don't think they're very scary (think [[ASIN:B003Y5H59M The Blair Witch Project]] or [[ASIN:B0018QCXGY Cloverfield]]) but \\"Paranormal Activity\\" was a surprise to me.<br /><br />The first part of the movie dragged, there really ended up being no explanations for the phenomena, but the second half more than made up for that and I still jumped and thought it was way creepy.  It just goes to show that movies don't have to be made with huge budgets (this one was BELOW low budget) and don't have to have blood and guts to be scary.  It goes back to being a kid and the bump in the night or the boogeyman in the closet - our imaginations can be scarier than all the special effects combined.<br /><br />Oh, and this is even with me thinking the male character in the movie - Micah Sloat - was a real putz.
0679805273|5.0|Love it - a very grown-up book of lessons wrapped up for the kiddos. A fun, colorful, and very Seussian tale of striving, failing, learning from your mistakes, moving on, doing well, not being appreciated, strengthening yourself, moving on, and oh the places you'll go! It's akin to child-self-help motivational goodness. It may be a bit out of place for this review, but I think this is a teaser to Ericksonian storytelling. Beautiful.
B0048LPRCS|1.0|Lets Go...We Can't. Why not? were waiting...waiting for what? Waiting for this awful film to end to see if we really wasted one hundred and sixty minutes of our time. and yes we did. Redundant, predictable, and really they could have ended it much sooner and cut out all the travel time between scenes to make a good short film (30 minutes) to get to the same ending, none of the 5 people who watched this with me liked it. the title menu was the best part of the film and you will see it a couple of times in the movie. save your time and money or take lots of drugs to watch this pointless experiment in audience abuse.
0446677450|4.0|I would recommend this book. \\"New financial mindset installation kit\\" is the subtitle I would describe for this little gem. A good spattering of philosophy and to-do's (and written very plainly) that should help anyone SERIOUSLY consider jumping out of the Rat-Race and onto the Fast-Track of financial freedom.<br /><br />Check it out - it's worth it. I found it for $1 @ Goodwill - worth much more.
B004ZJDIVK|5.0|I don't disagree with anything anyone has said above. Here's where some confusion comes in. When Rory heard the original tracks from Photo Finish, he was furious (if you can imagine Rory furious other than on guitar). He refused to release it and when he had the chance he re-recorded as many of the tracks as he could in a form he liked. That material was released as Photo Finish. The version of Photo finish material placed on Disc 1 here, is likely the original material, the company taking advantage of Rory being dead. The  criticism that he sounds flat and uninvolved is just what he heard and why he refused to release it at  that time.<br />Disc 2 is Rory playing live. Always at his best, nothing more be said.
B004EC5IUW|5.0|I truthfully could not stand the original series. It was hard to follow and irritating to watch. I basically wanted to kill all the characters, especially Shinji. The anime is truly horrid and really doesn't deserve the praise it got.    Eva 2.22 is different. All the characters are LIKEABLE. You can actually somewhat relate, and not have to deal with a certain completely psychotic flat character. The new character, angels, as well as the re-imagined angels just enjoyable and make it a great series.     I personally can't wait for Eva 3.33 due to how the story is setup and told. Eva 1.11 and 2.22 are so well done that they are truly memorable for their store, rather then the original anime which was memorable for it being incredibly stupid and confusing.
0312945973|5.0|This book is so great that I read it twice. It has been a few years and I was just checking to see if there is a kindle version. Unfortunately not. If you like historical fiction, this book is for you.      If you like this book, make sure to read the sequel: The Seventh Scroll.
0140282033|3.0|quick ans easy read. Enjoyed the setting and the battle between chocolate and the catholic church. Enjoyed it but it left a little to be desired.
B004QXJZXA|5.0|Is Le Mans a legitimate 5-star movie in movie terms? Not really. But it is a 5-star racing movie. And the BluRay is a genuine surprise.<br /><br />I was expecting a typical (read: mediocre) catalog transfer, but was pleasantly surprised by what I got. It is, clearly, a transfer of a 40-year-old movie, but it is a very nice transfer of a 40-year-old movie.<br /><br />If you already own the DVD and are wondering if getting the BluRay is worth it, the answer is yes; totally worth it.
B004EPZ06G|5.0|This movie was wonderful! it took a mixed version of the plot from the first one and set it in an even scarier place, bangkok. It was really graphic and i honestly was happy that the director wasnt afraid to try new and extremely graphic stuff! Ed, Zach, and Bradley return as the funniest trio i have ever seen and i hope to see them again! This is a Must-See!!!!!
068484267X|4.0|This book tells the story of author Frank McCourt's difficult childhood.  Either he has an amazing memory or, more likely, he's embellished a bit of this to fill in the gaps to make it a readable memoir.  I can't remember what I ate for breakfast, never mind what I ate or longed to eat for breakfast when I was wee child.<br /><br />The book reads like a novel and I quickly forgot it was a first hand account of growing up in a slum with absolutely nothing but an exhausted mum, a lush of a dad who can't keep a job and a slew of younger siblings who seem to die off as soon as the next one is born.  Frank grows up quickly because mom is tired, dad is lazy and he and his younger brother must take of the younger kids, scour the lane for bits of coal to keep his family warm, steal bits of food to survive and then face cruelty at school.  The book is pretty grim but compelling enough that I wanted to continue reading to see how Frank makes it out alive.<br /><br />I've seen criticism that this book is a one-sided view of Ireland during the depression and from what I read it looks like that is true.  Many times in the book the author points out that other boys had shoes and weren't eating a pig head for Christmas dinner but the author gets away with it because he is writing from his experience and not of the experience of the boy with the full belly and hard-working father.<br /><br />This was a thoroughly compelling, wryly funny, and often tragic read.  It's much longer than most of the books I read but when the end came it was too soon.
B004NDVJA0|5.0|Granted, the album just arrived yesterday. But I listened to the entire thing on my way into work this morning and was mesmerized by it. Not a good state to be in while driving, I suppose, but I got to my destination in one piece. Her voice is angelic and the music beautiful. This won't be leaving my player any time soon.
B004F9OV5C|5.0|\\"Ordi­nary Thun­der­storms\\" by William Boyd is a fic­tional book with many themes. The book takes place in Lon­don and fol­lows a man whose life turned upside down.<br /><br />Adam Kndred, a divorced, unre­mark­able aca­d­e­mic weath­er­man is in Lon­don apply­ing for a job. By chance he meets Philip Wang, a researchers for big-pharma who acci­den­tally leaves a piece of paper behind. Adam tries to return the doc­u­ment only to find Wang punc­tured with a bread knife. Stu­pidly, Adam removes the knife­and hence causes Wang's death and leaves his fin­ger­prints behind.<br /><br />Adam, who is not a dumb man, makes his sec­ond mis­take and goes on the run pur­sued by Wang's mur­derer and the police. As he hides and thinks of his next move he set­tles into a life of vagrancy and poverty liv­ing off the grid.<br /><br />\\"Ordi­nary Thun­der­storms\\" by William Boyd is an explo­ration of iden­tity as well as a excur­sion into the not so touris­tic spots in Lon­don. This is an ambi­tious and well crafted novel where the quirk­i­ness might not be nec­es­sary, but is welcomed.<br /><br />The nar­ra­tive flows smoothly and the char­ac­ters are engag­ing, one can't help but notice that Boyd has some affec­tion towards love­able, bum­bling fools.  This is an intel­li­gent, com­pe­tent thriller which, sur­pris­ingly, moves at a leisurely pace between char­ac­ters inter­weav­ing their sto­ries in a cat-and-mouse game.<br /><br />There are many sub-plots which are all very inter­est­ing yet under­de­vel­oped. There are house­boat res­i­dents, the law­less - inside, out­side and above the law, under­ground sub­cul­ture, the wealthy sub­cul­ture and an inter­est­ing take­off of Chris­tian­ity. All are amus­ing and thought­ful which I would have loved to read more about - but this would most likely have tripled the size of the book.<br /><br />Mr. Boyd tells of human drama, fools, crim­i­nals, pat­sies and losers liv­ing on the edges of soci­ety. For every loser there is a per­son who is above and below them in the hier­ar­chy of life, but it seems that the hier­ar­chy is cir­cu­lar and never-ending. Mr. Boyd writes the most com­plex and humane char­ac­ter as some­one the reader never expected. Ingram Fryzer, the pres­i­dent of the evil big-pharma con­glom­er­ate comes off as an almost pathetic fig­ure. Fryzer, a suc­cess­ful multi-billionaire who wields pow­er­ful enti­ties is not a happy man, can­not get the love he so wishes for from his sons and father and ulti­mately has no more power than the pro­tag­o­nist, Adam Kin­dred has over his own life.<br /><br />What I appre­ci­ate about nov­els like this one is that they make you think well after you fin­ished read­ing them. In this book there is a run­ning joke, a theme which is returned to over and over again - the ques­tion of iden­tity.<br /><br />The hunted Kin­dred as well as many of the other char­ac­ters in the book, seem to be run­ning away from their civ­i­lized iden­tity, cre­at­ing some­one new who might not be as suc­cess­ful, but it will be some­one who leaves behind the old bag­gage and start anew - even if they will be con­sid­ered fail­ures in the eyes of their old selves.<br /><br />Amaz­ingly, Kin­dred come to real­ize that maybe all his tri­als and tribu­la­tions were a bless­ing in dis­guise. He meets a girl, let­ting go of his old life and real­ize that anonymity in the big city might be fright­en­ing, but the thrill of per­sonal rein­ven­tion is almost addicting.y. For every loser there is a per­son who is above and below them in the hier­ar­chy of life, but it seems that the hier­ar­chy is cir­cu­lar and never-ending. Mr. Boyd writes the most com­plex and humane char­ac­ter as some­one the reader never expected. Ingram Fryzer, the pres­i­dent of the evil big-pharma con­glom­er­ate comes off as an almost pathetic fig­ure. Fryzer, a suc­cess­ful multi-billionaire who wields pow­er­ful enti­ties is not a happy man, can­not get the love he so wishes for from his sons and father and ulti­mately has no more power than the pro­tag­o­nist, Adam Kin­dred has over his own life.    What I appre­ci­ate about nov­els like this one is that they make you think well after you fin­ished read­ing them. In this book there is a run­ning joke, a theme which is returned to over and over again - the ques­tion of iden­tity.    The hunted Kin­dred as well as many of the other char­ac­ters in the book, seem to be run­ning away from their civ­i­lized iden­tity, cre­at­ing some­one new who might not be as suc­cess­ful, but it will be some­one who leaves behind the old bag­gage and start anew - even if they will be con­sid­ered fail­ures in the eyes of their old selves.    Amaz­ingly, Kin­dred come to real­ize that maybe all his tri­als and tribu­la­tions were a bless­ing in dis­guise. He meets a girl, let­ting go of his old life and real­ize that anonymity in the big city might be fright­en­ing, but the thrill of per­sonal rein­ven­tion is almost addicting.
014241722X|1.0|I thought I was buying a regular Grisham novel.  It was a really good story, and now I am going to get my grandson to read it!
B002VHI8FE|5.0|Buy this and enjoy yourself.  I understand those who love George RR Martin.  I've read him and if you want hundreds of pages of adjectives describing every detail of a meal; this is not your book.  I love him too (now if he could just publish the other half of the book he said he wrote two lifetimes ago), but to read the critics of this fine series, everybody would have to be a clone of Martin.  Yes, yes and the only movies you should ever watch are the academy award winners.  Look, if you love a good tale with characters you'll remember, then buy this and remember what drew you to fantasy in the first place.  The thrill and fun of the extraordinary.  I highly recommend this and believe you won't want to put it down.
B000002UTT|5.0|This Roxette CD got some radio play in '88.  'Dangerous', 'Listen to your heart',  and 'The look' were what was playing in Austin Tx.  However 'Half a woman half a shadow' and 'Paint' are also good songs and deserve your ear.  'Dangerous' was my girlfriend and I's song back in 1990.  It's upbeat rhythm reflected how we felt when we were out and about with each other.  There was also a 12\\" remix of 'Dangerous' that is quite good, although hard to find.  If you find it, definitely get it.  The music videos of 'Dangerous' and 'The Look', available on iTunes, are worth the purchase.  Both are well done.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|I ordered this album ahead of time, the priced dropped by a few bucks so amazon charged me the lowest price, so from the get-go things were doing well. Awesome CD, worth every penny, and im sorry for people who seeem to had problems downloading the album, hopefully its fixed quickly so everyone can enjoy the newest Lady Gaga songs.
B004V9J3HM|4.0|The last Neal Morse albums I truly enjoyed from start to finish were [[ASIN:B000BI1YJW ? (Question)]] and [[ASIN:B000MTDRKE Sola Scriptura]]. Everything after that, while featuring flashes of brilliance, has been hit and miss for me. Neal Morse is an excellent writer, but it was obvious he was running out of steam.<br /><br />Though not quite on the top level, Testimony 2 is a huge improvement over Morse's past couple of releases, including Songs from the Highway, the covers album, and the disappointing [[ASIN:B001DHC7TQ Lifeline]]. It picks up where the first album left off and continues to chronicle Neal Morse's spiritual journey. Supported by long-time friends, Mike Portnoy on drums and Randy George on bass, Neal Morse has also enlisted a plethora of other guest musicians to enrich his music. There is plenty of violin, cello, viola, and saxophone in the mix, as the album develops themes from the first Testimony disc and subtly glues them together. The music is  varied as expected: there is the classically arranged \\"Mercy Street\\" that stands out for its use of strings and acoustic guitars; the whacky instrumental \\"Overture No. 4\\" with a strong rhythm presence; or the very personal \\"Jayda,\\" a song about Morse's daughter who was born with a critical heart condition. Also in the mix are a wide range of elements ranging from comtemporary pop to gospel to soulful background vocals (both male and female).<br /><br />That said, the album's highlights are the more progressive numbers. \\"Time Changer\\" sees Morse reuniting with his former bandmates from Spock's Beard. The complex vocal harmonies a la Gente Giant are in one word sublime. \\"Nighttime Collectors\\" captures the live feel of the band while maintaining a hard-rocking drive -- the instrumentation is so organic that you will never know when and how the beautiful electric guitar bleeds into the following track, \\"Time Has Come Today.\\" The album's most emotive moment is \\"Jesus' Blood\\" -- Morse's singing is unmatched and drips with sheer emotion. He is the only singer in the world that can sing like Mike Tramp, a personal favourite of mine. The guitar solo here sends shivers down the spine, and it's perhaps the most beautiful solo of the year.<br /><br />The second disc consists of three tracks independent of the concept of the album. \\"Absolute Beginner\\" is Neal Morse-style pop at its best with a catchy chorus you can sing along to right on first listen. \\"Supernatural\\" brings forth brilliant synth playing in its intro and a capella style vocals sung over distant acoustic guitars before a full-on melody is built on top of it. \\"Seeds of Gold\\" is something for his fans from Spock's Beard and Translatlantic. At over 25 minutes, it marries complex bass lines with tasteful drum beats as well as melodic guitar phrases slicing through mammoth soundscapes. Guesting with a solo is Steve Morse -- his playing is absolutely fantastic. Vintage keyboards dominate the mix while harmonized vocals are spread across the whole track with cascading melodies and nuanced rhythmic flow.<br /><br />Testimony 2 proves that Neal Morse still has a lot to offer when he takes the time to develop his ideas and do what he does best: write strong, unforgettable melodies backed by top-notch instrumental performances.emotion. He is the only singer in the world that can sing like Mike Tramp, a personal favourite of mine. The guitar solo here sends shivers down the spine, and it's perhaps the most beautiful solo of the year.    The second disc consists of three tracks independent of the concept of the album. \\"Absolute Beginner\\" is Neal Morse-style pop at its best with a catchy chorus you can sing along to right on first listen. \\"Supernatural\\" brings forth brilliant synth playing in its intro and a capella style vocals sung over distant acoustic guitars before a full-on melody is built on top of it. \\"Seeds of Gold\\" is something for his fans from Spock's Beard and Translatlantic. At over 25 minutes, it marries complex bass lines with tasteful drum beats as well as melodic guitar phrases slicing through mammoth soundscapes. Guesting with a solo is Steve Morse -- his playing is absolutely fantastic. Vintage keyboards dominate the mix while harmonized vocals are spread across the whole track with cascading melodies and nuanced rhythmic flow.    Testimony 2 proves that Neal Morse still has a lot to offer when he takes the time to develop his ideas and do what he does best: write strong, unforgettable melodies backed by top-notch instrumental performances.
B0051QIGP4|1.0|Album is not worth it and Amazon makes the download frustrating and lengthy. I'm sticking to iTunes.This should be seamless, but it isn't. I was disappointed in the delivery. I wish she made a deal with Apple instead since they can handle the volume.
B0051QIGP4|1.0|Shame on Amazon. I paid for this album and could not download any tracks. The linux downloader package is broken, and the server refused to load the album to the cloud player or to allow me to re-download to my client PC. I wrote customer service and received a boiler plate response with incorrect information and no offer to fix the problem or allow access to the music I purchased. I feel ripped off.
0345529057|1.0|Be warned. My copy of book one \\"Game of Thrones\\" is missing several chapters (50 pgs) near the middle of the book. Unacceptable and may be a large scale problem off their presses.
0425241505|5.0|I can't tell you enough how much I loved this book.  I almost passed it up, except I ran across a review that compared this author to Singh, Frost, and Ione.  Those are 3 of my favorite authors who are on my auto buy list, so I knew I had to read this book.  I have to say that reviewer was correct.  If you love those authors I mentioned, then you will love this book!   The book takes the reader into a world where there are dragons and fae creatures who live among humans.  I was completely enthralled with this new world Harrison came up with.  There are also half breeds, like our heroine Pia.  The hero/dragon, Dragos is to die for.  I have not read a book in awhile where I have loved a hero so much.  He was an alpha hero, but he was also smart and on top of things.  I loved how he was not clueless when it came to Pia, he was completely in touch with her, and there were no silly misunderstandings that sometimes carry on throughout a book.  The only thing I did not like is that the story of Dragos and Pia ends with this book.  I wanted their story to carry on.  I would have loved to see a series with just them.  I feel like there is still so much to tell about their life and their relationship.  I truly did not want the book to end, it was non stop action and excitement the whole time!
0525951652|5.0|Follett hits a home run in this wide-arching novel reaching from Wales to Russia to Buffalo,New York to Berlin to Washington DC to London while detailing diplomatic history and labor strikes, womens' rights and revolution all tied together. This amazing work is subtitled \\"Book One of the Century Trilogy.\\" I can't wait for the next volume and the one after that.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|I've been listening to this cd over and over again since Amazon FAILED and I drove to Target and bought it! Great job Amazon, I now realize that you and crApple both SUCK!
B001MYIXAW|1.0|This film looked entrancing; unfortunately, I couldn't watch it. I waited for the latest Blu-ray release from Magnolia, but that didn't help. The problem wasn't the subtitles because I couldn't see them. There was a time bar across the bottom of the screen that COULD NOT BE REMOVED. It blocked the subtitles. The dubbing track sounded awful and the bar was annoying even without the subtitles. And the authoring errors didn't end there. The menu at the end of the film was frozen - you couldn't watch the special features without restarting the movie, a real pain because there was no direct access to the menu without sitting through the crap that preceded it. All in all, this is another baboon authoring job that seems all too prevalent on Blu-ray discs (but very rare on DVDs). A pity, because this film seemed to be very impressive. Unless Criterion rescues it, I guess I'll never know for sure.
B004H0N4PC|5.0|This CD is wonderful. Elbow dosn't hold back with their music or lyrics.  Build a Rocket Boys is an enjoyment.
B0036WC890|5.0|We bought this book secondhand, and it came in good condition.  Really, really interesting book to read, a book you do not want to put down, it held us both in it's spell to the very end.  One of our most borrowed books in our library!!
B000VS6R26|5.0|Bravo to James Cameron and all involved, this is one must see film that really is mind blowing. A film that will still be applauded in decades to come and if you are one of the few who haven't experienced it (you actually experience this film rather than just see it) add it to your must watch list.  Truly one of the greatest films of the tragic sinking ever put together.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|The original game should have come out this way to begin with. Its a much more enjoyable game now! So much easier to see and no waiting for an ad to clear. You gotta love that!
B0000CAXID|5.0|This is a fantastic album, start to finish. If you are afan of the Fo Fighters but haven't heard this album yet, I highly reccomend it. On most albums by other artists there always seems to be a song or two I don't like, but not on this one. I enjoyd every song. Dave Grohl rocks!
B0051QIGP4|5.0|I was lucky enough to be able to start previewing songs from [[ASIN:B004K4AVAG Born This Way]] via a game app on Facebook the week before the album was actually released, and I have to admit that I was very skeptical at first about the direction of Lady Gaga's upcoming album.  Once I was able to purchase the mp3 download of the whole album, and had a good listen to all of the songs, I was blown away.  Other than the extremely commercialized title song \\"Born This Way\\", the rest of the album was absolute Gaga.  Strong driving beats, lyrics that make you stop and think, or wonder what the heck, and Gaga's outstanding voice that simply cannot be denied.      The style of songs is all over the place, and in a good way that keeps you fully entertained.  Listening to Lady Gaga's newest album is like being at a live concert where you feel the artist is giving their all to the audience.  There may be a few songs on the album that some people don't much care for, though personally I love the entire album.  However, there's no denying that Lady Gaga puts forth her absolute best effort on every track and it definitely shows.  This album was clearly a labor of love, and devotion by all involved in putting it together.      I would hesitate to call the album a \\"landmark\\" album in the history of music, but it is an excellent sophmore effort from a relatively new singer/artist to the world of music.  I would however dare to say that Lady Gaga is shaping up to be the \\"Madonna\\" of a new generation - unabashedly unashamed of who she is, where she comes from, and what she has to express in her music, which I am quite happy about.  The biggest difference to me is that Lady Gaga can actually sing, and quite well compared to Madonna, especially in Madonna's earlier career.  And don't get me wrong here - Madonna is my \\"queen\\" from my younger days, but Lady Gaga has unleashed a new \\"queen\\" to today's generation of young music listeners.  Just watch - I suspect that Lady Gaga, like Madonna before her, will be \\"ruling the world\\" for decades to come.      Don't stop being weird, freaky, funky, unashamed, and totally entertaining Ms. Gaga.
B00004T9VY|4.0|Been wanting to buy this for a while and finally did through Amazon. Price not bad but could have been cheaper $14.66 w/ shipping. Cat Stevens first album is still as good as I remember.
B0051QIGP4|1.0|I am one of the people who was discriminate of Lady Gaga based on what she wears, but I decided that I would purchase her album after all the good reviews I had heard. To my surprised I did not like this album at all! I paid .99 cents for the whole album which is the only reason I purchased it, but I feel like I got ripped of...    Maybe a Lady Gaga fan would like it, but as for me I do not.
B003YUQ71E|3.0|For the price i paid, i couldve bought some better shoes. The stitches on the shoes began to come off after a week of use. the white on the shoes will eventually turn yellow.
B001F0WXY0|1.0|Will not pay $17 for a Kindle of a 46 year old book! This is just a trumped marketing scheme.  What really blows is the $8 version is available at the Amazon UK. Seems the publishers have blocked this sensible version from the US Amazon site.  Finally to top it all off, numerous typographical errors throughout the eBook. More evidence of a poor attempt to simply pull some more money from saps.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|I follow AmazonMP3 on Twitter and got the tweet on SUNDAY about the download for 99 cents that day. Purchased, downloaded, no problems... Been enjoying the album ever since, all the while everyone gives 1 star for not being able to download on Monday, Tuesday... etc, while everyone and their dog is trying to download at the same time. Duh. My tip: open your presents on Christmas Eve people! It's not Amazon's fault that Lady Gaga is so popular. You're getting a rippin deal.. quit complaining. You have your whole life to enjoy this fabulous album! (Translation: follow amazonmp3 on Twitter to get the inside scoop)
0156027321|5.0|Life of Pi is an engaging tale that may not make you believe in God, but certainly will make you appreciate that good can come out of the most horrific situations. Pi is a quickly loveable protagonist and I couldn't help but cheer for him from the first page to the last. This quickly became one of my favorite novels.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|Lady GaGa's \\"Born This Way\\" Album is Incredible! I love every song on this album unlike her past 2 albums which I had some I hated. I would say this is SO FAR the album of the year Hands Down!! Lady GaGa Finally was able to do a album very personal to her and something that is more reminiscent of the sound she wanted in the first 2 albums!! I recommend this album to everyone there is a mixture of everything on here!! My only complaint is not towards her but towards her label or whoever compromises her to have to put out music that bleeps whenever cuss words are said. Why does it matter other artists put out worse stuff than that but its whatever!! Congrats Lady GaGa you have outdone yourself which is not very easy to do!!
B001E45XT4|4.0|Not bad for the price. Even extended I worried the mic wouldnt pick me up well, but it worked far better than the cheap old headset i had where I had to keep the mic right on my lips. Adjustable and comfortable enough. Sound quality isnt amazing, but it's not outright bad and you can't really complain much given the price. Build quality feels pretty decent as well.     Overall I'm happy with the purchase, considering what I got within my budget.
B00000JHAU|3.0|Not quite what I expected. I first paid attention to the singer (Belle,Sebastion?) when he did a track with Nora Jones on her with friends album where his performance was excellent. The singing is no where near as good on this album and even sounds a bit flat? Anyway I'm just a \\"beginner listner\\" with these guys and I find a bit more attentative listening improves my appreciation.
B001I45UFC|5.0|I adore these books. Read them as a kids and they were part of all my daydreams; Read them now and they are inspiration for my talents. These books sparked my imagination like no other. <3 <3 <3
B000R7GKQE|5.0|The package came quickly and in perfect condition, I will be getting more from this seller... Most likely the rest of the seasons
B004K4AUZW|5.0|This album sounds great - the songs are super up-beat and it's more of a dance album than her previous one. I really like how she has Clarence from the E-Street band on the album - adds a neat Bruce Springsteen vibe to it.
B004IQMXD4|5.0|I am loving this album.  Each time I listen, I love it more.  The lyrics are romantic and mature.  Could use more electric guitar solo work.  The best thing.  Stevie Nicks voice is the best!  Warms my heart.  I like the range of styles.  Enjoy all.
B002ZTQVGQ|5.0|My kids love this movie!  It also has a Japanse version in it too!  They have watched it over and over many times! :)
B002E2M5IC|5.0|Well maybe \\"one\\" of their masterpieces.  Personally I enjoyed this even more than No Country For Old Men, though that was fantastic as well.
030745455X|3.0|I think about 1/3 of this book could have been edited out and you still would have had the same result. Some of the parts were overly drawn out and left you thinking, \\"ok, get on with it already\\".  So far the first one was better now on to the third...
0345529057|5.0|None of the books in the A Song of Ice and Fire series are the best thing I've ever read. With that being said, the series itself is probably one of the most engrossing page-turners I've ever had the pleasure of reading. I was an avid fan of fantasy books over a decade ago, and I can't believe I missed this series. I'm not going to lie, I had only heard of George R. R. Martin in passing until I saw the commercials for A Game of Thrones and decided to check out the series.    The books themselves came on time and were in good shape. For 20 dollars it was well worth it. Not regretting this purchase at all, and I've already pre-ordered the upcoming book.
0452289963|3.0|I felt that the tone was tedious. It read like a boring lecture. I agree with his ideas. I am sympathetic to the notion and philosophy of non-dualism. But his presentation of the subject was boring. If you are interested in some of the ideas presented in this book, (No Self/Ego, non-dualistic) then I recommend that you check out The Book by Alan Watts. It's got the same basic philosophy behind it, but it's presented in a in a fun, exuberant manner that eclipses the dry tone of Tolle.
B0030ZOYHC|3.0|I had never seen anything Evangelion related, or read about it, before I popped this in to watch it.  The blu-ray was very good, picture quality-wise.  The film itself however just didn't really grab me.  It wasn't bad at all, and I am mildly interested in seeing the second one.  It seemed like you could definitely see that it was a very truncated form of it's original self.  At least that's how it came across to me.  It seemed to move forward fairly quickly without much explanation of anything that was going on and then it just ended.    Still, if you are a fan of this, then I would highly recommend the blu-ray as the price is good and the quality of the release is high.
0307887960|5.0|This a great book, about a common sense diet.  Its very easy to follow and some of the things Dr. Dukan says are really surprising, like he recommends drinking diet sodas!  Who else does that?  And he \\"prescribes\\" walking, very easy way to lose weight.  I am very happy w/ this book, I started the diet on 5/8/11 and am down 14lbs so far!!!!!
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I had this DVD a few weeks before I watched it and then found I had trouble with it.....DISNEY is replacing it for me AND upgrading it, to boot!!! WOOHOO......they have been just great with fixing the problem for me...THANK YOU DISNEY!!
1597801585|2.0|I liked this book a lot less than I expected to. It's won a lot of prizes and got some great reviews, and touches on a lot of subjects I generally enjoy, but in the end I was disappointed. The setting is interesting - sort of post-environmental collapse future, where genetic engineering has clearly caused terrible plagues as well as being a potential savior. Some reviews described it as cyberpunk, but it isn't really; futuristic and high tech yes, but I don't get all the comparisons to William G...moreI liked this book a lot less than I expected to. It's won a lot of prizes and got some great reviews, and touches on a lot of subjects I generally enjoy, but in the end I was disappointed. The setting is interesting - sort of post-environmental collapse future, where genetic engineering has clearly caused terrible plagues as well as being a potential savior. Some reviews described it as cyberpunk, but it isn't really; futuristic and high tech yes, but I don't get all the comparisons to William Gibson.<br /><br />Anyway, without too many spoilers, the plot loosely revolves around a genetically modified woman called Emiko who is considered sub-human and soulless because she was created rather than being \\"natural\\". She isn't the clear central character but most of the other characters and the plot are ultimately somehow affected by her actions in one way or another. She could have been a much more interesting character than she actually is and could have told a much more compelling story about the fight between engineering and training vs free will and determination, but instead she seemed to be used simply to forward the plot and for cheap effect and I was kind of left feeling that the author had just used her and treated her as badly as most of the characters in the book do.<br /><br />Most of the book is actually about the convoluted schemes and political machinations of various groups of mostly unsympathetic characters, many of whom just seem to die or disappear without explanation by the end with no real satisfactory conclusion. There are too many plot threads that just taper off and never come to anything, and the ending of the book itself just kind of drifts away. I enjoyed the novel's setting, in terms of the futuristic plague-scarred world, but I was left unimpressed and unsatisfied by the characters and plot overall.y the end with no real satisfactory conclusion. There are too many plot threads that just taper off and never come to anything, and the ending of the book itself just kind of drifts away. I enjoyed the novel's setting, in terms of the futuristic plague-scarred world, but I was left unimpressed and unsatisfied by the characters and plot overall.
B000UBMWG4|5.0|All other studios need to take note of this Blu-ray edition.  THIS is how you release a classic on the format.  So many discs and different versions along with other special features.  The picture quality and sound quality are phenomenal and to top it all off it's a superb film.
B0034G4P80|2.0|When I watch a superhero movie, I generally expect memorable heroes and villains, good action, a solid plot, and the heroes in question somehow being recognized by the public. There are other things that should be striven for, such as an interesting supporting cast, but I think a movie in the superhero subgenre can get away with leaving that out, just as long as it focuses on the first things I mentioned. But Thor doesn't have any one of them.<br /><br />I think Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddelston did their best with the material they were given as Thor and Loki respectively. Loki is definitely the better character, being proficient in magic and being adopted. However every time it seems like he's going to turn out to be a complex character, it just doesn't happen. Also, he's reputation as a trickster is told rather than show and he's so incredibly smarmy you'll know he's the villain from the very beginning. I don't hate Thor so much as I'm dissapointed that he doesn't become anything great. He's a hothead with a heart of gold and nothing beyond that. Hemsworth plays him likable enough and he gets a fine scene where he explains the Nine Realms to love interest Jane Foster (Natalie Portman), but I feel unsatisfied. In any case I guess he's (eventually) an okay moral center to latch onto.<br /><br />There's a total of about four action scenes in Thor. In the first, Thor, Loki, Sif, and the Warriors Three fight the Frost Giants in Jotunheim. The Frost Giants are boring, and it's hard to believe that their entire species would live on a world so dark and lacking in any evidence of civilization.<br />Odin (played by Anthony Hopkins) strips his son Thor of his armor and sends him and his hammer Mjolnir hurtling to Midgard (played by Earth) so that he may learn his lesson. Thor infiltrates a small S.H.I.E.L.D. base set up around Mjolnir's landing spot to get his weapon back and punches some mooks. These first action scenes are hindered by awkward cuts and close shots. Then there's the Destroyer battle, which sees the titular metal giant stopped by a sword through its spine, a spine it wouldn't actually make sense to have. The underwhelming climax has Thor fighting Loki and stuff blowing up.<br /><br />Throughout all of this, Thor never truly becomes what I would call a superhero. He is never acknowledged in the public eye. Everything he does revolves around him. Saving a suspiciously film set-looking town from the Destroyer isn't enough to convince me that Thor has \\"learned his lesson\\". It was refreshing that he was actually willing to sacrifice himself...only for him him to start fighting the thing moments later. He's basically just dumb muscle that S.H.I.E.L.D. can call on.<br /><br />But what about other stuff?<br />Like the supporting cast, for instance?<br />When Thor lands on Earth, he is found and taken in by astrophysicist Jane Foster, her assistant Darcy (Kat Dennings) and her mentor Dr. Erik Selvig (Stellan Skarsgard). I really liked Skarsgard's performance. He and Thor get an awesome drinking scene (just about the only genuinely funny scene in the whole movie). Kat Dennings' character seems to exist solely for failed comedic relief. Natalie Portman is completely wasted as a character that endlessly flirts with Thor in a \\"you can have me ANY time!\\" kind of way (this is supposed to be a believable romance). She makes no impact on Thor's character nor the story.<br />I couldn't care less about Sif (Jamie Alexander) and the Warriors Three; Volstagg (Ray Stevenson), Fandral (Joshua Dallas) and Hogun (Tadanobu Asano). I never got a sense of camaraderie between them and Thor, and they do nothing but get smacked around during the Destroyer battle.<br /><br />On the artistic style: The special effects don't do much to paint a living breathing Asgard. We see no homes or citizens, and it doesn't look like the gods have much to do either. The costume design is usually pretty good, but the armor can look too plastic, and no matter how hard I tried, I simply *could not* take those capes seriously. Did anyone else think that the Destroyer looked just a bit too Power Rangers-y?<br /><br />So there you have it, Thor failed to accomplish things it absolutely needed to, and failed to accomplish anything else. Is this even a superhero movie? Well, it certainly sucks as a movie.<br />4 out of 10ard I tried, I simply *could not* take those capes seriously. Did anyone else think that the Destroyer looked just a bit too Power Rangers-y?<br /><br />So there you have it, Thor failed to accomplish things it absolutely needed to, and failed to accomplish anything else. Is this even a superhero movie? Well, it certainly sucks as a movie.<br />4 out of 10
B0000C3IDN|4.0|Worldwide Underground feels like a stream of conscious trip into the creativity of Ms. Erykah Badu. Standout songs are \\"Danger\\" (Part 2 of her \\"Otherside of the Game\\" trilogy) and (Sly Stone-sque) \\"Think Twice.\\" \\"I Want You\\" and \\"Back in the Day\\" come alive in Ms. Badu's LIVE performances.<br /><br />For some reason the songs on the vinyl LP are not in the same sequence as the track listing.
0765365278|2.0|Before discussing Sanderson's epic, let me first talk about good books. A good book grips you from the beginning, from the very first page. A good book doesn't engage in delayed gratification---you're hooked immediately and from start to finish (such as in nearly any volume of The Dresden Files). If reading the first fifty pages is a chore, but the last 250 pages are great, then the writer might have a good story, but he's done something wrong.    With regard to Brandon Sanderson's monstrosity, I have some thoughts. I'll caveat that I'm only about 100 pages into a 1,000 page book, but to that, refer above. I think that Sanderson is a pedestrian writer who has slathered a very ordinary story with an array of unique terminology that obfuscates rather than enhances the work. Great volume doesn't mean a good story; some of the best stories are relatively short (Neuromancer, The Black Company). A comprehensive fantasy world doesn't cinch it either---especially one as hard to believe as this one. In his zeal to present a world alien and wondrous he has overreached; what he has done instead is create a marvel of pedantry whose internal consistency serves only to highlight how unlikely the place is. For instance, with as much as he's focused on the geography and geology of the world, he seems to have done surprisingly little research on how landmasses are formed or how weather patterns shape the landscape. That, or he's willfully ignoring real-world natural processes, in which case the failure is in communicating how these things work differently in his world, given that it is so incredibly alien to our world. This is Geology 101 stuff, and he's a college professor. Tsk.     The core idea of the novel, the Shardblades and their wielders, is interesting, and he's a decent writer of action. But so far The Way of Kings reads more like elaborate fan fiction---the kind posted on messageboard forums---than like great literature.     I continue to trudge through it.
1400052173|5.0|I received this book as a gift and wasn't sure what I would think of it. Once I started reading I couldn't put it down! It is the most fascinating story I've ever read about a living person. It just shows that science has things they deal with on a daily basis that they cannot explain. What a strange yet wonderful gift Henrietta left this world. Simply amazing.
B003MX5P20|1.0|I really like Enrique's earlier music. This cd relies WAY too heavily on \\"guests\\", and the songs are boring with very predictable lyrics. Too much of a production, I wish I had not bought it.
B0050SQLMS|5.0|Delphi Classics is quite clear about the copyright restrictions making this collection less \\"complete\\" than its British version and although it would be nice if we Americans could have all of Lawrence's work in one collection, what we do have here comes close and at a very low, more than reasonable price. In typical Delphi fashion, the works are presented and organized with care and include value added \\"extras\\" such as original illustrations, photographs of Lawrence and his environs, and mini-introductions to many of the works which help put them in context.  Simply put, there are countless hours of reading pleasure here. I have been extremely pleased with all of my Delphi purchases and highly recommend them for devotees of classic literature.
B0019NG73G|5.0|This is one of my favorite films of all time and to finally have such a wonderful copy on blu-ray is an unabashed delight.  I didn't realize at first that 17 minutes were added to this already-very-long film, but they are welcome as they flesh out my favorite characters that much more. An impressive achievement.
0316098329|5.0|I was actually afraid to read this book. I don't usually read hard core novels with heavy plotlines but could not resist picking this one up because of all of the good things I was hearing. Told from a young boys perceptive the narration does not hiccup or stray. This story was never boring or strange. it felt very genuine and the ending was satisfying. Loved Ma the character. What a great read.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|Thanks Amazon and Gaga for a 2nd chance at downloading.  Great tunes, great cloud music, and great enjoyment.  Awesome! I will be using the cloud as a result!
B004Z2TUGE|4.0|It has a decent story, good acting, and good action. If you like fantasy, you will not regret watching it. And thankfully, it lacks the dopey soap opera of twilight.
B003INBOEM|1.0|I was very disappointed with this blu-ray movie...the movie itself is great, but our blu-ray player wouldn't play the blu-ray disc.
0684833395|2.0|This arrived in good time, and the outside of the book looked great, but inside it is full of highlighting in differnt colors and notes written in pen. It is VERY annoying to read, and I feel mislead about the quality of this copy.
0061245097|5.0|This second book in the series gives us a more mature Cat Crawfield working for a special unit of the government that kills human-murdering vampires. Cat is the commander of her specialized team and is operating under a secret identity and hasn't seen Bones in four years.<br /><br />Cat is so much more likable in this story. She's matured because of the choices she made to protect Bones and her mother and commands a team. She's more thoughtful in her decision making but still the fearless woman we love.<br /><br />I loved this story, which has Cat reconnecting with Bones and continuing her search for her father. We still have the exciting scenes with Cat in action and the romance with Bones is off the charts (beware of Chapter 32). The tension between her and her team because of her relationship adds additional spice. The story is well-written with a seamless flow from one chapter to the next. I hated to see it end so I'm on to the next in the series.<br /><br />This is a must read!
B0051QIGP4|4.0|I bought this record on the day it came out after hearing \\"Judas\\" and \\"Born This Way\\" on TV and the radio respectively.     Overall I like this album. There's a lot of the writing that I find interesting. However there is very little in the way of dynamics in the production here. The final mix is so compressed and the drum hits are very much in the front. As a result a lot of the more interesting elements of the production are buried in the mix, and that's a shame because, like I said, there's interesting ideas in the music.
B000002UA9|4.0|Listening to this is like going back to the begining of Beatlemania. If you loved the Beatles when you were a kid, you will enjoy this cd.
020530902X|5.0|As expected, this is one of the best books for the English language. Everyone should have this one for reference.
006056251X|4.0|This story picks up where the previous book in the series, It Happened One Autumn, left off and never stops. Evie Jenner made a gutsy move to save herself from her cruel maternal relatives by asking the rogue Sebastian, Lord St. Vincent, to marry her. She brings a much needed fortune to the table and he can provide her protection and a safe haven. Evie realizes she's also putting her friendships at stake by aligning with the man who betrayed Lord Westcliff.<br /><br />It was masterful how Kleypas took us through the successful transformation of Lord St. Vincent, a character I didn't think was redeemable, and Evie, one of the perceived less interesting of the wallflowers. He is witty, funny and painfully honest. Evie is perceptive, brave and sensitive. Who knew these two were made for each other, certainly not them but in this book it works. I find it incredible that I began rooting for Sebastian. It was also great to have characters from the previous stories continue in this one (Lillian and Marcus, Daisy, Annabelle and Simon).<br /><br />The story was well written and moved pretty quickly. My only criticism pertains to the protracted story involving Joss Bullard. Otherwise, this is the best of the stories in the Wallflower series thus far.
1574216988|5.0|I purchased the book \\"Totally Tangled\\" and loved it so much I couldn't wait to order \\"Yoga For Your Brain\\". It has so much in such a small book.  I love it and would suggest it to anyone who loves doing zentangles.
B000002UZ1|4.0|I have all but two beatle albums. This one is nice because it has most of the hits you always remember the Beatles for in one cd.  I keep this one in my car to jam on the interstate.
B001DJ7PQ4|5.0|Doctor Who season 4 is excellent! David Tennant is the best doctor in my opinion. There are many great historical references and the season finale has all your favorite characters from the series.
0374290024|4.0|It was the most humiliating day in the history of the British Empire. Britain had been conquered before--by Romans, by Anglo-Saxons, by Vikings, by Normans--but nothing like this. Never to a people so strange and foreign.<br /><br />On April 3, 1848, Queen Victoria, Prince Albert, the Duke of Wellington, and much of the court knelt in the rain on London's East India Docks...waiting. Governor Qiying's armada would be arriving from China at any moment, and Victoria would be expected to pay her respects to His Majesty, the Grand Exemplar, the Cultured Emperor Daoguang, submit to his overlordship and open British ports to Chinese traders.<br /><br />Victoria would live the rest of her life in shame, going down in history as the queen who lost Britain to heathen infidels.<br /><br />Of course, none of this actually happened. On that date in 1848, Victoria and Albert went to the East India Docks not as vassals to a new master but as tourists--to view a Chinese junk that British businessmen had brought back from Hong Kong.<br /><br />Ian Morris starts his recently-published Why the West Rules--For Now with this spurious story to make a point. Why didn't it happen this way? Why was it that British warships \\"shot their way up the Yangzi in 1842, rather than Chinese ones up the Thames?\\"<br /><br />Morris spends the next 767 pages offering his answer in an always interesting but sometimes annoyingly flippant telling of the past 12,000 years of world history as two parallel narratives, one Eastern and one Western.<br /><br />Making an argument that echoes the work of anthropologist Jared Diamond in his Pulitzer-Prize Winning [[ASIN:0393061310 Guns, Germs, and Steel]]--which I also highly recommend--Morris argues that it was \\"maps, not chaps\\" that made the difference. In other words, geography was the primary driver, not cultural or biological reasons. I'll return to that theme shortly.<br /><br />Other scholars have asked this question. It has been suggested that Britain industrialized first because of the island's long history of liberalism and Protestantism. England had its Magna Carta--and later its Glorious Revolution of 1688--so therefore it was \\"natural\\" that it would be the free-thinking English who brought us industrialization.<br /><br />Really?<br /><br />If all that was needed was to be free of tyrannical kings and the Catholic Church, then why didn't the Industrial Revolution happen in the Protestant Dutch Republic?<br /><br />Other scholars have come up with some rather innovate answers as well. In [[ASIN:0691141282 A Farewell to Alms]] Gregory Clark theorizes that Britons had better genes because in the Darwinian world of natural selection, their upper classes had more surviving offspring than their poor. Therefore, over the course of several generations, a larger percentage of the population is descended from \\"the best,\\" who are then spread among the common people via the forces of downward mobility. This gave Britain a more productive workforce, which combined with the British tradition of property rights and limited government, created the right conditions for industrialization to happen there and not China.<br /><br />The flaw in this argument is that China, with its high population density, should have had the same selective pressures. And for that matter, so should have ancient Rome (though perhaps Romans simply needed another 2,000 years to evolve). So Clark's argument, while interesting, isn't fully satisfactory either.<br /><br />Returning to Why the West Rules, Morris divides the competing answers into two broad schools of thought, the \\"long-term lock-in\\" and \\"short-term accident\\" theories.<br /><br />As Morris explains it,<br /><br />\\"The unifying idea behind long-term lock-in theories is that from time immemorial some critical factor made East and West massively and unalterably different, and determined that the industrial revolution would happen in the West. Long-termers disagree--fiercely--on what that factor was and when it began to operate.<br /><br />\\"Some emphasize material forces, such as climate, topography, or natural resources; others point to less tangible matters, such as culture, politics, or religion... But the one thing long-termers can agree on is that the Britons who shot their way into Shanghai in the 1840s and the Americans who forced Japan's harbors open a decade later were merely the unconscious agents of a chain of events that had been set in motion millennia earlier... It had been locked in for generations beyond count.\\"<br /><br />The \\"short-term accident\\" theorists, however, would retort that:<br /><br />\\"The East was actually better placed to have an industrial revolution than the West until accidents intervened. Europe...was simply \\"a distant marginal peninsula\\" in a \\"Sinocentric world order.\\" Desperate to get access to the markets of Asia, where the real wealth was, Europeans a thousand years ago tried to batter their way through the Middle East in the Crusades. When this did not work some, like Columbus, tried sailing west to reach Cathay. That failed too, because America was in the way, but...Columbus's blunder marked the beginning of the change in Europe's place in the world system.\\"<br /><br />The problem with both of these approaches, as Morris sees it, is that neither takes the full scope of human history into account. Owing to a better selection of domesticable plants and animals, the West (the Fertile Crescent of the modern-day Middle East in this case) had an enormous head start on China and living standards--measured by the social development index--remained higher in the West for over 14,000 years. In the 6th century AD, after the fall of Rome had reduced Western development, the East surged far ahead of the West--where it remained for over 1,000 years.<br /><br />In the ebb and flow of human history, the East would often be in decline while the West was rising and vice versa. But in both the East and the West, civilization would advance for long periods before it reached certain \\"hard ceilings\\" that it couldn't break through. Morris calls this the \\"paradox of development\\": rising social development creates the very forces that undermine it. Gregory Clark referred to this same cyclical relationship as the \\"Malthusian Death Trap.\\" Rising living standards cause higher birthrates, which in turn causes overpopulation, social unrest, disease and mass starvation and eventually the breakdown of civilization--until falling populations cause living standards to rise and start the whole process over again.<br /><br />Of course, when civilization breaks down, not all is lost. Humans learn and adapt and progress does continue. The ebb and flow has an upward bias, if you will. And this is why Britain industrialized first and came to rule the world.<br /><br />There is sometimes an advantage to being backwards. The Atlantic European states (including Britain) discovered and colonized the Americas precisely because they were backward. The real economic action was in the Mediterranean Sea and Indian Ocean, the trade routes to China. In trying to get a piece of this action by finding a new Atlantic sea route to China, England and the other Atlantic European powers ended up with New World Empires. These empires provided the wealth, food supplies, and raw materials to help propel Europe to the next stage of development.<br /><br />Why didn't China discover America first? After all, Chinese shipbuilding technology was far superior in the centuries before. This answer is twofold. First is geography. China had a much larger sea to cross in that the Pacific is much bigger than the Atlantic. But second is economics. Why would China have wanted to sail east? As the preeminent economic power of the day, all of the nations of the world came to China to trade. There was no reason to go anywhere.<br /><br />Returning again to geography, Morris writes,<br /><br />\\"I have stressed a two-way relationship between geography and social development: the physical environment shapes how social development changes, but changes in social development shape what the physical environment means. Living on top of a coalfield meant very little two thousand years ago, but two hundred years ago it began meaning a lot. Tapping into coal drove social development up faster than ever before--so fast, in fact, that soon after 1900 new fuels began to displace coal. Everything changes, including the meaning of geography.\\"<br /><br />In other words, timing is a major issue. Britain industrialized first because she had the right materials to do so at a time when technology had risen to the point to make those materials useful. With no coal, Britain would have quickly run out of fuel--and perhaps another nation might have leapt ahead. But had Britain not had the good timing of being socially advanced enough to use that coal, she might have instead followed the fate of Africa in the 19th century or the Persian Gulf today--becoming a place known only for the commodities in its earth.<br /><br />After 768 pages, Morris's answer is somewhat anticlimactic. The real value of the book is not so much Morris's muddled answer but in the historical journey itself. Read this book if you want a fascinating and original interpretation of world history, even if it fails to really answer the question in its title in a clean and succinct manner.<br /><br />If there is one real disappointment in the book, it is the author's wild and irritatingly preachy conjectures in the final chapters in which he alternatively postulates that:<br /><br />1. The East will overtake the West and we will all eventually learn Mandarin or<br />2. It won't matter in any event because by then technology will have advanced so far that we live in some kind of computerized nirvana that resembles the Matrix or<br />3. We reach another \\"hard ceiling\\" like we have at other stages of human history and either starve to death due to global warming or nuclear war.<br /><br />If only historians would stick to history...<br /><br />To close, I would repeat that Ian Morris's Why the West Rules--For Now is a highly original and thought-provoking book, even if its ending left a little to be desired. If you are a student of history, this is a book that deserves a space on your bookshelf.cial development creates the very forces that undermine it. Gregory Clark referred to this same cyclical relationship as the \\"Malthusian Death Trap.\\" Rising living standards cause higher birthrates, which in turn causes overpopulation, social unrest, disease and mass starvation and eventually the breakdown of civilization--until falling populations cause living standards to rise and start the whole process over again.    Of course, when civilization breaks down, not all is lost. Humans learn and adapt and progress does continue. The ebb and flow has an upward bias, if you will. And this is why Britain industrialized first and came to rule the world.    There is sometimes an advantage to being backwards. The Atlantic European states (including Britain) discovered and colonized the Americas precisely because they were backward. The real economic action was in the Mediterranean Sea and Indian Ocean, the trade routes to China. In trying to get a piece of this action by finding a new Atlantic sea route to China, England and the other Atlantic European powers ended up with New World Empires. These empires provided the wealth, food supplies, and raw materials to help propel Europe to the next stage of development.    Why didn't China discover America first? After all, Chinese shipbuilding technology was far superior in the centuries before. This answer is twofold. First is geography. China had a much larger sea to cross in that the Pacific is much bigger than the Atlantic. But second is economics. Why would China have wanted to sail east? As the preeminent economic power of the day, all of the nations of the world came to China to trade. There was no reason to go anywhere.    Returning again to geography, Morris writes,    \\"I have stressed a two-way relationship between geography and social development: the physical environment shapes how social development changes, but changes in social development shape what the physical environment means. Living on top of a coalfield meant very little two thousand years ago, but two hundred years ago it began meaning a lot. Tapping into coal drove social development up faster than ever before--so fast, in fact, that soon after 1900 new fuels began to displace coal. Everything changes, including the meaning of geography.\\"    In other words, timing is a major issue. Britain industrialized first because she had the right materials to do so at a time when technology had risen to the point to make those materials useful. With no coal, Britain would have quickly run out of fuel--and perhaps another nation might have leapt ahead. But had Britain not had the good timing of being socially advanced enough to use that coal, she might have instead followed the fate of Africa in the 19th century or the Persian Gulf today--becoming a place known only for the commodities in its earth.    After 768 pages, Morris's answer is somewhat anticlimactic. The real value of the book is not so much Morris's muddled answer but in the historical journey itself. Read this book if you want a fascinating and original interpretation of world history, even if it fails to really answer the question in its title in a clean and succinct manner.    If there is one real disappointment in the book, it is the author's wild and irritatingly preachy conjectures in the final chapters in which he alternatively postulates that:    1. The East will overtake the West and we will all eventually learn Mandarin or  2. It won't matter in any event because by then technology will have advanced so far that we live in some kind of computerized nirvana that resembles the Matrix or  3. We reach another \\"hard ceiling\\" like we have at other stages of human history and either starve to death due to global warming or nuclear war.    If only historians would stick to history...    To close, I would repeat that Ian Morris's Why the West Rules--For Now is a highly original and thought-provoking book, even if its ending left a little to be desired. If you area student of history, this is a book that deserves a space on your bookshelf.
0316056863|5.0|This book brings out the familiar intelligent Liz Lemon sense of humor us 30 Rock and SNL fans love and at the same time deals with the things that Tina finds important about her life that she'd like to share and be serious about.  It talks about Tina's childhood, her role models, people she admires, as well as not holding back against D-bags.  Wonderful read.  Check out the audiobook too where she narrates it herself!
0316044695|5.0|An incredible and intense account relating the heroic acts of four of our bravest young men. Had this story not been told it would have been a tragedy. If you love your country, this amazing book is for you. If you do not love your country and if have little or no appreciation for the men and women of our nation's armed services, you won't understand the importance of this book, which is one of the best I have read.
B004QYZATW|1.0|Terrible, terrible, terrible. I rented this film for .99 and I want a refund!  This is the first time I've ever been motivated to write a review because a higher standard production is expected from all parties involved!
B004K4AUZW|1.0|Its just typical disposable assembly line techno pop music. There wasn't a single track on this thing that I wanted to listen to a second time.
B0018LX9T4|4.0|Another enigmatic movie about that which makes the world turn. No, not money but sex and that practiced by those beyond the normal distribution curve of sexual behaviour. It's about a sheltered young woman released from a psychiatric institution, who seems repelled by the hypocrisy of her middle class environment. Her parents fight with verbal violence. She masks her emotional pain with the self-inflicted physical alternative; cutting herself but first seen with a scalding kettle being rested against her inner thigh. There was a flicker of a smile; perhaps that of self discovery. This motivates her to enter the world of adult work. She interviews for a job as a secretary. The interview is stilted. It's as if he has Aspergers syndrome; a sort of communication deficiency. &#34;You are over-qualified. You'll be bored to death&#34; he says. &#34;I want to be bored... I like dull work&#34; she retorts. There is a strong love of her father; his anguish triggering more cutting of herself. Yet all this is background to the main story; the unfolding relationship between her and her lawyer employer. This is a journey of emotional exploration with deviant sex as its embodiment. Love triumphs in an unexpected way.  Ian Hunter. Author of [[ASIN:1618976222 The Early Years]]  [[ASIN:1609118030 E-Love]]  [[ASIN:1609767675 E-Dreams]]  [[ASIN:1612044824 E-World]] [[ASIN:1618973045 Three Interludes]] [[ASIN:1622120671 Love's Anatomy]]  [[ASIN:1625167210 Conversations]]  [[ASIN:1946539716 Pets: An Adults' Tale]]
0061353248|5.0|This is an outstanding book full of interesting and counterintuitive studies.  It is written in a friendly conversational style that had me questioning how I view everything from day-to-day shopping to economic theory.
0765322889|1.0|It starts with the Intro where Erikson basically talks at length about how he didn't water down his brilliance even though he couldn't get the book published for years. Oh and screw you idiots who 'don't get it' his smug self-righteousness put me off from the get-go. But still...    I WANTED to like this book because I said, hey, if it's good I've got a ten-book epic on my hands!     But I just couldn't. Super dense, but without any real excitement. Weird, confused and confusing. Listen, I don't want to waste my time reading 500 pages of crap just because the overall epic is supposed to be good. I want each book to stand alone in the sense that at a minimum, I'm entertained. I spent the whole time just saying to myself, 'read a bit more, I'm sure it will get better' Sadly... no. Damn you Erikson.
0399226907|5.0|We were given this book as a gift during an Eric Carle book anniversary celebration. My son at the time was just over and year and loved looking at the illustrations. Now he's three and still loves it just as much. This book definitely grows with your child. He now identifies things on the pages as well as counts what the caterpillar eats each day. We love this book so much, we got an additional copy for our niece who's two. She cannot get enough of it.
0307472841|2.0|The first half or so of this book held such promise.  But as the somewhat improbable incidents in Beijing unfolded, I began to totally lose the thread of the plot and with that went my interest in the story.  The long political rant was totally unnecessary and incidental to the plot. To be honest, I didn't even care by then how it ended.  What's with Mankell???
B0043EV774|4.0|I enjoyed the movie very much, but if you're interested in buying it mainly for the 3D effect, you might want to look for other options. Most of this movie were converted from 2D, and not as well(in my opinion) as many of the other converted films.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|For some reason I keep worrying Gaga is going to run out of ideas, or just not be able to keep up this intense level of awesomeness she's been at since the beginning. But those worries got completely obliterated when I listened to this album. \\"Born This Way\\" is like the ultimate album for 1989. The one I always wanted to hear, but never did because cultural aesthetics changed before it was possible to make it... if I had heard this any time from 1986 to 1992, I think my brain would have exploded from enthusiasm.    I'm not going to get into details but I think \\"Bloody Mary\\" is my new favorite Lady Gaga song. It's also her gothest song yet, and I think it would be awesome if she got some goth/industrial bands to remix it (please, Gaga?)
B00008OWZC|5.0|Jimmy Page's guitar is breathtaking. Bonham sounds like he's angry at his drumset, and methodically beating it to death with mallets. Plant and JPJ are pretty good too. It's hard to believe these are live recordings, it's Led Zep perfection. \\"Whole Lotta Love\\" at over 23 minutes morphs into a medley that'll surprise you, and \\"Rock and Roll\\" is the most perfect rock song ever recorded. EVER.  Just buy it.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|Rick Grimes, a sheriff in a small Georgia town, is shot during an altercation and ends up in a coma. Waking up weeks later, he finds the hospital abandoned and corpses everywhere. He quickly discovers that the country is overrun by the walking dead. Rick sets out to find his missing wife and son, hoping they made it to the promised 'safe zone' in Atlanta, but finds that the city has fallen. But there are other survivors out there...<br /><br />Based on Robert Kirkman's comics, The Walking Dead is essentially a zombie movie that 'never ends' (or at least will go on much longer than any zombie movie or even series of zombie movies). Frank Darabont, the much-feted director of The Shawshank Redemption and The Green Mile, has applied his writing and directing skills to Kirkman's comic to create something quite impressive.<br /><br />The Walking Dead's opening episode is bleak and cinematic, with Rick's predicament ably transmitted through Darabont's claustrophobic direction and Andrew Lincoln's superb performance as Rick. Lincoln, a Brit best-known for his comedic role in Teachers, plays Rick's frustration, fear and concern for his missing family to perfection. The first episode, with Rick alone against the zombie hordes, is arguably the best, but the remainder of the short first season, which sees Rick link up with a band of survivors outside Atlanta, is only a notch down in quality.<br /><br />The rest of the first season concerns itself with the survivors arguing over what to do next and explores the dynamics of the group. Rick's old cop partner Shane has been leading the group, but finds himself supplanted by Rick, which leads to some tension. Two of the other members of the group are racist thugs, setting up tension with the black and Hispanic members of the group, whilst another survivor takes out his frustrations and anger with the situation on his wife. It's not a happy group, and the writers and directors do a good job of exploring the characters and their interactions whilst remembering to bring the zombies on every once in a while to cause mayhem.<br /><br />Production values are extremely high. The zombie effects are great (a couple of them are obviously fake heads over ordinary people's faces, but these are very rare), up there with the best movies, whilst Atlanta (population 5 million, including the surrounding area) looks convincingly abandoned and bleak. There's a couple of ropey CGI explosions, but beyond that, The Walking Dead looks and feels like a big-budget movie.<br /><br />The story unfolds at a pretty good pace, though there's a couple of divergences in the second half of the season and a few moments of possible wheel-spinning. However, given that one of the appeals of the story (in both comic and TV form) is that it has the time to show such side-plots and explore the fall of America to a zombie horde in greater detail than a film or novel, that's not an invalid thing to do. By the end of the season there's also a renewed sense of purpose, as the survivors realise that the CDC (Centre for Disease Control) HQ is in Atlanta and may have some of the answers they are looking for. This marks the biggest change from the comics, where the CDC is not mentioned, but as Robert Kirkman (who wrote the fourth episode of the series) points out that's only because he didn't know it was there. If he had, the comics would also have gone there. This sets up a number of interesting possible storylines for Season 2.<br /><br />Season 1 of The Walking Dead (****½) is a terrific, well-paced and well-acted post-apocalypse series. Let down only by a couple of meandering story threads, it's otherwise a great piece of television. The series is available now in the UK (DVD, Blu-Ray) and USA (DVD, Blu-Ray).ng to bring the zombies on every once in a while to cause mayhem.    Production values are extremely high. The zombie effects are great (a couple of them are obviously fake heads over ordinary people's faces, but these are very rare), up there with the best movies, whilst Atlanta (population 5 million, including the surrounding area) looks convincingly abandoned and bleak. There's a couple of ropey CGI explosions, but beyond that, The Walking Dead looks and feels like a big-budget movie.    The story unfolds at a pretty good pace, though there's a couple of divergences in the second half of the season and a few moments of possible wheel-spinning. However, given that one of the appeals of the story (in both comic and TV form) is that it has the time to show such side-plots and explore the fall of America to a zombie horde in greater detail than a film or novel, that's not an invalid thing to do. By the end of the season there's also a renewed sense of purpose, as the survivors realise that the CDC (Centre for Disease Control) HQ is in Atlanta and may have some of the answers they are looking for. This marks the biggest change from the comics, where the CDC is not mentioned, but as Robert Kirkman (who wrote the fourth episode of the series) points out that's only because he didn't know it was there. If he had, the comics would also have gone there. This sets up a number of interesting possible storylines for Season 2.    Season 1 of The Walking Dead (****½) is a terrific, well-paced and well-acted post-apocalypse series. Let down only by a couple of meandering story threads, it's otherwise a great piece of television. The series is available now in the UK (DVD, Blu-Ray) and USA (DVD, Blu-Ray).
B00008PX8P|3.0|Some of the video is terrible- choppy, grainy, out of focus concert shots with obviously overdubbed sound. Some of the video, however, is remarkable - looks like it was shot by a time-traveller with up-to-date equipment and is obviously legit. These tracks are almost spooky and well worth the price of admission. Some remarkable riffs by Jimmy.
B002N5N5M0|5.0|According to a recent headline, \\"All men are autistic\\". In this light, Dexter is a metaphor for the average male, faced with conflicting feelings about his membership in the highly constraining family unit. Babies, for instance: on the pro side, they're cute and they give you a mission; on the con side, they cry at night and they have needs. And neighbors, what are they for? In the early episodes there are some hilarious scenes of our guy struggling to fit into this de facto club of supposed \\"buddies\\".<br /><br />Season 4 explores the joys and stresses of married life, asking whether a man needs his private space, a desert island he can escape to. Is this in conflict with his duties to his family, or is it precisely what gives him the peace of mind necessary to be at least partly available to them? From the feminine point of view, total disclosure may be necessary for love to survive. Rita is a firm believer in honesty, but the series frames her requirement as a potentially dangerous demand for the key to Bluebeard's forbidden room. The writers stack the odds against our sympathy for Rita: she treats Dexter as being on-call 24/7, stretching his sanity at certain points, yet ultimately our hero is allowed to discover how much his family defines who he now is.<br /><br />The process is helped by a running comparison with another husband figure, the Trinity killer, whom Dexter looks to at least partially for mentorship (a theme used to lesser effect in Season 3). This character, played by a magisterial John Lithgow, gives a density to Season 4 which sets it apart from any previous one. For the first time we follow a killer very closely through most of the season, and the portrait of psychological illness is fleshed out and convincing, troubling in a way we haven't seen before.<br /><br />As for the subplots: the love lives of secondary characters don't always add much to the narrative, but the thoughtful treatment of Deb's story makes her a deeper, more interesting character, and Jennifer Carpenter rises to the challenge. C.S. Lee as Masuka skillfully plays off the contradictions in his character, and Julie Benz as Rita is always pitch-perfect, remaining touching in an often thankless role where her needs, however legitimate, are on the verge of driving Dexter off the deep end.<br /><br />But the season really rests on the gripping Dexter-Trinity pair. The darkness puts the viewer under a lot of tension, but it's probably the smartest season so far.rpenter rises to the challenge. C.S. Lee as Masuka skillfully plays off the contradictions in his character, and Julie Benz as Rita is always pitch-perfect, remaining touching in an often thankless role where her needs, however legitimate, are on the verge of driving Dexter off the deep end.    But the season really rests on the gripping Dexter-Trinity pair. The darkness puts the viewer under a lot of tension, but it's probably the smartest season so far.
B001P06GX4|5.0|Got this for my daughter for Christmas.  We played it all day.  She is 10 & loves it.  My son is 5 & he loves it.  My husband & even the grandparents love it.  It makes us think strategically, and everyone has the chance to win.  So much fun!!!
B000O8OTNC|5.0|This is a nice quick little sharpener. Does an excellent job of quickly \\"tuning up\\" your edge. I would still use a stone for a very worn edge, but the ceramic portion of this tool does a great job of making that edge just that much finer after the \\"Stone Work\\".
B004VMUS9G|1.0|not a good app. was late for work 4 times, finally uninstalled. the features are nice, in theory, but it doesn't work.
B0051QO4QY|3.0|There was a group that I immensely enjoyed back in the early 2000s.  The group was Nickel Creek. Phenomenal writing, musicianship and virtually every song they wrote was a good one.  Their albums sounded genuine.  They unfortunately broke up a few years ago.  I think some artists can only burn so brightly for so long before they either burn out or decide to move on to other things.    Lady Gaga is a artist in her own right. Her past 2 records sounded a bit more diverse than \\"Born This Way\\". She has a good voice, writes a lot of her own stuff, and seems like she's found her passion and message.     But this album just sounds too manufactured, formulaic.  It was like her and her producers and all the Corporate sponsors  who capitlized on the previous notoriety and high sales of \\"Fame Monster\\" are expecting an even bigger return with \\"Born this Way\\".  Look for Virgin Mobile tour bus, headphones (or whatever Gaga Inc. feels like selling out to) in your city or town soon.    That doesn't mean I can't enjoy the record. Born this way is a catchy song. \\"Hair\\" while initially made no sense to me the first listen, was whimsical, positive message of being wild and free. I liked the rock ballad \\"You and I\\".    So, take the album for what it is and enjoy for what it is: Cotton candy for the ears. I'll be listening to this at the gym on my headphones, running, or when I need  a shot of high energy dance music. In that sense, this music serves the purpose.  It's not a slowly cooked album that has had a chance to simmer the way Paul Simon, Nickel Creek, or other great singer/songwriter artists have. With 14 tracks, I also felt it could have been just 1 album, which is why I gave it only 3 stars.      Maybe next album, Gaga will pull back. There are times when \\"less is more\\" and the producers/writers should keep this in mind on the next CD, rather than trying to outdo the previous album. Still there's lots to like about BTW. Gaga's vocals are strong as ever.   All the little Monsters will be happy with her efforts and call this her greatest work to date,  but the breadth of it is just a bit much.
0120884674|5.0|I find this book easy to read and very enjoyable and I would recommend it to any one who has an interest in Forensic Anthropology or Bio Archaeology.
B000AMJC2K|4.0|This monitor arm is very sturdy and easy to set up. Potential buyers should be aware, however, that the arm only moves when holding in the button in the middle of the arm. This is not a problem for me but I had a assumed the whole arm could be moved like a dentist's lamp or x-ray machine. I'm not sure why both of my references involve a dentist office.
0061726826|3.0|My rate is 3.75 stars    When I got this book, I didn't even read the summary I just grabbed it because I love Lauren Oliver's Before I Fall, so I have no idea that this is dystopian, I told me self after Divergent I would take a break from the genre and read something like a romance, bio or mystery, but as soon as I read the disease in this world, I have to read it.    They call it Amor Deliria Nervosa or Love Disease. Insane right? it is funny how they list all these symptoms of being in love and how it posed as a dangerous disease in their world. When people turn 18, they get this \\"procedure\\" to be free from it. According to their Book of Shhh (Safety, Health, Happiness Handbook). Other disease such as stress, anxiety, heart disease, depression and even bipolar disorder are caused by Love. A government who would test you in order to place in you in a society, a government wherein they give you qualified matches to spend the rest of your life with, a government who does not allow too much laughing, dancing and enforce regulation like its martial law. As soon as I read those, I can't put it down anymore.    Our heroine Lena, is a goody two shoes, well she tries to be. it has something to do with her family history, something awful that happened with her mom, something she was scared off. I love her friend Hanna, she had this rebellious streak , what a teenager should have. While reading it, I wanted to push Lena (if only I could) to be more daring and more adventurous, to tap in to her curiosity. She was so frigid and that is so annoying to me. If not for the strong background of her character, she might not have worked for me. I am glad that I managed to ignore the negative feeling of putting this book down because it got so much better. There is always something quite unsettling and fascinating about forbidden relationship and breaking the rules in general, especially if the rules might get you somewhere dangerous or something you'll regret. Ms. Oliver I love your writing.
B0051QIGP4|1.0|I purchased this last night. I was charged for it, but it didn't download. I've tried to go back through the steps but it doesn't show at all on cloud 9. Very frustrated!!!
0060254920|5.0|My daddy and I used to read this, without fail, every night before I went to bed.  I found my old copy of it the other day and nearly cried rereading it.  I also have a little plush 'wild thing' that I found the other day at a going-out-of-business bookstore.  This book is a children's classic and I, for one, will always have fond memories of it.
B001E45XT4|5.0|I love these things. The adjustable volume knob is a good feature that actually stays in place even if you knock it around (unlike on my X31s). Sound quality is good, I will say that the sound isn't contained in the headphones very well. So if you're looking to use these to listen to loud music right next to someone in a quiet library, forget about it.     I've used these for several 2+ hour voice chats and I've noticed that my big ears start to get a little irritated around the 2-3 hour mark. It's possible that it's because I'm wearing them too tight on my head but I like how snug they fit so it's about trade-offs. Since they fit kind of snug and the earmuffs are huge you might end up with some \\"hair dents\\" if you're wearing them for an extended period of time. Overall, I've got a pair of $100 Turtle Beach X31 headphones and these, and honestly I could care less which one I'm using. Would recommend to anyone.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|I went and saw Wicked on Broadway in NYC on a school trip but at the beginning of April. I feel in love with this musical and this CD is amazing! I've listened to it almost everyday! It has a great price on it too! Anybody that loves this musical should buy it!
B0047Y0FGY|5.0|I love anything Tina Fey does.. this book is such a great read. I get to see how her brain processes information... it's similar to mine.. cray cray. read this laugh, and pass it over to friends. :)
B004ZISVWC|5.0|Good special effects, a dash of realistic biology and an interesting story make Trollhunter that which I always strive to find: something entertaining and unlike anything else I've seen.  Clutch writing makes the characters as interesting as the monsters--a task which I feel is generally difficult.<br /><br />  The movie opens with a mood-setting disclaimer that it was formed by chronologically assembling footage left behind by an anti-Mythbusters documentary film crew from the University of Volda.  How very Norse-Blair Witch Project meets Cloverfield of them.  The camerawork has all of the appeal of Cloverfield without the headache-inducing shakiness (except when briefly appropriate, for example, running from a troll!).<br /><br />  This film follows a group of student filmmakers as they follow Hans.  Originally suspected of being a bear poacher, Hans is actually a somewhat bitter, poorly paid government employee charged with \\"troll management\\".  This sounds slapstick-ridiculous, but I swear it is delivered with a straight face.  Hans is charged with tracking and killing trolls that have wandered from their government-delineated territory--like a secret wildlife preserve.  He hopes that filming these creatures and informing the public could improve future troll management strategies...that, and he's clearly sick of the secrecy and, perhaps, being under-appreciated.<br /><br />  The depictions of the trolls stayed in the true spirit of classic folklore.  But still there was a subtle attempt to explain a bit about troll biology.  As a biologist, I found this charming.  The extra heads (accessory organs, really) that some trolls develop throughout their life cycle assist them in peacocking to impress females and to intimidate other trolls.  There are also two species (groups), each with various subspecies (types), of trolls.  In as detailed a manner as one could expect from a movie like this, they even explain why trolls turn to stone when exposed to ultraviolet light (and why some explode instead).  Troll detection, tracking, various baiting techniques, gestation periods, intelligence, and the simple fact that they are mammals are all addressed, even if only briefly.<br /><br />  The behavior and variety of the trolls they encounter make this film feel like Where the Wild Things Are for fanboys.  There are several different troll scenes and the types of trolls differ as much as the circumstances of their encounter.  While the effects are not amazing, they are every bit as good as they need to be to maintain the credibility of a world in which trolls exist and, more importantly, to keep us entertained.  I never felt that the effects \\"could have been better\\".  If you like monster movies then this is a MUST SEE for you!<br /><br />  I you like this movie, then check out Rare Exports and Thale.  Both are also Norwegian folklore-themed movies.  Rare Exports and Trollhunter are reviewed on [...]and can be found in the archives.xplode instead).  Troll detection, tracking, various baiting techniques, gestation periods, intelligence, and the simple fact that they are mammals are all addressed, even if only briefly.        The behavior and variety of the trolls they encounter make this film feel like Where the Wild Things Are for fanboys.  There are several different troll scenes and the types of trolls differ as much as the circumstances of their encounter.  While the effects are not amazing, they are every bit as good as they need to be to maintain the credibility of a world in which trolls exist and, more importantly, to keep us entertained.  I never felt that the effects \\"could have been better\\".  If you like monster movies then this is a MUST SEE for you!        I you like this movie, then check out Rare Exports and Thale.  Both are also Norwegian folklore-themed movies.  Rare Exports and Trollhunter are reviewed on [...]and can be found in the archives.
B004GJYROG|5.0|I have just bought this DVD and I am a very satisfied customer. I first watched this movie when I was a 6 year old child and I still love it today! I love the theme of basketball, the story, comedy, the awesome music, EVERYTHING. Watching this movie is very enjoyable to me and the animation is brilliant! I love all of the characters! Old and new!
B000641Z90|5.0|I was stunned at the quality of the DVD's given the vast amount of video that is contained on each of them. It looks almost like HD, it has DD Live and DTS as well as stereo to choose for audio settings. It has subtitles and even alternative camera angles for some videos.  The packaging is also very nice.  It is definitely a must have for all those dedicated fans.
B0015DYIH2|1.0|This was the first Meyer book i read, yeah part four first, intelegent but still... after readin he first few chapters i had to practacly force myself through this thing.  What really bugged me at first was the indecisive writing and plot.  Second, and this did it for me, while Bella and Edward are... honeymooning&#34; to say ;) how in the world does she not notice eveything thats going on!?  How does she end up looking so physically abused without realizing that is happening during?  And not to mention he destroyed the pillows and bedding, and later even the bed itself, and Bella is none the wiser. Clueless much?  And then Jacob, poor pedafile Jacob.  Cant get Bella so he goes for the next best thing, her newborn baby. Thats a relationship bound to go awry, no?      I think that Meyer had a great idea, vampire x human + warewolf = yummy; but the biggest flaw in my eyes was how poorly the plot detals were thaught out, or at least written out.  I do commend the attempt.  As a writer myself I know how frustrating it can get and the fact Meyer was able to work some of her ideas impresses me, so good luck with your next tries. :)
B0045DO8NI|5.0|This DVD comes in a very nice packaging meaning that is meant to look like a book. The front cover, the first cd, some photos and some comments along with some flashy titles from the tracks, the second dvd and then the back cover.  The quality of both the CD and DVD is great. It is among the best DVD's I bought from here.   It is a must for those who really like P!nk.
0316056863|5.0|If you want to laugh out loud on the train, have people give you strange looks and move away from you, this is the perfect book for you. Seriously I laughed so hard when I read this book... And because laughter is the best medicine, I am now healed. Thanks, Tina Fey!
B004J4WN0I|4.0|***NOTE MY REVIEWS OFTEN CONTAIN SPOILERS***<br /><br />Atticus O'Sullivan or Sidohachan O' Suileahain as he was once known, is a 2000 year old druid in a 21 year old's body. Chased by Celtic Gods and the Tuatha De Dannann because he has in his possession a magical sword called Fragarach which can cut through anything, he faces many adversaries in this tale of adventure set in the Arizona desert.<br /><br />His main adversary is Aenghus Og the Celtic god of love who's hellbent on having the sword, but as the story progress you begin to wonder if he can trust anyone other than Oberon the dog with whom has a mental bond. Og isn't cupid by any means and is downright nasty is his pursuit of Atticus and Fragnarach. The story encompasses all sorts of supernatural entities from the fae to werewolves, vampires and witches and reader is often left wondering which is the most dangerous and who will turn on Atticus next as they turn from page to page in this exciting story.<br /><br />I debated between a three and four stars on this one because while the ending did tie things up nice and neat, there was something about it that didn't leave me feeling fulfilled. However that could have just been me having to stop every three paragraphs and yell at my sons who'd just gotten home from school and weren't behaving. I decided to give Hearne the benefit of the doubt and blame my not being pleased with the ending on the fact that I was angry at my boys and went with a four stars.<br /><br />The story is written in the first person in Atticus's voice and for some reason reminded me of the old television show Saved By The Bell. Obviously the two aren't similar in plot, but if you were a fan of the show you'll remember the times when Zack who was a likable troublemaker would speak to the audience in monologues about what was occurring. Atticus's voice and attitude was very similar to that of the lead character in that long forgotten television show. He's a likeable smarta## who doesn't have to go looking for trouble because it's always banging on his door.<br /><br />You can tell the Hearne put a lot of research into his debut novel, however the need to make sure his readers understand Celtic mythology and history slow his pacing down a bit in the beginning of his novel. He info-dumps quite a bit in the beginning and while I appreciate that he didn't walk into writing about this blind, I think there could have been a better way to import the information to the reader than putting it in long drawn out paragraphs. It's mostly only done in the beginning and after you get further into the story you quickly forget about the small text book like portions you suffered through in the beginning to get to the real story. If you're a reader like me who's put off by sections of fiction like that I advise you to keep reading because I can guarantee that you won't be disappointed.<br /><br />While my favorite character was his dog Oberon that in this story can talk in Atticus's head and therefore served as wonderful comic relief, I loved the way Hearne created the characters in this tale of adventure. You could never tell for sure which side any of his allies were on, his main humanish friends are his werewolf and vampire lawyers that charge him for their time and this wacky Irish widow down the road, that mellows out her Sunday church sermons by drinking so much whiskey before she goes that she doesn't remember what's been said. Each character was well fleshed out with unclear motives that left you guessing and little quirks that enamored you to them.<br /><br />Overall the story is a must read for fans of urban and paranormal fantasy. It is for the most part faced paced and once you get past the shaky parts I warned you about in the beginning you won't want to put it down until you read its conclusion.ave to go looking for trouble because it's always banging on his door.<br /><br />You can tell the Hearne put a lot of research into his debut novel, however the need to make sure his readers understand Celtic mythology and history slow his pacing down a bit in the beginning of his novel. He info-dumps quite a bit in the beginning and while I appreciate that he didn't walk into writing about this blind, I think there could have been a better way to import the information to the reader than putting it in long drawn out paragraphs. It's mostly only done in the beginning and after you get further into the story you quickly forget about the small text book like portions you suffered through in the beginning to get to the real story. If you're a reader like me who's put off by sections of fiction like that I advise you to keep reading because I can guarantee that you won't be disappointed.<br /><br />While my favorite character was his dog Oberon that in this story can talk in Atticus's head and therefore served as wonderful comic relief, I loved the way Hearne created the characters in this tale of adventure. You could never tell for sure which side any of his allies were on, his main humanish friends are his werewolf and vampire lawyers that charge him for their time and this wacky Irish widow down the road, that mellows out her Sunday church sermons by drinking so much whiskey before she goes that she doesn't remember what's been said. Each character was well fleshed out with unclear motives that left you guessing and little quirks that enamored you to them.<br /><br />Overall the story is a must read for fans of urban and paranormal fantasy. It is for the most part faced paced and once you get past the shaky parts I warned you about in the beginning you won't want to put it down until you read its conclusion.
0439023513|5.0|The book Mockingjay was by far one of the best books I've ever read.  It is the third book of the Hunger Games Series and, in my opinion, ended the series on a great note.  Katniss has made it out of the arena alive for the second time, and wakes to reality that she has sparked a rebellion that cannot be stopped.  At the promptings of District 13, Katniss becomes the mascot of the rebellion, a Mockingjay.  In addition to the pressure from the districts to become the Mockingjay, the tension between the main characters, Katniss, Gale, and Peeta, continues to grow until it reaches a breaking point.  Will Gale and Katniss end up together?  Or will the rebellion crush all of Katniss's dreams for the future?  Overall, I really enjoyed the book.  It had a very captivating story line and would compare it to that of Orson Scott Card's Ender's Game.  I thought that the ending was very fitting, and the book is a must read for the Hunger Games addict as well as the average reader.  This may be in the children's books genre, but it is intriguing and addicting for readers of any age.
B000063KM1|1.0|The movie will not play in the USA unless you have a European disk player. Kind of felt vamboozled because this was not expressed at purchase. Will not be returning.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I loved everything about Firefly! Fox tossed away a gem when they canceled this series. No matter what your flavor is, Firefly has it.
B003HKN52A|5.0|I like anything \\"Elvis\\" If  you followed his career, there is really nothing new. But If you like him-- Who cares? Glad I added  it to my collection
B000BW7QWW|5.0|Being an enormous fan of Firefly, I really liked Serenity. Fox completely blew it by canceling such an amazing story.
B004Z2TUGE|4.0|OK. I read a bunch of the reviews but I was intrigued enough to watch the video, and then write my own review.<br />Here is my opinion:<br />* Did I like this movie/video? -- Yes, I thought it was action filled and had a unique premise by the original author.<br />* Better that 'Twilight'? -- Most definitely yes. I gave it 4 stars. (I also think I'm getting a little sick of vampire movies where the female lead is such an stupid ass.)<br />* More geared towards teens than adults? -- I would have to say yes. Still a thrilling ride for adults, though. Plus, I am a fan of Timothy Olyphant -- Justified is now in my top 5 favorite TV shows. He did a great job as the \\"father\\" in this film.<br />* Will there be more? -- Its hard to say. Box office standards being what they are...<br />* Would I watch a sequel? -- I believe I would, but I think it needs the same or a better vision by the director/producers, etc.<br />* How does it compare to other action/sci-fi films released in the last few years? -- I've noticed an annoying  trend in the last few years that is driving me a little crazy. Large film studios are sticking with the \\"tried and true\\" instead of exploring new stories, or new ideas. Which is why we are seeing multiple sequels of the same story (ie: Marvel and DC comics being made over and over and over...) or they are RE-making films from other countries -- like The Ring, Wicker Park, The Tourist, Three Men and a Baby, Let Me In, The Uninvited, etc.<br />* What about a description of what you like or dislike about the movie? -- Aahh ah, ah! As they say in Dr. Who, \\"Spoilers, sweetie.\\" Descriptions are everywhere on the Web. Trailers tell a portion of it, and if you are desperate for details, there are several reviews listed here that may help you, or not. I'd say, \\"Give it a try, what the hay? It's only $3.99 and fairly entertaining at that.\\"<br /><br />Other complaints and issues with the latest movies in general:<br />What happened to our own story tellers?<br />What is with the 3-D craze? (I think that the 3-D is just a way to pry another $4-$5 out of our almost empty wallets for ill-fitting, ugly glasses.)<br />Why are we searching so hard for a decent movie hero or heroine when we have books filled with them?<br />Why are film studios not looking for those books and making good scripts of them?<br /><br />And that's my whine for the time being. Good luck movie fans, I hope you find what you are looking for.3-D is just a way to pry another $4-$5 out of our almost empty wallets for ill-fitting, ugly glasses.)  Why are we searching so hard for a decent movie hero or heroine when we have books filled with them?  Why are film studios not looking for those books and making good scripts of them?    And that's my whine for the time being. Good luck movie fans, I hope you find what you are looking for.
1878424505|5.0|Ancient wisdom helps us to go deeper within, to be true, to connect with our higher self and others more authentically. Modern technologies are pushing the limits to who we communicate with and how many people we reach.<br />Now we shall be even more careful with the way we communicate and connect with others.<br />I believe our purpose is to get to know ourselves and help others know themselves. An extraordinary tool to help us in this matter is the New York Times bestseller book from Don Miguel Ruiz: The four agreements. I had the immense pleasure and honor to meet this man and his son Don Jose, who co-wrote the 5th Agreement with him.<br />These four agreements and their principles, which are based on Ancient Toltec wisdom. By applying them in our everyday life, we can change everything around us. These four agreements reminded me how the connection with nature and our true nature is important. By following these principles which are true value, we can change our lives. And when you change everything around you change.<br />Don Miguel gives us practical advice to follow and honor these four agreements. A life changing book.<br />Nathalie Bonnard - Travelheart
0767903862|5.0|I have nearly all of Bill Bryson's books and this is one of my favourites of his.  The writing is informative and constantly entertaining.  Bill is not only great at making astute observations about the places and people he encounters, he also puts himself into interesting situations, really immersing himself into the experience of the country in many ways.  And his personality is such that he makes an excellent narrator.  I think that makes or breaks a travel book, quite often, because when we read about someone travelling who is not particularly likeable it can ruin the book.  I mean, who wants to travel with a dull moron, even in their imagination?  But Bill is a very entertaining travel partner and half of the fun of his books is reading about his particular reactions to the places he visits.    I lived in australia for many years and this book is spot-on in its observations about the places and culture.  If you have any interest in Australia I strongly recommend this book, both to give you some tips and also to just make you laugh.
0061998494|3.0|I never miss a Craig Ferguson show!  He is the most lightening fast comic talk show host ever.  Extremely intelligent and original.  A very refreshing change  from the norm....  So, I was expecting this book to be dynamite interesting and funny!  Not really so.  It's autobiographical of his earlier years with lots  of names of places and people you won't know.  I don't hate this book; it's just kind of dry and not anything like I was expecting.....
B002G1YPH0|5.0|Installation was (mostly) painless and easy.  The HDT design left some shallow channels between the heat-pipes and the mounting base, but that's a fairly insubstantial complaint - just fill in the channels with whatever thermal interface material you're using before you begin applying the TIM for setting it on the CPU.    Intel Core i5-2500K on MSI P67A-G43 (MS-7673) motherboard idles at 34/36/34/25C (cores 0 to 3) in a room with ambient temperature ranging from 23-25C.
055357342X|2.0|I haven't had any problems with the Kindle edition.  I do have problems with killing off most of the more interesting and compelling characters and plot lines.  Would X-Men be interesting if Wolverine was killed off immediately after Professor X was killed?  Would Star Wars be watchable if Luke was killed by Darth Vader?  Would Lord of the Rings be such a great story if Gandalf stayed dead and Sauron got the ring afterwards?  I don't think I'll read the next book; I'm tired of inevitabilities being pushed and pushed along with new characters and twists being introduced all the while.  For example, Ayra trying to get to her mom.  Give me a break, how many people did she get passed along to throughout the 2nd and 3rd books?
B004K4AUZW|5.0|EASILY the best of all her albums HOWEVER, I don't see it fitting the taste of most of my fellow Americans. Too bad for them.<br /><br />INCREDIBLE ALBUM.
B002ZG99IG|3.0|THE ROOMMATE is basically a revamped version of SINGLE WHITE FEMALE for the teen set.  Minka Kelly (the new CHARLIE's ANGELS) is pure Sarah whose new roommate Rebecca (Leighton Meester--GOSSIP GIRL) takes obssessive psychosis to new heights.<br />Under pedestrian direction by Christian Christiansen, the movie is a by-the-book piece that offers nothing original and not much suspense.  There's also little shown to explain Rebecca's mental condition.  We see her pick up a lesbian and throw gasoline on some guy we've never met.<br />Kelly and Meester try gamely to involve us and Billy Zane is a hoot as the lecherous fashion instructor.<br />In spite of its predictability, THE ROOMMATE is moderately entertaining and doesn't pull some twist ending to inspire a sequel.  It's just nothing special.
B00002N9ER|5.0|Mounted these in the rear of my Jeep Cherokee to hold my maglight. Have done an amazing job for months now. Just be gentle when inserting and removing the flash light and it will not break like other reviewers
B0051QIGP4|4.0|It's curious that although Lady GaGa's music appeals to a demographically eclectic fanbase, the artist's little monsters are almost singularly relegated to the queer and the outcast.  When the titular single debuted it seemed an inevitability that the album would become a love letter to these little monsters.  Yet in pandering to this small but rabid subset of her fans, GaGa ultimately alienates a majority of her listeners, gay and straight.  The lyric is disingenuous, as GaGa hijacks and simplifies the gay identity into what is intended as the quintessential LGBT anthem.  The musical production comes off just as half-baked, as the single amounts to a dizzying melange of sounds that throw in everything from brash gospel claps to busy techno beats.  This seemed to be an album that would shift the locus of GaGa's music from casual listeners who simply wanted to hear creative pop music to little monsters who yearned for an artist that understood their social plights.  Thankfully, any worry that Lady GaGa would forgo musical ambition for a larger social purpose is largely unrealized.      Lady GaGa has developed a sound that expertly combines genres ranging from disco to opera, techno to heavy metal, jazz to gospel.  On the album, GaGa's greatest triumph lies in her ability to twist this musical pastiche into a sound that is purely pop.  In \\"Scheisse,\\" she smartly balances a lyric about the unaccomplished goals of the feminism movement with the futuristic sounds of techno.  \\"Heavy Metal Lover\\" provides a head banging dance number by stripping down GaGa's voice and focusing on Garibay's lavish production.  And she modernizes the stomping rock of Queen with a contemporary electronic synth in \\"You and I.\\"  It is in these moments that the album is a success, that Lady GaGa recontextualizes music from the past to rejuvenate the been-there-done-that sound of today's pop.     Yes, there are moments where the music is hurried and ultimately unsure of itself.  RedOne's production of \\"Judas\\" sounds disjointed from the religious imagery that the lyrics evoke, and \\"Highway Unicorn (Road to Love)\\" is unable to decide whether it wants to be a towering rock opera or an indulgent club song.  But these moments are thankfully never as brazen or duplicitous as the leading single.  Amidst all the critical noise that she is simply copycatting better pop artists, Lady GaGa has crafted a genre-bending album that is more consistently rewarding than \\"The Fame.\\"  And her ability to combine music of the past with that of today should quell any fears that Lady GaGa's sound will cease to be as inclusive as the actual audience that listens to her music.
B002N44XSG|2.0|this book is not as good as the percy jacksom seris. it was kinda boring, and was so bad that i fell asleep as i was reading. :l
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This is one the best books (and book series) that I have ever read. The story is incredible and has a great underlying message. The characters are great as well.
0805066691|5.0|Product came before promised date.  In great condition.  No problem whatsoever with the transcation.  I recommend the Seller.
B004RRVHD6|5.0|This album is a wonderful example of an artist maturing gracefully. Yeah, Thurston can still throw down the noise with the best of them, but that's not the idea here is it? It's tempting to compare it to Beck's Sea Change, since he produced it, but it has a completely different vibe. It's not as lush and layered as that album, and it is less self indulgent, meaning no weepy lyrical content. This album is a stunner from beginning to end. Ever since I heard Winners Blues on Sonic Youth's Experimental Jet Set album, I always thought he had an album like this in him. All I can say is, if you leave your expectations at the door, you will not be disappointed!
B004LAIU4I|5.0|Paul Simon visits the world music again with great results. Interesting sounds. I recommend it highly.  Best in years.  Get it.
0062511408|5.0|Le encanto a mi mama. Es su favorito libro.
B004L79VUI|4.0|Robbie's unique whispers of vocals and guitar work, haunting.  Has some good friends to help out, including Eric Clapton.
B0000A98ZP|5.0|Must have for 80's movie collection.
0425241505|3.0|This is the start to a new paranormal series with mythical beings who walk the world side by side with humans.<br /><br />The main character is Pia who is hired (well blackmailed) to steal something. She knows it's stupid but she does it anyway . So she is sure brave. I liked her because all she wanted was to keep her secrets. She is also halfwyr and I did figure out what she really was before it was told. Trust me, you will be amused in the end. Then we got Dragos, a powerful man and a more powerful wyr. He is a dragon, rich and yes of course he is a hunk too and a total alpha. I do not say no to that. And sparks fly between these two.<br /><br />About the world then. It was an interesting world where humans thought they were alone but then the wyr and others came forward and now they live side by side. The wyr are beings who can transform into animals, well it's more like they are the animals and transformed into humans. There are different kinds and Dragos, well he has been around since the universe was created. Gotta love an older guy.<br /><br />This book is a romance after all and things to heat up between these two. He sees her and wants her. So lots of passion promised.<br /><br />And of course adventure. I can't say any more, but I did like that part.<br /><br />This book has gotten a lot of great reviews, and sure it was good. But I do confess that I did not fall as deeply as the rest of the blogging world did. Though I still enjoyed it, don't get me wrong. It was a nice paranormal romance.<br /><br />Conclusion:<br />If you like paranormal romance then I am sure you will like this book because it has just the right ingredients, wild hot passion and an alpha male to drool over.
B000P0J09M|5.0|One of the best gangsta movies ever made.
B004XCUEXY|5.0|I didn't have the chance to see this in theaters but, I saw it on VH1 and it has remained on my DVR since it was on. This was very informative and entertaining. I loved watching interviews from all past and present band members, it really shows that it's not just the\\"Dave Grohl Band\\"(which was actually the case on the first album). I love that the last part of this was the making of Wasting Light, I believe that is some of their best work. I'm just wondering if the disc includes the concert that was shown in movie theaters along with the documentary. Either way, everyone should see this. You can watch them play the new album on YouTube. Can't wait to see them on tour a little later this year.
0061122416|5.0|My favorite book of all time. I highly recommend it to anyone.
0345529057|5.0|I nearly passed on this series when I saw it had over 100 1 star reviews    Don't make that mistake! Whenever you write a review, it is suppose to tell others about the quality of the product itself. Do not give 1 star because you dislike the price for the digital version. You're not punishing Amazon; it is a blatant disservice to the author of the series!    With my rant out of the way, allow me to say that this series is fantastic! It is well written with a thoroughly though out plot.
B00008438V|5.0|A must for 80's collection.
0316056863|5.0|The first 100 pages I was mildly amused. At around 110 I laughed so hard I cried. I'm almost done with this book & I can't stop telling everyone I know to read it. I wish this book had been written for me to read as a young girl. In fact I think every young girl should read it.*** Tina's sincere moments and priceless advice came as a surprise when I expected only sarcasm & self deprecating humor. I laughed my ass off, and yet found myself profoundly inspired. So inspired in fact, I think there should be some copies of Bossypants in the self help section. Not kidding.   My only complaint, I wish it were longer longer longer! It's coming to an end far too soon, but I guess that's a mark of a good book. What a beautiful smart bad ass Tina Fey is!    ***I actually don't want to limit it to women who should read it: Really, anyone who has a soul and any sort of aspiration whatsoever will leave with something from this book, and all the while be completely entertained.
B001UFQNF0|3.0|I believe I got a Mark I car in Mark II packaging, my wheels do not fold.  Either way it is very cool and will make a great display piece.  Seems too fragile to actually play with, or hand to my nephew to play with.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|As a HUGE gaga fan you might think e bias but this album doesn't disappoint. It has a bit of 90's, 80's, pop, rock, dance, industrial all cooked into an awesome album by our sweet mother monster. if you are even a casual pop or Gaga fan you will find something interesting. Lyrically and musically this album shows a growth in Gaga and even a very experimental side, which I good!
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|had to force close and it locked my phone (droid x) . had to take out the battery to reset.  uninstalled.
B0000009XP|5.0|Another reviewer wrote that Buddy Guy is \\"In Hendrix and Clapton's league\\"<br /><br />That is a little like saying Johnny Cash is in Brad Paisley's league.<br />(And I don't mean ANY disrespect to Mr Paisley there)<br /><br />Buddy was doing incendiary guitar while Jimi and Eric were in short pants!<br />Those guys - Jimi and Eric - credit Buddy as a major influence.<br />Hendrix was undeniably excellent.  But he admired Buddy and copied some of his style.<br /><br />Clapton:<br />GREAT guitarist? Yes.<br />GOOD blues guitartist? Yes.<br />Great BLUES guitarist? Not so much.<br />Clapton is in the top 100; Buddy is in the top 3.<br /><br />I think of it this way: If there was a Doctorate Degree in Blues Guitar, Eric would graduate with top honors; he knows the 'rules' and plays exceptionally well within them.<br /><br />If a note needs to be bent to a certain pitch to be perfect `by the book', then Clapton will hit it 100% perfectly every time.<br /><br />Buddy, on the other hand, will bend it to 99.7%.  Your toes will curl, you nerves will tingle, and your soul will soar.<br /><br />Eric plays with perfect precision.<br />Buddy plays with perfect precision *AND* raw passion.<br />At the end of the day, that is what the BLUES the is about.<br /><br />Stone Crazy is a PERFECT example of that.<br /><br />(And if you want a more recent example, check out 'Cut You Loose' on the 'Bring 'Em In' album)
0425241505|4.0|I made a mistake before reading this book and I wish I wouldn't have. Usually when I know that I'll be reading a book soon, I stay far away from reviews and conversations about the book. It's not that I'm afraid I'll be spoiled, it's just that I don't want to go into a book looking for a positive or a negative that someone else had. Often I'll find myself focusing on things that I never would have noticed on my own, and I hate that. I want to go in blind and see what my raw reaction is.    Since I know this about myself, I rarely break this unwritten rule. But almost all of my Goodreads friends were reading this book! It seemed to be everywhere I looked on blogs and the status updates on Goodreads were too tempting to resist! So...I admit it, I cracked. I read all those updates and all of the resulting conversations. And my expectations started ramping up. I heard Dragos compared time and time again to Raphael from the Guild Hunter series by Nalini Singh. If it had been one or two people, I probably would have ignored it, but there were a lot of them saying that.    It's not that Dragos was a bad hero, it's just that I was expecting something else when I heard him likened to Raphael. I expected him to be dark, intense, and kind of scary. Even though I liked him, I felt like I was always waiting for that intensity. I just wish I hadn't gone in expecting something else. The book suffered because I spent so much time looking for something that it lacked. Don't be like me, people. Don't let your expectations get the best of you.    Despite not seeing intensity in Dragos, I did see a lot to like. I loved how the author wrote him with such an animalistic personality. His behavior didn't always fit with acceptable human behavior, but Pia took the differences in him well. His refusal to tell anyone--even his men--too much information about Pia was an example of the little quirks that made him seem dragon-like. He was secretive, jealously protective of what he considered \\"his\\", and could be cold when the situation warranted it. I probably would have found the split second mood swings irritating in another man, but it didn't bother me with Dragos. It just served as a nice example of how alien his thinking and behavior could be.    I was very hesitant about Pia in the beginning. I think I was supposed to sympathize with her, but I found her kind of whiny and irritating. The more I read about her, the more I liked her, but I continued to have problems with her throughout the book and never quite loved her the way most did.    I found it irritating that her behavior and personality seemed to vary throughout the book. She was strong and mouthy one minute, and overwhelmed and giving up the next. I didn't need to her to be a badass, but I needed some consistency. She was incredibly impressive in a scene involving the goblins--I loved that whole interlude--but then she turned around and gave up after they were free. It was so frustrating! And did anyone else notice how often she slept and left Dragos to handle the situation in times of crisis?    Although I had issues with the characters, I liked Pia and Dragos together. They meshed well and they were refreshingly straightforward about their attraction to each other. It seemed a little abrupt in the beginning, but I just shrugged and went with it. Their playfulness and joking made their interactions fun and the chemistry between them was great. I laughed when Pia tried to teach Dragos manners and loved watching Dragos try to accustom himself to caring about her and wanting to please her.    I really liked the side characters and was pleased that they were more than just sequel bait. They were a lot of fun--especially the next book's heroine, Tricks--and I loved that they were different from the shifters normally seen in PNR. Dragos's team had gryphons, a gargoyle, thunderbirds (awesome!), and even a harpy. I'm really curious to get to see a thunderbird in the next book because I've never readabout one before. I thought they all became BFF's with the heroine a little too easily, but that's not exactly unique to this book. I frequently find myself with that complaint in PNR.    I was very impressed with the author for choosing such unique paranormal species. I spent the whole book trying to figure out what Pia was and why her mom was so worried about her keeping it a secret. I had a few guesses, but I never came close. Kudos to the author for trying something so different!    There was a surprise development between Pia and Dragos that cropped up very close to the end. I did not like the fact that it was included at all. It almost dropped my grade to a 3 ½, but I enjoyed the rest of the book enough to not let it get to me that much. I just thought it was unnecessary and I had no sympathy for Pia's irrational behavior.    Although I didn't love it as much as most, and found the overall tone more light and funny than intense, I still thought it was a fun new PNR. I'm really looking forward to trying out the next book because Tricks was hilarious in this one. If you're on the fence about this one, I say try it out. Besides, it has dragons! That's so infrequent that I snatch them up whenever I hear about them.    Favorite Quote:        He dug his fingers into her hair and lifted up the strands. \\"I want some of your hair.\\"        She lifted her head. \\"What?\\"        \\"I said I want some of your hair. Give me a lock and I'll forgive you for breaking and entering.\\"        \\"Oh-kay. Sure.\\" She squinted at him. \\"So I give you a lock of my hair, take you to the Elven border and drop you off?\\"        He laughed. \\"I never said I was letting you go. I just said I'll forgive you.\\"        \\"I knew that had to be too easy,\\" she muttered. \\"You're just not a straight road, are you?\\"      *Review originally posted on Fiction Vixen.*
B004EBT5CU|5.0|21 is a great album overall.   The first track \\"Rolling in the Deep\\" may be the first single and most known song but not the only jewel here.  \\"Rumour Has It\\" will bring up images of Motown's great past and \\"One and Only\\" is a unique and inspiring love song suitable for downloading and sending to someone as a love letter.  The cover of The Cure's \\"Lovesong\\" is the most original I have heard.  A wonderful mix of Adele's soulful voice and Spanish-style guitar.  Excellent album.
B0009K7QZ8|5.0|Me gusta mucho, es de muy buena calidad, definitivamente muy bueno.<br />I really like, is of very good quality, definitely very good.
B0051QIGP4|1.0|So I downloaded it. I thought, oh wow! That's really cheap!  But then it won't download to ANYTHING.  Not iTunes, the Amazon Player.... anything.  And when I saved it, it won't play.  I keep trying to re-download it but it doesn't work!!!  I purchased this album with an Opera Web Browser this morning when they said it was working again.   What a rip.
B000002U82|1.0|Syd was pink floyd and this album is a cash cow, mainstream disgrace. Can't stand these PF fans who get all violent when you slag off at their music gods. The woman doing the backing vocals is appalling and annoying. I think people like this album because they feel they have to - sad really. Iggy is the real god and would blow them off the stage in a split second with the stooges. This music is not even good to fall asleep to with that wailing woman... no stars (if I could).
B004SBQAL0|1.0|Worst movie Ive ever seen....better watch some cartoons in order to waste your time in something more prolific.<br /><br />Trust me.<br /><br />********EDITED***********<br /><br />Well, after receiving some comments about my review, I think I will try again.<br />It is NOT the worst movie Ive ever seen, I was a little over the top on that, but I really did not like the movie. Although I respect the hard work of the people involved in this project (thank GOD we do movies in Hollywood), something didnt work properly. I believe the acting was poor, the relationship between the two main characters didnt show any hint of evolution. Was it love at first sight maybe?<br />The plot evolves so slow that once you get to the main action, it does not fit in the story. Its like \\"wake them up with a few explosions\\". But, let me say that the effects were REALLY GOOD, I did like that. There isnt enough background story about the other planet, or the situation they are in. It just happens. Some may like this kind of introduction, but I was expecting something else.<br />Perhaps Iam wrong, and I was hoping for something that wasnt there at the beginning.<br />Who knows...next time maybe.<br /><br />Dear Red Baron, the word Prolific means(in english) : \\"Highly productive\\"<br /><br />Peace, always.
054531058X|5.0|I haven't read much since high school and college but then I found this book from a friend recommendation and it was amazing.  I couldn't put it down.
B004K4AUZW|4.0|Gaga really has grown up with 80's music, you can tell on this album how much she loves 80's music. Gaga is bringing back 80's music which is good, because I've missed it. She has amazing influences. Lady Gaga has talent, you just have to see it. I recommend the Special Edition of Born This way, it's worth the extra. The Fame was a great debut album, she did fall down a little bit on Born This Way, because it sounds a lot like Madonna, even though, I like it, because I've missed Madonna's 80's music, but I will say no one will ever replace Madonna. Maybe Gaga will go in a different direction musically with her next album, because I think her fans need that. I give this album 4/5 stars, because there is a few songs I don't like, but I do like most of the album. I would say at least check this album out. My favorite songs on this album are:<br /><br />1. Marry The Night<br />2. Fashion of His Love<br />3. Bad Kids<br />4. Electric Chapel<br />5. Bloody Mary<br />6. Born This Way
B004RJMUJO|4.0|I honestly thought this game was going to be stupid and the only reason I downloaded it was because it was the free app of the day. I an glad I did because this game really is fun. I gave it 4 stars because I don't think there are enough unlocks.
0061134007|4.0|In an early scene, Harry Hole releases the safety on his Smith & Wesson revolver-- which would not have a safety.  Later, there is a reference to a \\"clip\\" for a revolver(?)  Waaler plants a Glock, which is also described as a revolver. I don't think Glock makes a revolver.  And, seems that the mysterious Marklin rifle is purely fictitious.  Maybe the terms were misused by the translator.
B000GY729M|5.0|This is the Killers best record.  This record doesn't have the filler that the first one had and can be listened from the beginning to the end without a single low point.  Every song was thought out.  Brandon Flowers actually becomes a great singer on this record as well.  His voice has matured greatly since Hot Fuss.  Brandon Flowers is a songwriting genius.  He along with Alex Turner and Julian Casablancas form the 3 best writers of this generation.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|Born this way is the best album I've ever bought. It comes with 22 songs, and each individual song is pure genious. Many of the standouts of the album include Born This Way, Judas, Marry the Night, Schiesse, Americano, but in my opinion they're all fantastic. It is a very wholesome album, covering numerous genres, and it includes a second disc with great remixes. 5 stars
B004SBS8LA|1.0|last update is really glitche on the Droid incredible, works great on all other maps, just not the beach volly
B004A8ZX2S|4.0|*This contains some spoilers...kind of. It's difficult to spoil a film like this*<br /><br />I had never seen a Terrence Malick film before The Tree of Life. Despite not having any sort of expectations, the final product still wasn't what I imagined it would be. The trailer didn't really reveal much of anything either, at least as far as the story is concerned. Brad Pitt plays the father of a boy who eventually grows up to be Sean Penn. That's about it. While The Tree of Life may come off as slightly pretentious and more than a little overbearing, it's difficult to argue that it isn't exactly that. But at least it offers an incredible cinematic vision in the meantime.<br /><br />The cinematography in The Tree of Life is truly mesmerizing. Every frame seems to tell its own unique story thanks to the way it was shot and the vibrant colors that are used throughout the film. Malick has a way of making things like trees, waterfalls, and shadows seem way more spectacular than they really are. There's a fascination with the third person perspective as we're constantly staring at the back of the actors as they react to the extraordinary world around them. Everything in the film just seems to be so full of life.<br /><br />Less delightful things in life are shown in a fantastic light, as well. Devastation and how it's portrayed is one of them. Jessica Chastain's emotionally powerful reaction to the letter she receives in addition to Brad Pitt's face slowly melting into a look of both recognition and sorrow as the sun bathes his look of despair as he receives this news over the phone illustrates this point to perfection. Dying trees and the way their branches plague the sky leave a fairly large impact, as well. Then there's the use of colors in the film. There's a heavy use of green for scenes that take place in the past while shades of gray are littered throughout the present. White is also used to symbolize innocence. Clouds and the sky in general are utilized throughout the film while skyscrapers seem to replace trees in present day. Perhaps the most enthralling visuals are the scenes in space. The magnitude and vast infatuation of watching nebulae, planets, stars, and life from space as the film offers is something marvelous in itself.<br /><br />The story is where the film stumbles. We're shown various different circles of life, so to speak, but the O'Brien family fits in there somewhere amongst outer space and dinosaurs and their story comes off a little forced rather than natural. Jack's childhood takes a front seat as we see him get into mischief with his friends and brothers and we eventually watch him develop issues towards his father, but it doesn't really go much deeper than that. A tragic event seems to bring the family together just as much as it pushes them apart. We're shown some of the trials and tribulations of life, but the story doesn't feel like it goes nearly as deep as the visuals do. The ending doesn't provide much closure either. Is Jack in heaven? Is this just his way of letting go of the past? Maybe it's just a way to symbolize his thoughts and emotional process? Is it acceptance? All of the above? The Tree of Life just left something to be desired when it came to its story.<br /><br />The Tree of Life is beautifully shot and eloquently acted, but is a lot to take in and feels twice as long as its 138-minute duration. The film's score is breathtaking. In addition to its use of Brahms and original pieces, simple sounds like birds and wind chimes and nothing more during certain scenes made the film sound and feel like an expression of life itself rather than just appear to look like it. The Tree of Life is incredibly abstract yet gorgeous and engrossing. It just has trouble finding its footing when it comes to storytelling.seem to replace trees in present day. Perhaps the most enthralling visuals are the scenes in space. The magnitude and vast infatuation of watching nebulae, planets, stars, and life from space as the film offers is something marvelous in itself.    The story is where the film stumbles. We're shown various different circles of life, so to speak, but the O'Brien family fits in there somewhere amongst outer space and dinosaurs and their story comes off a little forced rather than natural. Jack's childhood takes a front seat as we see him get into mischief with his friends and brothers and we eventually watch him develop issues towards his father, but it doesn't really go much deeper than that. A tragic event seems to bring the family together just as much as it pushes them apart. We're shown some of the trials and tribulations of life, but the story doesn't feel like it goes nearly as deep as the visuals do. The ending doesn't provide much closure either. Is Jack in heaven? Is this just his way of letting go of the past? Maybe it's just a way to symbolize his thoughts and emotional process? Is it acceptance? All of the above? The Tree of Life just left something to be desired when it came to its story.    The Tree of Life is beautifully shot and eloquently acted, but is a lot to take in and feels twice as long as its 138-minute duration. The film's score is breathtaking. In addition to its use of Brahms and original pieces, simple sounds like birds and wind chimes and nothing more during certain scenes made the film sound and feel like an expression of life itself rather than just appear to look like it. The Tree of Life is incredibly abstract yet gorgeous and engrossing. It just has trouble finding its footing when it comes to storytelling.
B004NSULHM|3.0|Opting to buy the 'newspaper edition' i was able to download the songs prior to official newspaper album release. The songs do not stand out as they have a blip, electronic foundation of sampling. After giving time to the songs I had hoped they would grow on me, though I felt it was one of the more Tom's personal albums like Eraser. I suspect if you liked Eraser,  you will probably enjoy this album as well.     After receiving the the 'newspaper' edition of the album which contained the album on LP's, and the CD version along with a newspaper made from the songs and subject matter of the album. It isn't a typical newspaper and it even states in the newspaper that the materials are 'not meant to last'. In short the 'experience' of the album is what is to be considered. It is not collectible other then the LP's.     In the end, I was disappointed. I am more a fan of Kid A, Amnesiac, and Rainbows and this is more of Eraser and felt less like Raidohead as a band.    Give it a listen and judge for yourself.
B0051QIGP4|5.0|Love this entire album, just like I loved her last entire album.  Im a fairly new Gaga fan and truthfully I didnt know who she was until a couple summers ago.  When I heard her music it reminded me of how music used to be fun, about dancing and letting go.  Just hearing it makes you want to move, and it somehow imbibes you with confidence, even if you're a shy person. I can't dance and I dont club because Im a dork and I feel unsexy.  Gaga's music makes me feel sexy, and that's hard to do, lol.<br /><br />What I love about this particular album is I feel it speaks to some serious, heartfelt issues in us all.  We all want to be ourselves, we all want to be loved, we all want to feel gorgeous and awesome.  We want to feel like we matter to someone.  The tracks on Born This Way are for everyone who's ever felt down about themselves for any reason. It's for everyone who didn't have a perfect childhood, for everyone who still feels like a dorky kid at the ripe age of 30, etc.  When LG sings to you, you feel it, and that's a very rare quality in any singer.<br /><br />I dont really understand all the fuss over \\"this is too Madonna\\", etc.  Madonna was one of the originals to do what she did, but she's not the first to break any molds.  Madge has sort of passed her prime as the 'go to' of female pop royalty.  Im totally ok with a new face taking over those power reins, especially someone as talented as Gaga.  Even if her music or taste isnt to your liking, you have to admit, this woman can siiiiing.  I enjoy her voice far more than I ever did Madonna's, and I love Madonna, always have.  She made the same splashes in the same way, but in a different time.  Not everyone today had the joy of the Blond Ambition Tour, but they can enjoy the Monster Ball in the same way :).<br /><br />Anyways, from someone unbiased and unaffected by media oversat, whatever, this album is fantastic.  I love the beats, love the lyrics, love the voice.  It just about kicks ass like a flaming boot made of meat.  If you'd like some fun AND heartfelt music to make you feel sexy, BTW definitely wont let you down.<br /><br />Im a little monster from here on out :E  &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3ke some fun AND heartfelt music to make you feel sexy, BTW definitely wont let you down.    Im a little monster from here on out :E  <3 <3 <3
B004K4AUZW|5.0|The album is amazing. If you liked any of her previous works, then this is going to rock your world. The album is super synth heavy and cuts through like a saw beam. The album is full of hits I can't wait to see how many go straight to the top. Gaga did a fantastic job of proving why she is on top of the world. She has taken her singing to a new level as well. All killer no filler. 20 million facebook fans couldn't be wrong.
006016848X|4.0|This book was really good from the start. It gave me new insights about myself and about the opposite sex. I would say it is a must have for any relationship. It can help make things work or make things work better.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|After reading other reviews, I was surprised by the small size of the backpack. But, once I started putting my gear in the pack, I realized it holds everything I own. It holds two camera bodies, my 400mm lens, and two smaller lenses with all the little extras. This is a great little backpack!!
1595826971|5.0|I got an eGalley of this book from Dark Horse through NetGalley(dot)com.  I loved the artwork from the first video game, [[ASIN:B00004UE0V American McGee's Alice]], and this book goes into great detail on how the artwork was designed and detailed for the second game Alice: The Madness Returns.  The artwork was absolutely stunning, it has a very dark overtone to it, and the explanations about artistic decisions that were made are engaging and interesting.<br /><br />I am always a bit surprised about how much planning and work goes into the art for certain video games.  This second game in American McGee's Alice series, [[ASIN:B004CDBP9G Alice: Madness Returns]], had an incredible amount of thought put into the artwork.<br /><br />Not only is the artwork absolutely breathtaking, it is also very iteresting to see the different renditions of things and to see how the art progressed as planning for the game evolved.  There is a whole chapter just on Alice and her dress and all the thought that went into how Alice would portray the game.  There are chapters on the worlds and why they were decided on and how they were built.<br /><br />The developers went to great lengths to make sure scenarios from the first game are echoed and portrayed similarly in this game; it is apparent that this is the Wonderland Alice originally went to but somewhat changed.<br /><br />This is a very dark book filled with very dark artwork.  If you are a fan of the first video game you know this is dark.  That being said some of the images are scary and disturbing; probably not a book you want to look through with a young child.<br /><br />Overall I was very impressed with this artbook.  The art is stunning, the explanations behind it interesting, and the whole thing is very nicely put together.  Everything is well-written and easy to read.  This is a great book to pick up if you are a fan of dark fantasy art.  It is also a great book to pick up if you are a fan of this game series.  This book made me look forward to the game release of [[ASIN:B004CDBP9G Alice: Madness Returns]] (out in June 2011) even more!of [[ASIN:B004CDBP9G Alice: Madness Returns]] (out in June 2011) even more!
014241722X|3.0|This is a wonderful fun book for children, I enjoyed it but just a little young for me.  It still made a good read.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Suzanne Collins tells a story that is difficult to put down.  I usually read a chapter and put the book down.  I couldn't do that with Hunger Games because I cared about Katniss, Primrose, Rue and Peeta too much to leave them when I didn't know what might happen them.  One reviewer said parents wouldn't allow such a thing to happen and stand by doing nothing.  But there is much more reality to this story than may be immediately apparent.  For centuries parents have watched helplessly, and even sometimes with pride, as their children have been required by ruling authorities to go off and fight wars that are more often about power games than about saving the world from evil.  Now, we can literally watch as real battles are being fought. Sometimes we even see someone killed on camera.  True, most of it isn't live action, but some is.  Put that together with reality T.V. shows like \\"Survivor\\" where, although no one is murdering anyone else - yet, there are definitely backstabbing and cutthroat tactics that are used.  And the person who uses such tactics is heralded if he/she wins.  We also have to acknowledge that there are people who get off on seeing a racetrack crash where people are injured or killed.  There are many ways in which it's possible to see the scenario portrayed in Hunger Games as being very believable.
B0041KKYDI|4.0|I just watched this movie and I have to say I am in awe of how he was able to keep his head about him given the circumstances.  If it were me, I would have screamed for a while and dropped from exhaustion and dehydration.  Some have complained of it being slow in the middle, but I think that was the point-to make us go through what he was going through in as exact a manner as possible.  I think Franco caught his casual attitude, which gave way to determination perfectly.  Overall, a wonderful story about determination
B00028HBKM|3.0|The Passion of the Christ (Widescreen Edition) was good in terms of video and sound quality. But in the specification it said that \\"spanish subtitles were included\\". This is wrong. I ordered it twice as the people from Amazon suggested me to do qith a link they provided to me and again I received a DVD with NO SPANISH SUTITLES.
0679805273|5.0|This is a classic for graduates, milestones in life, or any occasion that warrants a little introspection.  Great gift for graduates especially.
B0051QIGP4|4.0|I was skeptical at first and to be honest, turned off by most of the songs ... but you've gotta listen through. It actually has grown on me. New and different, which is actually refreshing in our post Rebecca Black musical landscape.
0393327345|5.0|Someone on here said Fight Club is the most cleverly disguised self-help book in history. And I couldn't agree more. Breakout of your cultural prison. Give Up. Hit Bottom.<br /><br />and then read Ishmael by Daniel Quinn
B0035V35P8|2.0|This film could have been really good if they just dialed back the CGI.    In fact, the film just took too many things a step too far.    If I were a 14 yr old boy, i'd probably think this was the best ninja movie ever.  Unfortunately, I'm in my 30s and have half a brain.      Film feels more like \\"anime\\" than a movie. In fact, it probably would have been better if it were anime.  The story, feel, and violence is just too cartoony to work in the real world.  Including the contrived ending.      If you are in the mood for completely mindless action and a story that feels a tad   forced, then by all means, get this movie.  Otherwise, this is an easy pass.    amnightus
B004LUHQ1G|5.0|I'm not one to exaggerate. This is one of the top 5 rock albums to come out this century. And without any doubt Foo Fighters best work.
0316069485|3.0|This novel features two of Connelly's favorite characters teaming up together: defense attorney Mickey Haller and his half-brother LAPD detective Harry Bosch. Connelly has written over a dozen Harry Bosch mystery novels from The Black Echo in 1992 up to Nine Dragons published in 2009. This is his third legal thriller featuring Mickey Haller, the first two being The Lincoln Lawyer and The Brass Verdict.    I've read quite a few Connelly novels and, not surprisingly, prefer the books that feature the courtroom over the police station.  The previously mentioned two Haller novels were filled with imaginative plot twists, engaging characters, believable courtroom scenes, and edge-of-your-seat tension.    Not so with The Reversal. In this book, Mickey Haller, the underdog defense attorney in the previous novels, has switched sides and becomes a special prosecutor. His job is to retry Jason Jessup, a convicted child killer who, because of new DNA evidence, is now free for the first time in twenty-four years.    And that's the problem with this book right there in a nutshell. Despite Haller being the same witty, intelligent, impassioned and likable guy in earlier books; and even though he gets to work with the hard-nosed and dedicated Bosch as his investigator; never mind even that he convinces his ex-wife to be his second chair - the basic plot problem still exists: Haller is the prosecutor.    Despite how engaging he is as the book's central character and how evil the convicted child killer is portrayed, it's difficult to root for the prosecutor. Most legal thrillers have the defense attorney as the lead character because we all love to cheer on the underdog. On the other side of the aisle, the prosecutor is the Goliath that's supposed to win. It's tough to generate interest for the heavy favorite.    But Connelly never fails to make it engaging. He describes the first meeting of the main characters while giving insight into their personalities.    The door opened and Bosch turned. Mickey Haller steps into the room. Bosch did a double take. Not because he didn't recognize Haller. They were half brothers and he easily knew him on sight. But seeing Haller in the DAs office was one of those images that didn't quite make sense. Heller was a criminal defense attorney. He fit in at the DAs office about as well as a cat did at the dog pound.                \\"I know,\\" Haller said. \\"You're thinking, what in the hell is this?\\"                Smiling, Haller moved to McPherson's side of the table and started pulling out a chair. Then Bosch remembered how he knew McPherson's name.    \\"You two...,\\" Bosch said. \\"You were married, right?\\"    \\"That's right,\\" Haller said. \\"Eight wonderful years.\\"    \\"And what, she's prosecuting Jessup and you're defending him? Isn't that a conflict of interest?\\"    Haller's smile became a broad grin.    \\"It would only be a conflict if we were opposing each other, Harry. But we're not. We're prosecuting him. Together. I'm first chair. Maggie's second. And we want you to be our investigator.\\"    Bosch was completely confused.    \\"Wait a minute. You're not a prosecutor. This doesn't --\\"    \\"I am not an appointed independent prosecutor, Harry. It's all legit. I wouldn't be sitting here if it weren't. We're going after Jessup and we want you to help us.\\"    Bosh pulled out a chair and slowly sat down.    \\"From what I heard, this case is beyond help. Unless you're telling me Jessup rigged the DNA test.\\"    \\"No, we're not telling you that,\\" McPherson said. \\"We did our own testing and matching. His results were correct. It wasn't his DNA on the victim's dress.\\"    \\"But that doesn't mean we've lost the case,\\" Haller quickly added.    Bosch looked from McPherson to Haller and then back again. He was clearly missing something.    \\"Then whose DNA was it?\\" he asked.    McPherson glanced sideways at Haller before answering.    \\"Her stepfather's,\\" she said. \\"He's dead now but we believe there is an explanation for why his semen wasfound on his stepdaughter's dress.\\"    Haller leaned urgently across the table.    \\"An explanation that still leaves room to reconvict Jessup of the girl's murder.\\"    Bosch thought for a moment and the image of his own daughter flashed in his mind. He knew there were certain kinds of evil in the world that had to be contained, no matter the hardship. A child killer was at the top of that list.    \\"Okay,\\" he said. \\"I'm in.\\"    Despite the major plot premise shortcoming of having Haller become a single-case prosecutor, the novel is skillfully written and full of insightful trial tactics and engaging courtroom skirmishes. And while it may not be the best legal thriller you've ever read, it's still better than anything you'll watch on television.
B00018D44U|5.0|I am not going to write a lengthy review. I will say that I think this is my favorite Norah Jones CD. In this day and age I am very glad we have a few artist that I actually like and Norah is one of if not my favorite, She can sing, and makes great music. Recording is very well done which makes it sound oh so good on a great sound system.<br />I design and make My own speakers so I guess you could say I am into that kind of thing. I have a friend who likes way harder music than I do and He actually likes Norah also.  When describing Her voice I agree Billy Holiday is fairly close and a complement.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|This movie in blu-ray is my favorite movie of all time. No complaints, awesome acting and amazing graphics. Very excited for the new Batman movie.
B001N1DPDE|5.0|great knife for all around jobs i go huntin camping and fishing an  im starting to go hiking this knife meets all my expectations had it for about 8 months and have nothing bad to say 1095 steel kicks azz to very easy to maintain
B002T9H2L0|5.0|I bought two of these, one for myself and one for my brother in law overseas... He and I both love the movie.
B004FN7ZOC|5.0|Amon Amarth delivers yet another album full of bone-crushing music to invade foreign countries too. If you're looking for something to slip in the cd player while grinding through another day of raiding, pillaging and rampaging around the countryside in search of wealth and power, then this album is for you. It would be easy to dismiss this as just that - viking themed metal, but the guys in Amon Amarth do manage to treat the subject matter with some thought and care, including a wide range of historical musings and a careful retelling of the old myths. Track 3 - Destroyer of the Universe could be the new theme song for almost any new RPG, its perfect for blasting while you hack and slash your way through any online dungeon. Track 4 - Slaves of Fear wouldn't be out of place on a Slayer album lyrically and frankly I'd almost be willing to offer the traditional blond-haired, blue-eyed, virgin sacrifice to see them cover it. Track-10 Doom over Dead Man offers up a little something different then their usual fast-paced slaughter, a somber orchestral line with lyrics full of regret and introspection about a life worth less then first believed. Apocalyptica fans will find it to their tastes and I'm hopeful they'll grace it with a video. I suppose it occupies the traditional \\"ballad\\" slot on this metal album, but it manages to do so with a more sanguine then sacchirine style. I haven't had time to check out the DVD yet, but I'm sure it won't disappoint.
0345529057|5.0|Martin is incredible writer,    these books even at 30 dollars more alone would be worth it for set of 4, their incredible and tons of pages per book in all chapters, Book 5 Dance of Dragons comes out and cant wait in July 2011, he orginally was doing 4 books then 5 then said 7.    Hes 62 I just Pray his health lasts and he doesnt have writers block gets book 6 done in few years and then book 7 final book after that.    Im also hopeing HBO WHO renewed Season 2 already, does all 7 of his books at the quality of season 1, some the books Martin has already said are so long that may take HBO 2 seasons to do each book or they have to do longer season like maybe 15 to 21 shows per season to do books right or split some the books up at 2 seasons each book for some them due to their length.    Also at 19.99 and change if have prime this box set paperback is steal mean steal, untill hardbook new book comes in July book 5 dance of the dragons.
B004OVDVBQ|5.0|This is the first book in a long time that I actually couldn't put down. I was unable to sleep until I knew Catherine would triumph. My heart was racing through each character's experiences and at one stage was worried about my blood pressure!! I thoroughly enjoyed the story from start to finish and found each character to be brilliantly portrayed.
B000002AVF|5.0|This CD of Mariah's was my abslout favorite of her's in the 90's! I love alot of her songs on this album that has great melody and beats to alot of her songs to make them to be so pure and define to match her voice real well. Daydream Interlude makes you feel like you are in a Daydream World and Fantasy makes you like like you are in your own World and in your own Zone fantasizes something special and wonderful. This was 1 of her Best albums in the 90's! Mariah carey is 1 of the Best Artist of the 90's!!!!!
0375507256|2.0|They want you to give these books little stars and that is so often inadequate and misleading.  I would like to give this book a Z or something like that.  There are brilliant aspects of the book, particularly in the first three sections.  I thought the musically talented scoundrel was very well done.  He came to life for me as a character.   I was really looking forward to the unraveling of the Louisa Rey mystery.  But then, or dear, we find ourselves in the future.  That is always a dead end for a novel.  The problem with dystopian allegories is that they cannot be other than formulaic.  There can be no fully realized characters in them, only the familiar stereotypes.  The problem is that society is always so much more complicated than these self-consciously clever satires.  I saw an apt bumper sticker the other day that proclaimed George Orwell the optimist.  It is true.  These projections are always optimistic because they rely on the consciousness of an observer who can see beyond the perceptions of his species.  That does not happen.  We are trapped in our humanity and must struggle along with our limited understanding.  The shared limitations of human perception makes a novel worth reading.      On the other hand, the dystopian future is a well-established formula and all fiction in this genre simply plugs in familiar parts.  There is always some smug, stupid ruling class who exploit a group of sentient beings.  The ruling class always imagines the slaves are not capable of complex thought, but the slaves always turn out to be a thousand times smarter than the ruling class.  It is just variations on \\"Planet of the Apes\\" and it does not really have anywhere to go but down.  And down it goes to Sloosha's Crossing.  This chapter comes in the middle of the book, but it is actually the end.  Why go on?  So humanity will be reduced to groveling inarticulately in the dirt.  The end.    The Sloosha's Crossing chapter is also particularly  tedious because the authordecides to invent a dialect for the characters to speak.  Here is an example: \\"I planted by first babbit up Jayjo from Cutter Foot Dwellin' under a lemon tree one a-sunny day.\\"  It goes on and on like that.  Unreadable.  Any author tempted to use dialect should be directed to go read Faulkner's \\"As I Lay Dying\\" or the Snopes trilogy.  This is how it is done.  No one wants to read page after page of inarticulate gibberish.  Writing this stuff is indeed self-indulgent.  Faulkner showed the way on this and there is no excuse now for engaging in these made up dialects.    When you get past Sloosha's Crossing and start backing up in time, I simply do not see the point.  What difference does it make what went before if this is where it is heading?  There is nothing at stake anymore.  At this point, the author gets so caught up in the cleverness of his construction that he forgets to engage his with his readers.  The construction is the whole point of the exercise and it is a disappointing performance.
1401922732|5.0|If you are new to reading with angel cards and do not know which Doreen Virtue angel deck to start off with I HIGHLY recommend this one... Archangel Micheal's guidance is very loud, clear and to the point... this is why i recommend these cards over any other deck!!! Because you can't deny the messages you get when you using the decks the messages will just keep coming to you.. you will not miss it.. its EXCELLENT for a beginner angel reader or oracle reader. I do angel readings using oracle cards for my friends and family and I would always get stuck during readings.... but ever since i got this deck I get CLEAR answers and I can clearly hear Michael whispering in my ear... There is no denying it. I remember once I was reading for a friend and I heard Michael say \\" She's on the right path\\" and one of the first two cards that came up was the card \\" You're on the right path\\" I also looked at the spread and got the feel for the answer RIGHT away.. I knew what to say .... at times I feel i'm seriously channeling him and he speaks through me. I never experienced that with my other angel cards (I OWN ALL of Doreen Virtue's angel cards and have worked with them for more than five years)
B003R4ZMNQ|5.0|\\"Hawaii Five-O\\" reimagines the popular 1970's TV series into present day Hawaii, with stories ripped from the headlines on terrorism, criminal gangs, official corruption, and murder.  \\"Hawaii Five-O\\" ended up the highest ranked new drama of the 2010-2011 season, now available on DVD for anyone who missed it.<br /><br />The show begins with Navy Lieutenant Commander Steve McGarrett, son of the now retired head of the Honolulu Police Department, on a mission to bring in a known terrorist arms dealer, only to be blackmailed over the phone by the man's brother, who is holding the elder McGarrett hostage.  Both the brother and the father end up dead.  The young McGarrett, an angry SEAL, returns to Hawaii for revenge. He learns that his father was involved in a far reaching investigation into official corruption, and ends up appointed by the Governor of Hawaii to run his own elite investigative task force outside police channels.  McGarrett (played by a superbly cast Alex O'Loughlin) is joined by Chin Ho (Daniel Dae Kim), a disgraced former Honolulu cop; Chin's rookie cop cousin Kono (Grace Park); and misplaced New Jersey cop Danny (Danno) Williams (Scott Caan).  In late season, Jenna Kaye (Larisa Oleynik) joined the cast as an intelligence analyst.  O'Loughlin and Caan turn out to be a superbly mismatched (and funny) buddy team.<br /><br />The show offers weekly police procedural drama, set against the lovely landscape and unique culture of Hawaii.  One connecting thread is Five-O's follow-up on the elder McGarrett's investigation, which leads them to the smooth but ruthless mobster Wo Fat.  A second theme is the redemption of Chin Ho, cashiered from HPD for corruption but in fact left holding the bag for another officer.  A third thread is Danny Williams' effort to stay close to his young daughter and his divorced wife.<br /><br />The Five-O task force makes its own rules and plays hard, in the process making lots of enemies.  In the devastating cliffhanger season finale, Wu Fat lays a clever trap and takes his revenge, leaving the team in a shambles.  Fortunately, \\"Hawaii Five-O\\" was renewed for a second season.  \\"Hawaii Five-O: The First Season\\" is highly recommended to its fans.r trap and takes his revenge, leaving the team in a shambles.  Fortunately, \\"Hawaii Five-O\\" was renewed for a second season.  \\"Hawaii Five-O: The First Season\\" is highly recommended to its fans.
B000002UWL|5.0|Being an original PSB well wisher and enjoyer (fan is just short for fanatic,which I am not) from the time I first heard \\"West End Girls\\" sometime in 1986 they were one of the first pop groups that caught my attention and how I perceive pop in general to this day. With their first three albums,in particular their previous album to this [[ASIN:B000002UTK Introspective]] Pet Shop Boys were essentially a cinamatic 80's synth dance-techno/pop act to most of the music scene,also one of the earliest popularizers of the house music scene people forgot that they were pop craftsmen first before club kids-Neil Tennent in particular. This album,their first of the 90's decade really emphasizes a musical change in priorities from one to the other. Also there's a personel reason for my feelings about this album. At the time this came out there were questions as to my own personel \\"behavior\\" so the albums title,which actually referred to the albums sociologically inclined lyrical content said quite a lot to me as an individual.<br /><br />  Being a personal favorite of the Tennant/Lowe pair according to the documentary [[ASIN:B000J4OYRW Pet Shop Boys: Life in Pop]] you can tell they were looking at something more musically creative than a hit album. And it did have hits. But as an album it is very much unheralded. Featuring co-production by fusion artist Harold Faltermeyer (yes the \\"Axel F\\" guy) as well as some arrangements from [[ASIN:B000002LMM Twin Peaks]] arranger Angelo Badalementi this album,by and large is somewhat slower than previous Pet Shop Boy releases in tempo and often softer in terms of sound. That's not to say it's a collection of ballads. The biggest hits here \\"Being Boring\\" and \\"How Do You Expect To Be Taken Seriously\\" actually featured rhythms as opposed to beats and they both reflect,especially on the harder edged latter how the introduction of hip-hop rhythms as opposed to retro disco ones. True both came around to the other at some point but that is how it came down here. Only appropriate for the songs reflective lyrics about the changing faces of human relations with time and age.<br /><br />  Other songs such as \\"This Must Be The Place I Waited Years To Leave\\" and \\"My October Symphony\\" add a tingle of blue eyed [[ASIN:B00007FOMP What's Going On]]-style soul to the affair whereas \\"To Face The Truth\\",\\"Only The Wind\\",\\"Nervously\\" and \\"The End Of The World\\" are certainly dancable in a way but have a more atmospheric quality to the overall affair. The album ends on a high note with the majestically orchestrated \\"Jealously\\",with some atonal synth strings towards the conclusion accurately reflecting the title and mood of the song. Being more of a full on album than a collection of songs stringing a few singles togehter ideas are oftens stretched across sections as opposed to individual songs. When I was younger it was one PSB release I rather ignored but time has certainly been more than kind and much of it hasn't dated much if at all. Because the songs have more of a groove than a beat to them the funkier and more textured nature to some of these songs make them idea for the pairs increasingly thoughtful and humane lyrics. Overall it's one of the Pet Shop Boys most well executed and cosistant albums taken as such and for people looking to explore their music from more a popcraft angle than a dance/club one this is an excellent jumping off point.round to the other at some point but that is how it came down here. Only appropriate for the songs reflective lyrics about the changing faces of human relations with time and age.                                     Other songs such as \\"This Must Be The Place I Waited Years To Leave\\" and \\"My October Symphony\\" add a tingle of blue eyed [[ASIN:B00007FOMP What's Going On]]-style soul to the affair whereas \\"To Face The Truth\\",\\"Only The Wind\\",\\"Nervously\\" and \\"The End Of The World\\" are certainly dancable in a way but have a more atmospheric quality to the overall affair. The album ends on a high note with the majestically orchestrated \\"Jealously\\",with some atonal synth strings towards the conclusion accurately reflecting the title and mood of the song. Being more of a full on album than a collection of songs stringing a few singles togehter ideas are oftens stretched across sections as opposed to individual songs. When I was younger it was one PSB release I rather ignored but time has certainly been more than kind and much of it hasn't dated much if at all. Because the songs have more of a groove than a beat to them the funkier and more textured nature to some of these songs make them idea for the pairs increasingly thoughtful and humane lyrics. Overall it's one of the Pet Shop Boys most well executed and cosistant albums taken as such and for people looking to explore their music from more a popcraft angle than a dance/club one this is an excellent jumping off point.
0061124265|1.0|I would have rather given this book half of ONE star. This was one of those books that you regret reading. What a waste of my time! Personally, Coelho should have written an apology inside the book jacket instead of the sypnosis.
B002UPQ246|5.0|With the vast number of people from Raaphael Saadiq to John Legend taking references from things like 60's Memphis Soul as a reaction to the contemporary R&B scene dominated by electronic modern hip-hop clishes and ProTool vocal stabalizer effects I wonder if a lot of people realize that this music,the source of it all wasn't entirely intentional. Lack of resources due to budget and period considerations was what resulted in the rawer sound that Otis Redding and his contemporaries on and off Stax came to be known for. He realeased album after album of straight ahaead Memphis soul from 1964 all the way up to this,the first of several posthumous albums of material that became popular after he passed on. Of course the title song is endelibly stamped on just about everyone's brain with years of oldies radio ware and cultural impact. In fact it's the one Otis Redding song likely everyone knows for sure. But it's still a worthwhile collection to pick up due to the presense of intensely grooving funky soul tunes \\"Let Me Come On Home\\" and Steve Croppers \\"Don't Mess With Cupid\\",featuring an opening guitar riff pretty much used in every retro soul project one could think of,usually accompanied by a crackling vinyl effect of some sort.<br /><br />  It's also important to note that this is one of those albums that stands very well on it's own merrits as opposed to merely how enormous an influence it's had. \\"The Glory Of Love\\" and \\"Nobody Knows You (When Your Down And Out)\\" again showcase Reddings gospel crying on two of his most reflective and vocally involved soul ballads here. Of course that's what Redding was known for. For more of his funkier side there's \\"The Huckle Buck\\" and a reprise of \\"Tramp\\",the duet with Carla Thomas from their[[ASIN:B000002IR9 King & Queen]] (also more than worth checking out-as is all of Redding's music). Ditto for the repeat performance here of another ballad \\"Ole Man Trouble\\". As sometimes over hyped as Redding was,largely due to his death I imagine it's important to know the man himself was actually a pretty ordinary guy who,though very talented as a writer and vocalist was always keen on playing up his \\"country style\\" in different ways and was very proud of his rural Southern soul poet persona. And maybe it's that even before his passing that persona was so fully realized is why people are still talking about him and the music he gave to the world.r hyped as Redding was,largely due to his death I imagine it's important to know the man himself was actually a pretty ordinary guy who,though very talented as a writer and vocalist was always keen on playing up his \\"country style\\" in different ways and was very proud of his rural Southern soul poet persona. And maybe it's that even before his passing that persona was so fully realized is why people are still talking about him and the music he gave to the world.
B001UV4XI8|5.0|I love all the Harry Potter films!  This is the first part of the last book and it is awesome.  The movie follows the book fairly well but has a few added scenes...I think this additional time should have been used with more book details though.  I still have to say I love the movie and enjoy watching the characters from the book come alive!
B003UYUQZW|2.0|Here's an idea, lets take ancient persia, and white-wash the hell out of it.    The story is formulaic and cheesy, and a direct rip off from Pirates of the Caribbean. Throw in some swashbuckling adventure, with an over the top outrageous main character, mix in the typical buffoon for comic relief (because you know, this story is so deep,) and then add OSTRICH RACING into the mix and you have this very bad movie. Jake Gyllenhaal is a great actor, but even he can't save this atrociously bad script.    If you are over the age of a 12, and have an IQ higher than 80, then you will not like this film. Skip it.
6305428425|3.0|That's really why I bought it, to watch Ms. Kudrow! It wasn't a smash hit, but it was worth watching, on a Saturday afternoon, with a couple of friends, some popcorn, and some Tequila!
B004G600A4|5.0|The movie arrived very quickly in great condition, it was missing one of the paper inserts and the seller immediately sent that to me as well.  The movie is in great condition and my daughter watches it all the time.  Thank you so much for an awesome transaction!
B0002DB50E|3.0|What is frightening about David Cronenberg's \\"Videodrome\\" is not the convincingly grotesque sexual imagery (courtesy of special effects artist Rick Baker). Nor is it the rather claustrophobic feel of the film, shot in tightly packed corridors and rooms that mirror the mental state of Max Renn (James Woods). \\"Videodrome\\"'s horror arises from the Cronenberg's near-omniscient - though hardly explored - take on the medium of film and television of the future, with the \\"Saw\\"s and \\"Hostel\\"s and irredeemable flood of reality television. Renn's pursuit of programming for his controversial CIVIC-TV station leads him to both \\"Videodrome\\", a plotless program that is mere torture porn, and radio host Nikki Brand (Deborah Harry of Blondie fame), whose sadomasochistic tendencies intrigue Renn. Together, they plunge Renn into an underground world where the sexual, the bizarre, and the political meet. Renn's exposure to \\"Videodrome\\" creates hallucinations featuring Brand. Those hallucinations become much more violently sexualized. As they increase, Renn finds it difficult in discerning between them and reality. And so, too, does the viewer. Cronenberg's interest in exploring the relationship between male and female, both within and outside a sexual framework is never fully formed. Ditto for his interest in the use of television as a political weapon to be wielded by those seeking to control populations. Cronenberg's suggestion that viewers' demand for more unbridled sex and violence on television is leading humanity to a very dark place is his most consistent point throughout. But even then, he loses this point as the film unfolds, as if he had no way to tie all these points together. Instead, he sees Renn jumping through different planes of reality, leaving the viewer just as confused as Renn, if not more. But this disjointedness does not prevent \\"Videodrome\\" from being an interesting horror film, much more aligned to Japanese horror than the American slashers or Italian gore films of the time. Yet it is not essential horror cinema. It is not even essential David Cronenberg. But it is in entertaining film if taken for what it could have been.
B00479SVBU|4.0|I like all the features.  For price I paid, I was expecting it to start the song/file from the position it stops. I need to press book mark before I stop my car. Even if I presss the book mark, it will remember it FOR-EVER.  This was the reason I have given only 4 stars, otherwise this will qualify for all 5 stars.    Over all the product is good quality, I can hear the quality as if I am listening from any other CABLED/System-Integrated device. Like CD player for example.    Some one mentioned in their reviews, DO NOT loose the remote, it is very important. You can do everything with remote.
B004SDEP38|1.0|downloaded this to view PDF files, won't open anthing unless you pay. whats the use of having the free version if it cant do anything? uninstalled.
B003JSSPSY|5.0|Both Season 1 and 2 are fantastic programs!  I happened to turn the TV on one Saturday and caught it and my wife and I were hooked!  Its a very well written show about good versus evil and how good can truly triumph over evil.  It really leaves you feeling upbeat and encouraged.  Its air times caused the series (in my humble opinion) to be canceled which is sad.  One negative is there are a couple of scenes in a few episodes that are NOT needed and de-value the program.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|This is the emmy winning season on tape for all to view and re-view. I was happy to get it since I have been working nights when the show is on this past year. No complaints-now I can watch what I missed while I was at work. Very Funny!
B003VA3JUO|4.0|If you like a good spook movie this one has its points. Don't buy if you don't want a thrill. It has a few places to make you jump in your skin. So grab a friend, a bowl of pop corn and sit down and enjoy
B0051QIGP4|1.0|This is still about a dollar too much but in all honesty I wouldn't pay the electricity or waste the bandwidth to download this.
0525951113|1.0|If I could give it negative stars, I would.  Cartoonish characters do battle against a distributed-computing entity which ends up controlling the world.  Cue the fake scary music from a hokey made-for-TV thriller.  The \\"good guys\\" die in the end, but by that point, it's impossible to care what happens to Suarez' cardboard cutouts.  The premise of revenge from the grave via a genius's advanced computer programming was interesting enough; too bad Suarez bungled it so badly.  This book is such a worthless piece of trash that I would regret donating it to charity, because it would waste someone else's time reading it.  So I did the only humane thing: I dumped it in the recycling.
B000FBFN1U|5.0|I loved this books, the characters are so vivid and complex and they really feel real.  I wanted to say, not about the book, but regarding the Kindle formatting, that I had balked at buying it at first because someone commented that the chapters weren't separated and there was no index.  Someone else said they were missing a chunk of the book.  Maybe the formatting has been updated or maybe a few people got a corrupted download, but the Kindle version looks just like the book.  There is a chapter index so you can skip ahead to a certain chapter.  I started this book in paperback and so when I got it on Kindle I had to jump ahead.  I just thought it would be good for people to know that the formatting is exactly the same as the physical book so you shouldn't worry on that account.<br /><br />The writing is just as fantastic as the first two books.  The twists and turns are amazing and unpredictable.  I loved it and I can't wait to start the next book in the series.
B0051QIGP4|1.0|Lady Gaga used to be okay, with Poker Face, Just Dance, Telephone, etc. back in the day.  This album is just horrible.  She's trying too hard and it shows.
B00338QENI|5.0|A raw exposure of our history of malpractices in science, in a close and personal family account. I couldn't put it down, wonderful read.
1609419693|5.0|This is a truly funny book.  Tina Fey is a comic original with a style both witty and warm. She delights in skewering common notions about fame, feminism, glamour and parenthood.  I have listened to it twice and will probably do so again.  It's like a visit with a wise and wacky friend.
B004SBQAN8|1.0|Negatives:   (1.) Confusing, incomplete storyline of dumping aliens that look and act precisely like any US teen despite the fact that coming - somehow, not explained - from another planet with different gravity, Sun light spectrum, surface biology, etc. and would take centuries at the speed of light to get to our little rock was conveniently and cheaply conceived thus ending up looking just like us.   (2.) Unimaginative advanced aliens still using knives; 1990s lasers; the usual sloth looking creature pets; light emanating from their hands and vampire like running/jumping skills all of which have been used in countless movies before.   (3.) Oh, alien death by turning into clouds of gray swirling dust - sorry, done in vampire flicks many times before. Speaking of aliens - isn't the tattoo graphic design thing getting a bit overused.   (4.) Stereotypic assortment of characters from dumb cops to father figure helper to jocks to nerds to outcast cute girl to kick-ass alien chick. Oh, and lovable pet. Acting, as usual except for pet, daytime TV castoffs.   (5.) Movie ended leaving  you with a teeny weeny hope that the sequel will at least show some story writing creative imagination. Creative defined as hasn't been done countless times before.     Positive:  (1.) A good positive use of an educational facility for something interesting and motivating. Blow it up!
0735619670|5.0|The book covers great how-to programming tips. This was not the first book I read on programming habits so I had heard of many of these concepts before. It was chapter 33 Personal Character that got my attention. No matter how much I study about programming, I will not get better at it until I work on myself. My thoughts are turned into software. I need to fight complexity not in the program, but in my mind. I have to break down the problems into simpler pieces. I have to express my ideas in simple terms. This book opened my eyes to the fact that programming is personal.
B004LUS390|5.0|the feature that u can fade the pics in ur gallery is so handy and cool. when I'm bored, I just take a picture of an object and I start drawing it. this app is very well made and if u learn how to work with it, u can draw pretty pics. HTC thunderbolt
0596007124|5.0|This book makes learning design patterns fun. I have read code that mentions Factory, Repository, and Proxy, but I didn't understand what these concepts meant. Starting out with the official Gang of Four book sounded intimidating. This book offered a perfect way to learn the basics of these patterns. The examples were easy to understand. I really enjoyed reading this book.
B000SO7OMA|5.0|I ordered this DVD / CD combo from an Amazon reseller since it was the only source available at the time. Unfortunately I only received a single DVD with no CD's. Amazon customer service credited my account and sent me a prepaid return sticker so all is well. I watched the DVD and was amazed at the performance. The audio was excellent in Dolby Digital 5.1 but I noticed that the video was not quite as good as the audio. I think I will wait a bit and hope that a Blu Ray version is issued before I purchase a replacement.
020161622X|5.0|After 10 years of programming, I have developed some bad habits. The best way to get rid of a bad habit is replacing it with a good one. This book is filled with good programming habits that you can use to replace those bad ones. Shorter methods, better names, and understandable code are just some of the things that I learned reading this book.
B003R4ZMK4|5.0|Absolutely addicted to the show & so happy the new season starts soon. But why isn't a Blu-ray version offered?
B00425S1H8|5.0|We got this to be able to hook up our older GPS to our newer laptop and it does just what we need it to do.  Programs work great and allows us full use ofthe two devices together.
B004S7F35I|1.0|Geez, what has been with Maiden recently. They are my favorite band and all but it seems like they can't release a new album without releasing a best of album right after. It started in 1995 with the X-Factor, with Best of the Beast. OK, so that was good, because enough time had passed sinced the self-titled debut. Then Virtual XI, with Ed Hunter, then Brave New World and Dance of Death with Edward The Great, then The Essential Iron Maiden in 2005, then A Matter of Life and Death and Somewhere Back in Time. Now, we have The Final Frontier and this pointless release?!?!?!<br /><br />I'd be lying, though, if I said I wasn't impressed with the fact that they are releasing compilation based solely on the 1990-2010 stuff, because both Fear and No Prayer, X and Virtual, and BNW-TFF have some of Maiden's most important stuff yet. In particular, the Reunion albums are important- Bruce and H are back for good this time and they're continuing to make music. I'm one of the few who prefers the new albums, as they are more thoughtful and meaningful, as well as reflective.<br /><br />But honestly, don't waste your money on this- BUY THE ALBUMS!!!!!! The new Maiden's albums are like symphonies. They require to be listened from first track to last (OK, skip The Assassin on NPFTD). Sure the selection on this is great, but they're only fragments of amazing albums. You WON'T be left satisfied. Furthermore, the live versions of the Blaze tracks have already been released on a 2 CD set entitled \\"Best of the B'Sides\\". As anal of a fan as I am of Iron Maiden, I worry they may become the next Aerosmith with how many compilations they are releasing. If you want a compilation, I suggest you get The Essential Iron Maiden as it pans most of Maiden's career.<br /><br />Like I said, buy the albums. The new material isn't just \\"listen to one song and you're full\\", the entire albums must be heard from the first track to last.
B004H1V5RU|5.0|I'm a high school welding teacher, and am constantly looking for fun puzzles for kids who exceed my expectations and need a challenge. This \\"toy\\" is the perfect answer, and has fostered competition and creativity.  Due to the exposure this has gotten in my class, Amazon will likely sell lots more to my students who think they need their own.
B004G6009U|5.0|Tangled (animation, comedy, family, musical)<br />Directed by Nathan Greno and Byron Howard<br />Starring the voices of Mandy Moore, Zachary Levi and Donna Murphy<br /><br />Disney / Buena Vista   2010   100 min   Rated PG   Released Mar 29, 2011<br /><br />Video:<br />Video codec: MPEG-4 AVC<br />Video resolution: 1080p<br />Aspect ratio: 1.78:1<br /><br />Audio:<br />English: DTS-HD Master Audio 7.1<br />French: DTS-HD HR 7.1<br />Spanish: DTS-HD HR 5.1<br />English: Dolby Digital 2.0<br /><br />Subtitles:<br />English SDH, French, Spanish<br /><br />Discs:<br />50GB Blu-ray Disc<br />DVD copy<br /><br />The Film 4.5/5<br /><br />Disney has been responsible for some wonderful films since releasing Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs in 1937. I remember being taken to the cinema as a child to see Bambi and The Jungle Book, and anxiously awaiting holiday specials showing classic Disney clips. What's more, all of Disney's releases are suitable for family viewing.<br /><br />While I appreciate all of the above, many of Disney's classic titles are formulaic. It seems like there's a princess in every story, although there are only nine official Disney princesses. The movies feature numerous songs and often start with the image of a storybook which is used to set the scene. All of those things work, but it's a little too predictable for my liking.<br /><br />Tangled is different.<br /><br />Instead of using a storybook for the exposition, it uses a narrator. The narrator is Flynn Rider, our hero, and he's sarcastic and genuinely funny. There are songs, but they are short, infrequent, and also funny. There's a princess, but she doesn't act like one. This is a story that doesn't take itself too seriously. It feels fresh and contemporary. Quite frankly, I was surprised and delighted with the whole thing.<br /><br />We learn during the opening scenes that an old woman, Mother Gothel (Murphy), possesses a golden flower with the power to heal and reverse the effects of aging. The queen is sick and needs the flower to heal her, so a party of soldiers is sent to find it. It works and newly-born princess Rapunzel (Moore) is infused with the plant's powers. Mother Gothel wants to appear young so she kidnaps the princess and keeps her in a tower. The king and queen release floating lanterns each year on Rapunzel's birthday and hope that she will eventually be found.<br /><br />Rapunzel thinks that Mother Gothel is her real mother and that she's being kept in the tower to protect her from the dangers of the real world. Her main wish is to see the lights that appear on her birthday. Her only friend is Pascal, a chameleon. He doesn't speak, but does a good job of expressing his feelings through body language.<br /><br />Flynn Rider is a notorious thief who stumbles across Rapunzel's tower while evading capture from the king's soldiers. Rapunzel hits him over the head with a frying pan and locks him in her closet. She's convinced that the outside world poses no threat to her.<br /><br />We learn that her hair has many uses. It's one way into the tower, but she also uses it to pick things up and to tie Flynn to a chair. The two enter into a bargain; he'll take her to see the floating lanterns and she'll give him back the tiara he stole. She sends Mother Gothel on an errand and leaves the tower with Flynn.<br /><br />Flynn takes Rapunzel to the Snuggly Duckling inn which is supposed to represent a sort of biker pub. The patrons aren't what they seem and end up liking her. Mother Gothel tracks the pair down and Flynn is also found by one of the king's horses, Maximus. The horse doesn't speak either, but is one of the funniest characters in the movie. He feels that he isn't appreciated, but Rapunzel wins his loyalty.<br /><br />There's plenty of action during the ensuing chase scenes, and the pair are forced to use their wits to escape all kinds of peril. Mother Gothel is the most evil character in the story, although her selfish actions are understandable when you consider that she'll die without the effects of Rapunzel's magic hair.<br /><br />There's considerable character development in the story and, being Disney, it has a happy ending. The mix of humor, action and romance works well. The characters are easy to like and there's always something interesting happening.<br /><br />Video Quality 5/5<br />I recently reviewed Megamind and mentioned that, as well as aliasing, the backgrounds appeared unfinished. Watching Tangled, the difference is easy to spot. There is so much detail and depth in each frame. Take a look at the background shots and you'll see what I mean. Leaves rustle in the breeze, clouds drift and water ripples. This image is comparable to Bolt or the recent Pixar releases. It's another perfect transfer from Disney.<br /><br />Audio Quality 5/5<br />The DTS-HD Master Audio 7.1 mix also receives a perfect score. There's a lot happening at times, and every little sound is heard. Background noises such as hooves or running water enhance the experience and you'll hear things coming at you from all directions. Dialogue and music also receive the correct treatment. It's hard to fault anything in the presentation.<br /><br />Special Features 3/5<br /><br />Deleted Scenes (13 minutes) - Directors Nathan Greno and Byron Howard introduce this segment and explain how and why certain scenes were changed. The scenes are unfinished and appear as storyboards or partially animated.<br /><br />Original Storybook Openings (8 minutes) - These are early versions of what may have been and are similar to the deleted scenes.<br /><br />50th Animated Feature Countdown (2 minutes) - Tangled is Disney's 50th animated feature. See a brief glimpse of them all, in release order.<br /><br />Extended Songs (8 minutes) - Full versions of two songs from the movie.<br /><br />Untangled: The Making of a Fairy Tale (12 minutes) - A light-hearted feature with actors Mandy Moore and Zachary Levi, talking about the movie and the history of Disney.<br /><br />Tangled Teasers (9 minutes) - Amusing fake ads featuring characters from the movie.<br /><br />Discover Blu-ray 3D With Timon and Pumbaa<br /><br />Learn How to Take Your Favorite Movies on the Go<br /><br />Trailers<br /><br />DVD copy<br /><br />Tangled was a nice surprise with its fresh take on traditional Disney themes. There's plenty here for children to enjoy. The characters are cute and friendly and the action is never far away. Adults will enjoy it too. Disney's 50th animated feature is one of the best releases the studio has made and its modern animation style is a pleasure to watch.<br /><br />Overall score 4.5/5y ending. The mix of humor, action and romance works well. The characters are easy to like and there's always something interesting happening.    Video Quality 5/5  I recently reviewed Megamind and mentioned that, as well as aliasing, the backgrounds appeared unfinished. Watching Tangled, the difference is easy to spot. There is so much detail and depth in each frame. Take a look at the background shots and you'll see what I mean. Leaves rustle in the breeze, clouds drift and water ripples. This image is comparable to Bolt or the recent Pixar releases. It's another perfect transfer from Disney.    Audio Quality 5/5  The DTS-HD Master Audio 7.1 mix also receives a perfect score. There's a lot happening at times, and every little sound is heard. Background noises such as hooves or running water enhance the experience and you'll hear things coming at you from all directions. Dialogue and music also receive the correct treatment. It's hard to fault anything in the presentation.    Special Features 3/5    Deleted Scenes (13 minutes) - Directors Nathan Greno and Byron Howard introduce this segment and explain how and why certain scenes were changed. The scenes are unfinished and appear as storyboards or partially animated.    Original Storybook Openings (8 minutes) - These are early versions of what may have been and are similar to the deleted scenes.    50th Animated Feature Countdown (2 minutes) - Tangled is Disney's 50th animated feature. See a brief glimpse of them all, in release order.    Extended Songs (8 minutes) - Full versions of two songs from the movie.    Untangled: The Making of a Fairy Tale (12 minutes) - A light-hearted feature with actors Mandy Moore and Zachary Levi, talking about the movie and the history of Disney.    Tangled Teasers (9 minutes) - Amusing fake ads featuring characters from the movie.    Discover Blu-ray 3D With Timon and Pumbaa    Learn How to Take Your Favorite Movies on the Go    Trailers    DVD copy    Tangled was a nice surprise with its fresh take on traditional Disney themes. There's plenty here for children to enjoy. The characters are cute and friendly and the action is never far away. Adults will enjoy it too. Disney's 50th animated feature is one of the best releases the studio has made and its modern animation style is a pleasure to watch.    Overall score 4.5/5
B000BNX3AU|5.0|I had been searching throughout local stores to try to find this really favorite film on DVD...to NO success.  The closest I came was a 2 Film or 3 Film pack (the other film or two films...known not to be the greatest)...so didn't waste my money.<br /><br />Sooooo..just out of the blue (sort of) I decided to search through Amazon...and TAH DAH!  Not only did I find \\"MY\\" favorite film .... but also in \\"Full Screen\\" and \\"Brand-New...not Previously viewed\\"...Thank you Jesus!!!<br /><br />Exceptional service from the Seller...My DVD arrived in excellent packaging...no disc trouble while viewing at all...and it arrived a lot faster than for the time frame stated.  Looking to buy again through this Amazon Seller....DEFINITELY!!!  Thank you Thank you!
031261246X|5.0|Mark Russinovich, arguably one of the smartest Microsoft guys (it's why he's a \\"Technical Fellow\\" ), can actually write. I'm used to reading his in depth technical information from his Windows Internals series.     I attended Microsoft TechEd, and not only got to meet Mark, but got a signed copy of the book. This book is certainly a thriller, but the premise is not far-fetched. Without individuals like Mark being one step ahead of the bad guys, we would be in a world of trouble.    I recommend this book for anyone, noting there are some adult themes so it may not be suitable for younger readers.
B003VANOFY|5.0|I can't really say anything that others haven't said before.<br /><br />The headset is very comfortable, and I have a biggish head. Any complaining about it being tight either have a gigantic sized head, stewie griffin shaped head or dumbo ears. If your ear (or any part of it) gets under the actual foam that rests on your skin then you're in for problems because it sits securely on the face as it's supposed to (so sound doesn't come in or leak out). Your ear is supposed to fit on the inside of the cup (in a huge rectangular space). The cups swivel so there's really no reason to not be able to set them squarely over the ears.<br /><br />It feels well constructed and I can't really imagine how a certain reviewer claimed his/hers snapped. You'd have to be really rough for any part of this thing to \\"snap\\". The swivel mechanism seems to be metal - I haven't dissected mine to find out. I would say though, that if you treat it like a piece of electronic equipment and not yank it off the head, bend it out of shape, pull or tug at it, I'm not sure how they could break. But this is coming from someone who has no scratches on his 2 year old ex-smartphone (and it isn't skinned or in a case or using a screen protector) so maybe I'm just careful with my stuff.<br /><br />What I really like about these are the versatility. I HATE being tied down by cables when it comes to earphones/headsets. I have, for a very long time moved on to wireless. I use bluetooth with my cell phones and tablet and have some bluetooth headsets that since Windows 7 don't work very well despite the newest drivers being installed; which is why I decided to search for a gaming wireless headset. Before these I owned some Plantronics wired and they were pretty great but this really takes the cake. The bluetooth headsets I use (dell and motorola) can't hold a light to the distance and clarity of the G930 and the only thing they really hold over these are that they work with more than just computers.<br /><br />I have no complaints about the stereo sound - it sounds pretty good on my system and the surround is the best I've heard from any headphone, period. Of course I'm no Pro at \\"audio\\" so maybe I'm missing something.<br />I use these to 1. play WoW 2. voice chat on skype, gtalk, vent, etc. 3. listen to music at blaring levels and 4. listen to whatever I'm watching on my PC....assuming I don't feel like using my speaker system for 1, 3 and 4.<br /><br />Performance-wise I have no complaints either. They're simply great. I haven't really played with programming the GKeys for gaming yet, I use them to control WMP. The voice morphing is neat but not something I'll use often. I love the clarity of the mic - and boy is it clear. I will never buy non-noise cancelling gear again. It's great to be able to chat with confidence to people and not worry about my friends burping loudly or doing anything else embarrassing in the next room.<br />They do seem to clock in at around 10 hrs of use, but I'm sitting 3 feet from the dongle. I'm assuming more distance away can wear it faster so people 10+ feet away may get a bit less juice. The trick is to charge it up fully and use it till it dies or is about to die, then the software will get a true reading of the battery level (something that is true of wireless mice as well).<br /><br />I do have my worries...one problem with the Plantronics is that the headband got loose over time. I doubt it will happen with these, it's very solid feeling and on a metal 'base' so there are no plastic pegs to break or loosen, but there's always a possibility.<br />I also dislike that the ear cups don't seem to be replaceable which means that when they wear and literally tear (or accidentally, without the wear part), it's on to a new pair. There doesn't seem to be a replaceable battery so in the end it seems that maybe Logitech has set a \\"lifecycle\\" of about 4-5 years which for the price isn't terrible but it's going to be a hard sell for some people who like keeping their stuff for 5+ years. I paid $50 for the Plantronics and they survived for 4 years so it sounds about right (in the end, the cable did these in).<br /><br />Can things go wrong with it? I'm sure. It's wireless and anything wireless can give trouble. If your house/apt. is saturated with wifi signals I'm sure there could be an issue. If you have really thick or true cement/stone/brick walls I'm sure you won't get the huge area of connectedness that others get. But that's not really the point, imho. It's to lose the wires. The freedom to get up and go someplace else in your home without having to remove them. The ability to sit 10+ feet away from your 50inch LED TV that you're playing WoW on and not interrupt your family members in their respective areas with speakers. And for these and other creative reasons, they work and work well.antronics and they survived for 4 years so it sounds about right (in the end, the cable did these in).    Can things go wrong with it? I'm sure. It's wireless and anything wireless can give trouble. If your house/apt. is saturated with wifi signals I'm sure there could be an issue. If you have really thick or true cement/stone/brick walls I'm sure you won't get the huge area of connectedness that others get. But that's not really the point, imho. It's to lose the wires. The freedom to get up and go someplace else in your home without having to remove them. The ability to sit 10+ feet away from your 50inch LED TV that you're playing WoW on and not interrupt your family members in their respective areas with speakers. And for these and other creative reasons, they work and work well.
B00081U7HC|5.0|excellent movie and well acted as it shows that all walks of live can be shared.    Do you have the movie Rich Man Poor Man as I/m looking for ot  thanks  Jane Hodge
B003XMXZCW|5.0|the original theatrical release was already a long movie and as the extra scenes provided in the redux version really do not add much to the film all they do is lengthen unnecessarily this great film
B00004YRQA|5.0|I ordered a new memory card for my Playstation 2 because I previously lost mine. Without a new memory card I could not save my games and it was frustrating. Now I only waited a few days for it to arrive in the mail but it worked when I put it in my system. I am very happy with it and I would buy from Sony again some time! [[ASIN:B00004YRQA PlayStation 2 Memory Card (8MB)]]
B00003CXB4|5.0|I was very impressed with the speed of the shipment.  I received the shipment before Amazon even mailed another product I ordered and they were ordered on the same day.   Also, the great quality of the DVD was appreciated.
1400032717|4.0|I really enjoyed this book. The narrator is young autistic boy who makes an for interesting commentator. My only complaint is that this book is quite short and I could have used a bit more fleshing out of the story.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|I see there are few 3 or 2-star reviews.  So it seems that a lot of people LOVE the album, and more than a few hate it.  Only an artist with a lot of guts and more than a little talent could create that kind of polarity.    I will admit that on first listen I was like, \\"huh?\\".  But like another reviewer, I have been won over by this album.    There is NO ONE else out there who is as talented AND interesting AND smart as Gaga, hands down.
B002ZHKZEM|5.0|You can't go wrong with David Tennant's Dr. Who.  The specials included in this DVD package are all wonderful as usual.
1572707208|3.0|This was informative. It gets boring listening if they don't read with emotion. Don't tell me how succesful you are. I know you must have some good credentials, or you wouldn't get published. Every bit of help I can get to be succesful myself, I will learn from it.
B0043URV8M|5.0|This is a fantastic product for all Harry Potter fans who love the music in the movies. I'd recommend this product to any one.
B004TTMYQG|5.0|This is a wonderful Calendar app. The interface is appealing and easy to follow and adding new events is a snap!<br />Much better than the default calendar.
B004HW7JMO|5.0|The prequel fills in a lot of the blanks of how Lucretia, Batiatus and Crixus etc formed their personalities. Gannicus is about the hottest gladiator in the series I have even seen. The episodes were well written and I loved every one of them especially the finale. The ring of fire was fantastic. This Spartacus series is the best ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
6304806418|5.0|I absolutely adore this film. Madonna did a marvelous job as Evita, although there was a big to-do about it when the film came out.  I think that people sometimes underrate her; I'm not disposed to give praise unless it's earned, and it is.
0525422943|5.0|I stumbled across \\"Where she Went\\" as I was surfing the web looking for new books to read. When I read this book, I was completely blown away. I think this book is amazing and very orginal. I like the fact that people could relate to various events that were happening in the story. It was well-written. I enjoyed hearing the book told from Adam's perspective. He is an amzing character and I loved the fact that he he still passionately loved Mia eventhough they were apart for years. That just goes to show that when men love, they love hard. I would highly recommend this book. ENJOY!!
B00005V1Y0|5.0|This is an extremely campy film, infiltrated with really good dance scenes. I love it, camp and all!  And there is that ring of truth in the campiness, too...
B004SBQAN8|3.0|If you knew you were next in line to die could you stop it?  When John Smith (Pettyfer) realizes that his number is up he begins to receive strange powers.  After learning to harness the powers he hopes he is able to fight off his attackers.  I had pretty high expectations for this movie going in, and was kind of let down.  It is almost a mix between \\"Push\\" and \\"The Sorcerer's Apprentice\\".  A little better then both, but overall a little disappointing.  It's not that it's a bad movie, just one that you really have no firm opinion about when it's over.  That said, my 12 year old son LOVED it.  This movie is geared toward the young teen crowd, although like the \\"Green Hornet\\" there is a lot of swearing for a PG-13 movie.  The action is no worse then the latest group of teen movies, but the swearing did seem more prevelant in this one.  Overall I say this movie is just OK, but kids will really like it a lot. I give it a B-.<br /><br />Would I watch again? - I don't think I will, but my kids will.<br /><br />*Also try - Push & Sorcerer's Apprentice
B00005QCYC|5.0|I like Jurassic Park and both Sequals I was hoping there were other Movies as good .  No Way This is It . The Movie full of Suspence Thrils and Chills .  This is everything that a Movie can be .   Will they ever stop making Movies ? , the answer is no of course Not.    I don't think they will ever Improve upon this Trilogy     Congradulations to everyone involved     I love a good Monster Movie .                                  Thanks for Entertainment of the  Highest Standard
0451196716|5.0|the story is simple, yet incredibly profound at the same time. for me, this is nothing short of a masterpiece. i'm glad i got to read this book even though it's one of his lesser known titles.
B00005JNJV|4.0|Batman Begins(2005) is a reboot of the Batman movies after the excessively campy Batman & Robin(1997) failed critically and commercially. This time around the emphasis is on plot and character and no campy nonsense. Director Christopher Nolan takes the story seriously and he avoids the \\"weirdness\\" from the Tim Burton/Joel Schumacher Batman movies. Bruce Wayne(Christian Bale) is living in Asia after college. Wayne beats up criminals and also ends up becoming one himself. He's still haunted after seeing his parents killed by a mugger. A group of Ninjas led by Ra's Al Guhl teach Wayne martial arts, but he leaves them after refusing to kill a man in cold blood. Wayne returns to Gotham City and is reunited with his butler Alfred(Michael Caine) and his love interest Rachel(Katie Holmes). Wayne becomes Batman and he must stop The Scarecrow(Cillian Murphy) from unleashing a fear-inducing gas on the city.<br /> Batman Begins is a solid film, but it's 20 minutes too long and it suffers from choppy editing! People complain about Christian Bale's raspy, \\"Cookie Monster voice\\". Michael Caine sure adds a sense of cool to his version of Alfred Pennyworth.<br />Morgan Freeman is quite good as Lucius Fox. Liam Neeson played Ducard, an ally of Ra's Al Guhl. The music score by Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard is subtle and never \\"in your face\\"!  Cillian Murphy(28 Days Later) is quite good as The Scarecrow. People also complain about Batman's large, bulky Batmobile-Tank in this film. This film does a good job satirizing the post 9/11 era. Batman Begins saved the Batman film franchise and The Dark Knight came out in 2008.
B0026P40NU|4.0|Desperate Romantics is a show that is certainly worth watching. All of the actors are absolutely amazing and the storyline is a great deal of fun. Sadly, there is only the one season but that one season something unique and special. Why can't we make shows like this in the United States?!
B001GZ6QC4|4.0|The Dark Knight(2008) is a slight improvement over Batman Begins. The action scenes aren't as muddled. The late Heath Ledger is quite impressive as The Joker. There's a creepy scene where The Joker kills a man and he lets his digital video camera record him! There's a scene where a dead Batman imposter's body hangs from a skyscraper. Batman must save Gotham City from The Joker's crime wave. Harvey Dent loses his sanity, turns into Two Face, and joins the chaos. Maggie Gyllenhaal replaces Katie Holmes as Rachel. The Dark Knight is very serious and it keeps the humor to a minimum. The film oozes dread and hopelessness. Also, The Dark Knight is 40 minutes too long. Once again, the post 9/11 era is satirized. The Dark Knight is a solid Batman movie.
B004P7CN7W|1.0|WARNING!!!     This DVD can ONLY be seen in \\"Widescreen\\" If you have a 16x9 TV. If you're like me and still have a 4:3 ratio TV but still want to see the movie in a letterbox format your out of luck. Because of a manufacturing screw up in the disc itself you will only see a Pan & Scan Fullscreen version. I have tried this DVD on many different players and got the same result on all of them. If anyone knows of a fix for this please let me know.    So to be clear    16x9 TV = Widescreen Movie   4:3 TV = Fullscreen Movie (Regardless of DVD player)
B000B5XOY8|5.0|The campy, 1960's Batman TV show starring Adam West and Burt Ward hurt Batman's image. Words such as \\"pow\\" and \\"zap\\" were synonymous with Batman. Director Tim Burton and executive producers Michael E. Uslan and Benjamin Melniker were determined to make a dark, gothic, nightmarish Batman movie. Zorro movies, 1930's movie serials, and Da Vinci artwork may have inspired Bob Kane to create Batman. Tim Burton's Batman was a critical and commercial hit! I can remember boys, girls, men, and women wearing Batman T-shirts. I can remember a kid with a Batman insignia haircut! The Heroic Trio(1992, Dong Fong Saam Hap)borrows visuals from Batman(1989). Michael Keaton gives a sincere performance as Bruce Wayne and Batman. Before the film was made, people didn't want \\"Mr. Mom\\" playing Batman. Jack Nicholson steals the show as The Joker. Kim Basinger is quite good as Vicky Vale, the film's heroine. Although, she does a lot of screaming! The late Michael Gough gives a sincere performance as Alfred, Batman's butler. Pat Hingle is quite good as Commissioner Gordon. Prince wrote some songs for Batman. Tracey Walter is good as Bob, The Joker's lackey. Bob had his own Batman action figure!<br /> In Batman(1989), Batman/Bruce Wayne must stop The Joker from killing off Gotham City's citizens with chemical weapons. Batman and The Joker are also smitten with Vicky Vale. Danny Elfman's Batman music score is excellent and it's aged better than the songs in the movie. Billy Dee Williams is quite good as Harvey Dent. Too bad he didn't get a chance to play Dent in Batman Forever(1995). As Siskel and Ebert pointed out, there's a sense of dread running through Batman(1989). In Batman(1989), Gotham City is covered in grime and filth. In Batman Forever(1995), Gotham City has a bright, neon-colored, Las Vegas look!<br />There were not one, but two video games based on Batman(1989). There was Batman: Return of the Joker on the Nintendo Entertainment System. Batman(1989) still is awesome!
B000W91RUG|1.0|The humor in this show is that of two and 1/2 man ; yet again another huge show with corny everybody loves raymond lines. I am shocked on why people think this is good. Horrible actors and cheesy lines the entire show. Im sure when I'm 48 and dont go outside i'll like this show but im not! Please save your money and time if your a How I met your mother fan because this show falls extreme short of good.
B000P0J06U|4.0|Batman Returns(1992) was a box office hit, but parents and movie critics criticized the film for being \\"too dark, depressing, mean-spirited and violent\\"! McDonald's cancelled their \\"Batman Returns Happy Meals\\" after seeing a print of the movie. When I saw the film, there were mixed reactions when The Penguin(Danny DeVito) bit a man's nose! Some people in the movie theater were shocked and others laughed! The Penguin(Danny DeVito), Catwoman(Michelle Pfeiffer), and corrupt businessman Max Shrek(Christopher Walken) have some diabolical plans for Gotham City! They even succeed in making Batman look like a criminal! This time around, Batman doesn't have as much screen time as the bad guys. He's a co-star in his own movie. Batman Returns is closer in spirit to the dark, violent Batman comics of the 1980's.    Batman Returns(1992) is even more darker than Batman(1989). The scenes where Selena Kyle/Catwoman loses her sanity are very downbeat. Michelle Pfeiffer is superb as Catwoman. She goes from a mild-mannered, shy woman to a hostile, femme fatale! Danny DeVito is good as The Penguin. DeVito mentioned Batman in the action-comedy Romancing the Stone(1984)! Christopher Walken is quite good as the human...and most inhumane character, Max Shrek. Michael Keaton is quite good playing Bruce Wayne and Batman for a second time. However, he left the series for good after this film. Danny Elfman's Batman Returns music score is just as good as the first Batman film score. Batman Returns(1992) is a solid film and it has more plot and character depth than most superhero movies.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Wow Wow! This album is soooo good- I've had it since it came out and i still can't get enough of it. I own her 19 album, and i liked most of it, but it just cant be compared to this one. I love each and every one of the songs on this album.This is a definite must buy for anyone!
B001OST0LW|4.0|Batman Forever(1995) was lighter and more family-friendly than Batman Returns(1992). Warner Bros. kept Tim Burton as producer and let Joel Schumacher direct the film. Batman(Val Kilmer) and Robin(Chris O' Donnell) must stop Two Face(Tommy Lee Jones) and The Riddler(Jim Carrey) from controlling Gotham City. There are longer prints of Batman Forever that are hard to find. They show Two Face escaping from Arkham Asylum, Edward Nygma in a hardhat helping construct Nygmatech, and Batman's \\"other Batcave\\". The producers added songs by U2, Seal, The Flaming Lips, and Brandy to give the film a more \\"mainstream\\" appeal.   The Seal video 'Kiss From a Rose' was also directed by Schumacher.    Do beware of the campy humor. Robin yells, \\"I'm Batman\\" and The Riddler's bombs make a cartoonish sound effect as they fly!   Batman and Robin(1997) is a lot more campier than this. It was an homage to the Batman TV show.    Tommy Lee Jones is a good actor, but he plays Two Face as a shallow, Joker clone instead of the brooding, bi-polar guy from the DC Comics. Harvey Dent from The Dark Knight(2008) was a real Two Face. Jim Carrey does add some color and fun as The Riddler. He even impersonates Cesar Romero and Frank Gorshin in some scenes.  Nicole Kidman is quite good and attractive as Chase Meridian, Batman's love interest. Drew Barrymore and Debi Mazar play Sugar and Spice, Two Face's girlfriends. Elliot Goldenthal's Batman music is solid and it sounds more energetic than the music in Batman Begins(2005) and The Dark Knight(2008). Batman Forever(1995) is still fun and it has a 1990's nostalgic flavor.
B004K4AVAG|4.0|Last year, Lady Gaga promised \\"Born This Way\\" would be the best album of the decade. That declaration was enough to skyrocket her follow-up to 2009's EP \\"The Fame Monster\\" to the peak of anticipated albums for 2011. The first single from \\"Born This Way,\\" the title track, confirmed this massive anticipation by breaking the iTunes record for the fastest selling single; passing the 1 million mark in 5 days. Now, \\"Born This Way\\" is finally out for everyone left on Earth after the May 21 rapture to enjoy.<br /><br />At 14 tracks in length with over an hour of total music, Gaga ensures enough potential singles to dominate the remainder of 2011 and perhaps finally knock Adele off the top of the charts. Four singles have hit the airwaves so far: \\"Born This Way,\\" \\"Judas,\\" \\"The Edge of Glory\\" and \\"Hair,\\" but more are likely to come once fans hear the album as a whole and start requesting their favorites.<br /><br />Pop stars have an extremely difficult job to do when composing an album. By definition and name, pop music is, in a word, popular. The music gets that way by following current trends of the music industry until an oversaturation of the style forces the innovation of \\"the next big thing.\\" Over the past decade, pop music has seen a massive increase in the popularity of the Auto-Tune effect and dubstep, a style that has overtaken dance clubs around the world with the help of an incessant beat. Play a track off of Britney Spears' latest record, which leans heavily on both dubstep and Auto-Tune, to the Britney of the late '90s and she wouldn't recognize herself. That is precisely how quickly the pop genre evolves.<br /><br />Enter Lady Gaga, quite possibly the biggest female pop icon since Madonna. Her wild outfits and high octane stage performances made her a household name seemingly overnight, but she is still restricted by the shackles of the pop industry. Although Lady Gaga is very much original in fashion sense and persona, her music is typically not.<br /><br />Opening with \\"Marry the Night,\\" Lady Gaga seems to offer listeners a history lesson of how she developed her sound.<br /><br />The quiet opening is straight out of the `80s, but downbeats are soon replaced with thick synthesized chords and a beat many listeners will find similar to Corona's 1993 hit \\"Rhythm of the Night.\\" Add in modern production techniques and Lady Gaga's first track off the new record is less ambitious than many expected, but easily capable of becoming a single before long.<br /><br />\\"Marry the Night\\" is followed by \\"Born This Way,\\" the track everyone has already compared to Madonna's \\"Express Yourself\\" countless times. The similarities are there, yes, but that doesn't make it a bad song. Madonna was the queen of pop for a reason and Lady Gaga isn't going to fill her shoes without stepping on her toes once in a while.<br /><br />As \\"Born This Way\\" takes shape, Lady Gaga takes more chances with mixed results. \\"Government Hooker\\" is a half-hearted attempt at political commentary. With lines like \\"put your hands on me John F. Kennedy,\\" it's hard to take the track very seriously, but musically, Gaga pushes the envelope. If this track were to ever be played on the radio, Gaga's 30-second computerized operatic intro would absolutely be cut; not because it's bad, but because it fails to fit the mold of pop music. After the intro, \\"Government Hooker\\" is a much more club friendly track, but anyone who buys \\"Born This Way\\" will hear all of Gaga's risk-taking moments like this one.<br /><br />Now the world's biggest pop star, Lady Gaga nods to her overseas influences on the tracks \\"Americano\\" and \\"Schei&szlig;e.\\" Complete with lyrics in both Spanish and German, Gaga adds a new twist to her songwriting which could very well become the expected norm on future records. Her single \\"Alejandro,\\" on the EP \\"The Fame Monster,\\" used the phrase \\"en su bolsillo\\" to introduce a new language, but \\"Born This Way\\" takes the idea and runs with it.<br /><br />Although the entire album is filled with addictive dance tracks, some of the brightest moments on \\"Born This Way\\" are saved for the finale. \\"You and I,\\" the only track for which Lady Gaga is the sole composer, slows the beat down for a song more at home in the Classic Rock era. Completely different from the rest of the album, the crunch of an electric guitar reminiscent of Joe Walsh's \\"Life's Been Good\\" sits behind a piano ballad and 80's rock harmonies on the chorus. Gaga's vocals, however, are always at the forefront; showing the world she's easily worthy of her diva status.<br /><br />Finally, the album closes with a celebratory pop track, \\"The Edge of Glory.\\" Already a single, \\"The Edge of Glory\\" isn't Gaga's most original moment, but it finds her utilizing all of her strengths to perfection. With a saxophone part adding some style and flair more common in a Bruce Springsteen song than in the realm of pop, Gaga bridges the genre gap one final time as she brings her second full-length album to an end.<br /><br />Is \\"Born This Way\\" the best album of the decade? Absolutely not, but it may prove to be one of the best pop albums of the decade. Lady Gaga is as original as a pop artist is allowed to be in this era of music and for that, she should be applauded.<br /><br />Track Suggestion: \\"The Edge of Glory\\"s on \\"Born This Way\\" are saved for the finale. \\"You and I,\\" the only track for which Lady Gaga is the sole composer, slows the beat down for a song more at home in the Classic Rock era. Completely different from the rest of the album, the crunch of an electric guitar reminiscent of Joe Walsh's \\"Life's Been Good\\" sits behind a piano ballad and 80's rock harmonies on the chorus. Gaga's vocals, however, are always at the forefront; showing the world she's easily worthy of her diva status.    Finally, the album closes with a celebratory pop track, \\"The Edge of Glory.\\" Already a single, \\"The Edge of Glory\\" isn't Gaga's most original moment, but it finds her utilizing all of her strengths to perfection. With a saxophone part adding some style and flair more common in a Bruce Springsteen song than in the realm of pop, Gaga bridges the genre gap one final time as she brings her second full-length album to an end.    Is \\"Born This Way\\" the best album of the decade? Absolutely not, but it may prove to be one of the best pop albums of the decade. Lady Gaga is as original as a pop artist is allowed to be in this era of music and for that, she should be applauded.    Track Suggestion: \\"The Edge of Glory\\"
B004K4AUZW|5.0|I love the Euro-Electro-Pop music. It's great. I had some trouble downloading, but I figured it out. I love most of the songs, so far. I just had a change to listen to them and I love them.
B004SBS8LA|2.0|Runs soooo slow on mytouch.  Now can't open rio unless i uninstall and reinstall! second time doing this! some support would be helpful!
B002RKRTGO|1.0|This is one of my favorite Sherlock Holmes tales, and I was thrilled that it could be acquired so cheaply for my Kindle. However, whenever a character reads out loud from a newspaper or other document, the passage being read is missing from this Kindle edition. As such, information vital to the tale is missing. Terrible! Spend more money, and get a comprehensive (and comprehensible!) version.
B00005JL7Q|4.0|Upon reading the film synopsis, I found that it didn't seem particularly interesting. However, once you get into the film, you will realize how hilarious Grant's character Will is and along with some excellent (and clean!) comedy, the film will have you chuckling at the trouble Will gets himself into. The supporting characters are decent as is the film's ending but the writing is what really makes this film. My only issue was that Collete's character (Marcus' mother), was too overbearing and her depressive monologues/crying got old very quickly.<br />Overall, this is a good film, not cheesy and very well written.
0307279189|5.0|mesmerizing. how anyone is able to write a ~300 page book on running that is entertaining is beyond me. Its bizarre that running is the one sport where people enter into full throttle without any training. Learn why people do need to be trained and how they need to be trained. As the title attests, learn about some superhuman creatures that are in the category of Michael Jordan and Pele (minus the fame and money). While I didn't always believe the dialogue (as it sounded insincere at times), I can't help but appreciate a great storyteller when I see one. This is one of the good ones.<br /><br />Thanks for renewing my appreciation of the sport<br /><br />Todd
0156027321|5.0|I bought the book at an airport back about six years ago, and lost sight of it in my bookshelf for some time, recently I read it over a weekend and was very pleased to read a wonderful story that is different and amazing at same time. The beginning of the story sets the stage for the characters. Pi as he decides to called for, is a brief of his actual name Piscine Patel, named after a famous swimming pool in Europe. And the story evolves in a succession of events as random ad the number Pi.<br /><br />Pi's father sells all the animals in the zoo and sets to deliver the animals in a route that passes the filipines en-route to USA where most of animals will be delivered. In the voyage they find a very bad wheter due to a monsoon near the Filipines, the ship sanks and the boy finds a way to board the only boat that makes it safe after the shipwreck. In the chapters following this ordeal, Martel tries to bring to surface the questioning about God's existence and his religious stance about whether or not God really exists and has anything to do with the way our lives unfold.<br /><br />I have read some of the reviews and found very interesting how the readers describe their experience reading this book, In my view this story factual or fiction as we might choose to accept, it is the ver same way our lives take turns everyday and amazing things happen to all of us, sometimes we are not conscious of the importance of little things and how they will affect our present and future.<br /><br />I congratulate Martel for a wondeful story and hope he can write more stories where he will set himself as a remarkable writer. For a first book, I wouldn't ask for any better.
B004FRX0MY|4.0|Let's face it, the interface for actually PLAYING songs is awful.<br />The stop button, and smaller UI would be a good start, though.
0307272702|5.0|The first time I ever heard of Gary Taubes was in my high school French class when I was 16.  Gary was a year ahead of me at our suburban Maryland high school.  We had the same French teacher, but were in different French classes.  I don't remember the French teacher's name, but she had short, bright red hair and an ebullient personality to match.  Evidently she was so impressed by Gary that, in his absence, she started telling my French class about him.  Somewhere in the anecdote, Madame Rouge remarked that she had been speaking with Gary earlier, and she found it tres amusant  that he thought Groton, the school, was a cheese.  Well, I think Gary was ahead of most everyone else in thinking that, because at age 17, few people know of Gratin, the culinary technique, let alone Groton, the school.  Madame Rouge prattled on about him for a full five minutes, so impressed was she with this boy.   I had never heard of Gary, so, as any teenage girl would do, I checked him out.  He was tall, dark and handsome.  And a football star.  Apparently Madame Rouge had the perspicacity to recognize a brilliant mind when she saw one.  She was perhaps his fist fan.  Gary, if you are reading this, please know that Madam Rouge would be so proud of you!  In short, WWGF and Gary's previous book GCBC are the truth and nothing but the truth.  He provides thorough scientific research to back up his theories.   More important is he is right.  His weight loss plan works because it addresses the true reasons people (and animals) get fat:  sugar and simple carbohydrates eaten more than sparingly are dangerous.  As you can see by all the stars Gary's books have received here on Amazon, this is THE book to read if you want to manage your weight and your health.  Congratulations Gary on a job well done; and thank you for your important contributions to nutritional science.
B003UESJHE|1.0|This film was pushed heavily by all media. You heard the many raves and interviews.<br />The question is why? Was it because it was a great film? If you have seen it, you know it was not. Seldom have we seen such acting talent squandered thus.<br />Then why? Might it be because it is PR for the English royals?<br />If you want to watch it, fine, but at least understand that you are watching pro royal propaganda.
B000AYELVA|4.0|Never doubt the efficacy of prayer! X-Men(2000) was a critical and commercial success. It spawned two sequels...and two prequels. The film pleases X-Men fans and non-fans. The film stays true to the comic book and never turns into camp. Patrick Stewart and Hugh Jackman were inspired choices for Professor Charles Xavier(a.k.a. Professor X) and Wolverine. X-Men takes place in a world where mutants are oppressed by \\"normal people\\". Mutants led by Professor Xavier try to be tolerant while mutants led by Magneto(Ian McKellan) are radical and extremist! Magneto has a diabolical weapon that can turn \\"normal people\\" into mutants!    Director Bryan Singer(The Usual Suspects, Apt Pupil, House, Superman Returns) takes the X-Men story seriously. The late Michael Kamen wrote a solid music score for X-Men. The scene where Wolverine and Sabertooth fight on the Statue of Liberty is an homage to A Man Called Hero(1999). X-Men has a fair amount of humor. Cyclops(James Marsden) asks Wolverine if he \\"wants yellow spandex\\". Anna Paquin is quite good as a teenage version of Rogue. Ray Park isn't bad as Toad. He played Darth Maul in Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace(1999). The X-Men film franchise got off to a good start, but now it's struggling to stay alive.
0307593495|5.0|I was devastated, even though I knew about the ending. I guess I was in denial.  Didn't want to believe it.  In my mind, I am always waiting for a new book about Kurt.  And this one was so fabulous!  I finally figured out why I listen on and on and on to Henning Mankell, though, as one of his \\"colleagues\\" noted in New York Magazine, he's \\"boring.\\"  No, he's not \\"boring.\\"  The exquisite writing is a meditation.  Imagine!  A violent detective series that's a meditation!  Wow.  Great writer. Great detective.  Gone to the Great Scandanavian Beyond. I will miss Kurt with all my heart. Oh, well, in a few years I'll go back and read them all again.  Thanks, HM, for giving me hours of pleasure.  I look forward to more of your fiction (I've read most of it, I believe).
B0000BWVCM|4.0|X-Men 2(2003, a.k.a. X2) picks up where the first film left off. Director Bryan Singer tries to emulate The Empire Strikes Back(1980) by turning X-Men 2 into a long chase scene. The government is going to extremes to put mutants into captivity! \\"Peaceful Mutants\\" and \\"Radical Mutants\\" must band together and stay one step ahead of government troops.   Wolverine(Hugh Jackman) stumbles upon a laboratory where he was used in an experiment. John Ottman wrote the music score for X2. He flavors music cues with bits of classical music. This is the first X-Men film where we see Nightcrawler, a blue-skinned mutant with the power to teleport himself to other places. Singer throws in a couple references to Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan(1982). X-Men 2 left a door open for a sequel: X-Men 3(2006).
1400034779|5.0|This book was unexpectedly great!  I knew nothing about this book when I picked it up, and it was such a treat!  It's a lighthearted telling of an independent woman in Botswana who opens a detective agency, and the often funny, sometimes heartrending results of her investigations.  Her intermittent remembrances of her father were so moving I wanted to cry.  An excellent, quick read!
B004K4AUZW|3.0|I prefer \\"The Fame Monster\\" with the 2 CDS, but this isn't bad.  I just think a lot of the songs sound really similar and kind of run together.  The other one had more diversity with the musical styles.  I don't regret getting it though.
B003ZJ0ZX0|5.0|As a person who normally isn't into the music played on the radio, Bruno Mars has a unique quality to his music-one that you just can't stop listening to.<br /><br />Grenade is an instant classic, and Runaway Baby is the perfect opposite in the style of music. Mars's album jumps from the highs to the lows, which makes for the perfect album.<br /><br />Personally, I didn't patricularly care for the duets with other singers, because Mars is a powerful just as he is.<br /><br />The bottom line, this album is the perfect mix of sweet lyrics, heartbreak, and upbeat rythms that make Mars an instant classic and success.
B00280LYIC|4.0|The Lightning Thief falls well outside my reading comfort zone, when I initially sat down to read this book I felt a little silly and was kind of turned off by the initial childishness of the writing style. I had to remind myself that this WAS a children's book and subsequently needed to be held to a different standard.    Once I got past that, something magical happened. I found a story that was not necessarily in-depth, but thoroughly entertaining with characters that kept you amused. Riordan's twist on Greek mythology is fascinating and hilarious; can you imagine seeing Poseidon sitting in a deep sea fishing chair with his trident resting in a fishing pole holder? That's his throne on Olympus. Cerberus enjoys red rubber balls and just needs a new friend, and your math teacher may just be a Fury hellbent on your destruction.    This isn't a deep read and won't unlock some hidden missing piece of your life, but it is thoroughly enjoyable and it is a fast read that you don't have to think too much about.    Buy it and enjoy.
B0013TXA5Y|5.0|love love Jace Wayland .... makes me go Edward who? for those of us who belive in true pure love...throw in a few mythical creatures & tatoos all over this book
0545265355|4.0|4 Teens, Adults, Elderly - Full of Suspense & interpersonal relationships. Buy the three pack set to;    1. save money  2. you'll want to read all 3 and have a hard time putting them down!    I picked up The Hunger Games trilogy, its' popularity and the forecoming movie will continue to propel this series.  Collins is a relationships-story-teller hooking you with the uniqueness and inter-dependencies of the MANY well developed characters... I could truely SEE each of them in my mind and developed feeling about each one.    While romance is not this series strong-suit, perhaps the Author explores loyalty and its implacations on so many levels.    Mockingjay - themematically is good, however, what if the birds were Robotic eyes reporting to the Govt...Collins missed a huge connection to social-media and the networked world we live in.        Happily recommended.
B004VMUS9G|3.0|Since installing my phone clock is 5 minutes ahead of time. It didn't save my preferences for wake up sound.
B000002MY3|5.0|This album is timeless. So full of raw emotion with addicting melodies. I love it, and have been listening to it for 16 years, never gets old.
B002ZG9968|4.0|Overall, I really, really liked The Back-Up Plan.  A typical J-Lo Romantic comedy, it was sweet and funny, just as I would expect.  There were a few parts that were just a little over-the-top (the stew scene!), but mostly it was fun and made me laugh and even drew a few tears.  Alex O'Loughlin is simply to die for, and I was completely in love with him myself by the end of the movie. Just a fun, all-around Chick Flick, for romantic comedy lovers.
1401219268|5.0|This book was awesome.<br />If you've only seen the movie and haven't read this, then fix that... This is a classic.
B0036TGSIK|5.0|I can't believe Easy A doesn't have a better overall rating!  I saw this movie first in a theater with a friend who picks apart every movie we ever see.  But not this time.  We were hooked from the first moment and laughed ourselves sick throughout the whole movie! There was no time to criticize.  Emma Stone as Olive was the perfect fit.  She's funny and abrasive and shows that even a smart girl can make mistakes...and still do the right thing in the end. The supporting cast (especially Stanley Tucci) is delightful and brought it all together.      I was excited to watch it again on DVD when it came out, hoping my young adult daughter would love it as much as I did. Held my breath, because she's super critical, but by the time it was over, she was already online buying her own copy!  It's definitely for older teens due to the subject matter. But a great movie, whether you know anything about the Scarlet Letter or not!
B003Z0D4SM|4.0|I gave 4 stars because every one of my friends who read it really enjoyed it but it didn't do anything for me. Keep in mind, I only read the sample so it may be one of those books that takes takes a few chapters. I just found other samples I tried more interesting so going to get those instead.<br /><br />I have to say, the cover is awesome.  I almost want to buy it just for the cover.
B0051MKNV8|5.0|I was taken in by the opening credits as an outline of a brain turns into a city. I am a big sucker for that microcosm/ macrocosm stuff.<br /><br />Edward has writer's block. He has a book contract for some reason, yet hasn't written a word. His girlfriend, who was his meal ticket leaves him. Bummed out he decides to go live on a bunk bed at Dad's place in New Jersey, but then bumps into his ex-brother-in-law, who is a drug dealer. He offers Edward a pill that increases a person's use of their brain. They can recall everything they have seen or read and can correlate it to increase intelligence. The smarter a person is to begin with, the more data they have to work with. Edward is a smart guy to begin with, so he is able to start his book. The downside is that the pill wears off. Not only does one lose the abilities, but they get a little ADD, and throw up like a heroin addict. Too much of the pill causes a Mr. Hyde type of character including blackouts. Edward's supplier is murdered and Edward finds his stash of pills and a wad of cash.<br /><br />Edward uses his ability to make money on Wall Street. He catches the attention of big time corporations as well as the Russian mafia. He quickly finds out people who take the smart pill eventually die from either taking too much or running out. Edward must try to balance his life.<br /><br />I loved the concept. I loved how they did the drug effect with simple but effective camera tricks. Anyone who has come down off of cocaine, LSD, or heroin knows how Edward feels and he portrays a man coming off drugs very well.<br /><br />I even liked the ending, although the last few minutes should have been stretched out. No nudity.
B004DI7HZ6|5.0|It's quite difficult to gather my thoughts well enough to manage a review. I don't know how or where to begin.<br /><br />I started this book 4 evenings ago, and all I really knew about it was that it was a Witches and Vampires book. Fine, I'll give that a go. As the pages wore on, however, I realized that I was barely making any headway on the % counter. Upon checking, I then found that this book is almost 800 pages long, which is more than almost all of my fantasy DTB's. Wow.<br /><br />I started reading this book just after midnight, thinking I might see how it started before I got some sleep. I think it was somewhere around the 3-5% mark that I noticed that even though I was tired I did not want to stop reading. So not stop is what I did.... I just kept on reading for 7 hours straight, until my alarm went off and tried to wake me. Oops, I'd forgotten to sleep...<br /><br />It has been a very long time since I have read a book that so captivated me and enthralled me. From those early 3-5% it just starts building and building and grabbing a hold of you, refusing to let go.<br />I've read the book, now, in four long sittings, and the only reason I didn't read it all in one sitting is because my body couldn't handle it and I needed to work.<br /><br />I will not go too much into the actual contents of the book, since experiencing it all was a pleasure I wish all of you to experience unblemished by my spoilers.<br />That being said, this is a paranormal romance story, which should on it's own turn me flying as fast and far away as I could muster my body, but it is so beautifully crafted and the romance is so 'mild', that it wasn't a bother at all. Quite to the contrary, the romance is the glue that keeps the story going.<br /><br />This book is one of the few that I give my 5 stars... the mark of perfection. And indication that it could not have been better. Now begins the long wait for the next installment.... a year or more away from us all.
B004XDYJRU|5.0|Great source of premier league football (soccer) live audio streams in the USA.  This is the app I turn to when I'm out and about and would like to keep up on an ongoing premier league game.  The ability to pause/ time shift has definitely come in handy on occasion.
B000024D4R|2.0|I'm obviously in the minority here, but I found Animals to be a disappointment.  Having just revisited this album I find it unimaginative, pretentious and self-indulgent.  I mean, really, a 17 minute song?  While I agree if any band could have pulled it off, Pink Ployd could, but they don't.  If only wiser heads prevailed then more listenable music could have been created.  Look at the diversity of The Dark Side of the Moon, not only their best album but one of the greatest rock albums ever.  Animals pales by comparison.  I'll give them points for audacity, but little else.
0571238343|5.0|There is no other book like this. The new edition are much much better in print and paper quality... Definitely the expanded version worth a buy!    CHEERS animators!
B001OQCV6K|5.0|When I first saw the previews, I didn't expect much out of this movie.  It seemed too much like a comedy than a intriguing mystery from Sherlock Holmes, but contrary to my preceptions, this movie was surprisingly good!    Downey Jr. does an excellent job at playing Holmes- a rugged intelligence, witty comments, and good acting make for a good character.  I think the character development is one of the best parts in the movie.  Watson (Jude Law) also does a good job at being the reluctant sidekick who tries to be the voice of reason before engaging in investigations.    The story is good and makes you replay the events in the movie (and does a good job of allowing you to attempt to put the pieces together and figure out the mystery).  The movie flows pretty quickly which can be annoying for some and then the film will cut back to reveal how an event took place from a different prespective, but makes for solid explanations.    Recommended for anyone and at the price Amazon sells it for, its even better!
B004R0N0TM|4.0|Natalia Kills has seemed to be quite the presence overseas, and it's truly a shame that the US has not been fully exposed to 'Perfectionist', her debut pop album. While she seems to take herself a bit too seriously, especially considering the type of music she is making, Natalia delivers some very solid dance-pop here.    While none of the songs break new ground, Natalia has a commanding presence throughout this disc. It's her music, and she never allows the listener to forget that she's the one singing.  While several of the cuts may seem a bit similar, with their percussion-heavy starts, there are enough standouts to offset this.    Some of the best songs include 'Mirrors', a powerfully seductive song that nearly eclipses the entire record. Thankfully there are songs like the threatening 'Break You Hard' and the cringe-worthy titled but surprisingly good 'Love Is a Suicide' that shine all on their own. Natalia takes a break from her dominant woman stance to deliver the beautiful 'Heaven', detailing the loss of someone special. It's a refreshing moment, one that every 'smart' pop album needs to separate itself from the 'dumb' pop albums that permeate the market. 'If I Was God' is another very good song, with its meaty backbeat that allows the song to run nearly 5 minutes without getting old.    Natalia delivers a strong debut, one that signals toward a strong career in her future. Songs like 'Free' and 'Acid Annie' are overshadowed by the other more superior songs. If you're looking for a good electro-pop record to sink into, this is a great choice.
0307454541|4.0|I liked this book better than I thought I would.  Like watching a tragedy on tv, and not turning away, this book kept me wondering.  I liked it enough to buy the trio of books to see it to it's conclusion.
B004O2O5J2|5.0|Simply one of the best productions of any kind in television history. Also, it is very faithful to a great novel.
0385341008|4.0|This is a nice book about a difficult time in history.  I wasn't aware of the occupation of these islands, and found it very interesting.  What makes this book is the vivid discrption of the characters who are quirky and likable.
1589949811|3.0|**ORIGINAL REVIEW (5/28/11)**: If I were rating the game itself, I would've given it 4 stars minimum. However, rating the core set from the perspective of a standalone product, I (reluctantly) can't give it more than 3 stars. I don't feel that what is contained in the core product is sufficient for long term enjoyment of the game. Allow me to elaborate.<br /><br />Per the rulebook, if you are going to create a custom deck (a tournament legal one anyways), it has to be a *minimum* of 50 cards with no more than 3 copies of each card. What you get in this box is 4 starter decks with approximately 30 cards each. I'm not implying a deck need be tournament legal for casual play or to be enjoyable, but you'll have a difficult time dealing with the harder scenarios \\"as is\\". The reason you need a second core set for 3-4 players is becuase Fantasy Flight knows that the 30 card decks alone aren't going to cut it against harder scenarios. (You can, however, use the starter decks against the Mirkwood scenario quite easily, though players 3 and 4 will need to find another way to track their threat.)<br /><br />While it is possible to mix two starter decks together of different themes, it becomes impractical to do so. You really need a second copy of the same deck (and therefore a second copy of the core set) to get cards you really want to play with in sufficient number. You can never start with more than 3 heroes (and so if you are playing with a mixed bag, you can never have anything other than a 2/1 split or an even more impractical 1/1/1 split) and since you can't play additional heros later (generally speaking, though there are events that let you play them from your discard pile), if you happen to lose your only hero of a certain resource, you can't play any card in your hand of that resource type for the rest of the game. This limitation of resource generation and consequently deck building, I feel, is a flaw of the mechanics itself which is why I wouldn't rate this a 5 star game, even if I were reviewing the game rather than the Core set product.<br /><br />While I do think this game will improve over time, particularly if they address the difficulty in blending your spheres of influence for deck building (or at the very least giving all sphere types availability to cards that allow you to replay heroes), right now I believe it is enough to hinder the single Core set owner from really enjoying the game as much as he or she should be able to. I would've liked to have seen more robust starter decks (why do I need 4 starter decks in a Core set only intended for two people?) or at the very least suggested deck variations for advanced play. As it stands, you're going to have a hard time playing the middle difficulty scenario with 2 players rocking starter decks and you may as well forget the hardest scenario, while the simplest scenario is a cake-walk and isn't really very engaging for more than a play or two just starting out. (Seriously, the difficulty jump from Mirkwood to Anduin is kind of ridiculous.)<br /><br />If you're planning on playing the game, I suggest trying it first, if possible, to see if you enjoy it, and then expect to pony up enough $$ for a second Core set. And even though this isn't a TCG, you're going to have to build some comfort with deck building. I like the game, I think it's fun, but I can't rate what I feel is an incomplete product higher than 3 stars. And by incomplete product, I mean, I feel that you are not given the resources required for 2 players to adequately complete the 3 scenarios supplied.<br /><br />**UPDATE (7/24/11)**: After a few more weeks of playing this game, I've decided I don't like it very much. Even after buying the second Core set, I am finding deck building to be a chore. As I am attempting to stick to the prescribed 50 card decks with only 3 copies of each card, I find I can really only make two decks that are worth a da**. Even if you wanted to just make a mono sphere deck, you haveto buy 2 Core sets for 2 copies of the 30 card starter decks and even then, you have so many garbage cards that are already at the 3 max, you really still can't make a deck that abides by FFG's own rules. And tying resource generation to heroes is an awful mechanic that has led to so many NPE (negative player experiences) that I am now stuck with 2 Core sets and the first expansion that nobody in the gaming group (myself included) really wants to ever play again. The Gollum expansion was highly disappointing, but I'll save that for another review.<br /><br />The purpose of the LCGs was to move past the expensive hobbies of CCGs while retaining some of that flexibility of deck building and enjoyment of that style of gameplay. I feel LOTR isn't really significantly cheaper to get into (the power gamers that would spend a lot on, say, Magic are likely the ones that would buy 3+ Core Sets) and while in theory the mechanics seem solid, there a few aspects of the gameplay that make it notably inferior to other gaming experiences out there. This could have been so much better. As a fan of the book, movies and Decipher's LOTR TCG years ago, I really was looking forward to new and innovative adventures into Middle Earth but this really doesn't deliver.arter decks and even then, you have so many garbage cards that are already at the 3 max, you really still can't make a deck that abides by FFG's own rules. And tying resource generation to heroes is an awful mechanic that has led to so many NPE (negative player experiences) that I am now stuck with 2 Core sets and the first expansion that nobody in the gaming group (myself included) really wants to ever play again. The Gollum expansion was highly disappointing, but I'll save that for another review.   The purpose of the LCGs was to move past the expensive hobbies of CCGs while retaining some of that flexibility of deck building and enjoyment of that style of gameplay. I feel LOTR isn't really significantly cheaper to get into (the power gamers that would spend a lot on, say, Magic are likely the ones that would buy 3+ Core Sets) and while in theory the mechanics seem solid, there a few aspects of the gameplay that make it notably inferior to other gaming experiences out there. This could have been so much better. As a fan of the book, movies and Decipher's LOTR TCG years ago, I really was looking forward to new and innovative adventures into Middle Earth but this really doesn't deliver.
B004R96T00|5.0|This book has it all.  She kept my interest throughout the entire book and I couldn't put it down.  These are two main characters that I thought about long after I finished the book.
B003TJR2HS|5.0|The cable jac works for iPhone 3GS with an otter jacket. With this jac you don't have to remove the jacket to use with your dock with speakers. It can play and/or charge without removing the otter jacket.  Thank you for having this at amazon [[ASIN:B003TJR2HS CableJive dockStubz Charge Converter and 30-pin Pass Through Adapter for iPhone, iPod, and iPad]]
B001UV4XI8|1.0|The voices are completely out of sync with the pictures-in other words, the characters are speaking when the pictures shows no lip movement.  How do I return this item.  Someone didn't check the quality of this movie.  I need my money back too. Must I spend money to get it back to you??    Thank you.    Marilyn Martin.
B004SDSSFY|3.0|My Acer Iconia A500 tablet came with a pre-installed version of the free Docs to Go. Unfortunataly this unlock key is not compatible with that version. I purchased it without realizing this. When I contacted Amazon about this problem they issued a prompt and friendly refund. :-)<br /><br />I then purchased the correct unlock key for Docs to go from the Android Market and that worked fine.<br /><br />I prefer buying my apps from Amazon whenever possible so I hope compatiblity issues of this sort will be cleared up in the future.
B003XT8Y3K|5.0|After listening to Jonas Kaufmann in person recently I baugth this  disc. and I enjoy it very much even it is not quite the same as listening  to himself.  In consert mr Kaufmann gave a wonderful performance with the Icelandic Symphonic orcestra in he new musichall in Reykjavik Harpa.  Mr Kaufmann also showed his personality on stage as a sensitive and warm  person. I am going to listen      to the disc often.
B0040X46TE|5.0|The only place I could find the following cd was on Amazon . I bought the \\"Somewhere over the Rainbow\\" and put everything else on my Amazon account wish list.  My son sent me his entire album for Mothers Day, Thank you Amazon and Bill.<br /><br />Mr IZ as he was known, sings this song \\" Somewhere over the Rainbow\\" so full of feeling that you become part of the voice, it is mesmerizing to a point that you want to play it over and over.  Love his music, his voice , his talent. Now he sings to all the angels in heaven. Lori
B004FOA84A|5.0|Great game a little short but looking forward to the next one. Amazing and fun reminds me of shadow gate for nes.
B004SBQAL0|5.0|didnt know much about the movie except the very few and short trailers i had seen. what a great movie from start to finish. i was on the edge of my seat during most of the movie and found myself wanting to fast forward the movie to see what was gonna finally happen. i highly recommend this movie if you like suspense/thriller types. buying the ble-ray right now.
B000FC1AGG|4.0|The book was so perfectly written.  The flow of the book was more like a movie., perfectly orchestrated.   Im only sad the book didn't even last me a week, because now I need to find a new book.   Lovely story.
B001E45XT4|4.0|I bought this headset around December 2009, and have been using it ever since (currently May 27th, 2011). I have used these headphones daily, and for hours on end each day. I have used this headset for many instances of music, gaming, and video/voice chat programs.     The headset is relatively comfortable, at first it seemed to be a tight fit on my head (albeit I have a pretty big head), but after a week or so, it got looser and fit my head better. That being said, the headset actually broke around August 2010, but I fixed it with super glue and duct tape. Ever since then, it's been perfectly fine and working as new. The ear cups are pretty big, though that's not much of a complaint, as it'll likely fit anyone's ears.    The sound that comes from this headset is actually an above average quality, especially the bass. For a cheap headset, I was expecting much worse bass quality. It doesn't do much for sound-cancelling on its own, but with sounds being played, there isn't much that you can hear going on outside. At max volume, the headset is even useful to be used as speakers in a relatively quiet area.    I've used the headset on Skype, Ventrilo (for WoW), and a few other voice chat programs. I've not had any complaints about poor microphone quality, and have actually heard myself on another computer through Ventrilo, and must say that it sounded as much like me as other recordings of me have sounded. So again, it is above average in that aspect.    The headset comes with a volume control and mute switch on the cord about 2 feet away from the headset. This makes controlling the volume very simple, rather than having to use the system volume controls, if you're using a laptop. The mute switch is also very handy, so that you do not have to mute your microphone within the specific voice chat program.    Overall, for a headset that is less than $50 (I bought it for about $40, it's gotten cheaper since then), this headset is definitely worth it, it lasted about 9 monthsbefore it broke, but the break was a simple fix due to the way the headset is made. Having a headset last (so far) over a year and a half at this price is definitely worth buying.
B004HWYTP4|2.0|I really did. The premise was good, and I enjoyed the trailer. For me, where it went wrong, is the casting. Bruce Willis and Mary Louise Parker have absolutely no chemistry whatsoever. That made the lines fall flat and turned this movie into a complete dud for me. The secondary characters (Helen Mirren in particular) were great, but it wasn't enough to carry the movie.
B004MOMT2M|2.0|People who works in this remaster maybe work in hard way. But the result is not big deal if you compare with others remasters done to the other records from the same age.  Don´t buy this one if you exected excellent sound. Buy it if you´re a Rush fan.
1551116553|5.0|You know the story, but have you actually read the tale?<br /><br />Victorian London: A lawyer investigates the mysterious connection between a horrible little man and a client -- a highly esteemed physician of no previous ill repute. As the story unfolds, we learn that the respectable Dr. Jekyll and the awful Mr. Hyde are two sides of the same coin, as Dr. Jekyll has created a potion that allows his dark side to take bodily form. Dr. Jekyll secretly drinks his potion at night, allowing Mr. Hyde to roam the streets (doing God-knows-what), but he begins to lose control over his counterpart. Mr. Hyde commits a truly horrendous act, and the transformations start to occur without Dr. Jekyll even drinking the concoction.<br /><br />I rather enjoyed this book. It was short, and, as it turns out, film adaptations and common knowledge of the story are unusually faithful (so there are few surprises). However, Stevenson's superb writing skills expertly turn the wind swept, nighttime streets of London into a spooky gothic setting. Not least of all, Jekyll and Hyde will force you to ask yourself some deep philosophical questions about humanity and morality.<br /><br />You already know the story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, but if you like Victorian mysteries, gothic horror tales, or contemplating the nature of good and evil, you will still enjoy reading it.
B004YKNCKC|3.0|Bought the full album in hopes of rekindling the magic.  Most of the songs on the album are not strong.  There are several, however, that made the purchase worth it to hear the classic C.Cross.  Dreamers, November, Leave it to Me and Prayin' have enough in them to put on the IPod.  I think the songs themselves, as a whole, are not that great -- save those I've pointed out.  I think supporting this artist will allow him to step up to higher quality next time around, but if you are a fan the four songs (plus maybe Doctor Faith -- which is so-so) make the album worth the price at below $10.00.  That is about equivalent to a trip to McDonalds with the kids.    I'd like to see C.Cross take on some other songs from other writers as his skills are lacking by today's standards, but he still has that unique voice.  Also, the engineering on this album was wanting. In all, spend the money if you are a fan and can afford it.  We will hope for a better turn next time.
B003FK8V7G|4.0|Not quite as good as The 59 Sound but it's a very solid record.  If you youtube a couple of songs off this album and enjoy them then you'll enjoy this album as it isn't really a \\"grower\\" as an album.  It's pretty straigforward punk with a every mans slant on the lyrics.
B003BG4KHE|5.0|This has to be one of my favorite albums of all time. IMHO this was some of Jimi's best work. Great purchase and video footage to boot. The video footage is a pretty interesting inexplanation of how the tracks were remastered. Glad I made this purchase !
B003W5C0VM|5.0|It´s wonderfull. If u know and like, must buy. If don´t, buy anyway and u will love.    Image is not full hd cause it´s shows a tour in 1972.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|I HAVE READ ALL THE BOOKS WRITTEN BY NICHOLAS SPARKS AND THIS WAS TRULY ONE OF HIS BEST IN MY OPINION.  I ENJOYED IT FROM BEGINNING TO END.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS ONE.  IT WAS SO GOOD THAT NOW I MUST FIND ANOTHER BOOK TO READ THAT WILL BE EQUALLY AS GOOD.  WISH ME LUCK IN MY SEARCH AND WOULD APPRECIATE ANY SUGGESTIONS.  HAVE A GREAT DAY, DEBBI
1597801585|5.0|I love the concept of genetic engineering altering the environment beyond our control and the ramifications of this.  Perfect ending.
B000002GYW|5.0|Purchased this item for my husband to listen to while riding his motorcycle.  He loves it and listens to it quite often.  We received it on time and there was no scratches or cracks on the case.  The CD itself was free from scratches and plays great.  I will use this seller again.
B004J1DBJI|4.0|There's a newer version in the Android market so it sees this one as an older version. Can't update it there without buying it again so I get constant update reminders. Either fix it from showing up in the regular market or keep all update synchronized.
B004K4AUZW|4.0|I'm 50+ yrs. old and became a die-hard Gaga fan when I first heard \\"Just Dance\\" two years ago while flipping through my Siruis channels in the car, and I just bought the Special Edition CD of \\"Born This Way.\\"  The first time I listened to it, with my headphones on to catch every note, I wasn't sure how I felt about all the tracks - two I already knew from the radio, some I thought were good, some I was unsure about. Then I pulled out the lyrics, listened again and sang along - I am now addicted to this ENTIRE CD!  The music is fantastic, I hear 70's, 80', 90's and 21st Century influence throughout.  She goes from pop to punk to gospel and a lot of heavy metal, sometimes all in the same song.  She sounds totally different from song to song, yet still all Gaga!  The lyrics are amazing, I love how she interjects a quick line of goofy humor and her own craziness while singing about love and life.  She takes tiny bits from some songs, past and present, and puts them into other songs so you feel her songs are all connected to each other.  I also love that I am able to make my own interpretation of what each song is about (\\"Government Hooker\\" -a jab at my ex-NYS Gov. Spitzer, perhaps?  \\"Bad Kids\\" about P. Hilton and N. Richie in their day?). Who knows, I don't even care to know the real meaning of the songs (I know some people who have to) because having my own makes it so much more fun for me and this whole CD is fabulous and fun!  Don't take the songs too seriously (like the Catholic League...), enjoy the music and definitely listen to every word.  I dance and sing through the house to it and my husband thinks I'm nuts because he thinks Gaga is nuts, but I can't get enough of Born This Way!
B004DI7HZ6|5.0|After reading the first installment in the Twilight series and hating it completely, I was loathe to try another forray into a &#34;vampire&#34; story.  However, A Discovery of Witches is so well-written, with a careful attention to detail (both seriously lacking in the other book), that I found myself completely sucked in.  I could not put the book down.  The only downside to this read is that now I have to wait while she writes book number two. And, that is going to require some serious patience. Great book, easy read, detailed plot and characters. In short, it should be a definite addition to your summer reading list.
1936719010|5.0|I love this book! His no-nonsense in your face, kick in the pants, get out of your head message is so brilliant. Anytime you feel stuck, discouraged or feel like giving up on your dreams, all you need to do is pick up this book and it will motivate you. A must-have book for anyone who wants to break away from the status quo and live an extraordinary life! I recommend this book to my clients who are searching for true love. It applies to anything in life you want to achieve. Short, to-the-point, and powerful.
0307913090|5.0|This book surprised me the only reason I got it was to see what the big deal was to make it into a series on HBO. So this is for the folks like me who are watching the show and wondering what might I be missing. The answer is everything yes the show is great but the book is so much better and the characters are explained in so much detail. Sir Roy Dotrice is brilliant in the way he plays each person in the book making them their own person. I encourage you if you are on the fence about getting this book I would suggest that you do. You are going to enjoy the story so much that you will start looking for the next one right away.  I did.  Joe
B002EEP3NO|5.0|i bought this for my six & eight year old nephews.  they loved it.  the box said for fourteen and over, but they had no trouble assembling this.  it only took them four afternoons to do the whole model.
B003ZSH606|5.0|When an album takes a complicated issue and puts it in simple terms, it is easy to miss the obvious and take it for granted. While most of the previous albums have dealt with soothing the mind, Rock Dust Light Star takes on a much more challenging subject matter - primal emotions. The fears, anxieties and crushed hopes and dreams that we learned to live without over the years, the emotions that we buried... are all explored and explained away on the album. Try dancing to it, and see how much it hurts to go into that space. It will remind you of things that went wrong and fell apart... and explain why. That's why he's able to come out with confidence, showing his face on the album. Years of experience, and finally, a message to share, to pull us all out of the dark. You know you are healed when you can pull out afterwards and smile when the song is over. You know you are heading to a better place when you can finally laugh it all away. This album gave me my life back and set me back on track. Go back to the first times you fell in love. Remember it, so you can move on, to your better self. Have the courage to work it out.
0756404738|5.0|Having read many books in the fantasy genre it's refreshing to have a new writer with a tight and well written storyline! Thank you!
B000025KNI|5.0|A well meaning album with forceful intention is easy to categorize as rebellious, but it is not. Most of us grow up becoming what we are told to be, and when we fall short of social expectations, we numb ourselves or give up. This album wakes us up, forces us to move forward whether we like it or not, to fight against peer and social pressure. It is better to free yourself up and discover what you are meant to be here for, than to give up or give in. It challenges us to connect to the music, to let it lift us up to a higher platform, so that we can see the future clearly, and participate in making it better.
030746363X|1.0|A triumph of form over substance.    A simple exercise in outrageous marketing.    All the evidence one needs is in the book title.    Unfortunately I foolishly scanned a few chapters and I will never recover that wasted hour.
B000AA302U|5.0|My personal favorite. A discovery that I can't get enough of. I think it's interesting that the tone can stay relatively the same throughout the album, while exploring a range of emotions and perceptions all at once. They are stories of a man who can go anywhere, experience anything, and not lose himself. They are stories of finding love in the most unexpected places, and still being able to keep life in perspective. The album almost feels like a question... why isn't love happening, when it is all around? Is it worth waiting for sparks to fly, or is it better to move on? The album toys with the possibility that perhaps it is greed and corruption that is making us forget how to love.
B004EPZ06G|4.0|When The Hangover was released in 2009 and became a box-office sensation and a cultural phenomenon, it also made a sequel an inevitability. When official word came that one had been greenlit, I, like many others, wondered how it could be made without repeating the same formula. Without that formula, it's not really a sequel so much as a new film with the same characters. Apparently, director Todd Phillips had the same thought and returns with what, at face value, looks like the laziest sequel in years. Following the exact same template as the first, The Hangover Part II is less of a sequel and more of a remake. Change the location from Vegas to Thailand, switch Doug out for Stu's brother-in-law, change the jokes, and you're left with a sequel that essentially follows it's predecessor note-for-note. After all, Hollywood is notorious for putting no effort into a sequel when it has a built-in audience and is a sure-fire hit. I admit that I had reservations going in, but as I settled in to watch the film I found that what I mistook for laziness was actually logic; \\"If it ain't broke, don't fix it.\\" Whether you find this logical or not, this was Todd Phillips' logic while making this film and, defying all logic, it actually works.    The film reunites Doug (Justin Bartha), Phil (Bradley Cooper), and Stu (Ed Helms) as they prepare to travel to Thailand for Stu's wedding to fiancee Lauren (Jamie Chung). Due to what happened in Vegas, they all agree to not invite Alan (Zach Galifianakis) and only change their minds out of guilt when he discovers their plan. Once in Thailand, the four decide to have a small bonfire by the beach along with Lauren's 16-year-old brother Teddy (Mason Lee). Phil, Stu, and Alan awake the next morning in a Bangkok hotel room and find themselves in a remarkably familiar situation. This time, however, Doug is safe (having left the bonfire early) and it is Teddy who is missing.     If you've seen the first film, you can fill in the rest from here. Every plot point is basically the same, just tweaked ever-so-slightly. Remember baby Carlos and the tiger from the first film? Well now there's a monkey and a Buddhist monk. The main cast is all here, but there's plenty of familiar faces too, with Ken Jeong and Jeffrey Tambor reprising their roles as Mr. Chow and Sid Garner, respectively. Even Bryan Callen who played Eddie (the owner of the wedding chapel) appears, albeit in a different role. New faces include Paul Giamatti and Nick Cassavetes (who replaced Liam Neeson, after the actor was unable to re-shoot his cameo).    Making a sequel to The Hangover could not have been an easy task. Not only was it a box office hit, but many of the film's jokes and bits of dialogue have become a part of the cultural vernacular. With a movie that has become so ingrained into moviegoer's collective consciousness, how can a sequel expect to achieve the same effect? Rather than trying to force this sequel into the same realm, Phillips and his cast rely on one of the most important factors of the original's success: the chemistry between the three principal actors. Cooper, Helms, and Galifianakis slip back into their roles effortlessly and manage to capture the magic that made the last film such a joy to watch. Although the three have vastly different comedic styles, they somehow blend together and bounce off of each other perfectly. Sure the element of surprise is missing and the sequel is a little darker in tone, but all the essential ingredients are here, along with the added bonus of the beautiful scenery of Thailand (admittedly juxtaposed with some of the grittier areas of Bangkok).    The humor of both films is raunchy and irreverent, built on stupid rather than sophisticated humor. Even so, there is intelligence behind the irreverence which makes these films appeal to such a wide audience. However, Part II does seem more crude and much raunchier than it's predecessor with many jokes and shots pertaining to male anatomy. There isnothing here that is likely to offend fans of the original, although Phillips seems to be testing the limits of the MPAA's 'R' rating. The bottom-line is that the main cast retains their chemistry together and the new players, particularly Giamatti, are funny enough to keep the film from being bogged down and becoming a pointless retread of earlier material. The film does take some cheap jabs at Asian stereotypes, but this is unlikely to offend the intended audience as Asian stereotypes are hardly a new thing for this series (Mr. Chow was, after all, in the first film).    Critics have come down hard on the film, but, as of this writing, audiences seem satisfied (the film currently holds a 7.2 on IMDB). It's easy to see why critics have shown dismay for it, but none of them seem convinced that it's a bad film, simply one they were already subjected to a couple years ago. This movie is critic-proof; it's not for film critics and film scholars, but for people who enjoyed the first movie. Is The Hangover Part II better than it's predecessor? Probably not, as this one lacks the fresh, new, and surprising quality of the first. There was a certain spark that the filmmakers could not hope to replicate due to the familiarity of the first movie. With that in mind, I can't imagine you not liking this film if you enjoyed the original, as they are two parts of the same entity; the jokes are different, but everything else is the same. I saw the film in a theatre with roughly 30 people who reacted with the same riotous laughter that I heard people react to the first film with. I don't know how Todd Phillips successfully made an effective, funny movie by remaking his own work...But he did. While it's unlikely to achieve the iconic status of it's predecessor, The Hangover Part II is a worthy companion piece to a comedy that many people already consider a classic.    GRADE: B
B004IFYMYI|5.0|I already had the DVD and got the Blu-ray. Nothing was wrong with the dvd version, but the blu-ray is an improvement. The special features of the blu-ray are interesting, such as a comparison of New York shots from the 1976 movie and the modern locations, and three commentaries. I didn't notice much of a difference in sound and video until I played the blu-ray on my tv and compared it to the dvd playing in my laptop at the same time. The picture is indeed sharper and the colors are MUCH more vibrant, making the dvd transfer seem washed out.  It's definitely worth the few extra dollars to get blu-ray, but there's nothing wrong with the old dvd presentation. Any way to see this classic independent film is worth your time and money.
0817439390|5.0|A little background first:  I learned photography in the 1970's from my dad, who was a semi-pro.  He taught me a lot about composition but not enough about exposure.  As a result, I have always had a good sense of composition but a very rudimentary understanding of exposure.  Now that I have my first DSLR, I quickly realized that I have a LOT to learn about exposure.    Bryan Peterson's Understanding Exposure is close to perfect for my needs.  He explains why one uses a particular aperture setting, when to use that setting and what the result will be.  Same with shutter speed and to a lesser extent, ISO.  He explains how to take a good image of a waterfall, a sunset, a back-lit subject, etc., etc.  This has been extremely educational and beneficial towards my personal goal of growing my photographic skills.      As a result of reading the wonderful book, I am now shooting on manual for the first time since the 1970's.  My confidence in trying new techniques and experimenting outside my comfort zone has grown 100%.      I highly recommend this fine book to anyone who is interested in learning more than they already know about exposure.
B000H5TVJY|4.0|Please describe the audio and video quality of any Blu-Ray you review.  Thanks to those who do this.<br /><br />I must have a different Blu-Ray version than others, because I thought the video quality was excellent.  Only one short, dark scene was bad.  The rest of it was great.  Some of the faces looked like plastic though, but that could have been the makeup.  Most of the movie looked very high-def.<br /><br />The audio soundtracks were a little outdated.  I had the choice of \\"English 6.1 DTS ES\\" (High Resolution), and \\"English Dolby Digital 5.1 EX\\".  I selected the DTS, and it was very good, although the movie didn't have a whole lot of surround sound.
B004PEJ1H0|1.0|Sorry Mate. I have been awestruck by most of your recordings and lyrics. Someone pulled your cord on this recording. Glad it went to charity, this was the most disapointing song I have ever heard from GM. What got into you to record this song through a computer. Just miserable to sit through. I gave it away to a New Order fan and he called me up and laughed at how bad it was. Sorry man, I do love you otherwise.
B00005NB8K|1.0|The movie is amazing..Val Kilmer deserved an Oscar for his roles..Maybe the best acting role in the 1990s.    Ok..The DVD 2 disk special edition..You'd expect the movie to be a proper transfer..Heck, the put released it with 2 DVDs..NOPE..    It is in widescreen letterbox 2.35:1..BUT it is so small that it's a little bot in the center of the screen(bars on the top, bottom, right, and left...big ones)..You need to use the zoom function...or the cinema function on your TV to make it full screen letter box 2.35:1    In doing this..it greatly reduces the video quality...WOW..I was shocked.    I've only encountered this ONE OTHER TIME on a straight to video junk movie from Netflix a year or more ago..I've never seen this codec used..it is like it was made for use in a video ipod.    I have \\"Gladiator\\" Extended edition with both Theatrical and Extended on one DVD..Same with \\"Apocalypse Now Redux\\" so it isn't a size limitation as both those films fit on a dual layer DVD..    I do not understand why they would do this..Maybe Hollywood does truly hate Oliver Stone
B004FRX0MY|3.0|Plays well on my EVO Shift, but features need improving. Can't delete a song. Difficult to maintain playlists... for example, can't tell what playlist, or playlists, a song has already been added to.
1596680199|5.0|They say that this books is the same as How to Make Polymer Clay Beads [Import]  [Paperback], A & C Black Publishers Ltd (February 28, 2007),ISBN-10: 0713678593.    I just can not Express enough how WONDERFUL & INSPIRING this book is.     She (Carol Blackburn) shows from the beginning of working with Polymer Clay, taking you further to more advanced ways of using Polymer Clay to make Beautiful and Special Beads, in different Shapes, Colours & Textures.     What I liked as well was the FAUX techniques: Leather, Wood, Onyx, Veined Marble, Ivory and Bone, Coral, Mother-of-Pearl and so on.     Its a GEM, that you won't regret buying. I am sure you wont lent it to anyone, because this is the book to go back to it for Help & Inspirations.     Enjoy it. ;-)
0545265355|4.0|The whole trilogy is enjoyable, the books are fairly fast-paced and will keep you glued to the pages for hours at a time. It contains very vivid imagery and Collins definitely understands how to leave the reader wanting more; every \\"scene\\" urges you to keep on reading, just to find out wether Katniss acts how you would expect her to, wether she triumphs or fails. In spite of the thrilling spirit of the story, I found the writing only just a tad above acceptable, with the occasional spelling or grammar accident (this last is more the editorial team's fault though). Apart from this, I also couldn't help but lift my eyebrow at some of the decisions characters made (I won't mention any of these so as not to spoil anything for you), decisions that no one would ever make --no matter how distant into the future or how much society has changed-- that made the story seem a little far-fetched and silly. Then again I understand that the books are aimed to a young audience, but, I'm 16, so I'm part of that audience and I still found it hard to swallow. Also, hasn't anyone ever thought that a book about children fighting each other to bloody deaths might not be the best thing for young kids to read and follow as a cult? I always thought that was strange. Anyways, the books are good despite the things I pointed out; especially the first two.
B004LL1HM4|4.0|I enjoy this album very much, a beautiful vocal and instrumental drawing mainly from folk traditions, and in that one can indeed hear swathes of music that remind of the 60s and 70s and most often of Crosby-Nash.  But comparisons I've read to CSN seem overdrawn for two reasons.  First, because Fleet Foxes basically has a single lead singer and a lot of background, choral style vocal harmonizing (ooh, ahh) that could be done through studio overdubs and perhaps to a great extent was.  Not the same as three singer/songwriters trading leads and often blending their individualistic voices into beautiful harmonies.  Second, FF has no Stephen Stills or comparable counterpoint to the sweetness. With his blues and Latin influences Stills brought greater diversity to CSNs sound, not to mention killer guitar work.  Nobody in FF displays such chops.
1907698140|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo1QAYPNW1WN7GP]]WITH EXPERT COMMENTARY ON THEIR PRACTICAL IMPLICATIONS<br /><br />An Appreciation by Phillip Taylor MBE and Elizabeth Taylor of Richmond Green Chambers<br /><br />If you're a family law practitioner you're no doubt keen to familiarize yourself with the new Family Procedure Rules, as they modernize and streamline many aspects of the current procedures.  Author Stephen Parker's eagerly awaited and timely new guide for the summer of 2011 from Law Society Publishing will certainly make it much easier for you to do so.<br /><br />These new rules, as Parker points out, borrow extensively from the Civil Procedure Rules in respect of a number of new powers which are well explained in the first 100 pages.<br /><br />Replacing all those rules governing the practice and procedure in family proceedings, the FPR 2010 provide for a single set of rules for the courts, and codes of procedure, whether in the High Court, county court or magistrates' court.  `Supplemented by dedicated practice directions, (PDs) and forms,'...they bring together `various procedural provisions into one single package', stresses the author, a highly qualified solicitor advocate and leading family law authority, who lectures and runs courses on the new Rules.<br /><br />Taking a practical, plain English approach, this thorough and thoroughly up-to-date guide covers all pertinent areas, including the rules of court...the key changes...and the practical implications of the rules.<br /><br />In the two appendices, (which actually comprise the bulk of the book after the first 100 pages), the text of the rules is provided in full (Appendix 1) and in the very extensive and detailed Appendix 2, you'll find all the relevant practice directions.<br /><br />For those who are in any way involved with family law matters, this book is not merely a mine of information on this subject, it is the definitive and therefore indispensible guide to this significant change to family proceedings.<br /><br />Remember, the new Family Procedure Rules 2010, SI 2010 /2955 (FPR 2010) were ultimately laid before Parliament on 17 December 2010 and came into force on 6 April 2011.  So if you have not yet acquired Stephen Parker's `Family Procedure Rules 2010', you'll need to rush out and buy it right now.  It is your indispensible aid to best practice in family law.<br /><br />The publication date of the title is the spring of 2011 and practitioners will find the practical help invaluable as the new rules are applied- and we get used to them!2010 /2955 (FPR 2010) were ultimately laid before Parliament on 17 December 2010 and came into force on 6 April 2011.  So if you have not yet acquired Stephen Parker's `Family Procedure Rules 2010', you'll need to rush out and buy it right now.  It is your indispensible aid to best practice in family law.      The publication date of the title is the spring of 2011 and practitioners will find the practical help invaluable as the new rules are applied- and we get used to them!
0061914177|5.0|If you have even a hint of starting your own business ... This is the book for you! Audio version is super!!! Can't say enough good about the content and delivery.  Enjoy.
1849460191|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo17NH9KLRCJJ6A]]THE UP TO DATE BOOK ON THE LAW OF BRITISH OVERSEAS TERRITORIES - AND THE FIRST IN FORTY-FOUR YEARS!<br /><br />An Appreciation by Phillip Taylor MBE and Elizabeth Taylor<br /><br />The gradual disappearance of the British Empire and its subsequent metamorphosis into a Commonwealth of Nations continues generally to be a topic of interest, not just to historians, but for many members of the public at large and especially to lawyers.<br /><br />We were surprised therefore to read in the Foreword to this scholarly and very readable work from Hart Publishing, that it's the first study in 44 years on the topic of law in this specific area; that is, the law and practice relating to British Overseas Territories.<br /><br />As the learned and expert authors, Hendry and Dickson, point out, the great authority on this subject was Sir Kenneth Roberts-Wray's `Commonwealth and Colonial Law' published in 1966.  As its worthy successor, `British Overseas Territories Law' contributes a much needed fresh and topical examination of this somewhat overlooked area of law.<br /><br />The old Empire is consigned to history, of course, but there are still fourteen British Overseas Territories out there: not just obscure and remote ones like Tristan da Cunha, Pitcairn and South Georgia, (not to mention a large chunk of the Antarctic), but densely populated, thriving territories with dynamic economies -- based largely on tourism and financial services -- like The Cayman Islands, British Virgin Islands, Gibraltar and Bermuda.<br /><br />As is pointed out, none of these territories so far have applied for independence, enjoying as they do, numerous advantages via their linkages with Britain, including the much envied benefit of self-determination.<br /><br />The Introduction contains definitions of the salient terms: such as `colony', `possession' and `territory'. The definitions can be rather wide and complicated, but as the authors state that \\"all British overseas territories fall within the definition of `British possession' in the Interpretation Act 1978\\".  Practitioners who deal with cross-border and/or offshore financial services issues would do well to acquire additional background information on these territories from this fascinating and highly relevant book for 2011.<br /><br />Referred to as a manual of law and practice - which is what it is,  `British Overseas Territories Law' provides a comprehensive examination of a wealth of issues pertaining to British Overseas territories, from their sources of law and human rights protection to the nationality and status of their respective populations, their finance arrangements and their relationship with the European Union.<br /><br />A useful Annex examines the key features of all fourteen overseas territories in turn, from the history of each territory, to its courts, law and economy.  Equally useful are the extensive Tables of Cases, Laws of the British Overseas Territories and United Kingdom Statutes.<br /><br />Legal practitioners, not to mention historians, will no doubt pounce on this very timely book, already regarded as the definitive authority in this increasingly important area of law. While the law is stated as at 15 October 2010, the authors have taken account of certain developments since then to give us the most up-to-date statement on this area of law after 44 intervening years of dramatic colonial changes.ish possession' in the Interpretation Act 1978\\".  Practitioners who deal with cross-border and/or offshore financial services issues would do well to acquire additional background information on these territories from this fascinating and highly relevant book for 2011.       Referred to as a manual of law and practice - which is what it is,  `British Overseas Territories Law' provides a comprehensive examination of a wealth of issues pertaining to British Overseas territories, from their sources of law and human rights protection to the nationality and status of their respective populations, their finance arrangements and their relationship with the European Union.       A useful Annex examines the key features of all fourteen overseas territories in turn, from the history of each territory, to its courts, law and economy.  Equally useful are the extensive Tables of Cases, Laws of the British Overseas Territories and United Kingdom Statutes.    Legal practitioners, not to mention historians, will no doubt pounce on this very timely book, already regarded as the definitive authority in this increasingly important area of law. While the law is stated as at 15 October 2010, the authors have taken account of certain developments since then to give us the most up-to-date statement on this area of law after 44 intervening years of dramatic colonial changes.
B004SB60OC|5.0|The single Jar of Hearts hooked me before the album came out. Then I downloaded the album and have listened to it as background music for hours on end. I absolutely love this album. It's sad, but in a cathartic way (feel-good sadness). Hope she wins best new artist!
184113953X|5.0|[[VIDEOID:moVI7MQ050X1IC]](INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS) GLOBALLY<br /><br />An Appreciation by Phillip Taylor MBE and Elizabeth Taylor of Richmond Green Chambers<br /><br />If you're reading this and you're not in the legal profession, (or not yet), TRIPS means: \\"Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property\\".  Business, the creativity that accompanies it - and the intellectual property that results - have all, probably in most respects, gone global and so have most issues relating to intellectual property.  In the wake of a number of significant IP directives and agreements, such IP issues will inevitably impact on world trade in different ways for the immediate future.<br /><br />The author, Professor Hiroko Yamane, in her thorough and analytical explorations of such issues, touches on the potential impact created by a regulated IP environment on different areas referred to as the industrialized nations...the developing countries...and the leading emerging economies such as India and China.<br /><br />Having perused her comments for the most part, we gather that she feels that a `one-size-fits-all' policy, or policies, for IP regulation worldwide will not necessarily benefit business in all countries or trading environments. And that's the dilemma!<br /><br />Nonetheless, with the protection of IPRs (intellectual property rights) having become an established global issue now, the TRIPS Agreement has evolved with a view to outlining  and indeed establishing  minimum standards for IPR protection for members of the WTO (World Trade Organisation) over a vast range of creative endeavours, from IT to the pharmaceutical and biological sciences.<br /><br />It's interesting that the author and -- presumably the impressive global team of IP experts she mentions in her acknowledgements -- take a cautious approach here, warning that `the benefits of TRIPS are more questionable in poorer countries where national infrastructure for research and development and social protection are inadequate...and the cost of innovation is high'. Hmm.<br /><br />IPR protection, she argues, `should be supporting domestic policies for innovation and investment.'  At the same time, she advocates the benefits of international co-operation in on IP issues.  Bearing such diverse views in mind, Yamane's extremely erudite book does much to shed light on the various attitudes worldwide to the role of intellectual property rights as incentives for innovation and investment, while also examining the ongoing worldwide debate over IPRs.<br /><br />A copiously researched and monumentally impressive magnum opus, this book will undoubtedly provide a welcome and authoritative contribution to such a debate, particularly among specialist IP practitioners and academics.  Meticulously footnoted and indexed, it contains extensive tables of cases and legislation over a worldwide range of jurisdictions. So, if you're in any way involved in cross-border matters relating to intellectual property, this book with its global perspective should prove a useful and thought provoking addition to your professional library.ovation is high'. Hmm.      IPR protection, she argues, `should be supporting domestic policies for innovation and investment.'  At the same time, she advocates the benefits of international co-operation in on IP issues.  Bearing such diverse views in mind, Yamane's extremely erudite book does much to shed light on the various attitudes worldwide to the role of intellectual property rights as incentives for innovation and investment, while also examining the ongoing worldwide debate over IPRs.      A copiously researched and monumentally impressive magnum opus, this book will undoubtedly provide a welcome and authoritative contribution to such a debate, particularly among specialist IP practitioners and academics.  Meticulously footnoted and indexed, it contains extensive tables of cases and legislation over a worldwide range of jurisdictions. So, if you're in any way involved in cross-border matters relating to intellectual property, this book with its global perspective should prove a useful and thought provoking addition to your professional library.
006145205X|5.0|This book takes us to the origin of the world and I already assimilated over half of the book and it is beneficial food for thaughts. Don't worry be happy!!!
B004G600A4|5.0|Great family movie! My children's ages range from 2-22 yrs and all of us loved it! My baby and I  watched it every night before bed for 2 weeks straight! We will enjoy this movie for years to come. It's a must-have for your Disney library!
B001KOFH2G|5.0|Let me first say the blu ray audio and video quality is very good, which increases ones enjoyment of the movie.<br /><br />The movie is not simply a long episode of Firefly.  It is darker, more focused with a lot of serious action.  To accomplish this, it has to give up some of the whimsy of the series.  You may miss this in the beginning of the movie, but as the story line draws you in and you begin to realize what is at stake for the characters, you become less concerned with comic relief and more concerned with what lies ahead.  As the movie nears its conclusion, the intense action and gut-wrenching occurrences, grab you and hold you there.  It is an emotional experience.<br /><br />This movie is different than the series it is based on, but has the same excellence.
B0045HCJRQ|5.0|I never tire of watching this movie.  It has so many twists and turns that keep you glued.  Richard Gere has never looked better, all tan and hunky!
0385342039|5.0|Breezy writing, improbable situations, and against all odds, enables suspension of disbelief (ghost and all). The novel has layers and a touching moral to the story. I don't want to provide any spoilers. I'll just say that by the time I got to the end I found the book to be surprisingly satisfying. I look forward to a sequel.
0446402397|5.0|I loved this book! It's an intelligent thriller that kept me reading. A couple other reviewers have mentioned the torture scenes; I'm pretty squeamish, and I didn't think they were bad at all, so don't let that stop you from reading this!
B0033QEQGW|3.0|These recordings served their day honourably but they've been superceded. Indeed, their eclipse started as far back as the late Sixties when the near-contemporaneous cycle from the Italiano Quartet appeared [[ASIN:B00000410T Mozart: String Quartets (Complete Mozart Edition, Vol. 12)]], followed in succession by the Alban Berg Quartet (Teldec) [[ASIN:B000024MCP Alban Berg Quartet Mozart: String Quartets Nos. 14 - 23]] and the ever-trusty Chilingirans (my personal favourite) [[ASIN:B00005Y4FS Mozart: The Ten Great String Quartets]]. Moreover, these recordings sound their age and DG, from what I can tell, has merely reissued the old remastering.<br /><br />I'm mystified: nowadays, why would anyone prefer them to these alternatives, to say nothing of Mosaiques Quartet? It's now a buyers' market.<br /><br />Yes, key repeats are omitted but there is a more ingrained problem: Norbert Brainin's vibrato. There is no running away from it. It cannot be muted. It is enough to drive one into the slick arms of the Hagen Quartet, which is a fate to be avoided.  When the first violin is running amok, the ensemble sounds less than the sum of its parts. Furthermore, many of Amadeus' interpretations are not overly perceptive. There is much more, say, to the slow movement of K 590 than what they find (to wit, the Chilingirians)<br /><br />Lamentably, Deutsche Grammophon is no longer the power house that it once was. Lazy reissues like the box in question are further demonstrations of atrophy and putrescence. Avoid.
B00005NKKY|4.0|It was great adding an early Simon & Garfunkel CD to my collection.  What I would really like is a list of what's included on each CD.  This would eliminate many repetitions and help in selection.  \\"Bookends\\" is one of my favorites, showing how the two began developing their style. As I said, a list of CD contents will hone my future purchases.
B004EPZ070|5.0|I rarely write movie reviews, so the fact that I am for this film already tells you something. I know the ratings for this have been all over the place, so I wanted to put in my two cents, which are that given what it was, I loved it!<br /><br />Now none of you know me, so you dont realize how momentous that statement is, coming from me of all people. While yes, I am female, I hate - *utterly loathe* - American romantic comedies. I absolutely cannot stand them and the only 100% exceptions are [[ASIN:B004GJYR7I Bringing Up Baby]] from 1938 and [[ASIN:B000XJD33O When Harry Met Sally ...]] from 1989. So yes, it's been awhile since I found one that broke the rule.<br /><br />I wanted to see this movie, both because of the actors (love Goodwin and Krasinski) and because it's a story (we hope) where the shy, quiet girl gets the guy. However, I went prepared to dislike it for two reasons. First, I was *very* apprehensive about the premise involving possible cheating, since I have trouble even reading about it in books or watching films like [[ASIN:B0007OCG4W Closer]]. Second, it's a romantic comedy! How could I possibly end up liking it?!<br /><br />Turns out, I was dead wrong. SOMETHING BORROWED was hysterical - the writing was great and the delivery wonderful. The cast was also superb: John Krasinski, whom I adore in [[ASIN:B0009VBTP0 The Office]], was hands-down unbelievably fantastic in his role; Ginnifer Goodwin, a lovely and talented actress, plays her part to perfection; and Colin Egglesfield, a quiet and subtle actor, makes for a great Dex. Darcy (Kate Hudson's character) is ridiculously over the top, but whatever - I was able to overlook it in the face of all that was right with this movie.<br /><br />Also, this movie was able to do what those in this genre usually cannot do: it was able to be somewhat realistic, while still giving us a wonderful happy ending - no sappiness or corniness involved (two of my main objections to romance movies). The main characters trip up - repeatedly - and sometimes you want to slap some of them upside the head (... was that just me?), but it feels very authentic! And re: the love triangle, I think one of the things that made it feel all the more authentic was the very real dilemma that Rachel, Dex, and Darcy are faced with.<br /><br />I loved this film, because for *once* a romantic comedy did for me what it always seems to do for others: it made me laugh out loud and it made me cheer for the two main characters and hope that they would end up together. I definitely, definitely recommend it.ant to slap some of them upside the head (... was that just me?), but it feels very authentic! And re: the love triangle, I think one of the things that made it feel all the more authentic was the very real dilemma that Rachel, Dex, and Darcy are faced with.  I loved this film, because for *once* a romantic comedy did for me what it always seems to do for others: it made me laugh out loud and it made me cheer for the two main characters and hope that they would end up together. I definitely, definitely recommend it.
B004FOA84A|5.0|Works beautifully on my evo.  Doesn't seem to have forceclose issues like other reviews.  Don't play before going to bed,  because you won't want to put it down.
B004DI7HZ6|5.0|i read alot of vampire and witch genre books. the plot took unexpected turns and kept me interested throughout. i want the sequel.
B004SDEP38|4.0|I am waiting for Amazon to update to latest version which was released on 5/19/11. I cannot register it with Dataviz until Amazon gets off their butts. Also Dataviz sent me the latest apk and it will not install/update, so something is different with Amazon version.
B00275EHJG|5.0|The title says it all. It leads me to believe that this movie might be more geared to a broader audience as opposed to mainly children. There are bright, funny and just darn cute sequences to be seen here but even more parts that will make you think, feel bad (yet invested) and just plain wanna see Andy's old chums make it through their stay at Sunnyside Daycare. In fact, I never expected this movie to take such a route.<br /><br />Nonetheless, I highly and thoroughly enjoyed this endeavor. Never have I seen a Pixar movie this great! This special! This elite! Some of the onlookers may be quite disappointed because the story gets dark. And when it's dark, it can seem grim. There are plenty times when it feels like there is no hope in sight. Just keep watching and stick it out. I got super-invested and you just might too. Toy Story 3 rocks to the umpth degree!<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />4.5 stars (or a 9/10).<br /><br />P.S. The ending made me cry and I'm 26 and male. :^D
1564029654|5.0|My daughter asks us to read this book to her often. It's such a sweet story - it helps explain to the little ones that even if mommy leaves for a bit - she will come back. Great book!
B0000844I8|2.0|watched first 1/2 hour - was nice and interesting - but then DVD proved defective and wasted a lot of time - both dvd's were defective.
B004VMUS9G|4.0|So close to perfect,  a few faults kept it from becoming my default alarm, but for a majority of users out will be perfect.  Don't know if its my model (tbolt) my phone specifically but GPS didn't disable alarms when set to walk speed after traveling 5 city blocks.  IMO its not using GPS correctly to disable alarms. It shouldn't be based on speed but on X distance from location when alarm originally went off the first time.
B001QWBM62|5.0|I was getting kinda bored with the guitar, then I picked this up, things have changed.    I was going to get the H2 model, but found out about the built in 4 track with like 50  guitar effects and all the other bells and whistles on the H4n (and you can tweak each effect to your liking) , This thing is fun.    This thing isnt hard to figure out and if you have trouble there is some well spoken guy on youtube that gives detailed tutorials.    It's great with a good pair of headphones plugged into it (i use the Sennheiser 428)   Now I can play lead to my chord strumming  then add some base and vocals.  My guitar playing is improving, love just playing with the headphones plugged into it even if I'm not recording.    When the dog walks across the room I can hear it'ts claws hit the floor, Love the mics, if you dont want all the sensitivity you can adjust the mic's on the right side.  I'm careful with the Unit, wouldnt want to drop it and have those mics hit the floor.    I plug it into the wall to save on batteries, someone said they noticed feedback when plugged into the wall, I dont, not at all.  If you run out of memory you can always get a bigger card to slide in.  Quality seems great, screen lights up nice, you could use it in the dark.    My words are heartfelt when I say I couldnt be happier.  Thanks Amazon.
0316069353|3.0|I've read all Michael Connelly's Harry Bosch and Mickey Haller novels. In The Fifth Witness, Connelly used basically the same formula as used with The Lincoln Lawyer: lots of courtroom strategy and dialogue and a surprise twist at the end. Connelly's writing is competent, but without the elegance of Lee Child's earlier novels (Childs has gotten lazy in his last few books, but that's another story.) I agree with some of the other reviewers that the courtroom scenes drag and slow the pace too much. On the other hand, it's fun to read about the mindset, strategies and tactics of criminal defense attorneys.     What always impresses me about Connelly's writing is his attention to detail. He sets a scene beautifully, and his descriptions are inevitably dead on. ALso, his scripting and plotting are fault-free. I never find any logic holes or untied loose ends, and that's certainly the case with The Fifth Witness. One little irritant: this book was obviously written with the movie rights in mind. The recurring characters struck me as patterned after the characters in the Lincoln Lawyer movie (more so than in the Lincoln Lawyer book). The book even mentions Matthew McConaughey as a movie lead and speculates in another place about possible casting for movie roles.  This struck me as a bit self-indulgent and a tad too commercial, but it's a minor point. All in all, I found this to be a competent thriller, well plotted and competently executed, but not Connelly at his strongest.
B004IFYMYI|5.0|A gritty, dark trip into an alley of alienation and isolation Martin Scorsese's \\"Taxi Driver\\" appears on Blu-ray in a restored nice looking edition. Always gritty looking detail has been improved and colors look extremely good here. This is a large improvement over the previous DVD edition of the film. At first the film appears a bit dicey when the Columbia logo rolls up on screen but the film improves markedly by the first couple of minutes.<br /><br />Offered in a hardcover book style with a replica of the original poster artwork as well as photos from the movie. Special features include the 1986 commentary track with Scorsese and Schrader from the Criterion laserdisc, an interactive feature that allows you to compare the script to the movie(the script appears in the lower right hand corner of the screen as you're watching the movie progressing with each new scene). It's interesting to compare the finished movie where the actors and Scorsese alter the dialogue to fit the their interpretation of the characters. We also get new commentary tracks by writer Schrader and Professor Robert Kolker. We also get new featurettes including \\"God's Lonely Man\\", \\"Producing 'Taxi Driver'\\", \\"Travis' New York\\" comparing 1975 to 2006, storyboard to film comparisons with Scorsese's introduction  and Scorsese discussing the making of the film. I didn't access the \\"Movie I.Q.\\" special feature here.<br /><br />Shot on a very low budget (less than $1.5 million)and originally slated for director Brian DePalma (who ended up tackling \\"Obsession\\" also from a script by \\"Taxi Driver\\" writer Paul Schrader which also featured Bernard Herrmann writing the score), \\"Taxi Driver\\" became Scorsese and Schrader's first great film. It's fascinating to watch the script-to-screen comparison which illustrates the artistry of writer, actors and director bring to the project making it quite unique.<br /><br />Albert Brooks who makes his film debut here improvised his dialogue as his character wasn't all that fleshed out in the script. He's also quite amusing in a very dark disturbing film. Scorsese makes his debut here as an actor as well when the actor who was originally cast couldn't do the role due to an injury (he appears twice in the film you can also glimpse him sitting on the curb outside the campagin office in the beginning of the film). It's also pretty interesting watching Bickle's reaction to Scorsese's rant and who he considers to be, well, more disturbed than HIM.<br /><br />Bernard Herrmann's moving, powerful score sounds absolutely lovely here.<br /><br />Scorsese and Scharder's powerful glimpse into the mind of an alienated and disturbed lonely man trying to connect with others and finding the only way to do so is the murderous ramapage to \\"wash away the flith\\" continues to resonate today.<br /><br />\\"Taxi Driver\\" on Blu-ray is HIGHLY recommended.fleshed out in the script. He's also quite amusing in a very dark disturbing film. Scorsese makes his debut here as an actor as well when the actor who was originally cast couldn't do the role due to an injury (he appears twice in the film you can also glimpse him sitting on the curb outside the campagin office in the beginning of the film). It's also pretty interesting watching Bickle's reaction to Scorsese's rant and who he considers to be, well, more disturbed than HIM.<br /><br />Bernard Herrmann's moving, powerful score sounds absolutely lovely here.<br /><br />Scorsese and Scharder's powerful glimpse into the mind of an alienated and disturbed lonely man trying to connect with others and finding the only way to do so is the murderous ramapage to \\"wash away the flith\\" continues to resonate today.<br /><br />\\"Taxi Driver\\" on Blu-ray is HIGHLY recommended.
0634049011|5.0|I've been playing for a year and a half, chords, scales, fingerpicking, had an idea about intervals for notes, but the \\"big picture\\" has remained cloudy, it just didn't seem to all come together.  I've only had this book for a few days, but I just had one of those \\"eureka\\" moments. I realized that I could go to any of the root positions (just for C major so far) and start playing a scale,the intervals between notes just seemed to come automatically,it really was quite a feeling.   I wish I had started using this when I first began to play, I think it would have helped my progression. In any event I am now looking at the fretboard with a new clarity and intend to work this into my daily program.   Nothing is going to work for everyone, but I would advise any neophyte to do themselves a favor and give this book a try.
