0783235666|5.0|This is a classic and the best film that Alfred Hitchcock has made.  Even though the film has gotten some negative remarks, I still think it is excellent and has good scenes. Among my favorite are where Melanie slaps  the woman in the restaurant and where the children are attacked.  You have  to really pay attention and find a meaning in the film to appreciate it.   Tippi Hedren looks radiant and does a fine job playing Melanie Daniels.   ABSOLUTE CLASSIC!
0800136586|3.0|Having read many of the other bad comments about this movie, I was lead to believe that maybe my own first impression could have been wrong. But then I went and watched the movie again. Wrong! I was right. The movie is great.  I really do not understand how any one can NOT like this movie. AND I HAVE  SEEN A LOCAL PRODUCTION OF ''ANNIE'' RECENTLY. The play, like the 1999  movie is quite nice, but it just doesn't have that spark, and liveliness  that this movie does. What would lead others to call this movie ''charmless  and dull'' is beyond me. I do not agree at all. I have read many reviewers  trying to persuade potential viewers into seeing or buying the new 1999  movie version. ( I have also read an extremely biased nasty review by a  ''Lori.'') I have news for all those desiring to see the new version: it is  a sweet, nice version. But there is no comparison. That movie perhaps does  have a better sense of setting than this old version.( and the play I saw  did have an enjoyable song called '' We'd like to thank you Herbert  Hoover.'') After seeing the play, I wish some of the songs could have been  included here. But the play seemed missing something. People call this  movie ''overblown... happening in a void, overacted...''But this movie was  really TRYING. The actors were confidant, and gave STRONG performances. (  While Alicia Morton as Annie, gave a quiet, calm, quite lifeless  performance, and Andrew Garber as Daddy Warbucks can never compare with  Albert Finney.) I do agree some good songs were left out- and I wish those  had been added here. But certain scenes:( the car chase, the interaction  between Hannigan, and Warbucks) are sorely missed in the new version. This  movie does add a lot of things to the musical. But new characters, and  overlaying, enthusiastc plots make the movie multi-faceted to me anyway.  Plus a lot of songs such as '' We've got Annie'', ''Sign'', and '' Dumb  Dog.'' are very enjoyable. All in all, this seemed to me a nice movie, and  very enthusiastically produced.
0792833236|5.0|What are great films made of, what do they have to contain that makes them so remarkable ? A moving story, great acting, superb camerawork, exceptional sound, cleverly editing, masterful directions ? Raging bull not  only contains all these elements, but its groundbreaking in all of them.  Its one of the best films ever made, and as with good wine it just gets  better with each passing year. What makes this black and white film so damn  remarkable?<br />When all the technical aspects of a film are used at its best  to serve the initial story it creates a magic that is unexplainable. Each  boxing-match is individually coreographed and edited. the camera moves in  ways it never did before. The soundeffects are heartstopping.<br />The story  is based on the life of the boxing champion Jake La Motta... the meanest  sunofabich ever to have played the main character in a film (at least in  the 80's), honestly played by Robet De Niro who took method acting to new  hights when he decided to get fit in order to play the boxer, and then  gained 30.kg to play the older fatter Jake La Motta. He gives his best  performance ever, as he is able to bring out the sympathetic side of this  monster.<br />But eventually its the story that moves us... about a boxer  whose life consists of fighting, but his biggest fights are the ones fought  outside the ring. A man that's filled with so much self destruction that he  destroys not only himself but everyone around him, his brother, wife,  family.... this film just works in so many layers. Its humane but never  sentimental, very straight forward yet so intelligent. a must see for  absolutely everyone.A flawless masterpiece<br />If you will only see one film  for the rest of your life, see this one....
B00000J7S8|5.0|As another fan of Diana Krall, I came upon her thru this album. I had mixed feelings about her in the beginning and wrote about it previously. Well, since then the lady has not been removed from my CD and I slowly  started buying each one of her CDS - and all in revert order, till I got  till her first one! It is very interesting to hear them, since the lady CAN  jazz it up, in her own style. Her choice of material is extremely good,  making old material sound as if we hear it the first time. Also she may be  one of the only musicians that you can hear over and over again and not get  tired of. It's relaxing, it's smart and done very well - in its own genre.  Would love to have a crystal ball to see what she will do in the future.  Let her just sing and play that great piano with her accompanists - who can  ask for anything more?
B00000J7RZ|4.0|I really liked this CD. I know the other reviewers felt like Jennifer Lopez was a poor imitation of Selena, but Jennifer isn't trying to be Selena - She's just trying to do her own thing. This CD is really upbeat,  and has good lyrics to it. If you're a fan of pop music - go ahead and buy  this one.
B0000025HU|5.0|So many musical genres are covered in this seminal early British punk masterpiece, that it is an album that I never have tired of.  It is probably the most enduring of the early British punk recordings I have run  across...and I love early british punk.  It never has become dated, except  for some of the political statements.  One of the best albums of the '70s.
B0000019PA|5.0|All I can say is &quot;Thank God for Jeff Mangum.&quot;  &quot;In The Aeroplane Over The Sea&quot; was easily the best CD I purchased in all of 1998.  Not only is it musically dynamic, but lyrically challenging,  recalling the word-play of Rob Pollard (GBV), the charming voice of Tobin  Sprout (Title Track), and the Anne Frank-based narrative that underlies the  entire album.  A truly remarkable CD.
B00000K2SC|5.0|IT IS ENOUGH TO SAY THAT I HAVE SEEN THIS MOVIE 9 TIMES AND I AM GOING TO SEE IT AGAIN. IT INSPIRED ME TO TAKE KARATE LESSONS. TNE ACTING THE EFECTS EVERYTHING IS GREAT. YOU SHOULD JUST SEE IT AND DECIDE FOR YOURSELF
3822884979|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed &quot;The Great American Pin-Up&quot; because there is finally a book that documents the history of pin-up artwork. The images are brilliant and beautiful and the brief histories of the artist provide a  look into their work. The only thing i'd change about this would be to add  the titles of the individual peices of art. Other than that, the book was  wonderfully written and composed.
B0000004V2|5.0|This has to be the greatest album in my collection.  It changed music, this is an album that will leave you wondering if these are the next, the ones to become the best, to beat the beatles and others.  A truley complete  album that rivles that of revolver,sgt peppers.  A band that in the late  80's created something, something that is still going today.  Amazing  guitar played buy squires, and brillient vocals buy brown that become even  better as the songs roll on.  They are a band that did not last that long,  but in there time they were the best and still are.  To this day others  try, in vein, to come close.  Their was no aragonse with this band just  great music. Dont let people tell you that since the 60's there have been  no great bands, there have, these are one of them. THEY COULD HAVE DONE IT.
6305364613|4.0|There is little to speak about the plot. Is just simply the original R&amp;J written by Shakespeare. No doubts about it. The tragedy takes place in a place of Italy. The adaptation is only visual swords were replaced by  guns, dressing is modern. characters drive cars, press and media talks  about both families and their rivalry, and more details. However the  scripts were still kept in verse (poems) using a lot of the ones used in  the original play. There are parts that the movie becomes boring, but it  also happens to me when I read the original. Acting is good and natural in  all characters. The production and materials are good. Nevertheless, I  liked this movie, but I liked Shakespeare's R&amp;J better. If you like to  listen to the R&amp;J's rhyme or if you like romantic movies, this movie  should be in your collection of 'seen movies' at least for compromise.
B0000025YM|4.0|This is the album that put Judas Priest forever on top of metal Olympus,in fact,it is quite hard to review this,since for legions of metal fans it is almost sacred.Anyway...even though many critics see 1982's 'Screaming for  Vengeance'as their pinnacle,I believe that it is on this record that Judas  reached their climax with heavy,powerful,authoritative songs that defined  the genre and opened up paths for bands to come.In terms of metal,this is  where it's at!
B00000IHHM|5.0|First of all I rate this 10 stars! :) I would describe BOTH the Concept album and the  Live recording as UNMISSABLE!  I think both of them should be purchased by all means!  Personally, I prefer Noa as Esmeralda, and some  songs (especially &quot;Les Cloches&quot;) sound better on the Concept  album, but the Live is unmissable too, the reason being obvious with the  fact that this musical is beautiful from beginning to end!
6305263248|5.0|Having not seen Ronin in theatres, I rented it one night on videotape. Wow. I was literally blown away by the authenticity of the gun battles and car chases. I was so impressed it was one of the first DVDs I purchased.   The sound techs who worked on the nuances of the different weapons used  should be commended. Awesome in its authenticity.  I knew to expect  terrific car sequences from Frankenheimer, seeing as he directed one of the  great racing movies of all time, Grand Prix.  The chase scene through the  crowded streets and tunnels of Paris is worth the price of admission alone.   The movie is driven and authentic to a fault. Ronin rocks.
0783211856|5.0|I thought it was one of the best movies EVER made.  The emotion stired by this movie is like none other.  It takes you into the lives of the Jews during WWII without even a glimps of Hitler.  The movie wasn't focused on  the war, it was focused on the people.  This movie should be shown in  history classes in high school.
B00000J7J4|4.0|How great to see Carlos Santana back on the charts and in everybody's attention!In the late eighties and early nineties he was reduced to the status of oldies but goldies.'Supernatural'ends all that,almost like  a...divine intervention needed to rescue good music from the nineties'  muck.There are some star guests here,but Santana had the decency of  allowing them some imput allowing for a very thorough and powerful musical  experience,not only true to the Santana sound,but also very  contemporary.Muy bonito!
B00002E23H|5.0|ok this movie rocked.it had some ok special effects and some twists.you never know whos ganna die.you expect one pperson to die and they live while someone you never expected to die does.some people complain about this movie saying of i lost iq points and it had chessy plot or way to many holes.well lets think.It wasnt meant to be a serious movie with killer sharks because that makes no sense.it was meant to entertain you,not make you aware that there are super sharks out there in the sea.if you want real info on a shark rent a documentary or watch shark week on the disc. channal.if you want entertainment buy this movie
B00000JCOV|4.0|i guess you like rule i believe your album is cool i guess i think there is 9 people in the band i'm not too sure i think i/m getting your cd for christmas i only saw it but i'm not to sure i guess
B00000DFMN|4.0|When I first heard this music I thought of laughing my brains out. It was really funny with all those weird sounds. But when one starts listening to this music more often with a more open mind, you start getting the deeper  feeling of it. Although it has its flaws and still always gets me in a good  mood when driving to work because of the funny sounds, it is a very deep  and lovable album. Not the best I've heard, but still well worth the  purchase!
B000002AE3|3.0|Their 1995 effort 'Tambu'features the same great musicianship we've been accustomed to expect from this legendary band,yet not all songs are up to par.Very interesting lyrics,introspective and a bit depressed,e.g.the  aftermath of broken relationships,betrayal,confusion,the need for faith,a  great jazzy instrumental towards the end,lend more credit to this uneven  album.
B000002A46|5.0|Welcome back to a time when Mariah Carey wasn't completely obsessed with how she looked, when she wasn't constantly doing duets with famous rappers, and she just went out there and sung like the Dickens!  This is an  absolutely outstanding Christmas CD, with perhaps the best original holiday  song of the 1990's in &quot;All I Want for Christmas is You&quot;.  This is  a must have for anyone who was a fan of Mariah when she was at her best,  and for people who don't really know what she used to be like.  Merry  Christmas!
B000009ED0|1.0|On Harddrive not too long ago (with the always talented Lou Brutus) there was an interview with Kid Rock and he explained that he did not believe in &quot;Hit Singles&quot;, but that an artist should only release a full  length album. I don't see too much logic in that statement when there's  only a single song in the label that has the slightest bit of demeanor!  This is cheaply done, pseudo-rock rap which probably took overnight to  complete. The &quot;explicit lyrics&quot; are merely done for shock value,  and if you know all &quot;7 dirty words&quot; you know what to expect of  the album. That said, if you're not a Huxley-bred slave of the MTV  generation, you'll think the same as me when I say this is a trashy,  annoying, worthless waste of time. 1 star, just for &quot;I am the  Bullgod&quot;.
B000003S5H|5.0|Yes, you will. This album is on the whole one of the greatest I've ever heard. You don't get the same feeling as in Premiers symptomes, that you're not on earth anymore. But this music fits every moment everywhere. In  whatever mood you are, however depressed you'll always end up with a calm  smile on your face and feel like youve come to a pacific island with warm  ocean breeze and sun all year round (Some call it paradise). This one saves  you from all depression. Everyone should get it for the bad times and the  good times.
B000002B7S|4.0|There can be no doubt about Osbourne's songwriting skills after listening to this amazing album.Not only the musicians are top notch-same Ozzy's vocals(we're talking Lee,Aldridge,Daisley and Airey here)-but this album is  full of social commentary a la Ozzy('You're No Different','Slow Down')and  replies to his detractors, as in 'Rock'n'Roll Rebel'which seems to be the  central theme .A great work from a great artist.
B000001FY9|4.0|This cd are great, all classics songs, the best of king of reggae. My favorites songs:jamming,bufalo soldier and could you be loved. ONE LOVE!
0783211856|5.0|Between 1939 and 1945, over 6 million Jewish prisoners were murdered, experimented on and tortured all in the name of the &quot;master race&quot;.<br />i have to admit, this movie lost me at some points, like for  instance, when Schindler is speaking to Goeth's maid. What does that have  to do with the holocaust? then I saw the movie for a asecond time  yesterday. I finally understood. Not  only does this develope the  character, but it defines Schindler in only one scene. the movie would have  to be more than the 3 hours it is now to just explain Schindler, but  Spielberg does it in one scene.<br />Also in response to a reviewer who stated  that this movie was not funny, i have only a few words to describe my  feelings towards that: If you thought this movie was supposed to be funny,  check yourself into a CLINIC.<br />Also, this movie is worth every star i give  it mostly to the fact that it tells the truth about a uncharateristic Nazi,  who spared more than 1,00 Jewish people from certain death.
B00000DGUG|2.0|Since she was angry and depressed on 'Jagged Little Pill',what's next?We are dealing here with a mellower version of the first album,rehashing similar themes,like the self-fulfilling prophesy of failure.A totally  forgettable venture.
B00002R0MC|5.0|I first heard this album right after it came out, when a family friend got it hot off the shelves.  I was just beginning to get interested in Bob Marley's music and I was enchanted by the depth of the music and the span of the collection, as well as the booklet that was included in the set.  A  few years later, I asked for it for my birthday.  My father spent hours  calling stores in our area looking for it, but he was told it had gone out  of print.  I spent the next few months vainly searching for it.  After six  months, I finally located a copy and snatched it up and never looked back.   It's the best money I have ever spent.  I encourage every Bob Marley fan out  there to get this album while you can before they decide to put it away  again!
B000002MUQ|4.0|The late great Bruce Fairbairn was behind the buttons for this one,taking the Van Halen sound over the top in terms of refinement and power.A more philosophical,even darker shade in the lyrics (as the band was weathering  out the dark mid-nineties),coupled with excellent performances by the  foursome make this one of their better albums.
0790735172|5.0|No action film collection would be complete without &quot;Enter the Dragon&quot;.  The collector's edition contains (among other goodies) extra footage not originally released in America.  Listen carefully for Keye  Luke's distinctive voice and see if you can spot Jackie Chan (don't blink  or you'll miss him even though his is one of the most memorable scenes in  the film, and there are plenty.)  When I first saw this film in the  theater, I sat through 4 shows and then came back the next day and saw all  5 shows.  Obviously, this is my favorite movie of all time.
B000002LQR|5.0|This is the best C.D. in the world as far as I am concerned.  For new listeners who want to get on the chili train, it is a must.  You cannot live without it!
1567184855|5.0|As someone who no longer needs to be convinced as to the reality of reincarnation, it's unusual to find a book on the subject that interests me anymore.  However, I was fascinated by this book, and I understand why  Journey of Souls captivated me so:  Because the world of spirit described  in the book (by Michael Newton's regressed subjects) resonates, on the  deepest level, with what I remember to be the truth of that world.  An  excellent read, highly recommended to anyone who is seeking to lift the  cloud of amnesia that most of us have about life before birth.  As well,  Journey of Souls beautifully serves as a clear reminder that a soul  incarnates with loving purpose and by choice.  I await more from this  author; he has written an exceptional book on the relatively unexplored  subject of life between lives.
B0000027RL|5.0|This cd is the best of the decade. All the songs are genious. Eddie Vedder is a pure genious. Jeremey is one of the best written songs of the decade. The video is alos phenominal. This cd clearly beats Nirvana's Nevermind of  this decade. Pearl Jam is a great band and will be ionto the millenium.  This cd will alos carry on to the next millinium.
0553210246|5.0|I began reading The Mayor of Casterbridge as an ISP (Independant Study Project) novel, as it was reccommended to me by my English teacher.  At first, I found the book to be unbearably boring, but beautifully written.  The language is something to be admired.  But I soon became absorbed in the  story, and I have to say it was one of the most compelling ones I've ever  read.  I might just say it's the best book I ever have read.  And it's sad.  I'm a 16 year old guy, and I cried at the end.  I don't want to sound  prissy, but it's true.  And you will cry too, I'm sure.  If there is one  thing I can say to you, it's this: read The Mayor of Casterbridge.  It  would be a great injustice to one of the most profound stories of our time.
6304504012|5.0|I thought that this movie was superbly done.  As always, Tim Rice's lyrics were perfect, and the dramatic instrumentals added to the movie's quality.  Madonna was extremely convincing as the ambitious but charitable Eva Peron.
0393312836|5.0|In one word: Coolness.  Anthony Burgess has won my devotion with this one.  Almost the most disturbing thing I've ever read, this book is satisfying all the way.  There is no bad part.  It never gets boring.  And it is so creative in it's language concepts that... well it's creative!  Read this  book, or you are doing an injustice to yourself.  Oh, and watch the movie  too.
B0000025BL|5.0|If you don't like this CD your Life must be Hell!  Just saw his live show in Chicago! The best I've seen in years. Critic in the Times and Radio called it the best show in &quot;99&quot; Yes, the Best Show of the  year!
0393312836|5.0|Hi, it's me again.  I just figured, since I've viddied some pretty gloopy slovos like &quot;hard to understand&quot;, and &quot;i quit after two chapters&quot;, I'd tell you all to leave your opinions out of here.  The  book is too good for you vecks, and I may become bezoomy and be forced to  tolchok you in the glazzies.  Have a nice day!
6303182577|5.0|It was a very good realization of Woodstock.  It showed everything as it happened with nothing censored.  The editing was done very well, in the sense that they added music and scenes together to get a better picture. I  couldn't believe how real it seemed. It will always be a classic to watch  the revolutionary society as it was back then.
B000005GYI|5.0|One thing that irks me about the United States is the fact that so many beautiful works are neglected here.  This is one of them.     I'm no music expert (far from it), but I can recognize genius in certain instances.   Culbe da Esquina is an example of this.  I had listened to Milton  Nascimento before this album, but I must admit, that I bought it blindly.   I thought the cover was very interesting (It reminded me of the movie  Pixote, which I also love), so I bought it.  I am so glad that I did.       I am no good in describing music with words, but I'll give it my best shot.   I would compare this album with any of the GREAT albums of all time.  It  only takes one listen to fall in love with the music of Milton Nascimento  in Clube da Esquina.  The emotion that this album evoked in me is  incomparable to anything else I've ever heard. This music can easily bring  one to tears.  MPB in classification, with a spice of rock.  Very anthemic  and operatic.  Truly a classic!
0780626966|5.0|damn, this is some seriously good stuff!  if you're sick enough to spend a hundred bucks on Freddy, there's no way in hell you won't enjoy this. the eighth disc in particular is awesome, which contains many interviews, a few  music videos (Dokken! ) and other nice surprises. highly recommended
B00002E233|2.0|This is a fun movie that keeps the action movie moving during the whole picture. But it is also pretty darn stupid so don't rope any intellectuals into watching it. <br />   The most clever part of the movie is the way the  screenwriter messes with your expectations for the plot. This leads to some  very funny scenes that will have you reaching for the remote to rewind and  watch again.<br />   One of my favorite scenes is when two of the characters  swim a long way under water to re-set some electrical breakers. This  requires them to hold their breath for about 5 minutes and when they're  finished one gestures to the other with a thumbs-up as if to say &quot;What  do you think? Want to get some air?&quot;<br />   &quot;The special effects  were awesome?&quot; Are you kidding? &quot;Awesome&quot; if you mean that  you are in awe a major studio would try to get away with it. If you watch  the movie as if it were a cartoon you won't mind the effects but they are  light-years behind Jaws which came out over 20 years ago.<br />   But still,  if you're just looking for something silly to kill a couple of hours - this  might be the movie for you. And if you're a young actor trying to break in  to the business you'll want to rent it as a boost to your ego. You're sure  to sit there and say to yourself &quot;I can do better than that!&quot;
0385484518|5.0|All I can say is WOW! This book is so wonderful. It will open up your eyes to new things that you can't imagine. The story is so simple and nice, and the professor Morrie is a very wonderful personality.<br />The book took me  nothing to finish it, and I am planning to read it again once more. Because  there are hidden treasures burried in this book.<br />I hope you will enjoy  the book!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Extreme, astonishing cd.  Awesome follow up to Tidal, when u thought things couldn't get any better.  Fiona works the microphone with an incredible voice.  Her lyrics are and will always be absolutely infectous  and incredible.  Unbelievable artist.  Buy it.
6304428928|5.0|In response to the movie \\"Rain Man\\", I felt that the role played by Dustin Hoffman (Raymond Babbitt) was unbelievable. Dustin Hoffman is a great actor as the Rain Man, and demonstrates incredibly well how an autistic person  reacts towards certain things as well as changes in his routine life. He  captures autism in such a way that you could actually believe in his  performance. I was amazed at the way he was able to pull off this role.<br />  Tom Cruise's role (Charlie Babbitt) was equally as brilliant, who is the  villain of the story who undergoes such a sharp change that it's almost not  visible until nearly the end. Charlie is shown to be a selfish and greedy  jerk at the beginning of the film, but as mentioned before, his gradual  understanding of his brother's disability, and extra abilities, are what  eventually leads to the grasping of a strong relationship with his brother.  Tom Cruise, in my opinion, was perfectly suited for the flashy, egotistical  character of Charlie, and I think he did a great job.<br /> Furthermore,  the directing of the film was beautiful, for the most part just letting the  action unfold, which is exactly the way it should have been done. I also  believe that \\"Rain Man\\" portrays many aspects of autism quite well. The  movie is an introduction to autism for most people who see it for the first  time.    In summary, Charlie Babbitt, played by Tom Cruise, is a  self-centered car dealer, and leaves on vacation with his girlfriend  Susanna, played by Valeria Golino. However, on route with his girlfriend,  he unfortunately learns that his father who threw him out as a teenager has  passed away, and decides to show up at his funeral for only one reason, to  get the money his father left behind. Upon arriving for the funeral,  Charlie learns that his father left him a now antique convertible, which he  originally loved and wanted in his teen years, but which his father never  let him drive. Unfortunately for Charlie, he can't get the moneywhich he  truly desired, since he discovers that it has been given to a mental  institution Charlie is unaware of. Charlie therefore decides to take  matters in his own hands and goes to the institution to find out what their  connection with his father was. It is only then that he learns that he has  a big brother by the name of Raymond, played by Dustin Hoffman, who is  autistic and lives in this institution.    Charlie tries to  convince the manager of the institution to let him have the money, since  his brother can't do nothing with it because he doesn't even understand the  concept of money. The manager of the institution refuses to give him the  money, because he promised Charlie's father that he'd make sure to leave it  to Raymond no matter what happened. Charlie is enraged by what has happened  and by his father keeping Raymond's existence from him his entire life. As  a result, Charlie takes Raymond out of the institution without the  permission of the manager, and this is how Charlie gets to know his big  brother Raymond. The two begin a long road trip that will lead them to an  understanding of each other, and I believe that this trip across the  country was the start in the relationship between the two brothers. <br />  This movie was very emotional at some times, and had it's funny moments as  well. I believe that \\"Rain Man\\" is truly a work of art, and a film that  everyone can watch, understand, and enjoy.
B00000JGHM|4.0|This is a review coming from a woman who usually doesn't get into violence. I saw Heat for the first time in the theater with a bunch of college girlfriends. We were all hunched over in the edge of our seats for  the whole movie. After you see this movie you will breathe a sigh of  relief, it is so intense. Also, the writing in some parts is so smart and  catchy, that I find myself quoting it - something I never do. My favorite  line is &quot;I told you when we hooked up, baby, that you were going to  have to share me.&quot; Of course, all the actor's great deliveries count  too.<br />I don't like violence in a movie just for the sake of sales. This  movie uses violence to teach a lesson. I very rarely have long periods of  questioning and thought after movies, but this was the exception. Even the  sub-plots were thought provoking. Mostly, this movie made me realize that  everyone is human. Everyone just plays their part.<br />I don't know if I  liked Pacino or Deniro's character better. I'd never thought much about the  hard life of a criminal, and the emotions involved, so I leaned towards  rooting for Deniro.<br />Some interesting things that I noticed or had  pointed out to me after many viewings are: the voice and lips are off for  albert when Paccino visits him in his stolen-porsche factory. Also, what  was up with Kilmer's elbow when Deniro comes home to his beach house in the  morning?<br />The only thing that dissapointed me, but again made me think  was a decision that Deniro made that led to his downfall at the end of the  movie. I felt that he was to smart to not take his out, but he fell for the  bait. Maybe that was supposed to be a lesson too.
0451191153|1.0|Not to be unkind, dear reviewers, but I find it ironic that Rynd's &quot;drooling masses&quot; appear to be the same lemmings rabidly rating her books 5 stars. I would rank this book alongside &quot;The Celestine  Prophecy&quot; and &quot;The Bridges of Madison County&quot; as the one of  the Three Silliest Books of the Century.  Make that the Millenium.
6305280762|5.0|Well finally after watching the laserdisc version this DVD release is far superior than ever. The sound and picture quality is sharper and more define. A disaster movie worth having in your DVD libary, big star cast and  it's presented in it's original 2.35:1 widescreen ratio. Remastered in THX  and was filmed in the Panavision scope ratio. A true disaster classic but I  think it's too long and boring a times. Forget the script just goes for the  special effects as they still stand out superior than ever. The Dolby Pro  Logic sound is more envoloping than ever with more directional sound and  full surround sound.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|This CD is absolutely the most prized of all of my soundtracks.  If you love movies, even if you just love great music, this CD is a MUST HAVE.  I've been listening to these 2 CD religiously when I'm on my computer.
B000023VR6|4.0|Ok, I've purchased the new album about 4 days ago and have been listening to the album nonstop.  Dr. dre is a very talented rap artist who in my opinion is underated but is also an excellent producer.  I do have to admit  that this album compared to &quot;The Chronic&quot; isn't as fly, but that  isn't to say that the album isn't good.  This is the album that you will  want to buy or borrow from your friend and not return (which almost  happened to me)the only gripe that I have is that Dre has a lot of  &quot;Scooby Doo&quot; rap artists (rappers that I've never heard of  before) but other than that the guest appearances by Snoop and Eminem make  this album a strong buy, I can see that Dre's modis operandi is to showcase  the new rap talent out there so you can't actually blame him, per se.  The  concept of the album and the musical production that his new album takes is  where rap is going in the future.
B00001ZULV|4.0|The Phil Collins-led Genesis may have not revolutionized the state of popular music, but they did release a array of great pop singles.  A good deal of these songs are masterfully crafted and sophisticated in their  approach.  &quot;That's All&quot; and &quot;Misunderstanding&quot; are  fantastic singles that are far and away superior to anything Phil Collins  has released as a solo artist (outside of Face Value and &quot;I Don't Care  Anymore&quot;).  &quot;In Too Deep&quot; is a first-rate ballad that most  other artists would have been proud to have written.  In fact,  &quot;Mama&quot; and &quot;Tonight, Tonight, Tonight&quot; sound as if they  were written by none other than John Lennon.  This compilation is not  perfect.  It tries too hard to be diplomatic (why else would  &quot;Congo&quot; be included over &quot;No Reply At All&quot;,  &quot;Paperlate&quot; or &quot;Man On The Corner?&quot;).  But a close  listen will prove to the nay-sayers that this band did record some pretty  impressive material over the course of the 1980s.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I gave this one to all my friends!  This is one of the best CD's of the decade! I recommend it to anyone who likes to groove.......
B0000025D0|5.0|This is the album where Bruce Springsteen began to cut back on the grandiose romanticism of his previous three albums.  He began to focus his songwriting prowess on the &quot;darkness&quot; behind the American dream:  the unfulfilled hopes and desires of everyday people trying to make ends  meet.  The result is his most consistently satisfying album.  He moves from  hard-edged rockers (&quot;Adam Raised A Cain&quot;) to anthems  (&quot;Badlands&quot;) to Phil Spector-influenced ballads (&quot;Racing In  The Streets&quot;, the title track) that set the mood for the record's  underlying theme.  If it isn't a stronger album than Born To Run, it's at  least its equal.
B00000J2KT|5.0|I am an ex-marine. I got a chill down my spine when I first watched this movie, and I still do. The Vietnam segments were ok in comparison to the bootcamp scenes. The bootcamp scenes are so realistic and genuine, awesome  images and sounds! Whenever I want to remember my days in the corps, this  is the movie I watch! The academy for the phony tough, and the crazy brave!  Amen! Semper Fidelis
1572522232|5.0|&quot;The story is this&quot;, &quot;the story is that&quot; oh, give us a break! This is Argento for God's sake! Haunting images, lightings that are far out of this world, shock, fear, horror, horror, horror, horror and oh,  did I mentioned horror?<br />Argento gave his story a tremendous dreamlike  feeling as if we are seing a 90 minute long nightmare. Stephen King and  Clive Barker believe that this is one of the best horror films EVER! Do you  hear?<br />The eerie music score (done by Goblin and Argento himself) assaults  the viewer in every way you can imagine. It's twisted, noisy and higly  effective.<br />Remember, after all this is a witch story right?<br />And believe  me.. this is nothing less than pure Magic.<br />On the other hand, if your  favorite horror films are Scream, I know what you did last summer or  Killing Ms. Tingle, try something else...<br />This is art, not cheap  butchery!
B00000BKDZ|5.0|Esta es la producción más poderosa que tiene Maiden. La historia de el seventh son demuestra la gran capacidad de Harris tanto como para escribir como para tocar.<br />Las mejores canciones tanto en letra como en  instrumentación son Infinite Dreams y Seventh Son.<br />Up the IRONS!
B000002UD1|2.0|I'd actually give Mind Games two and a half stars if I could. This disk is worth buying, if only because &quot;Mind Games&quot;, &quot;Out the Blue&quot;, &quot;Aisumasen (I'm Sorry)&quot;, and &quot;I Know (I  Know)&quot; rank up there with Lennon's greatest songs. The rest is an  occasionally harsh, muddy-sounding curiosity(the cover is also garish and  unappealing). Drugs and drinking, as well as John and Yoko's personal  problems, were taking their toll, and the result was this overproduced  album dominated by weak songs. &quot;Freda Peeple (Bring on the  Lucie)&quot; is not only a dumb title, but it had one of John's most inane  choruses (&quot;Free da people nooooowwww/ Do it, do it, do it, do it, do  it noooow&quot;)and is only partly saved by some good slide-guitar work.  &quot;Intuition&quot;, &quot;Only People&quot; etc., are barely  recognizable as John Lennon songs, considering his classic work of the  then-recent past (see &quot;Imagine&quot; 2 years earlier). Overall, a  disappointment, but worth it if only to have those 4 great songs mentioned  at the top of this review.
B00000JMQC|5.0|Dorothy and her hen Billina are magically carriedback to Oz, which the Gnome King has conquered and turned the people into stone. Dorothy and Billina make three new friends, Tiktok the Machine Man, Jack Pumpkinhead the Pumpkinheaded man, and the Flying Gump. This is far better than the MGM Movie in my opinion. True it may be more 'darker', but I like it that way...I  watched it first when I was nine, and it has always been one of my all-time  favorite movies. Its an adaptation of 'Land of Oz' and 'Ozma of Oz' by L.  Frank Baum and makes a thrilling sequel to 'Wizard of Oz' altogether. Its  NOT a sequel to the MGM Movie however, and I thought the actors,  actressess, characters and plotlines were far better than those in the  Wizard of Oz MGM Movie...The Characters are JUST like they are in the  books, and the Gnome King and Mombi the Witch made excellent villains. The  Gnome King couldnt be played better than he's played by Nicol Williamson.  Jack Pumpkinhead, Tiktok, Billina and the Gump seem as if they stepped  right out of the books. True, it may be a little frightening for children  and there are many unanswered questions which the viewers will wonder about  later, but overall, I think this is one of the best movies ever, and any  TRUE Oz fan will LOVE it!
B000002UD1|2.0|I'd actually give Mind Games two and a half stars if I could. This disk is worth buying, if only because &quot;Mind Games&quot;, &quot;Out the Blue&quot;, &quot;Aisumasen (I'm Sorry)&quot;, and &quot;I Know (I  Know)&quot; rank up there with Lennon's greatest songs. The rest is an  occasionally harsh, muddy-sounding curiosity(the cover is also garish and  unappealing). Drugs and drinking, as well as John and Yoko's personal  problems, were taking their toll, and the result was this overproduced  album dominated by weak songs. &quot;Freda Peeple (Bring on the  Lucie)&quot; is not only a dumb title, but it had one of John's most inane  choruses (&quot;Free da people nooooowwww/ Do it, do it, do it, do it, do  it noooow&quot;)and is only partly saved by some good slide-guitar work.  &quot;Intuition&quot;, &quot;Only People&quot; etc., are barely  recognizable as John Lennon songs, considering his classic work of the  then-recent past (see &quot;Imagine&quot; 2 years earlier). Overall, a  disappointment, but worth it if only to have those 4 great songs mentioned  at the top of this review.
6304078145|2.0|A vivid sense of energy, a good cast, and the fact that the segments get better as they go along, help this from being the utter mess some consider it to be. But this is not to say that it's good, and personally, I  sympathize more with the film's detractors than those who praise it.  Allison Anders segment is pathetically bad. It wants to be campy and zany  and alternative all at once, but the only noteworthy thing about it is the  fact that it manages to be so incredibly uninteresting, unfunny, and  uninspired. The second segment, by Rockwell, provides a chuckle or two, but  on the whole is almost as bad. It's just too wacky and willfully crass. I  don't think I would've made it through the third segment if it hadn't been  a distinctive improvement. It's still too overdone for its own good, but  Banderas is highly amusing and although the skit as a whole isn't as funny  as it'd like to be, it manages to at least be somewhat entertaining. And  Tarantino helps out even more so with his closing skit, which is by far the  best of the four. The absence of the zany camerawork and overdone  &quot;comedic&quot; performances that characterized the first three  segments are worthy of a long sigh of relief. Unfortunately, this does make  Tarantino's segment seem a bit slow, but personally, I found its  dialogue-driven, focused nature much more enjoyable than the haphazard  chaos of the rest of them. And the ending of this final skit provides the  film's one genuinely hilarious moment. Leaving the movie on such a good  note was a nice thing, and the major factor that elevated this film, in my  eyes, from being a bomb. But you've been warned -- expect nothing superb.
0767819594|5.0|After I bought this movie at amazon.com I couldn't wait to get it. People had told me so much about it and how good it is. The 3 main characters Sarah Michelle Gellar, Ryan Philippe and Reese Whiterspoon did a good job.  My advice is to buy this movie!
B00000J7J4|5.0|This is a great album.  All the artists come together to make a wonderful sound.  Carlos Santana'a guitar pulls it all together.
B000009ED0|1.0|This has a lot in common with Ice Ice Baby. This nonsense, as well as the other rap-rock jokers (Korn, for example) has already been done by groups like the Beastie Boys, who still suck to this day. If you want real new rock, try Hair of the Dog, Buckcherry or Laidlaw.
6305358567|4.0|A near perfect film, but a great pity to my mind that so much licence was taken with historical accuracy.  The appearance of Mary of Guise, the mother of Mary, Queen of Scots, is irritating, especially when bedded, as  the scriptwriter would have us believe, with Walsingham.  If you can watch  the film as a visual exercise, it is stunning.  For that it has my four  stars.  If, like myself, you have a passionate regard for historical  detail, you will find yourself fidgeting and dissatisfied.<br />Fine  performances by Kate Blanchett, and it was enormous fun to see a favourite  - Magda from 'Absolutely Fabulous' - &quot;I've a business lunch wiv  Anoushka 'Empel an' all me tampons 'ave dropped art!&quot; - playing Mary  Tudor so terrifyingly.  One always feels sorry for 'Bloody Mary' - despite  her misguided and wholly un-English zeal for burning people...
B00000AFDW|5.0|This is my first Kiss CD and I simply love it. The album boasts great rock &amp; roll songs and it is excellent for those who appreciate good ole rock music. There are also some slow rock songs. Great for those with occasional  romantic moodswings. All in all, this is one ROCKING album!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This album is very different from Tidal. First of all, the melodies are more upbeat, some of them are even downright dancy (eg:jazzy NOT &quot;Cher&quot; dancy). The instramentation is more complex and diverse  than Tidal, But the lyrics are just as emotional as ever, but prehaps  showing different emotions and attitudes. Personally, I was not expecting a  album of this calibur for the follow up to Fiona's Tidal. I fell in love  with this album immediately. I like it way more than Tidal, but others may  like Tidal way better, the 2 albums are quite different.
0671799320|4.0|Whether you like this book depends on whether you already have an interest in oil. As an energy analyst, I find the book engrossing, particularly its explanation of the role that oil played in many of the world's major  conflicts over the past century. The author also provided backgrounds and  highlights of the key personalities who played a role in the history of  oil. This helped to make the book far more readable and entertaining than  your average history book. However, there is one caveat:  for readers who  are not in the energy industry or already have prior interests in oil, the  book may not prove as interesting.
B0000203YT|5.0|This is a very well told tale of love inspiring a classic love story and internaly explaining the true nature of love.  Well played by all and so amazingly written.  This film I hold closely to my heart as so many a good  book.  Wonderful...
B00002Z88D|1.0|Metallica has not put out a decent album since 1988 when they released And Justice for All.  James Hetfield's voice used to send a chill up my spine - simply awesome.  On S&amp;M he sounds like a big sissy.  Give it up guys!   You've got your BMW's, tattoos and enough money to buy a small country.
B00002Z88D|5.0|It seems like every artist nowadays when they find a groove they simply develop ways of repeating themselves. Very few musicians every attempt anything new...that is exactly why this new Metallica CD is so refreshing.  A live cd (not a new idea), an album of greatest hits (definitely not new),  but combine these two factors with a symphony that functions as the  &quot;fifth Beatle&quot; and you have a cd that will remain in your play  list for quite a while. Great cd for metallica fans who tend to enjoy their  newer material and a great introductory cd for up and coming fans. The  vocals come across great (extremely clear), the acoustics sound marvelous,  and there is a wide variety of songs (plus an abundance of music, 2 hours  plus). My only problem with this album is the absence of some of their  older material; the majority of the songs here were composed in the last  5-8 years. Still I rate this 5 stars. Definitely worth looking into,  especially if you enjoy a wide array of music and aren't stuck on one  particular genre.
B00000JZC4|5.0|Back in 1995 when &quot;Hey Man Nice Shot&quot; was relesed I instantly became hooked on their album &quot;Short Bus&quot;. Now 4 years later they continue to create some of the best tunes I have ever heard. They have  matured into a newer and better sound than their previous recordings.  Highlights of this album include Captain Bligh, Take a Picture, I Will Lead  You, and I'm Not The Only One. If you are coming into the world of filter  as either a new or old fan you will love their stuff as much as I do. Pick  yourself up a copy of both albums and see what I mean.
0385484518|5.0|If you don't look at life a comepletly different way after reading Tuesdays With Morrie, then you have missed the entire point of the novel.  The book will surely make you cry, as Mitch Albom goes back to visit his  dying college professor and recives the best outlook on life because of  Morrie Schwartz.  What a phenomenal man!  How I would have loved to meet  him.  It makes you cry just to see the things Morrie went through and to  see how much he offerd the world.  Tuesdays With Morrie will set you  stright on you path in life; it will change the way you look at every day  living, an change the way you feel about yourself and others.  A novel not  to be missed.
0553275976|5.0|Bonfire is my all-time favorite book and, in my opinion, Tom Wolfe is an absolute genius.  A lot of talented authors tell us very good, sometimes great, stories, but few people have the genius to cut through all the  trappings and see life exactly as it is.  Tom Wolfe exposes the excesses of  the 80s gloriously in this book.  Okay, all the characters were hateful,  but how could they have been otherwise?  The only problem I found was the  ending--I would have liked to have seen a little more resolution, but that  doesn't detract from the book's perfection.  My only real complaint is that  Wolfe never gave us anything else to equal the sheer genius of Bonfire.
0688002307|5.0|The other night I was watching a discussion about outstanding people and events of the Second Millennium.  The panel seemed to agree that the Apollo 11 Moon Landing was, beyond a doubt, the outstanding event of the Second Millennium. At that point in the discussion, I recalled a book that I had read over 20 years ago - none other than ZAAMM!<br />I re-read the book and, sure enough, on page 170-171 of the hardcover, is his discussion of the significance of the Columbus Voyage.  The Columbus discovery of a new world had &quot;...just shook people up.&quot; &quot;The whole Renaissance is supposed to have resulted from the topsy-turvy feeling caused by Columbus' discovery of a new world.&quot; The discovery had presented a new paradigm so powerful that &quot;The only way that they could assimilate it was to abandon the entire medieval outlook and enter into a new expansion of reason.&quot; <br />The Apollo 11 landing did'nt involve a paradign switch for us in that the &quot;Moon exploration doesn't involve real root expansion of thought...It's really just a branch of what Columbus did.  A really new exploration, one that would look to us today the way the world looked to Columbus, would have to be in an entirely new direction.&quot;<br />Thanks, Robert, for giving a little order to these topsy-turvy times. Christopher and the guys sure have my vote! I am often reminded of your voyage when I see red-winged black birds swooping across highway 11 in North Dakota.
B000008GAC|5.0|guns n roses rock the world. axl is the coolest and the song sweet child o mine is very cool.
B000002J1S|5.0|First, this album from 1974 stands a bit aside from the other 70s stuff (musically speaking, it seems that 1976's A Trick Of The Tail was a logical development from 1973's Selling England album, and not from this  one).<br />The Lamb is not the archetypical 70s prog-rock LP (which was mostly  associated with classicism, canterbury guitar picking, harpsichords, or  wish washy topographical lyrics). The Lamb has certain futuristic qualities  (I always had a feeling that the lamb's music was further developed on  1981's Abacab). And after all, it's the only 70s 'prog' album that often  gets the critic's honour to be 'proto-punk'. Well, Gabriel's alter ego  represented in the album's character Rael, WAS the proto-punk urban street  boy.<br />Last but not least, Brian Eno contributed subtle sonic images  throughout the album (and listen to his works on Gabriels vocals on 'The  Grand PArade'.<br />The musical instrumental passages are worth in itself.  What else can I say ? After 13 years listening, I still find interesting  moments in this album.<br />My advice: GET IT ! It's not the average 70s prog  album that you'd expect. It's more than that...it's different.
B0000025WQ|5.0|cyndi is very cool and she rocks the world. with her half shaved hair,and sloppy style you can tell she is powerful.that's why i love her.
B000002J2D|3.0|Although this album has some fine songs (Burning Rope, Down And Out, The Lady Lies, Snowbound), it is overall a bit 'weak'. They were trying too hard to make accessible songs. The mix is overly-compressed, making  Collin's drums barely audible. If Duke, the following album from 1980 is  considered as the last treasure of the progressive era, then I would leave  And Then There Were Three out of the progressive catalog. As a fan of the  old Genesis camp, I find Duke (despite it's strong hints for the 80s  Genesis)a stronger album than this one.<br />If you're an 80s Genesis fan  trying to give a listen to the 70s Genesis, start with A Trick or Wind  &amp; Wuthering. Overall, this CD leaves no staggering impression....
B000002WYT|5.0|Absolutly fantastic.  A little jazzy, a little pop.  All the elements of great music mixed together.  Great changes during the songs.  Titles 2,3,5,6 are second to none.  Buy it if you can appreciate great music.
B000002J23|5.0|DRAMA suffered heavily. Not for its musical content, but more due to the dogmatic fan hostility. In DRAMAs case, you just need to be open-minded to finally realize how good it actually was.<br />I adore this album as much as I  love Close To The Edge, Relayer or Going For The One. What makes me  comfortable is the fact that I'm a younger YES fan (I'm 30), and that  enabled me to see at this band more objectively than the old die-hards who  went along with history, and suddenly suffered when history aimed at a  different direction.<br />True, DRAMA is different from the Anderson-Wakeman  outings, but that doesn't mean that its inferior. While the previous, last  Anderson-Wakeman outing, TORMATO from 1978, showcased Wakeman's stagnation  (those endless classical arpeggios) and an overall band exhaustion, DRAMA  came out fresh.<br />Apart from great bass lines by Squire, Downes deserves an  equal credit. Downes' contributions is subtle but significant.Instead of  overplaying like Wakeman often does, Downes knew where he had to fill  burning solos (Machine Messiah or Tempus Fugit)or just to provide texture  (Into The Lens, White Car). Like Chris Squire put it,&quot;He listens  !&quot;<br />Trevor Horn. A catalyst. While in 1979 he had his iconic voice  made popular through 'Video Killed The Radio Star', he shouldn't be judged  merely as Anderson's copycat replacement. Although I don't like his voice  either, he wasn't that bad. <br />Overall, DRAMA might more appeal to 80s/90s  prog rock fans rather for the wish-washy hippy fans of 70s YES. But it  surely was a hundred miles better than the first ASIA album. Don't be  deceived. DRAMA is astonishing. It was made for the 80s...but judging it  now, it surely was a step aside. And don't forget, it's burning prog-rock.
6303481272|5.0|This is perhaps one of the best japanese animations to date.  I have not seen any that come close to the action, dialogue and drama in this video.  I would recommend it to anyone who is trying to find good japanese  animation.
0881032565|5.0|I thought this book was a wonderful book. It had a very twisted but intelligent plot and it kept me in suspense the whole time I was reading it. I couldn't put the book down. This is a good book if you like  mysteries, suspense, or murder stories.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I first heard Sarah a long time ago on the Phantom of the Opera soundtrack and was easily captivated then.  But when I bought this cd as my first addition to my now fast growing Sarah Brightman collection, she once again  cast a spell on me. This cd is incredible!  Her rendition of  &quot;Il Mio  Cuore Va&quot; is MUCH better than the over played Celine version. I get  goose bumps ever time this cd goes in.  I also recommend the &quot;One  Night In Eden&quot; concert video (the Phantom highlights are wonderful)   This cd is a must have!
0451169514|5.0|Trust me if you've seen the movie and havent read the book your missing a lot. Such as why some of the peoples fortune cookies have whats in them. Your missng the tail of Eddie Cokarin and Patrick Hocksetter. So my advice is to read the book first so you understand some of the things in the  movie.<br />PS:This book made me sleep with the light on for two weeks.
0783226837|5.0|If you want to see a movie that is so creepy and fun then you must see this movie!  If you actually put yourself in the characters shoes then you would see how scary it would be.  I mean worms coming out of the ground  without warning and eating you alive!  That's scary.  Then factor in the  humor of Kevin Bacon and you have a formula that could make Sisckle &amp;  Ebert give it two thumbs up!  Lets just say YOU must buy this movie, if you  don't you'll want to see again and again anyway.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|These are only a few words I would use to characterize Savage Garden and their music. I have been a fan of theirs ever since I heard &quot;I want you&quot; in 1997. Now people are listening to what a few of us knew all  along; that Savage Garden is one of the most talented duo ever. I mean you  don't see groups like N'Sync and BSB writing songs that are so truthful to  real life that they make people cry or make them smile. Songs on this album  like &quot;Crash and Burn&quot;, &quot;Hold Me&quot; and &quot;Gunning Down  Romance&quot; people can use to relate to their daily lives and it comes  from the duo's real life experiences which makes the songs even better.  Songs from N'Sync and other boy bands will only be around as long as the  band will- unlike Savage Garden songs which people will remember for a long  time to come! It is a very realistic CD and I believe that everyone should  include it in their collection! So go out and buy it and believe me it will  never leave your CD player!
B00000K2SC|5.0|I think The Matrix was excellent, and a masterpiece. The special effects were exciting and the movie stuck to the plot.The characters were cleverly developed and had witty lines. I recommend this movie to anyone who would  like to see it, and like virtual reality. I really enjoyed The Matrix and  it gave me a new viewpoint on life. You have to have seen the movie to get  what I'm saying. This movie was wonderful and extraordinarily written and  directed.
0380973464|4.0|What the hell! What's up with all this WWII and Internet business? Cryptology? Sounds interesting...but where's the metaverse? skull guns? Or grunge chicks on flying skateboards? This is exactly how I felt when I read  reviews about Cryptonomicon. So it was with some trepidation that I picked  it up and over the course of a month, was literally blown away! <br />At a  1000 pages this is no easy commitment, but after reading it in it's  entirety, you'll be glad that Neal had taken the time(and extra pages) to  carefully flesh it out. The attention to detail is painstaking while his  knowledge of the various local cultures is acute. There's been plenty of  criticism over the lengthy prose and true, he does get carried away at  times(do we really need a graphical analysis of Waterhouse's libido?) but  not so much as to lose the reader completely. Depending on who you are,  you'll find it all extremely banal or utterly insightful, maybe even  hilarious. I found myself laughing out on several occasions. There are many  more comedic moments than his previous works and this is due to the fact  that I could relate much better to Randy, Shaftoe and the rest than I could  with Hiro. Other than the odd throwaway character, the characters in  Cryptonomicon are like people I know, which serves to deepen my  appreciation of what's happening to them.<br />The plot itself is well  constructed and interesting. Though a bit dubious at times, it does manage  to sustain you to the end. This is Neal at his sardonic best; at times  making me want to scream \\"Yeahhhhh! That was way cool\\". His technical  know-how is par excellence as usual, taken with his writing style, gives an  immensely pleasurable read and enough brain food for non-techies/techies  alike. However, the legal and business scenarios are not quite convincing  and could have done with a bit more working through.<br />Whereas his previous  books used sci-fi and technology to ease readers into viruses and  epistomology, here he uses crypto and technology to talk about  conspiracies. So although the formula may be the same, he does, however,  show more restraint and does not fly off into what-the-hell tangents and  subplots as much. Ultimately, his technological/conceptual ramblings,  though many, do not overwhelm and in the end fit nicely into the story for  a tighter, more focused thoughtful piece of work. No doubt the subject  material may not go down well with fans of his old books, but I am glad  that the author once again manages to challenge and provoke.
6304613199|2.0|this movie was notting to the orignal absolutly notting,i almost fell asleep during it ,only the dinosaur roars kept me awake.
0790740443|2.0|Soldier is one of those films that was just made to be poked fun at. Everything about this film is familiar. The plot is basically Escape From New York meets The Road Warrior. Russell and Busey deserve better than  this. The action is a joke, and the acting is hilarious. Just watch this to  laugh.
B000002BBY|5.0|After the pinnacle of snarling rock n' roll perfection that was Definately Maybe, Morning Glory was destined to be the album that made or broke Oasis: if it was bad, then they were a wondeful flash in the pan, like The La's,  or if it was as good, then they could build up a decent follwing. Morning  Glory was neither. It was better.<br />From the explosively snarling opener  &quot;Hello&quot;, which trails off into Gary Glitter's &quot;It's good to  be back&quot;, to the aching sweetness of &quot;Cast No Shadow&quot; this  album encompasses the mood of a generation completely. Liam's vocals are  consistantly brilliant, shining especially on the savagely aggressive  &quot;Morning Glory&quot; title track, and the supercharged &quot;Some  might Say&quot;. Noel even manages to make his vocal debut on the tender  &quot;Don't Look Back in Anger&quot;. If you haven't heard  &quot;Wonderwall&quot; and &quot;Roll with It&quot;, then your in for two  of Oasis's best, and most memorable songs. The album closes on Noel's own  version of &quot;A Day in the Life&quot;, the dazzling &quot;Champagne  Supernova&quot;. After the final notes have bubbled away, with Liam's  lonely chorus still echoing throughout, each and every chord has been  burned forever into the listeners mind.<br />Quite simply, the second greatest  album ever written, topped only by Sargeant Pepper, though I doubt Noel  would have it any other way.
6303073107|5.0|Rashomon is by far the most influential and important of Kurosawa's works.  Many have made arguments for Seven Samarai and that is a great movie.  However, Rashomon displays a mastery of point of view and storytelling that  few other films before or after can match.  The cinematography is superb,  the acting is unmatched.  If you are at all interested in Kurosawa's work  or movie-making in general, it is a must-see.
B0000062GE|5.0|I thought Darkest Days was one of the best albums i have ever listened to in my life.  The enchanting tunes of this cd hypnotize you, and you can become one with the music.  The sound, the lyrics and the album over all is  the most inspiring, wonderful thing i've ever listened to.
B000001ELP|5.0|The Elder is certainly one of Kiss' most controversial and best albums. In 1981, with new drummer Eric Carr and producer Bob Ezrin, Kiss embarked on a new direction. The Elder is a &quot;gothic concept album&quot; about a  young boy on a odyssey to save the universe.  It comes across as a  soundtrack to a film that wasn't made. No pictures of Kiss themselves are  present in the mysterious album jacket. Most certainly new territory for  Kiss, and they boldly pull it off.<br />The songs really do rock and are  accompanied by a orchestra and choir to give the songs a unique atmosphere.  The subtle and haunting ballad A World Without Heros..sung by Gene Simmons  is one of the standouts. Odyssey, Under The Rose and I are other terrific  songs from this unique Kiss album.<br />Comparisons can be made to such bands  as Rush or Pink Floyd (Ezrin had just co-produced The Wall) Neitherless  Kiss deserves a lot of credit for going out on a limb on this effort. It  may have been a commercial failure but it is a very cool Rock album.
B000003TSP|5.0|From the momment I began listening to Portishead, it was as if I had stepped into another dimension; another world. I've never heard music like this before. The melodies are eccentric, the lyrics are mesmerizing, and  the voice is utterly haunting. After listening to Portishead, any other  type of music is completely boring. It's very strange, very different, and  it just enchants you. The debut album, Dummy, is a bit more dreamy and  slow, but all of Portishead's music is outstanding. I highly recomend it if  you have a taste for the unusual.
B000002BBY|5.0|I don't buy into the hype and put on labels that are so common in today's music. I had heard about this upcoming band back in 94 and was a bit intrigued. When Morning Story came out and Wonderwall was the big single, I  started to like what I hear, but Champagne Supernova was the clincher for  me.<br />Spearheaded by Noel and Liam Gallager, Oasis has been hailed as the  new Beatles etc etc. That I certainly don't buy, but they are certainly  influenced by the Beatles, The Who and The Rolling Stones.  Morning Glory  is simply a great melodic Rock N Roll album, and one of the best albums of  the 90's.  After enduring the depressing era of grunge and cheezy pop  songs, Oasis is a real breath of fresh air.<br />The guitars are forceful and  loud yet retaining melodic hooks, Liam's vocals have the right mix of  attitude and sincerity. Alan White is a terrific drummer. Paul McGuigan  &amp; Paul Arthurs fill out the band nicely, albeit they're no longer in  Oasis now.<br />Standout songs include Hello, Roll With It, Wonderwall, Cast  No Shadow, Morning Glory and Champagne Supernova. Put aside the mindless  hype, and if you're looking for Rock music with a real sense of melody and  respect for the classics then Oasis is among the best of today.
B00000DLV1|5.0|Some people like this CD, some people didn't. I, personally thought it was one of the best albums I've ever heard. It doesn't really sound live at all, except when the audience cheers,(And when they messed up Roads by  clapping all through it.) All of the songs sound as if something has been  added to give them more depth. Beth's voice sounds even more beautiful than  on the original recordings. If you're new to Portishead and you can't  decide on what album to get, buy this one. It has songs from both Dummy and  Portishead on it and they sound fabulous.  This CD remains my favorite even  though I've listened to it thousands of times.
6300213714|5.0|With names like Rif, Terminal AC's, Baseball Fury, Lizzys, how can you go wrong?...This 70's street fighter extravaganza makes running with a group  of hoodlums look fun. Makes bare chested vest wearing cool. So I pose the  question &quot;CAN YOU DIG IT&quot; ? I bet you will
B000031WD9|5.0|The truth is that men, women, teens, and adults find different things funny.  I loved this movie.  Any 18 year old teen will most likely say the same.  Unfortunately, many people who are a member of the older generation  will not find this movie funny, and, in some cases, offensive.  If you  aren't offended by sex, crude toilet humor, and a small bit of nudity  you'll love this movie.
0784011206|5.0|This movie movie got a bad reputation for a blind shootem up mindless thriller because that is what part 2 and three are. This one was about about a highly trained soldier turned renegade because his country is  ungrateful for the lives he took to protect it. Combined with traumatic  expirience in Nam he snaps. This one is in the bounds of reality unlike  part 3 especially. It also involves serious acting! WE LIVE IN A COUNTRY  WHERE A VETERAN SLEEPS IN A CARDBOARD BOX AND A DRAFT DODGER SLEEPS IN THE  WHITE HOUSE!  Something is wrong with this picture.
B000007OY0|4.0|I caught this movie on TV about a week ago, watched about an hour of it, and had to leave in the middle of it.  I HAD to see what happened, so I went out and bought it.  It was an EXCELLENT movie and would have received 5 stars from me instead of 4, except for the fact that the copy I bought in the store had SO MUCH PROFANITY that it made me feel uncomfortable to watch it with my family.  So if anyone watches it, catch it on TV--it is a much cleaner version.  The actors in this movie are perfect for their parts.  Try to catch it on TV sometime--you will not be disappointed!
B000031XCR|5.0|hi people this album of celine is the best of her the new songs are great and I can't stop listen to it. I saw celine twice in concert and man that woman has a voice you don't believe, so great and good. so don't think just  buy it.
B00001ODGR|4.0|I first saw this video on PBS. I enjoyed it, but the pledge breaks ruined the continuity. So when the DVD version came out, I purchased it.<br />This is close to classic Styx performing the last show in their home city of  Chicago. Most of the songs are deliberately kept close to the recorded  versions. (Exception: Sail Away where they took some liberties with the  version as compared to the CD.) The audio is decent as is the video.  All-in-all a decent video for those who enjoy Styx.
B000001DQI|5.0|If ever there could be a perfect piece of work in the field of rock or pop music, Goodbye Yellow Brick Road is it. Brilliant, beautiful, entertaining, fun, biting, witty, wild, and wonderful
0788811355|5.0|This extraordinary masterpiece has been ridiculed as being overlong and dull and bland. Any TRUE cinema buff who thinks that can no longer call themselves a fan of film after absorbing this incredible piece of art into  their systems!  The final 10 minutes are so incredibly moving and  heartwrenching, they make you cry in sorrow for the characters fates and  they also make you cry out in joy for the sheer power that cinema like this  can be!  How many movies can do that?  Not many-excpt this beautiful epic  of wonder.
B000002HAF|5.0|I was first introduced to the Pixies back in '90. My friend Scott was listening to this album. Before then, most of my interests were in pop(forgive me, I was only 13!)Well, a few songs really caught my  attention. So i bought it( and had to hide it because of the front picture-  hehe). This was the beginning of my love for the alternative. Soon, I was  listening to Dinosaur Jr. and Primus. The guy at the record store  recommended an album called &quot;bleach&quot; by a little seattle band  named Nirvana not too much later. And so on. To sum it up the pixies pretty  much changed the way I looked at music and it all started with this great  album. Too bad they never got the attention they deserved. Lately I have  heard more and more from fans and artrists that love this band! It's great  to see them finally getting their dues! So if you want to hear alternative  music a good five years before it hit big, check it out! You won't be  disapointed.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I have a couple of Diana Krall cds in my collection.  This current one re-affirms her growing popularity within jazz circles---her voice is syrupy smooth and just beautiful.  This album has such an elegant collection of  proven standards interpreted by Ms. Krall magnificently!  For someone so  young, what an amazingly talented artist!  Highly recommended.
B000021XR5|4.0|Well, I must admit, I never thought this would happen. With Scott Weiland in and out of rehab, and the horrible &quot;Talk Show&quot; release from the other members, I didn't know if they would pick up the pieces. They clearly were trying to change their musical style on the last two albums.  Purple was great. Tiny music was good too, but I don't think anyone  expected that from STP and some were disapointed. It showed that the band  could rock hard , and put out some catchy pop-rock at the same time. I  think they got the mix right on this one &quot;Down&quot; is a grungy  rocker that would have been right at home on core. &quot;Heaven and Hot  rods&quot;, &quot;pruno&quot;, and &quot;sex and violence&quot; have plenty  of fuel as well. Hard edged guitars with good solos are scattered through  these. &quot;No way Out&quot; is a tortured song of addiction and a  personal favorite. &quot;Sour Girl&quot;, &quot;Church on Tuesday&quot;,  &quot;I Got You&quot;, and &quot;Glide&quot; lean more towards pop with a  rock edge to them. &quot;Atlanta&quot; reminds us that Scott is not just  confined to screaming, he has a great voice and it really shows on this  ballad. I can just hope that internal problems don't tear this band apart  (Scott, you've got a good thing!) and they continue to put out good albums.
B000023VTQ|5.0|THis film, Notting Hill, is definitely worth a watch! I have watched it three times on the big screen and I must say the more I watched the more I loved it! It is funny, romantic and dramatic, I believe that's as good as  it gets! And with its gorgeous actors Hugh Grant and Julia Roberts this a  terrific must!
6304372620|5.0|&quot;Sleepers&quot; is a film  that exposes the inadequacy of  juvenile reform, and the abuse that goes on in children's institutions. Four young boys in the 1960s are put into the &quot;Wilkinson Home For Boys&quot;  where they suffer abuse and torture at the hands of four guards. All  because of a dumb prank. The boys then make a pact to keep silent about the  suffering they endured.<br />Several years later two of the boys, now violent  gang leaders, walk into a restaurant where they recognize one of the guards  from the reform school: the brutal Sean Nokes (Kevin Bacon). He now looks  like a stubbly, long-haired loser and fails to recognize the two men who  walk up to his table. The memories come back to him when he's told who the  two men are. Sean Nokes then suffers a long-overdue (and much deserved)  punishment.<br />Sean Nokes' murder is the catalyst for an elaborate and  daring plan to bring justice to the  guards who brutalized the four boys so  many years ago. The time has come for sweet revenge.<br />This film has great  performances by a prestigious cast. Some scenes are quite harrowing, as you  would expect, and the film arouses a lot of emotions: anger, sadness,  tension, the thrill of victory. It's one of those important films that  everyone should see.
B00002E233|4.0|I had mixed feelings about watching this movie, but in the end I was truly rewarded with a totally cool flick. Not to mention the outstanding DVD picture and sound. Watching people get eaten by sharks has never been this  much fun, or graphic. Kudos to the special effects team. Also give a hand  to director Renny Harlin, who keeps the pace tight and fun. All in all an  exciting, suspense filled ride with a lot of suprises.
0446525537|5.0|I have read a lot of books in my life, and I have read others by this author, none of them have impacted my emotions like this one. There are no words to describe it, only emotions. A simpler time in America, yes! But  love has not changed in all those years. Now I know why so many people from  this era have been or were married for so many years compaired with today.  They loved, unconditionally.
B0000024JN|5.0|I don't really like Beastie Boys other albums, I do not like Hello Nasty I like Punk Rock a lot more than rap, but this album rules! It's amazing, how in Hello Nasty B:Bs can repeat some lyrics and  use a few synthesisers for  six minutes and about 50 billion people buy the album, they make an amazing  album and about ten people buy it. This album is so good because it  combines loud in-your-face lyrics, good beats and good guitar in songs like  fight for your right. It's a really unique cd, there aren't many great   cd's out there that can hold the attension of Punk fans and rap fans.  This  is The Beastie Boys first album and all I can say about that is that,  B-Boys, you should have kept this sound, all the synthesisers and stuff, it  doesn't enhance your sound, guys you should've kept your sound.
0385493622|5.0|The book was unputdownable. I read it in one sitting and was disappointed when the book finally had to end. Such absolute lucidity for such a specialized and difficult subject!
0195067142|5.0|E.B. Sledge tells what it's like to fight, day after day, not knowing if you'll be wounded, maimed, killed at any moment, just going on and doing the worst job in the world -- because it has to be done, because your country needs you. I second the notion that this should be required reading in every high school, to let our youth know how evil war can be -- and how sometimes it's necessary.<br />I've never had to experience anything like the horrors Sledge and his comrades endured. My thanks to and prayers for the veterans of the most terrible war in history. You will not be forgotten.
B00002E233|5.0|I was unsure about whether to get this movie after all the poor reviews I saw in the press and on the internet.  Then I saw the making of program and it blew me away.  It made me depserate to watch Deep Blue Sea and boy was I  rewarded.  Quite simply it is fantastic entertainment.
B000007R0S|5.0|This disc is totally magnificent.  To be honest with you, I bought this cd only because it was encoded for DTS.  I am now an Eagles' fan.  The sound is awesome!  If you are able to play DTS, please do yourself a favor and  buy 2 copies of this disc.  If you don't have a DTS capable amp, then buy  this disc and a DTS ready amp, YOU WILL NOT BE SORRY!
B000001G1E|5.0|what can you say? the man is super bad.his music has tresended time and inspired countless others.the beats were ahead of there time and still sound fresh just ask the rap&amp;hip-hop community? who have benefited from  him.as well as pop artists.this box set traces him from the 50's thru the  80's.he did his major damage from the late 50's to the mid 70's.creating  the 4/4 beat chicken scratch guitar and the drums not to mention the  horns.in one hundred years folks like miles davis,duke ellington&amp;james  brown will be viewed as mozart,beethoven&amp;strauss are today. classical  composers.james's genius is timeless.there will never be another artist  like him.he is one of a kind.the godfather is a father of music.
B0000024SI|5.0|This quite simply is one of the seminal Bob Dylan albums. Starting off with the classic &quot;Like a Rolling Stone&quot; Dylan makes The Beatles look like they're singing nursery rhymes. But that's not even the best  track on the album. No, that distinction belongs to the locomotive that is  &quot;Tombstone Blues.&quot; All attitude, Dylan poetically &quot;lets it  rip&quot;and leaves the chips fall where they may. By the way, the awesome  guitar work you hear on this album is provided by the often criminally  overlooked Michael Bloomfield. A legend in his own right, Bloomfield pushes  Dylan over the top to achieve the a level of excellence most artists can't  even concieve. Other highlights include the title track, From a Buick 6,  and Ballad of a thin man. For those wanting to find out what Dylan is  about, 61 Reveisted isn't the whole story, but it's a damn good place to  start.
0671027344|5.0|I don't think that this should have been published under the MTV label, because it doesn't appeal to your typical plastic-faced MTV-watcher. This is a novel that can, depending on who you are, change your life for the  better, or just bore you (according to some of the negative reviews here).  This book seems to appeal more to sensitive, daydreaming outsiders and  people who have a certain mindset -- the imagination and wonder of a child  juxtaposed with the corruption and confusion of a '90s teenager, all  sprinkled with a dose of pop-culture and public school.<br />I, personally,  enjoyed this book very much; it even made me cry. I felt that it looked  into many of the aspects of teenhood, both good and bad, that a lot of us  tend to squirm at or ignore -- the &quot;macho&quot; standards of boyhood,  drugs, mismatched love, music/movies/books, education, family and friends,  hetero- and homosexuality, abuse, a wide range of emotions, trying to find  your niche -- all prevalent elements of modern teenhood, whether or not you  want to admit it. The anonymity of the letter-reciever made the story  universal and a bit mysterious. Charlie is a great narrator, making  charming observations about everything he stumbles upon. I liked the other  characters, too -- they reminded me of people that I've met in high school  and elsewhere; no one in this book seems the least bit unrealistic.<br />I'd  recommend TPOBAW to any reader who is mature and introspective enough to  appreciate it without (1) delving into a head-on &quot;classic&quot;  literary criticism of it from the start; (2) clinging to the  lowest-common-denominator MTV criterion; and (3) being too close-minded,  outgoing, stoic, adult-like, &quot;cool,&quot; etc. to at least _try_ to  like it.
B000002HMH|5.0|I haven't been listening to Metallica for about 10 years (I was a fan of MoP, RtL).  I picked up Load as an impulse buy a couple of years ago (just to hear if Metallica evolved at all, for good or bad) and have been  listening to it religiously ever since.  Favorites are &quot;Until it  Sleeps&quot;, &quot;King Nothing&quot; and &quot;Waste My Hate&quot; (is  that a kazoo?).<br />If Metallica didn't grow in your direction, that's a  shame, but they don't owe anybody an apology for this brilliant album.
B00000DGUG|4.0|Alanis wrote and recorded Jagged Little Pill.  It was huge.  She went to India, and this is the product.  Lots of Indian influences appear on this quite spiritual album.  There is a wide variety of themes on this album,  such as divorce, cults, suicide and revenge on an ex - lover.  This is a  creative album full of psychadelic tunes that with Alanis' talented vocals  make this album a very impressive follow up to Jagged Little Pill.  Another  thing that caused me to like particular songs is that Alanis' trademark  harmonica is still present on some songs, UR being an obvious one.  Certain  songs stand out for their varied musical styles or their lyrical styles.   Rambling poetry with music added to it is what I would describe this album  as.  The song 'Unsent', is made up of several letters containing Alanis'  thoughts to ex partners.  I think that this is a much more complete album  than Jagged Little Pill, because Alanis includes more subjects for songs  and more musical styles.  Another reason that I particularly like this  album because the songs are not constantly played on the radio.  Songs  which I think standout on this album are 'UR', 'Joining You', 'So Pure' and  'I Was Hoping' but all the songs are meaningful.  I highly reccomend this  album.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Well I can! You Know why, because it was.Talk about mile a minute chills and Thrills. Sweetheart if you haven't seen it yet, you must. This is a must have for anyone's collection! * Oh and P.S. Someone wanna give me   this  for  christmas? ( Hint, Hint)
B000002MY3|5.0|Although she has produced music before it, this is considered to be the debut album from the Canadian singer.  It is an impressive album, using various musical styles to create a unique and diverse sound.  Alanis'  lyrics, about subjects like ex-lovers, how parents pressure their children  and life in general, are truthful and hard hitting.  Even though songs like  'You Oughta Know' are played on the radio very often, they do not lose  their power and energy.  This is a clever album both musically and  lyrically, and you should find room for it in your CD collection. (That's  if you haven't already done so, seeing as over 25 million copies have been  sold!) Just one complaint - what Alanis thinks is ironic isn't actually  ironic.  Alanis - look up ironic in a dictionary!
0767819594|5.0|No, I'm not a professional reviewer so I'm not going to use big fancy words and I'm not an expert on movies. But this is what I know and am going to tell you; Cruel Intentions is one of the best movies I've seen! I saw it  in the movies once and knew it would be the answer to the question,  &quot;what is your favorite movie?&quot;. This movie has deception, clever  comebacks, humor, and everything else you could want in a crooked love  story. OK, so having hottie Ryan Phillippe on the screen adds a lot of  praise to my review. I mean, how hot can humans possible be? But that's not  why I liked the movie completely; my friend, who is a guy, and thinks  nothing of Ryan Phillippe, thought the movie was fantastic as much as I did  (having Sarah Michelle Geller and Reese Witherspoon was thrown into the  hottie factor for him). I feel like I'm making this a hormone movie, which  I'm not going to say it isn't (how can it not?). But I want people to know  that it DOES involve more than that, which I'm sure millions of people  would love. People, rent/buy/see this movie! It's great!
B000003TA4|5.0|This album, for a grunge/rock album, is very easy listening.  I bought this album apprehensively, but was pleasantly surprised.  I was expecting to turn this CD off about halfway through the first track, 'Smells Like  Teen Spirit', but I sat and listened to all twelve songs.  Before listening  to Nevermind, I called people who liked Nirvana 'Stupid moshers', but now I  have taken that back! This album is very talented, using different sounds  to create an album of tremendous importance to music of the 90's.  This is  a bittersweet album created by a talented drummer, bass guitarist and  singer/guitarist.  This is an album which has changed my opinion of grunge,  and I will be listening to more of Nirvana's work in the future.  I highly  reccomend this album.  The standout tracks for me are, 'Smells like teen  spirit'(a classic), 'Breed' and 'Stay away'.
B000002BMD|3.0|i used to like this cd a whole lot better. it hasnt aged too well. i dont like the production very much. one good thing: now that james doesnt have to sing richey's impenatrable lyrics, it sounds like he actually has a clue  what he's singing. one bad thing: richey's lyrics were, taken apart from  the songs, quite devastatingly good. its about half great, half eehhhh.
B000003TAR|4.0|After their sudden success, Nirvana, the Seattle grunge trio, had to make a follow up fast.  This album helped enlarge their fanbase, with it's lyrics that did not insult your intelligence and catchy guitar riffs.  A  talented bassist and drummer also help make this album into one of the  greats.  Kurt Cobain was a talented writer and the strength of his songs is  not reducing on this album.  Not quite as good as Nevermind, but forr fans  and new listeners alike - this is good!
6305127638|5.0|Patrick Stewart is one actor that gets too little recognition.  In Star Trek 8, Stewart manages a huge array of acting abilities and emotions.  His portrayal as a man enraged by his past keeps you riveted to the screen.<br />Brent Spiner as Data is effective as always.  The Borg Queen is amazing  at her seduction of Data.  The story is thick with many details and keeps  you guessing at every turn.<br />The direction by Frakes is much cleaner  than the next in the series.  There are less &quot;soap opera-ish&quot;  lines and scenes in this one.<br />I am pleased to recommend this movie as the  best in the Star Trek Series.
B000003JDA|4.0|I'm a huge fan of Ian Andersons' acoustic side and this cd showcases some great sides of this incredibly multi-talented man, his music to me is synonomus with autumn and winter.Put this cd in with Songs from the  Wood,Heavy Horses,and Storm Watch, start a fire, grab a pint and enjoy!
0451160916|5.0|We were given a project to do at school where we could read any book. So after watching the film (which was average) I decided to read this book, and it was soooo good, scary in all the right places (most of the book).  It's not just all gore like some horror books it is really freaky and it  just keeps you guessing. I would definatley recomoned people to read this  book, also do not be put off by the film, the book is so much  better.<br />e-mail me!
B00000IPAX|2.0|The newest album by Blink 182 is one of the worst punk albums I have ever listened to.  It is your typical punk album and there really is no difference in the songs.  The strongest songs on the album are their hit  singles, &quot;What's My Age Again&quot; and &quot;All the Small  Things.&quot;  Enema of the State is just a collection of power chords and  high-pitched, juvenile lyrics that drown out after five minutes.
B00000K19E|5.0|I think the movie was created by geniuses because of the digital animation the movie had to use and because it was a mix of si-fi and action.<br /> From watching the making of the Matrix on the DVD  I think that the directors  chose the right charachters for the job.<br />The movie was a spectacular  way  of using computers and kun-foo in one. It was EYE-POPING Spectacular.
B0000048V8|5.0|I saw The Snowman just two nights ago on PBS.  I agree with everything written in previous reviews, but want to add how powerful an ending this story has.  In the morning, just after the boy wakes, he races downstairs and finds proof in a gift that the Snowman was real at the same moment he  discovers the Snowman melted.  It was not a dream, but it is lost.  The  Snowman's reality is confirmed for the boy (and the viewer) at the same  instant it is confirmed dead, making the loss all the greater.  I felt it  the same way I experienced Christmas as a kid, when the anticipation and  magic of Christmas Eve is finished and all that remains are little gifts.  The boy has his gift, but its worth is gone except in memory and the hope  that Christmas will come again next year.
0767815335|2.0|&quot;The Last Action Hero&quot; is a rare thing- an action comedy spoof that has difficulty remembering what it is supposed to be exactly. The action genre is certainly ripe for a mocking, what with the thousands of  &quot;Die Hard&quot; clones Hollywood has thrust upon the public. This  could have been the perfect spoof film- team &quot;Die Hard&quot; director  John McTiernan with The Terminator and let the jokes fly. But instead the  movie tries to be serious, then tries to make jokes about the genre, then  goes back to being serious again. The actors are making one kind of movie,  the directors are making another. It ends up a damn mess.<br />Aside from a  humorous bit with Arnold as Hamlet at the begining, this one is a real dog.
B000002UB3|5.0|It's obvious that people either love this album or for some unexplicable reason they hate it. If you have any soul, this album will grab it and take it for a roller-coaster ride. The first side is full of light, almost  childish songs that can always raise a smile. The second side just blows me  away every time I listen to it. This is a must own album for anyone who  loves emotion-inducing music.
068815333X|5.0|I read an average of two books a week and I never felt a need to recommend any author.  I read all of Dennis Lehane's books, except A Drink Before the War and I'm waiting for a  responsibility free weekend to read it so I  won't have to put it down.  I read Sacred twice and found it just as  amazing the second time as the first.  Dennis Lehane's characters really  are characters but they are totally believable.  Patrick Kenzie, as the  main character, tells you the story but he doesn't make himself an  invincible hero, just a guy you wouldn't want to date, but would feel lucky  to have as a friend.  Angie, as his partner, is, of course, beautiful but  even with her aggressive, sometimes belligerent attitude, she's human too,  staying in an abusive relationship for 12 years.  Bubba, although he's a  psychotic criminal, has a soft, fuzzy side that's really likable (from a  distance).  Some won't like the graphic violence in Prayers or Darkness but  I think the media has made us jaded enough to deal with it within the  context of the stories.  I didn't read the stories in order but I think  each book is well written enough to stand on its own.  I'm wondering how  long Dennis Lehane will be able to keep the series going and hoping one new  book a year for the next 20 or 30 years isn't too much to ask.
6305513406|1.0|...two shows on a disc is not enough. Tapes could only hold somuch, and so can dvds but I'm sorry, anyone who buys these are gettingripped off. The Stand miniseries is on one disc for pete's sake. You could easily fit the ENTIRE series in say a five disc set. Honestly...Even a hard core fan isn't going to buy every episode on dvd when only two episodes are on it a piece.  But even a casual fan couldn't resist the entire series in a box set of only a few discs... Hardcore fans already have the shows on tape, and new fans don't waste your time. Watch the re-runs.  END
B00000D9TQ|4.0|Phil Collins' fans will agree, we spent the last two decades loving his stuff.  His voice was as much a part of rock stations as it was pop.  Most everything he does is catchy and memorable, be it a love song, a dance hit  or a &quot;message&quot; song.  Though missing a few really good songs,  this CD is a must for Phil fans and makes a good gift for under the  Christmas tree too!
B00000IQC8|5.0|The greatest comedy movie of all time. Hands down, this shows the creative genius work of Kevin Smith's brilliant rookie performance. This Black &amp; White movie sets the standards for all comedy movies to follow. A must see,  if not seen already.
B00001ZULV|5.0|Every Genesis hit you could want is on this excellent CD.  It is crammed with all their best.  A solid buy with 17 tracks to enjoy again and again!  Sing, dance, sit back and just listen.
B000002UB6|4.0|Most people are aware that this album was only released after Alan Klein enlisted Phil Spector to plow through hundreds of hours of tapes which The Beatles had washed their hands of.  The Beatles themselves had very little  to do with the release and Paul McCartney actually took legal action over  the project.  The whole thing was bungled badly.  There were two previous  attempts to release this album (originally called &quot;Get Back&quot;) -  both were abandoned.  Spector's attempts to replicate a live album get  rather annoying at times especially the totally unnecessary and frankly  stupid &quot;audio graffiti&quot; between some of the tracks - the bit at  the start of the album almost puts you off the whole thing right away.   Maggie May should have been left right off and almost ruins the whole  album.  Despite what many think I like the version of Across the Universe  on this album - lush, dreamy, wispy.  The production enhances the song.   Likewise the production on Let it Be (the song).  Many people don't realise  that Spector edited in an extra repeat of the final chorus which also  enhances the song.  One criticism of the CD release is the poor sound  quality.  The original UK record had excellent sound and is far better than  the CD.  The 30th anniversary of the album's release is coming up soon.   George Martin and EMI should commemorate it by finally releasing the  original Get Back album, something fans have been waiting for for many  years.  The version of Two of Us on Get Back is far superior to the one  which finally surfaced on Let It Be and there is the full three minute  version of Dig It.  So come on EMI, get cracking on bringing out the  original Get Back album for the 30th anniversary.
0790729989|5.0|You are never prepared for what comes next in this movie.  From the creepy opening minutes to the shocking final scene, you won't budge from your seat.  SEVEN brings out the best in Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt,  showcasing both actors' incredibly convincing characters.  Gwenyth Paltrow,  though in a smaller role, shines as the sweet and innocent wife.  This film  is NOT for the timid or the very young, but SEVEN is truly one for your  video libraries.
B000002JKA|5.0|Definitely the thinking man's music. I only recently got into this, as beforehand I was put off by the loudness and the difference between it and their other masterpieces Images &amp; Words and Metropolis Part II.  Definitely get this if you be a fan of DT or appreciate technicality with a  metal edge, or if you love prog-rock with soul. And I admit, sometimes I  keep the last track, Space-Dye Vest, on repeat for hours. Floyd fans will  like that one. If you've been frustrated with today's music, and what the  media calls &quot;heavy metal,&quot; you will probably want to check this  out. Be forewarned though, unlike with other &quot;metal&quot; bands, one  must have a brain to get into Dream Theater.
0780626478|4.0|Really enjoyable.  The entire cast, right down to the kooky bar bum who lives atop the family's shelter, is funny and genuine.  And who knew Sissy Spacek could be so funny?  Fraser captures our hearts as Adam, a true  gentleman whom every woman would love to call her &quot;sweetheart&quot;  and Silverstone is precious as the wide-eyed yet tough hearted Eve.  Together they create the sparks that make BLAST the kind of movie you will  enjoy more than once.
0446525537|5.0|I'm an avid reader and love all kinds of books.  This has to be the best novel I've read all year though.  I laughed and I cried.  It was the kind of story you'll always remember and think about with every other book you  read.  I recommend this to anyone else!
B00000IQMT|5.0|John Willams deserves to win an Oscar for this score as he did on STAR WARS IV, later he was nominated for The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi, its been a long time since he won an Oscar for his work on  Schindler's List, and for the last years he's been nominated for his  scoring on such movies like Amistad and Saving Private Ryan, so the Academy  judges should see and hear how he music of Duel of the Fates afects the way  we see the climatic lightsaber battle, and the hint of Anakin's future on  his theme; because unlike others would have done Williams didn't abuse on  using the chorus, he just put it right when it's necesary and the whole  score doesn't has it, so there are many beautiful orchestal parts also, new  themes like Duel of the Fates are added to some previous ones like Star  Wars, and The Force themes, so if any any Academy reviewer reads this,  please consider of taking away every sound of the movie but the music and  see how Star Wars Episode I IS a silent film as George Lucas said.
B000001EHS|5.0|Def Leppard. Significantly the only eighties hard rock/metal band whose songs do not sound the least bit dated. Some how, Lep's music is so well crafted, and the production and playing are so perfect that given time,  they'll get the respect they deserve. All the best stuff is here:  &quot;Animal&quot;, &quot;Foolin&quot;, &quot;Hysteria&quot;,  &quot;Armaggeddon It&quot;, &quot;Pour Some Sugar On Me&quot;, &quot;Let's  Get Rocked&quot; and a host of others. But of course, this is a greatest  hits compliation, so some songs are left out in favor of the chart hits.  Where's &quot;Rock Rock (Till you Drop)&quot;, &quot;Let it Go&quot;,  &quot;Woman&quot;, &quot;Action&quot;,?  &quot;Adrenalize&quot; is severely  overlooked, &quot;Make Love Like a Man&quot;, &quot;Tear it Down&quot;,  &quot;Stand Up&quot;, and &quot;White Lightening&quot; should be on  &quot;Vault&quot;. But regardless of the songs that did'nt make the cut,  &quot;Vault&quot; rules, everyone should have this cd.
B000031XCR|5.0|I have bought the CD and I like it very mouch. She really diserves 5 stars. I can't believe it that other people can bring her down. I realise that we all don't like the same music but respect the other person. There  are singers that I don't like but I will not  call the singer names!   Respect someone else his abilities. If you know something about music, then  you have to say that Celine has a voice like nobody else. Why does she sell  so many records?  Because she is no good?  Come on, 100.000.000 sold  records!  THAT MEANS SOMETHING.
B000002UZ1|5.0|This album has &quot;All You Need is Love,&quot; &quot;Hello Goodbye,&quot; &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever,&quot; &quot;Hey Jude,&quot; &quot;Let It Be,&quot; &quot;Come Together,&quot; &quot;Revolution,&quot;  and many more classic songs that helped to define rock and roll. This album  does a better job than many other compilations of capturing the peak  performances of a first rate band. So I was surprised and baffled to see  some of the 1 star reviews that preceded my own. This album had a big  impact on me in my high school years. I had heard songs like &quot;I Wany  to Hold Your Hand&quot; growing up. But these songs really showed me how  inventive and creative the Beatles really were. And let me tell you  something else: None of the solo Beatles ever put together an album as  cohesive and compelling as this one. This recording deserves its stars. And  the sound quality of the CD is better than any other remastered Beatles CD.
0060977493|5.0|A wonderful book. I highly recommend it to those with an interest in India, its traditions and culture. Roy's language is very rich and unique.
B000002UYZ|5.0|This collection is essential to any understanding of Sixties' rock and roll and it successfully captures the tuneful, melodic early Beatles. For my wallet's sake, i wish they would have put all 26 tunes on 1 CD. It's  only 62 minutes of music. But retaining the 2 CD format keeps in step with  the original 2 record format, I guess. At any rate, this classic pop  collection is certainly worth the 30 clams you'll have to shell out to get  it. And don't hesitate to purchase &quot;The Beatles: 1967-1970.&quot;
0767810856|5.0|This movie lets the viewer see different aspects of 2 lives.  The greedy people and the giving and caring people.  Nicholas C. and waitress give back to the people, which makes you feel good inside.  Made me want to give  more.  Lets viewers see how good it can really feel when a person gives.  I  guess the saying is right, it is better to give than to receive.
B0000028SU|4.0|This is one of Bruce's most underrated CD's. It's the first album in many years where he didn't sound as if he was struggling with inner demons. The opening song, &quot;Better Days,&quot; certainly makes this point in a  forthright way. In addition, the title track rocks, &quot;If I Should Fall  Behind&quot; is one of the Boss' most beautiful songs, and &quot;Leap of  Faith&quot; uses biblical metaphors to describe the start of a delightful  relationship. I also like the darker numbers &quot;Souls of the  Departed&quot; and &quot;The Big Muddy.&quot; But generally speaking, this  is a sweet snapshot of secure love, in contrast to the collapsing romances  depicted on Bruce's earlier album, The Tunnel of Love. You can usually see  this CD in used CD bins. Don't hesitate to pick it up.
0767819594|5.0|This is the seriously best movie I have EVER seen.  The emotions in this movie were so good.  The actors were perfect for their roles, and Ryan Phillipe did a really good job as Sebastian.  This movie was REALLY good.   If you haven't seen it, you have to, if you have, then you have to buy it.
6304504039|5.0|I generally haven't been too impressed with Madonna, but I think she was excellent as Evita.  She has the same raw ambition and has exploited her attributes, especially her sexuality to the utmost.  Her personality was  juxtaposed into Evita's character in a very intriguing way. <br />My problem  with many historical biographical films is the dialogue.  I constantly  wonder how accurate it really is.  This musical format takes that  irritating element out, and brings things to a more primordial level, where  the emotional flow is tied together only with sketchy details.  To me, this  tells the story in a more intense and believable way.  <br />The  cinematography was breathtaking and the way that sequences were rapidly and  surrealistically woven in and out also heightened the intensity of the  experience.  The always-changing scenes and costumes also added to the  film's incredible visual appeal.  Anyway, all I can say is that I really  enjoyed it, more so the second time than the first, when I had time to  appreciate the clever details.
B000002O4S|5.0|When I first saw the Back to the Future movie, I was simply amazed.  What really got me excited was the &quot;to be continued...&quot; at the end.  I could not wait for the second movie to come out.  Anyway, I bought the  soundtrack to the movie and re-lived the movie all over again.<br />All of the  songs were good, but I fell in love with the songs that the orchestra  played.  I listen to the CD in my car and it really makes me want to have a  lead foot until I reach 88 MPH.  I know it sounds stupid, but this music  can get you excited.  The score for this movie was very well done.  If you  have bought the soundtrack to &quot;Superman&quot;, you know how excited  you can get.<br />What I thought was strange was one of the songs.  Do you  remember when Marty comes back from the past and can't get the car started?   The song that was being played on the radio where that homeless person was  sleeping on the bench is on the CD.  If you ask me, tracks 3 and 6 are the  best.<br />This CD is worth your money.
B000002BUY|5.0|This is one of the best albums put out in a long time.  Incubus just rocks!  They sound great on this album and they sound even better live.  The way that they have blended all types of moderen pop music is amazing.   They really know how to make you FEEL thier music.  If like this album and  this type of music, I suggest that you also try out Hot Sauce Johnson.   They take Incubus and Seven Dust and throw them together.  If you don't  have Incubus I suggest that you get it as fast as possible.  You are really  missing out some some of the best musical genius that I have ever heard!
0679759328|4.0|Faithful devotees of Anita Brookner will want to return again and again to the groundbreaking &quot;Hotel du Lac&quot; as to a kind of sacred literary scripture. This book, with which its creator cast her authorial fishing  line out into the world and brought back the considerable catch of the  prestigious Booker Prize, is a perfect little novel with a modest voice and  absolutely devastating proportions. Though several of Brookner's later  books might justly leap into the boxing ring, throw out their chests and  duke it out with &quot;Hotel du Lac&quot; for the honor of being the  author's best, it is easy to see why &quot;Hotel du Lac&quot; attracted so  much attention to its pretty self in the first place. Surrounded by crowds  of Brookner admirers, it fans itself calmly, smiles with assurance, and  opens wide its lovely eyes to acknowledge the presence of those who think  it remarkable. &quot;Hotel du Lac&quot; takes place in an exotic setting.  It focusses on a child's handful of characters who slip, at first nearly  unnoticed, into the inner caverns of one's brain and remain lodged there  with the tenacity of veteran spelunkers. The short time span covered by the  book's plot intensifies the urgency of the action to a very heightened  degree, as if chef Brookner were heating up the whole concoction in a kind  of high tech literary pressure cooker. The result is a flavorful feast for  anyone who cares to acquire a taste for her unique fusion of carefully  chosen ingredients: the intense internal monologue; observation of  phenomena in nearly microscopic detail; the situation of those who, by  choice or otherwise, must live their lives essentially alone. Edith Hope,  the book's main character, once met can never be forgotten. Why not walk by  her side for the short space of these twelve lovely chapters? Would her  decisions be yours? &quot;Hotel du Lac&quot; is a particularly intriguing  resort destination, well worth the price of a week on its venerable  verandahs.
B00000I8BX|5.0|I love this cd, Fear Factory couldnt have made a better album than this one...My favorites are  Securitron,Resurrection and Freedom Or Fire... Burton shows that he can sing in both a screaming and a melodic voice as he  shows in Timelessness and Resurrection and Screaming in Shock,Freedom or  Fire and Hi Tech Hate... The extra tracks are awesome expecially Soulwound  and Concreto,Definate A+ album, Burton and Dino and Ray and Christian have  made it better than Demanufacture....BUY IT its worth the money...
079213690X|5.0|The only thing that needs to be done is for it to be made into a DVD!  This movie is a great heroic tale of how one man (William Wallace) helped the Scots gain their freedom.  Oh - and one more thing: it's a real  tear-wrencher, you know the kind with the sad ending?  Oh, well, I guess  all directors do that for the out-pouring of strong opinions and supporters  - well I am a supporter!
6300181464|4.0|I have to admit to seeing this film several times years apart, and every time I see it I always end up in tears, (yep you can call me a wimp if you like), but it does jerk the old heart strings, and only a couple of other  movies do that to me. One being the very moving Glory with Denzel  Washington and Mathew Broderick. So Iwill definately be buying myself a  copy of this movie, finances permitting &lt;g&gt;.
0782008364|5.0|Bound is a movie we had to own. Whether it's the hot love scenes or it's interesting story line it will be movie that you'll want to show to everyone you know. A very tastefully done movie.It will keep you glued to  the screen from beginning to end.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|This band definitely rocks.  The lyrics, political feelings aside, are brilliant.  This album is quite simply not as good as the other two.  Guerrila Radio, and Sleep Now in the Fire are highlights for me.  Other  songs like Maria, and Born as a ghost get a &gt;&gt;.  Rage is definitely a  band that will be around for a long time pretending to fight the &quot;evil  empire&quot; that sanctions those imperialistic, murderous, greedy  capitalist (who also happen to sign their paychecks).
B000002UAU|3.0|a gallop thru a wonderland with wallop.  truly a landmark work making a story-like effect and great tunes to boot!
0553108034|5.0|Wow, it will be a long wait for the next book, but the characters are all so rich that the story will be etched into my mind until then.  A long book, but also hard to put down.  Some great twists and turns throughout  and some great cliffhangers in the end.  Make sure you read the first book  of the series first, and also take a look at the character listing at the  end to remember who is who and which side they are on.  It can get  confusing!  The map of King's Landing at the end is also helpful in sorting  out the defense of the city and where things are in relation to one  another.
B0000028RR|5.0|Not only the best Rage CD in my opinion, but one of the best CDs of the 90s.  It revolutionized not only the rock genre but the rap, and inspired popular bands like korn and limp bizkit.  As Rolling Stone put it, it is an  essential recording of the 90's, and a must own CD by any rock fan who not  only likes to listen to hard music, but really good guitar solos (settle  for nothing), and with a message that's sure to wake you up.  Endlessly  inventing and rocking, only people who are afraid of the truth will hate  this record.
B000003BEV|4.0|I am sick and tired of people knocking this album. Okay, if you don't like the Lp fine, music has to do with taste. When I first bought this Lp about twenty years ago I remember saying two things to myself 1) With the  exception of &quot;She's A Rainbow&quot; and &quot;2,000 Light Years From  Home&quot;, I thought the Lp stunk 2) I also remember saying this Lp sounds  nothing like &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; so what is all this 'rip-off'  nonsense. However, over the years the Lp has grown on me and I think it was  one of the best Lp's the Stones made. Songs like &quot;Sing This Song All  Together&quot;, &quot;Citadel&quot;, &quot;2,000 Man&quot;, &quot;In  Another Land&quot;, &quot;Sing This Song Pt2&quot; and &quot;On With The  Show&quot; are quite good as well. All of this Sgt Pepper 'rip-off' stuff  is nonsense. Since when is one group making a psychedelic Lp a 'rip-off'  Sgt Pepper when that's what every group at the time was doing. If there are  no similarities either lyricaly or musically between any of the songs, then  'rip-off' is a very strong way of putting it. I think 'influenced' is more  like it, but what post Pepper psychedelic Lp wasn't? And believe me there  is a big difference between 'ripping-off' and influenced. It's an  underrated classic.
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool is unlike any other band out there.  Their music is not just about hard guitar riffs and intense vocals, but like a journey into the unknown, in the matter of your worst nightmare.  Movies like &quot;Begotten&quot; or  &quot;Eraserhead&quot; comes to mind when listening to their music.  They  avoid pummeling you with moshy punk tracks (the exception is track 7, which  will blow you away more than any other hard fast song) and utilize their  time in performing their music, building in intensity like professionals.   Adam Jones intense guitar as well as Maynard's intense vocals, Justin's  deep bass and Danny's perfect drumming are all essential to Tool's music.   Some may say Undertow is better, but, just like Tool themselves, it's all  about evolving, and they have evolved, getting better with each album.   Their songwriting style reminds you of Kubrick's moviemaking - coming out  with albums after a long time since the last one, but when they do, it is  fulfilling, and unlike Kubrick, none of their albums have been  disappointing.  Some of the most intense songs I have ever heard, and a lot  of variety on it too - with 5 tracks which aren't really &quot;songs&quot;  no other band comes close to matching the intensity of Tool, and no one who  loves hard music should be without Aenima.  After listening to this, it's  scary to think how their next album will sound like.  Too good and too  intense to even imagine.  It's hard to think they could get better after  Aenima.  They certainly deserved the grammy they won.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I love this CD! Even though I am only 12, i still love it. ALL of the songs are great. Not like some albums with one or two hits. Plus, the guys are really cute! They also write their own lyrics and play their own music.
B00000JJQK|2.0|I share the same confusion as the reviewer a few entries below me - what's the big deal here?  To hear so many people champion this recording as the greatest rock album ever seems ludicrous to me.  I bought this CD a few  months ago and listened to it several times, hoping it would &quot;grow on  me&quot;, as many of my favorite discs have.  I finally gave it to my  father-in-law, hoping he would derive some pleasure from it.  If you're  looking for truly original and inspiring classic rock, stick to  &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;, &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot;, &quot;Astral  Weeks&quot;, &quot;Born to Run&quot;, &quot;Exile on Main St.&quot;, or any  album by the Velvet Underground.
B00001NFCY|3.0|It doesn't seem like this CD has quite as much variety as My Own Prison, and some of the tracks will NOT help the perception that they're a grunge-wannabe band (&quot;What If&quot;... STP, anyone?), which was one of  the things I never really thought about much with MoP. That being said,  it's a very solid rock album, and they don't get way out there with  experimentalism. The guys stick to what works, which is a blessing or a  curse depending on who you ask. Some of my favorite tracks include  &quot;Are You Ready?&quot; (&quot;Your life has just begun!&quot;),  &quot;Say I&quot;, and Inside Us All&quot;, which is pretty and touching.  Don't buy this CD expecting something new, just the &quot;Faceless  Men&quot; of Creed that you know.
B00000K0DT|3.0|Warning to DVD viewers who have not seen this movie: Do not play the menu screen before watching the movie.  The menu shows movie clips in the background, some of which are from near the end of the movie.  I don't know  who the morons were who created this DVD, but someone should tell them that  that the movie is esentially a MYSTERY, and they should probably refrain  from showing people the ending before they watch it.  This is a great  movie, it is a shame that the DVD producers put such little thought into  making this DVD.
B000002KL3|4.0|&quot;...And the Cradle Will Rock!&quot; is hilarious lyrically, as is &quot;Could This Be Magic&quot;, which has that campfire-song feel to it. &quot;Everybody Wants Some! &quot; is great, the heaviest on this album,  even though the riff is pretty simple. Still, I'm REALLY edging towards 3  1/2 or 3 stars for this CD, because it just seems a little thin in too many  places, with some filler (&quot;Tora!&quot;/&quot;Loss of Control&quot; =  wtf?). In the end, though, it's not a bad CD by any means. But the guys  have done better too.
6304414048|4.0|A moving experience of the cold reality of the state some people are reduced to. A sterling performance by Cage &amp; Shue.
B000002N2P|5.0|As I read somewhere, Billie wrote this when he had his kid...so hence the title..I love this cd...it's turbocharged with great lyrics and awesome guitar riffs..this cd is up to par with every green day cd...if not better!
B0000214F2|4.0|Patch Adams could only be compared with Sister Kenny, the establishment could not possiby relate to common sense in treatment, or the fact that some dedicated people have the interests of the few at heart.
B000001EHS|5.0|Joe Elliot's voice still sends chills up my spine! And God Bless Phil Collen!
0783226845|5.0|Al Pacino, simply THANK YOU for the fine performance, if you have not seen this movie you are missing one of the greatest pictures you will ever see.
6304117752|5.0|The Sound of Music is such a enchanting film.  I was engrossed from the moment I heard Marias' voice on the hilltops to the conclusion of the story. The slight mischevious nature of Maria and her lively zest pervade  the somber Von Trap family.  Every song is excellent, and the voices that  sing them are equally excellent.  The film overwhelmed me with its magical  and moving progression and I was sad to see it end!  The characters of  Maria, Captain, and the children are wonderful and likable.  Of course  there is a need for some kind of villian, and the baroness plays that part.   I am pleased to say that this movie is the best film ever created because  it truly touches the hearts of viewers more than any other film I have  seen.  The combination of the beautiful voices, exciting songs, likable  characters, and magnificent plot line and scenery makes this movie close to  perfection.  I am enthralled by the story each time I see it, and no other  movie has captured my attention and admiration to that extent.  It is so  magical that I must recommend this film for everyone, children and adults  alike.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Life is Beautiful is a wonderful masterpiece, which is hard to find in this day and age.  LiB is  by far the best movie I've ever seen. I felt the joy and pain of the characters, and was touched by Guido's actions to  protect his son.  Although at moments, unrealistic, LiB pulls the whole  thing off with brilliance and passion. I think some of the comments made by  viewers that hated the movie are exagerated and spiteful. The reviews show  that in a big group of people, there's always going to be one negative  person who tries to ruin it for everyone.  LiB is fabulous, and those who  speak negotively about the movie have much bigger problems than hating the  movie.
0671502336|5.0|This book has helped keep me sane while living through some insane times.  Once you read it, you will never look at the world the same way again. &quot;The best there is&quot; certainly describes Catch-22.
B000000H57|5.0|When I first heard this album, I was a real metal idiot boy.  I was worshipping Sepultura, Metallica, Korn et al and loving every minute of it.  Then a friend of mine gave me a lend of this album.  I was dumbfounded.   This instantly became one of my favourite albums of all time.  Although in  terms of guitar distortion or vocals this album is unlike any of the  aforementioned, this is still 'heavy'.  The effect produced by the 'drab  four' on this album can kill.   Peter Steele, master of self-deprecation  and wit, could pass for a latter day Paul Robeson. I kid you not, this mans  voice is so rich and deep he could be an opera singer.  The music on  show  is quite phenomenal.  Josh and Peter have composed excellence together, and  particular note must be made of Josh's superb deployment of keyboards  throughout the entire album,  perfectly accentuating and reinforcing every  note and change.  The tone of the album is far more relaxed than previous  records, and as a result the songs can 'breathe'.  It is less aggressive  and the guitars and vocals are nowhere near as angry or harsh as before.  The whole works drips with atmosphere, from the lush artwork to the surreal  beauty of Haunted.  As usual, the bands trademark sense of humour arises at  most unlikely moments, and the  liner notes are as entertaining as the CD  itself.  Standout tracks are: 'Love you to death', my girlfriend's  girlfriend'(a radio song if ever I heard one), 'wolf moon' and the cover of  Neil Young's 'cinnamon girl', which works amazingly well.  My personal  favourite, 'Wolf Moon', is just superb.  A classic  goth(adelic) tune, and  a classic album.  The consistency of the songs is quite unlike any other of  the late 90's, all having their own character and uniqueness.  Get it, and  make these Brooklyn boys rich.  They deserve it.
B000006IUQ|4.0|Anthony Hopkins is great as usual and gives his character depth.  Well written dialogue and story as Alec Baldwin plays the role he's been stereotyped in: the bad guy who isn't totally bad.  The ambiguity of  the final portion left me confused as to what was happening in Hopkin's  character's mind.  Why would he care about Baldwin's character?  The film  is frought with cryptic references and a soul-searching undercurrent during  the fight for survival in Alaskan wilderness.<br />  Finally, the bear is  really what the meat of the film seems to be about.  The exciting terror of  outwitting a bear before he has you for dinner.  All else is a bit of  an ill concieved 2nd plot, though the whole effort is worth seeing.  At  least you cant say too much is explained.
B00000JPH0|5.0|This has to be one of the better war movies of all time. It's a shame that it isn't better known in the US. The battle scenes are fantastic, making you feel like you're a part of the action. What this must have been like on  the big screen! This movie follows a Finnish company from mobilization to  war's end, with plenty of action and some leave in between. The numbers of  people involved, from the Russian wave attacks to the marching soldiers, is  also seldom seen these days. Overall, it's an excellent film.
B000007OY0|5.0|The Shawshank Redemption is easily one of the 5 best movies I have ever seen, and I consider myself a movie junkie. The relationship between Robbins and Freeman seems absolutely real. The story teaches us that  anything can be achieved by keeping hope alive. There are a couple of  memorable lines that will stay with you for a lifetime. No offense to Tom  Hanks who won Best Oscar the year this movie came out for &quot;Forrest  Gump&quot; but Freeman's performance in this movie should have garnered him  the Best Oscar. I also recommend the short story &quot;Rita Hayworth and  the Shawshank Redemption&quot; by Stephen King from his collection  &quot;Four Seasons&quot; as required reading. This is the first time a  movie and a book have been on equal footing. Must see!
B00000K31V|5.0|The Canadian Special Edition DVD has three separate commentary tracks, a behind the scenes look at DC'S set designer, and the trailers. Way better then the North American release.
0312199066|5.0|Fun book.  It is not full of technical jargon. He surprised me by wrapping up the book within ten pages of descriping his moon walk.<br />Eugene Cernan endorses the fact he traveled to the moon with a scientist instead of an  Air Force pilot.  Nice touch.<br />Folks interested in the Moon effort should  read this book!
0553278398|5.0|I read the Foundation trilogy befor reading Prelude, and Forward the Foundation. I found it interesting to go back and see the life of Hari Seldon. This book fit in perfectly with the Foundation trilogy. I liked  that it had Daneel in it, and I was surprised to like Cleon the first, who  is the Emperor of the Galactic Empire(you don't actually get to know him  until Forward the Foundation). This was a must enjoyable addition to the  Foundation saga.<br />P.S. If you get this book you should also get Forward  the Foundation = )
630438551X|4.0|I was bowled over by the fresh new approach and meaning given to the ancient words of Shakespeare.  This film made the story accessible and relevant for modern times. I watched it twice in a row.  I loved it!
0679409866|5.0|This book is one of Austen's best i read this book for my senior english class it is the only book that i have ever taken to. Hard to understand at first but once you get into it you can't put it down.
B000031XCR|5.0|This album is great.  It has the just the right mix of old hits and great new songs.  Anyone who doesn't love this album should get their ears checked and anyone who doesn't have anything better to do than to trash a  wonderful person like Celine Dion needs to get a life.
B000003BDJ|5.0|If you've ever heard the Stones casually over the radio or tv, then this album is for you.  All the classics are here.  This album never lets down and is almost too good to be true.
B000035Z2L|2.0|Bottom line: This movie is a cliched teenage comedy.  Thepremise is about as fresh as the idea of an escaped mental patientkilling sexually promiscuous teens.  It's about a group of friends that vow to lose their virginity before prom night.  Along the way, they get involved in some pretty outrageous situations.  I know.  It sounds like I've just described every teenage comedy from the last 40 years.<br />But, I must say that the characters are very real and the performances by the young cast are good, as well.  But the film has as many mis-fires as it does hits in the gag department.  Plus, as a whole, it just doesn't hold up.  But's it's okay to waste a little time on. <br />Also, Eugene Levy delivers the most laughs as the father trying to deal with his teenage son, played by Emmy nominee Jason Biggs.  END
0784010528|5.0|Along with The Crow, and Fight Club, this film would stand as one of my all time favourites. I have read many a novel on Jim, and own all of his albums, hence I could be a little biased on the actual filming merit of the  movie, however to me, it is a striking portrayal of perhaps one of the most  chrismatic and interesting artists of history. One of the main themes of  the movie, and something that remains unknown to many of the band fans, is  that Jim was really a poet (seen by his great spoken album American  Prayer), not a rockstar, and this is a contributing factor to his eventual  downfall, his need to play the part of a singer. This film can be  confrontingly vivid and somewhat shocking, and although it does contain  several untruths regarding the events that surrounded Jim, I believe it is  an excellent portrayal of his personality. Many would disagree, however few  could argue that the those that hate Jim and the Doors with a passion,  after seeing this film, would be slightly entrigued about Jim Morrison.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie is kool, i's full of action and it;s got awesome special effects, if you haven't seen it, SEE IT NOW!
B00000JCB2|4.0|What a breath of fresh air. This album is pleasantly more listenable than there previous. I mean what do know the lead singer can sing. I thought for the longest time that they were just another ranting, screaming bunch of  Korn clones that would just keep hurting my ears. But to my surprize  they're not. Of course when the album first came out the first single  &quot;nookie&quot; told me that the band probably didn't change and the  whole album was just going to be filled with incoherent mindless lyrics  like there last album had. But I gave it the benefit of the dought and  actually sat down and listened to a used copy of the CD in a local music  store. And than it happened I landed on the song &quot;re-arranged&quot;  and than I landed on the song &quot;no sex&quot; and that's when I stopped  and listened to the words and the openness in which they were spoken. It  reminded me of all my past failed relationships that weren't respectable  but were just about one thing and one thing only and that was sex, that  song really hits home, hopefully they'll come out with it and maybe some of  the kids that are huge fans of the group will take heart in the words, I  know I have.
0790729687|5.0|An excellent companion to Anne Rice's novel by the same name, &quot;Interview with a Vampire&quot; tells the story of The Vampire Lestat from the point of view of one of his disciples, Louis.  Acting is good  all-around, with Tom Cruise playing a convincing Lestat, and Kirsten Dunst  as a frightening child vampire.<br />This film provides, on one level, a  bewitching horror story filled with suspense, action, and the macabre.   Viewed as a companion to the novel, however, it can be seen as a gripping  commentary not on life as a vampire, but on life as an ordinary human  being.
B00000JPHD|5.0|The score absolutely ruins the movie you cant hear the diolouge! They turned the sound up too loud! Try to find the edition without the score!
6305627347|5.0|This movie is amazing! It's the funniest movie ever made.The DVD really adds to the movie by enhancing the incredible soundtrack.Trey Parker is a genius!If you love Matt &amp; Trey films, you &quot;have to see this  movie,dude&quot;.
B000003N89|5.0|All For You is one of five Diana Krall CD's in my collection, I must admit that I enjoy the other four equally as much as this one. My two favorite songs on this disc are &quot;I'm Thru With Love&quot; and &quot;If I Had  You&quot;. I find Diana's voice very soothing and comforting, even when she  is singing an uptempo tune, not many artists can achieve that. This was  exactly the style of artistry I was searching for and when I heard Diana  for the first time I knew right then and there my search was over.
B00000G3PA|5.0|Anyone who says this movie was &quot;cheesy&quot; or wasn't well written obviously is not intelligent enough nor has the emotional capacity to understand or appreciate this movie. I saw this movie at least 6 times in  the theater and will watch it a hundred more now that I have the DVD. This  was an emotional, well-written, well directed and wonderful movie. The  acting was phenomenal and I can not say enough for the soundtrack. I HIGHLY  recommend this movie.
B000002L9J|5.0|As a young person who was barely alive when the smiths were still together, I have to say this album does everything.  Buy this CD!  Pop it in the player--the first few seconds will blow you away.  The Smiths  rock--The Queen is Dead and Bigmouth Strikes Again are testament to that.   And the Smiths are intelligent, witty, and dare I say funny--Morrissey's  lyrics are testament to that.  This album catches all four band members at  their finest, especially guitar king Johnny Marr. <br />But there are slow  songs on this album as well.  &quot;I Know It's Over&quot; is one of their  most famous and beloved of all songs--every time I hear it, it sends  chills.  <br />This album will make you wanna jump, laugh and cry.  Listen.
630542828X|4.0|calling it &quot;The best Thriller of the year&quot; is a little bit exagerated ! It all takes some time but keep watching and you'll see it's a good movie. I have seen the &quot;Good old 12 inch Laserdisc&quot; version  so I can't comment  on the DVD's quality. That of the LD was SUPERB !
0385484518|5.0|I've already read it once, and I'm in the middle of my second run through it.  I absolutely love this book.  I'm having quite a few &quot;Morrie moments&quot; this time.  I'm taking longer to read it, and I'm savoring  each chapter.
B000002UAR|5.0|If you do like music, don't even pay attention on bad reviews about &quot;Revolver&quot;, indeed the greatest piece of music ever put together.<br />Altough it's not the landmark of the Beatles astonishing lyrics  composition, it's the landmark of the revolution they started.<br />There'd be  no 60's withouth Revolver. There'd be no transgression withouth Revolver.  There'd be no intelligent rock withouth Revolver.<br />It starts with  &quot;Taxman&quot;, which, in my opinion, is the greatest Harrisong ever  (along with &quot;Only a Northern Song&quot;). It's a real rock 'n' roll  tune, but with complex chord variations and brilliant lyrics. Then comes  &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;, McCarntey's sincere interpretation of his fans  (&quot;all the lonely people&quot;), probably the best lyrics in the album,  an exact match with the violins and the cellos.<br />&quot;I'm Only  Sleeping&quot; is the Lennon debut in the album, a song that lead lazyness  to the level of poetry. Then comes Harrison again, with his first 'indian'  composition, &quot;Love You Too&quot;, with its explicit, but not vulgar,  lyrics. &quot;Here, There and Everywhere&quot; is the typical McCartney  song, with its cool and charming melody.<br />Next, McCartney gives Ringo the  greatest children song ever, &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;, the preview of  Pepper's &quot;Lucy in the Sky...&quot;. &quot;She Said She Said&quot; is  Lennon again at his best: cynical lyrics in a rough rock music. &quot;Good  Day Sunshine&quot; was probably the megahit of the album, McCartney's  contribution for the 66 summer.<br />&quot;And Your Bird Can Sing&quot; is  Lennon again, with a less-than-two-minutes song that is worth the entire  album. McCartney take a break from the rock sequence with &quot;For No  One&quot;, the most beautiful brokenhearted song ever wrote, and the first  time I ever heard a French Horn.<br />Then there's Lennon first explicit drug  song, &quot;Dr. Robert&quot; (&quot;if you're down he'll pick you  up&quot;), followed by Harrison's third achievement, &quot;I Want to Tell  You&quot;, and &quot;Got to Get You Into My Life&quot;, McCartney's ode to  marijuana.<br />Well, but they saved the best for last (isn't all their albums  like that?), with Lennon's one-chorded anthem, &quot;Tomorrow Never  Knows&quot;, a crazy opus abouth a bad trip leading to death.<br />Everything  is perfect in &quot;Revolver&quot;. Lennon and Harrison were better than  ever, and McCartney didn't let it down, not to mention that Ringo was  surprisingly creative, all of them orchestrated by the genius of George  Martin.<br />This should be the #1 record on every rock fan's collection, and  praised throughout the time.
6303073107|5.0|This film is an excellent commentary on eyewitness testimony. I have often wished I could show it in a closing argument to a jury.
6302101743|4.0|Resurrecting an aborted project that Willis ( KING KONG ) O'Brien wanted to make himself, Ray Harryhausen followed-up his successful Hammer film ONE MILLION YEARS B.C. with this movie, working once again with longtime  partner Charles H. Schneer. Filmed in Spain, this 1969 offering has  stunning stop-motion animated dinosaurs.<br />    Set around the turn of the  century in Mexico, it is a very Kong-like tale of a mighty creature ( the  titular Allosaurus with T-Rex attributes ) that is captured in  &quot;Forbidden Valley&quot; and brought back to a local Wild West show /  circus to make money. The monster flees its bonds and proceeds into a  magnificent cathedral, which becomes consumed in a raging inferno and  brings about its demise.<br />    Harryhausen, who worked a full year on the  special effects, effectively populates a valley that is lost in time with a  number of prehistoric animals, which include an equine Eohippus, a  &quot;plucked ostrich&quot; called an Ornithomimus and a horned  Styracosaurus who fights Gwangi to the death in a memorable sequence. The  highlight is a well-staged roping sequence which consumed many months of  Ray's time to realize; he had to carefully align the animated ropes on the  Gwangi model with real ropes used in live action to snare a Jeep with a  pole affixed.<br />   Other key points include the escape of Gwangi from its  cage ( a split-screen process was used in the making of this effect ) and  battle with an eleplant model, and its fiery finale in the great edifice (  utilizing the optical printer to superimpose flames around the allosaur's  feet ). Ray Harryhausen outdid himself for this feature which includes  literally hundreds of animation set-ups to concoct the visual effects.<br />     Unfortunately, the live-action sequences do not show as much panache.  James Franciscus and Gila Golan do not create any sparks as the movie's  leading couple. Curtis Arden is okay as Lope but no more, and Richard  Carlson looks haggard as the impresario of the circus troupe. The only  bright spot is the amiable performance of Laurence Naismith as the slightly  eccentric Professor Bromley who recognizes the miniature horse for what it  is.<br />    Even though it was a commercial failure in 1969 due to a number  of unfortunate circumstances that took place ( lack of advertising, its  pairing with an R-rated movie and changes in cultural tastes ), THE VALLEY  OF GWANGI is a spectacular adventure teeming with fantastic creatures and  exotic settings that should not be overlooked. The superficial storyline  and other shortcomings pale when Ray works his legendary magic. A highly  recommended picture that is only unsuitable for the the very youngest of  children ( under 5 yrs. of age ).
068484267X|5.0|Mr. Mccourt was my English teacher in Stuyvesant High School, back in '82 or '83.  I remember him talking about making a movie about this material, but he was told it wasn't &quot;Hollywood&quot; enough.  I wonder if he  Hollywooded it up.
B000005RS9|5.0|At first, I must state that I'm a huge fan of Pink Floyd throughout the years, from &quot;Arnold Layne&quot; to &quot;The Division Bell&quot;, without any exception. But I must also say that the Barrett years were the best.<br />Roger Waters and David Gilmour are brilliant composers and musicians, but Syd is a genius (he's not dead yet). In the other Floyd albums you always knew what to expect, but &quot;Piper...&quot; is umpredictable.<br />The whole album is unexplainable too. Even though you have some ideas of what some songs are about, like the I-Ching's references on &quot;Chapter 24&quot;, you don't know why they're there. What the hell is &quot;Lucifer Sam&quot; and &quot;The Gnome&quot; all about? And what does &quot;Pow R. Toc H.&quot; means, anyway?<br />But this is the genious touch: you don't have to understand it to love it, because Barrett songs were not ment to be understood. A record that has &quot;Interstellar Overdrive&quot; in the middle of it was made to be appreciated, not explained. We should worship &quot;Astronomy Domine&quot; instead of deconstruct it.<br />And what about &quot;Matilda Mother&quot;? You can cry at every listening, no matter how long you knew it. Or &quot;Flaming&quot;, a song that could have been wrote by and angel? On the other hand, how not to laugh with &quot;Scarecrow&quot; or &quot;Bike&quot;?<br />However, there's Waters' &quot;Take Up Thy...&quot;. I couldn't understand that either. The difference is that I don't like it. To be honest, it's one of the only 3 or 4 Waters' songs that I don't enjoy. But that doesn't matter, because this is the Barrett album, and every early Floyd fan knows that.<br />Just a final note: if you're buying it, get the limited mono edition. I don't know what they did with the stereo version, but it's not the same. The mono is just like the vinyl, with high quality.
B00002Z88D|5.0|The S &amp; M CD, and video are certainly required Metalica paraphanalia. I have always figured that an orchestra would discover the potential in Metalicas music.I didnt think it would happen before 2020, and I certainly  had no idea that they would perform with the orchestra. Some Metalica  Disciples may not like it.... You had better get used to it because I have  a sneaky suspicion that HENCEFORTH Metalica will take another 30 musicians  on tour with them. 20 Strings, and 10 horns a moderate sized orchestra.<br />I  watched the video. It is a par excellent performance. Everyone delivered  the goods. Metalica was very pleased, they enjoyed the experience. The look  on their faces are unmistakable, they felt better than they have in a long  time. When someone feels that good about themself, and what they are doing,  it shines through. Metalica would be insane if they did not follow through  with this, and keep the flame alive.<br />I am all for a new era of Metalica.  The Metalica Orchestra. 35 peices of all out sonic fury. It would also be  pretty cool for Metalica to take on a few Classical peices.<br />The other  thing we are going to see in the future is string quartets playing  &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot; at weddings for the unity candle. They  might as well release sheet music ASAP. <br />Any integrity Metalica lost when  &quot;Sandman&quot; hit the top 40 charts has been restored.
B000002J20|4.0|I have been listening to Yes since their inception and have owned this piece of music since 1973, when it first hit the streets on vinyl.  In my humble opinion, this album was the turning point in the direction Yes would  later take.  Jon Anderson strongly professes not to be prophetic or a seer.   It does not matter. His heart controls his work. Whatever drives him to  create works such as this is not simply the mind of man.  It is something  more.  Tales of Topographic Oceans was created long ago in a heart strewn  with bitterness, love and an imagination endless, for it is in this work  that that man culminates his losses into something beyond human word or  thought.  Within the notes and the chords of this work lie the subtle  beginnings of no time.      What I have spoken only indicates the music's  affect on me, not the men who created the work.  They have created for  their own reasons.  If you are looking for something entirely different--a  distended piece of time, then I suggest burying yourself in this work.  It  is not a piece to listen to in a room full of people.  Listen to it alone  and absorb the moment that Japan opened up in the minds of the people who  dreamed this music into existence.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana is, without a doubt, a musical genius. This CD is a must for anyone who appreciates the best of modern day music. &quot;Supernatural&quot; is a musical classic.
B00003A9QL|5.0|I've been a Metallica fan since they brought out their Re-Load album.Now this album &quot;S&amp;M&quot;is the third Metallica album I have.Some songs just don't go good with the classicle backing.Like Fuel or Bleeding  Me.Then there are some songs that sound pretty darn good with the classicle  backing.Like Nothing Else Matters or One,And the new songs on here are  great.Human and the other one is No Leaf Clover.My only regreat about this  CD is(Some of you might laugh at me for this)Low Mans Lyric is not on  it.Thats my faverit Metallica song.I say buy this CD
B000002KIE|1.0|P.T. Barnum knew it, and so did Malcolm McLaren.  He made suckers out of a lot of us, including so-called rock critics.   Barnum also said that no one ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public. McLaren  proved that it's still true.
0812550757|4.0|I hate it when authors &quot;discover&quot; a new religion or culture or something and practicly BASE the ENTIRE book on that. This book is all portrogese, and I have nothing against them, but it really depresses me to  see something like that happen to a great author like Card.
B00002EPMF|4.0|This is a very good album from Chuck, but the only thing that keeps it from being an excellent album is the fact that it sounds extremely reminiscent of Nevermore. Someone told me that Chuck originally wanted  Warrel Dane to sing, but he was busy, and after listening to this album I  believe it. Tim Aymar is a very good singer, but he hits several trademark  Warrel vocals. All in all this is still a very strong and enjoyable album,  and if you do like it I highly suggest to get Nevermore's &quot;The  Politics of Ectaicy&quot;
6300273199|5.0|This is a great concert which AC/DC did.  It has a great lineup of songs and great enthusiasm by the band members, especially Angus.  The only thing i didn't like was that they cut &quot;TNT&quot; and &quot;Walk all over  you.&quot;  No matter what they cut though it is still a great video and  concert.  I suggest that anybody who likes to watch a great concert go out  and buy this amazing video.
B000009ED0|5.0|I was skeptical to listen to Kid Rock when I heard is overly played &quot;Bawitdaba&quot; on the radio, but once I gave the whole CD a listen, I was blown away.  His vocals and rap style are better than any that are  out right now--you can't compare him to Slim Shady or Korn or Rage Against  the Machine because Kid actually has skill and grace on a microphone and in  the prod room.  His sound is a powerful mixture of many popular music  styles out today, but he makes it unique and keeps the party going.  It's a  freakin' great album for driving, drinking, or doing things that Amazon  would edit me for discussing.  You can't do without this one.
B000031XCR|5.0|First off, I am appalled that someone would be so shallow as to try and stack the deck - abuse this outlet of reviewing a CD.  It is obvious to me that all the reviews using the same -dun- and- i- are from the same person.   You have to be a little bit smarter than you are to fool the world.   By  chance was this person, who tried to overload this review system, in  Seattle during the WTO?  Chicago, Moscow, etc.  give me a  break........<br />I run hot and cold when it comes to Celine, but I  absolutely love this CD.  She was able to reach a vast audience.    If  anyone is not sure of this CD, listen to the samples.  It is a very  emotional CD.    Please check it out for your self.  Don't put too much  stock in the reviews, even mine for that matter.  Enjoy
6300181553|5.0|Holiday Inn is one of the best ever all time classic christmas shows I've ever seen. I look forward to seeing it again year after year. I think they should make more shows like this.
B000002U82|5.0|I am in continual awe of this music. Dark Side is the closest thing to perfection since the first musical note was played and lyric sung thousands of years ago. David Gilmour and Roger Waters are geniuses, first in  conceiving the work, and then in being able to carry it out flawlessly.  Most people can't comprehend how hard it is just to do one or the other.  Most bands never come close to either, and some, like Rush and the Beatles,  find glimpses. But Pink Floyd with Dark Side found the ultimate aural  ecstasy.<br />Pink Floyd's string of breathtaking albums from 1973 to 1979 is  unrivaled. There you will find four of the ten best albums of all-time  (including Wish You Were Here, Animals, and The Wall), with the #1 being  Dark Side of the Moon. For a brief moment in time, they touched  eternity.<br />The fact that humans were able to produce material this  incredible is a tribute to the whole human race. I am completely  flabbergasted how Gilmour and Waters ever came up with this material. <br />If  I were a musician and had produced material this amazing, this one  accomplishment would make my life complete. Elvis, Lennon and Dylan may be  legends, but only Gilmour can say he created a masterpiece.<br />To those of  you who have already made the same discovery as I, we are so much the  richer. To those who wish to try to categorize this music and complain that  it isn't rock, rave on. There is no way to categorize it, because it  transcends music.<br />I feel sorry for those who don't appreciate Dark Side's  intricasies, because everyone ought to experience such exhilaration. It's a  unique experience which can be found in no other area of life. If you allow  it to, this album will change your life, and you'll never be the same.
B0000025BL|5.0|Everytime I listen to Bat out of Hell I feel like I'm 16 again, when emotions were so strong and powerful &amp; anything was possible. This album never fails to put me in a good mood &amp; leaves me wanting more.
B00000K2SC|5.0|THE MATRIX is a violent movie and should not be shown to young children. There is one kissing scene, and even I loved it. (I don't usually like action movies). My brother (who adores thrillers/action) has seen it over 6  times!  It really is great. Anyone from 12 to adult can and should watch  it!
0060922583|5.0|I have read this book over and over and though one may disagree with some of the conclusions reached by Michael Talbot, it is my opinion that he raised some crucial questions which science should look into and  investigate. It is easy to relegate some of these areas to the  &quot;occult&quot; mainly when one has not had some experiences which  science cannot explain. Many years ago, I had 2 dreams at 4 months interval  and in each of these dreams I had lost a sister. The day following each  dream I received message from home that the sister I dreamt about had  indeed died. I had no prior news that anyone of them was sick.  At that  time I was attending university about 2000 kms away from home. So how can  we explain this by science?  Michael Talbot views are very challenging and  I think that science should now investigate them dispassionately and sift  the shaft from the substance instead of throwing away everything off hand.
0800196341|5.0|It's not unsual for directors to make Shakespeare plays into films these days, but every once in awhile you get a director who puts so much more into the film, and really creates a masterpiece.  This was the case with  Kenneth Branagh's Hamlet.  There is no other Shakespeare film like it, not  even Olivier's works can compare.  This is top of the line Shakespeare, and  what's even better about it is that Branagh did not cut anything from the  original text.  The film is slightly over 4 hours, but you would assume it  only lasted about an hour and a half.  The film has so much going on, and  it keeps your attention.  Branagh's portrayal as the melancholy Danish  prince surpasses all.  I highly recommend this film for Shakespeare fans,  and even for those who aren't.  You will not find a better version!
B00001U03Q|5.0|From hard-slamming guitar God, to synthesizer-backed 80s rocker, to mourning father, to acoustic bluesman, Clapton has done it all. This compliation gathers up many of his hits from the 80s and 90s. I feel the  best tracks on here are &quot;Bad Love&quot; (with its wistful synthesizer  opening) and &quot;Forever Man&quot; (A song that takes you  out-of-this-world for 3 glorious minutes). If you want more 80s Clapton, I  recommend &quot;August&quot;! Many people think it is his worst album, but  (Perhaps because I'm 16 years old and turning 17 soon), I love it! In fact,  songs from that album have inspired me to write a movie! When it gets to  the screen, you're all going to love it! Of course, I have to type it up in  a professional format, and get an agent, but I'm expecting big things from  it!
B000002H33|5.0|Metallica's third full length release, Master of Puppets, is possibly their finest work.  The lyrics are smart, the fast sections(and I mean fast) are impossibly tight, and the slow sections are melodic and chilling.   James Hetfield's vocals aren't exactly pretty, but his intensity matches  the music perfectly.  Drummer Lars Ulrich manages to hold things together  through myriad tempo changes and time signatures(not an easy task) but  bassist Cliff Burton seems to get lost in the mix at times.  Not to knock  Cliff.  Listen close in &quot;Sanitarium&quot; and &quot;Orion&quot; and  you'll hear some of the best rock and roll bass ever recorded.  Lead  guitarist Kirk Hammett is a chameleon, blending in as the situation calls;  he is at times frenzied, at others morose.  James Hetfield's rhythm guitar  work is so fast and precise one wonders how in the world he manages to sing  while playing.  The production is a little rough but even that seems to  fit.  All in all, it's scary how good this album is.  Listen and see why in  1986 all of the heavy metal haters were scratching their heads and saying,  &quot;wow, these guys can really play.&quot;
0385484518|4.0|This book is trite. Make no mistake. Love is all you need. Don't move so fast you fail to see the world around you. Forgive. Reduce life to its bare essentials and mostly you'll get it right.<br />It is wonderful when someone  can articulate such wisdom in a way that we can carry it around with us and  it is inspiring when someone can live that wisdom in the face of suffering.  Albom and Morrie both succeed.<br />I've read the book three times -- and am  sure I'll study it again.
0880389052|5.0|R.A. Salvatore's Homeland begins the story of outcast Drizzt Do'Urden, a dark elf born to evil who literally fights his way to enlightenment and redemption.  Set in the underground world of the Drow, the tone of this  book is dark and menacing.  The Drow society is horrible; the noble houses  scheme against and murder eachother to the pleasure of their spider  goddess.  There is no shortage of hateful characters.  Drizzt's only refuge  is training weapons with his instructor, Zaknafein, with whom he shares a  closer relationship.  The setting is detailed and imaginative, the  political intrigue is fascinating, the plot keeps one turning pages, but in  truth this book would fly on the strength of Drizzt's character alone.   You'll read the all of the following books
B00000099Y|5.0|As a fan of metal music I am faced with a challenge. It seems all metal bands of the 90's offer half the package. If you want blistering guitars you have to put up with really obnoxious off-key singing/screaming. If you  want good singing you have to deal with really korny (forgive the pun)  music that tries too hard to be different (i.e Godsmack, System of a Down,  etc.) No band has the two put together. The gentlman who thought he  listened to the wrong cd was probably seeking the blistering guitars  reminiscent of Metallica's the four horsemen or any song off Slayer's RIB  cd. While Tool doesn't have great solos, it does provide good singing and  lyrics with a metal sound that leaves all the electronic beeping,  scratching, and all the other BS used nowadays out. Tool is the best metal  band out there today. If you really want to apreciate this album listen to  it after listening to load or reload. I eagerly await their next work.  Unless of course the decide to rerelease opiate backed by a symphony.
6300214540|5.0|All i have to say is Top Gun is a classic. i grew up watching this movie. i think it is tom's best movie. he's definalty the hottest in this one. the music is great and there are great supporting actors and actresses in this  movie....meg ryan, val killmore..gotta love em!
B000002H3E|5.0|This is probably my favorite Dokken album(it's close between this and Tooth and Nail). The tone is upbeat/positive and the guitar playing is very tasteful--not too fast,not too slow. Lynch shows here that style is more  important than speed.
B00000K27Y|5.0|This CD happens to be one of the best in my collection right now.  I am always in pursuit of music with a beat, while adding a bit of originality and musical talent.  This CD covers all three and unfortunatley has  remained to recieve an ounce of respect in the States.  For all of those  people out there that love to have music to sit and Chill Out to, while you  are tapping your finger, or foot along at the same time, GET THIS DISC! You  won't be dissapointed. . .
B000000IVW|5.0|My sack does a whole lotta shakin' to the tunes
B000002MY3|5.0|Hello, I would just love to say how much I enjoy this album. When I was in 4th grade I bought it. It was the first album that got me to enjoy the music I do today, and I still listen to it every chance I get. It brought  me to a new level in music. I think everyone should listen to this album,  considering its over 30x platinum! Great album! Great Lyrics! Great all  over!
B0000047CX|5.0|How did I find this gem?  I was looking at Sade, whom I think are pretty good themselves.  But there was something about their sound (and this may betray my ignorance of music...) that I couldn't put a finger on.  Here on  Amazon, they indicate what other music is bought by those who buy certain  discs.  Sade buyers buy Getz/Gilberto.  I checked into it and bought  it.<br />The first time I listened to Getz/Gilberto I almost burst into tears  (I'm as sensitive as the next, but this was something else...), struck by  it's beauty and power.  I was captivated, enthralled...  I listened to it  three times back to back to back.  Though I don't understand Portugese,  it's not necessary in order to understand what is being conveyed.  This is  what musicians strive to accomplish, too often without success.  <br />This  album was recorded over 35 years ago.  Compare it to the bland, slick,  superficial, and generally passionless music so often presented today.   Getz/Gilberto reminds us that honest emotion, delivered with technical  competence is truly a work of art.  <br />I wish (and hope...) that there are  young musicians somewhere out there who are listening to, and learning  from, this and other recordings like it.  Perhaps they'll return quality  and yes, artistry to popular music.
B00002MZ12|5.0|This is completely different from any recording that Alanis has ever released, and it is amazing. The Canadian bares her soul on this effort and the outcome is something very special. The cover of The Police's &quot;King  of Pain&quot; is very good, maybe even better than the original. The  Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie B-Side &quot;Princes Familiar&quot;  shows that even Morissette's B-Sides have that edge to them that only she  can create. The Jagged Little Pill tour favorite &quot;No Pressure Over  Cappucino&quot; adds some much appreciated lyrical depth. The song was used  to close many shows on the first tour, and it was brought back out for this  &quot;special occasion&quot;. The acoustic versions of &quot;Head Over  Feet&quot; and &quot;Ironic&quot; are much better than their recorded album  counterparts. The only dissappointing effort on the album comes from  Morissette's version of &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; it is an exact repeat  performance of her effort at the Grammys a few years ago. It lacks the kick  to put the lyrics into effect. All in all however, the unplugged album  shows how far Morissette has come since she debuted in 1995.
B000031XCR|4.0|Anyone who thinks Celine cannot sing needs to go out and buy Brittney Spears' latest album.  This cd is one of the best I have bought in years.  Not only does it include all of her greatest hits, her rendition of Roberta  Flack's &quot;The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face&quot; is great! This one  is truly for the fans, something to remember her by.
B00000DBXL|5.0|Let me say this: I love this album. I LOVE it. Cake have this &quot;Background music to 'Scooby Doo'&quot; sound to them. And the lyrics - let me tell you. I can't imagine the premise behind &quot;Sheep go to  Heaven, Goats go to Hell&quot;, but that's another story. If you're reading  this and thinking about buying this album, BUY IT. You won't be  disappointed. It's great. Really it is. Really. I'm serious. It's really  good. Really.
0767817664|5.0|This is by far the best vampire movie I've ever seen with the best cast ever assembled for a li'l horror movie that's for sure!  I've read the reviews below about how great Sarandon and McDowall were, and believe me  they were, but the best was William Ragsdale.  As teenager Charlie  Brewster, he conveyed a realistic teenager who has no idea what to do about  his 'different' neighbors.  He took this from a scared, curious boy at the  beginning of the flick, to the headstrong man that helped rid his town of  demons.  Give the guy some credit, he held his own against McDowall and  Sarandon.  So buy this if you can afford it, it's a classic and it has held  up over time.  Welcome to Fright Night-
B00000DBXL|5.0|First and foremost, I love this album. I LOVE it. Cake sort of has this &quot;background music to 'Scooby Doo'&quot; sound to them. Impressive lyrics too. &quot;Sheep go to Heaven, Goats go to Hell&quot;. I'll be  completely honest here. I'm a songwriter/musician and I can't even imagine  the premise behind that line... it drive me crazy. The best I've ever  thought of was, well nevermind I'm off topic.<br />This is a wonderful album.  Everyone I know loves it (and I know a lot of people, let me tell you). I  think everyone should be issued this album by the Canadian government as  required listening for high school graduation. I can't think of anything  else to say.
0767817443|4.0|The biggest problem with Tri-Star's Godzilla is the hopelessly inappropriate title.  As any one who has seen any of the Japanese films will tell you, this is NOT Godzilla.  It's more of a hydrid between a T-Rex  and a velociraptor, and the special effects are far closer to Jurassic Park  than any of the earlier Godzilla films.<br />That said, this is still an  entertaining romp through sci-fi land.  The story is played very  tongue-in-cheek, giving it a delightly comic turn.  Mathew Broderick plays  the role of Nikko Tatapoulos with just the right amount of understated  disbelief, and Jean Reno is magnificent as a French Insurance  Examiner/Secret Service Agent.<br />The movie is a wildly entertaining chase  through the high-rises, streets and subways of New York City, with the  military doing far more damage to the Big Apple than this poor confused  megalizard ever dreamed of.<br />In many ways, Tri-Stars Godzilla bears a  closer resemblance to the old western serials than to science fiction.  The  fun and charm of the movie is in the seemingly endless chase, and the  ending sets it up beautifully for the inevitable sequel.<br />So, to all of  you Godzilla purists, and I am one of you, let's relax and head back to the  Land of the Rising Sun.  This isn't Godzilla by a long shot, but it's one  heck of a fun movie.  Take it for what it is and enjoy!
068484267X|5.0|How could anyone not fall in love with this book? I have never read a book that had me laughing out loud and crying tears in the same sitting. Surely, the most effective (and clever) use of the run-on sentence in literary  history!
0812550757|5.0|Ok, if you like science fiction, fantasy books, then you have to read Speaker for the Dead.  If anything, it is much better than the prequel Ender's Game.  In Ender's Game, there was essentially one plot line.  In  Speaker for the Dead, there was one main plot line with several adjoining  ones, making this book far more complex and interesting than the one  before.  Unfortunately I just finished the book today and so have not had  the chance to read the next book Xenocide.  The  character's...characteristics were so detailed, so in depth, that it was as  if you were there when Pipo went to the piggies for the last time, you were  there for the speaking of Marcao, you experienced the same feelings and  emotions of Jane as she was shut off from her only link to humanity, and so  on.  If you are ready for the depth and incredible reading experience, then  you have to read this book!
B000002B5L|5.0|I have been a huge fan of the Fugees, I love Loren's voice, Wyclef rocks, and Pras is awesome. I have all the other CD's they have made, and of all of them, the best is this one. This is the one with the best hits, the most  influencial songs they wrote as well as a great song from Bob Marley. If  you ever become a fan, please, get this CD. I definately give this two  thumbs up.
0767020308|5.0|One hour and forty six minutes is not nearly enough time for this video to convey the nuances of the Jane Austen book.  Too bad A&amp;E et. al. didn't have the courage to develop it further, as they did previously with Pride  and Prejudice.<br />That aside, however, everything contained within the 106  minutes of this video is superbly presented and wonderfully true to the  book.  Superior to the Gwyteth Paltrow version, in my humble opinion, which  came out the same year.  This film rightly understands that the book is not  simply about a self-deluded matchmaker, but about a spoiled yet good  hearted rich girl growing into responsibility and womanhood.<br />I loved  every page of the book, and aside from its brevity, this movie did not  disappoint as an adaptation.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I agree Sarah is the Angel of Music the Eden cd is defenitely one of her best Eden and Dust in the wind are some really great songs along with Deliver Me and Only an Ocean Away!  I'm listening to the cd right now for  the millionth time!  I really recomend this cd! 1
006019250X|3.0|I've just reached p. 155 of the Illustrated Alchemist.  It's a beautiful book:  beautiful story, beautiful pictures, beautiful paper.  Lots of space between the lines.  But Mr. Coelho, c'mon, enough already.  You know better  than that.  There's more of the world's truth in Little Red Riding Hood and  the Wolf, than in the Alchemist and the Shepherd.  But, hey, it's 2 a.m.  and I'm only on p. 155.  Let's see how it ends.
0590353403|5.0|I'm a 21 year old female who has read a lot in her life. I read countless books when I was child and still contiune to read all the time. I happen to be on a trip home and went to the bookstore to find something new to read and had heard all about theses books and decided what the heck why not pick  it up and give it a read. I got to my hotel and put it on my bed and  decieded to start to read it before bed. Let me say I couldn't go to sleep  I stayed up for 4 hours reading it and was just left in amazment with this  book. Needless to say I read it all the way home. I got home and immeditaly  went to get the other two books. I started the second book two nights ago  and finished it tonight and will most likly start the third on tommorrow  and hopefully will love it as much as I loved the others. Harry Potter  books are a wonderful way for me to escape the real world problems in my  life and slip into a world of fantasy and fun.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This album really surprised me: I thought it would make Metallica sound soft, but the truth is (as many people have said) it adds a lot of power to their songs.  It improved songs which I didn't really enjoy before (Of Wolf  and Man, The Outlaw Torn), the two new songs are fairly good (even though  they are the type that comes from Black Album/Load), and the new versions  of classics like For Whom the Bell Tolls, One, and Nothing Else Matters  give me the chills when I listen to them.  Although songs like Sad but True  and Fuel don't really fit in on this album (I personally would have put  Fade to Black and God that Failed in there), it is still worth buying no  matter what era of Metallica you like.
630522577X|2.0|This DVD is a poor substitute for the magnificent Laser or even VHS restored versions. The DVD is NOT THX and it SHOWS. The carefully restored opening titles are fuzzy with Frequent color correction going on during the  floral sequence. The Sound is even Worse, with people muffled and tinny.  Keep your laser. Don't do what I did!- Assume the DVD would be an  improvement! Warner's never returned my call!
B00000JKH2|3.0|Another year, another At The Drive-In record. I think this was going to be released as three seperate 7-inchers, and thus, it lacks unity. The quality of the songs, however are consistent, and while there may be nothing as  jaw-dropping as in/casino/out's &quot;Napolean Solo&quot; or &quot;Alpha  Centauri,&quot; there are still quite a few quite good songs, most of which  run along at a punk rock-friendly tempo, while the opener, whose name is  impossible to spell without looking at the sleeve, conitnues the great ATDI  tradion of slow, sensitive 6/8 songs. Still, there was a bit too much  messing around in the studio. I would have liked fewer effects, and a more,  for lack of a better term, &quot;live&quot; sound. I'd be curious as how  some of these songs translate at their shows.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|First of all, i would just like to say that people don't respect Americana. Just because its offspring, and this album isn't like ixnay or smash, that's a reason to bash it? No. I like this Cd for what it is. Most  of the songs are really good. I really think that i got my money's worth on  this one. I especially liked No Brakes, Americana, Have You Ever, Staring  at the Sun, and Walla Walla- they're all so funny and the Offpsring have a  style on this CD that is consistent throughout. This CD hits a bullseye in  my book, and even when i do get around to listening to smash or ixnay, i  will still respect this CD for what it is, not what it isn't.
0679746048|4.0|When I first read this book, a few years back, I was amazed at how engrossing Susanna Kaysen's story was. Unable to put it down, I read it everywhere I went; in bed, at the park, while eating and even at work.  Never have I read a novel, and a memoir at that, where I have truly felt I  was part of the action and yet an onlooker like everyone else in the  institution. I've recommended this book to everyone I know and have even  boughten it as X-mas presents for a few. This is a novel that should be  read by anyone who has been through a situation where they felt they don't  belong or they weren't 'good enough'. And I think that's pretty much most  of us...
006092988X|5.0|My mother recommended this book to me.  As soon as I started it, I couldn't put it down!  It is a great story about a girl who grows up in Brooklyn.  Through many hardships, she finds courage, character, and love.   It is a warm and comforting book.  I recommend it!
B0000203Y5|5.0|I saw this film three times in the theater. Now I just ordered it from Amazon. I love this film. I give Ry Cooder credit for finding these people. Wim Wenders did a superb job of filming. The players and the music engaged  my total interest from start to finish. Unlike some others, I thought Ry  stayed pretty much out of the way, and when he was heard, his guitar fitted  right in. I feel that it was right for him to play, since he was the one to  get this thing going. I own the CD and play it a lot. I also own the CDs  made by several of the players, such as Ibrahim Ferrer. My wife and I plan  to have people over to watch this video. Many of our friends are  professional musicians, and I know they'll love it.
B0000041DF|3.0|While Argerich's performance is quite good, I don't think it is the same league as Horowitz's 1978 performance with Ormandy and the New York Philharmonic [RCA Victor 09026-61564-2].  As silly as this may sound,  Argerich is not as delicate as Horowitz.  She practically pounds out the  intermezzo in the Rachmaninov, and a lot of beauty of Rachmaninov's writing  is lost in the process.<br />Rachmaninov actually heard Horowitz perform the  Concerto Number 3.  Rachmaninov was astounded, commenting that &quot;he  swallowed it hole.&quot;  I couldn't agree more.  <br />Argerich's performance  is appropriate for people looking for a second version to add to their  collection.  If you only have one CD to buy, though, skip the Argerich and  buy the Horowitz instead.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|Rage's new CD, The Battle of Los Angeles is overall a pretty good CD. THe only problem is that is you listen to the whole cd, all of the songs sound the same. Still, I strongly reccomend it to all fans of the rock genre.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I was amazed when I first heard this album, because I was expecting something more akin to &quot;Jagged Little Pill.&quot; At first, I didn't really like it -- but, like JLP, this album has grown on me substantially.  I've come to appreciate the fact that Alanis Morissette has decided to go  down a different path with her sophomore, rather than just recycling her  debut. It shows that she's serious about her art, and I appreciate that to  no end. The songs here are quite varied: they range from being repetetive  to extremely flowing, from being soft/slow to hard. &quot;Joining You&quot;  is a great song, as is &quot;Baba&quot; and &quot;Thank U.&quot; I find  myself identifying with them a great deal, particularly &quot;Baba.&quot;  Of course, with going down such a different route with her music,  Morissette should probably expect to disappoint some people; but I like the  album almost just _because_ it's different. I love the fact that she says  she made the album for herself, not for the critics. I think that's a great  attitude to have. Of course, it's also the instruments, her voice, and the  lyrics (which are different than most other musicians' as well, and again I  appreciate that). Great job, Alanis! Take care. :)
6305627401|4.0|I missed this when it was on the pictures over here in the U.K., so I thought that I'd try the DVD. What a laugh. I've been watching the series from episode one. To be honest, I thought that it was starting to get a bit  boring. <br />This film re-instated my enthusiasm for the whole  South Park  thing. If you like or have ever have liked the series, then I guarantee  that you will love this film.<br />If you can find humour in foul language,  sex, death, pornography and politically incorrect satire, then this fella's  for you.<br />If you don't like South Park or you're easily offended by...  Foul language, sex, death, pornography and politically incorrect satire  then you would be wise to give it a wide berth.<br />It's easy. If you like  South Park or that kind of humour then you'll absolutely love this  film.<br />If you don't like this kind of stuff, then don't bother, because it  will offend you, with ease.
6305165912|5.0|If I was stranded on a desert island with an AC power outlet, a vcr and one movie - well this is it.  Irrespective of all of the long winded pseudo technical &quot;oh this nailed the early 90's right on the head&quot;  flashback praise that you may find from viewers here at Amazon, the bottom  line is this:   If you are a &quot;dude&quot; than you will succumb to this  flick and enjoy it more than any other &quot;dude&quot; film ever produced  - period.  Are you a dude?   Yes? ... than get this movie dammit!
0395492815|5.0|im 14 years old up until a few years ago my brother and i woild listen to this tape and read this book over and over and over again on christmas eve
B000002UJQ|5.0|What more can I say? I believe this piece of music deserves to be right up there amongst the greats. It is beautiful and haunting. Put it in the millenium dome!
B000002GK1|5.0|In my opinion, Badmotorfinger constitutes the first intention of making heavy rock of quality in the 90`s. During a lot of years I hoped to listen something as this album, and it is not because I remembered my cold winters  of principles of the 70`s listening Black Sabbath or Led Zeppelin, but  because this album simply opened up for me new sensations that were  abruptly off by the middle of the 70`s . My brain slept during almost  fifteen years, until Rusty Cage, Outshined, Mind Riot, and other successes  of this album wakened it up. Thank you Soundgarden for that you also gave  us another jewel: Superunkown.
0312853238|5.0|Readers,     Enders game is the best book ive ever read. I usually dont read books, infact if I do read one I never finish it.    This book I could'nt stop reading!    It has so much thrill and spunk that its hard to  put down! In other words, its a &quot;turn the pg. thriller&quot;.    If  you have a friend or son/daughter who hates reading givem this as a gift!  They'd love it!
B00000INEX|4.0|I'm surprized by the empassioned negativity about this video.  We have found it on par with Baby Mozart and Baby Einstein.  Our daughter has delighted in watching these videos since she was 2 months old.  Now that  she is 9 months old she especially enjoys the cameos of the little girls in  Baby Bach.  These are all well done, stimulating, informative for various  ages (on different levels) and entertaining in our book.
B000031XCR|5.0|This Cd is one of THE BEST cd's there are. It's absolutely wonderful. I recommend this CD very very highly. And people that say it sucks and she can't sing dont' know what they are talking about. Those people probably  listen to the type of music where you can't understand the lyrics the the  singer is just YElling them. Celine Dion has made a huge impact on the  world, and selling over 100,000,000 albums worldwide. Sorry, but Celine  Rules, and &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot;
B00000IJPU|2.0|For a greatest hits album, it is missing many of their greatest hits.  Infinite Dreams, Flash of The Blades, Wasting Love, and Flight of Icarus to name a few.  They again if maiden did put out a album with all their good  songs it would probably be about 4 CDs in length.  Don't buy this CD,  instead buy all their actual albums, you will enjoy them more.
6305388458|5.0|I have seen this movie several (and I mean SEVERAL) times, and each time I pick up something new.  However, the DVD is SO CRISP and CLEAR, that all the things that seem mumbled to me on the video, were perfectly  understandable.  You MUST buy this DVD!
1577311523|5.0|Eckart Tolle surpasses almost every spiritual guide I've read up to now. His simplicity, clarity and sincerity transform this book in nothing less than what its subtitle claims: A guide to spiritual enlightenment. If  you're interested in the subject, don't miss it !
0790729989|4.0|Excellent!  The end is very unexpected, and extremely well crafted.  The acting is a bit wooden in places, but generally helps add to the mood.  I don't know about flipping the disc - that must've been a REgion 1 version  feature -the region 4 disc doesn't require flipping.
B000001G1E|5.0|By any measure of greatness, James Brown's musical legacy towers above all others', with the possible exceptions of Elvis, the Beatles, the Stones, &amp; Bob Dylan.  You've heard bits &amp; pieces of this material sampled to death by rap artists.  Now go directly to the source of their  inspiration:  The Godfather of Soul.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|I was rather young when this movie was first released, and it gave me nightmares!  Now, I find it a great comedy with some spooky moments.  The extra features on the DVD are fairly interesting, and rather well put  together.
B00000K31V|3.0|I had high expectation about eXistenZ based on some critical reviews.  The movie is simply average.  The bizarre start of the movie already undermines any pretention of reality.  The weird gun idea is a stale device from  countless alternate-universe sci-fi stories.  Used in virtual-reality  story, it reinforces the early suspicion that something is not quite right  about reality.  The audience is then shown a bunch of strange virtual  reality jumps that make no sense.  The surprises were telegraphed way  earlier in the movie.  So after a little while, there is little to care  about, leaving us time to marvel the last gunfight scene's cheesiness (a  smaller scale confrontation would likely work better.)  The worst thing  about this movie, however, is the lack of memorable characters.  It's  trouble when the only thing you remember clearly after seeing the movie is  that strange rubbery thing with nipples.  At the very least The Matrix  gives us Trinity to dream about :-).
B00000K2SC|5.0|I have watched this movie for about 5 times alreay and every time I watch it just seems to be better.
6304117272|5.0|I just finished watching the widescreen version on a 56&quot; theaterwide television. Talk about showing off all the flaws in the VHS version. When I noticed that the DVD version will be released on 3/2000, I immediately put  in a pre-order for it. My roommate thinks that the nuke was well below  crash depth and should have detonated or crushed at the very least. I said,  &quot;So, it's still a fantastic movie.&quot; Can't wait for the DVD. I  already have the special edition with the 28 extra minutes but it's more  fun on DVD.
B000020617|5.0|so far, the Foo-Fighters haven't made and album scince the Colour and the shape. They made An equal. The song learn to fly is even better than there Hero and Monkey Wrench.  I think the Foo-Fighters will make a whole new  start to star dome!
078322947X|5.0|This intensely realistic 'amoral' tale of human desperation  says more about the political and  socioeconomics of humanity in the 20th century than any film I can think of. The story, the acting, the incredible music,  and the mesmerizing cinematography 'deserved' a ton of academy award  nominations. But apparently Hollywood just couldn't deal with a film where  there were no good guys, or bad guys, or even a happy ending.  I can name  dozens of movies that have won 'best picture' awards that don't even  approach the excellence of this film! Its a movie that is entertaining in  both its stark realism-- and in its inevitable ironies. And the bridge  scenes were some of the greatest cinematic moments in motion picture  history, IMO.
B000000WJZ|5.0|I'll get straight to the point, this is undoubtedly the best album ever created. I would rank it alongside the likes of Nevermind (Nirvana), Joshua Tree (U2) and Automatic for the people (R.E.M). The album does take a bit  of listening to at first but i have now been enjoying it for the past 5  years and have not got bored of it . Actually it is the only album i have  never got bored of listening to. When i listen to this album i lie on my  bed and let the melodic guitar tones take me to another world. Each song is  perfectly structured and each time i listen to it i find myself hearing new  things because there is so much to all the songs. I love this album i don't  know what i'd do without it.<br />ilikesweeties@yahoo.com
6304602898|5.0|ok, frankly i am sick of some of these reviews here on amazon.com. so, i felt obligated to write a review on one of the best 1980's films out there..&quot;Gremlins&quot;. We all know the stuff, don't get them wet,  don't expose them to light, don't feed them after midnite, and don't let  people write horrible reviews about their acting. &quot;Gremlins&quot; is  oh so cute with a little twist of horror..HMM...DELIGHTFUL..So, i hail you  little Gizmo and all of your little Magwai friends.
B00000J7J4|5.0|When Smooth was first released on the Radio, I really did not like it.  It was so un-Santana like (and I am a long hard avid fan) that I was taken aback.  However, if you can get past what you EXPECT from Santana, then you  will find that he, as usual, gave his all, and this album is no exception.  <br />Santana has a history of bringing world artists together to make music  history. This album, while different than his others, is no exception. Even  the song Smooth has become my favorite song to dance to in the privacy of  my living room! <br />For those that enjoyed the new age lyrics in his last  two albums you won't be dissapointed in this one either.  In addition, the  eroticism of his music shines through here as well.  I highly recommend  this album for any Santana fan.
6300271285|4.0|Little Shop Of Horrors is a fantastic movie. With the musical/lyrical duo Alan Menken &amp; Howard Ashman taking control there's hardly much to worry about!  A fantasic performance by Rick Moranis (much better than Honey I  shrunk the Kids!) he also has a surprisingly good voice! With the highlight  songs being &quot;Feed Me&quot;, &quot;Mean Green Mother&quot; and  &quot;Dentist&quot; the musical version of the classic dark comedy will get  you itching for it to finish so you can watch it all over again!  One of  the funniest parts of the film has to be seeing Steve Martin so young! It's  worth buying just for that! If you know the story I recomend it; if you  don't I still recomend it! So....what are you waiting for!
B00000J7J4|5.0|When Smooth was first released on the Radio, I really did not like it.  It was so un-Santana like (and I am a long hard avid fan) that I was taken aback.  However, if you can get past what you EXPECT from Santana, then you  will find that he, as usual, gave his all, and this album is no exception.  <br />Santana has a history of bringing world artists together to make music  history. This album, while different than his others, is no exception. Even  the song Smooth has become my favorite song to dance to in the privacy of  my living room! <br />For those that enjoyed the new age lyrics in his last  two albums you won't be dissapointed in this one either.  In addition, the  eroticism of his music shines through here as well.  I highly recommend  this album for any Santana fan.
6305428220|4.0|The Faculty, is a typical sci-fi/thriller, where you can normally work out what will happen at the end (if you've seen enough originals! ). As this picture was written by the same author as SCREAM, the style is quite  similar. Elijah Wood plays an excellent role as the school nerd - well,  what else can you say!  As I said, the plot is typical, but, it is an  excellent &quot;typical&quot; plot. I enjoyed this movie. Besides the fact  the Protagonists (goodies! ) have to break the law to try and solve the  mystery is not the best moral to show younger viewers - but most younger  viewers probably won't pay much attention to it anyway! On the whole, a  good flic!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|At first listening i thought htis cd wasnt as good as the previous. but i keep listening and listening and its grown on me. I love this cd. Especially the hot soungs &quot;Affirmation&quot;. &quot;The best  thing&quot; &quot;Chained to you&quot; &quot;Animal song&quot;. &quot;I  knew i loved you&quot;. YOu if you any singles out there of savage garden  youd be missing alot of great songs. ..granted. there are some slow songs  about break up that really werent in the first cd, and alot of people  complain about that. But even the slow songs sounds great. darren hayes  voice makes any song fantastic, along with daniel jones they make another  great cd. If you like the previous cd. youll llike this one. too.
B000002JOH|5.0|Pantera is one of the best death-metal that has ever hit the metal scene. After listening to the cries and screams of Korn's singer John Davis, who sings for this band screams 100x better. The guitars and drums intermix to  create pure metal poetry. Also recommended Metallica- S&amp;M.
6304675348|3.0|I have to agree, Wes craven did a nice a job with A Nightmare on Elmstreet back in 1984(Even though he copied the idea of John Carpenters Halloween).  Twelve years later in 1996 he tries to make another classic-like horror  movie.  This time around he does not do as well.  However, there is one  thing he does do that makes this a decent movie, he agrees that John  Carpenters Halloween Halloween back in 1978 started the whole whole entire  slasher genre.  So what craven did was smart, the teenage killers, murder  other teens the way Michael Myers does in &quot;Halloween.  He refers back  to &quot;Halloween&quot;.  In the begining of the movie he when Drew  Barrymore is answering a trivia question from the unknown stalker, the  question was &quot;who is the killer from Halloween? Ofcourse she replies  &quot;Michael Myers&quot;.  Towards the end of the movie you can see most  of the teenagers are watching &quot;Halloween&quot;.  Drew Barrymores short  role in the movie was great.  Neve Cambell and Courtney Cox could have done  better. Craven directing style is reasonable but not great.  He does not  like his his movies very long.  He likes blood, but does not include too  much sex, nudity or profanity either.  His movies need a little more  suspense and are somewhat predictable.  Bottom line is, this movie is no  classic but it comes close.  Craven does an absolute horrible with Scream  2(1997).  Do not bother watching the awful sequel.
B000002N2Z|5.0|This cd has to be the best eveer made, the band is totally awsome!  Chino's (the lead singer)lyrical ability is incredible, not to mention the awsome riffs drums and bass lines.  this cd is best listened to in it's  entirety at a loud volume.  All of the girls will want to borrow this one!   BUY IT!
1558908498|1.0|What happened, Wes Craven?  He almost had a classic with the first Scream?  What the hell was he thinking with the sequel. No suspense, way too predictable! Wes Craven just killed the whole Scream saga with this junk!  This might very much be the dumbest sequel to any horror movie!
B000009ED0|5.0|I rarely give five stars unless every track on this albumn is great, but it is. I was reluctent to believe that it was true when I read the Kid Rock was a great mix of rap, metal, and country, but damn is he ever. Hillarious  songs such as &quot;Where you at rock?&quot; and &quot;Devil Without A  Cause&quot; give this CD new life, and Rock even slows it down a little  with &quot;Only God Knows Why&quot;. All in all, a great CD for the Rock  music lover.
B00002MZ12|5.0|I wasn't sure how Alanis would sound &quot;unplugged&quot;...but she is absolutely amazing.  The depth of her voice and the raw emotion are wonderful.  I love all the remakes of her hits from &quot;Junkie&quot; and  &quot;Jagged&quot;..but the remake of the Police's &quot;King of Pain&quot;  is also absolutely beautiful.  Alanis Unplugged is fabulous.
B000002U82|5.0|Pink Floyd thinks way outside the box. They created their own box when they released this album/CD. The album's theme deals with the hassles of everyday life. Enough said. BUY THIS CD and read books by Franz Kafka and  you'll understand the DSOTM. Buy two copies and give one to Grandma. It  rocks.
0671502336|5.0|This is a book that really gets you thinking.  It brings to the light how silly war is, and it does so in humorous manner.  It's ironic ina sense that it sets things up and then completely blows it off.  It humorously  reveals the true army life, and makes fun of how sometimes in the army it  only takes standing behind your general, not hard work, to climb the ranks.   Also, it reveals many problems that society is faced with today, and need  I say, it does so humorously.
0792835077|3.0|Average everyday joe is persuaded by a friend to come with him to amusement park styled in the old west where the people there are robots created to serve the guest anyway they see fit. Their vacation, however, is  cut short when the robots go on a murdeous rampage and start killing the  guests. Very good suspense flick is surprisingly violent (not including the  ketchup blood) and unpleasent but very entertaining despite obvious short  comings. Don't miss the SIMPSONS parody of this movie!
0671502336|4.0|I thought the book was well written and funny at the beginning, but at the end it became a little agravating.  His humor used at the end came at the wrong times and kind of made your stomach turn.  The book began as a light  and funny comedy, but turned a touch revolting.  The ending and beginning  made up for it though so I gave it a 4 out of 5.
6304030959|3.0|A little boy and his friend discover a board game that brings the wild jungle right in his house and takes him prisoner. So many years later, another boy and girl (who move into the boy's house) release him from the  game and have to finish the original in order to send all the jungle  creatures back from wence they came. Excellent special effects keep this  entertaining amid William's usual emmotional style of humor that gets  tiring after 2 or 3 viewings of MRS. DOUBTFIRE. Suspenseful and action  packed with chills if you watch in the theatre. Grier is funny as the cop  and Byrd is pre H20.
B000022TSF|5.0|This movie is really about the divorce between appearence and reality in American life. The John Huston character represents old money and power hiding its flaws under a sheen of nobility. The ending and its &quot;It's  only Chinatown&quot; is ironic; the point of the movie is that it is not  only Chinatown, instead the seeminess of the ghetto is reflected in  mainstream America as well. Gittes remains heroic in the end because he  realizes that; tragic in that he can't transform this understanding into  action. The water issue is not just a device to move the plot, rather the  keystone to a very political movie.
B00000JGEN|3.0|Market face Schwarzenegger is a renegade in the future trying to escape the country when he is caught and forced on convict killing game show for a multiconglomerate scumbag. Extremely entertaining cheapie-looking movie  full of funny dialogue catch phrases and violent action to please vets and  patriots. One complaint: The stupid scene for the opening of the show  includes uncommonplace degrading of women.
0767802446|1.0|Two men in black suits investigate supernatural sightings by normal citizens and erase their memories if they know too much. Stupid, immature, and crude comedy with dark touches and SPACE JAM humor that isn't worth  finishing initial viewing. But I did, foolishly. Nothing more than an  excuse for Smith to show off and swear excessively without getting a  PARENTAL ADVISORY slapped on him. Worth less than a star.
B00000IQW3|4.0|Fantastic animated special effects and makeup that are probably the basis for today's high tech, computer generated effects.  The story is a little hokey, but it's still fun to watch over and over again for nostalgic value.
0060920084|3.0|After having enjoyed many of Bryson's other books, I was taken aback by the petty criticism in &quot;The Lost Continent's&quot; opening pages. It seemed as if he were trying to impress his friends back in England, tearing  down all things American to establish that he wasn't really such a bloody  Yank after all. Had he taken a lot of teasing over there? I wondered how  uncommonly scintillating a person would have to be for Bryson not to paint  him as a dullard, or how exciting a town would have to be for him not to  label it a dead-end hole.<br />As Bryson continued in his travels, however, he  seemed to soften, and maybe I'm being charitable but it seemed to be a  coherent process--he was falling back in love with America, and becoming  one of us again. By the time he made it back to Iowa, he'd regained the  ability to find beauty in everyday American life. I agree with other  readers who were disappointed that he didn't get away from the  interstate-fast food &quot;generica&quot; a little more, and I also wish he  wouldn't resort so quickly to calling rural areas &quot;boring.&quot;  Still, I'd call this one a late-inning save. I will go ahead and read  &quot;I'm a Stranger Here Myself,&quot; but it had better not be a rehash  of this.
0790742705|4.0|Comic book drawing teen is not very surprised a breed of animal such as he recieves for an early Christmas present exists. But as he fails to follow the guidelines his father lays down for him, the furry little misfit spawns  an army of nasty little creatures that wreak havoc on a small town on  Christmas Eve. Their not visions of sugar plums, if you catch my drift.  Very good and very believable little shocker, being however violent and  evil hearted it is, is definately the best the year has to offer. Just  don't take what Axton says at the end too seriously.
B00000K19E|5.0|One of the most spectacular and visually interesting sci-fi movies to date. Great BGM that's appropriate for certain scenes. I love the details you can see during slow motion scenes such as all the brick and dust flying  from pillars during the assault to free Morpheus. The DVD version has great  clarity to colors and sounds, but I did notice that it suffers some  artifacting during scenes with alot of black. I tested the disc on both my  stand alone Philip Magnavox unit and my portable Panasonic DVD-L50. This  movie would be a great gift alongside Dark City for those with sci-fi  significant others.
6305076626|3.0|A cute young (and unusually vocal and out spoken)  couple are stranded in the rain and decide to take shelter in a creepy old mansion with a bunch of sexually expressive freaks and are taken advantage of in every way. Pretty  queer but also very entertaining romp gives no explainations for the  direction of plot development but the musical sequences will have you  moving your lips too. The version including the crowd scenes is better.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I saw this band live and they blew me away. Not only is their album awesome but they put on a great live show. None of the new metal bands have the talent and energy like Slipknot.
6303332609|1.0|A great classic campy film of the '80's but this version is not for the American viewers or those who speak English, so it's a complete waste of time.
B00000IPAX|3.0|I couldn't tell whether i liked this cd or not. It has some great catchy tunes and then some songs that just bang and bang and bang you on. Then you have those songs that are just ok. it's a pretty good cd i guess for punk  rock fans, but Blink 182 is in a league of their own. I strongly  dis-reccomend this for kids under 11 because of the lyrics. It does hold  some good tunes and hits but overall a ok cd.
6301871952|3.0|The same naive boy from the original is now a man with a wife (Also from the original) who are living in New York and both working for the same tycoon opportunist. When about this time, who should he find at work one  day but his favorite little orphan pet from Chinatown all alone and nowhere  to go. And when a nearby office water fountain gets the cute little thing  wet, the entire building becomes a playground prison to the Gremlin army.  The smart Gremlin is fun to watch as he takes on a role of his own, almost  maching Glover's character. As the usual sequel goes, this one is one of  the best sequels out there but just can't match the outrageous original.
B00001QGPS|5.0|Method Man and Redman. It seems like a bizarre duo at first. Heh, but then you hear the actual lyrics and say &quot;Damn, this is good&quot;. Many of the songs are great. Minus one or two of them. You like Hip Hop/Rap? This  album was made for YOU. I bought the album as soon as I could........why  dont YOU? Trust me, its well worth it. In fact, I made a copy of the CD on  my CD-RW drive so if the original got scratched, I have backup.
6300271285|4.0|A poor sweeper of a flower shop discovers that the unusual plant he bought during a total eclipse can not be fed by water, but needs blood in order to grow. But this peticular plant doesn't just grow on blood, it turns into a  monumental plant and brings business blooming into the failing shop. After  finger pricks aren't enough to satisfy the original thinker, the sweeper  begins killing people to feed the plant until is learns to feed itself and  alterior motives come into play. Outrageous ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW genre  flick is one of the best of it's kind and a rarity to be blunt. Martin  makes the dentist from MARATHON MAN look like a pushover and Greene is  hysterical as the little woman. One of the &quot;Not to be missed&quot;  movies.
B00000J7JO|5.0|The RHCP may have changed in their music stylings a bit, but they are still the great band that they were years ago. Scar Tissue is a great song (especially for driving from state state). Around the World is one of my  favorite songs, I wish they had not hidden it until now. The other tracks  are great. Yes, this IS one of those albums where one song will be liked  more than others, but I think this is a great CD. Go and get it, it would  make an exceptional gift.
B00000DFRS|5.0|this cd is awesome!   whitney houston is incredible!   she has grown so much as an artist over the years... heartbreak hotel and i'm not gonna take it are obviously directed at bobby brown... my love is your love is a  touching, uplifting song with an incredible beat...  the entire cd is  great.
B00000JCB2|4.0|I hesitated to buy this album at first. The reviews on this site were cloudy and did not help me establish a positive perspective towards this album. I went out and got this album. I must say, it is one of the better  albums out there. A few things make this album &quot;Limp&quot; from being  #1 in my favorite albums list. I would have liked Faith in this album, but  thats ok. I worry that this album will die out pretty soon. I love the  band, but they have made videos of most of their best songs. Limp Bizkit  should leave something for those people who go out and BUY this album.  There is still something left, but not as much as if you had boughten the  album the day it came out. But I must say, even if I have heard N 2 Gether  now like 100 times or more, I still enjoy listening to it.  My Final Word:  Do you have some spare cash on ya? Go out and buy this album!
B000002J29|5.0|I was a Long time ELP fan before I had heard of Genisis. Duke was there first album I noticed. I first saw them live on the Three Sides Live tour where they played &quot;Suppers Ready&quot;, which is the whole reason I  like the album. This is an excellent album for the music that is on it.  I  can't really get into the Peter Vs Phil debate because I never saw Peter  sing with them, but I can say I always went to the shows for the MUSIC.  That is one change that happened over time as well, the long flowing  melodies also went away when Peter Gabriel left. Shure there were some good  ones, and they wrote some good concert only stuff too. But I like this live  album for the older, and longer songs that are on it.  If you like the  music to tell the story as well, not just the words, this is a great album.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is one of the best films I have ever seen!  It is original, well thought out, and some of the effects are stunning.  It is the first time I have ever been to see a film without coming out and thinking &quot;I've  seen it all before&quot;  even the best of other films you can see links to  other films.  It is also very clever how it REALLY makes you think about  your life and it is plausible that it could happen... It could be  disturbing if you thought about it too much.  The only downside my TV isn't  as big as the cinema screen was!
0312853238|4.0|This is a very good book. I had read it once as a child, and decided to read it again. I read it in one day, so obviously I enjoyed it. I have two qualms with it, though. I think a more in-depth description of the buggers  should have been supplied, as well as more  history of the bugger wars. And  i also felt that the end was fairly anti-climactic. Aside from that, it was  a great book.
0767809246|5.0|DANG! This is one of the greatest movies of all time. It has action, comedy, drama , and  a little bit of suspense. It is movie that you should show to your kids, despite the R rating for profanity. The reason is that  this movie will teach lessons and inspire friendships. <br />SEE IT TODAY, if  not tomorrow :-)
0345423496|1.0|This book, to put is plainly, is stupid. Once you get past a few of the interesting concepts that are discussed in the beginning, it becomes a chore to read the book. 2061, although not fantastic, was a solid  conclusion to possibly the greatest science fiction epic of all time.  Clarke has tarnished the series with the publication of this book.
B000002I99|5.0|GREAT GREAT CLASSIC ALBUM by mr coop. I once wrote a review on this and gave it four stars and called it a bit over-rated. I am very ashamed of that today, but the rewiew didnt get added here, Maybe I did something  wrong - (thank god.) Anyway, this album is all that great people say it is.  Its an exiting journey through alice nightmare. Some creepy songs, some  more straight ahead rock n roll songs, all of great quality, and in concept  of the nightmare. Some of Alice finest songs ever is included here such as  &quot;Welcome to my N&quot;, &quot;Steven&quot;, &quot;Department of  Youth&quot; &quot;Cold Ethyl&quot; and &quot;Only women bleed&quot;. The  song-trilogy (years ago, steven and the awakening) is fantastic with a  haunting feeling that penetrating the room. If you are an alice fan this is  a must!  BUY BUY BUY!
B000001FY9|5.0|No music library is complete without this compendium of key songs from a seminal performer. Bob changed the face of music forever, and his work is timeless. He made reggae a household word and an important format, not just  a niche. I purchased this CD as a replacement for one I wore out &quot;on  the road&quot;(!)
B000002I99|5.0|GREAT GREAT CLASSIC ALBUM by mr coop. I once wrote a review on this and gave it four stars and called it a bit over-rated. I am very ashamed of that today, but the rewiew didnt get added here, Maybe I did something  wrong - (thank god.) Anyway, this album is all that great people say it is.  Its an exiting journey through alice nightmare. Some creepy songs, some  more straight ahead rock n roll songs, all of great quality, and in concept  of the nightmare. Some of Alice finest songs ever is included here such as  &quot;Welcome to my N&quot;, &quot;Steven&quot;, &quot;Department of  Youth&quot; &quot;Cold Ethyl&quot; and &quot;Only women bleed&quot;. The  song-trilogy (years ago, steven and the awakening) is fantastic with a  haunting feeling that penetrating the room. If you are an alice fan this is  a must!  BUY BUY BUY!
B00001ZULV|3.0|I've been in love with this band since Trespass, and I think the new &quot;Carpet Crawlers&quot; is wonderful. Phil and Peter's voices sound so good together that my wish for the year 2000 is that they would a take a  &quot;Music Vacation&quot;, and like some do with baseball camp, revisit a  musical place together that will bring back some great memories, and create  some new ones, for their sake and ours..
B000002TQV|5.0|Regarding the review from Evanston, IL: obviously they weren't listening to the music.  The Bends is one of the most ambitious albums of the '90's and will rightly take it's place as one of the landmark albums since Meat  is Murder.
6305657947|5.0|This was one of the great movies of summer 99. Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo star in the remake of the 1968 Steve McQueen&amp; Faye Dunaway movie The Thomas Crown Affair. Which personally i think the remake is so much better. This version is helmed by action ature John McTiernan who is best  known for Die Hard. Shows that he isn't just an action director he can  direct a romance. But what makes this movie work is the chemistry between  Brosnan and Russo who sizzle and light up the screen. Pierce Brosnan who is  very handsome and Rene Russo is gorgeous they are both awsome. <br />The  script by By Kurt Wimmer and Leslie Dixon is very good and there is really  never a boring part in it. The script develops the characters well and the  heist scene in the art museum was really well done. The photography is  great so is the jazzy music from Composer Bill Conti. Oh you can't forget  the small but funny role by Faye Dunaway who was in the original. Rent this  or do what ever to see it. becuase it has great chemistry between Brosnan  and Russo and what is really great is that they are about the same age. But  what is the stand out i think is John McTiernan who shows that he can  direct other films than just action. This was maybe one of the best summer  films that i saw. And it proves that Brosnan can do other projects than  just 007 films. This films $68 million dollar gross should tell you that.
B00001ZULV|4.0|doesn't anyone here know that last year saw the release of a boxed set that was ALL Peter Gabriel Genesis? the plans were to release 2 boxed sets, one PG and one PC, but they only released this single disc of PC instead.   I do agree that they left off some great songs from this one.
B00000IKSC|5.0|Every Backstreet Boys fan needs to add Homecoming to their collection.  It's the next best thing to seeing them in concert.  The video conains songs that have never been released in the U.S., solo performances from  each of the Boys  (which is nice for Howie and Kevin fans) and they even  get a chance to show off their instrumental skills.  I will warn you  though, as if your obsession wasn't bad enough it will only get worse by  watching this video!  I highly recommend this video; it is the most prized  Backstreet Boys item I own.
B0000029DD|5.0|what can i say? i am stunned by the utter brilliance of this album. his voice is powerful and passionate, and his lyrics pack a powerfully emotional punch. unfortunately, i didn't really get what the hype was  before and right after he died. when i heard &quot;the last goodbye&quot;  for the first time, i became a convert to this wonderful artist, and am  quite saddened that such a promising career was snuffed so short. jeff  buckley was an artist of tremendous proprtions. i cannot rave more about  this album, or this late artist.
B00001SIES|5.0|When I first heard Muse's first single, &quot;Muscle Museum,&quot; I had to buy the CD.  It has so much energy and is very pleasing to the ear.  The album is great and the only fault i can see in the band is that they try  too hard to be Radiohead.  The vocals are almost exactly like that of  Radiohead's  Thom Yorke, but they can't help that.  THe only major  difference between Radiohead and Muse is that some of Muse's songs are  harder than Radiohead's and that Muse actually has a love song (which  Radiohead doesn't).  I think that with time  Muse will develope their own  unique sound and style (Radiohead's first release, &quot;pablo honey&quot;  sound nothing like their other 2 albums) and then Muse will be huge.  They  are still young and learning, and if they get any better watch out, because  if their first release is this good...I can only hope.
0553573403|5.0|If you're looking for the norm of fantasy: Wizards, elves, trolls, and overdone with too much magic, this book isn't for you. But what it does have and most fantasy doesn't is an intricate plot full of court plots and  counterplots, characters so deep you can love, almost even the villains.  Martin has won exceptional praise and awards for A Game of Thrones. This is  my favorite contemporary fantasy. If you want it compared with Tolkien,  there is no comparison. These are two totally separate books, each as good  as the other. A Game of Thrones just puts a wonderful fresh new perspective  on fantasy. If you love fantasy, this is a little different, but still  holds the magic and charm of the normal fantasy. I just hope the rest of  the series doesn't start to fade like Goodkind and Jordan. I was a little  disappointed with Jordan's plot slowing. In my opinion, Jordan stuck a lot  of extra pages that could have been cut out without hurting the plot.  Anyway, that's Jordan. No doubt about it, A Game of Thrones is one of the  best fantasy you can read.
B00000099Y|3.0|just relistened to the album... i've figured it out... TOTAL SOUNDGARDEN ripoff!  with a little bit of JANES ADDICTION thrown in. ever listen to BADMOTORFINGER? (awesome) this is hardly innovative though... but... to be  fair... i've just upgraded it one star.
B000001EGA|5.0|When I think of Elton John music, Captain Fantastic is always one of the first albums that comes to mind.  This is not the album to start with if you only want the hits.  But if what you want is the quintesential,  autobiographical work of Elton and lyricist Bernie Taupin, then this is  where you will want to start.  The only &quot;hit&quot; on the album is  &quot;Someone Saved My Wife Tonight&quot;, but this album is not about  singles.  This album is meant to be heard, and savoured from beginning to  end without interuption.  It is original and brilliant.
6302038308|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. Buy it and you will not be dispointed. Zombies, Blood, Shotgun, Chainsaw How could this movie be bad
0393037010|5.0|There can be no greater pleasure for a devoted bookworm such as I than to discover an author with a considerable body of work already published. Imagine my delight to discover Patrick O'Brian's Aubrey/Maturin series.  Having taken the advice of other readers in these reviews, I bought Master  and Commander to begin with. So captivating was it that I bought all of the  titles in the series and have been working my way through them; now I have  just Blue at the Mizzen left unread. O'Brian truly takes the reader on a  voyage of discovery through the naval exploits of the Napoleonic wars,  through Arctic storms, shipwrecks, shattering broadsides from men of war,  peaceful coral strands, taking in the political intrigue of the Admiralty  and the world of espionage along the way. To any potential reader I can  only say, read the books in order - they comprise one long narrative. If we  all asked Mr O'Brian to give us just a couple more as a millenium gift,  would we hear his reply in the hallowed words of Aubrey's manservant,  Preserved Killick, 'Which I'm bringing, ain't I?' Everyone can dream.
079070546X|5.0|If so then you got problems. Well, this is a classic. Every Christmas we light the fire, pass out gifts , and laugh our heads off with this movie. It's a laugh out loud Comdey. Take it from the girl who has a family like  this.......ME!I know you'll be thankful you don't have a family like this!
B00000JPH6|5.0|The late Jim Henson, not to put too finer point on it, was an absolute genius. Not only did he take a piece of green felt, stuffed it, added  two ping pong balls for eyes and turned it in to the world's most popular frog,  he also concocted this wildly imaginative film that makes for enchanting  entertainment whatever your age. When the 'Dark Crystal' was shattered, the  universe was split in to factions - the Skeksis ( boo hiss ) and the  Mystics ( hurray! ). A prophercy was written that a Gelfling would return  the shard and restore ballance to the universe, the main character in the  film is a young Gelfling, his name is Jen, he forms the focal point of the  film. The 'Dark Crystal' soon develops in to an extremely unusual fantasy  adventure, boasting imaginative visuals and a thoroughly entertaining tale.  This is a must have video/DVD.
630428540X|5.0|This s one of the best moves ever!  It moves you like no other movie can ( well, maybe expect Michael also with Travolta) This is a must see film which tells an importent story of how rasictial people can become. Other  then that it is a wonderful love story. If you do not cry in the end of  this movie then you must have a heart of stone.
B000001EIA|4.0|Looking at this album today and comparing it to all the Kiss related releases since this one, one comes to the conclusion that this is the best record from the reunion so far (Even if the original band only plays in two  tracks). Even as Kiss cover some very old and obscure tracks from their  early days (Plaster Caster, Going Blind, etc.) they are done in a very  refreshing way. Specially, the playing from all band members is outstanding  as the unplugged setting makes you more aware of their playing  capabilities, specially those of Eric Singer (Drums) and Bruce Kulick (Lead  Guitar). As for the original band reunion what really makes this record  worth buying is that you can hear the band HAVE FUN! . Which is something  that was lacking on the original lineup last recordings. Also, one should  check out the video version of this concert just to see the amazing  attendance reaction to the music... If you want to get a taste of what Kiss  live is on their best &quot;You got Nothing to Loose&quot; with this one.
0345423496|1.0|ACC should have stopped at 2001, a truly great read from one of the best movies of all time.  Each book in the series went down from there.  This one doesn't even deserve one star!  It sucked so hard that I read it in one  sitting, since I knew I would never come back to it if I put it down.  It  is horrendous, no lie!
B0000039PW|5.0|When I first heard this album, I really was not blown away.  After awhile, hearing the tight beats and terrific rhymes I learned to love it.  Now, I can't live without it.  It has amazing playability.  The album is  constantly on and I never get tired of it.  The single best thing about the  album, however, is there is something for all.  My favorite songs,  &quot;THINGS DONE CHANGED&quot; &quot;GIMME THE LOOT&quot;, &quot;EVERYDAY  STRUGGLE&quot; AND &quot;FRIEND OF MINE&quot; will probably different than  yours.  This is the B.I.G album required to even begin to belief that you  have a decent hip-hop taste.  Also, &quot;Ready to Die&quot;is all  Notorious, without the less powerful collabos that are on &quot;Life After  Death&quot;.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This CD, I think is great! I love  the lyrics, and the music is fantastic.  Now I don't like this kind of  music because I find it  not comforting! But for Limp Bizkit  and Kid Rock, well They brought  it back for me! I  only like their  music, and nobody elses in this  category! <br />I think the  songs, are really  great especially, nookie, Rearranged,  and N 2 Gether  Now a duet with Method Man!<br />I give this CD a 5 Star!
B000000OY9|1.0|I am a huge Neil Young fan and yet after listening to Landing on Water, I had to ceremonially break the CD in half.  It is a travesty that anything this terrible could come from the amazing Neil Young.
6304765789|5.0|Wow! what a great movie! This movie is the twisted tale of a birthday present like no other! When a wealthy executive (Micheal Douglas) is presented with a birthday gift that seems too mysterious, he checks into it. But all anyone who has partaken in &quot;The Game&quot; will say, is it  changed my life.&quot; and &quot;I wish I could do it again for the first  time.&quot; A wonderful suspenseful movie that keeps you guessing the whole  time! A must see!
B000000WCA|5.0|Spice Girls is the most spicy lady in the world . &quot;Spice&quot; , a really great and cool CD . My favorite songs are &quot;Say You'll be There&quot; , &quot;2 become 1&quot; and &quot;Who Do You Think You Are&quot; . Those girls got a wonderful sounds for their music . So &quot;Spice  Girls&quot; really a group name which is very suited them . This CD is very  fantastic . Quickly get it and listen to it and i'll sure that you 'll like  this cool CD .
B00000IO4J|3.0|First of all let me say that the current rating for this movie (4 and a half stars) is very wrong! This movie is okay, but it is very &quot;kiddie&quot; it has all of the typical sci-fi stuff like teachers abducted by aliens, and even uses drug use as a way of testing to see who  is actually an alien! Not a good movie for the impressionable! I do not  like this one very much.
6303921248|5.0|There is no question this video is top notch.  All the way around the characters are depicted in true form to Austin's novel.  Putting aside the obvious main characters (Firth &amp; Ehle), Mr. Collins, Mrs. Bennett, and  Bingly's sister were exceptionally well cast.  Their exaggerations are down  right funny, greasy, overbearing like Austin wanted to portray.  Makes one  want to wrinkle their nose disghust and shame but yet bellow with laughter  at the same time. The cast chosen for this piece was perfectly done. I  flatter myself; as Collins would say; to recommend this video series to  anyone with social graces.
6304240562|5.0|Now here is a movie that satiates that child like dream of being locked in a shopping mall with all of the stores, and their contents at your disposal! The only problem is, there are zombies taking over the world, and the mall!  What a great movie!
B00000K31V|2.0|What were those reviewers thinking when they said that? <br />The whole movie is based on a completely different story. And this pod thing you plug into your back? It seemded like it was a plasic bag filled with water with a  little string attached. <br />Jennifer Jason Leigh should take some more  acting lessons cause well.. she isn't that convincing..
B00003CWHS|2.0|Okay, first of all this movie is not terrible, but not worth a 4 and a half star rating! While yes it is original, and weird, it is still very boring, and not entertaining. Worth seeing once.
B000007T1M|5.0|Having remembered seeing System on tour with Slayer long before they really became famous and bought the cd with neither me or my friends knowing who they were. At the time i didn't think this odd yet highly  talented group would make it as far as they have. Personally I think they  are thousands of times better then Limp Bizkit, Korn, Deftones and all the  other bands of that nature that they are being grouped along with. They  play REALLY tight and REALLY well. Well regardless of what the media  perceives of them and the fact that now its quite trendy to like them they  still kick a helluva lot of @ss as far as i'm concerned. Sugar is hardly  even close to being their best song as everyone likes to point out. Check  out the vicious Suite-Pee, Know, Soil and War before Sugar. I personally  don't care much for bands like Korn, LB and Deftones and prefer real metal  such as Slayer, Arch Enemy and Strapping Young Lad but SOAD is damn good.
B00000IQUT|3.0|Definatley not a movie for the kids. This movie yields a tale of a young writer on a holiday in search of her best novel yet, but the site she chooses for her little getaway turns into a nighmare you can't imagine!
B00000IQMT|5.0|I bought this CD the day it came out on May 4. Mainly because of my love for the scores of Williams and for my love for Star Wars. After listening to this score well over 50 times I have to say that I am not disappointed.  My only complaints are that a large majority of the songs are missing and  the songs are extremely mixed up. You'll listen to a song and it will start  out at the begining of the film and end somewhere in the middle of the  film. Despite these two complaints, the score is beautiful and Williams  added in the chorus perfectly, not overdoing it like Danny Elfman does, but  it's the perfect blending of the chorus and the London Symphony Orchestra  that make is a must have. If you are a fan of Star Wars or of the scores of  John Williams. Buy this soundtrack and you listen to it everyday just like  I do, I promise.
0790736942|5.0|If you are an adult longing to be scared again like you were when you were a kid, this is your movie! A great film that packs a scare like no other! This one is sure to scare each time!
B000021YCI|4.0|who make them seem as nasty as they probably are, this is a record worth living with. What makes it good is Dusty Hill's subtle ability to craft bass hooks that while certainly not outside of a blues tradition reinvent  it nobly. Billy Gibbon's plays like he has learned more from Steve Cropper  than Eric Clapton which is sensible for a group this obviously  American-centric. Good blues is never far removed from the ignoble and with  the downplaying of complaining, which is also integral to the blues, all  you are left with is the sordid. Which is joyful in its way, just like its  fan base. They cannot be trusted but for the first, and only time, they  have made a record which validates their lecherous natures.
6301016289|3.0|This film was quite fun to watch and I enjoyed it. Douglass and Sheen gave excellent performances, and Gordon Gekko had some classic lines(My personal favorite: A fool and his money are lucky enough to get together in the  first place).<br />However, as much as I'd recommend this film for it's  entertainment value, as a professional trader who has been making his  living from trading stocks and commodities for his own personal account for  the past twelve years, I have to say that this film does more to perpetuate  every myth and psychological bias that causes the majority of people to  LOSE money in the markets than just about any other film I can think of.  Chief among them in this film is that inside information is required or  even desirable in many cases in order to make money. This may just be a  reflection of the biases of it's director, but IMO, a bit more in depth  research and the inclusion of another character, for contrast's sake, of a  successful, honest trader and his or her methods would not have gone amiss.  I kept hoping this would develop in the character of Lou Manheim, but it  never did. Bottom line: Very entertaining story, but it ain't no success  manual. More like a study of what not to do to win on Wall Street.
B000002J29|5.0|Although Collins was lead singer for the band several years before this live album, this serves as a terrific example of how the sound of the band didn't rely on one individual.  The Gabriel era music meshed seamlessly  with the early Collins era material performed.  Unlike Sammy Hagar singing  David Lee Roth's parts, Collins' performance made this music his own while  at the same time staying true to the spirit and style of Peter Gabriel.  A  teriffic CD!
0446310786|3.0|of course this is a timeless classic of a home town life during the depression. this book is told from the first person persective of scout the youngest child.  her father atticus is a lawyer defending a black man in a  rape trial wich makes life for her and her brother jem even worse. read  this book and realize how they overcame the turbulances of life in this  small town.
B000031XCR|5.0|This album is so amazing I never take it out of my cd player. I absoulutly love the new songs ecspecially &quot;Then You Look At Me&quot; and &quot;Thats the Way It Is&quot;, and the greatests hits are fabulous. I  have never ever heard a voice so beautiful, and I've never seen a performer  put so much dedication into their work as Celine Dion does. Incredible!
B0000019PA|5.0|What we have here is beauty.  An emotional experience that has never been equalled in any other form or medium.  It is both challenging and embracing, mocking and nuturing, and transcends folk-indie rock tags that  cannot attempt to pigeon-hole this uncompromising artistic acheivement.   This is not for the weak of heart, nor the weak of ears, Magnum is not  patronizing you with an overproduced bubble-gum pop record, so don't expect  it.  This rivals the best albums of our decade and should so be noted as a  masterpiece of mythical proportions.
B000002NJS|4.0|This album is not madonna's lucky star or papa don't preach or secrect. This is a total pivotal change madonna had demonstrated in this album. it's sounds a lot bjorkish or new age. I think this is what madonna had always  been looking forward to create. Even in her most lully,playful songs  I've  always sensed a subtle seriousness in her voice and songs I think madonna  had lost part of her audience when she released this album.I await her next  album,because it will give a clearer picture of how madonna's music is  going. I would definetly choose this album as album of the milli. (beside  other albums)
0679442790|4.0|Bernhard Schlink's novel, The Reader is a wonderful masterpiece. It is very heartfelt and gripping. You can't wait to see what will happen next in the character's relationship. Anyone that reads this novel will enjoy it.  There are many very powerful themes throughout it.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|This is one of the greatest movie of all times.  It is rather funny.  Bill Murray adds a lot of character in this movie.  The cast is huge.  There is no little name people.  There are big stars.  Every actor in this movie  plays their part real well.  It is even a good movie for the younger crowd.   Language is not totaly bad. There is a few mild terms, but overall it is  clean.
0790742780|5.0|I would have to say this movie is worth the price of admission.  It made me want to join  DeFens and the Michael Douglass army.  DeFens is the license plate on Douglass' car.  The movie points out how stupid some  things are, like the whammy burger.
B000006NUW|5.0|I was born in Los Angeles in 1957,so I was pretty young when these songs came out. On Los Angeles AM radio in the early 60's. The top songs were easygoing safe stuff. Any time a Motown song came on you just had to  dance,you couldn't help yourself. This HITSVILLE U.S.A. is the best  collection of Motown hits by far. From the early days of Smokie Robinson  &amp; the Miracles,Supremes,Martha and the Vandellas,Four Tops and The  Temptations to The Jackson five,Rare Earth. The standerd was always higher  then anything else out there! Take it from the little white boy from LA who  has kids of my own now. They hear these songs,and just have to dance.Todays  music it's hard to find any music that will grab you this way,and not turn  you lose. MAKES A GREAT GIFT,TOO!  Thank you,JaminJim
B0000296SI|5.0|I heard Dude Ranch when it first came out, I did like it, but not enough to buy at the time. I bought Enema in a CD shopping spree and thought it sounded ok the first time. After listening to it at work a few times I  found that I couldn't get the songs out of my head and that I played it  over and over. The highlights are, well, all of the songs. Sorry, I can't  pick a favourite.
0156528207|5.0|This is by far one of the greatest books ever.  Children can comprehend this and they can get one point of view about the little prince and they can think of it  as a very good childrens book, yet adults can read this  and enjoy it even more so, I, myself, extremely enjoyed the social critism  as well as the underlying metaphors and over all awesome power of this  book.  Ranks up there with Dante and Chaucer.  Strongly Recomended
6301174240|5.0|Michael Jackson is one of my favorite artists.  Every child's life should include this wonderful video.  I saw it as a child and I will never forget it!
0790734516|5.0|This was a great movie. It is a favorite of mine and my friends. It has a great plot and great actors. The movie is an instant classic. I give it 5 stars. I hope you like this movie too.
0812548094|5.0|I'm up to part 5 right now, but looking back, I can say that Stone of Tears was probably the best. The first one was alright, but didn't break any new ground for me. When I got around to reading this one, it blew me  away! The book is epic in scope and the plot is exciting. The end seemed a  little rushed, but the rest of the book is so good, I still recommend it.  Richard is the man!
B0000296SI|5.0|This album should be on the top ten countdown EVERY WEEK, AND # 1 ALL YEAR LONG! These guys Rock! It is definetly a new years eve song! All the way into 2000! YEAH! WOOOOOOOOOO!
1558908455|4.0|I loved this movie!  Yes, it was mindless, dumb, special effects were cheesily gory and the acting was off and on...but hey, I was thoroughly entertained!  Think of this as a Zucker Brothers (Airplane!) version of a  vampire movie.  Do NOT take it seriously...just turn up the volume and  enjoy the campiness!  It's hilarious and action-packed.  The only drawback  was a lame attempt at character profiles.  Yes, the two main brothers are  psycho criminals but when we try to put any spin on their relationship and  how totally screwed up one of them really is it tries to be serious and  lags the movie's true spirit.
0393312836|4.0|one of the better books available that goes into the psyche of the modern teenager. the events outlined are not as far fetched as they may sound. clockwork orange reflects the reality that we are headed towards. the  events can take place today and in fact may be happening right now! the  novel is a good example of how too much freedom can create so much trouble.  it is scary because it brings out an inner fear in most people that this  may not be totally fictional. one is forced to ask, is this the result of  the overdose of violence that goes hand in hand with entertainment? is it a  result of the myopic attitude of the authorities? are the guardians and  counsellors doing their job properly. the return of alex to his house and  the reception thereafter is quite realistic. it's time for further  introspection. have we at any point of time turned away anyone in desparate  need of help? the language of the teens is hard to follow at the start but  it is very easy to pick up. in fact after a point it becomes addictive. it  would be difficult for me to see a fight without thinking of  &quot;tolchok&quot;. there is one drawback. the author practically raises a  toast to alex, at the end of his book. would this not influence wrongly the  impressionable ones, especially ones like me!
B000003TAR|3.0|Everybody is entitled to their opinions,but i don't get the big deal about Nirvana.This is the only Nirvana album i own,but i'm not a big fan of it.Its alright,but as far as the being the best band of the century,they  kinda get on my nerves after a while.    Foo Fighters Rock!
0393312836|4.0|one of the better books available that goes into the psyche of the modern teenager. the events outlined are not as far fetched as they may sound. clockwork orange reflects the reality that we are headed towards. the  events can take place today and in fact may be happening right now! the  novel is a good example of how too much freedom can create so much trouble.  it is scary because it brings out an inner fear in most people that this  may not be totally fictional. one is forced to ask, is this the result of  the overdose of violence that goes hand in hand with entertainment? is it a  result of the myopic attitude of the authorities? are the guardians and  counsellors doing their job properly. the return of alex to his house and  the reception thereafter is quite realistic. it's time for further  introspection. have we at any point of time turned away anyone in desparate  need of help? the language of the teens is hard to follow at the start but  it is very easy to pick up. in fact after a point it becomes addictive. it  would be difficult for me to see a fight without thinking of  &quot;tolchok&quot;. there is one drawback. the author practically raises a  toast to alex, at the end of his book. would this not influence wrongly the  impressionable ones, especially ones like me!
B000002BFL|5.0|That way he can afford to continue to make tremendous recordings that are sure not to sell to the narrow minded public(see many of the reviews below).Just when I thought I would never really like another Springsteen  record,he comes up with this. This record does for folk/americana music  what Born To Run did for rock.Way to go Bruce!
0944092705|4.0|I've viewed this book side by side with the Hasselblad Award Book, and I find the quality of the printing in 2 1/4 to be inferior to that in the Hasselblad volume.  I think the selection of the photos is excellent, but  the reproductions in this particular book are somewhat washed out. With an  artist such as Eggleston,the color printing process is essential to  communicating his vision.  I found the quality of the printing in this book  to be a disservice to his art.
B0000028W9|5.0|the depth of these songs is unbelievable. I could listen to it forever. the meaning of &quot;democracy&quot; the fun of &quot;closing time&quot; and the melodies of the whole package just fascinate me. I will wear this  one out!
0425152251|2.0|This book came highly recommended from some friends as a good read, but I need to find some new friends.  I thought it the plot lacked any intensity or interest, the characters were weak, underdeveloped, and the language  bored me to tears.  This is a good book for young readers as an  introduction to philosopy, but not if you're looking for a good read.
B00003003R|3.0|Okay it's GNR, if you loved them you will buy this regardless of what anyone says.  When you do you will also be confused by the tracks chosen to represent the era. Not the actual songs, but the versions themselves.  Most  of the songs didn't give me the same raw feeling that even the studio  albums gave me. If you want GNR the way they were meant to be heard, pickup  a bootleg. Once you hear Axl playing November Rain on piano before the song  was dressed up with synthesizer, you won't be able to listen to other  versions.
1572522232|5.0|Never will the music score of this film leave your head once it has been heard...with the possible exception of Carpenter's Hallowe'en score, this is the best horror film music.  That said, another aesthetic quality the  film has is the lovely Jessica Harper  (too little appreciated in Hollywood  the last 20 years) in one of her first and most beautiful roles - no  sloppy, teenage wardrobe here, but evocative and meaningful clothes.   Truly, a film where every detail matters - pay attention during the   (terrifying) sequence with all the students sleeping in the auditorium  together...heavily influenced by Dante, the Pre-Raphaelites, and Ambrose  Bierce, Dario Argenti has succeeded in creating a film well nigh defiant of  plot summary.  The best shot is probably the last, where the heroine, safe  from horror, casts a weird smile at the devastation - throwing viewer  loyalty out of sync in a way that hasn't been seen since Hitchcock caused  viewers to hope the thrill kill went unsolved in 1948's Rope...a superior  film, despite about three scenes of visceral violence which restrict this  film to adults and the non-squeamish.
6300216039|5.0|Franco Zeffirelli's Oscar winning 1968 Romeo And Juliet is a revolutionary masterpiece! This is a flamboyant and very popular adaptation of the famous Shakespearean tragedy, in which actual teenagers play the leads. Two young  lovers, who come from feuding families, desperately wish to stay together.  They go to a gentle friar for help, and, in hopes their wedding will end  the conflict, he comes up with an ingenious plot to unite them. However,  when a miscommunication destroys their plans, they make a tragic decision -  a decision that brings peace, but too late to help the lovers  themselves.<br />Olivia Hussey is the heartbreakingly beautiful, vulnerable,  and courageous woman, who shines as sweet Juliet. Leonard Whiting's poetic  good looks, sensitivity, and cleverness, make his portrayal of young Romeo  seem unparalleled. In addition, Michael York is outstanding as the feisty  Tybalt, John McEnery is brilliant as lively punster Mercutio, and Milo  O'Shea is absolutely wonderful as the ever so bright, Friar  Lawrence.<br />Zeffirelli's career as an opera director is put to spectacular  use here. Each scene is meticulously crafted to be an exact replica of the  Renaissance with stunningly beautiful clothing, jewels, furniture, food,  glass, and sculpture - it is an overwhelming feast for the eyes. The  preserved medieval towns of Tuscany, and the lovely Borghese palace where  the balcony scene is set, give the film the look of an animated Renaissance  painting. Zeffirelli took some liberties with Shakespeare's original script  for the sake of brevity, but unless you are a die-hard purist, this is a  minor flaw.<br />The true shining star in this film is the delightful, Ms. Pat  Heywood who steals the screen with each moment she graces it. She plays  Juliet's Nurse and does so with such power, whimsy, and conviction that you  simply must love her. Pat Heywood gave the commonly droll Nurse character  life and vibrancy I have yet to see in a performance of this play live of  filmed. In either case, the characters in this film play extraordinary  parts and they do it with such poignancy!
0060283122|5.0|These beautifully bound and illustrated books are marvelous fun! The Baudelaire children are the saddest, smartest characters I've seen in a while. True, the bad guys are stock-in-trade but who cares? This book and the one after it are enormous fun. Followers of Roald Dahl in particular  should gobble them up! Hooray for children's fiction that is intelligently  written, witty, funny and not saccharine sweet!
B00002MZ2T|3.0|I bought this CD for the song &quot;I knew I loved you&quot;, I love that song and the rest are ok, but there is no comparison to Backstreet Boys or     'N sync, they are the BEST and always will be!
6304297912|5.0|Some people see the first scene of the movie and immediately dismiss it as another over the top drug glamorization free for all.  Nothing could be further from the truth.  Trainspotting presents a rather realistic take on  life with heroin; it is dark, funny, disgusting, sad, and disturbing.   Though not a particularly good influence and certainly not a family film,  Trainspotting is a must-see for all young people 18 and older.
B00000J6AG|5.0|So far, my pick of '99. Moby manages to sample and pay tribute to everything from wailing blues(&quot;find my baby&quot;, &quot;natural blues&quot;) to soul (&quot;why does my heart...&quot;) to techno  (&quot;bodyrock&quot;), and get it right every time. &quot;Everloving&quot;  is one of my standout tracks of the decade. This album is more versatile  and varied than his earlier &quot;Everything is Wrong&quot;, and should  appeal to anyone who's interested in exploring new directions in dance  music.
B0000062GK|5.0|I have five Satriani CDs by now, and this is my new favorite.  This hearkens back to the free-wheeling imaginative hi-jinks of &quot;Surfing with the Alien&quot; with more musical substance.  I didn't like &quot;The  Extremist&quot; very much (wandered around too much), liked some of the  bluesy stuff on his self-titled CD, but prefer the high energy rock  virtuosity this CD provides.  By the way, I just saw &quot;The Satch  Tapes&quot; (rented from blockbuster) and, although it ends with &quot;The  Extremist&quot;, Satriani fans will find it interesting.
0385484518|5.0|&quot;Tuesdays With Morrie&quot; offers a wonderful story that is simply told, without unnecessary elaborations.  I felt deeply touched by Morrie and Mitch's relationship, especially since it was between two men. <br />The  book was still a bit uneven.  I was more involved in Morrie's life than  Mitch's.  Although Mitch's journey is the major theme of the book, I got  deeply involved in his life only when he talked about his brother.   Otherwise, I could not wait until he talked about Morrie.<br />I enjoyed the  structure of the book and the way Morrie's biography was presented, bit by  bit.  Although this book did not make me cry, I felt a profound sadness by  the book's end and felt enriched because I found out about Morrie,  especially since I go to Brandeis University.<br />This book was a senior gift  to my class and it is perfect.
B000002UQJ|3.0|I never thought I would give a Paul McCartney album a mediocre review, but the sad truth is that this one just isn't up to the standards he set with Flowers In The Dirt and followed up with Flaming Pie.  It's almost as if  this album was an excuse to release some material he had lying around.  I  agree with the reviewer who said the bonus disc had better stuff than the  actual album.  Why weren't these songs released?  Even if he made it a  double album, it would still be halfway decent.<br />To be fair, there are  some good songs on here (personally I like &quot;Get Out Of My Way&quot;  and &quot;Winedark Open Sea&quot;) and there are others that aren't truly  bad, but you wonder how someone so gifted could take what are some good  hooks and melodies and make them so mawkish as to be almost embarrasing.   The best thing about this album was that Paul toured in support of it and I  got to see him live for the second time.  Borrow a friend's copy and listen  to that, but I wouldn't bother myself.
6300271285|5.0|Little shop of Horrors was the best film I ever saw. I never tire of it! I think the actors play the charactures very well. I love the music in little shop of horrors, I find the music more pleasant to listen to than pop  music. The film is weird and wonderful-just like me!
0446525537|5.0|Great book! I read it in two days, couldn't put it down.  Restored my faith in God and his ability to perform miracles.
B000002C1Z|5.0|The book Which One's Pink is posslibly the greatest interpretation of Floyd concept albums. So if you like Floyd buy this.
B000005S31|5.0|emotional highs and strange vibes...<br />his best work of note for commercial and modern times. you will enjoy the wrapped warpings
0784010188|5.0|it has the best audio preformance,and a very good action scenes!
B00000AFFF|4.0|I almost hate to admit it, but I really like this CD.  I'm more of an Elvis Costello fan and not really much of a Bacharach fan, but the more I listen to this album the more it grows on me.  The tunes are catchy and EC  is his usual fine self.  He's not in top voice on every track, but when he  does hit it he's dead on.  The one thing is, it's very hard to listen to  this album repeatedly.  However, it's great for listening to when you need  something to distract you.
B000002HRE|4.0|Hey, I have to say, that isn't the real Metallica. This is Blues Rock. At least, Reload is good, but not their best. I think their best album is &quot;Kill 'Em All&quot; or the super-duper &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot;.  Blues fans, this cd is for you. Metal fans, keep away from that  cd.<br />Metallica Best Albums: 1) Master Of Puppets 2) Kill 'Em All 3) The  Black Album 4) And Justice For All 5) Reload<br />bye!
0380973464|5.0|This is 900+ pages of concentrated brain food.  In addition to being a cracking good suspense story on multiple levels and in two timelines, and working just fine and dandy as a complex techno-thriller a la early Michael  Crichton, CRYPTONOMICON is even MORE rewarding if you are interested in  history (especially WW2), cryptography (especially WW2 crypto efforts),  UNIX, Perl, the Open Source movement, academic foufous, Asian cultures, or  international politics.  If you understand German and/or Japanese, it gets  even better.  And it improves over multiple readings.
630562285X|4.0|The Actors have done a great job; Well, what do you expect from Sean Connery!  Catherine Zeta Jones is very sexy and makes a feast for my eyes! The only thing is about this DVD version that there were no special  features except the  trailer...
0312954468|5.0|Do not read this book if you don't have the time to be transported to another time, another place.  Wilbur Smith is the master of placing his reader in his books.  You feel like you are living the book with the  characters.  Taita is the slave/narrator and he draws you in with his  narrative. You live life with Taita and his mistress and her lover, Tanus.    The book is filled with history and humor and thrilling battles and the  life of ancient Egypt.  It's very good.  What makes it even better is...no  I can't tell you.  Read it yourself.  Remember, this book takes a big  commitment of time. But it is time well spent.
6304595247|5.0|The setting was perfect, the gloomy Yorkshire moors. The actors well chosen. A powerful story of love and betrayal to your heart and revenge.It truly captured utter humanity.
B000002LCE|5.0|I must agree with several fellow reviewers on many points.  We cannot have more &quot;Holy Diver&quot; or &quot;Last in Line&quot; because those days are (*sniff*) gone forever into the spiraling vortex of the past.  Never  can we hope to regain that particular brand of musical genius because  today's generation (of which I am ashamed to be a part) has no appreciation  for the exceedingly emotional work of good metal.  I would bet that every  single band these days is a group of posers who claim to have been  mistreated terribly in their childhood.  I also find it laughable that the  songs they churn out are assembly-line productions with no imagination  whatsoever.<br />On to &quot;Dream Evil,&quot; we again see yet another  maturation process from Ronnie and Co.  Losing Vivian Campbell to the lures  of David Coverdale's Whitesnake, the band rallied from the absence and  produced a wonderfully planned, written, and arranged work with some  distinctly imaginative aspects.  Of course, as Ms. Fraser, the author of  the editorial review, was correct in pointing out, Ronnie relied far too  much on particular words and phrases.  However, that is all part of  Ronnie's personality, and no matter how you try, there is no possible way  you may confuse this with a lack of originality.<br />Regarding Dio's recent  work, only &quot;Angry Machines&quot; deserves the criticism it receives  from my comrade, Adrian Ferenczy (DarknessPaladin@yahoo.com).  All of his  works from &quot;Lock up the Wolves&quot; onward are excellent works of  masterful art.  We can only hope that the trend continues because even when  musical taste disappears completely down the toilet (as it already seems to  have), bands such as Dio, Black Sabbath, and others along the same line  will always retain a loyal cadre of devoted fans.
B00001ZUGJ|4.0|This review is referring to the Limited Edition Collector's Set: Don't get me wrong: The movie gets 5 stars and even more, but this edition gets 4 stars or less... WHY? Here's why: Why do I need to pay 60$ for the DVD +  the soundtrack? Because all the rest is junk!: A poster, some cards, a box,  and a film!
B000000OUE|1.0|Get this cd And get the Rob Zombie cd
B00000J7J4|5.0|Initially, I bought this CD because of the artists that were featured on this album, such as Dave Matthews, Rob Thomas, Lauryn Hill, Wyclef Jean, etc.  I now have a new respect for Santana and his music, its soulful,  haunting and meaningful.  The song &quot;Love of my Life&quot; with Dave  Matthews is absolutely beautiful.  His voice is very sexy.  The song is so  amazing.
B000009PPG|4.0|This movie is everything that a martial artist should strive to be.Bruce shows his philosophy of the martial arts in action.The only reason that don't give this movie 5 stars is because Bruce has no real competition that  would give the impression that he could beat Bruce at all.The ending is  still a classic.
0671867369|5.0|This is simply the best WWII book I have ever read! I have given this book as a gift to a few friends, and they have nothing but praise. Having been in the Army for 12 years now, and as a Desert Storm Veteran, I can say this  book captures the feelings and emotions shared by regular people thrown  together in bad situations, and the bonding that goes on. I have nothing  but the utmost respect for the men in the book, and all of the veterans who  put it all on the line for our country. I have read 2 other Steven Ambrose  books, and would not hesitate to recommend any of them. The first time I  read &quot;Band of Brothers&quot;, I went cover to cover in about 6 hours!
B00000FCBC|5.0|this is the one baby!  All the songs are just so perfect. i love it!  It's all good bums
0380973464|5.0|If you can remember what it was like to see Star Wars for the first time, then you know what it feels like to read Cryptonomicon. It's as though a new universe has opened, where these heroic characters still live and have  adventures. This rich book combines meticulous research, shrewd social  commentary, and vivid observations on human relationships with information  theory and the history of cryptography in WWII, a fascinating subject in  itself. And even though parts of Cryptonomicon are hilarious, the  intertwined stories show the suffering of all people in WWII, not just the  Allies. This is a book to be read again and again, by anyone who's ever  wondered how the Enigma encoding system could be related to Alan Turing's  bicycle chain. Buy it for every nerd on your list!
0767805712|4.0|overall a great scifi genre movie, the title &quot;GATTACA&quot; was VERY creative, GATTACA is the formula for DNA, hehe just learned it in bio the other day
B00002Z88D|5.0|I didnft like Metallica, cause they show naked woman in there promotion video. But I liked the idea, of using an orchestra. I think rock nf roll would be better if they use orchestras. Take Aerosmithfs gI donft wanna  miss a thingh and Puff daddyfs gCome with meh for an example. I think  these songs wouldnft be better with out an orchestra. Maybe in the future  every rock nf roll artist might be using an orchestra. Anyway I think  Metallica did a great job in this album. So rock fans who want to hear a  new kind of rock, I think Metallica has the answer. Buy this album, or  never learn the future of rock nf roll.
B000002MP2|1.0|this cd is not good at all. All the songs sound out of tune. This band is not even around anymore. what a poor album.
B000031XCR|5.0|I definately do not agree with the last review. Celine Dion is spectacular or she would not be nearly as popular as she is. Anyone with Celine's voice is not worth one star. She's worth one-hundred!
B000003NA4|5.0|This is the first Diana Krall CD I purchased. I first heard &quot;Peel Me A Grape&quot; on a jazz radio station I came across while channel surfing, right then and there I was hooked. That silky smooth sultry voice, somewhat  enchanting is what got me. Aside from &quot;Peel Me A Grape&quot; my  favorites are &quot;I Miss You So&quot; and &quot;All Or Nothing At  All&quot;, whether I'm listening at home or in my car she can always make  me feel like she's singing to me. I've always had the habbit of channel  surfing while driving, which to some of my riders at times seems very  disturbing, but if I wasn't a channel surfer just look what I'd be missing.
B000002INJ|5.0|AWSOME....BUT I GOTTA SAY THAT THE SONG PLEASURE SLAVE IS AWSOME...BUT FUNNY. JUST GET IT...ITS WORTH IT. YOU GOT MONEY? WELL THEN GO ORDER THIS CD....ITS GREAT.....TRUST ME. ROCK ON!
B00000JCOV|3.0|Out of 15 songs, only about 7 of them are truly  worth the dead presidents[ (SIC), Eyeless, Wait and Bleed, Spit it Out, Purity, Prosthetics, and the secret song available on some CDs) I'm not saying the rest of them were no good; there was just nothing really &quot;grabbing&quot; about some of  them. However, it is clearly a sophisticated class act compared to the  overrated and moronic Limp Bizkit. So, not a great album, just a GOOD one.
014028009X|3.0|Bridget Jones's Diary started out as a newspaper column in England.  The diary entries are comical and speak to the heart of most women (at least those who will admit it to themselves).  <br />HOWEVER, the plot is stolen  from Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice, an infinately better read (my  favorite novel, btw) so I was unable to read Bridget Jones without a  grudge.  <br />If you're going to write, please don't steal from others.  An  homage is fine, but this crosses the line. Fielding goes so far as to call  Bridget's true love Darcy. Come on. Next time, come up with your own plot.  <br />Recommended: Pride &amp; Predjudice (the novel, ISBN: 0553213105).  If  you prefer to watch great fiction rather than read it, view the wonderful  and charming BBC film (ASIN: 6303921248).
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is not a mindless fighting movie like mortal kombat or bloodsport, it has real themes, intriguing story, and so much adrenaline that after 2 1/2 hours I didn't want it to end.  Definetly the best movie of the year  (possibly decade), second is Bringing Out the Dead.  If the Oscars were not  voted by idiots David Fincher would at least be nominated for best  director.  On a technical basis it is perfect.  The photography and editing  are flawless with the ambient Dust Bros. giving a catalyst of a score.  As  far as performances go Edward Norton and Helena Bonham Carter are  great.<br />If you already know this then check out the novel.  It has many  differences from the movie.
B000000OUW|5.0|I WOULD JUST BUY THIS ALBUM FOR COURAGE AND METAL WARRIORS ALONE. AWSOME, AWSOME, AND EVEN MORE AWSOME. I LUV THESE GUYS!
B00003003R|5.0|This album is just awesome...It totally embodies all that was and is great about Guns N' Roses.  Each song possesses the excitement, passion, and decadence of the band and the era.  If you are a fan, you must own this!    It is just great.  I don't know what else to say...Buy this!  You won't be  disappointed.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Many of the people I know who didn't enjoy this movie simply didn't get it.  Some were threatened by the attitude towards consumerism.  Others found the violence too much, or even worse, over done.  But no one came out  of that theatre with something they'd expected or something they could  forget about.  Those who went in for an action flick were forced to watch a  literate, existential, art film with violence that they couldn't get  excited about because it had meaning.  Those who wanted to see Brad Pitt  saw Brad Pitt and paid little mind to the brilliant story brought to us by  one of the finest new American authors, Chuck Palaniuk.  And the rest were  offended by the negative attitude toward their favorite coffee chains,  clothing stores, and/or furniture outlet.  I say good.<br />Some wonderful  things about this movie, not giving anything away, are that the characters  that are fighting the above mentioned institutions are also willing  participants in making them as successful as they are, and the body count  is as low as a big budget Hollywood film has been in years.  Don't believe  me?  Check it out.<br />As a film, it stands out as one of the most creative  and beautifully shot movies this year.  David Fincher, not being bound by  convention, made one of the best adaptations from novel to screen ever with  Fight Club.<br />This film will speak to everyone.  To some it will say  horrible things they do not want to hear.  To others it will touch a place  you never knew you had in you.  Read the book if you want to really know  the philosophy.  See the movie for a demonstration.
0385493800|4.0|I recently finished reading the The Testament and enjoyed it very much. I found it to be very intriguing and different from Grisham's previous books. He was faithful to his old style of revealing how many in the legal  profession operate , but he also unfolded a story which was unique and  uplifting in that morals are actually raised to a higher level - too bad  the legal profession is so blind to their manipulations and devious ways.  They ought to have to sign a lawyer type of Hypocratic Oath to protect the  public from their profession and their greedy ways.
B000031XCR|3.0|I'm not really a fan of Celine's, but there are a few songs on this CD that I liked.  I especially like 'All the Way'.  It gave me such a great feeling about my relationship, I feel that way about him and it seems the  song is describing the ultimate level of love that there can be.  After  hearing that song, I ran out and bought the CD for him for Christmas!
078321667X|5.0|I seldom wrote any comments. But, this time I just felt that I had to say something about this movie--to me, it's simply the best movie ever made in the 20th century. What really is amazing may not only reside in the  fantastic acting of those animals, but in the fact that it's got some deep  phylosophical meaning (or &quot;nothingness&quot;, in Satre's word!)with  the story per se-- it reminds us that sometimes (or, in better terms, all  times) we human beings may just have taken things too seriously... And in  this sense, the champion sheep-pig is more human than us... Should you want  to share some wiews with me, just write to af5520@wayne.edu    ---P.S.: As  long as you still enjoy this movie, you know you are mentally health and,  should you be religious, being blessed by the God!
0679457313|5.0|I have read many books and this is LITERALLY the BEST book I have ever read.  The language is incredible, the characters are convincing, and the plot is heartbreakingly bittersweet.  I finished it and started reading it  again in the same hour. I wholeheartedly recommend it.
B000021XS0|5.0|Good News, Dream Theater are trying, and will hopefully succeed in making their Metropolis 2000 tour a full performance piece with screens and all .  I would love to see a lavish stage show again, it has been awhile, with  bands opting now for smaller toned down performances.  I have been  listening to this album almost every day since it came out, and am still  hearing new things from it.<br />Got a question though.  Anyone know what they  hell the ending means, when the hypnotherapist sais Open Your Eyes, and  then you here Nicholas scream?<br />I would love to see DT do a album with a  full Orchestra like Metalica's S&amp;M  I think it would sound AMAZING!
B00002MZ4W|4.0|It shocks me to read that some of the listeners found &quot;When the Pawn...&quot; to be a set-back compared to Fiona's tremendous debut &quot;Tidal&quot;.  This album is filled with what I call &quot;Emotional  Therepy&quot;.  For those of you out there who can appreciate soul,  poignant lyrics, and talent....this album is for you!   In my opinion  Fiona has not only blossomed in her song writing, but she's stepped forward  in her career at such a young age.  Hats off to the &quot;truly talented  songstresses&quot; who can bring you in and out of emotional rollercoasters  through the windows of their minds.  Thank you Tori and Fiona :)
B000003RCY|5.0|After 78 customer reviews, what is there still to be added? Well, that Rammstein are smarter than many people think, for instance. <br />Making noise  is quite important these days if you want to get known. From =Heirate Mich=  (a Gothic tale about a bodythief in the graveyard), through =Laichzeit= and  =Weisses Fleisch= (that describe weird sexual preferences, to put it  mildly) to =Asche= and =Der Meister= (which indicate that the band might  feel quite some sympathy for the antichrist), these folks have neatly  assembled just about everything that delivers a smash-kick right into the  politically correct citizen's nuts. Since this is most obviously intended,  let's not join the ranks of the stupid in whining about the obvious.  <br />Rather, enjoy the intense and dark vibes delivered by this one-of-a-kind  music formation. As a non-German you won't notice the irony and cynical  sidekicks in their lyrics, but mind you, you're still lightyears ahead of  all the good people here in Germany who start crying for mom, jesus and the  saints when this CD blasts off on my stereo. This is entertainment.
0380002930|5.0|This is one of those books that makes you glad to be human, and capable of reading something like this - of being part of a larger universe. I read this book when it first came out in paperback and the wonder of it never  left me. Years later I read it aloud to my son as I wanted him to know the  same joy I had experienced in finding this great book. It is truly one of  those &quot;must read&quot; classics. The premise did not thrill me at  first. A bunch of rabbits look for a new home? Come on, talk about childish  and trite! However once I read the book I wanted to run out and recommend  it to everyone I knew!
B00002Z88D|5.0|At 28 years old, I have followed Metallica since their conception many years ago.  When I heard of the S &amp; M project, I will admit I was excited as well as skeptical.  I am amazed at the growth these musicians  have achieved through their career.  The orchestra realized feelings and  imagery within Metallica's music previously unheard of.  The performance  sounds flawless and effortless.  I highly recommend this work to past  present and future Metallica fans.  WELL DONE!
044100590X|5.0|My dad gave me a copy of the first paperback edition of this book for my 13th birthday back in 1965. I just want to say now - thanks Dad. From the very first I could not put it down. Since that first reading I have read  the book at least a dozen times or more, and even read it aloud to my son  when he was about 10 years old (as a teenager he went on to re-read it on  his own).<br />This book is a classic, and I highly recommend it to anyone who  likes SF, or just like a darn good read in general. Interestingly enough I  never cared for anything else Frank Herbert wrote - but this one just blew  me away.
0385484518|5.0|I am eighteen years old, but I have done a lot of living.  Most of it started because I had to grow up and help take care of my mother and younger sister after my father died when I was fifteen.  He lost a three  year battle with cancer.  The knowledge gleaned from this marvelous book  has let me remember that I am young, and let me be &quot;fully  present&quot; in my age.  I'm glad I learned his lessons now, so that I may  see life through open eyes, no matter how long or short it may be.
B000005ZGZ|4.0|People give Fugazi heat for musically straying from punk convention. You know what? Those people are probably the same morons who, like the hesher interviewed in the film &quot;Instrument,&quot; like to recall Ian's glory days in Black Flag, whilst pronouncing his name wrong. Fugazi fly their  middle-finger flag, not only to the music industry, but also to the idiots  who think anything that strays from the four chords at 200 beats-per-minute  hardcore &quot;isn't punk rock, dude.&quot; (note: these are the same  people who have never even heard of the Minutemen or Big Black or Suicide). This album shows Fugazi at their best: when they're not  afraid to stray from the hardcore they helped pioneer. In fact, &quot;Five  Corporations&quot; and &quot;Place Position&quot; are the only heavy  Fugazi-style rockers here. Yeah, it's no &quot;Repeater,&quot; but thank  god that someone's figured out how to establish musical tension without  their veins sticking out of their necks, and is able to do so without being  horribly repetitive or boring. To my fellow post-punk enthusiasts: enjoy!  To all the &quot;punk rock&quot; morons: there are plenty of hardcore bands  that haven't changed their sound since 1983. Go take off your shirts and  violently mangle your sweaty friends in the pit, and let my friends and I  enjoy &quot;End Hits&quot; in peace.
B00000G3PA|1.0|The effects were truly spectacular. If that's what you look for in a movie, then this is a must-see. <br />If, however, you find yourself saying &quot;ya, right&quot; whenever a film takes liberties with the laws of  physics or if you expect a film to actually have a coherent storyline, then  save your money.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie is not a sequel to Jagged Little Pill. The title should give much of the album away. While Jagged Little Pill was about venting and expression, the lengthy nature of Junkie brings more  elements into play. Alanis accepts responsibility for her feelings, and  that is the best type of music. Only she could deliver an album that  everyone, regardless of age, race, or gender, can relate with if you give  the album a chance. I heard Uninvited first, then I bought Junkie. Only  after listening to that CD did I buy Jagged Little Pill. After hearing  Junkie it adds a new dimension to Little Pill; that Alanis is not just an  ambitous young woman with a clever knack for song writing. She does in fact  have feelings and emotions, wants and desires, just like everyone else in  the world. The fact that she chooses to share this with the world, and the  presentation of the material, makes the whole album convincing and sweetly  genuine. It's like she's talking to you as if you were her closest friend.  &quot;Thank U&quot; is an attempt to show appreciation for your support,  while &quot;Joining You&quot; is a first-person song saying she relates to  your deepest and darkest feelings, things you hardly talk about even with  your dearest friends. &quot;Unsent&quot; is a series of regrets helping the  listener and Alanis move on with life, the same with &quot;Sympathetic  Character.&quot; You will find mixed reviews on this album: either love or  hate. It does take time and a clear mind to apreciate these songs. If you  can do that, however, then you will walk away with a deeper understanding  of yourself and Alanis every time you listen.
B00000DG1R|5.0|A great collection. Their lyrics usually have something to relevant to say, and the music is quite upbeat without sounding superficial.
B000035Z2L|4.0|To anyone who enjoys cheap laughs, disgusting, yet familiar humor this is for you. To anyone else, cover your eyes, because this movie is one sight gag after another. The humor is definately adolescent, but we all remember  that time, the awkwardness, the movie just exagerates that about  hmmmmmmm......a hundred times fold. This movie rocks though, I don't  remember the last time I laughed so hard in a movie. So just enjoy it for  face value, because this is no Oscar contender, just sick fun........
B00000D9TQ|5.0|I've been sitting here reading these reviews of Phils music and there is always a few people who don't enjoy his music or rather, enjoy insulting it.  I loved this CD.  I'm only fourteen and I absolutely adore this CD.  I  used to only recognize his name, I had no idea what he looked like or what  he sounded like.  I finally found out when my friend brought over her copy  of the CD.  She accidentally left it at my house.  I listened to it under  the covers of my bed, letting the music wash over me.  I loved it and am  still loving it because my friend gave me a copy of it for my birthday.   And for all of you who haven't yet experienced the joy of Phil, get a CD.   Get any CD of his! After all, you really can't go wrong with Phil.
B0000214F3|5.0|One word to describe this movie is EXCELLENT.  I know a few critics do not agree, but they don't know a good film when they see it.  Todays movies lack the sensibility as movies from decades gone by, but MEET JOE BLACK  brings substance back into a film.  Very few films that are centered around  romance and conflict are presented in an intelligence manner.  They are  either targeted towards a particular audience, such as towards the women or  towards the men, but this film can be watched by anyone.<br />Though the  film is three hours long, those three hours go by real fast when you pay  attention to the plot lines.  I say lines because there are three events  going on at the same time:  Death on holiday(Brad Pitt) who wants to take  Bill Parrish(Anthony Hopkins) to the world beyond, the ongoing romance that  emerged with Susan Parrish(Clare Forlani) and Death--Joe Black, and the  company takeover.  Actually, there is a fourth minor plot, the finale with  Bill Parrish's Birthday gala.<br />The music score was excellent and quite  emotional at times, but very effective.  If you love movies with meaning,  you definitely must watch MEET JOE BLACK.  You don't have to be a romantic  to enjoy this film. It'll hit your heart naturally.
B000002JS6|1.0|Maybe they would be tolerable if they learned more than 3 chords
B00001QEE8|1.0|my advice is - dont bother!  this dvd is exacty it`s the same as the vhs version! .it is NOT dolby surround as stated but only stereo and there are no extras on the disc at all.the colour and sound are the same as the vhs  version-not re-mastered or enhanced at all for dvd.if you have it on vhs  dont waste your money!
B0000024JN|4.0|License to Ill is just one of the sickest albums of the Beastie Boys they kick some major booty.  Paul Revere with it's wicked bass and kickin lyrics who wouldn't want this under their christmas tree this year.
B00002E233|5.0|What the detractors of this film don't realise is that the film is, essentially, a SPOOF of the &quot;shark horror flick.&quot; The shark death sequence is the same as those in the &quot;Jaws&quot; films, and all the  &quot;survivor stereotypes&quot; are killed off. Acts of sacrifice and  altruism accomplish nothing, and only the PRAGMATIC characters survive,  even though they are hardly darlings. An excellent film, filled with jump  out of your seat, wet your knickers moments. Highly recommended!
B00000K2SE|5.0|When I first watched this movie, I thought that it was the best movie ever made. Today, I still believe it. With incredible special effects, a great plot, and excellent actors, the movie pulls you into the story. There is no  movie like it.
6303022901|5.0|I saw this in the seventh grade and didn't think it was so great until I got older and now that I understand it more and can relate to it more, I love it.  It crosses racial boundaries because even people that aren't  asian and went thru the &quot;experience&quot; love the movie. It explores  the deepest relationship between mothers/daughters and all the struggles we  go through together as women.  Altho this movie is great,I have to say that  in some ways this movie is biased against Chinese males, depicting them as  immoral and selfish but this isn't all true.  And in some aspect, it also  depicts asian women as &quot;naive and subservient&quot; which also is not  true.  Men are more dominant in asian cultures, but I think the movie  exaggerated a bit.  Although the movie is stereotypical in ways, I still  think it's great and will make you cry and cry a million times. If you ever  had parents that you never had an affectionate, expressive relation with,  you will love this movie because it will make you feel that no matter what  you become in life, your parents are truly proud of you and will always  love you altho this may sound corny!  It's a great movie though.. You have  to BUY it.
0800141628|5.0|I love this movie.  The plot is great, the acting is wonderful and River Phoenix is the best.
6304698798|4.0|The Transfer was very good; only one small glitch between reels. It was clear and crisp and in letterbox.<br />The sound was Center Speaker only (no surprise due to the age of the movie. <br />The content was  excellent.<br />Overall it was very well done.  As mentioned elsewhere there  are no added bonuses, but the DVD is still well worth purchasing.<br />It is  the same quality as the Laser Disc version.
B0000070SN|5.0|This album just seems to pick you up throw you about the room then sit you back in your seat. In a word FANTASTIC .
B00000K19E|4.0|Yeah, yeah, it &quot;rocked&quot;, but there were a few plot holes, and the end was pretty weak. Rather than making it a &quot;love story&quot; type ending, the Trinity character and her affection could have brought  resolution to the story, with more emphasis on helping &quot;the One&quot;  free his mind and over come the parameters of the Matrix instead of.. well,  you know, typical hollywood garbage.<br />If you suspend  disbelief and don't  actively search for fault, a pretty entertaining piece of work that  deserves the box office response it got. <br />Visually stunning, with what I  thought were pretty much seamless special affects, it did have it's moments  of thought provocation. <br />To some of the previous posters, the colors or  hues of the film were purposefully done, to differentiate between the  &quot;real&quot; world and the matrix.<br />But I loved the DVD. A great  example to &quot;show off&quot; the &quot;not haves&quot; or  &quot;tapeheads' the way of the future. A better than decent transfer,  loads of extra material, and great behind the scenes footage, intellegently  done, with the white rabbit and red pill options. <br />A great buy for an  example (not the absolute best, but pretty darn good) for the technical  aspects of DVD, a must buy for sci-fi, and techno freaks, a definite rent  for a Saturday night action fix.
B00001ZUGJ|4.0|I HAVE RENTED THE MATRIX ON VHS SEVERAL TIMES AND FINALLY BOUGHT A DVD PLAYER AND BOUGHT THE MATRIX DVD. I WAS HOWEVER DISAPPOINTED THAT IT ONLY CAME IN THE WIDE SCREEN FORMAT. NOT EVERYBODY CAN AFFORD A WIDESCREEN TV.   I HAVE A 50&quot; BIG SCREEN SO IT WAS TOLLERABLE.  ABOUT TEN MINUTES INTO  THE MOVIE YOU FORGET THE BLACK BARS ARE THERE, BUT YOU STILL ARE FOCUSED ON  THEM IN HOPES THAT THEY WILL DISAPPEAR.
0792156684|1.0|Great visuals, a technical achievement. HOWEVER...<br />The most well known sea disaster of all time, reduced to being told behind the telling of a fictional love story. An insult to the memories of  1500+ lives lost, we  had to be subjected to a ridiculous story about pitiful characters, none  having any interesting or socially redeeming characteristics.<br />I actually  got scared near the end, thinking as terrible as the basic story was, and  how Cameron was desperate to manipulate his audiance, maybe Jim, &quot;king  of the world&quot;, was going to pull off the ultimate emmbarassment and  have DiCrapio actually save the ship! Maybe I should give it an extra star  for at least sticking to that part of the true story.<br />And overly long.  Even my wife, who weeps at the hint of any theatrical heartbreak, was  asking after about 2 hours, &quot;Is this damn boat ever going to  sink?&quot;<br />What is amazing is the gullabilty of the American audiences.  That they would spend so much money on this tripe.<br />The DVD gets a 0  (zero) star, having nothing but the movie and a theatrical trailer. As  pompous as he is, would've figure Jim would have packed as much extra  material on &quot;how he did it&quot;, so much so to even make it a double  disc. After all didn't he spend $11 million diving down to the site himself  of the real Titanic? Hell, that would have been a better movie than this  stinker.
B00000IFWE|5.0|Tom Petty's newest album, Echo, is by far one of the best efforts in his long career. From the quick paced beat of &quot;Free Girl Now&quot; to the slower and melodic &quot;Room at the Top,&quot; Echo is a must have for all  Petty lovers.
0792156684|1.0|Great visuals, a technical achievement. HOWEVER...<br />The most well known sea disaster of all time, reduced to being told behind the telling of a fictional love story. An insult to the memories of  1500+ lives lost, we  had to be subjected to a ridiculous story about pitiful characters, none  having any interesting or socially redeeming characteristics.<br />I actually  got scared near the end, thinking as terrible as the basic story was, and  how Cameron was desperate to manipulate his audiance, maybe Jim, &quot;king  of the world&quot;, was going to pull off the ultimate emmbarassment and  have DiCrapio actually save the ship! Maybe I should give it an extra star  for at least sticking to that part of the true story.<br />And overly long.  Even my wife, who weeps at the hint of any theatrical heartbreak, was  asking after about 2 hours, &quot;Is this damn boat ever going to  sink?&quot;<br />What is amazing is the gullabilty of the American audiences.  That they would spend so much money on this tripe.<br />The DVD gets a 0  (zero) star, having nothing but the movie and a theatrical trailer. As  pompous as he is, would've figure Jim would have packed as much extra  material on &quot;how he did it&quot;, so much so to even make it a double  disc. After all didn't he spend $11 million diving down to the site himself  of the real Titanic? Hell, that would have been a better movie than this  stinker.
B00002Z88D|2.0|Well fellow metalheads, this is the end.  The band formerly known as Metallica is struggling so much right now to find a way to write decent songs.  So they've bombarded us with this one and disc one of Garage.  Both  of which have nothing new on it, and nothing that truly sounds like  Metallica as WE know it.  Not as MTV, the popular tennie-bopper or  middle-age establishment now knows Metallica, but as WE, METALHEADS know it   So in desperation they pull this stunt with the San Francisco Symphony.   It was bad enough to be there live and sit through it.  Plus to add insult  to more injury, the symphony is nothing more but a very big and live  synthizer to put the &quot;alternative&quot; twist to Metallica's new binge  of anything but metal. Geez, how much longer before my grandma thinks  Metallica is cool?
B000001F84|1.0|I love guitar music, but I couldn't get past the whiny vocals.  They are horrible.  I would like to know who taught the lead singer how to sing.  He is pathetic.
0694009792|5.0|We don't have fights over bedtime in our house. I credit our routine, of which &quot;Good Night Moon&quot; is a big part. This has been the last book my two-year-old daughter and I have read every night for the last 18  months. The end of this book, &quot;Good night noises everywhere&quot;,  means it's time to go to bed and it works every time.<br />The wonderful  illustrations allow us plenty of time to point out and name things in the  room. And, as the room gets progressively darker, don't be too surprised if  your eyelids get heavy along with your child's!<br />Our highest  recommendation!
0385484518|5.0|Even though I'm on page 50, I can tell u that so far it's a great book.  I'm 12 so it's for any age group(12+).
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona Apple is the most amazing singer/song writer that I have ever heard.  I have her first album and I still listen to it all the time, and this one is equally great if not better!   Fiona sings with her soul and I hope  you buy this awesome CD!
0374172897|5.0|This is easily the best book I have read in a long long time. It is astonishingly beautiful. When I finished reading, I couldn't get up, I was so stunned by the quiet beauty, the gorgoeus writing, by the way his story  crept inside me so deeply that I feel changed by the experience of reading  it.
0767840135|4.0|What a treat to find this video of the only Cirque Show I have seen in person!  Recorded in Amsterdam, all of my favorite acts were there (and this time, with a closeup, even better than being there).  My only  complaint was certain performances got an artsy treatment (like the act  with the wheel) but other than that, a fabulous video.
1572522232|5.0|And it's true. Even though this is my second review, I didn't get all I wanted to say into my last review. Since it was like the same day I saw it, I hadn't done the research I have done lately. And now I want to share that  research with you. Suspiria came from the book &quot;Confessions of an  Opium Eater&quot; by Thomas De Quicy. In the book, The Three Mothers were  said to own three houses of witchcraft across the world. Daria Nicolodi,  Dario Argento's girlfriend at the time, told him about a finishing school  where her grandmother once went where black magic was practiced after dark.  This was the inspiration for the Tanz Akademie in Suspiria. Dario used  outdated color film to make the brilliant and flowing colors more vivid and  powerful. Since he used all, he could never use it again in another film.  With its colors, terror, and sheer power, Suspiria is a classic. If you  have not been exposed to the wonderful world of Dario Argento, see this  film. Now! Note: I also reccomend: Phenomena, Tenebre, Inferno and Deep  Red.
0792151712|5.0|Lately, people have been snubbing Titanic probably because they saw it 13 times in the theater. But after taking a break from it and then watching it on HBO one night, I realized what I saw in it the first time! So it's  melodramatic, so some things are like a soap opera, but it's entertaining!  Though I found some of the romantic situations impossible and unlogic, I  looked past it to the splendor of the sets and costumes, the special  effects, the historic facts... It was all beautiful, very worthy of the  Oscars it won! I find the second part of the film a mastepiece (with the  exception of a few romantic episodes left over from the first half). It  showed not only our beloved Rose and Jack struggling for their lives, but  all of the passengers. Since we had gotten to know some of the characters  so well, there is great sorrow for all those poor lives lost. It is  magnificent and shows those who died and survived that night with the  recognition they deserve. Overlooking the impossibilites, you still have to  admit, it was romantic and we'd all like to meet our Jack or Rose...If you  enjoyed Titanic, I would recommend Gone With the Wind (1939) and my  personal favorite, Doctor Zhivago (1965), which is another romantic epic  set during the Russian Revolution.
B00000IOSU|4.0|This is, no doubt, Sarah's best album in the history of her career. Since her debut, I liked her music - but this CD is great. You'll like this CD. It's not a one-hit-wonder either. You'll like lots of these tracks.
B000021XR5|4.0|The first time I heard the single &quot;Down&quot;, I thought to myself, this sucks!  For I was expecting another huge step from the band like &quot;Core&quot; to &quot;Purple&quot; to &quot;Tiny Music...&quot;  but the back step is not what I'd expect.  I gave it a try by buying the album  even though I only listened to one song which is the 1st single.  To my  surprise, the album turned out a great come-back because it showed the  bands maturity and polished sound suited for its loud songs. unlike  &quot;Core&quot;, the sound wasn't tight enough.  <br />So what are you  waiting for? Buy it!   <br />If you're wondering why I rated 4 stars only  instead of 5 when I liked the album so much, the reason is as a  musician/songwriter myself, I noticed Weiland's repetitive lyrics all over  the album. The lyrics are good but short. He should've added more lines.   Thats where the last star lies!
B00000J7J4|4.0|As a big music fan, I need to let everyone out there know that this is a great CD that pretty much anyone will love. There is something for everyone! Perfect gift for Christmas or birthdays. I give this CD 4 stars,  a very nice job, but not among my favorites.
B000001F7R|5.0|This album sounds a lot like Led Zeppelin and AC/DC.  The riffs kick ass and everything sounds a lot more raw than their later stuff.  The vocals  sound like Robert Plant sometimes, and Steve's solos rock.  If you like  great 70s metal, buy this album.
B000002UD0|5.0|Great Lennon album here. Many classics such as Whatever Gets You through the night,Surprise Surprise,and my favorite Lennon solo track #9 Dream. This is a must get for fans. Buy It!
B000002BFL|5.0|buy it, but only if you are willling to listen to it several times before making any judgement...all the negative reviews on here seem to make similar reference to &quot;Youngstown&quot; as the only song worth  listening to...so, if you want radio fodder, stay away from this one...but  if you want something quiet to listen to that will grow with you for a long  time, try it...&quot;Across the border&quot; is simply stunning and one of  Springsteen's best...
0525457585|5.0|When I was younger I was enchanted by this glorious tale of strange creatures and stories that never end...Then I decided to invest in the paperback...Let me just tell you, the book is SO much greater and much more polished then any of the movies, and it explains more about Bastian and his  friends than the tip-of-the-iceburg movies do, either.  I am now the proud  owner of a first-edition mint copy (english)!  I recommend it to EVERYONE  with vision and imagination!  Enjoy it!  Savor it!  *^_^*
B000000OU6|4.0|First of all this album was for the real fans of GNR, if you didn't like them to begin with, why would buy Slash's solo album?  Slash must have some talent for a 10+year career.  I am a big fan of Slash, and say if you  thought his guitar playing in GnR was a fluke all along (you people in  Maine and Europe), why did you buy his solo album, doesn't make much sense  does it?  Musical ingnorance for all of the slash-bashers out there.   looking forward to the next solo album!
B00000K19E|5.0|As I said above, this movie is awesome.  The special effects are unbelievable and demonstrate new technologies in movie-making that will change the way movies are made and watched forever to come.  Get this movie  on DVD if you can!
B00000J6AG|4.0|I like the CD. I found a real interesting way to be a part of Moby's music by mixing your own version of body rock at beatnik.com.
6305364613|3.0|Romeo and Juliet is a great work, not because only of the story it tells, but because of the beauty of the language with which it tells that story. A Beethoven symphony is great work, not because only of the musical themes  and how they are arranged but because of the perfection of the  orchestration.<br />Now if a cast cannot do justice to Shakespeare's words or  an orchestra cannot do justice to Beethoven's music, we have to consider  the result a failure. I can't see any disagreement so far.<br />Now if Spike  Jones does a spoof a Beethoven work, we laugh and accept it for what it is:  a humorous attempt that uses Beethoven but does not pretend to BE  Beethoven. It is not quite clear to me exactly what this movie is setting  out to do. Certainly it trying to tell a timeless story set in modern  times. So far, so good. Picture now a junior high school band trying to  play a very difficult work. In both cases the persons involved simply  cannot handle the very thing that makes the work great: here the speaking  of the verse, there the playing of the music.<br />If the purpose of this film  was to get an audience to see (at least) the story and get some idea of the  language--an audience that would not ordinarily see the original--then it  has succeeded very nicely. But it is not Shakespeare any more than any one  of the several film versions of Dracula is Dracula, or Frankenstein  Frankenstein, and so on.<br />It is interesting to see that many reviews that  do not praise the stars are voted &quot;not helpful.&quot; We really need a  third choice: disagree.
6305513406|5.0|While it's true that Paramount could have crammed more episodes on to this disk, the situation is not as horrible as some reviewers might have you believe. Compared to the original VHS release of the episodes, the DVD  release is still a good deal. Even on Amazon, the VHS tapes of the show are  11.99 each, and on the tapes you get only one episode. The DVD, on the  other hand, even at the full price of 19.99, would still come out to 10  bucks per episode, which is less per-episode than the VHS version. And at  Amazon's price of 13.99, it's only 7 bucks per episode. Add to that the  fact that the DVD comes with added goodies, such as the original TV  previews and trailers, and the DVD looks better and better. <br />Yes, two  episodes could have been put on the VHS tapes, and several on the DVD disc.  Nevertheless, for true fans, it's still a great deal. I just wish they'd  come out and release them all!
B000005J56|5.0|This is an album of great delicacy and power, recorded with a reverence for the music and the musicians, in which every musician's humor and grace is allowed to shine through. For those who claim there are better records  of son music out there--maybe. But how many have done as much for this kind  of music? None. Especially magical is the fact that this group could easily  never have happened were it not for a few people with the dedication to see  that it did. The story behind this album is as inspiring as the music.  These tracks have a little something for everyone: melancholy, laughter,  power and grandeur.  Shame on those reviewers slamming Ry Cooder, as if he  were just another &quot;musical imperialist,&quot; a slick showbiz creep  exploiting these musicians, as if he weren't one of the most tasteful and  versatile players in the world today. Let's make one thing perfectly clear:  it took many wonderful people to make this record, but without Ry Cooder,  it would never have had this kind of success. And shame on the goofus who  breaks down the profit distribution for the record--as if he knows!(sad  little person). If you see the inspiring film made about this group, you'll  see the look on their faces as they play Carnegie Hall--80 year old men  whose dreams are coming true! Not to mention most of these musicians are  now touring elsewhere and enjoying music careers for the first time in 30  years.  They haven't gone back to poverty and obscurity--and they are more  than happy to hear Cooder's slide guitar!
B000002UB3|5.0|It's hard to believe that the Fab Four created this after the Get Back/Let It Be sessions.  If you listen to Let It Be before Abbey Road, then you'll know what I'm talking about.  It's amazing, because the Let It Be album is  full of sloppy playing, lackluster production, and tension between the  group.  You would think this would be the last album.  But then, you listen  to Abbey Road and are amazed by the brilliance of it.  It's one of their  most solid efforts and it's definitely one of the greatest albums of all  time. The two sides to this album are very different in the way they're  formatted.  The first side of some of their classic hits like &quot;Come  Together,&quot; &quot;Something&quot; (Harrison's first A-side single), and  &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot;.  There are three other particular  highlights of side one. &quot;Oh! Darling&quot;, a bluesy McCartney tune  which he had to &quot;train&quot; his voice to sing. One of my personal  favorites, &quot;I Want You (She's So Heavy)&quot;, in which you hear  Lennon screaming/singing the title of the song over and over with a pulsing  guitar lick.  This is also the longestBeatles composition, discounting  &quot;Revolution 9&quot;.  Then there's &quot;Because&quot;, a brilliant  piece of harmony.  This is some of the group's best harmonizing ever  recorded.  There are two other tracks on this album that I consider to be  criminally underrated.  Those are &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot;, a  catchy, interesting McCartney tune; and &quot;Octopus's Garden&quot;, a  happy Ringo tune with a catchy piano. Now we get to the brilliantside two.   This part of the album consists of two medleys.  It's basically a bunch of  songs put together into one, but yet they fit so well, it almost makes it  sound like a concept album.  It begins with the Lady Madonna-esque  &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money&quot; and ends brilliantly with  &quot;The End&quot; which ironically fits with the groups demise.  This  medley is one ofmy all-time favorite Beatle's moments.   It you're a music  fan at all, then this album is a MUST-have.  It's a brilliantly crafted  masterpiece.
0679746048|5.0|I LOVED this book.  While it did not have the technical explanations I was expecting, I found the emotional view to be even better.  I feel that I got more insight into having mental illness by this book than I could have  gotten by reading textbook definitions.  Kaysen's insights into borderline  personality disorder and several other diseases truly gave mental illness a  face.  I feel that this is a book that anyone should read if they are  looking for an emotional rather than factual view of people with mental  illnesses.
B000002J1L|5.0|There are two types of Genesis fans: pre Gabriel and Post Gabriel. If you like sell-out &quot;pop&quot;ular music, listen to post-Gabriel Phil Collins Genesis. If you like good progressive tunes (that weren't written  to make money of hit the charts, but for the love of really good music),  then Gabriel-era Genesis is for you. Listen to &quot;Genesis Live&quot;,  &quot;Nursery Cryme&quot;, and &quot;Foxtrot&quot;.
B00000J8EK|5.0|i have been a long time fan of the chemical brothers and and this album ties as their best w/ &quot;dig yr own hole&quot;.  the chems begin to drift away from the block rockin' big beat sound which characterized their  1st 2 albums and the &quot;brothers gonna work it out&quot; mixtape.   instead, they pay tribute to the acid house days of the late 80s, with a  late 90s twist.  &quot;out of control&quot; is the best acid house anthem  that never happened, and much of the album reminds me very much of primal  scream.  few dance groups are able to evolve in the way the chems have, and  few have the talent to release one great album in their careers, let alone  two.
B000031XCR|5.0|My dad got me this cd for my birthday and I loved it! Some of the sogs you remember like &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot;, &quot;Because You Loved Me&quot;, and many more. She has a beautiful voice that goes perfectly with the songs. Even my dad whose a country freak loves it! Thanks Celine!
B000000W6X|4.0|this cd is excellent, but you should start with blue lines if you've never owned a massive attack cd.  this album is initially less accessible, but ultimately after a few listens it hooks you.  reccommended for late nights  and big come downs.  maybe the best &quot;Chill out&quot; album ever.
B000002AGE|2.0|I bought the album used after hearing that I might like Weather Report, and after listening I found out that I didn't like Weather Report much at all.  While the album is pretty innovative for the times, the music just  doesn't speak to me and sounds too electronic.  There are some songs I like  on this album, but also quite a few that I don't.  While this album is  somewhat decent, I'd much rather listen to many other artists for my  jazz/fusion intake.
B000009QPG|5.0|this is by far there best album ..instant faves dead skin maks ,skeletons of society and title track its a must have if ya don't have  it ...there new stuff aint half as good as the older stuff like this after this album  they aren't as good there okay not as good if you want slayer go for the  older albums
B00000ICN5|5.0|Stevie Ray's first album comes out smoking, wheather you like the hits songs (like Pride and Joy or Love Struck Baby) or the lesser knowns (like Lenny or Dirty Pool), this album really delivers.  The live bonus tracks  top the cd of with some great songs both released and unrelesed till now.
B00000FCBC|5.0|Metallica has a very creative mind for music, and this album shows it! They take songs such as Turn the Page and Whiskey in the Jar and give it a complete face lift. The thing is you can still recognize the song, that is  something only a few bands can do.<br />The 1st disc's great songs:All are  great IMHO but It's Electric, Turn the Page, Die, Die, Die My Darling,  Loverman, Mercyful Fate, Astronomy, and Whiskey in the Jar stand out the  most.<br />Disc 1's not so great songs: The only one I can think of is  Tuesdays Gone, that's only because it is a Lynard Skynard song not a  Metallica type song, still enjoyable.<br />Disc 2's great songs: ALL!  Stone  Cold Crazy, So What!, Last Caress, Am I Evil, the list goes on!<br />Disc 2's  not so great songs: None of them except for some of the Motorheadache songs  that were done live, that is only because sometimes you can't hear the  lyrics.<br />Definately worth the buy for old and new fans alike! Long live  Metallica!
B00001ODGR|5.0|What a live performance,it sound like the original sound tracks. It's a great dvd with exceptional sound (dolby 5.1) and camera work.It's like the show i have seen in august 96 in the beautiful city of Qubec.I wish in the  future there will be more music dvds to be produced with great sound and  performance like Styx in Return to Paradis
B000000OQF|5.0|Guns n Roses was truly the last great American Rock Band and this is truly one of the best CDs ever made.  Even though i own thousands of Cds this one always finds a way to sneak back into my player.  There is absolutely no  filler here, the first chords of the classic &quot;Jungle&quot; will grab  your attention and it will not let go until you here the final sounds of  Axl's voice fade away on the beautiful Rocket Queen. When i hear any song  from this Cd it &quot;takes me away to a special place&quot;. If you do not  buy this CD you are truly missing out of a piece of American rock history.
B000002P72|5.0|B.B. King with his dearest, Lucille in action at the club The Regal.  It is an absolutely incredible album in which you get drawn into further and further after each track. B.B.'s playing is top shelf and his audience  surely lets him know. It is the raucous crowd that is audible during the  whole show that seems to rub its excitement onto the listener. Anyway, this  is a fantastic album that truly exemplifies how good a live blues album can  really be.  It is an album that is essential listening for any blues fan of  any genre.
0385474547|1.0|i had to read this for a lit class...the writer is only famous because he is a minority.  The babar books are better written than this.  If you want to immitate hemmingway, at least TRY and do it withought sounding like a  3rd grader.
6304779356|5.0|This movie rates as one of the all-time greatest vampire movies in my DVD collection.  The effects were out standing.  The plot was very creative.  And the acting was second-to-none.  &quot;The Lost Boys&quot; gets my vote  for favorite movie of all-time.
0312952813|4.0|After reading the black echo, I found the black ice a more consistent story, far more interesting and credible. This time Harry is driven down to the US- Mexican border in his quest to solve a drug related crime of an  anti-narcotics unit cop who apparently crossed to the bad side of the line.  Harry, stubborn, bright and cunning makes his own decisions, shows a little  quota of contempt and rebels himself against his bosses making him an  example of self determination and a character of his own.<br />In my opinion,  this work would have been a little bit better if in some chapters action  were slowed down in exchange for more suspense, adding bogus elements,  scary episodes and false clues to confuse and frighten the reader moving  him down to the edge of his chair, Nevertheless, the book is compelling,  original, very graphic, entertaining and though keeping on a main line of  investigation all the way along, ends with a master twist (the best) that  almost knocked me off my own chair showing the top quality of Mr. Connelly  as a crime writer
0783237979|4.0|Is it just me, or does the audio track on the DVD version seem much slower in terms of tempo and slighter flatter in terms of pitch than the VHS version or the version I saw on PBS.  Even when comparing the tempo of the  audio on &quot;The Making&quot; section of this DVD, the audio in the main  production section seems sluggish.<br />Aside from that, and the constant  &quot;MTV&quot; type editing (which by the way drives me crazy since the  camera doesn't seem to stay on one image for more than 2 seconds), I  enjoyed this production, especially the music.
0780627024|5.0|This movie was very good and funny.  I liked it a lot.  The cast was put together well. Anyone will like this movie.  Go buy it!
0875428940|5.0|While I personally love the Robin Wood Tarot Deck and use it for my most personal and intimate readings, I can understand how some people don't like it. It is a very Pagan deck, containing ancient Pagan and Wiccan  associations. It has no Egyptian or Christian or Medieval symbolism. Here  is a short list of alternate Tarot decks that contain specific  symbolism:<br />Medieval:Tarot de Marseilles<br />Christian:Rider-Waite or  Universal Waite<br />Egyptian:Alestair Croweley Thoth Tarot Deck<br />Native  American: Santa Fe Tarot<br />Blessed Be!
B00000IQV7|3.0|PATCH ADAMS is a &quot;feel good&quot; movie based on true chracters and incidents. The performances are all quite fine, often moving. Occassionally I had the feeling my emotions were being manipulated. The screenplay is  familiar in that it presents a unconventional chracter ostracized by his  assocaites who then must prove his unconventional ways to society. For me,  the performers make this movie enjoyable. Other than that, I found the  movie pleasant but predicable. Certainly worth watching. Except for a few  crude words, it is good family viewing. True fans will want to buy the DVD  Collector's edition. The DVD includes a brief 18 minute documentary  featuring the real Patch Adams, along with Mark Sharman's isolated score  (which I enjoyed), commentary, trailers, brief outakes and production  notes.
B000002HH9|4.0|Labeling The Cure as a goth band and being disappointed that they aren't putting out &quot;goth albums&quot; is completely ignorant. The Cure didn't start out as a goth band, just listen to Boys Don't Cry. If you only want  the dark side of The Cure, buy Pornography or Disintegration. If you want  the Cure in all their bipolar madness, check out any of their other albums.   Wild Mood Swings opens with the dark, guitar-heavy track &quot;Want.&quot;  It's reminiscent of &quot;The Kiss,&quot; the first track on Kiss Me, Kiss  Me, Kiss Me. &quot;Want&quot; is as ferocious as a tornado, with the most  profound and self-realizing lyrics I've ever heard: However hard I want/I  know deep down inside/I'll never have any more hope/or any more time. It  moves into &quot;Club America&quot;, a standard rock tune, then goes into  &quot;This is a Lie&quot;, another great song. &quot;The 13th&quot; works  extremely well, given that it sounds so different from anything they've  done before. &quot;Strange Attraction&quot;, with its happy vibraphone  melody, is good, and &quot;Mint Car&quot; is probably the most insanely  happy Cure song ever. &quot;Jupiter Crash&quot; is dark and brooding, and  probably the last really good song on the album. The remaining tracks are  average, not groundbreaking stuff, but overall, it's definitely worth  picking up.
6305311463|1.0|I didn't see this movie when it was released in theaters.  I'd just bought a new receiver for my home theater system when I saw Armageddon as a Criterion release in the local video store.  Since I already own several  Criterion editions I thought I'd give it a shot and buy it - I mean, I  reasoned, they wouldn't put it out if it was all that bad, would they?   Well, I've learned a lesson.  This is one of *the* worst movies I've ever  seen.  I was holding my face in my hands at points in this film in  embarassment.  There are tons of jokes - I didn't laugh at any of them.   Early on I DID laugh at how many cliches there are, and how many things are  directly stolen from The Abyss and Aliens and...well, any  big-special-effects blockbuster ever, but I don't think they meant this to  be a source of humor.  The special effects are not special nor are they  imaginative.  The talent wasted here is a crime - the cast is stuck playing  some of the most one-dimensional characters I have ever seen.  <br />I bought  this expecting a dumb, fun movie - I love a good dumb, fun movie.   Armageddon is just painfully dumb and embarassing. I felt embarassed for  Bruce Willis, for Ben Affleck, for Billy Bob, for Steve Buscemi, for myself  for buying it.  What makes this such a bad film is the waste of potential  and lack of imagination.  It's just no fun. There is not one surprise in  the film - five minutes in you will know everything that will follow.  The  next 140 minutes will be torture.  Make sure you've already seen it before  you buy.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I'm not the biggest Metallica fan, but I have heard some of their songs and after recieving this album as a present I've got to say it's one of the best live albums I've ever heard.  It's not just 21 songs, it's the entire  mood and feel of the cd, like 21 short stories are being told. The songs  are long, which some might not like because they're either impatient or  inappreciative, but the compliation of Symphony and Metallica is  wonderful!   This will be a really good gift for those who are fans of  Metallica and rock but NOT the &quot;greatest&quot; for those who are fans  of punk music.  There are two NEW Metallica songs on this cd as well, so  it's a MUST BUY for any Metallica fan.   &quot;Master Of The Puppets&quot;,  &quot;Enter The Sandman&quot;, &quot;Devil's Dance&quot;, and &quot;No Leaf  Clover&quot;, I feel are the best songs on the album.
0767819594|1.0|I have to imagine most of these reviews are flooding in from the buffy crowd or it's like.  From a fairly objective point of view this movie blows goats, pardon my french.  Card board characters, possibly decent plot met  with horrible acting and writing execution, etc etc etc.  To be fair, not  all the acting is terrible and I imagine much of Roger Kumble's direction  and editing did its fair share to smash perfomances to the hollow, bratty,  unimaginitive level that there at.  That all said, I still love Reese  Witherspoon.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Darwinism....... Water....... Oxygen..... S&amp;M......<br />all these are essential to evolution..... A SHEAR MASTERPIECE!
B00000K19E|5.0|The Movie [The Matrix] Contained on the VHS format is excellant,however I am really disapointed about the dvd edition.I recently purchased a dvd player and was blown away by the picture.How ever when I purchased The  Matrix I discovered that the only format in which I could watch it in was  wide screen.It, for some reason does not give you the option to watch it in  both the normal full screen formats and wide screen formats as all my other  dvd's .This is very puzzling to me and therefore I have written to Warner  re this topic.To me it denies the full appreciation of the movie in DVD  with wide screen being your only option.I have a large 57inch projection  T.V. but I still can barely see the picture.To me it seems like the  boarders encompas more of the screen then the actual picture.My suggestion  to future buyers would be that if Warner does not come out with an optional  wide and normal full screen format,then stay clear of the DVD version and  be content with purchasing the VHS version. T.F.
0440131480|3.0|Three stars is a good rating for me.  Rarely do I give 4 or more.  That said, I thought the first 2/3 of this book was absolutely hysterical.  Yes, it was juvenile.  Yes, it was even infantile at times, but it was fun.  If you're looking for a light hearted read, and you like satire, then this is  the book for you.  Vonnegut has the ability to make us laugh at what we  are, when most would waddle in the misery and wretchedness of human  behavior.  A WARNING: this is not a book for the politically correct.
B00000J7J4|5.0|the cd is great.  i think that the best song of 99 is &quot;smooth&quot;.  It has been #1 for 10 weeks.  i also like the everlast song &quot;put your lights on&quot;
6305603847|5.0|If you are a fan or have even listened to the lyrics of Pink Floyd this is a must have for your collection. For all those that havent heard of Pink Floyd, open your horizons to some music with an incredible story behind it.
B000002UAR|5.0|If you ever wondered why the Beatles are generally regarded as the greatest band ever, you need not look any further than &quot;Revolver&quot; for proof.  NO ONE had dared to venture into the places they went on this  album.  This means that &quot;Revolver&quot; marked a historic moment in  the evolution from pop to rock music.  Some say &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; was  the moment when pop became rock and rock music was finally regarded an art  form.  That may be true, but what the Beatles did on &quot;Sgt.  Pepper&quot; came only at the expense of what they did on  &quot;Revolver&quot;.   This is the album that introduced the music world  to acid rock (songs like &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; and &quot;I'm  Only Sleeping&quot;.)  The Beatles were never tighter as a band than at  this period.  Remember that &quot;Paperback Writer&quot; was recorded  during these sessions and released as a single.  Listen to the harmony and  musical arrangements.  The Beatles are, in a word, perfect.  No one came  close, and no one ever will. Highlights on this album include  &quot;Taxman&quot;, a perfect opener and also a historic moment in that it  marks the emergence of George Harrison as a serious songwriter.   &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;, &quot;Here There and Everywhere&quot; and  &quot;For No One&quot; are Paul McCartney classics (the latter might be the  best song on the album and one of his greatest ever).   I know, your'e  probably saying, &quot;I never heard of these songs.&quot;  That's because  this album was too ahead of its time and didn't get the recognition it  deserved.  It still doesn't get the airplay it should.  Do yourself a favor  and buy this record and I promise you'll be convinced that the Beatles were  the greatest.  They tackle almost every form of music here and do it with  almost sickening ease.  Everything they touched turned to gold.  This is,  without question, the greatest (AND MOST IMPORTANT) album ever made.   Everything that came after (the psychedelic scene, acid rock, alternative  rock) owes alleigance to this album.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This is the best CD I have. Corey Taylor's insane lyrics give this CD a thrash metal sound. Most of my friends agree with me that they are the best band and probably the best songs are (Sic) and Eyeless. If you like any  type of metal, this is a must buy!
B00000IPAX|1.0|hi, blink 182 used to be good, now look at them. you see all those preppy abercrombie and fich kids with this cd. the songs on this cd all suck. BLINK-182 call themselves punk rock, yet put there stuff on MTV and commercial radio. if you want some quality blink get buddah
B00000K2SC|5.0|If you want to see a thriller, action, sci-fi movie then this is perfect for you! Even if you aren't a fan of these genres you will still appreciate this movie a lot! The Matrix is the best film i've seen in many years! SEE  IT!
B000031XCR|3.0|I purchased this cd with the hope of hearing Celines strong vocal ability shine through, but unfortunately, with the exception of 1 of her new song, the other 6 new songs were slow and lacked the power and emotion that  Celine usally demands.  I did find her remake of The First Time ever I Saw  Your Face, extremely pleasing to my ear.  This is what I had hoped for from  the whole album.  Her old songs I guess made up for what the new ones  lacked.
6302759110|5.0|I am a vampire enthusiast and I have to say that this movie is BY FAR the best vampire movie ever made--the costumes were beautiful, the scenery magic, and the effects awesome.  I agree that this movie is different from  the original novel, but the movie is so much more tragic and romantic and  interesting.  I especially enjoyed Sadie Frost's (Lucy's) performance; I'm  sad to not have seen her in any other movie since.  I also enjoyed Ryder's  performance (of course!).  So if you're thinking about buying this, BUY  IT!
B000002TYX|5.0|Since this was not yet the era of much of the Beatles' studio exprimentation, don't expect the same kind of revelations you will find on &quot;Anthology 2.&quot; And yet there is plenty to please here, from the  era when the Beatles were a good live band (yes they were) and also a  period of amazing professional focus and rich songrwiting development. (The  earliest known recordings of the group, as well as an unearthed demo by  George Harrison called &quot;You Know What to Do&quot; are of particular  interest for completists.) Listen to the Beatles hard at work here, as they  both power their way through rockn'roll standards (adding new life to them)  and work briskly in the studio, effortlessly discovering the right feel for  songs like &quot;I'll Be Back&quot; and &quot;Eight Days a Week.&quot;  Facinating, great fun, and Beatle fans should rejoice that this was  released. As for &quot;Free As a Bird,&quot; I find it uplifting. The  Beatles have always brought me joy, and I thank them.
B00000AFFF|5.0|I have to confess that i didnt really enjoy the album very much at the beginning. However I knew it was just a matter of time before i could understand it. Five days after, i was intire dominated by &quot;Painted  from Memory&quot;. It could sound very usual but i never felt something so  special for a record in my life. You could tell me Im too young and not  Heartbroken enough to feel the songs the way it should be and ill tell you  that you could be right, but thats why i think the album is so strong. The  feelling is universal and clear even for a person who doesnt really been  there. And more, Im a heavy metal fan so a lot of people i know would  laugh at my face if they could see me singing &quot;Such Unlike  Lovers&quot;, for instance.  Talking about the record all I could say  is: all the songs have a unique meaning, theyre are complex, elegant, full  of spirit  - defintively all the things the word &quot;beatiful&quot; could  mean. The melodies are the most brilliant and wonderful that ive ever  listened to (even talking about Burt Bacharach). The lyrics are precise and  each word makes the message stronger (something that Elvis Costello really  understands). In &quot;Painted from memory&quot;, all the feelings are the  deepest feelings that could be shown in an album. From the powerfull  &quot;In the Darkest Place&quot;, the intelligence of &quot;Toledo&quot;,  the impact of &quot;I still have that other girl&quot;, the loneliness of  &quot;The House is Empty Now&quot;, (and im felling very guilty that i  didnt talk about all the titles) the album is fantastic and the greatest  record I know. I would like that everybody who allready listened to  &quot;Painted from Memeory&quot; could feel what i feel when the Cd is  playing.
B000002C1X|5.0|I HAVE BEEN A FAN OF PINK FLOYD FOR A LONG TIME,AND I NEVER GET TIRED OR BORED LISTENING TO THE WALL.A GRIPPING STORY OF A ROCK STAR GOING MAD WHEN HE NO LONGER CAN CONTROL HIS SCARRED MEMORIES.WITH EACH SONG YOU CAN ALMOST  SEE AND DEFINETLY FEEL HIS SLOW GRUELING SPIRAL DOWN A TOTAL MENTAL  NIGHTMARE WHICH HE NEVER RETURNS.NOT TO MANY ALBUMS TELL A STORY OR EVEN  COME CLOSE TO A CLASSIC ROCK MASTERPIECE LIKE THE WALL.A MUST FOR ANY CD  LIBRARY.
0671027344|5.0|I just wanted to write this review because I had noticed not as many 5 stars has I had thought, or hoped.  In my opinion, this was a great book.  Charlie's freshman year sums up pretty much all of my high school years, so  if this book isn't realistic maybe it's because so much happened in one  year.  If it is still not from that perspective, what did YOU do in high  school!   Because Charlie and I seem to be on the same level, maybe that's  unusual.  I also bought some of the books Charlie was &quot;assigned&quot;,  which was great because I got an honest opinion on many of the classics out  there.
6301969294|5.0|The first time I saw this movie, circa 1969, I was disappointed.  I felt it was melodramatically presented, in black and white, and in two hours it was an injustice to the novel's power and grandeur.  The actors did not  seem to measure up, or buy in, to the characters they portrayed.  This  movie review, thirty years ago, would have rated &quot;The  Fountainhead&quot; as, at best, two stars.  It was a definite embarassment  to most Ayn Rand devotees at the time.<br />The five star rating I give the  movie today, thirty years and numerous viewings later, is a very personal,  indivdualized one.  Through these eyes,   &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; is  enormously moving, well-cast and very well portrayed, if you're the kind of  person who relates to: (1) the struggle between integrity and conformity in  our private and business lives  (2) the travails of entrepreneurship  and  perseverance in the face of spirit crushing adversity  (3) the belief that  there is definable difference between good and evil, and that it is really  possible for the former to prevail.  <br />Several of Gary Cooper's scenes as  Howard Roark are profoundly memorable:  (1)  when he refuses money from  Peter Keating after showing him he was down to his last few cents  (2) when  he walks out on the munificent offer from the bank board to build a  mutation of his bank design (3) the party scene when Dominique discovers  the quarry worker she had obsessed over was Roger Enright's architect,  Howard Roark.  <br />There's more.  Great camera angles, strong dialogue from  the supporting cast, especially Ellsworth Toohey.<br />Summarily, the  director, screenplay people and actors did a magnificent job within the two  hour confines of making a riveting movie.  But if you're looking for a  verbatim reproduction of the book, or you have an aversion to Ayn Rand's  message of individual creativism and freedom, this one's not for you!
B00001YXH5|3.0|I saw this performance on pay-per-view and absolutely fell in love! I had never seen a Cirque performance before and was totaly mesmerized. Buying this for my father-in-law, I expected the same amazing show.   Unfortunately, the video rendition suffers from terribly distracting camera  work and the best acts are cut very short.  However, for one who has never  seen a Cirque performance it is still worth watching. I can only hope their  future videos are more representative of their live shows.
B00003A9QL|5.0|Awesome Power.....The extremes that both Metallica and SFSO utilize to push the limits of Metallica songs was amazing.  For those people who question whether there should be an orchastra behind Metallica, need to get  a grip and buy &quot;Binge &amp; Purge&quot;.  We didn't need another  Metallica &quot;live&quot; CD, we needed this CD!  Where Metaliica can push  the outer limits for their existing fans and bridge the gap for new fans,  is the reason for this CD.  This CD rocks and is now on my &quot;If I were  stuck on a desert island, with a CD player and unlimited Batteries&quot;  List.  Metallica is the best band at Y2K, case closed......
B00000J7J4|5.0|When Smooth was first released on the Radio, I really did not like it.  It was so un-Santana like (and I am a long hard avid fan) that I was taken aback.  However, if you can get past what you EXPECT from Santana, then you  will find that he, as usual, gave his all, and this album is no exception.  <br />Santana has a history of bringing world artists together to make music  history. This album, while different than his others, is no exception. Even  the song Smooth has become my favorite song to dance to in the privacy of  my living room! <br />For those that enjoyed the new age lyrics in his last  two albums you won't be dissapointed in this one either.  In addition, the  eroticism of his music shines through here as well.  I highly recommend  this album for any Santana fan.
0393964582|5.0|Mary Shelley's early 1818 text of Frankenstein is free of the revisions she made when she became an older woman, wearier of the world. This novel is not the horror story Hollywood has told us in Boris Karloff's portrayal  of the Frankenstein monster, Kenneth Brannaugh's Mary Shelley's  Frankenstein (a disturbing departure from the text) and the satire Young  Frankenstein. The horrors Shelley comments on in the book include the  dangers of man playing God and then not taking responsibility for his  creation by abandoning it.
B000002KBU|5.0|If reading all the 5 star reviews here hasn't swayed you already, I'll say it again- buy this album. After receiving it as a gift from my MOM, (I'm in high school...) I wasn't sure how it could be any good. I listened to it a  few times before I latched on to it, really. The warbling melodies of joni  and her stark instrumentation makes for a difficult listen at first. But  when you have gotten used to joni and her style, every track on the cd  becomes worn in like a sumptous slipper.  The absolute beauty of the music  is worlds apart from what you hear on the radio or MTV. And it's a gateway  to much of the other fantastic work joni has done- I've bought about 5  other joni cd's since last christmas when I got Blue.       The point is-  give it a chance. Whenever I try to tell my friends to listen to joni, I  get teased. &quot;Joni Mitchell? Folky outdated guitar player?&quot; But if  you take my advice and LISTEN to this record, you will be rewarded with  it's richness. It has become an integral addition to my life, not just my  cd rack.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie has EVERYTHING!   Not only is it the best movie to own at home THIS YEAR, it's one of the best purchases you'll ever make.  If you've never seen it before, you will love it.  The re-watch value is incredible.   Consider the fact that I saw the movie 19 times in theaters before buying  it, and the fact that I still watch it a good 3 times a week.  I especially  enjoy the performances by the great Laurence Fishbourn as Morpheus and the  gentlemen who plays Agent Smith (I said I wathc the movie alot, not the  credits:).  I don't need to say anymore about the movie, because you  probably heard it before.  I am disappointed by the behind-the-scenes  extra, however.  It answers the question of how they created the wonderful  scenes, but it's really cheap looking, and there's no interviews with the  stars.  Still, BUY IT!  You will not regret it at all.
B00001R3GC|4.0|There is nothing innovative about the Stones. They play the same blues riffs that have been copied by many artists for years. This record is no exception.<br />It's a very good display of white man blues and rock, with  some slow stuff thrown in for good measure. <br />This is their highest point,  along with Exile. After that it's downhill baby!
B000000W5L|4.0|OK, let's get off of the Beatles/Stones competition. I've been guility of defending the Fabs against what I considered to be unfair criticism from Stones fanatics, but admit to liking both, though not with the same  passion. I get sick of hearing people say that the Beatles weren't good  musicians(they were), or that they couldn't perform live(they did...from  1959/1966, almost constantly. The reason they stopped was that they  couldn't hear themselves play! Imagine that!. In my book, nobody ever made  a record as good as the White Album, that's another topic..<br />  They(Beatles/Stones) were/are both great for different reasons. I have  always preferred the Beatles for their originality and innovativeness. My  preference also is for tight harmonies and more melodic music. <br />That  said, you can like both groups without slagging the other one. Yes, the  Stones were grittier, but stuck to a basic sound that they still try to  play today. This disk probably is their highest moment, or one of them,  along with Let It Bleed and Sticky Fingers. The Mick Taylor period was at  it's apex. He was the best pure musician that the Stones have ever had,  much better than Ron Wood or Brian Jones.<br />Good songwriting here.
0792838068|5.0|Mike Figgis' Academy Award winning film still stands after 5 years as a truly remarkable and realistic film on the true accounts of a washed up screenwriter. Nicolas Cage and Elizabeth Shue both give the performance of  their careers in some of the most demanding roles Hollywood has seen. Shue  as a prostitute meets up with Cage, an alcoholic, whom both live together  to share their deteriorating lives. A sad and overtly depressing film,  however, not a moment goes by that you are not curious and hopeful for this  desolate couple. Not for everyone, yet this film is highly reccomended to  those who like something a little off-beat. The DVD transfer is really  good, clean picture with nice sound. This is the 'unrated' version which  means there is something of a questionable nature. However, if you compare  VHS to DVD time length, you will see the DVD is one minute longer, and  unless you know the film like the back of you hand, you wont notice any  difference. Also there is a 'hidden feature' which when you do find it, you  wont be happy to say its hidden, nor worth the while to make it so. Overall  lame features, but the film is so good that one will buy it for the film  and not its &quot;extras.&quot;
0783228457|5.0|Cronenberg's early film from the 80's riding his wave from Scanners is an original film no doubt, and remains obscure for the most part. James Woods, in his usual fast-talking-coke-addict role that he plays so well, is a  television producer for an underground station. Picking up some weird  signals from something called 'Videodrome' where it closely resembles  snuff. There is something Videodrome has that you dont have. Videodrome has  a philosophy. From there Woods, who meets up with Blondie (Deborah Harry),  spirals into a world where television and reality merge and mix where the  lines of what we know to be real are not there anymore. If you catch  yourself sliding into a hallucinatory trance, just sit back and enjoy it.  This is one of Cronenbergs best films to date, also one of his most odd.  Not for the squeamish, or those who like their realities disturbed. The DVD  version is nothing to write home about; it features the obligatory trailer  and character bios. Dont buy it for the extras!
0767019954|3.0|I had just finished reading the book and was anxious to see what A&amp;E had done with the story, since they had produced such a wonderful adaptation of &quot;Pride and Predjudice&quot;. I was disappointed with  &quot;Vanity Fair&quot; since many of the characters and events were  skimmed over or left out altogether. In fact, if you've not read the book,  you may have a difficult time following the film. However, this production  was lavish and colorful, if nothing else, and the acting was good. I was  amused for a few evenings, at any rate, but if I had it to do over I'd save  my money.
B000031WD9|5.0|I think that this has to be one of the top 3 movies of all time. When a movie can make a 22 year old son and a 50 year old father laugh until they cry, you have a great movie. I would recommend this movie to anyone who is  having a bad day!
B000002UA9|4.0|As Ronald Reagan said to Jimmy Carter, &quot;there you go again.&quot; I'm referring to LKeeners continuing diatrabe against the Beatles. Now she's given her personal critique of &quot;Please Please Me,&quot; saying that  songs like &quot;Twist and Shout,&quot; &quot;I Saw Her Standing  There,&quot; &quot;Please Please Me,&quot; &quot;Boys,&quot; and  &quot;Thank You Girl&quot; lack passion. I read her bio and saw that she's  a zit faced 18 year old kid who passionatly loves the Stones and hates the  Beatles. She's too damn young to understand either of them.
0393317552|2.0|The book's thesis is interesting and by and large persuasive -- humans migrating from the Fertile Crescent came to dominate the world because of dumb luck, not any innate racial superiority.  Unfortunately, 90% (or more)  of the content of this book would have fit in a Scientific American  article.  The incessant repetition and the clunky style made it a chore to  read.  If Diamond is merely synthesizing and popularizing scientific  orthodoxy, he should have left it to a competent writer such as James  Gleick or Richard Rhodes.  If he is appealing over the heads of his peers  to the public at large, he should be excommunicated.
B00000K3UU|5.0|This movie rocks! And Jon Stewart looks majorly unprecedentedly bodacious in it! It's totally boss!
B00002NDB1|4.0|This album rocks from start to finish!  Buy it and you won't be dissapointed.<br />Futureal: The most highlight of the highlights. Heavy riff. Listen to this song again, again and again.<br />The Angel And The Gambler: A  Moderate to good song and extremely sympathetic. Not very impressive.  Listen to the keyboards at this song.<br />Lightning Strikes Twice: A moderate  song, according to &quot;Fortunes Of War&quot; or &quot;The  Aftermath&quot;.<br />The Clansman: An extremely highlight of the album. Calm  down with this song (although it has a heavy solo).<br />When 2 Worlds  Collide: Not a moderate song as most people thinking. It has a great  melody. A special highlight.<br />The Educated Fool: The best song in the  album. I want to...<br />Don't Look To The Eyes Of A Stranger: Not so moderate  song, it's impressive and sympathetic with a great solo. Listen to this  song again.<br />Comos Estais Amigos: An almost moderate song, which refers to  the guys of a war. The lyrics are awesome, but the music a little  sucks...<br />Kats, 21/12/1999 (Waiting For 2000!)
B00000IL1K|4.0|I picked up this CD on a whim and loved it.  The beautiful, flowing and sometimes haunting lyrics are truly serene. I would equate it to something a bit like Enya only with a little more of a pop/almost techno feel on some  songs.  On the whole, its a great CD to fall asleep to.
6303332609|5.0|This movie was great! I saw it a long time ago, but it is still fresh in my memory! Watch it, See it, and enjoy it!
B00001XT76|5.0|This is the best movie I have ever seen. If you are looking for a movie to give someone definatly buy this movie. It was best seller then and in my book it is still a absolutly awsome and great movie now. Also it wouldn't  let me but I would probly have to give it 1 million stars for how good the  movie is.
6304711921|5.0|This is my favorite animated film and in my opinion the best to come out of the Burton/Elfman team. The plot is... well... &quot;different&quot;: The denizens of Halloween Town kidnap Santa Claus and have their way with  Christmas. i.e. make a complete mess out of it. The visuals are spectacular  (if a little dark) and the music and songs are wonderful and fit right in  with the action. Regarding the &quot;family appeal&quot; of this movie:  just keep in mind that this is a Tim Burton creation (Beetlejuice, Sleepy  Hollow) and therefore it is dark, a little scary and the humor is on the  sarcastic side. Oh, and if you absolutely can't stand musicals, then this  movie will either make you a believer (like it did to me) or will put you  off.<br />About the DVD edition: I've seen this movie in the theater, on TV,  on VHS and now on DVD and I must say that the DVD edition had the best  sound quality. They could have included some bonuses (a &quot;the making  of...&quot; type of feature is really missing) but the excellent sound and  decent picture quality was good enough for me.<br />Go ahead and give it a  try, especially if you're a Burton/Elfman fan!
B00000JCB2|5.0|For all those people above that said Limp Bizkit was horrible and that it wasn't music they are total fools.Limp bizkit is the best band on earth:break stuff,n 2 gether now....they're all great songs I give this  album 5 stars!
B000000993|5.0|My best friend Katie just opened TOOL to me.  Now I won't say that this was the best cd that I've ever heard, because there is no such thing as the &quot;best&quot; or &quot;perfect&quot; cd, but this has to be one of the  most promising bands ever.  They are an extremely clean and powerful rock  band, and that isn't an easy feat.  Many bands try to rock as hard as  anyone else, but come off as loud and pointless screaming.  Whereas some  bands try to make their act clean at the same time, that they seem too  trite and shallow to be considered a rock band.  TOOL is the perfect mix.   I recommend everyone to go out and get it.  Thanks for listening.
B00000K2SD|5.0|this movie gives up a lot of cool ideas that i never even thought about before. check it out if you want to delve into yourself farther and go exploring
B00002E23H|2.0|What made Jaws scary was the way it looked so real, even today. The water was dark and murky, with plankton and fish aimlessly swimming throughout. You couldn't even see what was around the corner. This is just one factor  that helped contribute to the frantic aura in Jaws, which is all but gone  from this ridiculous thriller. In Deep Blue Sea, everything is so glossy  and overproduced, you can tell the actors are comfortably acting in a  studio the whole time. The water is crystal clear (probably pool water),  and over lighted, definately not the look ocean water has. The  &quot;computer animated&quot; sharks dart around and perform some split  second dips and dives that make them look like gymnists. What's worse is  that you can always tell the scenes that use the computer-anime, since it  gives the sharks a cartoony nature, instantly killing any suspense. If  anything, after watching this film, you'll get a new respect for just how  good Jaws is (and it's even 20 years older! ).
B00000JCB2|5.0|this cd is the best cd made ever! It is not too much like the old one (three dollar bill yall) but it is an awesome follow up cd.In this cd they include old style limp bizkit and a new twist.I give big props to the all  rap song with method man n 2 gether now. they couldn't of made a better  song.
0783221487|1.0|Contains utterly ugly disturbing violence.  When it was over I wanted to cleanse the memory from my mind.
B000003TAW|5.0|One of the few bands that I will never grow tired of, Weezer has proven that they can stand the test of time. This is my favorite album, though Pinkerton does rock. &quot;The world has turned and left me here&quot; is  one of the greatest Weezer songs ever written and has been my personal  favorite for over five years. Rivers has the best male voice ever and his  lyrics are just simply beautiful. For that reason, I think he is one of the  best frontmen of the 90's. My only wish is that they will come out with  another album soon because I have been waiting for 3 years. To all of you  who do not already own this cd, do yourself a favor and buy it. I promise  you that you will not be disappointed...I love you RIVERS
B0000027RL|5.0|I don't know how many fans feel this way, but I've really acquired an appreciation for the second half of this album.  I still think the songs from the first half are great, but let's face it, they've been nearly  burned out on radio, particularly \\"Alive\\", \\"Black\\" and \\"Jeremy\\".  The 2nd  half is virtually untouched by radio and, consequently, still sounds  fresh.<br />I like how the songs are arranged.  It starts gently with  \\"Oceans\\", revs up with \\"Porch\\", tones down the speed, but not the volume or  the angst with \\"Garden\\" and the menacing \\"Deep\\", then closes out with  another gentle, though more cathartic and bombastic ballad, \\"Release\\" (my  favorite Ten song) before reprising the beginning notes of the album.  The  1st few songs are the crowd pleasers and stadium rockers and seem almost as  if they were written for the general crowd, the last five songs seem to me  to suggest the greatness to come in Pearl Jam's career, more for the  die-hard and faithfull (misspelling intended) fan.
0679746048|5.0|OH MY GOD! Girl, Interrupted is the best book I have read this decade. The story is engaging and the characters are so real you feel like you are with them in the hospital. I found that I identifed most with Susanna, who  wasn't really insane but had a tendency to doubt herself and be a little  paranoid which is sometimes misconstrued as insanity when you are young.  <br />I was her at 18. I think every girl can find a piece of herself in  Susanna. Anyone who has ever felt trapped MUST read this book. I was  trapped as an &quot;awkward girl&quot;(too tall, too full features, which  are now all the rage). Susanna's struggle made me sad because she had to go  through hell to become the person she is. It made me grateful because being  called awkward is not as bad as being deemed insane and it made me happy  because Susanna became a friend who understands me better than I understand  myself. <br />All I can say is thank you to Susanna Kaysen for saying what  myself and probably every teenage girl feels about herself and her world. I  wish I read this book when I was 18; it makes me a little sad I missed just  excellent insight when I needed it most. I will pass this book on to as  many people as I can. The world needs more books like this.
B000031XCR|3.0|As we look back in the 1990s, Celine Dion is a great singer whose voice is definitely touched by God. A great greatest hits album with some of her best songs. Songs like &quot;Beauty And The Beast,&quot; &quot;My Heart  Will Go On,&quot; &quot;Love Can Move Mountains,&quot; and who couldforget  her first #1 hit &quot;The Power Of Love.&quot; It's like looking at a  scrapbook of hitsongs. Her new songs are not to bad. I just wish she  wouldgroove a little more like herlead-off single &quot;That's The Way It  Is.&quot; Her new version of Roberta Flack's &quot;The First Time Ever I  Saw Your Face&quot; is pleasing to my ears, and her virtual duet with Frank  Sinatra on the title cut is somewhat a change of pace fromher usual Pop/AC  fare. I'm disappointed about some songs that didn't make the record, like  her very first hit &quot;Where Does My Heart Beat Now,&quot; &quot;Water  From The Moon,&quot; 'Think Twice,&quot; or &quot;Tell Him&quot; (her duet  with Barbra Streisand).Now if she had released it asa 2 CD set, then let's  talk about it further.
B000023VR6|5.0|Maybe more rappers should take this long to make another album. This album to me was everything. Good beats, good featured artists, Dre, cool lyrics. I think it's phat that rappers like DEVIN and Xzibit are getting hooked up  with Snoop, DPG, Dre, etc. I see people complaining about all the features,  but I think when a rapper gets as big as Dre it's cool to rap with all your  friends and hook up some up and coming rappers. I would advise anyone from  anywhere to buy this album because even non-rap people might enjoy this  one.
6304584598|4.0|....this is a lively and lovely Swan Lake. It is historically interesting, as it captures Nureyev and Fonteyn at the apex of their unique popularity.  It is handsomely mounted and the tempos move right along...technically it  may be lagging behind the standards of today...but it  makes up for it by  being glossy and professional in every way.  Very enjoyable...
B00000K32J|5.0|A breath taking show. Music, happiness and dance are the motives. Michal Flatley is a true genius and he put together an incredible performance. I could never get tired of it.
B000002O5L|5.0|In terms of songs, performance, and production, this has to be one of the most fully-realized works of art in the rock tradition. There really are no throw-away songs on this album. The one song not an original, &quot;I'll  Feel A Whole Lot Better,&quot; originally by the Byrds (my personal  favorite band), differs just enough from the original as to show an  incredible appreciation of the influence Roger McGuinn and the Byrds  clearly have had on Petty's style. The complexity of arrangements is  unbelievably well-thought out, particularly the first two cuts &quot;Free  Fallin'&quot; and &quot;I Won't Back Down.&quot; Each has the melodic  perfection of Mozart, and the arrangements show incredible intelligence and  attention to detail; there's layer upon layer of harmony. After ten years,  I never tire of listening to this CD.
079073382X|5.0|I rarely post in the films section of Amazon, but on this special occasion (Julie Delpy's 30th birthday - December 21st), I thought it only right to post about one of my favorite films, &quot;Before Sunrise.&quot;  After  seeing this film five times on video (never on the big screen,  unfortunately...), I find myself liking it more and more and identifying with  both characters (Julie Delpy's Celine and Ethan Hawke's Jesse) more deeply  each time.  For starters, they talk to each other the way people talk to  each other in real life.  Also, the development of the conversation starts  out small and works it way up to more serious and interesting topics... just  the way a conversation would really develop between people who have just  met, but who get to know each other over a period of time.  Conversation  aspects aside, I feel that the best acting in this film is the nonverbal  acting - the way Jessie and Celine look (or don't look) at each other,  their mannerisms, Julie's European elegance, and Jesse's American  awkwardness.  Without giving too much away (I hate when trailers or reviews  do that!), &quot;Before Sunrise&quot; is hands down the most un-hokey  romantic film I've ever seen.  It's a great date film and one which you  will remember always, if you've got half a heart or if you've ever been in  love.  See it.
0792157869|4.0|Only Spielberg makes them like this. A fine action film in the grand tradition of saturday serials. The highlight of this film, however, is not the action, but the relationship of Indy and his father. Connery is great  and Ford really plays off of him. Indy sort of loses his style when his dad  is around, and starts to bicker with his old man. This is a great idea from  Spielberg and his team. The search for the Holy Grail includes great  performances, great action sequences , and a sense of style. A must see!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|really good CD! my favorite songs are: Testify, Guerilla Radio, Calm like a bomb, and Sleep Now in the fire. The rest of the songs are good too!
6305095574|3.0|A group of friends vacationing in a woodland cabin off in the middle of nowhere find a tape recorder that releases an evil spell, turning them into zombies. Wow, where did they put the plot? Better than the average effects  driven low budgeter featuring ugly people trying to kill one another.  Periodically followed by rip off immitators who don't come close enough to  topping this. Though, the modern hype does make inicial viewing of this a  disappointment, it leaves you with the desire to see it again soon after  seeing it once.
0788811355|1.0|I was VERY disappointed with this movie.  There's no arguing that the Saharan cimematography was anything but excellent.  My main complaint is that the primary romance (Fiennes' and Scott Thomas' characters) was not  believable.  Her character had no character! She's beautiful, but that's  it.  This couple's relationship is strictly lust.   Plus it offends me  greatly that once again Hollywood has glamorized adultery! The relationship  between Hana (Juliette Binoche) and  Kip (Naveen Andrews) was believable  AND real.  I really wanted to like this movie but I can't.  I couldn't buy  into the Fiennes - Scott Thomas relationship.  Plus, I refuse to &quot;root  for&quot; two adulterers.
6304819935|1.0|Lead character from the first is back but this time the entire film has a different plot. Now, he only came up to the cabin alone with his girlfriend and as the basic events from the first take place, a group of people  stumble onto HIM. And the whole thing falls apart. Pretty stupid sequel  turns whatever scares it had to give into silly putty and just goes for the  motoroil gore that doesn't work. The result is one of the worst sequels of  all time. The only sequence with any laughs is the part when the room is  laughing at him. A time waster at best.
B00000IL1K|5.0|This is my first Sarah Brightman CD, only one of many to come, I am now officially a fan!  I came upon Sarah Brightman singing in a PBS special and I was mesmerized by her incredible voice.  Breathtaking!  I highly  recommend this CD and my second purchase will be 'Time to Say Goodbye' as I  add to my beginning collection.
6302814359|3.0|Sequel to the original (which now cannot be found on video) has the same two not so bright grave diggers head hunting in a graveyard as a nearby body cannister is opened by some snoopy children and the dead once again  come back to life. The original (which wasn't very funny at all) pales in  comparison to this one which is very safe for children to view. The dead  people are a lot less scary in this movie. They actually take on a Michael  Jackson TRILLER attitude and make it safe to laugh this time. The doctor is  pretty funny and Snyder (KILLER KLOWNS FROM OUTER SPACE) is great as  Mathew's hyper girlfriend.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I THINK THE BEST SONG FOR 1999 IS SMOOTH. ALTHOUGH I DO LIKE OTHER SONGS.EVERY TIME I LISTEN TO THE CD I ALWAYS ENJOY IT EVEN AFTER I HAVE LISTENED TO IT MAYBE 6 OR 7 TIMES. THIS CD HAS MY KIND OF MUSIC.I RECOMMEND  THIS CD TO WHOEVER LIKES STING OR SARA MCLACHLAN AND IF THEIR MY AGE.
6302798450|2.0|Picks up where the second left off. Campbell is transported back through time with his chainsaw to the days of black knights and the landscape just happens to be crawling with dead people. He is tasked by the village people  to save them against the evil which he excepts on the basis of being sent  home directly after. A nice recovery over part 2 is smothered in immature  jokes that will have the kiddies laughing their butts off. Not really  designed for an R rating, this is plenty safe for children. In fact, one  could argue that this was entirely made for children. Older generations  won't get much of a kick out of this.
0790733226|5.0|This is the first one I ever got for myself and to this day it's still my favorite. The Making of..., commentary, and interviews are just added pluses to this incredible film. It's DVD at its best. Ellie's wild  adventure through space and time could not have been seen any better than  this. This is what DVD is made for. Experience it!
6304508611|3.0|A high school girl who has been picked on all her life by her classmates and tormented by her zealot mother discovers she can control her telekinetic powers and then after a harmless prank goes down at the senior  prom, she doesn't accept any appologies. What looks like a first rate  thriller mixes in too many generational ingredients and becomes a  blubbering melodramatic pity pic (despite the massacre scenes in the  gymnasium and the kitchen). Spacek is great, however, and Laurie makes a  nice psychopath.
0394873742|5.0|If I could give this book a Ten star rating, I would.  My son received this as a gift for his first birthday.  He has spent hours pouring over the pictures.  At first he would crawl on top of it, now he places it upright  on the floor and reads it.  Each page has a different theme i.e. home,  airport, town.  It is true to Scarry's style and has each word next to the  picture.  My son is two and half and adores the big book.  My seven month  old loves it too.  We are about to invest in a second one as it is very  well loved.
6305074364|4.0|Caan is a brilliant writer who has an accident on a slippery road (Hi, Pet Sematary) and Bates comes to his aid. As she nurses him back to health, she brutally critiques his latest works and he soon discovers that she has  kidnapped him with no intention of releasing him... alive. Excellently  remarkable performance by Bates gives the term &quot;psycho&quot; a new  face and scares the viewer into painless convulsions without impressive  special effects or a stupidly thawed level-headedness. Caan is just aching  to be victimized anyway.
B000031XCR|5.0|I was looking forward to the release of this CD for a while and once I got, I must say it is a great purchase.  As with the previous albums, Celine demonstrates what power she has with her voice and the many  different scales she can make her voice perform.  Granted this is not done  without a lot of long hours relaxing her vocal cords and going through her  routine before she sings, but what a gift from God she has been given and I  always find myself in awe when I see her in an interview because she is  always so humble and sincere.  This album is a great compilation of the old  greats along with what I'm sure will prove to be new ones.  Celine has  always sung her songs in a way that is sure to move you when listening to  her melodious voice.  Which to me is the art of music, to make you feel  something, put you in a mood, make you remember a special time and place  and I can honestly say that every one of Celine's song does that for me.  A  very sincere Thank You to Ms. Dion for another wonderfully moving CD.
1556154844|5.0|I won't go into a review of the book as it has already been done so well by others here.  Let me just say this:<br />As you read through the reviews, note those that give this book less than 5 stars (save one poor misguided  fellow who must think 1 star is better than 5).  These are people that I  end up sending 'sorry you didn't get the job' letters to whenever I hire  new programming staff.  <br />The material in this book is so fundamental, so  common sense, that it's easy to take it for granted.  Don't.  Buy a copy,  and if you manage software projects and programmers buy copies for everyone  involved (most of my people have copies of their own at home, I want them  to have it available at work too).  Then give them time to read it (or  reread it).  This will be the best investment in your staff you will ever  make.<br />During interviews the mention of this book by a candidate when I  ask about their personal professional reading counts as highly as any  single other factor (and slightly ahead of most 'professional  certifications' since I've found these to be a better indicator of ones  ability to take tests than to perform in a production environment).  <br />And  don't forget to take your's down now and then as well.
0671015206|1.0|You will be better off adding the money to your investment instead of buying this book.
0375404635|5.0|I was introduced to this book (in paperback form) as a high school junior.  Almost five years later, I still love the book and own a hardback copy.  The Bell Jar is a thrilling edge of your seat work that makes you keep  reading, as you follow Esther through pain, stress, triumph, sexuality, and  basically -LIFE!  It is wonderful and I recommend it to everyone.
0790729628|4.0|Normally I prefer director's cuts to the &quot;normal&quot; versions, but I think in this one the theatre version is actually better. Decker's voiceovers really add to the understanding of the movie, so this version is  only for those who have already seen the theatrical release and want  something different to keep at home. ;] Other than that I love the movie  itself, the feel it brings across with the lights shining across the dusty  earth's atmosphere everywhere is just perfect!
B000009QPG|5.0|As a long time Slayer fan, I have came across evryone of their CDs.  But as I listened to them all, I have to say that this one is the best.  I always considered Slayer being light death metal. I dunno I always liked  their style and would say if you you were to buy any Slayer CD i would  recogmend this one.
B0000029DD|5.0|jeff buckley was too beautiful for this world. he can easily be compared to orpheus, for a voice of such incredible passion, strength and sensuality belonged in the company of the gods.<br />this album is perhaps the most  unflawed collection of music ever committed to recording. his voice is  emotional, his lyrics are personal and intimately sensual. i have never  experienced the sheer flood of emotion that i feel listening to jeff  buckley. he can bring you in tight and then unravel you with the awesome  power of his presence. how sad indeed that this promising and talented life  has been robbed from us.
B0000013G9|5.0|For years,I didnt listen to the radio.I wa in a camp, And they play a  radio station,and much of that music I hated.then,I  started to develop fav songs.I never found out what many of their names where.But,when Fanmail was  released,I started looking for Other TLc Cd.Then,I found  Crazysexycool.Waterfalls was one of my fav and so was creep. I know own the  CD.This Cd  is great.Its very sexy,And kinda smart.Their other  CD,Fanmail,Is hardly as good.I sereisly recommend picking this thang up.Its  great,and a lot better then the new TLC.You will not be dissapointed.Blauqe  and Destinys child hardly compare.I hope you love creep,And dont go  chaseing waterfalls.........
B00002R0MC|5.0|This boxed set gave me a deeper appreciation of Bob Marley's gifts as a musician and lyricist. He was a man of powerfull spirit, something that comes across clearly in all of the recordings.  The collection also exposed  me to other areas of Jamaican music (Ska and Rock Steady) which I've  explored in greater depth with great pleasure.  <br />I bought this set when  released in 1992 and it has been scratched and worn from use (I have taken  it with me everywhere and listened to it again and again).  Every day one  song or another off of this set calls out to me to be played or winds up in  my head or being whistled. <br />I had always hoped that they would re-release  it so I could have new playable CD's again.  I'm buying three copies. ;)
B00000DC7J|5.0|I bought this album on a whim. In the week or so that I've had it I've played it every single day at least twice. The emotions in this music are ever-changing and real; Piazzola was a genius.  Buy this. You won't be  sorry.
B000021XS0|5.0|This CD is jaw-dropping! Hearing 5 guys play music like this is astonishing! Compare this talent to any other group and Dream Theater will blow them away.  To really appreciate this masterpiece, an understanding of  music and knowledge of all its complexity is beneficial. Yet those who do  not fit into this category will still love every minute.  Not only does the  music blow you away..the storyline accompanying it is also  well-written..the style of the stanzas...the mystery it leaves the listener  to decipher..all truly adds to the hard work and thought put into this  album.  &quot;Scenes From a Memory&quot; (Metropolis Pt. II) continues the  story left off from its predecessor, Metropolis Pt. I, which was on DT's  1992 release, &quot;Images and Words&quot;.  This isn't some &quot;oh i bet  i can play that&quot; album that any garage band could replicate..this  takes chops! Each member owns their instrument...dominates it.  Mike  Portnoy's &quot;head shaking&quot; drum patterns, John Petrucci's  &quot;eye-widening&quot; guitar solos, John Myung's blazing bass licks,  Jordan Rudess' complex, yet melodic piano wizardry, and James LaBrie's  breath taking vocals all make this piece of art a must for any music lover,  not just the progressive rock audience.  Fans of Pink Floyd's &quot;The  Wall&quot; will certainly appreciate &quot;Scenes From a Memory&quot;.   Albums of this caliber are few and far between.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I was a bit hesitant about by this cd after hearing &quot;The Animal Song&quot; which, though a great deal of fun, I thought was not up to caliber with &quot;Truly Madly Deeply&quot; and &quot;To the Moon and  Back&quot;. I bought it anyway, and don't regret it. This album is full of  very beautiful lyrics and music. The second half of the cd is very sad and  touching. I highly recommend this cd, especially if you are already a  Savage Garden fan.
B00002E233|1.0|The acting so poor, to enjoy this piece of cheese one ought to be given a bottle of wine with it.  The one-liners are not all that funny, and it appears as if the money was spent on some visual effects and a lead actor.   Do yourself a favor and purchase Jaws instead.  If one is prone to very  simple things, like watching paint dry, or grass grow, this will be the  perfect movie for them.  If, on the other hand, you are interested in plot  development, and seeing some actual effort put into the dialog and acting,  then this movie is not for you.
B0000039PW|5.0|I am on my third copy of the this cd!  I feel this cd showed Big at his best.  I enjoyed Life After Death but there is nothing like the feeling you get when you are first exposed to this lyrical genius. I am about to  purchase my 3rd copy  and believe me it has been worth every cent!
6301008960|5.0|This was one of those movies i will always remember as a kid and will always be a favourite!
B000006P8I|4.0|The first time I listened to this I thought it was horrible, but now I love it. This is absolutely timeless music here. This is like a freakin' masterpiece. Songs like &quot;Sell Me a Coat&quot; and &quot;We are Hungry  Men&quot; will really get into your brain.  The only reason this didn't get  5 stars is because of the song &quot;Please Mr. Gravedigger&quot;. I urge  all of you out there NOT to listen to this. DON'T DO IT!
B000002NHN|5.0|I have been looking for this music for ever. I fell in love with it when I first heard it on that tv show &quot;Legacy&quot;.Now I found it and I love it. This is a must have for anyone.
B00002SWEM|4.0|It was wonderful to see this film when it was in theaters, and I probably would have bought it anyway, but the wonders of DVD have almost improved upon the original. The Digital video which it was shot in looks much better  on DVD than it does transferred to 35mm film in theaters, but the real  kicker is Wenders' personal commentary on the separate audio track - wow.  Having always been one of my favorite directors, it is a treat to hear all  he has to see about this film as he literally talks you through it from his  own personal perspective. Its as if he is sitting and watching the film  with you. The deep warmth which is present in all his films remains present  here, but it is accentuated by the moving comments and insights he offers.  I preferred seeing this film on DVD, as opposed to the theater. Thank you  Wim.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I have all of Moby's albums, and with the exception of the &quot;Everything is Wrong&quot; remix album, &quot;Play&quot; is my favorite.  It has everything, from folk/native indian flavor  (&quot;honey,&quot; &quot;natural blues,&quot; &amp;  &quot;everloving&quot;) to breakbeat/techno (&quot;bodyrock&quot; and  &quot;machete&quot;) to softer love songs (&quot;porcelain&quot; and  &quot;why does my heart feel so bad&quot;)to ambient (the majority of the  last third of the album.)  If you like &quot;play,&quot; I would also  highly recommend the &quot;bodyrock&quot; and &quot;honey&quot; singles.  I  saw him in concert this past summer and it was one of the highlights of my  life.  His music truely touches your soul.
B00002SWEM|5.0|OUTSTANDING PRODUCTION! TAKES YOU BACK IN TIME WHEN PURE REAL MUSIC WAS WRITTEN AND SUNG ! IT IS NOT ONLY A VIDEO OF MUSIC,IT IS A &quot; FILM OF DREAMS&quot;.  DREAMS THAT CAME TRUE TO THESE GREAT MUSICIANS AT THE  TWILIGHT OF THEIR LIVES ! FOR ME ,IT IS A VOYAGE THRU TIME , BECAUSE  I WAS  ABLE TO LIVE PART OF THAT ERA AS A YOUNGSTER. GRACIAS,RAY !
B000001GQD|5.0|Richter's recording of Rachmaninov's second piano concerto with Wislocki and the Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra has to be the best ever put on disc! Yes, he does play it his own way; note his choices for tempo at the  beginning and at the end of the first movement. But I cannot imagine that  Rachmaninov would disapprove. Nothing is forced in this performance;  Richter and the orchestra make transition after transition sound so  natural. Never before have I heard a pianist and an orchestra in such  perfect unity. This performance is worth every penny; the Tchaikovsky in my  mind is just a bonus. It does not live up to the Rachmaninov, and does not  qualify as a recommendable recording of the Tchaikovsky first piano  concerto. But no matter, this CD is worth buying just for the Rachmaninov.  It has dazzled me, and I'm sure it will please you for years to come.
B00000JPYQ|5.0|Wow... what else can I say? This is THE best live album ever, from the most under apprechiated band ever. So many  guitarists owe their living to Michael Schenker- Van Halen, Malmsteen, Vai etc.... but none have ever  captured his technical genius of soloing with complete melody. Back when  all my friends were listening to Styx, Kansas, Journey and all the other  sappy American bands, I would put this album on and blow them away. This  album is the standard by which all live albums can be judged, but never  equaled. It's incredible to think that this set still sounds fresh even  today- and these guys simply walked on to a stage with nothing but  amplifiers and instruments and just played. No smokebombs,  lasers,hangings,choreography and twenty tractor-trailers filled with other  trickery. This album has withstood the test of time because of superior  song writing, arrangement and live performance, something all  &quot;bands&quot; today sadly lack.
6305451591|5.0|This film's trailer is deceiving to say the very least. I had put off seeing the film because  I was misled into believing it was a typical romantic comedy. It is FAR from typical. I'm not sure I should reveal the  plot of the film, but let's say it threads a romantic comedy through a  MONUMENTALLY unromantic and uncomic event in world history. 'Nuff said. See  this film. Achtung.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Lyrical, beautiful, soulful and just an unbelievable voice. Her rendition of Joining You and my personal favourite, That I would Be Good is just perfect. Alanis has one of the most beautiful and emotive voice that I've  ever heard. The bassy and bluesy sound of Joing You and King of Pain really  highlights the pureness of the songs and her voice. <br />Rates as the best  purchase made this year!
B00001QEE5|4.0|Excellent video quality a must have for the avid  Disney collector
6305069611|4.0|This film, as reviewed by many, is about a alien who comes to earth in an effort to find water for his drought ridden planet.  However, it appears to me that the movie is not about a space traveler, but rather a time traveler  from earth's future.  The reasons which support this is that first; Bowie's  character suffers from time shifts like when his limo is seen traveling  down a country road in the past when such vehicles did not exist.  Two; he  was prone to motion sickness, like when he had a nose bleed from riding the  elevator.  The movie I found to be intriging.  But he was not an alien, but  a human from earth's future!
0780624890|5.0|I have been a fan of the vampire sub-genre in general and of Blade in particular (e.g. in his appearances in the Marvel comic books) ever since I was a kid.  This movie served to more or less re-invent the character, at least from the point of view of the comic book fandom (e.g. the Marvel  character wasn't even a vampire to begin with!).  Although this fact  usually turns-off most purists, I for one am very impressed with this  revised treatment which in my opinion breathes much-needed life to an  otherwise &quot;degenerating&quot; (e.g. in terms of fan interest)  character.<br />Wesley Snipes' grim and gritty portrayal of Blade was  perfectly pulled off and I can think of no other actor who can be more fit  for this semi-tragic role.  His mastery of the Brazilian hard styles was  both very evident and apt.  Stephen Dorff's acting was likewise very  convincing as, well, the resident &quot;bad boy&quot; among (very, very)  bad boys.  Ditto for Kris Kristofferson and the rest (including Traci  Lords' brief cameo).<br />This disc is packed with tons of bonus features,  most notable for me of which is an alternate ending which is very  interesting (mouth-watering actually, making you wish for a sequel  especially after seeing the final scenes), although still inferior/somewhat  lame even when juxtaposed against the final product.  My only complaint is  the House of Erebus slide section; I found it very difficult to read the  text which is unfortunate because the info on the various branches of the  vampire family was very interesting.  Too bad also that there wasn't any  time to develop this further ala C.Thomas Howell's Kindred series; it would  have been interesting to see the interaction/conflicts between the vampire  sub-families.  I hope they end up doing either a sequel or, better yet, a  tv series/spin-off.<br />This is a very well-done quasi-horror/quasi-martial  arts flick which is well worth its price...especially with the added  bells and whistles.  I feel that other DVDs  should at least have some of these features built in them (e.g. featurettes  other than the standard fare of theatrical trailers and interactive  menus!)
6304493681|5.0|Just got the dvd from the mail. didn't expect much from it at first. But after 5 minute, i was totally mesmorized by the movie. I've seen many animations, all of Miyazaki's stuff (by the way, princess Mononoke is  awesome), and I much admit this is the best in my opinion. All those camera  angles can totally match John Woo. And the sound is phuckin awesome. And  the story, if you like The Matrix, you would LOVE the story. At some level  the story is even more intriguing than the Matrix. However, since the story  itself is very suspenseful, it is kinda true that the second time you watch  it would be less interest. But I would definitely keep it for sure. And one  more thing FREE  KEVIN!
B000002OR4|5.0|You've heard the scores for Star Wars, ET, and Jaws (or at least the major themes), and they are all respectable in their own right.  However, you haven't witnessed Williams' full potential until you've heard his work in  Schindler's List.  The score is full of emotion, augmented by renowned  violinist Itzhak Perlman. Once again, Williams has truly captured the  essence of the film the work corresponds to.  Equally impressive is how  well the music stands alone from the images on film.  As a matter of fact,  I purchased and experienced the score prior to viewing the film. Highly  recommended!
B000007XUQ|5.0|This is the difinitive Christmas album!  For years I have enjoyed &quot;A Christmas Portrait&quot; on cassette tape.  To find it - as a two CD collection with &quot;An Old Fashioned Christmas&quot; makes for a very  merry Christmas indeed.  My wife and I have long felt we have one of the  best Christmas CD collections possible.  Since adding this jewel to our  collection, we haven't listened to any others! This is Karen Carpenter at  her very best.   Combining spiritual and secular classics, it has something  for everyone.  One listen and you will be hooked.  This is truly a work of  musical geniouses.  You can't have a merry Christmas without it!
B00000JBEI|1.0|I give this one star based solely on the fact that this transfer should have been complete.  Instead, like the CD3, the guitar solo in &quot;Tougher&quot; and the intro in &quot;Chimes&quot; are missing.  The  Canadian import has no edits and the same cover art as the original EP  (unlike the new US CD, which has a new pic of Bruce).  Sure it costs a  little more, but worth it.  If you're a die hard like me, you'll probably  buy them both anyway (like I did).
B000000XB9|5.0|Despite being a hardcore metalhead who likes the most bonecrushingly extreme and brutal metal there is (I mean BRUTAL, Slayer, SYL, Cryptopsy and others) and also being heavily into the more &quot;experimental&quot;  side of industrial I usually prefer extreme music. Yet there is no denying  that classic rock started it all. Of course you can pay homage to the  obvious ones like Hendrix, Led Zeppelin and Pink Floyd who all changed rock  with their experimetal yet amazing sounds. Yet good ol' CCR is mostly  forgotten by teenagers today. Hell i should know, i am one. They aren't  experimental like Pink Floyd and you won't mistake the guitars here for  anything by Hendrix but what you WILL find here is pure and honest rock and  roll. Hell along with AC/DC i'd have to rank these guys as being original  for just being so damn honest when it comes to rock.
6300184064|5.0|This is one of the best moives I've seen in a long time, and I first saw it in 1996. It's a great moive, it takes place in the near future, a society where one corperation controls all.  It's the story of a man and  his sertch for love, and is working his way though the a sea of paper work,  and his imangination.
B00000J7J4|3.0|Nowhere is it mentioned that the tune and basic harmonic structure of Santana's &quot;collaboration&quot; with Dave Matthews (Love of My Life) is completely lifted from the third movement of Brahms' Symphony #3!  Lengthening Brahms's triple meter into 4/4, and displacing his downbeats  back an eighth doesn't qualify Santana and Matthews to claim authorship,  but apparently they do anyway. They, and the record company, should be  ashamed of the fraud here.<br />The song, by the way, is terrific in its own  right...especially in Matthews' clear and elegant extensions to the vocal  lines.
0316921173|4.0|It took me about 100 pages to get into the groove of this book.  What a trip!  I loved the sense of slender connections between the initially independent storylines, which later fully materialized, but also expanded  the web.  The idiosyncratic style of the narrators, the grungy  other-worldly atmosphere reminds me of David Lynch movies, which I  absolutely adore.  And never having had any experience with taking drugs, I  was very surprised recently to be present in a conversation where someone  was trying to decide how to take a particular drug:  It seemed to have been  lifted off the pages of Wallace.<br />Then, when the book was over, I was  simultaneously dissappointed and thirsting for more!  It can't end here!  I  have to go read it again! I was just beginning to see how the various  threads interweaved!  But, for now, though I'll put it to rest:  My psyche  isn't quite in shape for this book just now.<br />Heartily recommended for  those who have no preconceived notions of what a novel should be.
B000031WD9|5.0|I saw it and laughed really hard.  Great movie but I need to know, what the diffrence is between the unrated and the rated?  Someone e-mail me with a reply to this.  Thank you.  My e-mail is Jerichofan1025@aol.com
B000007OY0|5.0|This movie has touched me like no other. I left the theater sobbing with so many emotions overflowing. Tim Robbins' character is beautiful and amazing...his ability to maintain hope despite the seemingly insurmountable  obstacles is truly miraculous. Freeman's portrayal of his  &quot;institutionalized&quot; friend tears your heart apart at times. The  Shawshank Redemption has so many messages of injustice and inhumanity and  the ability to love oneself enough to keep faith and transcend the most  torturous of circumstances. This film is a masterpiece.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Okay music afficionados, this CD is a must have in your collection!  Corazon Espinado &amp; Smooth are two singles that I constantly play but never tire of hearing. If you want to get in that &quot;pick me up because  I'm ready to party mood&quot;--these are the tunes that do it.
0345298349|5.0|This is the book that got me started on MCS...and he has yet to disappoint...Renko is a hero we can admire...often down for the count but never out! ...unwilling to compromise his basic human decency while wryly  observing the strictures,foibles and brutality of  soviet society
0425129586|5.0|This book was very, very wonderful. One of Agatha Christie's best.  I couldn't put it down. The book is very suspensful.
B00000K19E|5.0|THE MATRIX is a must-own for any dedicated DVD enthusiast.  It is, by far, the best science fiction movie to come along in many, many years.
B000005ZFN|4.0|The second of consecutive &quot;ultimate concept&quot; albums consisting of [essentially] one continuous piece of music.  The music of Passion Play is very different from Thick As A Brick -- in structure as well as in tone.   However, the outward attempt at pulling off the &quot;trick&quot; of  forming an album without individual songs brought on tremendous critical  scorn from the literary powers-that-be.  Apparently though, the fans were  less disturbed with Tull dipping back into this bag of tricks: Passion Play  sold strongly enough to supplant Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon in the  #1 spot on the rock album charts in 1973.<br />Not that Passion Play doesn't  merit some criticism:  Even though music this slick and stylish would not  again be produced by the band until Songs From the Wood four years later  (1975's Minstrel in the Gallery was a superior work, but was a raw, austere  album).  In this work, the transition between individual elements, unlike  Thick As A Brick, is often clumsy and glaring.  At times one is left  thinking that maybe it would've been best to just work up endings to the  various elements and present them as individual songs.  It certainly would  have denied much fodder for abuse to the rock critics of the day.  The  central connection between the two halves, The Story of the Hare Who Lost  His Spectacles, a modestly humorous piece, can most generously be termed a  failed experiment.<br />These problems aside, the very dark yet fanciful story  of a young man's tortuous trip through the afterlife, replete with a vist  to Hell, wasn't designed to elicit thoughts of merriment and good cheer.   And to top off everything, the beating-heart opening was viewed as a cliche  rather than the inside joke on Pink Floyd, which it undoubtedly was.  Of  course, in this case the beating heart was stopping not starting up -- thus  opening the album with the death of our protagonist.  Not exactly mom's  good-time-rock-and-roll.<br />The music itself has a whimsical and melodious  quality -- almost dance-like -- at least until you arrive at the very  powerful, and pushing the edge of discordant, ending element.  Oddly  enough, it is the actual visit to Hell (beginning of the second half - The  Foot Of Our Stairs/Overseer Overture/Flight From Lucifer) that provides the  best example of the noted Tull humor, of which there was so much in Thick  As A Brick.  It is this portion of the album that wears the best over the  years and provides the most compelling music, although they may be the  least inventive elements in the set.  The best known portion is the robust,  syncopated ending (Magus Perde), heavily ornamented by Martin Barre's  strident guitar riffs, and blessed with some astounding vocal work by Ian  Anderson.  In fact, Mr. Anderson's vocals are absolutely gorgeous  throughout this album -- perhaps his best vocal work ever recorded.  For  those of you familiar only with Aqualung or his later, post-illness,  diminished vocal range, Passion Play will be a revelation.<br />Ironically  enough, Passion Play begain life (in France, while the band was in tax  exile from Britain) as a much lighter and happier set of compositions.  The  compilation album Nightcap from 1991 includes the original Paris recordings  of the music which would later become Passion Play, following  re-structuring and re-recording in England.  Although unfinished (some of  the recordings were only at the rehearsal stage), with only rudimentary  compositions, it is fascinating to see how easily Passion Play could have  been something very different in tone from the final product.  In fact, the  capricious album War Child, which followed Passion Play, contained some  reworked and expanded versions of the waggish music found in the French  recordings.  (Of special note is the hilarious Look At All The Animals --  why on Earth didn't they use that instead of The Story of the Hare Who Lost  His Spectacles?)<br />Passion Play is often described as an album for  hard-core Tull fans only, which is somewhat unfair -- but it is definitely  an album which individual tastes will dictate either a strong positive or  negative response.  Ian Anderson's stunning vocals alone commend it to true  Tull fans.  For newer fans or those just interested in finding out about  the band, this probably not the best starting point -- even though for many  it could become a favorite.
B000031WD8|5.0|This was a truely great movie that I will watch again and again.  It is not only for teenagers, men, or people who appreciate toilet humor.  It is a movie for everyone that has a sense of humor about life and remembers  high school and their struggle to keep or loose their virginity.  It is a  shame that there are some people who find this movie beneath them. They are  really missing out.  BUY IT.  WATCH IT.  ENJOY IT!
B00002Z88D|2.0|I listened to this some more, and it still makes me sick. There is way too much violins. sounds like some damn symphony rather than metallica. What's next? the metallica christmas album or them playing with garth brooks. He  is more of a rocker than them anyways.
B000002NIW|5.0|An amazing album and one of my few personal favorites.Every song on here is great including &quot;Damone&quot; which is f'n awesome!&quot;Be quiet and drive&quot; and &quot;My own summer&quot; rule.A great metal band that  has my respect for there talent and just cuz they don't care for the  mainstream all that much.Chino said on Amazon thanks to the fans,well  Chino, thank you.
B000002TYX|4.0|KEEPING IN MIND WHAT THIS IS,UNRELEASED STUDIO MATERIAL,THIS IS A MUST HAVE FOR YOU COLLECTION,AND THERE ARE ENOUGH GEMS ON HERE TO WARRENT THE MILLIONS AND MILLIONS THAT IT HAS SOLD.IT'S INTERESTING THAT STUDIO DEMOS  AND OUTTAKES BY THE BEATLES ARE STILL FAR SUPERIOR THEN MOST OTHER ARTISTS  FINISHED PRODUCTS.LEAVE MY KITTEN ALONE, EIGHT DAYS A WEEK , CERTAIN LIVE  CUTS,AND SOME TOTALLY UNHEARD BITS MAKE THIS A MUST HAVE.
B000002LIM|5.0|This scoreis one of the best scores ever written for a movie.  The movie is also probably the best comic book-to-film adaptation in the world.  But the score is just fantastic.  Never has a theme expressed the true brooding  inner unpleasentness of Batman.  And this score sets the entire tone of the  movie so incredibly well, you have to hear it to believe it.  Great stuff.  A must-have for film score fans and Batman fans alike.
0446525537|5.0|A Walk To Remember was an excellent book, but I want to know how others think that it ended?  If you read this, please write back with your responses! Thank you and God Bless You! ~Kasie (c: &gt;&lt;&gt;!~ !~I Love  The Lord!~
0802130208|5.0|Plain and simple, A Confederacy of Dunces is one of the finest works of fiction written in the last century, perhaps ever!   Okay, maybe I'm going over the top a bit, but this is one heck of a good book.  That snicker will  turn to a full-fledged belly laugh by the end of the first chapter.  The  characters are real, mad, and insanely perfect.  Buy this book!
B000001FNL|4.0|This is probably their best ever album of original material, and it marked the beginning of their incredible mid-70s output of hit after hit. The well-known songs here are terrific (&quot;Nights on Broadway&quot;,  &quot;Jive Talkin'&quot;, &quot;Fanny&quot;) but don't miss the pleasingly  country &quot;Come on Over&quot;, the sweeping &quot;Country Lanes&quot;,  the beautiful &quot;Songbird&quot; and &quot;Baby As You Turn Away&quot;  and finally the oddball but delightful &quot;All this Making Love&quot;.
B00000JAQ8|5.0|&quot;Oceanborn&quot; is one of the best releases this year.  Utilizing a mixture of power metal and opera, Nightwish never fail to astound the senses.  Tarja's voice will mesmerize you, while Emppu's guitars will  pummel you into a greater state of consciousness.  I believe that these  five talented muscians have accomplished more at their age than any other  artist.  Move over Britney Spears, Tarja is the new queen!
B0000025DV|4.0|This was originally a double album (with a memorable cover) and was very popular in the mid-70s.  It still holds up as a very melodic example of Jeff Lynne's ingenius melding of classical music instruments and 60s-70s  rock.  It's never dull despite its length, and some of the non-hits are the  best songs: &quot;Night in the City&quot;, &quot;Big Wheels&quot;,  &quot;Summer and Lightning&quot;.
0395929512|5.0|Classic story of Paddington the Bear who comes to live with the Brown family in London.  Most children know the stuffed animal but haven't heard the escapades.  This issus is a welcome addition to children's libraries.   Very good, humorous, fun animals, with good black and white illustrations.   Recommended for K through the 4th grade students.
0441172717|5.0|Read &quot;Dune&quot; for an absorbing and entertaining story.  Like &quot;Lord of the Rings&quot; and &quot;Stranger in a Strange Land&quot;, &quot;Dune&quot; transcends genre classification and can rightly be deemed  a modern classic.<br />I'm not a big sci-fi fan; I prefer traditional fiction.  When reading sci-fi, I often feel the author's insistence that I buy into  his/her thoughts, and this prevents me from becoming involved in the story  itself.  Kind of like watching a student film.<br />Of course,  &quot;Dune&quot; is a product of Frank Herbert's mind, but that fact  doesn't insinuate itself into the reader's mind as the story unfolds.  I  first read this over 20 years ago, and have recently picked it up again.  I've been reading it on the bus to work, at night when I get home - even  though I already know the plot.  It's simply good writing.  I agree with  other customer comments below, that the books following &quot;Dune&quot;  fall a bit flat.  Read slowly and enjoy- this one is the best!
B000001FI7|5.0|IF that doesn't convince you to buy the best CD of the 90's, I don't know what will. I've worn out three CDs already, and I'm looking to wear out my fourth. There's nothing like this album. When I'm in a good mood it makes  me feel great. When I'm in a bad mood, inexplicably, I feel better. It's  great driving music to boot.
B000002KAT|3.0|Van Morrison recorded this album in the span of only a few short days, and it shows.  Most of the songs are extremely repetitive and too long, and the album overall doesn't have the same polish as the far superior Moondance.  Despite these flaws, the album is very poetic and has some good moments.  It is also a very soothing album, which makes it a good choice to listen to  while traveling or doing work.
B000002AP1|5.0|An utterly intense piece of plastic.  I got the original when it came out on vinyl and wore it out.  This remastering is even better-it explodes out of the speakers, without taking the edge off.  However, if anyone is  expecting clean, MTV type sound, beware.
B00000K19E|3.0|A very slick, clever movie though not as profound as many would have you believe. The story is a familiar one - a man is the chosen one but must discover and believe in himself first - but the backdrop for it is vastly  more interesting than most similar movies and the special effects are both  excellent and well-used. There's a lot that is hastily explained and a  pretty pointless, romantic subplot but, depending on what you expect from  an action/adventure/scifi movie,  there's nothing that detracts from it too  much. For those that enjoy the genre, I certainly recommend it.
0783225733|5.0|Apollo 13 is an excellent movie about a fascinating story.  However, many times, when one sees a movie of a historical account like this, one wonders how accurate the movie is.  Well, have no fear.  This DVD supplies  commentary by Jim Lovell, and his wife Marylin, who tell you what was  actually said, happened, didn't happen both during the mission and at home,  how they reacted to different situations, how the actors portrayed them,  and what moments were created by the director or exaggerrated.  Plus, Jim  Lovell explains aspects of space travel, mission training, what the  astronauts were doing in key situations, etc.  It is like a personal  documentary that verifies the movie.  Throw in a &quot;making of&quot;  documentary with NASA footage, interviews, etc., plus other DVD goodies  like 5.1 digital dolby, filmmaker commentary, trailer, etc. and it simply  represents everything I expect from a DVD as a DVD owner.
0871137380|5.0|This is the best, most gripping account of small-unit action I have read in a very long time.
630419949X|5.0|This movie form Arnold and vanessa was action packed and one of the best for 99. The plot was good and it had some good twists in the movie. Some were obvious and others you couldn't see coming. Vanessa Willams took it to  another level with her acting in this one. She is one of the few  singers/actors that does everything good and dosen't look fake. This is  probably one of her best roles. Arnold took over with the action as  always......and there was a lot of action in this. This movie is even  better when u watch it in a home system with surround sound. the beginning  is action from the start and gets you into it from the beginning. If you  want a good action,adventure, detective picture..then get this. This lets  you see how eays it is to get into someones personal files and see where  they live, there family and even other stuff u think the government  wouldn't know.<br />Overall this movie si good. Don't pass this over.
0800141709|5.0|This rates as my favorite move of all time. The names of the characters, the acting and the story are all classically the best. Of coarse, I love silly comedy. This isn't just silly though, you'll see it and walk away a  little scared as it reflects the craziness in the world and the powers that  be that hold all those nuclear bombs, ready to vaporize us while holding on  to their tenacious grip of whatever power they may hold. As Colonal Jack D.  Ripper states &quot;war is too important to be left to politicians. They  have neither the time, the training, nor the inclination for strategic  thought. I can no longer sit back and allow Communist infiltration,  Communist indoctrination, Communist subversion and the international  Communist conspiracy to sap and impurify all of our precious bodily  fluids&quot;. Enough said!
B000007XUQ|5.0|Mesmerizing.  What beautiful work; glorious arrangements and heavenly production sung by the voice of an angel!  Superb!
B00000IO4J|5.0|The Faculty is a must see!  I can't stop watching it, I think I know every line in the movie!
034538072X|5.0|An absolute masterpiece.  I cannot wait to read &quot;TheChildren of England&quot; by Alsion Weir! This book was beingdiscussed at a holiday cocktail party (no less) by a friend from New Zealand.  I immediately purchased it as I was fascinated by the topics that were being shared - intriguing, fascinating, compelling stuff. True party conversation!<br />Ms.  Weir not only addresses the lamentable love life of Englands most notable king, but the research and loving manner in which it is presented sheds remarkable light on the impact of this Royal and his insatiable desires on the progress of the world as we know it.<br />This read, combined with my foray into Biography.coms top five biography's of the millineum, I now have a greater understanding of where we've been and where possibly we are headed. No history course in college taught me what I've learned in the past few weeks, and in such a delightful manner.<br />Whether or not you have an interest in understanding the &quot;Motherland&quot;, read this book - it sheds light on the history of the world as well as Henry's most active bedchamber!
0684833395|5.0|I wrote to Mr. Heller a few months ago, telling him he was a major influence in getting me interested in reading and not juvenile crime. He wrote a small note thanking me. This book blooms with compassion, humanity  and infectious wit. He will be missed.
0783225970|1.0|What a boring movie, the majority of it was a quiet and calm movie.  Based on what I am used to.
0783114222|5.0|DON't BUY IT!  if you can not fulfill the following: 1. Have a second TV for the rest of the family. 2. Be late the next day at work 3. Have at least two jumbo packs of popcorn and 2 gallons of Coke. 4. Be able to stay  without a blink all night long in front of the screen. 5. Be able not to go  to the bathroom for 12 hours straight!<br />The first disk met my DVD at  18:30. I left the room 12 hours later wishing for a fifth disk! One of the  greatest moments in the history of TV, the best of HBO. A must for every  DVD collector. BTW It was the third time that I had seen it as the Greek  cable already showed it twice!
0446604844|4.0|Something about Baldacci's male leads keep me more interested.  I found this to be a really good book, but I just didn't have the same interest in Sidney as I did in Simple Truth and Absolute Power characters.  Great read,  though - very fast paced.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Wow. That was the first thing I thought when I heard Battle of LA. Its harder and heavier than the last two albums, especially Born of a Broken Man and War within a Breath, but all the tracks seem to have a fuller sound  than the previous two albums. It just sounds more rounded. <br />On some of  the tracks you can almost imagine Morello using three or four instruments  to produce the sounds he does. He is a wizard with a guitar and I am hard  pressed to think of another guitarist who could best him. Brad is as  precise as always, offering some great beats that really get you tapping  the wheel as you drive along with the stereo at full volume. From what I've  read, YTimK is just as under appreciated as always. I rate him as one of my  favourite bass players, the driving rhythm he threads through all the songs  is magic. And Zak, what can you say, lyrics that really mean something and  great vocals once again. He's someone who really cares about other people.  A real legend we could all learn from.
0312962118|5.0|Soviet history buffs will appreciate the detail.  You easily suspend disbelief.  Cleverly adds human interest.  Well balanced thriller: I read it cover-to-cover on a long journey.  On arrival I bought another Meade  novel.
0385493800|5.0|Once again,  Grisham did not fail to disappoint his fans with the release of this book  The first chapter was brilliant with the characters clearly portrayed and real.  This time, Grisham takes us on an adventurous ride to  the Pantanal, a remote place in Brazil where he painted a clear picture of  what it is like in our mind.  Similar to his previous books, The Testament  stirs up our emotion throughout the day and the plot was so fantastic that  I couldn't resist putting it away till way after midnight!
B00000J6AG|5.0|I couldn't agree more with the previous reviews, and the media -- this is without a doubt a 1999 top 10 pick. It's absolutely Moby's finest, in my opinion. But with success and popularity, comes the dreaded overdose over  the radio waves. Not that I really mind  -- I rarely listen to the radio  anymore since Moby, FatBoy Slim, and The Crystal Method happened -- and  it's a great way to turn others on to this great CD.
068484267X|4.0|This is a remarkable tale of the strength of the human spirit and character.  As a teacher, I have seen first hand the strength of our nation's children.  Some of the obstacles they face on a daily basis were  not even a flicker in my eye as a child.  Angela's Ashes shows this  perseverance through the eyes of an Irish child.  Run, run to the store for  a copy.
B000031WD8|4.0|This film has got to be one of the funniest, most thought out films of this year.  I heard it was good, so I got a few friends together and went to our local cinema.  We were creasing, and laughing our guts off from  beginning to end. AMAZING!  And watch out for the sexy flute player, shes a  right character!<br />Warning! DO NOT SEE IT WITH YOUR GRAN!<br />And also, I  don't know why you Americans have to be over 18 (only 15 in UK) to see the  unedited version, but I really hope you are, its worth it.
B000001DTM|5.0|Although I like some of U-2's early work, I am not a huge fan and actually did not care for the Johsua Tree cd,nor have I cared for much of U-2's subsequent work.  However, I have never, ever heard such an incredibly  consistent, superb collection of music as Achtung Baby - the worst song on  the cd is an 8.5 on a 10 scale, with most songs exceeding 9.0.  This is an  even better album than CSN&amp;Y's Deja Vu.  The music is simultaneously  primative and sophisticated,  haunting and brooding, yet varying with  powerful love songs and hard edged alternative rock.  Lyrics are perhaps as  good as any band's ever:  &quot;In my dreams, I was drowning my sorrows,  but my sorrows, they learned to swim.&quot;  A true tour de force.
B00000269M|5.0|Your collection should not be without this album.
B000003S16|5.0|This is one wild ride of an album.  King Crimson founder Robert Fripp takes experimentalism to an extreme here, with wide swatches of angry dissonance tinged with some of his most accessible atmospheric material as  well.  The guest list is impressive, too.  Wait 'till you hear Daryl Hall  screaming at the top of his lungs on Disengage, only to then be blown away  by his soulful singing on the very next track, North Star.  One of the  Roches also turns in an expressive performance on the song Mary.  The Peter  Gabriel appearance on the song Here Comes the Flood brings tears to my  eyes; incredibly moving.  Fripp also includes several instrumental  interludes, not all of them ambient.  At the end of one of the more  discordant tracks, Fripp himself mutters &quot;what a dismal, pathetic  chord sequence.&quot;  This might not be the best place for the neophyte  Fripp fan to start his collection, but it is a must for Crimsonites.
B00000J7J4|1.0|don't buy it.unless you like rap,and/or speak spanish.the only good track is &quot;forget about it&quot;. the rest of the albumn is nauseating.
B000003TA4|5.0|With the exception of certain bands such as Van Halen, U2, and REM, the 80's mainstream offered little decent music.  Nevermind, which previewed in fall '91, is by far the best album of the 90's. Ten and Throwing Copper  were certainly exceptional, but this is the king of the decade.  There are  a million analytical explanations as to why you should by this album, but  I'll make it plain and simple.  It's just fantastic.  Even if you're not a  rock fan, this is the album to listen to whenever you feel depressed or  angry.
0553266306|5.0|Book was fantastic!  The movie equally so as it was very faithful to the book.  The movie version I refer to is the original one from 1973 directed by Fred Zinnemann (sp?).  It is still available on video and any major  video store (Blockbuster, Hollywood, etc...) should have no trouble finding  it for you.
B00000IOSU|1.0|Fans (especially long time fans) of Sarah should finally let her (and Nettwerk) that we've had enough of them milking us out of repeat material.  No one can dispute that her songs are good we just need more new songs.  We  just shouldn't have to feel the need to buy the 4th version of &quot;Ice  Cream&quot; (the acoustic/live/without Camille/Sarah playing a Takamine  version).  <br />There's no doubt that the record company (and perhaps Sarah)  want to milk us out of the old material by redoing old songs to a  quasi-album.  That is Mirrorball, just like the Freedom Sessions.  Sarah's  becoming the Depeche Mode of folk exploitation-Depeche Mode would release  20 remixes of a song on 20 different CD singles and put die hard fans in  the position of wanting to buy it.<br />Fans/consumers should let Sarah know  with their pocketbooks that she needs to quit milking us.  <br />If she wants  to be a serious singer/songwriter, she needs to show us that she can  develop a new tune not every presidency and don't insult us with putting  out 4 Lilith Faire CDs, 1 live album, 1 acoustic album, 1 EP, 2 CD singles  in between each album.  <br />I've resolved to no longer buy any recycled  material from her, saving the environment from excess waste.
B000002NJS|5.0|No matter what you think of her, Madonna has recorded a haunting and brilliant work of art.  She has grown with time and each time gotten better.  Not many can truly claim that.  Her voice has become so much  stronger and the combination with rock and roll works so well together.   Give this one a chance.
0822203073|5.0|This is one of the most depressing and yet uplifting stories of all time.  I just finished a production of the play and I know that there wasn't a dry eye in the audience at curtain call.  Anne's statement that &quot;in spite  of everything, people really are good at heart&quot; shows that even close  to death, love and hope survive.  It's a story that everyone should read;  it teaches a lot about life.
B000002A46|5.0|Mariah Carey has a wonderful voice and every time I hear it, it brightens up my day.  All of the upbeat songs get me to dance and the slow ones are sung perfectly.  She is wonderful.
0385484518|5.0|TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE is a beautiful, true story filled with such wonder and wisdom.  Although it is a &quot;no holds barred&quot; account of the impending ALS-inflicted death of Professor Morrie Schwartz .. the unselfish  happiness that &quot;oozed&quot; from this gracious, gentle man .. far  outweighs the inevitability of his death.  His outlook on life .. and death  .. is astounding!  The story was chronicled on Nightline with Ted Koppel ..  and in a TV movie that aired in early December of 1999.  His philosophy  teachings and love of life is evident in every page.  He just plain  &quot;loved people&quot; .. especially his students.  He was kind enough to  share the most precious gift any of us can ever give .. he gave  &quot;himself&quot; .. to anyone and everyone who was willing to listen ..  and that would share with him in return.  He .. as I do .. believed that  &quot;sharing your love&quot; and &quot;a little of your time&quot; can  make &quot;all the difference&quot; in people's lives .. and that you will  be overwhelmed with &quot;what comes back&quot; to you!  He was a great  teacher .. to the very end.<br />I was so touched by this book .. I read it in  its entirety .. in one sitting.  I hope you will &quot;do yourself a  favor&quot; and pick up a copy .. if you haven't already.<br />Sandy Taylor
0792839625|1.0|As brilliantly tart, moving and original as A CHORUS LINE was on stage, this movie is beyond dreadful.  Somehow managing to find perhaps the most unappealing cast of dancer/singers ever assembled, and spot-lighting a  silly, flashback-filled romance between Michael Douglas and Alison Fraser  (Cassie), Attenborough has no understanding at all of what makes this  strictly backstage-buzz musical tick.  There are moments that border on  camp, but don't go there all the way, so this movie is not even worth  laughing at -- it is simply a bad movie.  The musical numbers, given an 80s  pumped up arrangement and dated MTV-style look, are diluted of virtually  everything that made them sizzle on the stage.  Michael Bennett was the  heart and soul of the only Chorus Line worth its salt -- his staging of the  classic Bway version in 1975, which of course has been remounted countless  times across the country since then.  Do yourself a favor and catch it on  its real feet -- you will be moved, uplifted and bedazzled.
B00001W9G0|5.0|The packaging on this DVD is exquisite -- there's a nice gold-toned fold-out chapter index on the inside cover.  Columbia has really packaged it like a keepsake.<br />The menus are classy as well.  The behind-the-scenes  featurette is very interesting.  Barbra Streisand is very humble and exact  about her memories of making the movie.  She is also very generous in her  praise of Redford.  Sydney Pollack gives some good insights into the film.   And author Arthur Laurents is especially revealing.  I think all involved  with the film knew they were creating something special. And yet the  featurette proves that even a classic romance needs snipping. The cut  scenes are interesting but prove that some scenes are superfluous to the  arc of the story.  However, the big scene in which Katie is told that an  old schoolmate has informed on her is VERY interesting:  Do the WASP and  the Jew split up because of politics or stay together and be blacklisted ?    It would have been a very different story if this scene were  used.<br />Otherwise, the DVD looks gorgeous.  It is so good to see this film  in widescreen.  I have only seen pan-and-scan versions for years.  It is  great to see the opening credits (underscored with Barbra's beautiful  voice) framed the way they're supposed to be.  I had an old VHS version  that flip-flopped back and forth in order to get it all on the screen --  very annoying.<br />Finally, the Marvin Hamlisch section of the documentary is  very interesting as well.  He tells all about how the song &quot;The Way We  Were&quot; came to be written.  And Marilyn and Alan Bergman share their  &quot;mem'ries&quot; as well!<br />The Columbia people did a GREAT job with  this DVD.  It is a welcome addition to my or your collection.  Thanks,  guys!
B000002C25|4.0|I just dont get it, Noel writes two superb albums and then lets him self down with an sub par record. Yeah its good but listen to the other two albums and youll realise that this is dross comperd with them. But it is  still a good album and if another band had recorded it we would be hailing  them as the new oasis.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Had been very disappointed in Metallica the last couple of albums with their &quot;new&quot; sound.  Had really felt they sold out their hardcore fans who have supported them through all the years.  S&amp;M is some  redemption on this and is a great album.  I recommend it to all true  Metallica fans and hope this is the return of the old!
0783114893|4.0|This movie has a single-minded purpose: to scare the living daylights out of you.  And on its own terms, it does -- and mightily so.  Rutger Hauer possesses that mix of seductiveness and pure evil of the devil himself, and  the mounting terror has you turning white.  There are artistic choices  here; the lonely open roads that instantly entertain thoughts of  hitch-hikers become the backdrop of this weirdly claustrophic story,  weirdly so because there is so much distance traveled, yet you feel you,  like the Howell, cannot escape.  The ending is viciously cruel, and yet  seems in line with the film's obscenely effective premise.  An excellent  Halloween weekend treat for those who love to bite their nails, and have no  problems sleeping in the dark.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|The lyrics and music in &quot;Affirmation&quot; are wonderful.  This CD is mostly romantic, great for a quiet evening.  If you are in the mood for something romantic, this CD is for you.
0152465030|5.0|The Little Prince was named the book of the century in France today, December 21, 1999.  The Old Man and the Sea came in second.  I must agree with the French since The Little Prince helped me find my husband 30 years  ago when it was my official &quot;interview&quot; book.  For almost 25  years, I read The Little Prince aloud to my high school students each  spring.  There was never a dry eye in the house when I finished.  A student  made me a wooden &quot;boa constrictor swallowing the elephant from the  outside&quot; which I still proudly display in my office.  Great for all  ages, all philosophers.  Perfect for those Harry Potter, Wind in the  Willows, and Hobbit fans.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is one of the best books of all time, in my opinion.  You need not be a sci-fi fan to love it, though it helps.  It's a story of a young boy's genius, and the government's need for it, set against the  prospect of impending alien invasion.  I highly recommend it to anyone and  everyone.
6304806426|5.0|From the opening credits, which combine images of dreamy sand dunes and the gliding plane with the seductive paint-brush strokes of images in the cave, you are transported to places exotic, both in locale and in the  heart.  The story could hardly be more compelling, and the performances are  for the most part perfect, especially Juliette Binoche, who has a casual  beauty and resilience that draws you in.  Her every move fills you up with  wonder.  Kristin Scott Thomas is superb at playing tension beneath the  surface:  this character is full of passion and strength, all of which will  be grievously tested.  Ralph Fiennes does an expert job as the patient, yet  I do wish there were a glimmer of warmth from him -- he is interesting, not  heartbreaking, but this is easy to forgive when there are so many other  rapturous elements around him.  Minghella's direction is artfully  accessible, and weaves a spell in and around the entire ensemble.  There  are moments of incredible beauty and sorrow.  And the finale, which finds  each and every loose thread compellingly tied up, is one of those rare  great finales -- you replay it in your head forever after.
0783222734|4.0|I first saw it with my friends in the theaters back in 1993 and I just couldn't believe my eyes when the dinosaurs first appeared. Never before in the whole history of filmmaking did those dinosaurs appear so REAL!  And  the action was really fast-paced and simply STARTLING! However, there are  quite a few things in this movie that I just didn't get at all. The scenes  where the jeep fell several feet into thin air with Tim still trapped  inside and Lex falling right out of an air vent only to catch herself by  her dainty little fingers are kind of far-fetched and unbelievable. A  couple of innocent young waifs being shamelessly hurled into incredibly  brutal situations is a bit hard to swallow. And the ending where the  helicopter flew off into the sunset forever was kind of anti-climactic. Too  bad our most impossible fantasy just didn't pull through in the very end.
B000005RNY|5.0|This album is perfect for anyone even remotely interested in hip hop, trip hop, electra, or even techno or garage. Tracks in perticular like Organ Donor and Building Steam with a grain of salt, make it worth buying alone,  but the whole album is consistently beautiful music - I recommend this  album to everyone.
B000006NPY|5.0|wow. i own every one of the pumpkins' albums and for a long time i was very hesitant to buy this one because i was under the impression that it was dreary, gothic music. i bought it anyway because i love the band and  will be forever faithful to them, and i was pleasently surprised. i think  &quot;pleasently surprised&quot; would be an understatement actually...the  first song on the cd, &quot; To Shelia&quot; is such a beautiful melodic,  breath taking song...it is a song that you can't forget. and really you  don't want to. later on in another track, there is the line &quot;love is  drunk and love is blind&quot;....how true is that. this album is incredible  because it says what people feel, but are so rarely able to identify and  put into words. and of course, &quot;Perfect&quot; is a song that everyone  an apply to their life at some point in time...it's just a very meaningful  album, to me at least...
B00000K3CR|4.0|Penny Marshall knows comedy, and this warmly sentimental fantasy proved she could deliver hugely commercial entertainment in a delightful way.  Tom Hanks is absolute perfection as Josh, and each player succeeds brilliantly  at bringing to real, vivid and always amusing life the simple, child-like  story.  Mercedes Ruehl had one of her first big breaks here as the mom.   You will love this movie.
B000002BE9|5.0|I absolutely LOVE Fiona's album, Tidal. Being a long-time Beatles fan (I must have something with the APPLES in music!), I didnt think I would ever like another album enough that my Beatle CD's have become dusty. I drive an  hour to work everyday and Tidal is just the perfect CD for my commute.  Fiona's voice is soulful, sultry and sexy. When I sing along I feel as if I  know what Fiona felt when she wrote and sang her songs. She is unbelievably  talented. Its no wonder she has received the recognition she so rightfully  deserves. Hats off to you Miss Apple. I'm anxiously awaiting the arrival of  your new CD In the Dawn...  I'm 100% positive that I love it just as much  as Tidal.
B00001QEE7|5.0|After years of disappointing Disney animated movies, along came the songwriting team of the late Howard Ashman and Alan Menken, who knew how to write big, bold commercial scores that retain an intimacy and a true sense  of character.  The Little Mermaid, their first feature for Disney, is  spectacular on every level: it features a wonderful variation on the old  fairy tale, and a cast of warmly appealing characters in real predicaments  of the heart and soul.  The animation swirls around you and is magically  transporting -- you will be enveloped in the worlds both beneath and above  the sea.  And of course the musical score fairly bursts at the seams.   Ariel and Prince Eric are truly sexy cartoons -- you will be amazed at how  they work their magic spell on you and your family.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden has always been so deep and romantic that it's no wonder so many people love them. It puts you in such a good happy mood to listen to men who sing about passion and feelings and love. It is all so poetic and  perfect and deep, the music is great and the singing is amazing. It makes  you sigh out of satisfaction!
B0000033OZ|5.0|This started it all - I would suggest to my young music fans to seriously consider using this record as your !what I want to be! model with a special mark for drums, percussion and keys.  (Guitar players see Jimmy Page, or  Jeff Beck).
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica's 'S &amp; M' is in just one word AWESOME!  The way the orchestra is mixed in with Metallica's heavy guitar and drums is absolutely perfect.  This is the best live album I have ever purchased.  The sound  quality is unbelievable.  These two discs have been the only CD's to rotate  into and out of my CD player since I got it.  If you are a die-hard  Metallica fan this is a MUST HAVE!
B0000046NB|5.0|One of the great recordings of all time.  Sarah's voice is perfectly recorded, and she was absolutely hitting her stride.  The players include three of the all-time greats: Herbie Mann,  Paul Quinichette, and the great  Clifford Brown.<br />Song highlights include the beautiful &quot;I'm Glad  There Is You,&quot; the serene &quot;April in Paris,&quot; and  &quot;Jim&quot;.  &quot;Jim&quot; is particularly notable for Brownie's  priceless solo -- one of the best recordings of Brownie at his peak shortly  before his tragic death.  The segue from Sarah to Brownie is a model of  everything vocal jazz is supposed to be.  If you don't get the chills,  check your pulse.<br />Some say Sarah was more of an operatic than a jazz  singer.  This album, with classic tunes played by a who's-who of 1950's  jazz, proves them wrong.<br />If you're going to buy only one Sarah Vaughan  album, this should probably be it, followed closely by &quot;Crazy and  Mixed Up.&quot;
0913866156|5.0|Handed down from Teacher to Student for Millenia, has been the Wisdom of the Paths of Life, and the Cycles thereof.    This Matrix is most profound, and only through allegory and symbolism is it rightfully Understood.      Master Therion equips a MAGEstic interlaced experience of the TORA, or  commonly Tarot...with Geometric and Superflous integrity. An exposure to  Occult (that which is hidden), for any whom care to Know.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie is absolutely fantastic!   Not only is the acting great, the special effects are unbelievable.  This movie is packed with action and a great story-line.  You can't go wrong!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|IT IS MY FAVORITE CD. I LOVE &quot;I KNEW I LOVED YOU&quot;
B00000K19E|5.0|A GREAT MOVIE, GOT TO KEEP IN FOCUS TO GET IT. WHATCH IT OVER &amp; OVER. KEEP IN MIND EVERY SPOKEN WORD. TO UNDERSTAND THE END.(SPECIALLY THE OLD WOMEN)
B0000011N5|5.0|Nobody writes lyrics like Donovan. Whether it's a complex, brooding ballad or a simple little ditty, his extraordinary and very original imagination comes bursting forth like (you guessed it) a flower in a garden. Listening  to this CD after not having heard the album for about 2 decades was a very  satisfying experience. Whether he's performing with a diverse group of  musicians or just singing with a solo guitar, Donovan emerges as a strong  performer who stands up very well to the test of time.
B000021Y74|5.0|I saw this movie this summer, and I was absolutely blown away.  Not only is the acting fantastic (especially by Franka Potente) but the subject matter was enthralling. Think &quot;Sliding Doors&quot; with an overdose of  adrenaline.  The concept of the movie (how would life be different if I  hadn't run into that person?) encouraged hours of discussion among my  friends.  Besides the intellectual part, this movie is highly entertaining  and there isn't enough dialogue for the subtitles to detract from the  action.  A must-see!
B000003BF1|4.0|Don't get me wrong here.  This is a very good recording and should be a apart of most record collections.  However, the country twang to it may not please everybody.  I basically have gotten use to the country flavored  aspects.  However, song wise I find the collection consistently very good  as opposed to desert island material.  I prefer Exile, Beggars Banquet, Ya  Ya's, Sticky Fingers, and a few others to this but thats just me.  Go for  it by all means.  4 1/2 stars out of 5.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This album is a must for anyone who has ever even liked one song Metallica has put out.  Metallica did the impossible by mixing an orchestra with heavy metal. &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; is probably the best song  on the two disc cd, but all the other songs on the second cd are close to  matching it for the best song on the album.  Do yourself a favor and buy  this cd, I think this may be the best cd put out this year by any band.
6305313687|5.0|This movie should be required viewing for high school students. Extremely powerful and moving. All of the actors were excellent.
0380973464|5.0|Stephenson's Cryptonomicon was thoroughly enjoyable. I had more fun reading this book than I've had reading any book in the past several years. Stephenson has perfectly captured the various personalities he describes,  whether it's the tech start-up in the Valley, the cryptanalysts in  Bletchley Park, or the insanity of war from the perspective of the grunts  who fight it out. It's all there.<br />For anyone who has even a passing  interest in issues of cryptography, government regulation, war-time  espionage, information theory, or technical innovation, this book is a must  read.<br />When I finished the book, I was actually disappointed there wasn't  more to read. I was excited to hear that he's already working on the next  episode in this story... there is certainly more to tell.<br />One last thing:  Memo to Tom Clancy - There is a way to make long books enjoyable. (Hint: it  has a lot to do with good writing, a thorough knowledge of the subject  matter, and a lack of a political agenda.)
B00002EPMF|5.0|With this record, Chuck takes Death's sound one step further by extending it to Control Denied. The album is a compelling mix of speed, power, and musical brilliance from Chuck and the rest of the band. The sound reminds  me a little of old Fates Warning ('Night on Brocken' or 'The Spectre  Within') sound, but better and much more brutal. This album just proves  that Chuck Schuldiner is a musical genius who deserves more credit from  people other than Death fans.
6304196938|5.0|People feel the need to qualify their love of this movie.  &quot;It is very entertaining,&quot; I hear.  Or someone will say, &quot;North by Northwest is one Hitchcock's greatest light films.&quot;  All, of course,  utter rubbish.  North by Northwest is simply one of the greatest films ever  made, period.  No need for qualifiers here.<br />Cary Grant, an ad man, is  mistaken for a spy and chased around America by both sides in the cold war.   Saint is the mysterious blonde who helps along the way.<br />People who  minimize this film usually focus on the fact that most of this film's plot  has been summarized in the above paragraph.  This is not a film for your  brain, however (although I still contend your mind will not starve feasting  on this movie), but for your feelings, physical and emotional.  The  suspense (which is greatly enhanced in widescreen) is near maddening, and  the heat and warmth of pure passion (yes, heat AND warmth) is an even more  exhausting rollercoaster ride than the usual thrills.  <br />Listing  highlights is near useless; either you already know them by heart, or they  will look pathetic reduced to the written word.  It is worth pointing out,  however, that for all the attention garnished on the more famous  cropdusting / Mount Rushmore scenes, the best moments here may well be at  the auction toward the end of the film.  Danger, both of life and of the  heart, is extremely palpable here, slithering down your neck, oozing down  your spine, and twisting over to smother your heart, and Hitch still  manages to sneak in some of his best laughs at the very same time!   Amazingly, neither the humor nor suspense is lessened by the other's  prescence.<br />Hitchcock didn't try to delve into warped psyches in this film  (a la Vertigo) or make any sort of political statement (a la Foreign  Correspondent); he simply wanted to do what he does best:  make a good  suspense film.<br />He wound up making the best one ever, and one of the five  or ten bestfilms of all time.
6305180261|5.0|I've never believed that I'd ever be let down by my life-time gods and luckily had the chance to have that patience they were once singin' about. So, maybe that is not really a farewell but a little more time out. This  video includes all the video-clips they have put out from the start. A true  candidate who doesn't want to miss the last train to the paradise city,  still has the chance to find the golden ticket...
0385484518|3.0|I enjoy tuesdays with Morrie very much.  We think we know what is invaluable to our life.  Sometimes we do, sometimes we don't. And as we grow older, we forget more what we do know.  And Moore's last lessions have  retold us what is the real stuff that is meaningful to you and me.<br />One  thing inspires me most is Moore's topic on forgiveness. Mitch feels  extremely unhappy and helpless because of his brother.  He wants to help  him in some way but his little brother rejects his good will.  This hurts  Mitch a lot.   What do you expect Moore to say?  Find it out in the book.   That is the most touching theme.<br />However, to great disappointment, the  author's voice seems a little bit too flattering in the book.  Mitch wants  to highlight the mightiness of his respectful teacher intentionally and  unintentionally.  The structure of the book is not as simple as it appears.   The prototype Mitch portrays on himself is so selfish and so small in  order to contrast with Moore's greatness.  This could be a good technique.  Yet, Mitch's presentation has finally diminished into some over-cast or  unbalanced flavor to convey the subject-matter.
B00000JGOH|5.0|When I saw this movie, I left the theater in a state of complete rapture. Never before has a movie affected me like this.
630522577X|5.0|This is my all-time favourite movie. If you love musicals, then this is for you! It is not-to-be-missed and a MUST for musical lovers. Audrey Hepburn was BORN to play Eliza and Rex Harrison was born to play Henry  Higgins. The story is based on Prof. Henry Higgins trying to teach a poor  flower-girl called Eliza Doolittle to become a noble young lady. They share  a love/hate relationship. The script could NOT have been better, and the  songs/lyrics/runes are THEE BEST! Marni Nixon does an EXCELLENT job dubbing  Audrey's singing voice.....and even Freddie Eyensford-Hill's singing voice  is soo romantic, since he sings a love song for Eliza. Overall, this is a  timeless masterpiece, and I cannot imagine ANYONE not liking it...... My  favourite songs are 'I Could Have Danced All Night' and 'Without You'. I  also love 'The Rain in Spain.' Overall, this musical movie deserves more  than TEN stars!
6304341849|5.0|i saw this movie 10 years ago and was astounded to see a period of my life on screen. complete with best friend who succumbs to social norm. this is a beuatiful movie from start to finish, james wilby is oscar worthy rupert graves sexy,sinister and sly. this is their best to date. this is the best  book em forster wrote the most poignant and powerful. it's  amazing how 80  years after writting it people will still relate and feel for this story.  the movie 95% is faithful to the book.the best &quot;gay themed&quot; movie  ever made. this just reaffirmed my theory .leave it to the english to  produce a movie on this subject that is beautiful,artistic,well done and  timelessly honest. not afraid to express itself,and uncompromisingly convey  the writters vision.
0345409671|4.0|The thinking behind this book has some interesting points to make and really does a wonderful job of creating the story.  It's unfortunate that this book was (so obviously) written very quickly.  Had Miss Rice taken the  time to go back and edit and pull it more solidly together she could have  constructed a true classic.  As it stands, anyone who can look past the  surface flaws and work with the core ideas will find material of interest.   It should be noted that this is less a story of Lestat than the earlier  Chronicles.  It has the feel of an idea she wanted to explore which she  chose to do by throwing Lestat into it, it doesn't seem that the story was  really constructed for him.
0385472951|5.0|grisham's attention to detail is wonderful in this novel about a man finally caught after a long run from the law.  The twists and turns in the plot are masterful, a must read!
1891252089|5.0|While David could use a good copy editor (there are a lot of typos and grammatical errors) this is the most user-friendly yoga book I've seen. The layout and copy content make it a very useful practice companion. I think  it is best suited for someone with previous yoga experience.  I would still  recommend Beryl Bender Birch's Power Yoga to a beginner.   She discusses  various pose modifications at length; a beginner might find that more  useful than the quick easy layout and helpful reminders found in David's  book.  Since David's book is great for a continuing practice, the two books  really go well together.
B000001EHS|5.0|Def Leppard suffered unfairly at the hands of the fashion police who deemed them passe and not relevant in the 90s and almost suddenly people were hiding away Def Lepp CDs and pretending they never existed. The band  was even booed and heckled on stage during their Slang Tour... Why even  their Record Label has virtually abandoned them... with very little support  in marketing Slang and Euphoria.<br />And this does not even begin to  accurately sum up the adversities which the band has faced throught it's  career... which are all well documented!<br />But the band has faced all this  in the best possible way.... THE MUSIC.  Def Leppard is one of the best  rock bands of their times.  Their sense of melody and their songcraft is  unparralleled... they made hard rock listenable and acceptable to every one  from the age of 7 to 70!<br />Coming to &quot;Vault&quot;... This album sums  up their career till 1995 and celebrates their heyday when it seemed that  they could score hits before you could even blink.<br />Photograph... Bringing  on the heartbreak... Hysteria... Pour Some Sugar on me... Armageddon it....  a seemingly endless line of hit singles that were at once catchy and  memorable.  This record seems to have more than it's fair share of  Adrenalize, but other than that one can have no complaints... just hours  and hours of pleasure.<br />Whatever the critics and fickle simple minded fans  say and think about the Lepps.... there will always be their music... great  timeless music... and of course 50 million in record sales to guarantee Def  Leppard their place in Rock Music's Hall of Fame!
6304618352|5.0|How could you not like this film? Nic and John have studied each other character to the finest detail. It is pure talent even if you find the plot slightly unbleaveable you will just love the action, the dialog and the  acting. This is my film of the century.
0385484518|5.0|I walked away from reading Tuesdays With Morrie in one sitting feeling as though someone had just hugged me.   The life and death themes of this book refocused me on what things matter most in life.   While the book is about  Morrie dealing with his own death, I found it more a vibrant book about  life.  I did feel, however, that while the book deals with issues up to the  point of death, it did not cover issues dealing with after death.  This is  left to the faith of the reader.   I loved this book.
0880389052|5.0|For years I have been making fun of my brother and his choice of literature - Fantasy.<br />Then I picked up Homeland. <br />less than 24 hours later I put it down and called my brother asking if he got any Salvatore  novels. <br />Every aspect of this book is brilliant. Why isn´t there a movie  based on salvatores work? Go to work Hollywood!<br />ps. I killed drizzt in  Baldur´s Gate...shame on my murderous soul!
B000002J29|5.0|In the midst of all the gag-inducing pop circulating the airwaves these days,I have become a young fan of Genesis.I've been listening to the music ever since I was a baby since my dad was such a big fan.As I became older,I  started stealing live cds of my dad's to listen to them.Recently,I listened  to my dad's copy of Seconds Out (on an actual album!).It was wonderful! I  have always been partial to the live works myself,and I was taken by this  recording.I really want to start my own Genesis collection,much like my  dad's,and I'm making sure I include Seconds Out in it.P.S.,I really loathe  today's pop scene,which has really made me appreciate the music of Genesis.
B00000J6AG|4.0|In the mood for some original beats? Try the much talked about &quot;Bodyrock&quot;.  Yearning for a simple uplifting verse?  Then &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad&quot; will deliver. A must have.  Worth  it and the endless minutes of joy this cd provides.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The Matrix has to be one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen.Visually,dazzling.The effects were beyond belief,and the stunts were even better.Excellent action scenes to keep one in never ending  suspense.Acting-wise,surprisingly fun.(Laurence)Fishburne's performance was  terrific.I'm glad he was cast for the part instead of Val Kilmer(who was  originally selected for the role of Morpheus);he MADE the character of  Morpheus.A very thought provoking script,making me contemplate my reality  as I walked out of the theater after watching the movie.I was at first  disappointed when I heard it wouldn't be released on VHS,but when I saw it  in store flyers w/a Dec.7 release date,I almost literally jumped for joy.I  would recommend this movie a thousand times over.It's a movie that gets the  viewer totally involved.
B000002H6C|1.0|By his own admission Kirk Hammett overplayed on this one and even he can't stand to listen to it anymore, not that he's such a good guitarist anyway.
0451169514|5.0|Amazing,absolutely amazing. This book is so incredibly frightening and intense that it literally pulls you into it.It is incredibly real and I would reccomend it to anyone who genuinely  loves horror.
B00002Z88D|1.0|Death Angel were a much more talented and musically inclined bay area band and Room With A View is a better ballad then Sanitarium, One, Fade to Black, The Unforgiven and any other metallica overated and overplayed  ballad or song put together.<br />Death Angel are the true pride of the bay  area along with Merycful Fate who had the misfortune of these posers trying  to cover a medley of their songs, cowboy jaymzzz doesnt even come close to  King Diamond!<br />Abigail!
B000000WJZ|5.0|As a longtime Pumpkins fan, I have spent a good deal of my time listening to as much of their stuff as I can get my hands on.  As great as their whole body of work is, Siamese Dream is quite possibly their strongest  album.  The wall-to-wall guitars fill the whole disc with a rich, fluid  sound.  As a guitarist myself, I can listen to every song over and over to  soak in the layers of guitar on every track.  The rythym section is no  slouch either.  The drumming on this album is as strong and solid as  drumming can get.  The bottom line about this album is that it has  beautiful production values, outstanding songs, and just about the best  guitar work you could ask for.  Unfortunatly, my copy has begun skipping in  the middle of 'Cherub Rock' (my favorite Pumpkins song of all time), so  I'll need to replace it.
B00002Z88D|1.0|For recent years people have been telling me about Metallica and how good they are so i decided to see what all the fuss was about. To my dissapointment i really do not understand what is so good about them, they  are ok musicians (nothing too special) but i found this and the black album  quite monotonous and at times boring. It seems that the theory that chart  topping material bites is true in this case as it is for other acts such as  the backstreet boys and the like.
B00001P4RI|4.0|I've waited a long time for a solo effort from Brendan Perry, one half of the now defunct (no pun intended) Dead Can Dance. While the voice is unmistakable, the style is more in the vein of Mark Eitzel (American Music  Club) - laconic and introspective (though missing Eitzel's stuporous  musings). After DCD's &quot;Toward the Within&quot;, one of the great live  sets of all time, I'm left wanting for the polyrhythmic intensity Perry and  company thrilled us with. Nonetheless, the ambiance and musicality of  &quot;Eye Of the Hunter&quot; is still Dead to the core. Perhaps his next  outing will be a little more lively.
B00001ZUGJ|4.0|I found the movie to be outstanding. In the DVD format I purchased, the ability to listen to the ongoing commentary discussing the making of the film was especially intriguing.<br />However, I ran into difficulty when  launching the DVD viewer. It continually hung up with the launching of the  designated icon. Other DVD's I have viewed did not have this difficulty.  Just a word of caution...be prepared to re-install your DVD drivers on a  Windows 98 platform!
B00002Z88D|5.0|I would give this album 6 stars if there were six or more available.  This album truly is a classic to be.  The merger surely brings out a different side of the band.  Something different, but yet unchanged metallica  stuff.....very good.
0385484518|5.0|This book was one of the best books I have ever read throughout my life.  It is about an old professor teaching a 30 year-old man the lessons of life.  These life lessons have proved to help me with my life as well as  making me cry when I read the book.  This book is wonderful and definitely  deserves 5 stars if not 6.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is a fantastic film, it has plenty of special effects,action and Keanu Reeves.
0671027344|1.0|Everyone else is giving rave reviews about this book. When Ichecked it out of the library, it looked interesting enough. But whenI started reading it, I was completely bored by it. I know some bookstake awhile to get into, but after reading 5 pages I knew I was never going to like this book. And the way that the book is written to &quot;dear friend&quot; was rather annoying as well. I surmise that the author is trying to create some sort of &quot;Everyman&quot; in the protagonist, which is why he writes to society, maybe (?). But it was just impersonal and trite. Maybe I'm missing something, but I recommend staying away from this book. It isn't a classic and it isn't worth your time.
B000001DQI|4.0|Okay, I'm aware that I'm overrating this one a bit.  But after writing several negative Amazon reviews for Elton's first three U.S. studio albums, I'm ready to praise this pop effort.  Honky Chateau, Don't Shoot Me,  Goodbye Yellow Brick Road, Captain Fantastic, and Rock of the Westies (no,  I didn't forget Caribou...I'm just not all that crazy about it) mark  Elton's best period.  And one has to admire Elton's effort to release a  double-record of pure pop.  Bennie and the Jets still remains one of my  all-time favorite pop songs.  Nevertheless, I feel that this would have  made a perfect single album.  Elton John is a genius, no doubt about it,  but he's a frustratingly inconsistent genius.  He's an influential and  talented songwriter who, sadly, never recorded a truly great album.  Oh,  he's made some very good records (Honky Chateau), but never a classic.  If  he'd trimmed some of the fat off of this record, Goodbye Yellow Brick Road  would qualify as one of pop music's most important recordings.
B00000K3D4|5.0|Yes I am one of those people who have been waiting for years for this video to be re-released and yes I am a Bowie fan, but I was a fan of his music long before this movie came out.  Labyrinth just enforced my devotion  to his work.  I think he makes a intriging and convincing Goblin King.  The  backgrounds and brooding musical score will make you wish for a world you  could live in and stay with the Fieries, Hoggle, Ludo and definitely, the  Goblin King.  If I where Sara, I would have stayed in the Labyrinth.
B000001EG6|2.0|Okay, folks, sit down by the fire.  Let me tell you a story.  Once upon a time, many years ago, I was 15 and I bought this record at a garage sale.  I'd actually heard most of Elton's later material before buying the  self-titled, American debut, and yes, I, too thought it was extraordinary  upon first listen.  I loved the strings on Sixty Years On, the harpsichord  on I Need You to Turn To, the fade-in, impromptu humming refrain of The  Greatest Discovery.<br />Now, however, the story takes a turn. As a 28  year-old adult I find this record overwrought and a bit dull.  And like  Elton's two follow-up records (Tumbleweed Connection and Madman Across the  Water...also disappointing in my opinion) EJ simply hadn't yet realized his  true gift (and an erratic, inconsistent gift, at that): namely, that he's a  master of glitzy, bright, incredibly catchy pop tunes.  This record  portends to be &quot;significant&quot; and that's its downfall.  Bernie  Taupin simply isn't all that talented of a lyricist and on songs like First  Episode at Heinton, I feel genuinely embarrassed for Elton and Bernie.   Throw in some sappy strings, murky moog synthesizers, and a whole lot of  pseudo-renaissance kitsch, and I'm ready to scream.  My advice?  Skip  straight ahead to Honky Chateau.  That's where the fun begins.
B000002UZ4|5.0|This is PSB from '86 - '92 and is a perfect album for people who havent heard them before and want an intro to PSB's wizardry.<br />This is one album i'll definetly take to my grave !
B00000I8BX|5.0|I've heard heavy music before, but I would say this album is probably the heaviest album I have ever heard.  The guitar riffs good old Dino pumps out are some of the heaviest I've heard, and what makes Dino's playing more  impressive is that he doesn't have to show off by doing solos.  I mean I  like solos, but sometimes they can mess up a song, but in this case, that  isn't true.  I also think Raymond Herrera, the drummer, is probably the  most skilled drummer in the metal scene today. He plays so fast with such  skill that it would take the average drummer years to get up to his level  of playing.  As for vocals, I love how aggressive and powerful they really  are.  I like how Burton can go from a loud growl to actually singing like  during the choruses.  That's skill.  As for favorite tracks on the album, I  would consider Shock, Edgecrusher, Obsolete, and Ressurection the best  ones.  But as for being my absolute favorite, Obsolete would win.  I  consider it one of the heaviest tracks ever with one of the meanest guitar  lines ever created.  A sure work of art.  But who am I to kid around, the  album as a whole is very heavy, a must for any metal fan, and for that  matter, anyone who digs music should have this album.  It's a work of art,  and I'd like to see another group top this.
B000021XS0|5.0|dream theater is one of the most talented all around bands i have ever heard.  and this album is just a true show of thier talents.  it is awesome.
0425170349|5.0|My god, this is a great book. Once I got past page 100 i couldn't put it down. THis was the first military book i've ever read, and I want to read another!  Clancy really wrote so you would route for Rainbow group.
B000000OQF|4.0|Gun's and Roses is one of the most overrated groups that ever.  This album, though, is good enough.  Axl Rose is a jerk who must make himself feel better by damaging others.  If you want a real group then go look at  Nirvana
B000031WD9|4.0|I missed American Pie in the theatres, but I wasn't heartbroken about that.  I didn't think I'd like the movie based on the previews, but after hearing enough people rave about it, I bought the unrated DVD.  I was  pleasently suprised.  American Pie isn't a &quot;classic&quot;, and it  won't go down in history as a hugely influential film.  But, it's funny...  really funny.  The plot of four teenage virgins trying to get laid before  prom is ludicrous, in fact, most of the movie is.  But, the story does a  fine job of capturing how a teenage boy thinks and poking (pardon the pun)  fun at a young man's sexual experimentation.  Everyone remembers feeling  they were the last virgin left on earth.  I was especially fond of Eugene  Levy's part as the awkward, yet extremely caring, father.  The &quot;band  camp&quot; girl is riot; we all know someone like that :-)  Those that are  easily offended should probably avoid this movie, as there are quite a few  raunchy scenes.  It isn't a &quot;purchase&quot; for everyone, but I think  most people will find something funny about American Pie.  If you don't  take the plunge and buy it, at least make an effort to see it.
B00003003R|5.0|INcredible-This Cd will blow you away, If your a GNR fan this is a must have and if you are unfarmiliar with their work this is a fantastic place to start. Other reviewers are complaining about songs left off and that  only pays tribute to the fact that GnR cant cover their greatest hits in  2cds even though they only released 3 full albums. Just shows you how great  they really were, I love all of these songs, quite a few even sound better  than the originals, recommend for any Music fan
B00002MZ12|5.0|Of course, that's only my opinion. But there are a lot of good things to say about this album. First of all, The Police's &quot;King of Pain&quot; is a beautiful song, and it's fitting that Alanis Morissette should do a  cover of it. It suits her vocal style, and it's very moving. &quot;Princes  Familiar&quot; is actually one of my favourite songs on this album -- it's  hardly &quot;left out for good reason.&quot; Of course, the reason for my  liking it is simply that I'm a lot of the things she sings about  (philosophical, tapped into feminity, etc.). But if I can identify with it  on an emotional level, it's okay so far as I'm concerned. The new version  of &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; is possibly better than the original. She's  dropped the fiercely angry, harsh voice for one that's more vulnerable and  sad -- and I love the sound of violins, which have been added. It's still  an &quot;angry song&quot; because of the lyrics, but it's now a more  futile, desperate anger. The most moving song on the album. It was a  wonderful decision, because it makes one look at that song in a whole new,  fresh light; and it's just as, if not more, emotionally effective, though  in an entirely less aggressive way. My only real complaint is &quot;These R  The Thoughts&quot; -- but even this song is not that bad. Good job, Alanis!  If any artist should do an unplugged album, it should be you -- and, hey,  you did! ;)
B00000JGOH|3.0|This film is visually stunning and filled with erudite references to Shakespeare and his times, so it is with regret I admit I don't want to see the movie more than once--okay, maybe twice or even thrice.  To my taste,  the movie is too accessible--for which you read Hollywood &quot;bends&quot;  reality to make a good love story.  My main gripe:  Shakespeare didn't need  anyone to help him write--not with an output of approximately two plays a  year for twenty years--that's why he is rightly called the greatest genius  of English literature.
B000000993|5.0|This is an intense album. The lead singer sings with incredible range and anger. The bass is unique and very heavy and I personally think that the drummer is the best. He is right on in every song. Undertow is the best of  the three albums released because it is full length, unlike Opiate and it  is without as much of the wierd stuff as heard in Aenima. Tracks 1-10 are  nice. &quot;Crawl Away&quot; is the best song they have released to date.
0425129586|5.0|I have been a fan of Christie's for years.  This is possibly her very best of all.  As the figures vanish from the mantelpiece and the characters vanish from the scene one by one, the suspense she builds is almost  unbearable.  And the solution is dazzling (this from a lady who was an  expert at &quot;surprise&quot; endings); you simply won't believe it until  you read it!  Superb.
B00000272N|5.0|If you are an Alice in Chains fan, this album is a must. Facelift is the initial commercial release, and in many respects, it is the best. I think that AIC is at their best when they are absolutely rocking and Layne Staley  is matching the intensity of the song with his unique voice. I would say  that he has the coolest voice in modern rock. He sings lead in all of the  songs, which is nice becasue Cantrell has a decent voice, but Staley is the  man who makes Alice in Chains who they are. It is much heavier than Jar of  Flies and obviously Unplugged, and it just has a better sound than the self  titled album. I would recommend Facelift, Dirt, Sap, and Jar of Flies in  that order, and everything else is not essential. Of course the Music Bank  would be nice if you are willing to spend 40 bucks. Facelift rocks big  time. I would recommend it.
B00000AFWZ|5.0|I was only in single digits when these songs came out, but it was surprising how many I remembered.  You didn't have to grow up in this era to appreciate the music that's on this fun set.  Hearing all the  obscurities, copycats and the truly weird stuff was a hoot (The Remains  deserved much better!).  This beats listening to a tired oldies station  spinning the same tired songs over and over.  It also beats listening to  that vapid corporate pop that pollutes the airwaves today.  For anyone that  missed this 'golden era' and wants to explore 60's music beyond just  'Surfin USA' or 'Sherry', then this set is for you.  The booklet that comes  with the CDs is worth the price of admission by itself.  One of the best  reissues of all time.
6304457391|5.0|With Burt Lancaster and Kirk Douglas pitted against each other under the direction of John Frankenheimer, this movie could not be less than excellent.  <br />In the daily friction that often exists between the military  and executive branches, this movie is as timeless as the year it was  released shortly after JFK's assination.  In a military setting, Douglas's  character faithfully serves Lancaster's only to find out he is left on the  outside of a master coup d'etat of the United States government.<br />Fredrick  March's portrayal of the President is stellar.  The tension and emotion  generated between these three characters is quality acting rarely achieved.   The final confrontation between Douglas and Lancaster is one of the best  lines ever recorded in film.
B00001ZWTS|5.0|Wild Wild West rocked!I liked it because there weren't alot alot of cuss words.I think that Will Smith and Kevin Kline did a good job in the movie.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie was definetly one of my favorites.  Keanu Reeves was awesome!  It's a must for any lovers of action, sci-fi, or weird movies...  After watching The Matrix, you'll never be able to see the world the way you used  to.  It deserves two thumbs up by far!
B00000163G|5.0|I personally believe that 2pac was the greatest rapper ever to live.  I also believe that this is the best CD he has ever put out.  Now, almost 4 years after its release, I still listen to it very often.  I buy at least 2  or 3 CD's a month, yet I always come back to this one.  Every song on this  album has catchy beats, and great lyrics.  He has guests, yet he also has  songs where he raps solo.  One of my favorite tracks is &quot;When we  Ride&quot;, with the Outlaw Immortalz.  The Outlaws are a group of rappers  Pac hand picked.  They are, in my oppinion, the most underrated rap group  in the game today.  This is definately a must-buy... and I don't use the  term loosely.  This is without a doubt, a hip-hop classic.
B000023VR6|5.0|An instant classic.... what can one say?  Dr. Dre, with all the classic beats and guests.  It's a non-stop disc that you play from start to end without interuptions.  Enough said.
1563894696|5.0|Batman: The long Halloween. (TLH for short) Simply, IMHO, the greatest Batman story I have ever read.  The Dark Knight was excellent but it was more of a swansong type of story.  Year One was also very good but I  believe this is superior. TLH shows the Bruce / Batman duality very well,  the writing and art style and pacing make this story almost movie-like and  had me on the edge of my seat for the entire reading. I didn't know the  identity of &quot;Holiday&quot; before I read the book so I was quite  surprised. All current Bat titles should take a page from the Loeb / Sale  Bat playbook amd bring the mystery and legend of Batman back to it's former  glory. Personally I believe that Year One and TLH are perfect for a TV  Batman series in the style of Homicide: Life on the Street or Law and  Order. Hollywood bigwigs take notice of the last Batman movie atrocity and  learn. For those who enjoyed TLH the Loeb / Sale team are puting out a  sequel called Batman: Dark Victory. It seems to be up to their standards  and my surpass TLH. Reading it its good for your brain. ;)
B000002WYT|5.0|The pairing of #41 and Say Goodbye is outstanding and it's very hard to listen to one without the other.  The cool-jazz feel of #41 gets you in the mood to hear Dave wax fantastic about an amazing one-night love.  And those  aren't even the best songs!  My personal favorite is Lie in Our Graves,  which if you listen carefully, has the blueprint for living life to the  fullest.  Nothing new, but so easy to forget in this world.  &quot;I can't  believe that we would lie in our graves wishing we had spent our living  days well, I can't believe that we would lie in our graves dreaming of  things that we might have been.&quot;
6305609691|4.0|Apocalypse Now gives off a weird vibe. It grabs you as soon as it starts, and you get this weird feeling that you just can't seem to shut the thing off. You're just paralyzed because of it's INCREDIBLE images. The only  reason I give it 4 stars is because it starts to drag off when they get to  Brando's island. But his speech about horror will get you right back into  the movie again; too bad there's only 10 minutes left afterwards. A great  buy for movie buffs, especially if war is your genre. <br />P.S. The music in  this movie is reaaaally freaky. It almost turns the movie into a bonified  horror flick.
0316548189|5.0|Please allow yourself a moment to Think before you turn the first page of this manuscript: Think about your name; Think about your family; Think about the warmth of sunlight on your skin; Think about the gift you have to  think; Think about things you love and tastes you cherish most; Think about  someone you would never wish to live without;and then Think for just a  moment, about the cause for which you'd be willing to sacrifice all of the  above and so much more for a period of indescribable sufference of  spirit-breaking duress. Such strength of mind is perhaps too rare for most  of us to even contemplate, however welcome now to the mind that  could.<br />This manuscript is one of the most important pieces of literature  ever laid to ink - cherish it and use it to make your own world a little  wiser.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix, a blend of complex sci-fi and spicey action to make your teeth bleed.  Matrix is so good.  The best special effects I have ever seen since Jarassic Park.  It is as if you were part of the cyber world inside your  computer.  I recommend this to all you Sci-fi lovers and action lovers.   This is the Christmas present that keeps on giving.
0316548189|5.0|Please allow yourself a moment to Think before you turn the first page of this manuscript: Think about your name; Think about your family; Think about the warmth of sunlight on your skin; Think about the gift you have to  think; Think about things you love and tastes you cherish most; Think about  someone you would never wish to live without;and then Think for just a  moment, about the cause for which you'd be willing to sacrifice all of the  above and so much more for a period of indescribable sufference of  spirit-breaking duress. Such strength of mind is perhaps too rare for most  of us to even contemplate, however welcome now to the mind that  could.<br />This manuscript is one of the most important pieces of literature  ever laid to ink - cherish it and use it to make your own world a little  wiser.
6300185311|3.0|This movie was okay.  Not as great as Doris Day's and Rock Hudson's first pairing, but still entertaining.  A must see, though, for their fans.
079073382X|5.0|Beautiful story, beautifully crafted, with beautiful locations and beautiful characters played by beautiful actors (particularly Ms Delpy, whose mere face proves God's existence beyond doubt) who engage in  beautiful sweet nothings while falling in love on a night in Vienna.<br />Only problem is, after a while you start thinking  &quot;how come none  of this ever happens to me?&quot;, and you start getting beautifully  depressed, and then just plain depressed, and at the end you leave the  theatre feeling utterly miserable.<br />Hey, that's just me talking! By all  means don't miss it, just don't see it alone, that's all! Get a date  first!
B000006O7C|5.0|This album compares and contrasts with his previous album &quot;Grace.&quot; It compares with it by invoking the same sort of romantic nerve of everyone's deep down soul.  It contrasts by doing it in a  totally new and fresh way. Eliot Smith's album, XO, comes to mind when i  listen to this album, but they both stand alone on their own platforms.  Listen to &quot;Haven't You Heard&quot; for the most amazing song to ever  be recorded. So, if you liked &quot;Grace&quot; expect the same quality,  just a in a different way.
B000021Y7X|4.0|This is undoubtedly the Talking Heads at both their creative and commercial peaks. 'Speaking In Tongues'was their best album to date, and the live performances captured here imbue the music with a sense of  unrestrained fun that was only hinted at on record.<br />The sound quality of  the DVD edition is excellent (especially the bass), as is the picture  quality (colors are crisp and the contrast is excellent) - plus it's nice  to finally have an edition of the video presented in widescreen.<br />There's  some interesting stuff among the extras, especially the storyboards (which  can be viewed either alone, with notes, or in split screen with stills from  the completed film). The David Byrne 'self-interview' is artful in its  awkwardness, with one David Byrne in a number of different costumes  interviewing a David Byrne wearing the big suit. There's a funky montage  that works slightly better than the theatrical trailer that is also  included; otherwise, they're almost interchangeable.<br />My only complaint  with this re-mastered edition is that the three songs (Cities, Big  Business, and I Zimbra) that were included in the original video release  have been relegated to bonus tracks, rather than integrated into the film.  Not only that, but they are presented in fullscreen/pan &amp; scan format  rather than in the widescreen format of the film, and in little more than a  straight transfer. The improvements in image and sound quality of the film  proper are sadly lacking here. The colors and contrast are dull in  comparison, as is the quality of the soundtrack.<br />Well worth repeated  viewings. Fix up them bonus tracks, and you've got a 5-star presentation...
6305095442|5.0|Stephen King has nothing to do with this series, he only had the quote on the box/poster of the original movie.<br />so ppl can ignore the comment a few down from here.
B000009EAD|5.0|This CD is a must have !  Totally lovin it...get it !
0671027344|4.0|This is a VERY good book and you don't even have to be a teenager to like it. I wasn't going to buy it but then I started flipping through it in the bookstore and I became hooked. I also loved the character of Charlie, tears and all. This isn't one of the best books I've ever read, but it is the one  I think I've enjoyed the most.
0440224764|4.0|The plot was as suspensful and intriguing as you will find.  You will not want to put the book down .  Twists and turns throughout the entire book make it great but the abrupt and disappointing ending ruins the fun of  having a happy ending.
0060925000|5.0|Anything this long that keeps my attention has got to be rated with five stars.  I really admire Seth for his ability to pull it off. Although I've only spent six years of my adult life in India, Seth seems to have captured  all social classes and situations, from political to cultural, and weaves  many stories into one.  I especially liked the part about the musicians,  which shows he certainly knows something about Hindustani music.  And the  final marital choice was obvious and easy to guess, pick &quot;Mr. Dull  Nice Guy,&quot; for the sake of security. It's been a while since I read  it, and perhaps one needs a familiarity with India and its culture to  completely appreciate it, but friends of mine who have never been there,  still enjoyed it and were anxious to discuss it. A very good read.
B000002UA0|5.0|The difference between Barrett and Waters is that of an artist and an architect.  Barrett himself said so in '71, dismissing his old band as performing like 'architecture students'.  Where the Dark Side of the Moon  for eg is masterfully constructed and produced, this album is light years  ahead in terms of originality and inspiration, and the highlight of the  performance rests in Barrett's impulsive, propulsive &amp; captivating  guitar.  He's probably the finest example of a guitarist who doesn't  particularly care about the technicalities, but has the ear and the  creativity to play brilliantly.  He blends Keith Richard's style blues  licks with his own brand of chromatic runs and choppy rhythms, some of his  work is a note-by-note precursor to Robert Smith.  His songs throughout  'Piper' are luminous, vital, original creations that in no way mirror the  stodgy and turgid muck that is to be found on later Floyd albums.  The  album stands today as a fine example of creative visionary songwriting at  its peak.  Do people realise that David Bowie made a most astute appraisal  when he said...&quot;...after Syd Barrett there was no more Pink  Floyd&quot;.  Period.
6301963717|5.0|Yes, FARGO won lots of awards; and sure, RAISING ARIZONA is funny; but make no mistake: MILLER'S CROSSING is the quintessential Coen brothers film.  In point of fact, it's flawless, a jewel you can turn over and  around in your hands again and again, seeing a new facet every time, each  one striking and smooth and perfect.<br />Joel Coen and Ethan Coen's script is  awash with Prohibition-era jargon both historically grounded and  whimsically invented, a symphony of phrases and exchanges that linger and  echo long after being heard.  It isn't unusual after a viewing to walk  around asking friends, &quot;What's the rumpus?&quot;, or to complain about  being given &quot;the high hat&quot; upon being snubbed.  (Good dialogue  always has a way of worming its way into common parlance, but only  _excellent_ dialogue can do so in defiance of instant  recognizability.)<br />The performances, as well, are individually and  collectively irresistable.  I defy you, in fact, to find a single film in  which _any_ of the major players has ever been better.  There's not a false  or miscast note in the whole of the dramatis personae.  There's Gabriel  Byrne as the inscrutable, Machiavellian Tom Regan, a trusted Irish mob  advisor who falls out of favor with the boss and defects to the rival  Italian camp to save his own skin...or does he?  Albert Finney plays Leo,  the aforementioned Irish power broker whose fists of iron, vicious survival  instinct, and all-too-vulnerable heart congeal into a simply remarkable,  unforgettable character.  John Turturro is equal parts pathetic outcast and  conniving opportunist as Bernie Birnbaum, the unscrupulous, vampirically  pale bookmaker whose shady maneuvers set the whole plot into motion.   Marcia Gay Harden exudes fierce intelligence and buckets of carefully-aimed  sex appeal as Bernie's sister Verna, whose unflagging drive to protect her  brother -- even from himself -- almost excuse her twisted machinations.   Jon Polito, as hot-tempered Italian ringleader Johnny Caspar, may be the  only character at hand to actually feel sorry for, as his oddly consistent  ethical code makes it a sure bet he doesn't stand a chance in this  environment.<br />There's more to say about the acting, of course, but I'll  stop there rather than pour accolades onto the entire cast.  And when I say  &quot;entire,&quot; I'm not exaggerating: _every_ person who comes into  frame, each and every one, from the leads to the smaller parts to the  people with one line or none at all, fit together and play off of each  other as though they'd been born to do nothing else in their entire lives.   The resultant effect actually makes it difficult to subsequently keep from  noticing acting and casting problems in other films.<br />A few brief words  about some of the other eleements of production.  Barry Sonnenfeld's  sure-footed photography, as always, is smooth and steady where appropriate,  and frenetic where necessary.  The set design and costuming make for such  an astonishing illusion that were this not a color film, you might actually  forget that it was released 9 and not 69 years ago.  And even the sound --  from the music (diegetic and otherwise) to the crystal-clear sound effects  that pierce the visual and draw you in by the ears, like they're supposed  to -- is a _presence_ in its own right throughout the film.  I mean, when  was the last time ice cubes dropping into an old-fashioned glass or the  wringing out of an alcohol-soaked rag into a tinny dish felt truly _woven_  into the designed effect of a scene in a movie?<br />What continues to amaze  me about MILLER'S CROSSING is that no matter how many times I see it,  regardless of how hard I look, I _can't find anything wrong with it_.   That's an extremely rare situation in my experience.  It's what we all want  out of a movie, and almost never get.  MILLER'S CROSSING delivers exactly  that feeling, and when Tom Regan leans against that tree and adjusts that  hat in the haunting final shot, he knows it just as surely as we do.  He  doesn't seem to feel especially happy about it, but that's okay.  _You_  will.
B000002QWD|5.0|This album is not only a Christmas icon; it explains in song why Bing Crosby was among the most beloved entertainers ever. Crosby was the first popular vocalist to sing in the warm, personal style used by performers,  regardless of genre, ever since. This style has since become the blueprint  for Christmas music, and Bing gives definitive versions of these carols.  &quot;Jingle Bells,&quot; and &quot;Santa Claus Is Coming to Town&quot; are  swinging and witty. The hymns &quot;Faith of Our Fathers&quot; and  &quot;Adeste Fidelis&quot; are delivered as solemnly as if they were sung  at St. Patrick's Cathedral during Holy Eucharist. Speaking of St. Patrick,  &quot;Christmas in Killarney&quot; (along with &quot;White Christmas,&quot;  of course) epitomises Bing Crosby's public persona, combining Irish and  holiday sentimentality in one song. This collection is as essential a  holiday recording as has ever been made, for musical and historical  reasons.
0679457313|5.0|Simply the most engaging book I've ever read. I've no more to say
6303617719|4.0|Put these two actors in an empty room and you'll be entertained, let alone in France accompanied by a TRES cute storyline.  Meg and Dave do no wrong in this romantic comedy about getting even, getting rich, getting off a  plane (and on) and getting the boy/girl (back).  What more would you expect  from a couple of disfunctional yet loveable nerds? Subtle and simple humor,  great character developement and realistic execution make French Kiss fun  to watch over and over again and again, etc... especially when you're  looking for a sign of ubiquitous hope.  It COULD happen!
0767817664|5.0|This definietley a great vampire movie and I love watching over sometimes. I especially like how that remade Amanda Bearse and Chris Sarandon over. Great film to get on DVD.
B00000K3UR|1.0|If you consider an unimaginative plot, street language used by a toddler, and public urination to be entertainment, then this movie might be for you.  Otherwise, I suggest you skip this movie.<br />&quot;Big Daddy&quot; is  billed as a comedy, but I found little to laugh about.  Furthermore, the  plot was predictable and shallow.  I would not recommend this film to  anyone.
B000009QPE|4.0|Though it is not as deep or varied as Metallica's thrash opuses, Slayer's Reign in Blood is arguably faster and more brutal than anything else in the genre. The best thing about it is how it starts out at maximum intensity  and doesn't let up. The riffing is impressive though the solos are nothing  to sneeze at. A great speed metal record.
B00000K19E|5.0|&quot;The Matrix&quot; is a very good movie, with a good plot and X-tremly cool special effects.  I swear who ever thought of this plot is a genius!  I thought that i wouldn't be interested in &quot;The Matrix&quot;, because  i wasn't a computer person. I WAS SO WRONG!  Keanu Reeves puts on a  proformance of a life time! And the whole thing was terific! Now that i  have seen it, when ever one of my friends asks me what movie they should  rent, the first movie that comes to my head is &quot;Matrix&quot;!   I  suggest this movie to ANYONE! Especially anyone who LOVES Keanu Reeves!  (like myself!) if you want to see an action packed movie full of kick A#$  special effects, get &quot;The Martrix&quot; and you will be so glad that  you did!
6305169187|1.0|the special effects were good but thats all. is it possible to train a group of stubborn, lazy,  sex-crazed, obnoxious and out of shape idiot-savants in less than a month to be astronauts? I don't think so!
0679746048|5.0|I read this book five years ago when it came out, and just re-read it again.  Even if it takes a sure to be mediocre Winona Ryder movie to bring it to the forefront of public thought, so be it...because this a wonderful,  engrossing book.  I have a history of manic depression in my family, and  what I think I love most about this book is that is addresses that fine  line between the &quot;sane&quot; and the &quot;insane&quot;.  I love when  she poses the question...is insanity when you &quot;drop the act?&quot;.   There is such truth to that statement.  I appreciate the honesty and  simplicity of this book, the way a short observation of a relatively minor  event (such as the comical description of a trip to the local ice cream  parlor) can speak volumes as to the &quot;day in the life&quot; of these  young girls.  Each character is fleshed out in such a poignant, funny  way...I felt like I literally was a part of their lives.  And I beleive  that Susanna's conclusions about whether she truly belonged there are  balanced...she leaves it to the reader to make their own judgement.  This  is an intelligent, touching story and I highly recommend it.
B000002UDV|5.0|Judging by the number of reviews just on Amazon, this album is still impressing and affecting people after 30+ years, a good sign that Brian Wilson must have tapped into something that people identify with--according  to Brian (and I'm paraphrasing, forgive me), through the music he wanted  people to feel loved.  And, there is that here, in the joyous strains of  &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot; (with probably one of the most famous  opening drumbeats in pop history), and &quot;You Still Believe in Me&quot;,  but there's also a lot of longing, loneliness, questioning and  disappointment between the grooves, all complimented wonderfully by the  atmospheric and ethereal arrangements played mainly by Brian and session  musicians.  This is probably one of the first and finest examples of a true  studio creation--a concept album where all of the tracks seem of a piece.   Even the lyrics have grown past the cars, girls and surfing; intentional or  not, &quot;God Only Knows&quot; has deceptively simple verses that double  back on their meaning (&quot;I may not always love you/but long as there  are stars above you/you never need to doubt it/I'll make you so sure about  it...&quot;).  Maybe it doesn't come through just reading it, but that's  about as close to poetry pop music comes in my opinion--the second verse  does the same trick (even better).  Two evocative instrumentals here as  well.   I think it's futile to compare this with &quot;Sgt. Pepper,&quot;  though many people do--let each rest on their own merits (and remember,  &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; came before &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;--the Beach Boys'  &quot;rebuttal&quot; was going to be &quot;Smile&quot;, the project that  never made its way to record as a whole).  A lot of people helpfully say,  &quot;If you like so-and-so, then you'll like this&quot;, but I think this  is one of the few records that anyone who loves pop music (or heck, even  &quot;music&quot; in general) should have in their collection.
0792156684|1.0|Yes, I watch this film religiously, each time in the hope that our Leo lets Ms Winslett drop to her watery doom. Want another reason for just the 1 star? Celine Dion.
B000009VOL|2.0|I bought this CD based on the many rave reviews below. The mentions of Flannery O'Connor, Faulkner, Geechie Wiley (! ), and Dock Boggs (! ) made me expect a starkly gorgeous, whiskey-tinged ragged gleaming moon of an  album. I couldn't resist--the reviewers all sounded so convinced of Chan  Marshall's integrity, spirit, and blazing (though intriguingly imperfect)  talent. What a letdown! Cat Power is far from being in the league of any of  these people. The &quot;Moonshiner&quot; song (from a Dylan bootleg), which  many reviewers adore, is a whiny gentrified attempt at emotional  authenticity and rawness--and it is NOT so bad that it's good. Chan  Marshall's voice is indeed beautiful--but she can't touch on the blues or  hymns without sounding like she's trying too hard. It doesn't help that the  two Dirty Three-ers back her up with overwrought, rhythmically inept  instrumentals. Her &quot;ethereal&quot; major-key songs dissolve into a  non-descript, insipid, Beth Orton-like puddle of watercolors like the ones  hanging on a dentist's waiting room wall. I listened to the album  repeatedly, hoping desperately that it would grow on me, but despite some  few sparks of beauty, it just sounded more contrived every time.
6305127689|3.0|Nice to see it on DVD, but surley no one needs a review of this film? Just a thought though...... you all remember the bit when Maverick races off on his bike UP the hill towards the beach to reclaim his love interest?  Well,  if he was tearing up that hill the next bit of beach he would come to would  be in Florida.  As I said just a thought.
0395389496|5.0|this book gives you a warmth inside like no other i would recommend this book for any child's present. And for everyone out there always write a note on the inside cover of a book to cherish a long loving memory.
B00001U0DP|5.0|To those of you who have read my other reviews, please note that this is written without a hint of irony.<br />Genuinley brilliant.  I wasn't intending to watch this, to be honest it hardly sounded like my cup of tea.  Comedy  in a consentration camp?  The iritating little man from the Oscars?  Cute  kid involved?  Nah, I thought I'd leave it alone.  But for some reason I  watched it anyway and wow, just wow.  Moving, beautifully crafted peice of  direction and enough to make little old me cry my eyes out.  It may have  started a bit to much like a dodgy euro-farce-carry-on flick but before you  noticed you really wanted to see more, the emotion that came accross was  palpable.  Some people have said there should be more films like this, well  I disagree, the fewer films like this the better, then you can appreciate  true artistic quality when it comes along
6302548195|5.0|My husband is a big Arnold Fan.  He started weight training after reviewing some Arnold's earlier times.  He really has fun in the video and shows you an all around good time around the gym.  It makes yu really  realize that your goals in life are not just around the corner but very  easy to reach once you've given a little hard work. I'm still amazed when I  see him in a new movie.  At his age he still looks great!   Plus, he has  one of the best minds bussinesly speaking not to mention comically.  We  love him!  I really wish they would bring back Pumping Iron to DVD since  our VHS copy is really showing it's age.
B00000K19E|3.0|errrr, yes.  The Matrix.   Lampshade hatstand and a koala gave jug now headlice.  My plastic brontosaurous has lost his rubber mallet.  Wibble mouse mat and window teeth are my favourite afternoon banana shaped chair.  There, a review that made as much sense as the film.
B00000K2SE|5.0|The invigorating, twisted, and psychodelic plot streams it's way though dazzling and memsmorizing special effects.  Although the movie might seem untterdly confusing, beneath a couple viewings for the average watcher,  reveals a writers masterpice.  The movie represents many parrallels, for  kids (special effects) , average viewer, a (difficult inviting plot), and  the analytic mind, (maybe a taste of something real).  Definitly a  masterpice,as it combines special effects, brilliant wriitng, and anythign  but simplicity, into a viewer's dream. contact me, via arhancsm@jmu.edu
6305546797|5.0|Laurie Strode (Myers) is a teenager who doesn't care about anything but school. On halloween night a man stalks her and her friends. She must fight the wicked man, THE MAN BEHIND THE MASK!<br />ANYONE FAN OF THE EXORCIST AND  THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE WOULD LOVE THIS MOVIE OF DEMONIC  BUTCHERY.<br />for this is the night of evil...tonight is the night HE came  home!
B00002R0MC|5.0|A great dedication to one of, if not the most, inspirational singer of all time.  Bob Marley...the original ska and reggae master.  His box set, a collection of amazingly magical music, is perfect for just about any mood  you are in.  It makes you happy.  It relaxes you.  It's great with a beer.   It's very hard to dislike.  I feel chills when any of these songs are  played.  Many artists do not have that power with their listeners, but Bob  Marley did, and still does, many years after passing away.  A collectors  item at the same time, this box set is perfect because you can hear Bob's  earlier sound, as it developed into the sound he was last heard playing in  the early 80's....and never did he lose the reggae or the power.  He took  the music, and put Jamaica on the map forever. The music in this very box  set. A MUST BUY!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Combining Metallica with the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra was the greatest move in history.  This album is a must for all Metallica fans.  I enjoyed No Leaf Clover and my all time favorite Wherever I May Roam and  Enter Sandman.  Metallica will live forever.
B000023VR6|5.0|Finally! D.R.E has returned,it was a while,but i must admit listening to this cd,the wait was worth while,the 2 songs with eminem are off the hook! (What the difference?&amp;Forgot about dre),im listening 2 the cd  as im writing this review,bottom line though.......the westside is back in  full effect,get this cd
0679735909|4.0|I cannot get over the voices in this book. Four separate voices (two in verse) and one would never know that they were written by the same woman. Academia, love, mystery are all inter-twined in this novel and though it is  a dense read, it is engrossing. Recommended wholeheartedly.
B000023VR6|5.0|Finally! D.R.E has returned,it was a while,but i must admit listening to this cd,the wait was worth while,the 2 songs with eminem are off the hook! (What the difference?&amp;Forgot about dre),im listening 2 cd as im  writing this review,bottom line though.......the westside is back in full  effect,get this cd
B000006FNX|3.0|There were a few bad Bonds. There were a lot of good Bonds. This one ranks in the middle, but if this is an unofficial Bond, &quot;On Her Majesty's Secret Service&quot; has two more years in my opinion.<br />I'm also looking  to buy it. Can anyone help me?
0446525537|3.0|was a &quot;nice&quot; book, but i liked the author's other books better--perhaps because of the subject matter . . . reading about high school students just didn't have that much appeal to me . . . very quick book to read.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I was about to torture my gerbil to death, consumed by unselfconscious angst, when she _finally_ released this album, and I found I could laugh with her at ridiculously deep self examination, while respecting the wells  of emotion that drive us there. How good! She is young, but we are an  emotionally young population these days, struggling with the problems of a  21 year-old at 30 and up. Nothing is extra here, there are no bad songs,  and you'll be marveling at the dead-on words after the 33rd playing. She's  got the mad skillz, I'll even put it up against Miles Davis for raw  intelligence (but not Mozart, etc.).
B000006FNX|1.0|this had to have been the absolutely dumbest 007 film i have seen! The cast was pleasing but the original movie, THUNDERBALL, was tens of hundreds of times better! the intro was tickling but not innovative enough. The cool  suaveness Sean Connery had in the earlier films was not apparent. All in  all, this was a weak attempt to update one of the best 007 films in  history, which of course was &quot;Thunderball&quot;
B00003000M|1.0|The people responsible for this travesty should be chanting for forgiveness...this is the worst example of babylon I have ever seen!  The people who put this together and &quot;starred&quot; in it have no respect  for themselves - only the almighty dollar - the very thing that Bob sang so  often about - apparently they weren't listening...
6302293553|5.0|Anyone who loves comady movies has to see this movie. This is one of the best movies created. I've watched it over 50 times. (Prolly more). You'll be making jokes about the movie for times to come!
B00000AFHM|5.0|this album(as well as the others) holds a special place in my heart. it grew on me instantly and now i can't go thru a day without at least listening to it once, but usually two or three times if i have the time.   it will make you feel young again without having to relate to the youth of  today, who compared to these scots are brutish and without compassion, at  least in america.  buy this and feel the magic of music all over again.
0141301066|5.0|This book is a great story about a girl with magical powers. It's my favorite book and I can't even count the number of times I've read it. It's funny,suspenseful,interesting and all together a great book!
B000001FDI|5.0|If you like Cream but are not too fond of Clapton's other work, this is an album you will like.  Maybe it's Steve Winwood's influence that makes the difference.  The music on this album is actually closer in overall feel to  that of Traffic than Cream.  In any case, it is one of the greatest overall  albums ever produced.  It's a shame this conglomerate never had a  subsequent release.
B000002J0B|1.0|I guess that as I get older, this kind of music means less to me. I prefer harmonies, melodies, and good tunes to self-indulgent, over produced mush with bad singing. The relentless pounding of the drums is nauseating.
6304994540|4.0|With his portrayal of Jeff &quot;The Dude&quot; Lebowski in the Coen brothers psycho romp The Big Lebowski, Jeff Bridges has attained the rank of acting god. He's been cult (see Lebowski or American Heart), mainstream  (The Fisher King or The Mirror has Two Streisands-eek!), but as an aging  stoner caught up in world peopled by those even weirder than he is, Bridges  has reached a sort of character nirvana. How can you not just love the  guy?<br />The brilliant Coens again display a kaleidoscopic range of genres,  themes, techniques, and plot lines. Lebowski's a wonder to behold. Here,  the bleakness of Fargo is replaced with a dazzling colorwheel showcased  particularly in The Dude's hilarious dreams. If there's a point to this  whole affair, I missed it. And I couldn't care less.
B000002KGT|4.0|The Beatles, Stones, Fleetwood Mac, Clash, U2, and many other bands were not virtuoso musicians.  The gift was in the songwriting.<br />That said, in reply to the fellow several reviews ago who said that Ringo couldn't drum  with Mick Fleetwood, have you listened to &quot;Birthday,&quot; &quot;Yer  Blues,&quot; &quot;Carry That Weight,&quot; or even &quot;I Saw Her  Standing There?&quot; Ringo drives them quite well, thank you. <br />If  virtuosity was a prerequisite for great music, then everything done by  Rush, Yes, and ELP would have been great.
6302453356|5.0|This movie is so much more than a children's fable.  It is a magical reminder of how powerful each of us really is.  The movie begins with Peter Banning (Attorney at Law) who forgets the truth of who he is.  He becomes  obsessed with success, drinks too much and avoids his family.  Through a  series of events he is forced to look within for the &quot;real&quot; him,  Peter Pan.  Peter Pan knows that all he has to do is think &quot;one happy  thought&quot; and he can fly.  I think this is true of all of us.  The more  we remember and honor who we are and the more we focus on the positive, the  better life works.  Peter Banning was a miserable, &quot;fat old grandpa  man&quot; but when he remembers who he is, he's filled with boundless joy  and energy.  A very spiritual message indeed.
B00000IFWE|5.0|Room at the top, Free Girl, Swingin, and underrated song like Rhino Skin are you kidding me he is god.  The best c.d. of Tom Petty not including the greatest hits.  Buy it I saw it live and it rocks.  Most Under Rated c.d.  in the U.S.
B000002L7Y|5.0|Great Music.... Great Beats !  Its 90s + 80s POP + ROCK...Vocals are great....Songs are fats paced but whole CD gets over in no time... I mean Its so fast paced you don't realise the time..All songs are good and tune  just stays in your mind...Makes you play that song again and again....   Great Great CD...Wish I had this CD long time back....
6302649943|4.0|The movie was okay ,but it is just another piece of evidence of how Hollywood has messed up kings books. &quot;IT&quot; is ashame
630420065X|5.0|Pros:<br />*Some of the most memorably heart-stopping scenes you will ever see in your life.<br />*Star-studded movie(and the stars give you your money's worth of brilliant performances).<br />*Ving Rhames is one of the coolest  actors around(if not THE),and he's here!<br />*John Reno is always creepy and  scary.<br />*The movie of Tom Cruise's career,plain and simple.<br />*VERY cool  gadgets,tricks and plans.<br />*John Voight!<br />Cons:<br />*THE most complicated  and confusing plot you could possibly see.I've seen the movie about 5  times,and still haven't figure it out completely.Nevertheless,the movie  rocked so,so,SO hard!
B000002GQL|1.0|Seventh Sojourn is an excellent album.  The content itself gets five stars.  The sound quality gets only one star.  Compared to this album on vinyl, the sound quality lacks depth.  I have compared it to the vinyl  album and the vinyl has more depth to it despite all the snap, crackle and  pop.<br />I'm particularly disappointed since they did such an excellent job  of ORIGINAL RECORDING REMASTERED versions of Days of Future Passed and To  Our Children's Children's Children.
B00000K3UR|2.0|Pros:<br />*Rob Schneider and Jon Stewart,though secondary,are very funny.<br />*The kid was cute and convincing.<br />Cons:<br />*Very dramatic ending.If it were funny,it would've been better.<br />*The jokes aren't  much.<br />Bottomline:When I heard that it was a comedy that grossed about  150-60 million dollars,I thought that it could be just as funny as Kingpin  or Dumb&amp;Dumber.If you're an Adam Sandler fan,it's good.Otherwise,if a  few laughs make a movie worth it to you,give it a rent in a boring weekend.
0307165485|5.0|Like many of the other customer reviewers, I loved this book when I was a child.  This book has it all:  classic nursery rhymes, stories that don't tax little ones' attention spans, and enchanting illustrations.  Names of  everyday objects, shapes, colors, numbers, etc. are presented in an  entertaining manner - your child won't realize (s)he's being  educated!<br />This book is great for getting your toddler interested in  books.  My two year old daughter loves reading her &quot;Lellow Book&quot;  at bedtime every night, and I look forward to it as much as she does. (If I  had the proverbial dime for every time I've read &quot;Chipmunk's  Birthday&quot; I'd be richer than Jeff Bezos!)<br />The only complaint I have  is that we've had to glue the spine to the pages several times.  I suppose  frequent use is a contributing factor, but other reviewers have noted  similar binding problems from this publisher.  If not for this one  drawback, I would have rated this book 6 out of 5.
6304711883|3.0|Ransom had the potential to be a great movie, but gave it up for a &quot; Hollywood &quot; ending. Gibson and Sinise are great in this film. Their mind games are worth the price of admission alone. Plenty of suspense,  great direction, and an overall heartfelt story add to the film. I don't  want to ruin the ending, but I will tell you that it sacrifices a powerful  ending for a silly, &quot; Hollywood &quot; happy ending.
B000002MTU|4.0|This CD plays over &amp; over at my house.  If you want Clapton burning some good old blues songs, then give this a play from start to finish.  If your new to blues, then this gives you a current artist giving some old  blues justice.  And don't forget---turn it up LOUD!
0783223161|2.0|A devious office girl checks into a hidden motel after ripping a superior off of a large sum of money and deciding to return it, gets murdered instead. After a string of disappearences, some snoopy relatives find the  motel. Usually one-glanced as an untouchable classic, some may see  otherwise. The pace is too slow and the murder scenes aren't convincing  enough. Also contains no suspence whatsoever. Black and white is good for  this movie which the old timers will enjoy.
B00001ZULV|5.0|This CD is the best of Genesis with all of their greatest hits wow their good!  Phil Collins is great in all of the songs especially I Can't Dance.  But he sure can sing.
6305171769|2.0|Michael Myers is back once again without an explaination (only signature of DIMENSION) and after 20 years of searching, he's found his sister. He then proceeds to the private school in California where she teaches and  hacks up a few of her students before going after her. Starts off lame with  Curtis dropping a bomb on the project and doesn't get good until the near  end, where Curtis begins to improve. Pretty much just another teeny bopper  film of the late '90's that wins over part 6 but not by a noticable lot. If  you don't know who the secretary is before watching the behind the scenes  specials, it's better that you retire from the HALLOWEEN fanclub.
0446525537|4.0|I bought this book to read for a book club that I recently joined.  I couldn't put it down.  I've been telling everyone I know to buy and read it as soon as possible!  It was slightly predictable, as one reviewer wrote,  but it was so heartwarming that I've forgotten that.  I can't stop thinking  about it.  The night I finished the book, I cried myself to sleep.  I now  find myself saying silently to myself, &quot;it is the Lord's plan,&quot;  whenever something negative happens, which is so soothing!  It's renewed my  faith in God.  I don't want to write much more, because I will give away  the plot.<br />I urge you, read this book.
B00002NDB1|4.0|Bayley turns out with better results on this release. Awesome album here many classics such as Lightning Strikes Twice,and Como Estasis Amigos.Typical Maiden music. Had a chance to see this tour but cancelled  the last minute. More of an atmospheric Maiden release. Snyths are back as  well. Ignore the bad reviews. This isn't a embarssesment. Its a very  entertaining cd. Buy It! 4 1/2 stars at best.
6304406096|4.0|I actually like this one more than Thunderball,although I give them the same rating.Carrera is wonderful,as is Brandauer.Look especially for the wonderful Domination game.Connery is back,shagging four girls.As usual,you  love Sir Sean!
B0000024Z7|5.0|Carlos and the Santana band made their name on the strength of their first three albums. Such was the power and quality of the music, but Caravanserai surmounted that and is arguably the best Santana has ever produced,  representing also Santana's first deviation into the dreamy, mystical,  jazzy sounds.<br />The \\"spirit of creativity\\" must have descended on Earth to  infuse the Santana band with supernatural musicianship when this album was  made...then departed back to heaven, for such work is rarely seen, rarely  repeated.  To this day the music remains fresh, original, spiritual.<br />Such  is the quality of this album, that it was once described as music for  musicians. Every single track a masterpiece, even the cover art is  mystical.  The album retains a linear and uniform feel throughout as the  tracks merge smoothly into each other. <br />Intensity gradually builds up,  then letting go in cycles of sheer musical ecstasy.  \\"Stone flower\\" (track  8), is authored by none other than Antonio Carlos Jobim, need we say  more?<br />An absolute must to anyone's collection; this album is an all-time  classic of epic proportions.  Dare say Carlos will never again achieve this  level transcendental spirituality in his music, judging by what followed  and his latter works.<br />Caravanserai was released in 1972 and consists of  ten tracks.  Some people are of the opinion that this album has major  personnel changes, hence the new musical direction into the jazzy sounds.   Not so!  The original cast is still there, Chepito, Rolie, Shrieve, etc.   There are however some personnel changes from track to track, and  surprisingly the feel of the music is pleasantly well balanced. Each song  complements the other.<br />Follow these instructions: Place CD in player,  unplug the telephone, lights down low, incense sticks smoking, sit back in  armchair with favorite beverage, volume up high.....and hit the play button  for a soul-lifting ride into heaven.  Then do it again!
B00000JGOH|3.0|Okay, so I am not one to criticize the works of Shakespeare, however  I do not think that this film deserved the Oscar for Best Picture.  The content was wonderful but the acting was not very believable.  Fiennes was an  adequate representation of a love thirsty playright, but somehow, I did not  believe him to be good old Billy.  His actions were far too two dimensional  for a person of great depth:  his facial expressions were meek...if you  flipped throught the DVD chapters, Fiennes' affect was only one of dispair  and pure elation...sarcasm was lacking or too few. This movie also lacked a  great musical score: the theme dragged and had nothing, besides being  played on western instruments, to do with the  Shakespearean era.  As for  buying this DVD, I would do it with some reservation because it is no  better when watched for the second time.  It lacked depth.
078062551X|5.0|Me beinga huge fan of Akria and movies/japanamation (yes I say Japanamation cause when I started watching it there were 3 movies and it was called JAPANAMATION not this clicky anime' bs) this movie washmm how to  put it....totally kickass.
B00002Z88D|5.0|THIS ALBUM WAS GREAT. MY BOYFRIEND BOUGHT AND I DIDN'T THINK I WAS GOING TO LIKE IT, BUT NOW I BELIEVE THAT I LISTEN TO IT MORE THATN HE DOES!
0875845851|5.0|There are plenty of other reviews here that hit the mark. What I can add to what's been said so far is this: the product lifecycle of the disk drive industry as well as the attrition rate of high tech companies is so fast,  that Christensen has excellent data to formulate and defend his position.  He also takes the brave step of venturing into the social science aspect of  managing innovation in a high tech environment - that is, he addresses the  hurdles faced by innovators when they lock horns with their managers.  <br />This is a fast read. You will not waste your time on it. Many articles  in Fortune Magazine now reference Christensen's work when they cover  bricks-and-mortar going to e-commerce. You can easily skip the technology  details and the product timeline charts and still fully understand  Christensen's argument. And even if you hate it or disagree, you have not  spent that much time or money on it.
B00000J6AG|5.0|The Godfather of Modern American Electronic Dance Music, Moby has never shied away for pushing the envelope.  When the rave scene became a &quot;scene&quot;, he drifted back to his hard rock roots (with varying  success).  As what many call a return, he releases this dance-y gem with  heavy deep delta blues influences.  Mixing gospel and blues samples with  sheened beats and loops and dropping in the occassional organ and guitar,  he has dropped one of the most novel and likable albums of the decade.   Some may have disdain for its accessibility and catchiness, but its appeal  and creativity are undeniable.
6303332609|5.0|to be put in simple words i love this film and i must own it.  grammar is not my strong point but this movie is.  basically i love it more than anythingelse.
B00000K0DT|5.0|I always knew from the beginning that Kaiser Soze was Kevin Spacey, but i still think the death of Gabriel Byrne didnt help the script .
B00002E23H|5.0|I thought the acting was very cool adn the special effects were even better and not to mention the hot leading man Thomas Jane.If you liked Jaws then this is the movie for you it has you right on the edge of your  seat.and the shark attacks are so awesome you'll want to see this movie  more than once.
0688101364|5.0|I have used &quot;Rose's Christmas Cookies&quot; so often that I now need a new book because mine is falling apart.
0684874350|3.0|I read this book with one prevailing thought - thank God my mother got out of Ireland and came here!  Frank McCourt is an extremely gifted writer, and his words flow seamlessly, but I would much rather read about people who  didn't just experience adversity but overcame it.  While the author  obviously had the necessary survival skills, both his parents, while  disappointed with their lot in life, seemed content to let their misfortune  wash right over them and their children.  There is no fighting spirit, no  desire to improve their condition, just the vague hope that someone will  come along and miraculously provide food, shelter, and most importantly  alcohol to keep the children and parents going.  At best, it serves merely  to reinforce the stereotype of the Irish as lazy, drunk irresponsible and  undereducated.  McCourt would have done better to downplay his mother's  role in his life and concentrate on his brothers and himself.  In fact, the  book should more aptly be titled &quot;Frank McCourt's Ashes,&quot; since  apparently he was the Phoenix that rose from them.
0136879721|5.0|The Power of Your Subconscious Mind is a classic, written by a man that was ahead of his time. Many of the self-help gurus of today have &quot;borrowed&quot; his ideas, especially on affirmations and beliefs. My  library is full of self-help books ranging from Robbins and Covey to Brian  Tracy. This book is by far one of the best self-help guides ever written.  Highly recommended and easy to understand with applicable methodology.
0800128052|5.0|This movie is in no way a great action packed, fast moving movie, but it will leave you cheering and maybe even in tears if you are a die-hard football fan like me. Every time I watch the movie I start to get chills  and want to stand up and cheer everytime rudy runs onto the field. A must  see!
B000002UJQ|5.0|THis album is the first piece I have trully loved from this decade.  It is a beautiful masterpiece.  Instead of going for hit songs like other bands, Radio head aims for greatness with a perfect album
B000006UNG|5.0|color of spring is one of the albums that realy made a diffrance in the art rock world , defintly well composed and highly touching us in certin personal points in life , lyrics that makes u stop and think , with  uplifting guitar distortions that makes you want to cry out of enlightment  , mark hollis is one of my favourits poets , realy made a diffrance in my  life for the best i thank him alon unitenow@hotmail.com
B00000IPAX|1.0|This cd is terrible, and I've never heard it before in my life.  These guys should get the award of &quot;biggest sellouts of 1999&quot;.  I hope these guys don't consider themselves a punk band anymore, because punk is  never about selling out.  I hate MTV!  Don't buy this!
B00000163G|5.0|2 Pac was the best rapper ever to play da game. He tops off anybody and All Eyez on Me was the best cd he ever made. He sang the greatest lyrics with the best beats and didn't use old beats off of any gay singers in the  60's and 70's like Puffy. 2 Pac was and always will be the greatest rapper  ever to live.
0446525537|5.0|I haven't gotten the chance to read it yet, but I am hoping to get a chance to open the book. I am glad that Mr.Sparks has written another book.  And I am sure that it is as splended as the other books he has written.  I  am extremely captivated in his passion for love and understanding. I am  hoping that one day I can say this to him in person.  I don't know how I am  going to exactly feel but I know for sure it will warm my heart as the  other two did.  I recommend this book to everyone especially the men  because they need to open up.  Open up to what they have in their hearts.   I am hoping the person I am waiting for does the same for me.  Thank you
B00000J7J4|5.0|I have listened for a while now that this albumn was a keeper. I was glad to finally 'believe the hype'. The musical content was very broad and the number of additional artists really rounded out the music content. It has a  lot more to offer than just 'Smooth'. It is one to listen too and enjoy not  just at the 1st listening but after many times to feel the music.
B000031WD9|5.0|The commentary by the writer/director and actors on the DVD is hilarious.  It's so fun to hear about what people were going through and all the inside jokes making the movie.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I have listened for a while now that this albumn was a keeper. I was glad to finally 'believe the hype'. The musical content was very broad and the number of additional artists really rounded out the music content. It has a  lot more to offer than just 'Smooth'. It is one to listen too and enjoy not  just at the 1st listening but after many times to feel the music.
079070546X|5.0|Absolutely brilliant. Just the funniest film ever..!
B0000024Q8|5.0|The person who wrote the above review wants mindless music. Fine, let him listen to the top 40. This music is progress. If it's too intellectual for you, then go find something simple. The music here (along with many other  more experimental composers and artists) make more human music (as opposed  to &quot;alien&quot;).
B000031WD9|5.0|If you have ever seen porkys and liked that movie you will really love this one. it is even more rauchyer and has a lot of funny bits. I would sertainly buy this one to add to your collection.
0449002632|4.0|A wonderful story that spans the entire scope of the history of London from prehistoric through current times. If you have ever visited London or have the urge to travel there some day, this is a great introductory book  that will set the stage for understanding the manifold complexities of this  truely international city. Spun with a series of story teller's yarns, the  intricate threads of many generations are woven together to produce a rich  historical tapestry. Although a rather long narrative, the reader is  constantly motivated by complex plots and quasi-fictional accounts of  characters that add flesh and bone to what would otherwise be a dry  textbook of facts. A delightful mixture of Jane Auel and James Mitchner  styles, with a unique freshness that makes this book a great adventure in  historical fiction! Highly recommended.
0553278398|4.0|This book tells about events that occurred before the founding of the Foundation. It was, however, written after the Foundation book itself. There's nothing wrong if you read &quot;Foundation&quot; before you read  this one. In fact, I recommend you to do so. You don't need to know what  happened in the &quot;Prelude...&quot; in order to understand  &quot;Foundation&quot;, but I'm not quite sure about the contrary.<br />This  book is, of course, a must-read to all Foundation fans. It's indeed very  well written. Asimov's concept of the situation on Trantor is very original  and, at the same time, quite credible. The book might well give you  something to think about. It is, of course, very exciting and eventful as  well - just what you'd expect form Asimov.
B00001OH80|5.0|This album was the last one of Bowie's that I purchased, simply because I had seen a few bad reviews on it and I was skeptical. I was happy to find that its actually a very nice, relaxing 80's pop album. Sure, if thats not your thing, you probably won't like Tonight, but if you're like me and grew up in the 80's, this album's likely to make you all fuzzy and happy inside. I'd recommend it as long as you know what to expect. If you don't think you'd like it then don't waste your money, and then write a review trashing it simply because you don't like the style of music. Too many people have a bad habit of confusing 'albums that suck' with music they don't prefer.
B000001Y2U|4.0|When people see Marilyn Manson on TV they see this gothic transexual creep who tries to protray everything but himself. But the truth behind it is, that this is Marilyn Manson. If you look past his image, and just listen to  the music, you'll see its great. &quot;Beautiful People&quot; &amp;  &quot;Cryptorchid&quot; are great songs, but &quot;Man that You Fear&quot;  makes the album well worth it. So people should look past the picutre he  portrays, and give the actual music a chance.
B00001OH80|5.0|Awesome, relaxing album. I can definitely see some reggae influences sneaking in on this album too. And you gotta love Tina Turner's backing vocals on Tonight. Lotta songs co-written by Iggy Pop too, so this album  covers a lot of ground creatively speaking. Definitely a worthy buy to any  Bowie fan.
B000021XS0|5.0|Yeah!  I have to congratulate Dream Theater for their latest album, Metropolis Part 2:Scenes From A Memory.  I admit I was anticipating a great album, but they have topped whatever I could have possibly expected.  The  album is definitly the zenith of their creativity, it has the typical Dream  Theater qualities bombast, vituosity etc. but this time they mold these  into an incredible piece of music with complex music, which is never devoid  of good compositional skills, and a killer story to match Overture 1928,  Fatal Tragedy, and The Dance of Eternity are absolutely crazy as far as  vituosity goes, even for Dream Theate.  Home is a big surprise, it adds  some minor avant-garde touches to the hard hitting prog-metal.  All in all  a great disc by a great band. the only drawback is while this will please  the old fans, it wont win any new converts, because unless you are familiar  with this kind of music it will go right over your head, too bad you are  missing out on something good.
B0000009RX|5.0|This is the most hilarious album ever recorded.  It is simply brilliant lyrically.  Zappa achieves more successes lyrically on Side 1 (through &quot;Flower Punk&quot;) than almost any other artist has achieved in a  career.  Did he need to alter the speed of the vocals and throw so much  electronic noise at us?  It's a matter of personal taste whether you like  the sound of the album.  But that is a minor quibble when confronted with a  work of art of this magnitude.  The amazing thing is that the lyrics have  not aged at all--American life is still subject to the same foolishness  which Zappa lampoons so brilliantly.  A few times every century, something  this great comes along, if you live in a lucky century.
B000005IRG|5.0|Do not be mislead, Television is considered a punk group, but they do not fit the standard profile of a punk band.  The majority of their material is on the mellow side and their guitarists, Tom Verlaine and Richard Lloyd,  often go off on long jams which are at once captivating and rocking.  If  you like sharp songwriting, great musicianship and good rocking(also  sensitive moments) than this is the group for you.  This album should be  the first purchase you make of this group, there is not a weak cut on the  disc, Marquee Moon, See No Evil, and Torn Curtain are especially great,  though. See No Evil and Friction are the only aggressive songs the rest are  on the mellow side, mellow but not easy listening.  Buy this especially  fans of early R.E.M, Talking Heads, hey even fans of 60's rock 'ala'  Quicksilver Messenger Service could appreciate the guitar work.
B00000J2L7|5.0|Great satire, one of Kubrick's best.  The performances are great, and the dialogue is nearly perfect.  Although some of the scenes are not as memorable, the sequences in the &quot;war room&quot; and in the bomber plane are unforgettable.  The humor is scathing and the message is  timeless.
B000001FN3|1.0|Alan Parson's project efforts make clear the reality that a talented producer does not necessarily have the ability to create music of his own that is of any great value or lasting interest.  This is a dull,  ininspired, unimaginative attempt at progressive-pop.  Later efforts prove  equally inept.  Skip this artist all together and go for the real  thing...Simon
B00000IQBN|4.0|I find &quot;Barry Lyndon&quot; interesting because at first glance, it seems to have little in common with other Kubrick films.  But, like &quot;Lolita&quot;, it accurately portrays the shaky foundation below a  seemingly picturesque society, and in some ways the rigid dialogue of the  18th century parallels the military rote of &quot;Full Metal Jacket.&quot;   It is also interesting to consider that BL followed &quot;Clockwork  Orange&quot;, proving that Kubrick is equally comfortable moving at a slow,  leisurely pace as he is creating future shocks.  There are few scenes in  this long movie that do not have something to offer, be it great  cinematography, beautiful music or a comment on the societies being  portrayed.
6304346107|4.0|every time I watch this or the over version I feel there is something missing.this has a stud muffin of a frank churchill that gynweth lacks, but knightly is certainly not developed enough in character or nearly as  handsome as gwyneth's knightly.
B00000J2KV|4.0|After I memorized all of &quot;Full Metal Jacket&quot; I started going back over some of Kubrick's earlier work, and found this to be one of the more effective ones.  Both funny and sad, &quot;Lolita&quot; proves how  diverse Kubrick is (this film came right between &quot;Spartacus&quot; and  &quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot;.)  Yet the themes of alienation and irony are  prevelent here, as they are in all of his films.  The performances and the  dialogues are great, and while the film lacks the impact of &quot;FMJ&quot;  or &quot;Orange&quot; it is entertaining and memorable.
0679457313|5.0|I hope Amazon will publish this review, although it does refer to another's review, but I feel very strongly that someone must reply to 'A reader, California, 16 December'.<br />This a remarkably beautiful book,  contrary to the ideas of the A reader, California. I found it absolutely  chilling that someone would actually write 'good use of language,  especially for someone from India', who found the regional issues and  customs too difficult ('for those of us without an Indian History major'),  and who also, without a shred of irony, refers to a book entitled The  Dumbing Down of America.<br />This is exactly the kind of parochial ignoramus  for whom literate Americans are constantly apologising to the rest of the  world.<br />Roy's language in The God of Small Things is breathtakingly  beautiful, her rhythm and storytelling compelling. I for one eagerly  anticipate her next work.
0790736942|5.0|THIS MOVIE WILL NOT GIVE YOU THE SHIVERS. INSTEAD IT WILL DO MORE THAN THAT! IT WILL PETRIFY THE VIEWER DIRECTLY WHERE THEY ARE SITTING. THIS IS UNDOUBEBTLY THE SCARIEST MOVIE EVER CREATED. SOME MIGHT DIFFER WITH THAT  OPINION. HERE IS WHY IT IS THE MOST FRIGHTENING: THE STORY CAN HAPPEN TO  ANYONE, IT CAN HAPPEN AT ANYTIME, AND IT DID HAPPEN. WILIAM PETER BLATTY  WROTE THE BOOK DUE TO THE STORY OF A POSSESION WITHIN A 14 YEAR OLD BOY.  THE STORY TURNED OUT TO BECOME ONE OF THE MOST ELECTRIFYING PLOTS EVER  CREATED. THE ORIGINAL RICHNESS THAT SURROUNDS THE CHARACTERS MAKES THIS  MOVIE SIMPLY TO DIE FOR. IT WON A WELL EARNED OSCAR FOR SOUND. LINDA BLAIR  GIVES OUT HER MOST STUNNING PERFORMANCE EVER. WILLIAM FRIEDKIN, THE PRIEST,  IS POWERFUL. DEVILS AND HEAD SPINNING MAKE THIS MOVIE ADDICTIVE. NOT ONLY  IS THIS A HORROR MOVIE, BUT IT IS A TRAGEDY. THE OUTCOME IS UNEXPECTED AND  COLD: THE MOOD OF THE STORY. HERE'S A BONE CHILLER! THE BRILLIANCE IS WHAT  KEEPS THIS MOVIE GOING. FOR VIEWERS THIRSTING FOR HORROR AND FOR VIEWERS  LOOKING FOR AN INTERESTING STORY THAT DOESN'T OVERDUE THE MIND.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This CD kicks big time. The first time I heard of Blink 182 was when their smash hit &quot;What's my Age Again&quot; came out. Then a few months later I heard &quot;All the Small Things.&quot; It was so damn funny (the video)  &amp; couldn't stop laughing. Then 5 weeks later I heard &quot;Adam's  Song&quot; on the radio &amp; even though it is about suicide I still loved  it. Over the next few weeks I'm going to try to get &quot;Dude Ranch,&quot;  &quot;Cheshire Cat,&quot; &amp; &quot;Buddha.&quot; Blink kicks so much!  This is a must get CD.Why? Mainly becausethey always have such a strong  &amp; creative &amp; outgoing beat. Even if some of the song's like  &quot;Mutt,&quot; &amp; &quot;The Party Song,&quot; are immatur, that's ok  because They both are still really good songs. To tell you the truth, all  of the songs are tight. If you're a true &quot;PUNK ROCK&quot; fan, this is  the perfect CD!
B00003000M|5.0|I can hear the cynics screaming Blasphemy!, but they are wrong.You can smoke to this, you can dance to this, Bobs boys and their friends have done him proud!Busta Rhymes version of Rastaman Chant is astounding, as is the  Marley Brothers Kinky Reggae.It's good to hear Bobs voice from interviews  being used to such good effect, the true spirit of Rastafari coming through  strongly.Selam Nna Wadada...enjoy!
B00000IPAX|5.0|This CD kicks big time. The first time I heard of Blink 182 was when their smash hit &quot;What's my Age Again&quot; came out. Then a few months later I heard &quot;All the Small Things.&quot; It was so damn funny (the video)  &amp; I couldn't stop laughing. Then 5 weeks later I heard &quot;Adam's  Song&quot; on the radio &amp; even though it is about suicide I still loved  it. Over the next few weeks I'm going to try to get &quot;Dude Ranch,&quot;  &quot;Cheshire Cat,&quot; &amp; &quot;Buddha.&quot; Blink kicks so much!  This is a must get CD.Why? Mainly because they always have such a strong  &amp; creative &amp; outgoing beat. Even if some of the song's like  &quot;Mutt,&quot; &amp; &quot;The Party Song,&quot; are immature, that's ok  because they both are still really good songs. To tell you the truth, all  of the songs are tight. If you're a true &quot;PUNK ROCK&quot; fan, this is  the perfect CD!
6304288433|5.0|I saw this movie when I was 13 and I loved it. It had great acting. It wasn't as good as the originol but still a really great movie to watch on Halloween and with the lights out.
0385493800|2.0|What a magnificent beginning! The first half of the book was well worth 5 stars. Unfortunately, the second half was worth minus 1. I really loved the beginning:the suicide, the heirs' intrigues, the jungle...But then God and  morals and religion and holy missionaries destroying the life of poor  indians by imposing them the right belief came out of nowhere and destroyed  everything. The wolf Nate (or what was he called?) became suddenly a lamb,  as if touched by a sudden religious virus (maybe it wasn't denge disease  after all...). The heirs suddenly all agree, God (him again!) knows why.  The whole story ends in an uncredible happy end, or rather holy end. Maybe  there are really some happy points: the indians are finally delivered of  their preacheress, the world is free of nate (who hopefully will stay in  the jungle) and we have finished this awful novel, the first i've read of  grisham(everyone told me he was a great author) and probably the last one.  (The 2 stars are kindly given to the first half of the book!)
0140131558|5.0|Now that the academic and critic types have found Paul Auster, I guess he'll be lifted out of the general readership and stashed with the rest of the classics on some hoity-toity shelf. Once that &quot;postmodern&quot;  labelling starts, it's goodbye accessibility, hello pretension....    Anyway:  City of Glass is one of the best constructed stories I've ever  read.  There is an incredibly complex concentric circle of narrators:   there's the author, then the narrator, then his pen name, then his  detective character, then his pose as Paul Auster.  Then there's the real  Paul Auster he meets, not to be confused with the one who's writing the  book.  Kind of spooky.  <br />Also, an English woman once showed me more  disturbing information about City of Glass.  If you take a city map of New  York and mark out the well-described twisting journey of the characters, a  picture emerges.  What does it mean?  With so much description of the  streets they travelled, it can't be accidental.  I was actually spooked.   <br />Unfortunately, I think everything Auster's written since this trilogy  has been sliding downhill in quality, and this opinion seems to be shared  by friends all around.
B000002JA8|5.0|I have never been a huge PSB fan, but I bought this Cd and LOVED IT!  It's so enjoyable and fun.  I hated their 80's albums as they were filled with mechanical filler, but this CD is flawless.
B00000JXVK|5.0|I don't like motorcycles but I do like this movie! Bruce Brown's ability to wrap a viewer up in a blanket of entertainment is uncanny. He approaches this documentary about motorcycle racing and recreation with a zeal and  thoroughness that leaves you wanting more by the film's end. Featuring  Steve McQueen, Malcolm Smith and Mert Lawwill - coupled with a snappy and  involving music score by Dominic Frontiere (The Outer Limits series), On  Any Sunday is sure to please.
0783229372|4.0|THE HINDENBURG is loosely based on Michael Mooney's book in which he advances his sabotage theory about the destruction of the LZ129. Robert Wise directed this film with an eye to accuarcy of detail -- at least for  the airship. <br />Accurate details include the bust of Hindenburg aboard the  ship, Lehmann's accordian-playing ability, the exitence of Zeppelinheim  housing mentioned in passing, designs of the ship's interior and passenger  cabins, smoking and dining areas. The vast interior of the ship is well  portrayed as is the weighing off. We get a good idea of the scale involved.  Some liberties have been taken with facts in order to make the film more  dramatic. There was an aluminum-body piano aboard the Hindenburg, but not  on its last voyage. There was an in-flight repair made, but on another trip  of another airship.<br />The film itself looks great with solid performances  by its cast. But it falls short of greatness. Perhaps it's the pacing or  perhaps it's the script? Nevertheless, this is the single film which has  attempted to accurately portray some aspects of passenger travel aboard the  Hindenburg. And it does a pretty good job of it.<br />The DVD itself has an  average transfer. This disk is not 16x9 enhanced -- a pity. The claimed  2.35 widescreen image has been abbreviated to about 2.0 -- witness the  cutoffs of a few names in the opening credits on the left and right, the  occasional trimming of the airship's tail at the edge of the frame, and the  occasional head-crops when people are at opposite ends of the widescreen.  The laserdisc release has a wider image -- the Hindenburg needs it! <br />The  sound mix is generally good but is off in a few places. In some scences of  the ship's interior the engine sound is loud enough to almost drown out the  dialog -- which is not being shouted. A comparison to the same scenes on  laserdisc will reveal that the DVD could use a sound remix.<br />Extras are  minimal. And where are those weblinks?<br />Aseparate section for David  Shire's excellent film score along with the original main title vocals  would have been most welcome. Commentary by the director, film crew and/or  airship experts would give us some background to what we're seeing on film.  I've read that Universal deleted a lot of Hindenburg SFX footage when the  film was initialy released in 1975 -- that would have been fun to see. A  documentary about airships would have enhanced the disk as well.<br />BTW,  last year a rocket scientist brought attention again to the fact that the  outer covering of the hydrogen-filled LZ129 was doped with a substance that  included flamable aluminmum powder --thereby promoting another  theory.<br />Maybe the next movie team to tackle this subject will contact the  AIRSHIP-listserv and get some expert advice.<br />Overall, a very good film.  And yes, I'd buy the Special Edition if they make one.
B000002ACR|5.0|&quot;Younger Than Yesterday&quot; perfected the sound begun on &quot;Fifth Dimension&quot; to a glistening, crytstalline high that encapsulates the promise of that era (late 1966-early 1967).  Everything  you ever heard about it being the American &quot;Revolver&quot; is  accurate; the instrumental pallette is diverse yet the album makes a strong  statement as a whole.  Every note is played with extreme coolness and  taste; Crosby's ghostly vocal and McGuinn's cathartic guitar playing in  &quot;Everybody's Been Burned&quot; sends shivers down the spine.  Even  &quot;Mind Gardens&quot;--usually panned as excessive--comes to life in the  CD reissue with a gloriously pure alternate vocal take by Crosby; one  wonders why this wasn't the final version, or why the moody &quot;It  Happens Each Day&quot; wasn't on the original release.  And then there's  Hillman's simple but gorgeous country-pop excursions, which help ground the  rather esoteric excursions of the other two writers...the whole thing  exudes supreme confidence, innovation and  weirdness at the same time.   Unbelievably, the band were to better this effort with &quot;The Notorious  Byrd Brothers&quot;.  If the aliens in &quot;CTA-102&quot; wanted to grab  some insight into the  best sounds coming out of Earth in the last century,  then they could quite easily groove to &quot;Younger Than Yesterday&quot;.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This album is awesome but not as good as the first one thoug
B000000OQF|5.0|Alright, after seeing more than a few reviews bashing Axl Rose and few telling people to by Nirvona/Rage Against The Machine.  Rage is cool, but Nirvona?  Come on.  You people say Axl and his boys are over rated, Kurt  Cobain get's artist of the Decade (90's) and he wasn't even here for half  of them.  How is it that a guy with two albums to his name can get artist  of the decade?  Anyways.  Appetite is the best album Guns N' Roses ever  did.  Starting from Welcome to the Jungle all the way to the end there  isn't one song that is just down right bad.  Awesome tracks include,  Welcome to The Jungle, It's So Easy, Night Train, Mr. Brownstone, Paradise  City, Sweet Child 'O Mine, and You're Crazy.  So a total of 7 of the 12  songs are total classics, the other five are okay, but nothing to really  cream in your pants about.  Check this title out if you love '80's bands,  especially Motley Crue and Rush, this album will put everything by Rush to  shame, and will put everything but Girls Girls Girls by Crue to shame.
B000002H4Q|5.0|OK, this record is not a party fixer, but when all alone, home, it can save and kill you at the same time. &quot;The Kiss&quot; is the most emotional song i've ever heard. It is so agonized, im about to cry and  throw up everytime i hear it. Beautiful songs  like &quot;Just like  heaven&quot;, &quot;If only tonight..&quot;, &quot;One more time&quot;,  touches your soul, with lyrics wich is easy to identify yourself with.  Great tracks like &quot;Icing sugar&quot;, &quot;Like cookatoos&quot;,  &quot;Snakepit&quot;, and &quot;All i want&quot;, are the ones you learn to  love. This is with no doubt their best record ever. Such a wide spectrum of  beautiful songs, has never been displayed. &quot;Hot, hot, hot&quot; might  be the worst track on the  record, but overall: EXELLENT! This album will  always be worth a listening. It's still just as good, as it was when it was   released. Embrace, enjoy, its worth every penny! ( And more ...) Please  write to me if you want a full review!
0684833395|5.0|For the MASH set, it's important to remember from where it all came.  &quot;Catch-22&quot; is one of the ten or twenty novels that must be read to understand the...understand us.  &quot;Cantos&quot; by pound;  &quot;Rabit&quot; by Updike; &quot;Grass&quot; by Whitman.  And in this  period, Emerson is paramount &quot;The American Scholar; Self  Reliance&quot;), followed by Dickinson. <br />Irving wil give you appropriaate  Dickinson.
6301008960|4.0|A very funny and moving movie that I think is very underated. Well worth the money.
B00000AFHM|5.0|Simply Heavenly folk-pop!Words can't describe how much I value this record! Honest!
B000020617|5.0|I have listened to this album at least thirty times already and I wake up in the middle of the night singing some of the songs. All the songs on this album are very \\"catchy\\", but seem to maintain a perfect amount of the raw edge I enjoy from The Foo's. A lot of people who have liked the The Foo Fighters harder work may tend to be misled that the Foo Fighters have \\"SOLD OUT\\" to a softer sound. I call B.S. Besides, who else in the last 20 yrs. has used a voice box on his guitar. This is one of the best albums I've heard in a long time. Honestly, it's nice to see Dave Grohl come to terms with what he wants in his music. This album reflects how it was recorded. At Dave's home in Virginia while bbq'ing burgers at the same time. Just consider this album a portion of what is hopefully to come. I hope that these guys will continue down the path that they are on but still feed the angry side of life as well. We all need a release. If you like this album, may I suggest an album by a group called HUM- \\"You'd Prefer An Astronaut\\". Very similar to this sound.
038533348X|4.0|I picked this book up on a whim because it was on sale...great choice!  The black comedy is hilarious.  I actually found myself laughing out loud while reading the book on my way to work.  A very quick read.
B000002AH9|5.0|I love the Beatles, Stones, Hendrix, Hank Williams, Blues, Rock, etc., but this recording touches a part of my soul like no other music.  Billie sings as if she knows death is just around the corner, you can hear it in her  voice.  Essential just don't describe what this CD should be to your music  collection.  More like &quot;songs in the key of life&quot;.
0201633612|3.0|I rate this book 5 stars for the idea and -2 stars for all the confounding little mistakes.  Apologize, I don't have too many details because it was one of the few books I borrowed that I actually returned (and to the  original owner).<br />I went through two of the patterns with full  concentration, found mistakes in both and found they really did get in the  way.  Things were named or referenced in ways that just couldn't be right.  I wrote to the authors about a few issues (e.g. on pg 275, Widget should  reference DialogDirector, not aggregate it) and the response (Johnson,  Vlissedes) was very kind and constructive.  But I believe there is  significant work remaining.  You may think I'm being overly picky here (at  issue on pg 275 is an itsy bitsy little shape), but try understanding  something completely new when there is one mistake in it.  You wonder if  you're comprehending wrong.<br />I have a hunch that most folks here, pardon  my presumption, who are rating high without reservation are really in love  with the idea of finding patterns to design (as am I).  But I wonder if  they've ever really really tried to go through any of the examples at a  finer resolution than a bird's eye view.  The book does a lot to crystalize  the dream of reusable design patterns but not as much as it could to wake  us up to realizing it.<br />Still it's on my list of things to buy because  it's darn thought-provoking.  Maybe that's it's highest purpose:  to  announce, if only by the title, the shocking idea that there could be  patterns to design, that programmers might not always have to reinvent the  universe with each project.  (The idea that they don't is not new, but the  *fact* that they don't is making woefully slow progress.)<br />The big  question I still have is did they pick really good patterns and objectify  them with compassion and vision?  Are these the very paradigms and clumps  of computational power that will be in the toolbox of programmers yet  unborn?  Dunno.  I suspect from the tactical gaffs that strategic  corrections are in order.<br />Maybe 3 stars isn't harsh enough but it's  certainly a pioneering book.  I believe one significantly better will come  out in the next decade.  It would be nice (somehow in my rosy view of the  world) if it were by some of the same guys...Dunno.  I suspect from the tactical gaffs that strategic  corrections are in order.<br />Maybe 3 stars isn't harsh enough but it's  certainly a pioneering book.  I believe one significantly better will come  out in the next decade.  It would be nice (somehow in my rosy view of the  world) if it were by some of the same guys...
0395645662|4.0|This is a great book for young adults.  This book is about a world that has certain rules to abide by and is unnone to our type of people.  This world is not allowed to feel any type of emotions.  They don't know what  love or pain is.  This world is very restricted.  There is a boy named  Jonus who is the main character of the story.  At the age of 12 the kids in  the community get their life jobs.  This is a great book for young adults.
078322687X|5.0|This IS one of the greatest movies of all time,  enough said about that!<br />HOWEVER - The DVD is horrible.  The transfer is horrible and the sound is horrible.  You'd think for such a great movie the DVD would be  loaded with extras - not this one, BARE BONES DUDE!<br />STILL A GREAT MOVIE,   just a lazy effort on DVD.
0380002930|5.0|Watership Down is the best book i have ever read
B00000JMQE|4.0|Invariably the people who don't like RETURN TO OZ are those who are completely devoted to THE WIZARD OF OZ film but have probably never read any of the books; or they are those who expect it to be a children's  fantasy or musical. Welcome to a horror film that masquerades as something  else. Well, okay, more precisely it's horror fantasy, but you get the  idea... the creativity comes straight from the original books. As do the  characters. And the situations. And the overall feel of the movie. I  wouldn't say kids shouldn't see it, but it does have some pretty harrowing  and scary sequences, and Mombi waking up as Dorothy steals the key still  gives me a good shock. I've always thought the real problem with the film  lay in its marketing. Perhaps if it hadn't been sold as (finally!) a sequel  to that family classic of 1939 it would have performed better, and more  importantly, been reviewed better (in other words more on its own merits  and less in comparison to the original film). Some of the best aspects of  the movie are the performances (especially Nicol Williamson, and Fairuza  Balk and her gang) and the special effects, particularly the puppetry and  the clay animation, which is at times breathtaking. The production design  is excellent, and I must also mention the score by David Shire, as it's one  of the best film scores of the 1980s. The DVD is not packed with extras,  unfortunately, but the presentation is good (with 1.85:1 widescreen and  fullscreen versions on the same disc) and the interview with Fairuza Balk  is fairly interesting. The introduction is nothing more than Balk saying  &quot;Hi, enjoy the film&quot; (well, words mostly to that effect, anyway).  The lack of commentary is a disappointment, but I have to admit that this  DVD release was one reason I finally bought a DVD player. See this film  with an open mind. I think you will like what you see.
B0000009SG|5.0|the stories make you want to move to the mountains of montana and seek out the dinah-mo (or learn to enjoy pygmy love). How can you review this... either you want good music with cool lyrics or you don't. This is one  sought by a seeker
B000031WD9|5.0|The teenage comedy of my generation was clearly Fast Times at Ridgemont High.  But I have to admit that American Pie is a classic already, and might be funnier to the set of us that are in our 30's than to the teenage  crowd the Movie was aimed at.  I will never look at a flute player the same  way!
0425170349|5.0|I've really never read this book.  But the video game looks pretty neato and I invented the internet.  As you know, I'm running for president of the United States and would appreciate a vote for me.  So remember, vote for me  because I invented the internet.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana is back!  and in a BIG way!  his latest single &quot;Smooth&quot; is downright the best song of 1999, as for the whole CD, its a masterpiece.<br />Matchbox 20's lead singer provides vocals to a top  notch album.<br />If this doesn't win at the Grammies next year, I will be  very surprised!  A definite buy!
6304078102|5.0|I've seen a lot of classic films over my lifetime, but there was something about this movie that made it stand above the rest. Perhaps it was the moving story about a composer who turns to teaching in a high school to pay  the bills, but winds up staying there for 30 years through a series of  personal tragedies and triumphs. Maybe it was the spectacular cast that  includes Richard Dreyfuss in an Oscar nominated turn as the title  character, Glenne Headley as his loyal wife, Jay Thomas as his trusted  friend, and Olympia Dukakis as the boss he hates and loves. It might have  been the realistic way it portrays high school life over thirty years, or  the wonderful use of music from different periods to add to the story, or  even the way it doesn't stay away from sensitive issues in our world  (death, war, the deaf, and the struggles of balancing work and family are  all talked about). However, I feel the reason I love this movie so much is  because of the realistic way it depicts a man's contributions to the world.  The movie shows Glen Holland not as a saint, but as a flawed man who loved  music deeply, and managed to pass on his love to some other children. It  doesn't seem like much, but as we see in the teary final scene, the small  things that Glen Holland did, in their own little way, made the world a  better place.
B00000JTB2|5.0|Out of over 500 CD's and 75 blues CD's, this may just be the one I cherish the most.  A must own for anyone even remotely interested in the blues or once-in-a-lifetime recordings of two masters of the guitar.  Simply  jaw-dropping.  I'd pay twenty bones for the Blues at Sunrise alone.  Wow!
6301008944|5.0|I love this movie! I saw it last night, and I immediately fell in love! I'm very pleased that every review so far has been 5 stars!<br />P.S. If you havn't seen this movie-YOU'RE MISSING OUT!
B000005RFQ|5.0|Without a doubt the BEST album Black Sabbath ever put out!  Ian Gillian screaming never ceases to put a big smile on my face and is the best part of the album.  Tony Iommi with three hot solos on &quot;Hot Line&quot;,  Geezer playing thumping away on &quot;Zero the Hero&quot; and Bill Wards  drums on &quot;Disturbing the Priest&quot; make this a must have for any  serious metal fan.   If ONLY this could be packaged with a few live tracks  from the &quot;Paraniod in Reading&quot; bootleg and a CD rom of the  &quot;hilarious and M-TV banned &quot;Trashed&quot; video. Why can't Tony  play fast anymore like he did on this album?
0140157352|5.0|Overall, I like this book a lot and I found it very useful.<br />Actually I didn't read through the whole book.  Yet I did capture the key point of the book - 'Don't bargain over positions'.  Then I used this principle-based  negotiation in real life.  For instance, when I am facing a challenge from  my partner on my proposal, I won't fight back directly.  I will first seek  for the mutual interest, a common ground.  Then I'll explain why I think my  proposal can help achieve the mutual interest.  Then I ask the opposing  partner what he/she think and whether he/she wants to share any better  proposal to achieve this mutual interest.  If my/mutual interest can be  satisfied, yet my partner has a better way to do it, then why not change my  own proposal?  I tried this approach several times and they all worked out  pretty well.  Most of the times I successfully convinced my partner without  damaging  relationship.  A few times I changed my position yet I was still  happy because I still had my interest satisfied.<br />Net, this book is really  useful and recommend to BUY for everyone.
0792151712|3.0|Most people either love this movie or hate it. I'm one of the few who stand somewhere in the middle. I thought &quot;Titanic&quot; was great, but it's certainly not a classic, on par with films like &quot;Citizen  Kane&quot; and &quot;Mr Smith Goes to Washington.&quot; On the negative  side,  the movie's story line is mostly copied from &quot;Romeo and  Juliet&quot; and &quot;West Side Story.&quot; We all know how it goes: two  people from different worlds meet, fall in love, have a forbidden romance,  and the whole thing ends in tragedy. To me, the ending could be predicted  after the film's first half-hour. Equally bad, DiCaprio and Winslet are not  performers of great depth. To be fair, they have their moments. However,  they spend 85 to 90 percent of the movie whining and overacting, and it  gets annoying. To flip the coin around, this movie does have it's merits.  The supporting cast is in top form, with Billy Zane, Kathy Bates, and an  Oscar worthy, beautiful performance by Gloria Stuart. The sets and costumes  are above average, and of coarse, those marvelous special effects during  the sinking of the ship can't go unagnored. The final 45 minutes of this  film are pure entertainment. I don't know about you, but I always get a get  a thrill watching our hapless heros run up and down the ship for dear life,  knowing that in the end, at least one will be shark food. It will be years  before another film can put special effects to such a memorable and  constructive use. Overall, this film just lacks the heart and sincerity to  make it a great film. That said, it is well worth seeing, and almost  everyone can find something to like about it. Heck, even I bought the  video!
B000002KKC|5.0|Not to offend anyone, but I have to say that it is easy to identify those who reviewed Tusk after just hearing it and those who reviewed it after really listening to it (more than once or twice, that is).  I have to admit  that after only one &quot;hearing&quot; of this album, I was surprised at  how different it sounded from all other post-blues-era Fleetwood Mac.   Being a huge Fleetwood Mac fan, I was initially disapointed...however, once  I had listened to it a few more times, my opinion of it changed  dramatically.  Having been brought up listening to Rumours and Tango in the  Night on long road trips with my parents, I fell in love with the catchy,  timeless, listener friendly hits found on those albums.  What I initially  heard on Tusk was not what I had grown accustomed to (with the exception of  &quot;Sara&quot;). The more I listened however, the more I realized that it  was not meant to be like anything else they recorded.  Like some of the  other reviewers have said, that is the beauty of it.  Tusk, is truly a  masterpiece, painstakingly crafted to reach the deepest of emotional  regions.  I will forever regard this as the best Fleetwood Mac album ever  recorded.  I brought this album along with me when I studied and travelled  abroad in Europe last Spring and that is when I fell in love with it.  Now  when I listen to it, I am reminded of the long train rides through European  countrysides, the self-discoveries I made during that time, and the early  times I spent with my girlfriend.  This album is not intended to make you  dance or make you want to go out and party....it is to be listened to and  reflected upon.  Not all music has the capability to hypnotize and  mesmerize...this album does.  It's depth can only be compared to the  emotional density found in classical music.      I normally don't care too  much about what other peoples opinions of music are (hence this being my  first review) but I felt I had to say something about this very special andvery much underappreciated album. I am so happy to see that there are many  others out there who have felt the power of this album and have come to  appreciate this album for what it truly is, and that is a unique musical  masterpiece.  For those who failed to notice, and who claimed it was  boring, unexperimental?, unlistenable, or trite, all I can say is that you  have to give it another chance.  This was Lindsey Buckinghams creative  offspring, and he wasn't going for the commercial sound that Fleetwood Mac  had mastered with Rumours, he seemed to be driven by a creative force  within him that needed to be explored...not for the sake of selling records  but for the sake of it being fresh and ingenius.  According to the  interview I saw on Fleetwood Mac on VH1, not even all of the other band  members were sure of what the album was going to sound like when they were  recording it.  They simply confided in him and his vision and went to  painstaking measures to mold and fashion their talents to his ideas.   Sometimes, begrudgingly at that.  When it was completed, they even chose to  move forward with out reflecting much on what they accomplished, feeling  that it was so burdensome on the band.  However, now that they have all  moved on, they hear it almost as objective listeners and critics, and have  claimed it to be a remarkable fusion of sound, lyricism, and creativity.  I  think, that in due time, anyone who listens to this album will feel that it  is more than just a rock album, but that it is music for the heart, mind,  and soul, which is what the human advent of artwork is intended to reach.   If it could be put on canvas it might be worth millions, and if it was a  book it would be an American classic, and required reading for all adults  (but probably banned in China). However, all of this is only my opinion and  I'm sure the songs mean different things to everyone who listens to them,  but I do have to say that it is worth investing not only your moneyin, but  sufficient time as well, because when the music does hit you, you will have  opened yourself up to a rare beauty that does not come along too often.
0395389496|5.0|I recently purchased the CD-ROM that animates the story on computer.  My third graders absolutely loved the story.  They begged for me to read and read the story again!  They wouldn't stop watching it on the computer!  The story is so well written and the illustrations are excellent.  It truly  makes you believe in the spirit of Christmas.  A must read for any age  group, young or old!
B000005RFQ|5.0|Without a doubt the BEST album Black Sabbath ever put out!  Ian Gillian screaming never ceases to put a big smile on my face and is the best part of the album.  Tony Iommi with three hot solos on &quot;Hot Line&quot;,  Geezer playing thumping away on &quot;Zero the Hero&quot; and Bill Wards  drums on &quot;Disturbing the Priest&quot; make this a must have for any  serious metal fan.   If ONLY this could be packaged with a few live tracks  from the &quot;Paraniod in Reading&quot; bootleg and a CD rom of the  &quot;hilarious and M-TV banned &quot;Trashed&quot; video. Why can't Tony  play fast anymore like he did on this album?
6304711921|5.0|It's no secret that the majority of Europeans see American cultural import as something highly entertaining but not very complex and sophisticated. The plots are simplistic, the characters lacking individuality,etc. I am not talking here about the well-known masterpieces but the everyday  Hollywood produce make this opinion well-deserved. On the other hand  today's European cinema is often anemic and uninspired. Of course I  generalize but for the most part it's true.<br />Living in Moscow I try to get  the best of both worlds and in The Nightmare Before Christmas I found  something that can be called flawless. It's very entertaining, the music is  the classic of the genre, the visuals are just unbelievable! It's complex,  it's fun, it's perfect in form and content. Frankly, you can hardly expect  all that from the American animation industry lately represented by  Anastasia, The Hercules and other sodomizations of the world history. So  the Nightmare's team did a great job of creating this surprisingly original  piece of art.<br />The main idea are the perspectives of communication between  the worlds that are so much different.  What happens if one of them come  uninvited to visit the other with the best intentions and gifts designed to  please. The result is far from idyllic.<br />What happens if the extraordinary  person is tired of his world and thinks that the real life is elsewhere. So  he travels abroad and finally finds the happiness at home.<br />It's strange  that some of the reviewers consider the Haloween creatures too violent.  They are no more violent that Maurice Sendac's Wild Things or the monsters  our children like to invent when they exchage the self-made horror  stories.<br />The portrayal of children of the Halloween Town is very accurate  - the little ones are unexhaustable, inventive and ready to do anything  just to see what comes out of it- just like my 7-year old son.<br />So this  DVD is an ideal investment and do not regret.
B000000993|5.0|Tool's three albums are different in thier complexity but are the same in their appeal.  Rythym and tempo changes keep your interest, and coupled with Keenan's arresting and distinctive vocals as well as beautifully  suited guitar distortion make beautiful music together.
B000002GIE|2.0|This is a typical debut album for a band that, in its beginning, wanted to be a hardrock band.<br />As a big fan of the two follow-ups to the »Extreme« album, »Pornograffitti« and »III Sides To Every Story«, I bought this one  out of curiosity. And it IS a debut album. No less - but no more  either.<br />Most of the songs are very much alike, so after a third of the  CD, you've heard it all. It only reaches historical value for Extreme fans  (like me).<br />There's a little too much of childish lyrics about schoolboys  which, OK, gives the album a kind of theme. But luckily, both the band and  its music grew up after having released »Extreme«. And they grew up to the  better!<br />The highlights on »Extreme« are the rock ballads like »Watching,  Waiting« and »Rock A Bye Bye«, and in other songs, there are some pretty  good guitar solos as well.
B000002OX7|5.0|This remaster along with The Who Sell Out, Tommy, Live At Leeds, and Quadrophenia rank among the pinnacle of the reissues of the 'Oo catalog.<br />It features superior sound, terrific outtakes,a booklet full of  photos, great liner notes, and the aborted album cover with Keith  Moon.<br />The outtakes include three cuts from the Lifehouse to Leeds bootleg  (the tape was reacquired): Pure and Easy, Baby, Don't You Do It, and Behind  Blue Eyes.<br />One note: Too Much of Anything is not the version from Odds  and Sods as the liner notes claim. If you compare the two, Daltrey's vocal  is slightly different, and the two songs end differently, too. Thus, this  song is also unreleased.<br />Only one downside. The multitracks to Won't get  Fooled Again were located after this release was issued. It does make its  initial appearance on My Generation - The Very Best of The Who. If one  compares the sound quality between the two, one can only hear a marginal  difference in the sound quality (You can tell at 7:45 into the song on  Daltry's final scream).<br />Overall, an outstanding release that deserves to  be in anyone's Who collection.<br />Oh...and apologies on my review of the  Mobile Fidelity remaster: There were three remasters over a four year  period, not two! This CD was released in 1995, not 1998. Just wanted to  clear that up!
B00000JCB3|5.0|I really think you all will enjoy this CD.If you are a fan of the up and coming rock-rap mixture,then you will have to get this.My personal favorites are the rock hits,&quot;Nookie&quot; and &quot;Rearranged.&quot;  My favorite rap song is &quot;N 2 Gether Now.&quot; This CD is tight!
0385484518|5.0|At the beginning of this semester one of my professors required all of her students to read this book.  I never thought that I would be so moved by a book required for a course.  I reccomend this book to anyone who has ever  questioned the meaning of life or had trouble facing their own mortality.   This book will be my Christmas gift for my mother. As for my professor...  Thank you Lisa
B000000H6D|3.0|I bought this album because I totally fell for Type O Negative's version of »Summer Breeze« featured in the very beginning of the movie »I Know What You Did Last Summer«.<br />And I must admit, that one is the least dark song  of »Bloody Kisses«. The album, like all other stuff from the band, is about  love and death, religion and darkness. Both the lyrics (which are brilliant  and probably daring for a US band) and the music underline these themes in  a very well-worked out way.<br />But to a &quot;normal&quot; fan of symphonic  rock, it gets a bit too much. Half the album is enough. It IS an  interesting new experience though.
B000001F4H|5.0|These reveiws are disgusting, this album is amazing even to non-fools.  The album is absolutely brilliant. You can tell the fools by the lack of 5 golden stars.
B00002E233|5.0|I watched this movie reluctantly and with very low expectations (my friend got this for my birthday after I told her like 100 times that I wanted something else).  The plot was great, and I thought it was very origional.   And when I said jumpout of your seat into your friends lap, I meant it  literally!   This is definantly one of those movies where you better go to  the bathroom before hand, cause youcan't miss a moment!   I would  definantly recommend this movie to anybody!   So needless to say, my  expectations were TOTALLY wrong, the movie was excellent, and watching it  with the quality and clarity of DVD - a regular video cannot even try to  compete!
0684833395|5.0|This book is without a doubt the best book I've ever read. No other book was so easily accessible, so entertaining, so thought provoking and so funny as Joseph Heller's 'Catch 22' was. In it's bizarre clarity the book  effortlessly tackles the futility and zaniness of life. It's a must for  anyone - I think I'll read it again.
0380789019|3.0|I have never read anything by Neil Gaiman before, but this particular book grabbed my attention. While i did enjoy this book, it still fell just short of what I was expecting. The secondary characters, the Marguis de Carabas,  the Lady Door, even the villianous Misters Croup and Vandemar were strongly  written, full and realistic. Yet, the story's main character, Richard  Mayhew, seemed strangely made of cardboard. His reactions to the happenings  around him seem forced and predictable. He seemed to me to be an outsider  to the entire novel, not just to the world of London Below. In my opinion,  he just didn't fit.
B00000IGGA|5.0|Buy this album.<br />There you go. That's pretty much everything I have to say. Tom Waits has found his voice, and if his entire repertoire, his entire history were to disappear from the Earth tomorrow, Mule Variations  by itself would be enough to justify his place in music history.<br />The  first song, Big in Japan, leads you to expect the same atonality and  tribal-rhythm driven poundings that he delivered on his Bone Machine album.  And those elements are there; but they are softened and tempered by a  compassion and humanity that emanates from practically every chord  struck.<br />His lyrics here combine the poetic doggerel of his Small Change  years without striking the same false and affected (if fun) notes found  there: <br />Down by the Riverside motel,<BR> it's 10 below and falling<BR> by  a 99 cent store she closed her eyes<BR> and started swaying<BR> but it's so  hard to dance that way<BR> when it's cold and there's no music<BR><br />(from  &quot;Hold On&quot;)<br />Every song on the album has a lyric that will stay  with you for days after hearing it:  &quot;She's a diamond that wants to  stay coal.&quot; &quot;Well its got to be a chocolate Jesus, keep me  satisfied.&quot; &quot;Come down off the cross ... we can use the  wood.&quot;<br />The music, of course, will stay in your head as well. The  traditional blues influence that has always been in Waits' music is more  visible here, thanks to more subdued production than on the previous  albums. The album is carried on the strength of its writing and on Waits'  plaintive voice. This was Tom Waits' first studio album in 6 years. It was  worth the wait. Rarely do artists get this much better with age. Waits  continually stuns me with his ability to pioneer his own unique sound  without falling into a stylistic rut. We are all richer for his very  existence.
B0000399WI|5.0|This is one of those movies that will stay in your head long after you watch it. Great performances by Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman. I personally feel it should have won Best Picture over Forrest Gump. Even the  music is wonderful! You can't go wrong with this one! One of my personal  favorites!
0804106304|5.0|I had heard of this book many times since the movie came out. I avoided the movie because I felt that it would have nothing to do with me (So of course I avoided the book). This semester, for a college fiction class, I  read it. I was expecting a bunch of dribble (sorry Amy) which wouldn't  relate to me at all. I was caught off guard by how interested I became.  Actually I was disappointed once I reached the end because I wanted it to  continue.<br /> The writing style and symbolism is remarkable. I highly  recommend this book to anyone who is considering reading it.<br /> Everything  I ever wanted in a book!
B00002Z88D|5.0|This was an awesome.  Probably the best one yet.  Not only did they do excellent songs but the orchestra helped add to the awesome effect of the songs.  It added a certain mood that a guitar cant add.  I loved the CD,  especially the 2 new songs.  I really think any true Metallica fan would  love the CD and its a great CD to add to a collection.  Even though it's an  orchestra they still come through with the hard hitting power chords and  fast guitar riffs as the Old Metallica from the Master of Puppet days.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|John Williams brings you through 30 years of his fantastic music . At most times it can be with only a single instrument, like in the &quot;sugarland express&quot; the harmonica is fantastic as it leads through the song. This  cd is flawless from starwars to finish
6304806418|5.0|I must admit, the first time I saw Evita, I wasn't real impressed. After the second time, I was mesmerized! I have seen Evita at least three dozen times and know all the songs by heart. Madonna proves she has a truly  gifted voice. Even Antonio has a decent voice. Truly, a great movie and  definitely worth seeing over and over again!
6304539487|4.0|The Ghost in the Shell(dubbed) had good music, beautiful animation, but I expected a bit more from the plot . I was left confused about who the Puppet Master was and what certain things had to do with the plot. Also, I  was suprised at how this movie was less than 90 minutes! Other than that,  it is a great movie for anime fans and movie goers alike.
B0000025RI|5.0|No,i'm not his die-hard fan.But as a sane human being,i'm giving him 5 stars for his efforts and singing talents,instead of just because he is the greatest whatever in the world,or the King of Pop.I listened to this  recording a few times,and came up with a few conclusions.Firstly i'd like  to say that the music to every song is unique in it's own right.&quot;Wanna  be Startin Somethin&quot;,acts as an excellent opener to the album,with a  nice dance and pop mix to it,making anyone jump to his feet!All of the love  songs are great.Michael's voice blends in well with the music.A little high  tone there,and low tone here,makes the song sound good,and ever so sexy!My  recommanded favourites are,&quot;Billie Jean&quot; and &quot;The Lady in my  Life&quot;.&quot;Beat it&quot;,is a classic example of Rock blent in with  Pop.It is my all time  favourite on the album,and will definately stay as  one of those classic songs,that will be heard for years to come!I  espeacially like the guitar rythems,blending in very  well!&quot;Thriller&quot; is also a good piece.With it's well arranged  music,and production,it easily becomes one of the best songs of the 80s!The  rap,by Vincent Price,is espeacially good!Apart from Michael's singing and  the music produced,his efforts also count into this recording.Taking a  brave attempt,he wrote and composed most of the songs,in which he also  plays a big part in making the music.&quot;Beat it &quot;,and &quot;Billie  Jean&quot; won Grammys in 1984,both of which he wrote the lyrics  for.Speaking of lyrics,i have to say that those on this album are really  excellent,whether written by Michael or not!All in all,this album is a  wonderful package of pop and R&amp;B songs,that deserves to be one of the  best!By the way,technically speaking,this album only won 7 Grammys in  1984(not 1983 dammit! ).You see,he only won 7 Grammys for the songs on  this album.The other Grammy was achieved for the children's recording he  did for the movie,ET.But if you look at the album on the whole,music videos  and all,he did win 8 Grammys after all! The music  video,&quot;Thriller&quot;,won a Grammy in 1985 for best long form video.So  if you add that to the 7 Grammys,minus the children's recording,the album  still achieves 8 Grammys!If you only include the Grammys won for the songs  only,in 1984,he only won 7 Grammys for this album.Anyway,i'm not saying  that this is the best album of all time,just by the record sales.45 million  or not,it deserves to be one of the best Pop and R&amp;B albums,making it  one of the best of the 1980s!
0767836286|4.0|This film started off a little slow for my taste, but after seeing the end I was glad the writers took the time to establish the plot.  The ending completely threw me.  It was unlike anything I ahve seen in the history of  Drama dating back to the ancient Greeks.
6303433766|5.0|Doesn't everyone remember, somewhere in adolescence, seeing 2 girls, seemingly joined together at the hip, drawing pictures of horses, bursting into gales of hysterical laughter, communicating on a wavelength that only  they could understand, and creating a universe that only they could  inhabit?<br />Peter Jackson's film of Pauline Parker and Juliet Hulme is an  exploration of a relationship archetype that has never been so fully  realized on the screen. It is a remarkable achievement, none so the less  for the controversy that has surrounded it since the identities of the two  protagonists has been recently revealed. <br />There has been much controversy  and argument over how true the film is to what exactly happened.  While all  of this is interesting when discussing the case, I ultimately don't think  it's very important when discussing the film. For I think the film serves  as a much larger canvas: the exploration of the intense emotional  attachment that some girls experience in adolescence.  I don't think it has  ever been done quite the way it has been done in this film. Its marvelous  special effects that take us into the world inhabited by these two Heavenly  Creatures. Wonderful performances by Kate Winslett and Melanie Lynskey in  their film debuts. One of my favorite films of the 1990's.
B000005EJL|2.0|Supertramp is a great band and I am a true fan of them. But since Roger Hodgson has left the group they could never match their past performances.   &quot;Some Things Never Change&quot; was a surprise to a lot of fans that  did not reckon with a new album in the late 90´s. Unfortunately, this album  - as well as all other Supertramp albums ever since Roger left to start a  solo career - cannot recall the old Supertramp. The best song on  &quot;STNC&quot; is definitely &quot;You Win, I Lose&quot;, which is the  most reminiscent of classic Supertramp. &quot;Listen To Me Please&quot; and  &quot;C´est What?&quot; are nice pop songs. However, the other tracks on  the album are simply disappointing efforts. They cannot captivate the  listener and lack an underlying spirit. <br />I think highly of Rick Davies,  but Supertramp is just not Supertramp as it used to be anymore.   Ironically, the album is called Some Things Never Change as an allusion to  the Supertramp of the 70´s and the Supertramp now. But after having  listened to this CD, I have to object. <br />If you´re looking for less known  songs that are reminiscent of classic Supertramp check Roger Hodgson´s  &quot;In The Eye Of The Storm&quot; or &quot;Hai Hai&quot;. There are some  great Supertramp-like songs to be found on those albums. I´m looking  forward to Roger´s new album that he announced to be done in 2000.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is a great movie for anyone who likes action movies.  This is the best Sci-Fi ever made.  The graphics are the best Ive seen.  If your into futureistic high actions movies this is a must see.
B000003TAW|5.0|What can you say?  Weezer brings out the geek in all of us.  And I think that we can honestly say that at one time or another we have felt this way. Weezer (Along with Alice in Chains) is the perfect music to listen to when  you're feeling down.  Hey, it's great to listen to anytime!  The band's  second album Pinkerton, is on an equal level.  I have probably sung along  to the songs so many times that I recite them in my sleep.  So get out  there and buy it.
B000002WPI|5.0|Wu-Tang is Bangin', Old school Hip-Hop Beats and lyrics, I though the whole cd was unreal, great Mc's and what I like most about dis album is NO commercializim, like other raps artists such as Master-P, Method-Man is tha  illist Mc in da clan, 1 love!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|...When I first heard \\"Fast as you can\\" I fell in love with it. The fact is, I am a bigger dance/electronic music fan more than anything else, and since the song has a dancy feel to it, I decided to buy \\"When the Pawn...\\" At first listen, I was pretty unimpressed. I skipped right to \\"Fast as you can\\" and pretty much put the cd away. That is until I read some of her lyrics! Fiona's words are true poetry. She conveys her emotion in such a way that you, yourself can relate to her pains, sorrows, and happiness. Her voice has a tremendous range and she showcases it on every song. After a few listens, this album has become my favorite album of this year. With classics like the threatening \\"Limp\\" and \\"Fast as you can\\" and the grieving lover in \\"Get Gone\\" and the heartfelt \\"Paper Bag\\" and \\"I Know\\", this album is sure to become a classic. It is a shame that Fiona is not getting the attention she deserves for this album. At such a young age, it is a triumph for anyone to write and score such a deep album all on her own! I highly recommend this album to those who like music that makes you think!
0920668364|5.0|I do not have any children, but I love this book.  I have purchased it for all my friends with children, as well as my boyfriend's mother.  This a wonderful story about the cycles of life and I highly recommend it to  anyone at all.  I cry EVERY time I read it.
B000023VR6|5.0|First of all this CD is not quite as good as &quot;The Chronic&quot; but it is very close. Dr. Dre is the best proucer of the world. Most people just talk about 2PAC and BIGGIE and forget about Dre. Every song he  produces is a hit, I don't know he does it but he just is the man. If you  don't have &quot;The Chronic&quot; yet buy both of them because you will  love it. Many people thought that Dre couldn't produce songs anymore and  thast he is to old, but he proved everybody wrong with this great CD. This  CD is a must have for everybody who likes rapjust a lil' bit. Dr. Dre is  one of the best rappers with 2PAC and BIGGIE. Actually you shoul buy this  CD 5 times so you have it with you all the time.
0061002747|5.0|This book is for people who love the suspence. If you read it, the way it is written is just so becoming! Agatha Christie is one of the greatest mystery novelists of all time. Once you get started you can't stop, you  could even say it leaves you at the edge of your seat. Don't listen to me,  read it for yourself, I loved it!  :)
0393307050|4.0|Master and Commander is a good book.  Good enough that I plan to pick up another of the O'Brien series in the future.<br />The author tells a good story.  Aubrey and Maturin (the main characters) are well developed.  They  are also complex enough that they are believable as real people, a triumph  for any novelist.  Plus, the historical detail and setting will entice any  reader who likes period pieces.<br />Not being a sailor, I found the author's  explanations of naval terms and tools educational.  I learned from the  book.  The information is presented in enough detail to enlighten and  explain the story but not so much as to bore or bog down the action.  Again, the mark of a good author.<br />Recommended.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Depending on what kind of a music fan you are, you'll either  end up loving this one or hating it altogethter. Michael Kamen  and Metallica put togehter a wonderful fusion of Classical music  and Hard rock. Almost every metallica hit has been re-done with  symphonic music mixed in. For Most tracks, the effect is stunning.  For a few, it goes out of sync and is plain annoying.    Listen to \\"Hero Of The Day\\" and \\"Fuel\\" before you buy.    Wish i had been there, Kamen (rest his soul.) is  no more and metallica probably will never ever   do a classical fusion. Buy the dvd if you want  to see some of the best performances from   Lars and Hammet.
0440414210|5.0|It is easy to see why A Christmas Carol is such a classic.  Big virtues are explored and the magic of the Christmas season causes the spiritual redemption of Ebeneezer Scrooge.<br />The Ghosts of Christmas Past, Present  and Future are a wonderful device to show the evolution of one of God's  innocents (Scrooge) to his mercurial state and then finally to a point  where his spirit reawakens to the important parts of life.<br />Uplifting and  moving.<br />(By the way, I highly recommend the 1983 George C. Scott movie  version.)
B00000F3TS|5.0|This was the best movie I have ever seen in my whole life!  I watch it all the time with my best friend. This movie was so funny and exciting, yet serious. It makes you think if there really was such a person as One-Eyed  Willie! This movie deserves much credit. This is a Must-see movie, not to  mention is great for all ages!
B0000399WI|5.0|The Movie:<br />Every so often in everyone's life, they walk out of a movie that they consider perfect. A movie where you don't sit through it and think to yourself how you might have done it all differently had you been  the director. I have a couple of movies like that, and &quot;The Shawshank  Redemption&quot; is one of them. I still remember clearly walking out of  the theater in 1994 and thinking that I've just seen one of the best movies  that I'll ever have the pleasure of sitting through. A movie so elegant and  emotional that is perfect in its way of storytelling. A movie that is about  how hope can never die. The movie earned several Academy Award nominations  that were certainly well-deserved, but it left theaters all too quickly.  Over the years though, it has gained a strong cult following.<br />The movie  stars Tim Robbins in one of his very best performances as Andrew Dufresne,  a quiet man who is convicted of the murder of his wife and is sent to  Shawshank prison. It's there he meets &quot;Red&quot;, a convict played by  Morgan Freeman who gets things from the outside for a price. He first sees  Andy as he's lead into the prison and predicts that he won't last long  inside the prison walls. Over time though, he's suprised that the young man  is able to survive and soon, the two become friends with respect for each  other. Andy is not a man who &quot;fights the system&quot;. He spends his  days in his own quiet world, a courage that the other prisoners don't quite  understand at first. Robbins has built this character in a way that we  the performance is not showy, but subtle. The result is that we want to  know more and when we do begin to understand his ways, that only makes us  want him to succeed that much more. I won't go into much more in the way of  detail about the movie; if you haven't seen it, I don't want to ruin any of  the enjoyment of the movie; if you have, I'm sure you already have your  feelings about the movie. This is a movie that's not depressing; it has a  lot of life to it and I think that when they look back at the 90's, they  will see that this is one of the best pictures that was released during  this time.<br />Yes, Warner Brothers has proven to made an error in judgement  about their way of going about putting this DVD out. There was an  announcement over a year ago, I believe; then previous announcements came  later after the first delay promising a director's commentary, then a  Morgan Freeman commentary, then, in the final moments before the DVD is  released this week...nothing. It's a shame, as &quot;Shawshank&quot; is a  film deserving of much more. I suppose part of me is happy with the fact  that this film is finally on DVD, although if this is the final product,  there is no reason in my mind that this couldn't have been released a long,  is an excellent looking image. One of the best cinematographers in the  business (Roger Deakins- &quot;Fargo&quot;) did the filming on this picture  and the pale colors are represented well throughout the picture, mainly  browns and greys. Like the movie, there is an elegance to the visual style  on this picture that is apparent in every movie that Deakins has worked on.  Images are clear and crisp throughout; sharp, but not overly sharp for a  &quot;smooth&quot; feeling that looks very film-like.<br />There are few  problems, and none of them are terribly distracting at all. There is a  slight shimmering in a scene or two and some very small instances of grain.  Other than that, this is an excellent looking image that will certainly  beautiful sound mix. It's also a newly remastered 5.1 mix. It's not flashy  or showy, nor does it need to be. It does however, do what it needs to do  best very well. The score by Thomas Newman is absolutely wonderful and it  sounds clear and crisp throughout the picture. Surrounds are put into use  occasionally, but always in a subtle way that is right for the picture.  What I was pleased about most though, washow rich and clean the score  sounded on this DVD. Dialogue is clear and without problems as well. Again,  Non-animated main menus that have the score playing in the  dissapointment of this DVD; all that's included is the trailer and some  production  stills.<br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Final  Thoughts Although it's unfortunate that this isn't the special edition that  it should have been it is a must for any collection. I'm happy  the film is finally being realized by more and more people as a classic  piece of filmmaking, which I've always considered it to be.
B00000J7J4|5.0|After growing up listening to Santana, I thought that I would only enjoy what I had decided were his &quot;standards&quot;. This album showed me how much a truly great artist not only changes but grows and adds to his or her  knowledge. This album brought together artists that almost anyone could  love.
B0000024TQ|4.0|The Beatles &quot;White Album&quot; represents 1968 to many; its jagged music and harmony representing so much gone wrong so quickly. In &quot;Bookends,&quot; probably their best album, Simon &amp; Garfunkel use  better production and more complete songs to express many of the same  feelings. &quot;Mrs. Robinson&quot; is a cliche' now (has been since Frank  Sinatra's cover), but &quot;Fakin' It,&quot; &quot;Hazy Shade of  Winter,&quot; and especially &quot;America&quot; express with detailed  imagery the loss of innocence and even civility that marked their previous  generation. The long bus ride, the trip to the zoo, even the morning  breakfast (&quot;Punky's Dilemma&quot;) are chronicled by a sweeping  lonliness society only pretends to fill with the &quot;Dangling  Conversation&quot; of S&amp;G's previous album. A classic best heard start  to finish in one listen.
B000000OAH|3.0|&quot;JAZZ&quot; misfired in some point. I don't know exactly where and why, but it definitely worst than News of the World, A Night at The Opera and all other Queen albuns from the Seventies. There are great songs  always, of course. But it is just average.
630289915X|4.0|It's a Wonderful Life is a story that is almost \\"Anti-Scrooge.\\" Here the \\"hero\\"  is a fellow named George who chooses to do the right thing for the right reasons. Rather than being a selfish, old miser who has no family or  friends, George is a young, bank owner who is surrounded by family and  friends; and he is unselfish almost to a fault. Although his intentions are  good, he always seems to come up with the short end of the stick.<br />When  push comes to shove, and his choices seem unbearable, he considers suicide.  In his hour of need he is visited by an angel who shows him how his good  actions made a difference in the lives of the people around him.<br />Like  scrooge, he faces his inner self. But where Scrooge needs to learn how to  give, George needs to learn that the rewards of selfless giving far out-way  the personal consequences.<br />This is a sentimental story and maybe even a  little predictable, but it reaches inside each of us to help us see that  doing the right things for the right reasons is worth the consequences. It  reminds us that although moral choices are difficult the impact has far  reaching affects.<br />This story, in a broader sense, helps us remember that  the American dream is still about living in a country where we are free to  choose for ourselves, and that it takes brave people like George to protect  our rights to that freedom.<br />This is a phenomenal story about the spirit  of Christmas and selfless giving.
B000000OF6|5.0|I usually don't like compilations. They are heartless, because the songs are put together and lose the context in which they were written for a particular album of that band. This is an exception. It is perfect. It's  really the best of Queen and, because they're so good, the order of the  songs really doesn't matter. It's everything there. If you're short of  money and want to buy only one Queen album, buy this one.
0767817478|1.0|A film copys the ideas of Jurassic Park, Alien, ET, and King Kong. But NO Godzilla.
B000000OAN|4.0|This album is amazing, but the horrible &quot;Sweet Lady&quot; keeps me away from giving it 5-star. Anyway, it's a remarkable piece of music who must be in any decent rock collection.
0767817478|1.0|A film copys the ideas of Jurassic Park, Alien, ET, and King Kong. But NO Godzilla.
B000000OAC|4.0|Very GOOD !  On eof their best! &quot;Spread YOur Wings&quot; and &quot;It's Late&quot; are the best songs in my opinion.
0517122707|2.0|I finished reading this book a few weeks ago, and have since totally forgotten about it, which I dare say is probably not a good thing. I did not find \\"Dunces\\" funny, nor even amusing and barely entertaining. I read it at the urging of a friend whose opinion I respect - I no longer respect his opinion (at least about what books to read.) I will nonetheless give credit to Mr. Toole for the flawless structure of his book. His ability to make seeingly unrelated events interact to eventually produce a coherent picture is truly remarkable. But, other than the well-planned narrative, I found this book wholly uninteresting.
B000006NPY|5.0|Yes, you can shout, and if you shout good enough, people will shout with you because they imagine that it's they who are shouting. But if you whisper... they just might shut up and listen. Blank page back to you,  billy.
0380002930|5.0|I read this fine book years ago, but the fond memory lingers with me to this day 20 years later. The rich story and fantasy element will sweep you away and you'll become engrossed in the material. I had a hard time putting  this down and spent every waking moment I could to finish it. A wonderful  work to lose yourself into!
1573226521|3.0|At last, Gen-X seems to have found its storyteller.  This is one whale of a tale, even though it has been beached and acquired a certain odor of Hollywood hype.  Garland's debut hits THE THEME for Gen-X: the outsider of  moral ambivalence who just wants to observe while others gyre and gimble in  a moral miasma.  The central character's  vision has the scope of a  GameBoy.  His emotional connections are no deeper than a duck.  But, as he  wanders through this set piece that resembles Central Perk in Eden, his  engagement with these paper-thin personae begin to cut him deeply and moral  ambivalence is not an option.  Choose he must, and Garland swept me right  along with him in the process.  It was an adventure.  Like all  coming-of-age situations, it all seems so dumb in retrospect and so  essential in the midst.  Why then only three stars?  First, Giles Foden did  better with THE THEME in &quot;The Last King of Scotland.&quot;  Second, I  am now reading Garland's second effort, &quot;The Tesseract.&quot;  It is  much much better.  One hopes that this is a trajectory leading to  apotheosis.  Too many stars ruin the suspense.
B00000JY1X|5.0|Too many of the reviewers here are getting into themselves too deeply, as if they've been masturbating way too long. Basically, you have to get these three albums. You don't have to be a fan of Stephen Merritt or of previous  Magnetic Fields albums. Simply insert these pure poppy gems into your  nearest CD tray and rest your head back and relax and experience a sense of  nostalgia as you wander through every single loving relationship you've  ever been through. Only this time, you'll remember it fondly. But then  again, I'm masturbating just like all the others here. Just go buy the  albums.
0767817478|2.0|Let's admit it, folks. It takes talent to make a movie like this so boring.
0385493622|4.0|I picked up this book, and could not put it down. It is an enjoyable foray into the world of mathematical genius, haunting problems, and obsession. If  you like this, check out The Man Who Loved Only Numbers (about Erdos).
0767821629|4.0|This film was lots of fun to watch on DVD. Besides, Gretchen Mol is simply stunning!
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix was a really great movie with amazing special effects.  a high tech action thriller involving all sorts of futuristic gadgets--a must see for all those who love action movies.  plenty of gun battles with enemy  &quot;agents&quot; also.  terrific fight scenes (there are plenty of them)  and an intriguing story.  OVERALL: A FANTASTIC MOVIE!
6305090564|3.0|This film is a lot of fun to watch. Just suspend disbelief for a while and simply go with the flow.
0790733897|5.0|When I first saw Bullitt in 68, I didn't have a clue about the plot. I just waited to see the car chase. Seeing it now, Especially being a San Franciscan, Made it a real Classic. The Jazz, Enricos Restraunt, The  embarcadero freeway, All brought back memories of an earlier time.  The  best part besides the chase is the cinematography and Dialog. Sparse,  Obtuse, Very fitting for the time in SF. It's nice when a film tells a  story quietly and Steve Ma Queen is King. Also, this was the first time  that a detective is in fashonable clothes. In fact Keven Costner credits a  lot of his style to Steve Mc Queen's Characturiaztion of Bullitt. If that  doesn't get you then the Camera scenes from inside the cars going down Hyde  street will make your stomach rumble. See it on a Big Screen
6305372411|5.0|This was the best miniseries i have ever seen.  From the beginning of the first episode to the last astronauts name was listed i was held captivated by this brilliant display of the heroes in americas space program.  My  personal favorites were the ones that focused on the creation of the Lunar  Excusion Module (LEM) and the episode that was dedicated to Apollo 12 with  Dave Foley giving an excellent Ace Award worthy performance as Alan Bean.   I highly recommend this for everyone.
B000002UAR|4.0|This record is a nice bridge between the Beatels early and late periods.  This album alon giwth Rubber Soul added many creative touches including George Harrison's sitar effects and some creative lyrics that go beyond the  basic love songs that these guys were writing at the beginning fo their  career.  How many songs were written about taxes before George Harrison  came along with his winner of a song.  Tomorow Never Knows is a very trippy  song with its many sound effects.  In general each song on here seems to  add something new to the overall Beatle sound.  Eleanor Rigby is very  depressing and its hard to lsiten to at times. And your not going to find  mind blowing instrumental passages here either.  However, the Beatles were  excellent song-writers and masteful arrangers and this collection should  belong to anyone who appreciates those qualities in music.
B000005IU1|5.0|Take the druggy strut of the Rolling Stones, the bizzare howl of avant garde jazz, a propelling bo diddley beat and douse with distortion. The resulting explosion is the first stooges record. Indispensable.
B000002UB3|5.0|One wonders what direction the Beatles would have gone in had they remained together.  Truthfully, they broke up when they were at the top of their game.  This final studio recording of all original material(although  not a final release, Let It Be)shows many classic songs and varying styles.  The sleazy Come Together, the happy go lucky Octopusses Garden, the  creative suite on Side 2 all great.  Not to mention George Harrison's two  gems.  Even some good guitar solos by John and George.  Classic song  stylings by Mr. McCartney.  Steady Ringo drumming throughout.  And I love  the album cover.  Its just so cool.  What more could you possibly want in  music.
B00000163G|5.0|This album is without a doubt the best ever created by any rapper.  This album has a lot of feelings and emotions that 2pac witnessed.  Not only is it TRU but it is also encouraging.  No More Pain has the best beats and  lyrics within the album.  Personally it's my favorite track.  I love all  the tracks from disk 1-disk 2 because they are all interesting and keep you  thinking.  Biggie's album Life After Death is great but it could never  touch All Eyes On Me because it's not real.  Tupac rapped about things we  can relate to, while Biggie talked about mainly money and women, which gets  boring after a while.  No matter how old this album is I will always listen  to it because it can't get boring. Therefore if you don't have it get it.
6305311463|2.0|My complaint is not with the movie, which I knew ahead of time to be shallow and far fetched but with the Criterion release. I have been buying their Laser Disc releases for years and if nothing else they always had the  best video transfer available. So here is a wide screen action film on DVD  and they don't even bother to obtain an anamorphic video transfer. I should  be able to see every crystal in the asteroid and every hair on Ben A's  face. I'm not, after all, viewing this for the scintilating dialog.
B000002GI0|5.0|The Bob Dylan of the 80's and 90's...but with much  more wit and humor.  Hiatt is not only hilarious on this cd but also knocks out a couple of &quot;rip your heart out&quot; ballads.  Hiatt takes you on an adventure  on&quot;Trudy and Dave&quot;, makes you chuckle on &quot;Tennessee  Plates&quot; and takes you through all sorts of emotions and life  experiences throughout the rest of the recording.  This is one of those  rare CDs in which there is not a weak cut...it's one of todays best writers  with arguably his best work.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I think this CD is even better than their first, which was excellent. Every song here is excellent, but two of them really stood out for me. &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; was fantastic. &quot;I Don't Know You  Anymore&quot; is haunting, heartbreaking, and will ring true for anyone  going through a breakup. Savage Garden is a great group, and their  songwriting talents are unbelievable. &quot;Affirmation&quot; is an  excellent CD.
B0000024TQ|2.0|I'm a big Simon &amp; Garfunkel fan, but this is definitely my least favorite of their records.  Somehow it just misses.  Bright spots are &quot;America&quot; and &quot;Mrs. Robinson&quot; but besides that... The  guys don't seem to be working together much.  Paul wants to do his own  thing, and some of these songs sound like they should be on a Paul Simon  album.  And Art Garfunkel is obsessed with growing old...which is charming  for a while but gets, pardon me, gets old.  They have better albums.  Any  of them.
0451169514|5.0|Having read all of King's books, I say with total confidence that this is the best book he has ever written.  Portraying 7 children we all wish we were, they battle evil and become fully fleshed out adults.  One thing you  can never say about a King novel - no cardboard characters here.  I was all  of them all at once while reading the novel.  And no one scares the  bejeesus out of you like Stephen does.  All hail the King!
B000002JS6|5.0|i really enjoyed the intense level of there music this song is my favorite it can be played loud and it sounds great. this song represents all that is good in rock music it really rocks
B00000JCB2|1.0|Even worst then there first effort, They are the warrant of the 90's. 5 years from now on vh1's where are they now? they will have the (c)rap rock section with korn, limp bizkit and all them
B000002VMD|5.0|Songs are indeed great. Totally impressed by Whitney's voice
B000002KON|5.0|so let me just say that it's Ray at his finest, and that's saying A LOT. From &quot;Victoria,&quot; which has got to be the greatest non-hit single any band has ever produced, to my personal favorite &quot;Nothin' To  Say,&quot; this album is not only a classic by Kinks standards (and let me  tell you again, that's saying A LOT) but it's a classic by any standards.  Lennon and McCartney only wished that they could write this well.
0152438181|5.0|This book was one of my favorites as a child...it is surreal, sweet, and teaches a valuable lesson on love.  The story of lost and rediscovered love is one of the  most pure and true things ever written.<br />In this, the  French (original) language version, that purity seems even more clear.  It  was one of my first &quot;real books&quot; to translate as a young student  of French, but it holds up to me as an adult, in both  languages.<br />Illustrated with lovely and simple pictures of the Prince and  his rose, this French language book is a must for Francophones of all ages.  The English translation edition is a must for everyone else!
6301543408|4.0|. . .But is an interesting movie. Sure the plot is almost laughable. But how else could we get to the best Star Trek (The Undiscovered Country). There are definitely flaws in this movie. Such as when Kirk, Spock, and  McCoy jet blasted to the top of the Enterprise, which the decks are going  in the worng order.  But its still Trek fun! The trace of bad special  effects are when the klingon ship destroyed &quot;god&quot; with a photon  torpedo. And how can you kill god with a photon torpedo? Shatners  personality are written all over this film. Evidence of this are the blue  painted horses which Shatner has a fond of. Can you picture Kirk on a  horse? Scary!  But the reason why I give four stars to this movie is the  terrific, most underrated score to the film. Jerry Goldsmith has created a  masterpiece to the film. I'm glad that the budget of the film wasn't cut  from the music. <br />The other reason why I liked this movie is the  Enterprise Bridge. Why they changed it in VI is questionable. <br />All in  out, this film is absolutely more enjoyabe than The Avengers movie. That  film was an embarassment of the film industry.
6300274268|5.0|I highly recommend this to anyoen who loves Disney Animation and also for those who love fantasy/fiction films. Its a BRILLIANT adaptation of Lewis Carrol's 'Alice's Adventures in Wonderland' and 'Through the Looking  Glass'.....infcat, I liked this BETTER than Lewis Carrol's books. Its  fast-paced, the characters are SOOOO funny, specially the Queen of  Hearts....Alice makes a VERY inetresting heroine, and even though the  critics may not aprove the songs, I really enjoy listening to them. IMO,  this is MUCH better than recent Disney films like 'Hercules' 'Mulan' and  'Tarzan'. A MUST for all Disney fans and Lewis Carrol fans.... I first  watched it when I was about one and a half years old, and now I've been  hooked onto it  ever since. This is ONE Disney animated classic which I  will NEVER EVER get tired of watching.....even if I keep watching it  non-stop....The script is TERRIFIC, teh scenes are hillarious and so are  everything else.....
B0000399WI|5.0|In my humble opinion, The Shawshank Redemption is simply the best film ever. It combines humor, pathos and hope in an unforgettable visual style.<br />The extremely high level of writing and acting combined with the  obvious chemistry between Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman make The Shawshank  Redemption a timeless classic.
B00001QEE2|3.0|Disney can most certainly do beter than this. True, I DID like it to some extent...and giving creift where its due, it WAS good, but Disney could have done better than this!
B0000024Z7|5.0|This is one of, if not the best Santana CDs I have ever heard. It has some of the best guitar playing ever on it.  I love the songs like &quot;Time To See The Sun&quot;.  If you like Santana, you HAVE to get this CD.  It's  only like nine or ten bucks anyway.
0788812408|5.0|The Little Mermaid is one of Walt Disney's BEST animated films ever...if not THEE best! The songs are TERRIFIC, the characters are SUPER and the all the scenes, and the plot-lines and everything else is FANTASTIC too. A true  Disney masterpiece!  It doesnt matter whtehr you buy it on DVD or VHS  as long as you SEE IT! Its much, much, much better than Hans Christian  Anderson's version of the 'Little Mermaid'......I've loved it since I was a  little boy, and I will enver ever get tired of watching it, even if I have  to watch it non-stop.....If you like this, I also recommend 'Ariel's  Undersea Adventures' series, which is even better.....
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie dropped my jaw to the floor!  I loved its dark humor, its razor sharp dialogue and voice over, and its slicing imagery.  Definately fresh and original.  With the exception of the fascist orginazation determined to  bring down society as we know it I have to admit identifying with the  Edward Norton character and have asked many of the same questions about our  way of life that he did.  And might I add that the ending ranks with The  Usual Suspects and The Shawshank Redemtion for its unforseeable twist.   Much better than the so called suprise ending of the Sixth Sense.  After  seeing Fight Club all I could think about for days was owning a copy of  this on DVD and I am absolutely thrilled to see that Fox is offering such a  well deserved menu of features. I cant wait to hear David Fincher's  insights on his latest escursion into the unprecedented.  I'm always a fan  of deleted scenes and out takes.  This is what DVD is all about.  A great  movie and then some!  I cant wait to buy this one.
0790729725|5.0|This film is a real gem, and deserves to be in the top 10 movies of the 1990's, the cast is 'untouchable' and there is not a weak point I can find in the whole movie. Deserves to be in any serious collectors hands,  although I would recommend to anyone who likes the &quot;Godfather -  esque&quot; movies.
B00000K19E|5.0|I have seen this movie over four times and I absolutely think it is one of the best movies ever made. Nothing compares to it. The special effects, sounds, and story are amazing. I am also a HUGE anime freak, so the  anime-inspired fighting rocks. This is the BEST sci-fi movie ever made.
B00001R3GI|3.0|Ummmm... okay, this is a good rock album, but Abbey Road it ain't. The God of Rock Albums? Not quite.
B00000AFFF|5.0|I don't know about the rest the Elvis Costello and Burt Bacharach fans out in cyberspace, but I cannot get enough of &quot;Painted From Memory&quot;. It's a breath of fresh air. Each track is haunting and melodious. Each  cresendo takes you on an emotional roller coaster ride and leaves you  gasping for air. It's mellow tones and striking lyrics shoots staight at  the heart of the listener and evokes memories of lost loves and heartbreaks  And, you find yourself identifying with what is being sung by Mr. Costello.  The more you listen, the more you become enwrapped and entwined in the  music, the more you'll want this CD for your collection.
6302000823|5.0|The more time that passes, the fonder I become of this movie.  I concur with those reviewers who have described it as one of the finest films ever made.  I first saw it with a friend on the large screen and was touched  beyond words.  This film has remained in my memory as one of the most  emotionally significant experiences of my adult life.  My friend has since  died, but I look back on that afternoon with great happiness because we  were able to share our mutual passion for Italian films and experience this  extraordinary story together.  The photography is lovely, the characters  memorable, the music heart-breaking, and the story life-affirming.  If you  haven't seen it, you are missing out on something truly wonderful.  E' un  capolavoro, un miracolo!
B00003A9QL|5.0|Like Queensryche's Operation: Mindcrime Metallica has taken the risk of allowing Michael Kamen to fiddle with their alright exceptional metal. This CD does not disppoint at all. I loved every track on the CD, and I love  what Kamen did with One. By adding the strings the way he did, Kamen  created another dimension to the song and created a greater feel of schism  and confusion. In a way, a song about the horrors of war became more  pronounced. New songs like No Leaf Clover is just as haunting and driving  as Unforgiven. Metallica took no risk in working with Kamen. Every band's  music must evolve and become versatile in order to survive the times. I  would love to see for Metallica's next CD, for the guys to do cover  versions of Bad Company's songs Bad Company and Feel Like Making Love
B000003S0K|4.0|As an avid Roxy Music fan I was drawn to Eno's LPs when he went solo, some 25+ years ago.  Listening to Here Come the Warm Jets made me realise where a good deal of the intricacies and electronics in Roxy's music came from.   The skill was all Eno's - and it is that skill that makes this CD such a  joy to listen to.  Not everyone's taste, I'd be the first to admit - you  either love it or hate it - there is no in between.  Personally...  well  need I say.
0385484518|5.0|I LOVE TUESDAYS!   this is such a great book!  i recomend this book to anyone who loves to be inspired--this book DEFINATELY inspired me to live me life completely different, and for the better!
B00000J7J4|5.0|I discovered Santana not long ago via the greatest hits CDs, and loved those.  Real music with a real latin style.  I thought those days were gone, when I found this gem in the store just after it was released.  All  it took was one listen and it has become one of my favorites.  The songs  that you haven't heard on the radio are better that what is played.  If  this were vinyl, it would have been worn out by now.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Alanis Morissette's artistic performance is moving.  She is able to convey emotion, a complex array of life's ups and downs, through her music like few performers would even dare try.  It seems as though she lets you see  her soul!<br />   Alanis' storytelling and vocal styles seem sincere and  genuine.  Even if you don't like her songs, it's hard not to respect her  work.  She is engaging, unique, and quite likeable.<br />   During her MTV  Unplugged session, Morisette seems weak one moment and strong the next.   She speaks her mind through her music and moves you.<br />   Despite her  demure presence Alanis has her audience so in-tune that they dare not  blink.<br />   Morissette is a master performer!
0385484518|5.0|With it's simplicity and directness, this book made me feel how life would be so rewarding and we wouldn't be afraid of death if we could see it through Morrie's eyes. It brought tears to my eyes, as well as smiles and  laughter because of Morrie's wit. What a blessing it is to have the kind of  relationship between Morrie and Mitch. I cannot wait to read it again. I  highly recommend this book.
0788811355|1.0|If you have the technology to play this thing backwards, go ahead and do it. It won't change your enjoyment (?) one bit.<br />As for the photography, if that's your thing, get a subscription to National Geographic -- your  money will be better spent.<br />This movie was boring and almost painful to  watch. I have no problem with the people who liked it, but I find it  absolutely mirthful that they believe we naysayers lack the complexity to  appreciate the &quot;layers&quot; of this story. Well, exc-u-u-u-u-se  me!<br />Look, you want to see a great movie about a great love story, try  &quot;Life is Beautiful.&quot;
B00000J7J4|5.0|Best CD I've heard in years. Great collaboration with the different artists.
B000002UAR|5.0|It can be difficult, I find, to find pop music that I am not ashamed to share with friends who are more interested in classical music, jazz, or other generally sophisticated studies. By nature, rock is for the average  Joe, and within its own realm there is plenty of greatness to go around,  but few bands that are able to shine both within and without the genre.  Enter the Beatles, whose music is resoloutely grounded in broad popular  appeal, yet remains so much more. They have taken the genre of the radio  pop song and somehow elevated it, through sheer creativity. Here we find a  willingness to experiment with studio sounds, songwriting form, the nature  of rock lyrics, and instrumentations that were largely unheard of in pop  music up until this time, and barely heard from since.  &quot;Revolver,&quot; along with  &quot;Sgt. Pepper,&quot; &quot;Magical  Mystery Tour,&quot; and the Beach Boys' &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; and  &quot;Smile&quot; projects, represent the apex of pop's potential. They  strive to be more than mere commercial records, though they are those too,  and become spiritual adventure rides of amazing variety and care. A song  like &quot;Yellow Submarine,&quot; catchy as all get out, made doubly fun  by the extremely resourceful creation of ocean sound effects in the studio  like old time radio, is followed by &quot;She Said, She Said,&quot; a  breathtaking piece of rock playing with curious rhythmic shifts and clear  ringing tones. This is but one example of how the Beatles were able to  juxtapose moods in a way that makes the entire album flawlessly lively,  unlike so many albums that sound the same from start to finish. Well, we  could go on. Let's just say that this is intelligent, beautifully made  stuff, and a great fulfilment of the possibilities of a recording studio.
B000021Y77|5.0|A fantastic, hip, and energized look at a young woman (Lola, of course) who must raise 100,000 DM in 20 minutes before her boyfriend Manni, who has to answer to a gangster about a large sum of money that he mistakenly left  on a train. Run Lola Run literally runs right from its MTV-inspired opening  credits, using a striking mixture of incredible lighting, quick editing,  and animation to give a unique feel to late 90s Berlin (it is also a  somewhat more optimistic picture of Berlin than the Berlin of Wim Wenders'  Wings of Desire, which the film alludes to in its opening moments). The  result is three different looks at what Lola's adventure might turn into.  Fantastic on every level, the direction is both quickly-paced (perhaps a  little too quick in parts) and yet never fails to involve the audience. All  of the characters emerge into full people through each \\"scenario.\\"  Incredible as it might sound, however, this film could have used some  tighter editing, notably in the (rather trite, it must be admitted) scenes  where we learn of Lola's father having an affair with a co-worker. I am  unsure of what this subplot brings to the film other than a few laughs. As  I said, the direction is tight and quick, but when the film slows, it slows  for a reason, revealing character. Lola's flaming red hair will help you  keep focused on her running when the camera segues to its aerial shots.
0792842723|5.0|absolutely positively one of the sexiest, intriguing, and heart pounding Bond films. Judi Dench as M and the same old Q guy give the cast experience, while Brosnan, the two chicks, and Alec Trevelyan make  Goldeneye a sexy, gripping, and suave thrill ride.
6305372411|5.0|This series does justice to the people who made the miraculous journey from the Earth to the Moon possible.  My favorite episode is #5, called &quot;Spider.&quot;  It tells a story that could have been brutally  boring...a bunch of nerdy engineers designing and building the Lunar  Module.  This little story will make you realize what a wonderfully human  endeavor the Apollo flights were.  Yes, yes, yes, you will laugh, you will  cry, and the characters will become a part of you!   Thank you Tom Hanks!
0792842723|5.0|absolutely positively one of the sexiest, intriguing, and heart pounding Bond films. Judi Dench as M and the same old Q guy give the cast experience, while Brosnan, the two chicks, and Alec Trevelyan make  Goldeneye a sexy, gripping, and suave thrill ride.
B000020617|5.0|Very well put together.  No swearing and no questionable lyrics.  I give it two thumbs up.  GREAT!
B00000IP2L|2.0|I'm sorry to say that this album falls far short of the devilish guitar playing that Zakk Wylde fans have grown to love.  The album starts off at a nice pace, but falters in the middle, and dies off slowly at the end.   &quot;Bored To Tears&quot; is a great song with excellent lyrics, but this  is not the case with the other songs.  &quot;Taz&quot; is a great solo on  the acoustic guitar, but this scarcely makes up for a weak structure  throughout the rest of the album.  I urge fans of metal not to buy this CD,  and I strongly advise fans of his days with Ozzy not to be suckered in by  this one like I was.  Wylde is a great guitarist, but I feel as though he  has produced a lemon with this album.  Hopefully, this won't be the case  when/if he decides to put out his next CD.
B000002HRE|5.0|Re-Load is the perfect follow up album to Load, I mean the albums almost flow together.  I think that involving the bass alot more on Re-Load has made it a popular album among Metallica fans.  Also who can dislike the  greatest Metallica song ever &quot;Fuel&quot;. Anyway buy the album it's  their best yet.
1573225517|4.0|A friend of mine gave me a copy of this book for Christmas. What a revelation! I had never heard anything about Nick Hornby but his book seemd to be describing me as if we had been close friends since childhood. The  way his narrator uses music to classify and understand life is something  not only myself but I'm sure countless others as well. The story is  thoroughly entertaining and anyone who is looking for an insight into the  middle aged man's mind need look no further. Fans of pop culture will laugh  (or at least knowingly smile) at the references to Cheers, Elvis Costello  and James Bond. Those people who are looking for simply a good tale will  find Rob's journey to relationship nirvana a rewarding and compelling trip  worth taking.
B000002HRE|5.0|Re-Load is the perfect follow up album to Load, I mean the albums almost flow together.  I think that involving the bass alot more on Re-Load has made it a popular album among Metallica fans.  Also who can dislike the  greatest Metallica song ever &quot;Fuel&quot;. Anyway buy the album it's  their best yet.
B000001FBI|5.0|From the upbeat rock and roll of &quot;All The Way&quot;, the Chuck Berry-esque reel of &quot;Let Me Go Rock and Roll&quot;, the funky groove of &quot;Watchin You&quot;, the strangely appealing &quot;Goin Blind&quot;,  to the heavy thump of &quot;Strange Ways&quot;, this CD shines as Kiss at  their best.  Ace Frehley's solo on &quot;Strange Ways&quot; makes this a  must-buy on its own.  Throughout, Ace's playing is at its melodic best.   And the riffs in &quot;Parasite&quot; and &quot;Hotter Than Hell&quot; are  worthy of all-time great status.  <br />As a guitarist, this is one of my  personal favorite best CDs ever to jam to, and as a music fan this is one  of the best rock albums of the 1970s.  It makes a great introduction to  classic Kiss for the uninitiated.  Buy it!
B00004THO3|1.0|Frankly, I can't understand all the hoopla concerning thisbook. It seems to me a very ordinary sort of romance plot and the book is not particularly well written either. It is a psychologically thin novel -- the author does not delve into why a happily married woman should throw herself so cheerfully into adultery, and why one cheap, trashy fling should be considered so life changing. There is no competent analysis as to what love really is and the pathos of lifelong separation between the lovers are neither believable nor sensible. The book stands for false emotions.<br />I draw a parallel between this book and Erich Segal's &quot;Love Story&quot; which was just as enormously popular, but which I find just as simplistic.  Why do they succeed while scores of others like them fall by the wayside, and so many better novels have to be pulped? One can only wonder at the mysterious element called &quot;luck.&quot;
B000001FFR|5.0|As a beginning guitarist is 1985, I looked to amazing players like Eddie Van Halen, Angus Young, Accept, Maiden and Priest for guidance.  However, when I heard &quot;Spreading the Disease&quot; and saw the band live, I  immediatley focused on Anthrax instead.<br />The rhythm guitar playing,  provided by Scott Ian, is brilliant... tight, loud, and moshing (this is,  after all, the band that invented moshing).  There are some very heavy  grooves here, as on &quot;Aftershock&quot;, &quot;A.I.R.&quot;, and  &quot;The Enemy&quot;.  If you've listened to S.O.D., you'll be familiar  with the kind of grooves I'm talking about.<br />One complaint you often see  about Anthrax is vocalist Joey Belladonna's &quot;singing&quot;... he often  comes across as a clown.  On later albums he sounds almost like he's  talking, not singing, and has a number of irritating vocal traits.   However, on this CD he puts in perhaps his best singing effort. (Note -  John Bush replaced Belladona for &quot;Sound of White Noise&quot;, as is a  much more talented singer).<br />While the production may seem a wee bit  dated, that's not much of a concern.  The strong songwriting and great  musicianship shine through regardless.  The solos provided by Dan Spitz  sometimes seem repetive, but are a perfect fit for the songs, as is the  bass playing.  And the great Charlie Benante's drumming is as fierce,  bombastic, and frenzied as you'll find on any Anthrax album.   A listen to  &quot;STD&quot; and the other 80's Anthrax albums is worth the time for  anyone with an ear for heavy guitar, metal or grooves.  If you want to hear  metal before Metallica took over the world, this is it.
044651652X|1.0|Frankly, I can't understand all the hoopla concerning this book. It seems to me a very ordinary sort of romance plot and the book is not particularly well written either. It is a psychologically thin novel -- the author does  not delve into why a happily married woman should throw herself so  cheerfully into adultery, and why one cheap, trashy fling should be  considered so life changing. There is no competent analysis as to what love  really is and the pathos of lifelong separation between the lovers are  neither believable nor sensible. The book stands for false emotions.<br />I  draw a parallel between this book and Erich Segal's &quot;Love Story&quot;  which was just as enormously popular, but which I find just as simplistic.  Why do they succeed while scores of others like them fall by the wayside,  and so many better novels have to be pulped? One can only wonder at the  mysterious element called &quot;luck.&quot;
068815333X|5.0|When reading Lehane it is easy to forget that it is genre fiction.  To loosely quote one of his jacket blurbs... &quot;Damn he writes beautiful sentences.&quot; Although some might argue, I think Lehane stands next to  some of the true artists of the written word simply on literary merit.  All  of this is not to mention that he has created some of the most compelling  characters in the mystery game today.  And, even better, he has brought  Boston back to life as a character unto itself.  Bravo -- keep it up!
006092988X|5.0|Many years ago, I was staying with my aunt and hunting for something to read.  She handed me this book and told me how much she had liked it.  I started it and time stood still----I was transported to Brooklyn and the  world of the characters---and I was very sad when the book ended and I had  to leave that world!  I wish this book had a sequel.  I've read it many  times since, with the same effect every time.  If you've never had a first  reading of this wonderful book, I envy you!  You are in for such a treat.
B00000273M|5.0|I read some of these reviews and I vehemently disagree.  Eternal Flame was awesome because it honesty and openly paint emotions typical of 80's music.  If I remember correctly, was voted number 2 song of the year on KC's Top  40.  Eternal Flame rocks and I am here to defend that!  I love Hazy Shade  of Winter too and all the rest but Eternal Flame does not suck.  If Eternal  Flame broke up the band, it was a just a misfortune that happens in life  but it has nothing to do with how fans should like or dislike the song.  I  have no question that this CD should be a valuable collection to any 80's  fan.
B000009QPQ|5.0|I consider this disc one of the ten that I would take to the proverbial desert island.  I am always in the mood for it.  I have yet to play it for anyone with ears who did not shortly ask me, &quot;Who IS this?&quot;.   <br />I find these reviews most helpful when the reviewer indicates some of  the music that he/she enjoys in general.  My tastes are fairly eclectic,  but to give you an idea of where I'm coming from, some of my bands/artists  of choice would include:  Grateful Dead, Counting Crows, Liz Phair, Buffalo  Tom, Oasis, Sublime, Barenaked Ladies, Sheryl Crow, Beatles, REM, Stones,  Belle &amp; Sebastian, Tom Waits, etc. etc.
0060977493|4.0|I originally read this novel a few years ago for a college course, but since that time I have re-read it twice and recommended it to several friends.<br />First off, a disclaimer: Don't read this book if you don't like  words.  Roy can be quite verbose at times.<br />Okay, now that we're past  that...<br />&quot;The God of Small Things&quot; is a lush, hypnotic journey  that is well worth taking.  This is a book to savor, ponder, and reference.   Roy tackles the tough issues as well as the trivial issues with great  style and soul.<br />A very visual and satisfying read.
B000031WD9|4.0|American Pie is an Animal House for the 90's!   It is funny enough to make your stomach sore, and has enough story to keep you interested.  You will see somebody who reminds you of someone you hated, loved, and made fun of.   One thing is for sure this DVD has lots of extras.  Get some friends  together and rent it....better still buy it, you want to watch it over and  over.
0385484518|4.0|My mother is one of those Oprah's Book Clubbers who always reads the latest top sellers and tries to force them on me, her lit student daughter, when she's through.  <br />Needless to say, I usually refuse.<br />For some  reason, however, I accepted her copy of &quot;Tuesdays With Morrie.&quot;   I'm not sure what prompted me to open the cover and give it a shot...but  for the next hour or so, I found myself completely absorbed in the  book.<br />Okay, so it's not the best writing.  And yeah, okay, it's sort of  cliche at times.  But it's sincere.  This book was created from a very real  place in the author's heart, and I've gotta give that some credit.<br />Oh,  alright...and I got a little weepy near the end.<br />Most of all, I  completely understood the book's mass-appeal factor.  This is a story for  everyone: young; old; educated; non-educated; white collar; blue  collar...it doesn't matter.  It's not a story about being something...it's  a story about just being.<br />This book isn't going to tell you anything you  haven't heard before, but it may make you listen with a different  perspective.  <br />And for what that's worth, I recommend it.
0613027825|5.0|This is one of my favorite books and one of the most insightful, unique, and enjoyable books that I've ever read. I have recommended it to many people, bought copies for several of them, and own two copies myself so  that I can lend out one. I recommend it VERY strongly to anyone who's  involved with designing Internet sites. Although it's not about that  subject directly, it has more wisdom about the design of sites than any Web  design book I've ever read or seen. Afterall, the Web is basically a 'page'  structure, with text and graphics, just like a comic. Also, you'll learn  more about art history from this book than you will from most art history  classes (I know, I went to art school...). And did I mention that it's  funny too!  -E
B000025RAY|5.0|Chinatown has been my favorite film since first seeing it seven years ago.  Over the years, my enjoyment has grown with each viewing.  The letterbox edition I recently purchased adds to the already outstanding production  quality with which I was previously aquainted.<br />This film succeeds on  every asthetic and entertainment level imaginable.  The mood,  characterizations, and pacing are outstanding.  The movie is an omage to a  gone, but not forgotten, film style, while the story and setting  simulateously pay homage to that lost era.  It stands as a hallmark of  modern filmmaking, unparallelled.<br />I keep wanting to write more and more  about this film I adore so much, but the highest praise cannot do justice  to this movie.  Not everyone will enjoy it.  The ending will alienate many  viewers.  Each moment draws you into the story, like a hypnotic trance, and  then the ending is as unnerving as anything ever put on celluloid.<br />I  encourage everyone to see several, &quot;mandatory&quot; films; Casablanca,  Citizen Kane, It's a Wonderful Life, The Apartment, Schindler's List, The  Seventh Seal.  This stands alongside, if not above, any of them.<br />Other  greats in this style are The Third Man, The Maltese Falcon, and The Big  Sleep.  The French Connection is a giant step down in quality, but decent.   It carries a similar style with similar themes and is from the same era,  the 70's.
B000000XB9|5.0|This album is an excellent example of what a one compact disc greatest hits album should be. With all the popular CCR songs in place this is a great album to buy for the casual fan or for someone making they're first  CCR compact disc purchase.  For rootsy rock music CCR is the band to look  to.  I can't wait to buy volumn two of Chronicle.
0767821629|4.0|One of at least three &quot;virtual reality&quot; movies that came out over the last year, and a better one, too. Although the ending was somewhat predictable and therefore a bit disappointing, overall still a lot better  story than, say, The Matrix. True, did not do as well as the latter at the  tills... I'd guess one issue is that you actually have to watch it all the  way through instead of drifting in/out without losing any content. This  movie also does not lose the story and turn into 'shoot 'em up' as The  Matrix does. The Matrix may have more spectacular digital effects, but  camera work is a lot better in The 13th Floor - check out the circa 1937  Wiltshire Blvd! The only reason I give this movie four stars (besides the  ending) is that I think that Dark City explores similar subject more  effectively.
B00000J7J4|4.0|This is the best Santana pop album ever, while albums such as Abraxas or Moonflower are much better they aren't straight up poppy Santana like Supernatural.  The poppy tracks such as Smooth, Maria Maria, and Love of My  Life are great, but the best tracks are the tracks that sound like the real  Santana, these tracks include Yaleo, Primavera, and Africa Bamba.  The only  two tracka I really didn't like was the rap with Lauryn Hill titled DO You  Like The Way and the Eagle Eye Cherry song Wishing It Was.  All in all the  album is about 2/3 pop, 1/3 original Santana sound.
B000031WD8|5.0|I had been looking forward to seeing thie movie for a long time, so when it finally came out in video stores, I was the first in line to rent it.  I was shocked.  I was totally expecting to be laughing hysterically the entire time and being ashamed of what I was laughing at, but this movie  turned out to be a wonderful coming of age story with a touching tale of  first love.  I actually cried.   Young men will love this movie, young  women will either love it or be totally offended by it, and older people  will probably cringe with disgust if they ever see it.  All qualities I  enjoy in a good teen flick.
B000000FG8|5.0|This is an awesome album that any fan of ska-punk will be able to listen to all the way through, every track on here is a classic.  Operation Ivy made ska-punk what it is today with the release of this very album.  Any  ska punk fan must add this one to their collection.
B000005ITX|5.0|Forever Changes became my favorite album the very first time I heard Alone Again Or when I was in High School.  Now more than ten years later it still affects me like no other music.  It's really too bad that this album hasn't  received more notoriety, but hey that's what Arthur Lee wanted.  He never  sold out!
B00000IGGA|5.0|&quot;Mule Variations&quot; is, simply, the most solid piece of work Tom Waits has released since &quot;Rain Dogs&quot;. That's not to say I didn't enjoy &quot;Frank's Wild Years&quot; and &quot;Bone Machine&quot;; they  both, however, only serve as sketches of the fleshed-out world Waits  presents us with here.<br />From the opening track 'Big in Japan' (a track  quite reminiscent of &quot;Bone Machine's&quot; 'Goin' Out West')to the  closing 'Come On Up to the House,' Waits is in rare form lyrically and  vocally. And he's even added a new twist to his repetoire on this album: a  DJ scratching in the background on several tracks, most notably the  beefed-up and funkified remix of 'Filipino Boxspring Hog.'<br />Waits covers  all of the various styles and influences that inform his music with  deftness on this album. He moves from the guitar-driven ballad ('Hold On')  through Blues-based quirkiness ('Cold Water' and 'Chocolate Jesus') to  quiet (?) piano crooning ('Picture in a Frame' and 'Take it with me when I  go')and never misses a beat or sings a line that seems untrue to what we've  come to love about Waits's gruff persona over the years. <br />His unique view  of the world and relationships is intact, and rings as true as ever on this  album. These lines, from 'Black Market Baby,' pretty much sum it all up:  &quot;My eyes say their prayers to her, sailors ring her bell / Like a moth  mistakes a lightbulb for the moon and goes to hell. . .&quot;<br />This album  is a &quot;must-buy&quot; for any Waits fan, and would make an excellent  introduction to his music for anybody still on your shopping list.
6302797535|5.0|This movie is one of my all-time favorites.  If you haven't seen it, or you are teetering there on the brink of buying it or not buying it, look at it this way...you may not be able to get this video forever, so do it now!   I have browsed this video for a while now, but I fear that (like the Sound  of Music) it will stop being printed and I will be up the proverbial creek.   For some reason, this film is less known that others, even though it is  one of the most clever and charming films of all time.  I saw this as a kid  and have loved it ever since.  You won't regret owning this film.  It is a  wonderful wonderful film.
B00000K19E|5.0|Saw the movie 4 times in the theatre, seeing new things all the time. Bought the DVD and that made me decide to buy a widescreen TV as well. This movie is probably the most entertaining movie I've seen sofar, and I've seen a gazilion. TIP: Also buy eXistenZ, same theme more cult, same fun.
B000002L68|5.0|I just finished my review on Prince's 1999, and while I'm at it I just wanted to tell you something. YOU AIN'T HEARD NOTHING YET!  Just like every other Prince fan I thought that on 1999 he had really outdone himself  and could not match the success and sound that endured from that album. Boy  was I and millions of others ever wrong. Let's just think back, for those  of you like myself who are old enough to remember, the first thing we all  heard after the aftermath of 1999 was this pulsating beat that came out of  this electrifying guitar opening that screamed with &quot;everybody if you  thought my last album was something, just listen to this&quot;. I was  completely blown away! My next question was, WHO IS THIS? And then I heard  that familiar voice, AND THAT SOUND!  All I can say was &quot; DON'T TELL  ME HE DID IT AGAIN, AND IN JUST A SHORT AMOUNT OF TIME. When 1999 was  released in 1984, before we knew it we were still being entranced by  MICHAEL JACKSON'S THRILLER. And not to be outdone, the purple one reigns  again. Both Purple Rain and the Movie itself were a great way to let us all  know that Prince was still in the house and he wasn't going anywhere  without reminding us of how truly gifted he is. If any of you can recall,  the movie came before the album, but the GREAT &quot;When Doves Cry&quot;  came before them both. I still remember buying that purple 45 (which I  still have, and is in plastic, and I refuse to play in fear of damaging it,  and also includes a monster of a relatively unknown hit, except to us  die-hard Prince fans, 17 DAYS on the flip side )and I couldn't wait to take  it home and listen to it. I also noticed that the 45 was a longer version  from what I heard on the radio, which was a real treat. And then I was  wondering, well when is the album coming. But then I heard about the movie  which was going to be released at some time or another. And when I finally  saw that about 4 times ( at that time), that's when I realized this guy is  definitely something special. The film was fantastic, but the album by far  was EVEN BETTER!  When Doves Cry is my favorite song on the album but let's  not forget the beautiful, BEAUTIFUL ONES, and there was also the 12 inch  version of Let's Go Crazy! There's also, Take Me With You, Darling Nikki,  Coumputer Blue and of course, PURPLE RAIN. OH YES, it wasn't in the movie  but the pulsating 12 inch version of EROTIC CITY! Man, what a time for  music. It felt so good to be alive at that time when the music, and I do  mean R&amp;B, Rock, Pop and maybe even some Country was truly magic. The  80's was the video age, but we must attribute the likes of Prince, Michael  Jackson, Madonna, WHAM and so on for what they contributed to all of us.  It's funny I sort of compare both Michael and Prince's albums Off The Wall  and 1999 to Thriller and Purple Rain. Where Off The Wall and 1999 were not  as commercial as Thriller and Purple Rain, I still beleive that the latter  of the two were still better landmark albums. I know some may disagree, but  that's cool, either way you can't lose with wanting to invest in great  music from any of those four albums. But getting back to Purple Rain, which  is what this message was initially about, if you don't own this album I  don't know what planet you've been on the last 16 years, but don't miss  purchasing this CD. Better late than never.
630512762X|5.0|This is the kind of role meant for John Travolta, not the kind he plays in moves such as civil action.Cage and Travolta both give in my opinion the finest performances of their careers.Full of intense action,superb  acting,surprise twists, and damn fully one-liners, this is one movie well  worth watching. Well worth buying as the replay value is high.
B00000K3UR|5.0|I thought that Big Daddy was an excellent movie next to The Wedding Singer and Happy Gilmore.It was a little less better than those.  But it had good acting and an excellent dose of good ol' Adam Sandler's comedy. Way ta go  ADAM!
B000021Y77|5.0|Run Lola Run (Lola Rennt) is quite possibly the most unique and innovative movie I have ever seen. These qualities,however, don't always translate into a desireable end product. Happily in the case of this little gem the uniqueness is a breath of fresh air that you just have to see, fore no  review I could ever write would do this movie justice...it is that good!  Superb acting,superb filming and a fast paced story set to a pumping techno  soundtrack keeps you utmost attention and leaves you begging for more! This  movie is in german with your choice of english or french subtitles, but the  movie is so well done you won't even care it's not in english...buy this  dvd,fasten your seatbelts...and enjoy the ride!
B0000025T6|4.0|Of all the albums that the Boss has released, this is the most simple yet sophisticated work to date. Most tracks include only Bruce &amp; his guitar, but they don't need anything else. The songs are soulful and  resounding at the same time. If you're looking for catchy tunes, look  somewhere else. If you're looking for an album that provokes you in ways  you've never been, you have to try this. &quot;Johnny 99&quot; scares you  while &quot;Reason To Believe&quot; gives you hope. A must have for  Springsteen fans, and something worthy for those just looking for something  different.
6304458223|3.0|A nice film with a beautiful soubdtrack by Mark Isham. I wanted the DVD to have a CD quality copy of the audio (Sony never released the soundtrack). But no widescreen? Come on...
6305358613|5.0|Powerful acting, excellent cinematography and tremendous costumes. Although how much of it was &quot;Hollywoodised&quot; we will never know. I think I've watched this four times and STILL find things that I missed.  HEAPS better than Shakespeare in Love.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|All in all, this is the greatest collection of music I have ever heard. As a big John Williams fan, I've always wanted a CD collection that had all my favorite tunes on it. Not only does this album meat my expectations, it  excells far beyond any pre-conceived ideas I might have had. Any fan of  great music would appreciate the care that went into such a glorious piece  for your listening pleasure.
B000031XCR|5.0|This CD is really, really,... GREAT , WONDERFUL, FANTASTIC. It's the first (official) english compilation CD from the Canadian DIVA. As a bonus, you'll receive a few new songs like &quot;That's the way it is&quot; -  &quot;Live&quot;- &quot;The first time I ever saw your face&quot; -  &quot;All the way&quot; (= virtual duet with Frank Sinatra),... All her big  successes are also present: &quot;My heart will go on&quot; - &quot;Beauty  and the Beast&quot; - &quot;It's all coming back to me now&quot;. This CD  was a kind of special gift from Cline to her millions of fans before  retiring for a (short?) period. It's worth it so you know what to do: buy  it!
