B0063GORYU|5.0|Its spider so five stars for it being free and you only get ads when you start a new game.
B0063GORYU|5.0|This version of Spider Solitaire is simple, but challenging. I can enjoy playing anytime. I would recommend this game to anyone that loves solitaire.
B006GG1KOC|4.0|my 4 yr old loved this. finished all the boards in 20 min. The illustrations were bright and cheerful and sound effects were cute.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good nice game I enjoyed all of the games I reccomend it to anyone who likes to play mini games
B0054JZC6E|5.0|THIS GAME IS SSSOOO FUN!!! I LOVE IT!!! I HAVE TONS OF FRIENDS THAT HAVE IT AND THEY AFE JUST AS ADDICTED AS I AM!
B006C1DH92|5.0|More fun than the original Fruit Ninja.. especially when you play in BANDITO mode. Perfect game for the Kindle for grownups or kids.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I enjoy playing. this game, only had two days and find it hard to stop am sure I'll enjoy it even more as I learn all the verious ways to play.
0316017930|4.0|In Outliers, Malcolm Gladwell presents his case that personal success is not exclusively a matter of individual merit, but instead a result of special opportunities and other advantages. And how well one does is influenced to a great extent by where they were born, cultural behaviors, family history, and circumstances of their upbringing.<br /><br />The chapter on \\"The Ethnic Theory of Plane Crashes\\" is fascinating. Here Gladwell systematically presents the correlation between a country's plane crashes and it's culture's measurements on individualism, the tolerance of ambiguity, and attitudes towards hierarchy - known as the power distance index, or PDI. These paradigms are better known as Hofstedes dimensions. Countries with high PDI will usually have higher plane crash incidents. The United States has a low PDI ranking, and also has a very low rate of plane crashes.<br /><br />Despite reading Gladwell's logical explanation of why certain folks enjoy more success than others in terms of generation, class, culture, and circumstances - the book may still leave you with the feeling that it often requires a particularly special individual to combine their exceptional talent with tremendous effort to make the most of their opportunities - and enjoy a level of success that only a few amongst us achieve.
0452273331|3.0|I have just finished reading the book and I was confused most of the time. Some of the time I would wonder why Roark did not just go into a blinding rage and strike everyone who hated him. But I felt connected to him when he was put on trial. He spoke the truth and others lied to destroy his reputation. Dominique loves and hates him for reasons of her own that no one I know has been able to fathom. That just goes to show you, you can't ever trust women and their emotions. Keating, on the other hand, knew nothing about his profession, he knew only what other people have shown him and told him.     The book kept going between at least five different characters and they each had their own woes and blows, but Ayn Rand knew what she was doing when she wrote this book, she probably researched architecture and business, both the good side and the ugly side. She gives you an okay background on some of the \\"main\\" characters and an intricate web of past memories for others like Gail Wynand.  The obstacles of this book are society and their prejudice. They want to take over and swallow Roark whole, they never want to hear of him, even when it seems like his business is booming, they do not want to hear about him and his \\"ugly, atrocious designs.\\"     Good book, but I don't know if I would recommend it to my best friend.
B004EPZ06G|5.0|Have not gotten any complaints from current owners! I do not own the product since I gave it as a gift for christmas!
B006GG1KOC|2.0|This was to easy. It was way to short I wish it was more and harder. Didn't like this game at all.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Easy and fun. Anybody can play. Fairly mindless. Could be more challenging for real card players. Good for all ages and grades.
B006GG1KOC|5.0|My son said, &quot;I love it so much, I want to marry it.&quot; This is a very good little app.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its really really fun I just love it so much!!!!! It will keep you entertained for hours!!!!!!!! This game is lots of games all in one app. My favorite game is bouncer. get this app!!!!!
0156027321|2.0|I really thought this book would be interesting given the plot description.  However, after about Chapter 12, there is too much religious description and asides that don't add to the story.  If the religious stuff had been worked into the plot rather than having separate descriptive chapters, it would have moved the story along but the way it is written here is plodding and dull.  These chapters stop the story and we have to wait until the author is done philisophizing to come back to the narrative.
B003P9VZ0W|4.0|These wall decals were cute and the little girl who received them was very excited, but I found them at Bed Bath and Beyond about a week later for $9.99. This was a little upsetting since I usually find fantastic deals on Amazon.com. I think before you buy this you might want to check out other places where it could be cheaper. They're still super cute though!
B003XF1XOQ|2.0|I read The Hunger Games quickly and enjoyed the unusual premise of the book. I went through it quickly, on to the second book, and then to the third. I should have stopped at the first one. This last book was a struggle just to get through, and I was glad when it was finished. The characters all fell flat, the plot seemed weak, there was very little real connection between characters, and a pathetic conclusion. At the crescendo of the final battle the main character gets hit and passes out in pain? This just read like a two dimensional war story that simply dribbled out at the end.
B006GG1KOC|4.0|This game overall, isn't too bad.  There are two problems I have with it. 1) There are occasions which its impossible to see any difference between the pictures, and 2) There are occasions where there can be multiple answers, but takes a few tries to figure out which answer the game is looking for.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is the best game evergv gt tc yvyy hyc Uv Gb guy ghvh chg ht gcg y Yggdrasil tc  g g gv
B005K17RU0|5.0|nothing to be sorry about, it is free and gives awesome info. with many options and features. sweet. and it does not drain the battery, so even better!
B005COO1X6|4.0|I discovered to my dismay that it's only a short story, but it's an enjoyable one, and worth it for the price.  What I don't understand is that King has already done the evil car thing--done it a long time ago--so why do it again?  I know coming up with new ideas is tough, but the blatant rehash of an old and very well known idea detracts from the originality and mystery of the story.  The most notable thing about this story is the way King writes the kids: he has a gift for that, one that I don't see how he can maintain the older he gets.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|games are cheesy but fun and definitely kill time, but a lot of point are required to unlock some games.  Apply for a credit card to earn points is kinda sketchy.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|doesn't drain battery, and is very accurate.  and free! there is no reason why not to have it. we all will certainly need it.
B004UNX1LS|4.0|I am one of the first ones that noticed the web did not work for Vevo.com to view and listen to songs on the Fire and only a few videos would work. Most videos would start then go into buffering mode. With the Amazon Vevo application, now compatiable with the Fire, this seems to solve the problem and works well on my Fire. I wish to thank the Amazon crew for getting this application working so soon. I like to listen to the whole song on Vevo and then buy the song on Amazon as they only play 30 secs. on the mp3 selection. I found out on the mp3 store selection if you type in to search the song or artist first that Amazon usually has the selection to purchase, especially for older songs and albums. Selena Gomez looked good on the Vevo application I downloaded today for free.
B005K17RU0|5.0|the app is great and rely lets me check the weather whenever I want definately a great app. the only disadvantage is if your device only takes wifi
B006C1DH92|1.0|Once again, stripped down iOS version for the same price. I call BS!! Why would anyone want to pay for the same game, same price with less games and options. I hate Half Brick and all those like them to just half-ass Android. No everyone is a stupid sheep and ogles for inferior iCrap just because of it's name. Stop underwriting Android! If you make a game, make them equal.
B004I8WD6E|2.0|I ordered the AmazonBasics Protective case after reading a lot of reviews on different ones.  I'm satisfied with the case, but the screen protector that came with it is horrible.  I've already taken it off.  Do not order one, I recommend going to an apple store and purchasing theirs, they can put it on and if it bubbles they will replace it for free.  This AmazonBasics Screen Protector is absolutely worthless!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Bible is a MUST have. i enjoy it very much for it is Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth. we don't need to leave without it.
1594202842|2.0|Where's the two way rating system when you need one?<br /><br />On one hand this book was an absolutely absorbing look into a mind that was so fundamentally different from my own that it was hard not to get caught up. Perhaps I can take Mrs Chua at her word and accept that fact that she's a lot more self aware than she let's on. There certainly does seem to be some buried evidence pointing in that direction.<br /><br />On the other hand Mrs Chua is an every day, garden variety bully. She waxes philosophic about how music lessons were HER favorite time of the week, how much of HER time and money she put into her children's lives, how hard it was for HER to keep up her busy schedule. The half hearted revelation she makes towards the end of the book about how useless it is to force her child to do something she would forbid her to do professionally just for the prestige of having a child who has a special skill is only brought about when Lulu finally gets the upper hand and manages to shame her mother in public. Honestly I don't feel that this woman is very apologetic at all. I think she's a xenophobic, self absorbed, she devil who got up every morning and clapped her hands when she was able to get away with it, and wrote a totally self indulgent book to lull her daughters into accepting a false apology when it started to fail. Even after her big turn about she still uses words like \\"psychological warfare\\" when describing her newly adopted style of parenting. I honestly hope that these people have become social pariahs on campus.<br /><br />Here's a toast to poor Lulu, where ever she and her tennis racket may be!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its a surprisingly good app dds dds dds dds dds dds Sss Sse. d.  f f f r f f f
1613821395|5.0|A woman with a mustache, a poor art teacher, a teenage bride and an escaped patient from a lunatic asylum all combine forces in order to thwart the wicked deeds of a baronet and a diabolical Italian count. Interested yet? You should be.<br /><br />The blurb on the back of my copy tells me that TWiW hasn't been out of print for almost 150 years. After finishing this truly sensational bit of Victorian melodrama I believe it. And I think the reason why is this - Wilkie Collins knew women. Yes, this is one of those truly rare books that delvers when it comes to great feats of villainy, romance and adventure, but what ends up separating this from say, oh, Dracula, isn't it's language or story line (although both are satisfactorily handled), but rather the characters that people it's pages. I've long felt while reading a Victorian novel, that men of that age were either too obstinate or too stupid to write realistic female characters. Thankfully Collins is so bold.<br /><br />Highly recommended for all readers who are searching for that book to build a bridge in the classic divide between knowing a female character is great intellectually and knowing a female character is interesting emotionally.<br /><br />Finally I want to address some criticisms I've seen leveled against Marian's appearance. Namely the infamous mustache that seems to have so upset many a reader. Personally I love it. In making Marian so un-apologetically ugly in the face Collins has given her character a lot of freedom. The first view we have of her character is describes as one with a truly exceptional figure who's waist was \\"undeformed by stays\\", the very symbol of the era in which the book takes place and of female oppression in general. Naomi Wolf talked about it, Wilkie Collins puts it into action. By showing us an ugly woman running around and accomplishing great feats of both mental and emotional strength he is reminding us that ugly woman are often granted a certain amount of freedom in our society because we ignore them. Then, as now, they are essentially shepherded into the same category as prepubescent girls and post menopausal women - undesirable and therefore undetectable. Personally if this is what the symbol of freedom must be for women, then I embrace her lip hairs with passion.Then, as now, they are essentially shepherded into the same category as prepubescent girls and post menopausal women - undesirable and therefore undetectable. Personally if this is what the symbol of freedom must be for women, then I embrace her lip hairs with passion.
B0058VW36U|5.0|This is the best game for Android. It's tough, but not cheap. The levels are short sooooo you can play for 1 minute, but it's addicting so you can play for hours. They've even added levels since I bought it, the new levels were free. It even saves your progress so you don't have to back up anything if you get a new phone, or a new cyanogen comes out.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|best Bible app ive found.  love the built in reading plans. no data connection needed for translations downloaded to your device
B001KDQ4KQ|5.0|i have never been one to get emotional or cry. but this book... WOW!   you could feel the love this young couple had. the pain that causes emily to want to end her young life. the grief both parents felt, having a daughter dead/or a son in prison.   this book was amazingggg!
B005Y423ZC|5.0|I LOVE ADELE in the first place, so i was really excited about this DVD and hoped it was everything I expected it to be. AND IT WAS!!! :) To those die hard Adele fans it will exceed your expectations she is SOOO GOOD! She is ridiculous Love her! Enjoy to those who bought it!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|real fun to play while killing some time.  some games you have to play for a while to beat them . really fun
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good app. but takes a lot of time to play which is very annoying. I wish all were unlocked in the beginning
B001TZQITM|4.0|Bag is as advertised yet I wish they would have put some dimensions on this items product description.  Just purchased a new Sony XR500V camcorder and with the extended battery it cannot even lay flat on the bottom.  Total distance is 6.5 INCHES.  Plenty of side zippered pockets with NO depth so I don't know what type of camera accessory these are designed for as at best they could each hold a couple dollars folded over.  I'll find a use for this, but immediately ordered the \\"LARGE\\" for 2x so I hope it works out better.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Now I can get access to my lab pc during class, which improve my ipad and my moto atrix 4g into a windows 7 desktop. Plus I can use the academic resources at home since the Internet access is available.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|This app is total junk. I don't believe for a second that there are 2000 people that actually gave this 4 or 5 stars. Don't waist a second of your life downloading or playing this. Full of adds and attempts to get your money. Junk, junk and junk!
0525478817|5.0|If this was on Twitter I'd say: #NoSpoilersHere  This book quickly became one of my favorites. It has a sense of realism in the way the characters are portrayed that many movies, much less books, achieve. The main character, Hazel Grace Lancaster, battles her lung disease in a way that seems a bit like someone I know in real life, albeit with a bit more attitude.  The one part I really like is that both before and after the story John Green states that it is a work of fiction. It helps you realize that you can hate certain characters without having to feel guilty about hating them and that you can love certain characters and imagine what life would be like for them if things were different. Green's slightly sarcastic attitude that's evident in his videos comes through in this book.  I've said it before, about this and other stuff, if it doesn't make you at least want to cry, you might not have a pulse, but the story isn't completely depressing, it has its fun moments as well as its serious moments. The book does remind us that \\"pain deserves to be felt.\\"
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i think that this game is one of a kind and totally cool. I love how the games are all simplistic yet challenging
0385751532|5.0|My SIL lent me this book, and I had no idea what it was about (heard of the title, but that was it). I read it in two hour-long sittings. Then I came here and read a few reviews. First, for those who didn't like the book because it seemed the boy was too naive, Bruno was a sheltered nine-year-old with a tutor. When the family left Berlin to move to Auschwitz, he found himself in a desolate area across from the \\"camp.\\" There were no other children to interact with (except Shmuel who was on the other side of the fence), his sister considered him to be a baby, his father was preoccupied as was his mother. When Shmuel tried to tell Bruno a little of what he was experiencing, Bruno would cut him off, as if he didn't want to hear it, was afraid maybe. After all, he was only nine.<br /><br />As the author says, the book is a fable, meaning he wrote it more to teach a lesson about race and creed and friendship than about the horrors of what Auschwitz was. The horrors are there, only the author has the reader filling in those blanks him or herself. And the author does this well. I don't consider this a children's book as much as I believe it's for those who are mature enough to see beyond what the author writes.<br /><br />I had to revisit the ending, as it was powerful without hitting the reader over the head. There are many many excellent books about the horrors of extermination camps, and this is one of them, but told in a completely unique way.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|pretty fun but some of the games are pretty frustrating. lots of choices of games to pick from though and it was free so I guess I can't complain
0525478817|4.0|Brief summary and review, no spoilers:<br /><br />In this story we are introduced to our two main protagonists - Hazel who is 17 and has metastasized  thyroid cancer, and Augustus, a strapping and handsome 16 year old with osteosarcoma.  They meet at a cancer support group, where Hazel tells us there's a \\"rotating cast of characters', many often gone because they died.  Hazels diagnosis is the most dire and she is really just being kept alive by a new experimental drug that seems to keep the tumors in control, although it is not believed for much longer. Augustus has the type of cancer where the odds are good -  over 4 our of 5 survive - but he has lost a leg to the cancer and can no longer partake in the sports he loved.<br /><br />Add in to the mix a young man named Isaac, who is a skinny young blonde who introduced them both. Isaac has already lost one eye, and has no choice but to have his good eye removed in order to free himself of his own cancer. His trying to deal with that along with the angst of teen love is truly touching and sad.<br /><br />Hazel has read a novel called An Imperial Affliction by a Dutch author named Peter Van Houten which details the experiences and death of a young girl named Anna, who has died of leukemia. It is Hazel's favorite book and but she has a lot of questions about the ending of the story which ends abruptly - and Hazel wants to know what happens to the other characters she has grown to care about. She gets Augustus interested in this as well, and part of the story is their attempt to find out what happened.<br /><br />This is a really beautiful book in many ways. It's most obviously poignant and deeply moving as we empathize as best we can with what it must be like to be so young and face such \\"unfairness.\\" These kids can't be regular teenagers as desperate as they want to be, and they have thoughts and expectations that are continually molded by their predicament.<br /><br />The book is a very fast read and you will not want to put it down. The characters are both so likable and there is not a wasted word. You are really brought inside their world.<br /><br />In critique, and the only thing that stops me from giving this 5 stars, is that I had some problems with the dialogue which I thought was stilted. I just don't think teenagers - even these ones - would talk like that. This really didn't bother me as much because their dialogue and discussions are so sweet and profound that it made the story quite rich - but it did occasionally keep from totally buying into it.<br /><br />Recommended - you will really appreciate your own blessings and good health after reading this interesting story.e and there is not a wasted word. You are really brought inside their world.  In critique, and the only thing that stops me from giving this 5 stars, is that I had some problems with the dialogue which I thought was stilted. I just don't think teenagers - even these ones - would talk like that. This really didn't bother me as much because their dialogue and discussions are so sweet and profound that it made the story quite rich - but it did occasionally keep from totally buying into it.   Recommended - you will really appreciate your own blessings and good health after reading this interesting story.
B006GG1KOC|5.0|Pretty good game for getting it free. Some of the choices are kind of strange though. I would recommend this app to a friend.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|awesome game! great way to kill time or have fun! some rather difficult levels that'll keep you at it for a while and some easy ones that you'll keep playing after you've beat them!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|read above! cant really put into words all of the games available...very good game for a free app! lots and lots of variety!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I have installed this app on my iphone, Ipad, and on my kindle fire. I daily do the reading plans and share passages with family.  This app is an awesome gateway to reading, enjoying, and sharing God's word.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun game with alot of mini games in it. overall an awesome game. a lot of fun classic arcade games.
B0031ES8P6|5.0|I bought this for my Hello Kitty Obsessed friend and she loves it! Carries it with her in her purse!
B005V2EVBQ|1.0|I thought for $29.00 I would be getting something of substance. When it came I was shocked to find a cheap piece of plastic that must have cost all of $.25 to produce.  I was very disappointed Amazon would put their name on something like this. Spend a few more dollars and get the leather case. That's what I am doing.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|In my opinion,this game is pretty awesome!It is a clever idea to have games that you can unlock because chances are,  it ensures you will play the game. The graphics are just &quot;okay&quot; and the controlls are a little sticy,but overall it is a great game! (worth buying!)
1407115561|5.0|Yet another beautiful book by this author. Great story and pictures, all our kids (6,4,2) love it and ask to read it almost every night.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is so cool ,challenging ,and funny I really do enjoy it very much. a very good game for bored people.
B004I744AS|5.0|l found this dictionary to be the best of several l tried, it is very detailed,informative and entertaining. and for free. !
0439023521|5.0|I decided to read this book after several of my friends recommended it. I absolutely loved it and could not put it down. It is well written with plenty of detail and character background and development. I've read fictional futuristic books before, like 1984, but nothing as exciting as this! It blends a semi-violent, shoot-em-up style for the male readers with a romantic style for girls like me. So, stop reading reviews and do yourself a favor and start reading this book!
1612130283|4.0|As an adult woman who loves romantic comedies right alongside dramatic plots, this book pulled me into a world of adventure and gave me a sexual awakening!<br /><br />Within the opening chapter I found myself chuckling, nodding, and relating to the main character.  I saw so much of my younger self in her, especially her innocence.  I found myself reminiscing about the feeling of \\"crushing\\" on someone out of my \\"world\\" in junior high and high school.  Then I called to mind some of my favorite comfort, girlie films like Pretty Woman.<br /><br />And then I entered the first \\"scenes\\" of this adult-themed read.  Not realizing it was \\"that\\" type of book, I found myself blushing and wondering if anyone else knew \\"what\\" I was reading (granted, I was in my own home with my hubby fast asleep and my four-legged, furry children all nestled up beside me).  I remember telling myself throughout the read, \\"You're an adult woman.  You're allowed to read this.\\" -- This was my first ever erotic read.<br /><br />And after getting a bit hot and bothered by the steamy scenes, I awakened to the realization pleasure is not a sin and seeking pleasure is not an act of damnation.  It encouraged me to open my eyes to all the glories of being a woman and embracing my sexuality.  To think, after 30+ years of living, I'm finally finding my inner goddess and giving life to the woman inside me.<br /><br />Overall, this book has comedy, romance, engaging characters (primary and secondary), witty email communications (be sure to read ALL the signatures of the messages), and a sprinkling of some very erotic goodness all wrapped in a gift box for your inner goddess.<br /><br />A Tip: This book contains adult erotic themes including BDSM.  As a survivor of childhood physical and sexual abuse, there were some scenes which were challenging to read.  I'm am relieved the scenes were written with the safety and welfare of the characters coming to the forefront.  Some were challenging, but taking the scenes one moment at a time and knowing the characters were consenting adults each acting in pleasure rather than in abuse made the story very enjoyable.e consenting adults each acting in pleasure rather than in abuse made the story very enjoyable.
B0055QYKQO|5.0|I got this motherboard and a FX 4100 CPU as part of the AMD Battlefield 3 promotion. I usually buy ASUS motherboards for the features and quality but I couldn't pass up this motherboard for the price. Latest AMD chipset, USB 3.0, SATA 6.0, and support for the new AM3+ CPU's were the selling points for me. I do not have the time for overclocking any more but this motherboard seems to support a lot of settings to assist with performance tweaking, including a Windows app for tuning bios settings and dual bios to quickly recover from failed boots. I am using this motherboard in a HTPC setup and it works great in that capacity. I did have issues with putting the system to sleep and engaged Gigabyte support. They answered my questions daily and while they didn't solve my problem I was impressed with the interaction (I deal with software support professionally). It ended up I couldn't wake up the system from hibernate(S1) without a UPS restart but after I disable hybrid sleep mode in the W7 power profile I had a seperate option for sleep(S3) and that works fine(also needed to enable magic packet wakeup only on the LAN device to keep the system asleep). If you can it get it on sale it is a great value buy.
B000P0J0B0|2.0|Disappointing. Oliver stone ruined this movie. Classic Tarantino story line but without his direction and overall vision. Wasted genius when Ms Lewis' character recollects about her father and the viewers find themselves lost in a corny 1970's sitcom. The murder scenes lacked weight, after the scene you were left wanting more but you never got more, you got less and less. The murders were focused on the murderers, instead of the people being murdered. This took the emotion and the pain away from the victim and put the spotlight straight on Ms Lewis and Mr. Harrelson. I would not recommend this movie to anyone, unless you want to see a movie come miles short of its great potential.
0525478817|5.0|It would be so easy to give this book a five-star rating that had no meaning.  John Green is a very interesting man who, outside of this specific novel, does wonderful things to teach, entertain, and decrease world suck.  I will admit I was very tempted myself to give his most recent novel, A Fault in Our Stars, a five-star rating because of this, because he deserves it.  He went to great lengths to make sure that each of his readers had an untainted reading experience, which I appreciate and really did improve the experience of reading it for the first time.  \\"But,\\" you think to yourself, \\"you did give the book a five-star rating.\\"  Indeed I have given the rating the book alone deserves.  This book has absolutely outdone all of the, admittedly high, expectations I had.  I don't want to go into detail about the specific things I loved about The Fault in Our Stars because it seems almost too personal to share in a book review.  The things I've taken away from this book are the sort of quite lessons and insight that you carry with you and talk about to your close friends deep in the night.  The Fault in Our Stars is not a tear-jerker in that it manipulates your emotions to find purpose, but it brings tears to your eyes for the sheer beauty, ugliness, pain, joy, unfairness, triumphs, and pitfalls.  I spent most of the time reading this book in tears, I think tears of mourning lives left unlived and the great injustice disease is.  I feel that until now I did not understand, outside being aware of the abstract idea of it, that another person's existence is as real as mine.  John Green has done me the great favor of making this important fact vivid and real to me.  I cannot recommend this book enough.  It is absolutely wonderful and I thank John Green, Esther Earl, and all of the individuals who came to have some influence on The Fault in Our Stars' success.  Not a monetary success or in fame for the author, although those are sure to come, but a success at being real, being loved, and teaching me to be a better person.
B0057MFA42|2.0|First time reviewer, that should tell you everything you need to know...Wow, I had read the reviews and was hoping the sound glitch problem had been fixed. It has not!!  Received my pre-ordered Blu-Ray disc.  The people who manufactured this Blu-Ray should be embarrassed.  Bottom line is now I have to order the DVD.  The picture,sound and quality are amazing, especially compared to the VH1 special I recorded of this concert.  But dont make the same mistake I did, purchase the DVD and not the Blu-Ray.  Just trust me (and the other reviews that mention this, it cant be stressed enough)...
B005HSG3U6|1.0|The flap that's supposed to hold the Fire up at an angle does not really fit the slot on the back of the MicroShell Folio. It's supposed to hold it tilted up like an iPad but the flap instantly falls out of the slot when the Kindle is even slightly touched, slamming the Fire down on the table. (And potentially damaging it?) The thing does fit the tablet nicely for protection but that's not what I bought it for; really. Save your money and find something else to prop your toy up.
B005SZNZAY|5.0|Besides his solo albums, Chris Cornell was the lead singer of TEMPLE OF THE DOG, SOUNDGARDEN and AUDIOSLAVE. He is probably one of the greatest rock singer from the 90's and 2000's. If you never heard of him or his former bands you should give them a try....really good rock music!!...<br /><br />This compilation of songs covers pretty much all of his biggest hits in career, Chris is revisiting songs from all his previous bands + his greatest hits as a solo artists as well, which makes the album very interesting for all the fans of these bands...songs like: CALL ME A DOG, FELL ON BLACK DAYS, ALL NIGHT THING, DOESNT REMIND ME, BLACK HOLE SUN, and a wonderful version of IMAGINE by John Lennon. There is also a new unreleased song called \\" The Keeper\\" which ends the album just  perfectly!!!.<br /><br />The sound quality is also very good and we can clearly hear every note and every words on the album. I think Chris had a really good time making this...it was a return to form (or kind of...). I was a bit disappointed when i heard the SCREAM album; seing him smashing his guitar like that and go for electronic beats with timbaland was not that exciting for me.....but hey......i bought it anyway and the more i listen to it .... the more i realise that the scream album had some good moments. My only regrets for this new Live album is that they should've added the HUNGER STRIKE song on it...that is one of  the best vocal performance chris ever did.....for anyone interested in Chris Cornell....i would highly recommend  getting the TEMPLE OF THE DOG album.<br /><br />ENJOY!!!!
1400031524|5.0|Chief Inspector Kurt Wallander leaves the comforts of his home turf in this second entry in this stellar series. Two bullett-riddled corpses in a life raft wash up on the coast near Ystad, and it soon becomes clear to Wallander's team that they are not Swedes. Latvian seems to be their nationality, and a detective from that country, Major Liepa, is sent in to consult. Kurt and his guys are relieved (who wants to tangle with the Russian Mafia?) when Liepa takes full responsibility, returning to Latvia to continue the investigation. In a stunning development, Liepa himself is murdered on the same day he arrives home, and now it's Wallander who is assigned to consult in Riga.<br /><br />Wallander is a talented detective and a good man, but in the strange new world of post-Soviet Latvia, he's out of his element and overwhelmed. Soon he realizes that he's being followed 24 hours a day (by some of the Dogs of the title), and from what the Latvian police have shared with him, Kurt senses that something is terribly wrong with their story, and it scares him. But he liked Major Liepa, and when he meets his widow, Baiba, Kurt grows determined to find and expose the truth. What unfolds is a tale of the grimness of life in the Eastern Bloc, where the freedom that was promised by the demise of the Soviet Union has not been permitted to blossom.<br /><br />The Dogs of Riga is part police procedural, part spy novel, and part social commentary. Henning Mankell usually writes around a theme, and in addition to Wallander's loneliness and chronic angst (makes one wonder why his doctor never suggested a good antidepressant), the grim forces of totalitarianism, organized crime, and government and political corruption, toward which Western Europeans and Americans prefer to turn a blind eye, color every facet of this gray, gray novel. Even Wallander's attraction to Baiba Liepa is fraught with complications that would never be a problem had they met back in Sweden. It is the social commentary that makes this novel so compelling. Dogs was originally published in 1991, only translated into English four years later, but there is little reason to suspect that life in Eastern Europe has improved any. Mankell has done a superlative job in bringing this matter to the attention of his readers. That is not to say that Dogs is nothing more than a dull political diatribe; on the contrary, it's a first rate thriller in every sense of the word.ovel so compelling. Dogs was originally published in 1991, only translated into English four years later, but there is little reason to suspect that life in Eastern Europe has improved any. Mankell has done a superlative job in bringing this matter to the attention of his readers. That is not to say that Dogs is nothing more than a dull political diatribe; on the contrary, it's a first rate thriller in every sense of the word.
B0068RHGJM|5.0|I acquired Nightwish's latest album-Imaginaerum-from an mp3 site. All legal as far as I know. Well, since posting a review gets you free tracks, I decided to write a track-by-track analysis, only to find that it was too long for their form!  I put a LOT of work into that review and I don't want it to go to waste! So for those of you here who enjoy Nightwish, I have posted my review below. Enjoy!  The latest album from Nightwish-Imaginaerum-contains a great deal more experimentation than any of their previous albums. We see them do things that they have never in their history done before but is this a good thing or a bad thing? Find out below in my track-by-track analysis!  Taikatalvi: This is the first song on a Nightwish album that functions as an intro. It opens with the sound of a music box winding up and then gentle chimes. Soon after, Marco appears singing softly in Finnish. The song gradually swells into a very pretty orchestral section and then segues right into Storytime.   Storytime: Storytime is perhaps the catchiest number on the album. It opens with some brief vocals and then Tuomas's keyboards begin. The keyboards don't last long however. They are quickly replaced by a stunning blend of pounding percussion, and crunching guitars with the big, bold, and bombastic orchestrations of Pip Williams woven throughout. Later on, the song transitions into a thrilling timpani drum segment which leads into an absolutely beautiful section of choir and orchestra almost completely devoid of any electric guitars. It ends very much as it began; with a breathtaking fusion of guitars, drums, and symphony. Storytime is one of the best songs we have seen from Nightwish in a long time.   Ghost River: Ghost River is one of the darker, heavier pieces on the album and is described by Tuomas as a duel between Satan and Mother Gaia. The symphonic presence in this piece is huge, loud, and bold and Annette and Marco blend very well in a chorus which radiates a haunting and twistedkind of beauty. The song is grandiose and disturbing; another Nightwish hit.   Slow Love, Slow: This is one of the experimental pieces on the album. It is very much a jazz piece complete with jazz rhythms and muted trumpets. There are some soft electric guitars to remind us that this is in fact a metal album. Annette shows a side of her vocal abilities we have never seen before. She sings in a slow and sultry manner and there is actually some vibrato in her voice. It is definitely different and a refreshing change from their typical stuff.   I Want My Tears Back: This song is where Troy shines on the uillean pipes. It has a strong Celtic feel to it and a catchy chorus. Once again it is a duet between Annette and Marco with very good results.   Scaretale: The song opens with some suspenseful orchestra and then gives way to a children's choir singing a soft nursery rhyme. The rhyme leads into some wordless choir work and then the orchestra once again comes to the fore in the most thrilling and awesome orchestral section Tuomas has composed yet. The orchestra gradually gives way to the more hard rock sound we have become accustomed to hearing from Nightwish. Annette pulls off some deliciously Evil sounding vocals as she sings about the kinds of things we would see in childhood nightmares. It doesn't last long though. Soon enough, the orchestra takes over again as Marco uses his voice in an entirely new way. He takes on the roll of an announcer welcoming us to a demented circus show. It is wonderfully effective. Following Marco's segment, the song transitions into a segment which sounds for all of the world like it was pulled straight out of a Tim Burton movie. After the Danny Elfman segment, there is a reprise of the initial orchestral section albeit with more guitars and drums. After the reprise, we return to the hard rock sound and Annette's singing about nightmarish things before the song closes out with dissonant orchestra and circus pipes.   Arabesque: A beautifulorchestral number with no lyrics, electric guitars, or brazen percussion. As the title suggests, the song has a distinct Arabian flair to it. Ethnic instruments and tribal drums abound here.   Turn Loose The Mermaids: A song about a dying loved one about to end his journey. The instruments are simple and beautiful and Annette brings some wonderful emotion to the lyrics.   Rest Calm: The best analogy I have for this song is a Warhead candy. A hard and sour outside with a soft sweet center. The intro features electric guitars and percussion and the chorus is comprised of acoustic guitars, mild percussion, and the singing of Annette and Marco. An interesting song.   The Crow, the Owl, and the Dove: here we have a ballad like piece. Annette and Marco once again share the honors in a mellow, beautiful piece about longing for innocence.   Last Ride of the Day: without a doubt, this is one of my favorites! Most of the singing is done by Annette with Marco serving as backup mostly. Musically, this song has it all. Thrilling choirs, loud percussion, bold orchestra, crunching guitars, and a dash of wonderful keyboard work by Tuomas. To top it all off, the melody is simply extraordinary! Classic Nightwish.   Song of myself: For me, this is where the album falls rather flat. This song is supposed to be the epic piece of the album. The beginning part is nice to listen to, but the last six minutes or so are nothing but spoken poetry! The musical backdrop to the poetry is very pretty though and the song does very well as an instrumental piece. If you were expecting from this album something along the lines of Ghost Love Score, Beauty of the Beast, or The Poet and the Pendulum, you can forget it.   Imaginaerum: This piece was left entirely up to Pip Williams. Tuomas said to come up with a song that could be used in the end credits of the movie. What he ended up doing was taking the main melodies of all of the songs on the album and combining them into a medley which is purely orchestral. No drums, choir, guitar, keyboards etc. I grew up with film music and so for me, this song was the icing on the cake.   Overall, Imaginaerum is an extremely strong album from the premier symphonic metal band of our time. Tuomas and the gang continue to delight, amaze, and astound. Hopefully, it will only get better from here on out!
B000H6SXMY|5.0|Bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife. This is her all time favorite show. The box set is very nice and the DVD quality is great. You cannot beat the price for a show that ran for 10 years!
B005K17RU0|4.0|I love this app. I look at it every morning so that I know what I should wear for work so that I don't over heat in the Florida weather.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I have already seen this show when it first came on HBO and have been hooked ever since. I purchased this as a gift for a friend to get them hooked as well!
B0054JZC6E|1.0|To me, these games could be better... I think the way it's set up is kinda &quot;ghetto&quot;. The people who designed this need some help, also. I wish you didn't have to have a certain amount of points or coins or whatever to unlock the minigames. I think it should just be by the number of times you play the minigame.
B004RJMUJO|1.0|Loved the free version. Great time killer. So, I decided to spend $.99... assuming there would be more achievements to unlock. WRONG. Less to unlock. Plus my achievements didn't carry over to the paid version.  If the app gets an update Ill happily give 5 stars.
B0002XDODU|5.0|Ich wei&szlig; nie, was man in einem Rezensieren f&uuml;r ein CD sagen soll. Mir gefiel \\"Reise, Reise\\" sehr viel. Die Lieder sind ein bisschen dunkel, aber das ist Teil des Spa&szlig;es. Meine Deutsch ist nicht gut, und dieses CD hat mich geholfen.
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|Can't figure out why I need this app, but I like it. Fun rotation feature lets you scroll through the phases of the moon with your finger. Could be used as a conversion starter I suppose. \\"How'd you like that waning gibbous tonight?\\"
B005K17RU0|5.0|I love this AP. very useful when getting ready in the morning and I don't have time to wait for the weather man on TV.
B0060ZJ7BC|5.0|I hope people don't think this team was put together by statistics alone and they went out and got misfits to play.  January 1st at 12:01 they knocked on the door of former Catcher for the Boston Red Sox who was non-tendered and 12:01 was the 1st time they could sign him so obviously they feared other teams being interested, the point of signing him was to replace Giambi's, Damon's numbers...they replaced the OBP% almost but not the power, also don't forget Oakland had the studded rotation of Hudson, Mulder, Zito even a better trio than today's Halliday, Lee and Hamels...so this wasn't an improvished team that won 102 games based on misfits...true Bradford was a discovery but logical if you look at his stats, this was something overlooked or not trusted by the White Sox basically they sent him anticipating he wasn't good or would soon bomb but in actuality he never did bomb...believe me if you can put together a rotation like the 2002 A's had you can win high 90s low 100s in wins while having a middle of the pack offense...Justice made up for some of Giambi's power and more of the OBP%...also the A's were for the most part a good defensive team the Catcher turned 1st baseman actually superceded all expectations defensively and don't forget they had a gold calibar 1st baseman before trading him to Detroit in Carlos Pena...ultimately they lost to the Yankees because they didn't have the fire power offense in the playoffs but they didn't play that bad at all...this movie in a nutshell was really about belief in the system of numbers although if you can find players to fit the number system you have great players...eg finding pitchers with low whips, whips is a combo of hits, walks divided by innings pitched if you can find 10 pitchers with whips between 1.00 and 1.25 you'll win the division...same as OPS which is a combo of slugging average and on base percentage if you can find 9 starters with an average .800 OPS you'll score alot of runs...this was what the point wasto believe in the numbers...versus evaluating a player by what you see or what you think will become of him...to be honest the talents will be the hitters who wait for their pitch, the best pitchers are the one's most efficient, the one's who can throw the highest percentage of pitches for strikes, walk the least, yield the least hits...duh, no baserunners no runs can score...so the system makes incredible sense...prior ERA's was used to evaluate a pitchers worth and/or strikeouts, wins now the thinking has changed to a degree...oh yeah velocity was everything, still is by most organizations but not all of them...alot of what is used was used but put away and then brought back...it's a complicated game not so simple and everyone thinks that teams with the most money win which really isn't true, there's a decent amount of teams with high payrolls that have losing records each year and teams with relatively low payrolls that win alot of games eg Tampa Bay and in recent years Minnesota.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is great. different games to play is fun. its nice to have various games to play any where
B002MQYOFW|4.0|How do you act when you are in a game and you HAVE TO KILL FOR SURVIVAL? Once you are faced with a competitor you cannot AFFORD TO BE VULNERABLE OR HESITANT, SO YOU KILL OR DIE TRYING! This story was GRIPPING! There were times MY HEART BEAT ACCELERATED IN ANTICIPATION as each scenario played out.  If you have the stomach for this, then you should read and enjoy!
0143037757|5.0|\\"Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall!\\"  The twentieth century as I thought I knew it ended in 1989 after President Reagan proclaimed an end to the Cold War, an order which ultimately marked the unraveling and eventual downfall of Communism across Eastern Europe.<br /><br />Many Americans remember where they were on 9/11.  I was nineteen lounging in front of my parents' living room television when I witnessed east and West German youths using chisels and sledge hammers to gouge the iron flesh of the \\"Wall of Shame,\\" a physical barrier that had separated them for thirty years.  It was a monumental occasion but also surprising, considering that my generation had grown up accepting the unending conflict between Democracy and Communism, the \\"good guys\\" verses the \\"evil empire.\\"  How was one to explain such a transformative event?<br /><br />To answer this question, I turned to Professor Judt's Postwar: A History of Europe Since 1945.  It was on page 659 that I found an answer to my question: \\"Washington did not `bring down' Communism--Communism imploded of its own accord.\\"  The history that I had received in school had not meshed with what I had just read.  Was it not American muscle that had brought the Soviets to their proverbial knees?  My questioning of everything I had known about the twentieth century but especially Europe became a standard fixture as I worked my way through this text.<br /><br />Standing at a prodigious four sections, 24 chapters, an epilogue, and most importantly 831 pages, there are many themes to explore.  So many, in fact, that I would need a different writing venue in order to examine them properly.  One of the most important themes, however, is the one that I discovered after finding an answer to my question about the fall of Communism: the ease of collective forgetting and the obtuseness of remembering.  Europeans, according to Judt, have belatedly endorsed  official history following World War II as having been well intentioned and readily available to the public, but ultimately it was more fiction than fact.  Through this declaration, Judt does not suggest that his interpretation is the definitive retrospective; in fact, he contends that future scholarship will likely prove some of his details inaccurate.<br /><br />However, the evidence he provides, combined with an encyclopedic rendering of postwar Europe, along with his pristine historical credentials, is convincing.  His attacks are controversial bordering on scathing, but Judt is a fair arbiter when dishing out blame.  For example, in chapter three he likely enraged the left when he praised the United States for saving much of impoverished Europe through the Marshall Plan.  By the same token, conservatives may flummox to hear that Marshall dollars found their way to communist countries, notably to Tito's Yugoslavia.<br /><br />In many chapters, Judt also painstakingly shreds any romantic notions of Communism felt by Communists living in the West, especially France.  By the time I finished reading how the Soviet politburo used Eastern European Communist parties to infiltrate, intimidate, torture, and murder as a means of effectively colonizing the eastern bloc, I became nauseous; sickness pulsed through my body when I read that west Europeans--especially Germans--readily accepted Stalin's iron walls because they were happily preoccupied chasing wealth.<br /><br />What we thought we knew about twentieth century political icons also falls under Judt's microscope.  For example, there is Judt's analysis of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, who, while certainly making Britain's economy more efficient and productive, was responsible for doing \\"serious harm to the fabric of British public life.\\"  Though Socialist, Francois Mitterrand followed Thatcher's lead in privatizing services and turning rapidly towards free market capitalism via the European Union. Even Greece joined the bandwagon when implementing austerity measures to reform its budget woes, only to be undercut by Germany which refused to abide by the E.U. economic charter right afer reunification.  What appears did not really appear, and what was never said actually happened were the two thoughts that ruminated throughout my brain.<br /><br />Finally, in his epilogue, there is the heart wrenching unpacking of Europe's malfeasant treatment of Jews who somehow survived concentration camps, only to face a country whose citizens refused to acknowledge what had happened and who would foster the heroic myth that they had resisted when in fact they were willing accomplices without German provocation.  If one reads Timothy Snyder's Bloodlands, this feat of Jewish survival is astounding considering that 90 percent of the Jews killed in the Holocaust were not even sent to a camp: they were simply shot or gassed.<br /><br />Remembering what is wrong, forgetting what is correct, and refusing to entertain either.  This is what Judt's Postwar contributes most not only to an understanding of postwar Europe but to the twentieth century in general.  The twentieth century indeed was a time of immeasurable economic prosperity, but it also was a temporary elixir for the brutal and discomforting memories of the past.  As Judt suggests, in the last few decades, Europeans have openly accepted their crimes of the past as an admission ticket to the E.U.  That may serve many of my generation well, but it can never replace history itself.  Just ask the frustrated younger generation searching for gainful employment.  If the next generation is to find its way, it must be equipped with an unvarnished past, an idea which is readily promoted in this text..U. economic charter right afer reunification.  What appears did not really appear, and what was never said actually happened were the two thoughts that ruminated throughout my brain.  Finally, in his epilogue, there is the heart wrenching unpacking of Europe's malfeasant treatment of Jews who somehow survived concentration camps, only to face a country whose citizens refused to acknowledge what had happened and who would foster the heroic myth that they had resisted when in fact they were willing accomplices without German provocation.  If one reads Timothy Snyder's Bloodlands, this feat of Jewish survival is astounding considering that 90 percent of the Jews killed in the Holocaust were not even sent to a camp: they were simply shot or gassed.  Remembering what is wrong, forgetting what is correct, and refusing to entertain either.  This is what Judt's Postwar contributes most not only to an understanding of postwar Europe but to the twentieth century in general.  The twentieth century indeed was a time of immeasurable economic prosperity, but it also was a temporary elixir for the brutal and discomforting memories of the past.  As Judt suggests, in the last few decades, Europeans have openly accepted their crimes of the past as an admission ticket to the E.U.  That may serve many of my generation well, but it can never replace history itself.  Just ask the frustrated younger generation searching for gainful employment.  If the next generation is to find its way, it must be equipped with an unvarnished past, an idea which is readily promoted in this text.
B003PBB4ME|5.0|This is great, I bought it to use with my Canon T3i. I'm sure it'll fit any DSLR camera. And it will without a doubt fit all hand held camcorders. This is a great tool to use for shooting smooth video, and also quite nice for getting unique angles. I can ride along next to somebody longboarding or snowboarding, and get a really low POV angle without worrying about dropping the camera. The added accessory shoe on the top of the handle is a nice touch too! Great buy, worth every penny.
0307959856|3.0|It's a perfectly good book. I'm not sorry I read it. But book-lovers, be alerted: It's second-rate Georgette Heyer, third-rate Jane Austen, and about 200th-rate P.D. James. If you love intelligent, well-plotted mysteries but Regency novels leave you cold, don't bother. It's an okay Regency novel if you take it as a pastiche of Georgette Heyer rather than of Miss Austen, but as a mystery it's closer to Carolyn Keene.
B005HSG3U6|5.0|This case is great, and exactly what I was looking for. I carry my Fire in my purse, everyday, so just wanted something to protect it without adding much weight. The function of it actually reminds me of the case that I had for my original keyboard Kindle. The front folds back on itself for reading; an elastic band keeps it closed but folds onto the back to aid in holding it while reading; but this one allows you to fold the front cover back and make an easel out of it for watching videos, etc., just like an iPad case does. Is it leather? No. It is exactly what it says it is-- a lightweight, protective cover for your device.
1439192812|5.0|Richard Dawkins changed my life with the first book I read of his, \\"The Blind Watchmaker.\\"  Now, with children and grandchildren of my own, I have been trying to explain these concepts in terms they can comprehend.  This book is it.  A great overview of the Scientific Method for children and pre-teens.  Absolutely brilliant!!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use evermore for 2 phones , tablet, and computer. its very useful for people who doesn't have great memories like me. :) enjoy
B0050KTR36|3.0|I was taking anatomy and physiology when I found this ap. It was helpful up to a point. You had to get more than 50% of the answers correct to move to the next level which is fine by itself, however the game goes all the way back to the beginning when you miss a level. It would be better if you could just redo the level you miss.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Have enjoyed playing All the games so far....now I just have to earn more points to purchase the other games.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|rvrvrcrcd. r d dcec e.  e e e e. execexrcrfecec e s eddy &quot;de. ercededrcfvfc dcrcccfv dcrcrccrf rcrfrfrfrf d exr
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|This is one of the best deals I've gotten on amazon yet!  I Would highly recommend it, its a great movie
B00003CXSP|5.0|The product arrived BEFORE its estimated arrival date and in excellent condition. It was also much more affordable than the alternatives in-store. I will definitely be buying from this purveyor when possible in the future!
0439023513|1.0|I am very aggravated that I have tried downloading this book several times, and even sent my kindle fire in for a new one thinking there was an internal problem. I do not like to purchase things that do not work.
B000089A07|5.0|The product arrived on time and in excellent condition. It was also much more affordable than the alternatives in-store. I will definitely be buying from this purveyor when possible in the future!
B004SUWR2C|4.0|It played well on the kindle fire. The graphics are nice &amp; no issues with it. Download it, the price is deal.
B004QX07G4|1.0|What a waste of time in the production of this trivia.  This lady is not funny, talented or creative, she's just another so called celebrity rising from the muck of left wing media.  Check her ratings, past and present.  This lastest book has been in the $5 bin in a big box store since it first appeared in the store, no surprise there.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This app does everything I wanted it to do and more.  I really like that I can see exactly what people are doing on my computer and interact with them.
B0047Y0FGY|1.0|More nonsense from another unimportant so called celebrity. The book was passed on to me, would not have spent a nickel on such trivia.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|solid. annoying apps but you deal. different games so thats cool. accomplishments are nice as well. its nicely put together.
B004K8WPUQ|5.0|So far so good. It picks up audio very well. Especially If I am filming from 100 feet away, it picks up the audio from people talking clear as day. Just put the setting to +20 db and its insane! Very very pleased.
B003IKMR0U|5.0|Mmmmmm....braiiiinzzzzz.....<br /><br />Purchased this as a gift for my brother, the zombiephile in the family.  Pulled it out to play, and thoroughly enjoyed the quick romp through the game.  For two it takes about 15-20 minutes to play a game, and since it's portable it can live in the bottom of a bag and come out whenever there's some time to kill.  Great dice game whether or not you like zombies....but who can argue with a chance to shamble and moan...
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app and have been using for years now.  It's great being able to download a bible translation or a different version and then be able to use it offline. I do wish there were more persons available offline, but I understand royalties.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is a good time passer and you never get bored.but you should have instructions for every mini game
B006GG1KOC|3.0|ok game thought it may have been a little different you can try it if you want you can always delete it or uninstall
B0054JZC6E|2.0|The games all seem fun, and its pretty easy to earn points (which us how you unlock other games). The games are just too hard... Not because they are difficult, but the responsiveness was garbage. Sometimes, a screen touch wasn't even registering. How do you play touchscreen games that don't respond when you touch the screen? This is the first time I've had this issue with a game. Play angry birds all the time with no lagging. HTC Evo 4g.
B0036TGT3E|5.0|I love this movie! It arrived ready to watch in perfect condition, and the clarity of the blu-ray is 1000x better than what I remember from growing up. This movie never gets old!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its a simple mindless game that's lots of fun! I love it! I think I may have a new addiction!!!
0312427999|5.0|In this well-researched expose, Naomi Klein details example after example of cases where Milton Friedman and his raw-Capitalist loving disciples have exploited crises around the world to push their own morally repugnant agenda.  Starting in Chili and Argentina, Klein details how benign democratic socialist governments were overthrown by free-market fascist dictators supported by the United States.  In these cases, the torture and shock that had to be imposed to implement the economic policies of selling off public assets, raising prices, and creating vast income inequality were so great that 30,000 people in Argentina were \\"disappeared\\", never to be seen again.  Klein expertly unravels the complicated web of how Friedman's support for these governments set back nations by decades and caused horrible suffering to hundreds of thousands of working people.    The most powerful part of the book comes when Klein moves away from the shocks exploited in Latin America, Russia, South Africa, and Poland, and moves to those in the United States.  Her detailing of the incompetence and greed behind the Bush administration's desire to remake Iraq into a corporitist haven is simply stunning.  When the extent of the fraud, waste, and abuse of taxpayer money is brought to light, it is difficult to understand how Paul Bremer and his \\"expert\\" team of rebuilders were not criminally prosecuted for there role in not only wasting taxpayer dollars but causing the insurgency.  In Iraq, foreign multinationals were brought in at extravagant costs instead of hiring Iraqis to do the work cheaper and better, and thus employing local people and getting them involved in their community instead of alienating them and causing them to turn to more violent alternatives.  Another incredible accounting comes in regard to the incompetence and sheer delusion that went into post-Katrina relief.  If reading this doesn't change your mind about the competence of the Bush administration and the evils of unfettered capitalism, nothing probably will.  In short, this book paints a very scary picture of how Western governments such as the US have taken advantage of tragedies to impose extreme forms of capitalism that have taken advantage of poor and middle class people.  Whether through the IMF, World Bank, or direct funding of military juntas, US Neo-Conservatives have openly flaunted greed and violence as acceptable means to the end of opening up countries for exploitation and reducing the standard of living for the majority of working class people in these countries.  Before this reading I would have considered myself fairly liberal but supportive of free markets, but after, it's hard not want to completely abandon the illusion that free-market capitalism is anything but an unfair and ultimately evil form of economic policy that takes advantage of the weakest people in society.  One last word, it's notable that Klein has 74 pages of references, which are cited throughout the book.  She and her team did their research.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|didn't expect much and pleased. nothing amazing, but simple fun. recommend as an easy way to have a bit of fun.
B000FBFN1U|5.0|I just finished this book and I am absolutely awestruck. I am usually disappointed as a series goes on, by inconsistencies or just plain bored as the author struggles for new content. Not so with this series! What a fantastic book this was. I started book four immediately and can't wait to see what happens next!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love the games! with it! great game to play when bored or just waiting on something to do. a must!
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|We received this within two days!  It was in excellent condition. I couldn't be happier with the product or service.
0525478817|5.0|I have read all of John Green's books and I think this one may be the best he has written so far!
B006GG1KOC|5.0|I thought it was a game that had two screens and you had to locate the item that differed between them.<br /><br />But with that said,, the game is great for it's intent and description. Probably good for kids ages up to 5 or 6 before they get bored.<br /><br />Adopt a shelter pet.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This program really takes the cake. All the features are there. I use this for all kinds of computing. Video its a tad slower at high resolutions.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|the game takes a long time to beat and I like that um um um um I'm um um um um
B006DJ2JSI|5.0|Great dictionary complete with linking to words in the definition.  This dictionary does not require an Internet connection, so it is always available.  It also includes derivative information of words.  Take a moment and look up the word 'nice' for a whole new take on the word. lol  Additionally, the dictionary has a function to pronounce words (requires internet connection).  This is obviously a very useful function.  The only con I can mention here which to me is NOT a con in this instance is:  the dictionary on my phone is 118MG. Yes, it's large, but well worth the space.
B005GVA2L0|5.0|This album has a different sound than the previous Evanescence albums, but that's not a bad thing! Like all albums it takes some getting used to and I became hooked! It was the soundtrack to my fall 2011 semester! It is the first Evanescence album I actually got into because I actually know every song on the album! Here is my track-by-track review:  1. \\"What You Want\\" (5/5) - Since it's the lead single, I immediately began loving it then consequently played it out.  2. \\"Made of Stone\\" (5/5) - This is my favorite song on the album. Awesome lyrics; rockin' guitars; I actually made this my ringtone.    I am hoping it will be made into a single sometime this year.  3. \\"The Change\\" (3/5) - This song is alright. Seems like more of a filler. I like how it transitions into \\"My Heart Is Broken.\\"  4. \\"My Heart Is Broken\\" (5/5) - Awesome song with a cool piano rift. Would like to hear how it would've sounded if the original plan    of using the harp for the piano parts happened. Have yet to see the supposed music video for this    song.  5. \\"The Other Side\\" (4/5) - Very catchy song! I didn't hear it at first but at the very beginning of the song is the transitional    ending to \\"My Heart Is Broken.\\" Oh how I absolutely LOVE songs that transition into each other!  6. \\"Erase This\\" (3/5) - Didn't really care for this song initially, but it grew on me.  7. \\"Lost In Paradise\\" (5/5) - This is my second favorite song. It's a dark and sad, yet beautiful masterpiece that I love singing    along to. Also hoping it will be a future single.  8. \\"Sick\\" (4/5) - Like \\"Erase This,\\" this song grew on me and now I like it. It's catchy too.  9. \\"End of the Dream\\" (3/5) - It's an okay song. Another filler.  10. \\"Oceans\\" - (4/5) - Very catchy, like \\"The Other Side.\\" In this song is where the overall water and oceanic motif comes    together, as first referenced in \\"Erase This,\\" if I'm correct.  11. \\"Never Go Back\\" (3/5) - Another filler that's just okay.  12. \\"Swimming Home\\" (4/5) - And so the oceanic motif comes to a conclusion in this song. The lyrics will get stuck in your head too    when you're shopping at Target!  13. \\"New Wat to Bleed\\" (4/5) - This song would be the perfect soundtrack for traversing a hot & sandy desert!  14. \\"Say You Will\\" (4/5) - One word: CATCHY!  15. \\"Disappear\\" (3/5) - It's alright. I can understand how it didn't make the standard cut.  16. \\"Secret Door\\" (4/5) - LOVE the incorporation of the harp! This song is cute and kinda catchy.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|l think that this game should be rated 100,000 u u u u u u u r awesome cooly awesome.
B004QPUGRW|5.0|Inspiring for a yoga practitioner and great breakdowns of the poses.  Nice addition to my yoga library!  David Swenson is so good.
B004FGMDOQ|4.0|I would have given this book 3 1/2 starts. I think 3 is a little too low because it is an interesting book.  Although I was hoping for a more creepy ghost story of peculiar (strange/bizarre) children once in an orphanage.  I am also one that feels this book would have been more interesting to young adults/teens (even with explicit language & a few sexual references, it would be ABSOLUTELY nothing they haven't heard, said, or probably even done themselves.)  To me, the book was more SciFi than it was anything else.  It had hints of a mystery but no cliff hangers that propelled you through the book.  I would have enjoyed more of a character history of some of the children in the book, even though you get a brief synopsis, I would have enjoyed something deeper.  A lot of others have related it to Harry Potter, I don't think it quite even touches Harry Potter but it is an interesting story to read.  The photos in the book are a nice touch, I would have actually enjoyed more of them.    I also read this on Kindle Fire and the photos & letters where easily viewable. On the letters I just clicked \\"zoom\\" and expanded them a bit.  I think the cover of the book leads you to believe a lot more to the book but overall I was satisfied.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|not very good. some games aren't even playable. like the curling one. amusing for like five minutes, then the games just  get boring. would have rather played one good game worth playing than 117 dumb games.
B005OK721G|5.0|Simply allow yourself to be drawn into an amazing tale of a young girl's exposure to terror and her transformation into an avenger. Amandla Stenberg, the young actress portraying Cataleya as a girl was impressive. Her ability to depict so much bravery and determination through her magnetic, intense eyes will draw you into her world immediately. Obviously, she grows up and fifteen years after her horrible experience, she sets upon an incredible journey of pure payback.  The movie keeps moving - you won't doze through this one! Incredible acting and photography packs a one-two punch that will keep your attention throughout Colombiana's 108 minute run time. No doubt about it, Zoe Saldana is a fascinating, beautiful and strong actress who nailed her role as the adult assassin the little girl had become. At the movie's conclusion, Johnny Cash sings a stunning song that anchors down the cost Cataleya has paid for her dark journey.
0439813786|4.0|I've been wanting to read this book since I first saw a preview for the movie.  Finally, my daughter brought it home from her school library and I read it in about four hours.<br />The it's about a boy, Hugo, who lost both his mother and father and then goes to live with his uncle.  His uncle lives inside the walls of the train station and takes care of all the clocks making sure that they are all running properly.  When his uncle goes missing, Hugo takes over his responsibilities so that he will have a place to live.<br /><br />Hugo also has something called an Automan that he and his father had been trying to fix.  Hugo begins stealing small gears from a toyshop within the station to help repare the automan.  He knows the automan will give him a message from his father, and he's desperate to find out what it will say.<br /><br />The Invention of Hugo Cabret  has some of the most beautiful drawings I have seen in a book.  I'd say more than 50% of the book is drawings and so they do a lot of the story telling.  There are quite a few little twists and turns, and a lot of mystery within the book, which keeps it fresh and interesting.  The one thing I was disappointed by was the ending.  It felt very rushed to me and I wished there were more details.  Sometimes within the book I thought there should be more of an explanation of events and was left thinking, \\"Wait, what just happened there?\\"  There were some loose ends that never seemed to be tied up but they didn't take away from the heart of the story.<br /><br />Overall, I rate this book 4 out of 5 stars and would recommend it for anyone with an interest in movies.
B000Q66PXE|5.0|This is an outstanding depiction of ancient Rome. While not perfect historically, it certainly portrays Roman life and the overall chain of events much better than most movies or TV series which are based on history. I see several 1-star reviews here, which focus mainly on shipping, price, packaging, and damaged discs, but not on the product itself. A few people complain about the violence, language, blood and sex. Please keep in mind that the classical world was much different than it is today. One of the mistakes people make is that they try to apply a modern context to history. You simply can't do that. Also, there is a reason for the \\"Mature\\" rating. This is not for kids!
B000FC2NGM|2.0|This kindle version of One, Two, Buckle My Shoe does not have the last chapter.  It could be that the book ends where this version stops, but in fact the book does not end there.  If you want the ENTIRE book, this is not the product for you.<br /><br />Also, however this version was created there are wrong word usages sprinkled throughout, so it isn't very well edited.<br /><br />Otherwise, you can't go wrong with Agatha Christie!
0446585025|5.0|This book had me laughing from the first page.  It is impossible to be in a bad mood when you listen to/reading anything Ellen says.
B000KKPN5C|2.0|I have a Nikon 5100. I was hoping this flash can help indoor photography. But it is almost as bright as my camera flash. not very satisfied.
0143118757|5.0|Getting to Yes is not a comprehensive guide to negotiation. It's a partial approach to negotiation that is useful so long as the reader understands that there is much more, from many different perspectives still to learn.  The book's strength is that it puts in writing a number of negotiation tactics that most people already use unconsciously in their daily lives. Initially, it sounds simplistic to put such everyday tactics in writing as \\"find objective criteria\\" but it was overall useful to see all sorts of everyday tactics compiled in writing.   As pointed out by many, the authors' moralizing is somewhat offensive and pedantic. If you can get past the authors' assumption that their approach to negotiation is uniquely moral, it's a very helpful read.   Finally, the book got my hackles up once or twice when the authors used hot button global conflicts (Northern Ireland, Israel-Palestine, etc.) to illustrate their points. I think it would probably be best if they'd stuck to more mundane examples.   I'd recommend everyone read this book as long as they keep in mind that it is only one perspective in a very large field of approaches to negotiation.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|101 games is fun and works well on the kindle fire because it runs smoothly and I haven't had one force close.
B006GG1KOC|4.0|I play this with my 3 yo. There are two things that would improve this game. First, leave the pics up after solving so you can discuss why it is correct. Second, give an explanation to the child so that they will know why the answer is right or wrong.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|Very helpful in class, loving drop tabs, ability to locate chapters quick and easy, learning about its E ability. thanks for it all. -
0525478817|5.0|This book is just amazing. John Green is on track to be one of the world's best authors. This book is just as fantastic, if not more, than his other books.   DFTBA!
B003WWZ148|5.0|This is by far one of the best albums I've ever listened to.  Johnny Cash's energy makes it worth listening to all the way through.
0395389496|5.0|Just as good as I remember it!  I bought this book for my nephew and it even comes with an audio CD of Liam Neeson reading the book.  Wonderful book and great value.  Shipping was fast.
B004LWZW8I|5.0|(quoting Jeremy Jahns on another film) This movie is spectacular! head bashing has never been this artistic. Beautiful on the eyes, full of tension and amazing effects. Many reviewers give low ratings to movies like this and 300, because they can't stand to see men with sex-pack abs and not feel gay. Well, if you are well aware of your masculinity, or you enjoy to see shirtless muscular men (not that there's anything wrong with that) this movie is an awesome thrill ride!
0399226907|5.0|My younger nephew loved the colors in this book and the story was easy to remember.  I loved this book when I was little, too.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is such s wonderful app that I have downloaded it onto my Kindle Fire and HTC Evo. I use the Bible reading plan (several to choose from). I love having the reminder appear. The various Bible versions are wonderful. I have downloaded a few different Bible versions and never really like any of them then I found this app and deleted all other Bible apps except this one.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This game was fun at first, but as you get further into unlocking games you need ridiculous amounts of points to unlock the new games. Also I agree with others that the controls for some of the games are not very fine tuned. two examples are the snake game and frog game. but it was free and it entertains my kid. all in all not too bad.
B005HP2JAM|3.0|I'd return the movie if it weren't such an amazing documentary on a cave we'd love to but would probably never be allowed to visit.   The sound track, only when played in 3D, has issues. Some of the movie has little clicks, where there's no sound for a split second. In other areas the sound track is off. It's really annoying when someone is speaking. Otherwise, it's not a major deal. It works perfectly in the 2D setting.  We're using a Samsung 3D Blu-ray player with a Toshiba 3D TV and watch 3D movies often without a hiccup.
0439023521|5.0|This book is so good!!! I am 27 and a few months away from getting an MA in English and when I read this book over the x-mas break I could not put it down! I stayed up reading it and then rushed out the next day to get the next two books. The first one is the best, and the 2nd is surprisingly awesome as well, even though you will be wondering how it can be near as good as the first, and the third one is still pretty good. The ending was satisfying. I think the messages in this book are good for younger people--suggesting that the commercialism that dehumanizes us in many ways is built on the degradation and exploitation of marginalized peoples and nations, while featuring a strong and kick-a young female lead character that is smart, tough, principled and not just obsessed with boys (although there is indeed romance enough to satisfy). Katniss is awesome.
B006GG1KOC|1.0|Wow. This needs to verify what exactly you are looking for and then it would be a great game for any ages. But for now, there could be a few things that could be &quot;different&quot;.
B006JRIZJG|5.0|After Christmas there were barbies everywhere, and so I ordered this, and it has worked out well. It is pretty cute and my daughter actually plays with it as a house for her barbies in addition to storage (she is almost 4 so we haven't done the barbie house yet) and it keeps them way contained. It is nice to be able to tell her to put away the barbies and it is easy for her to put them away and put on the lid. It fits quite a bit of stuff, we have in it currently 7 barbies, 2 kens, a horse and even the small convertible. The one small issue is that if you have a younger kid, they can do the zippers on the side but sometime she mashed too hard on the walls and so one of them is just slightly starting to bend in, not a big deal but a factor. It is sturdy, but not like hard plastic obviously. I am glad I got this one though, it is cuter and roomier than others I have seen.
B0068RHGJM|5.0|This is truely and evolved band, yet they keep the elements that makes Nightwish Nightwish.  Many bands \\"evolve\\" (or devolve) and completly change thier sound, but through this ride, you can tell who's hand created it. Scaretale is probably the most unique song i've ever heard, sounding like it draws inspiration from carnival, cirque, Pirates, and Tim Burton.  I do see why people say it's superior to Dark Passion Play, it's more dimentional. This is true art.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Wish there was an add free version. Great graphics and game play.  Love to have this game again.  Better then the others I have tried.
B0064NTZJO|5.0|This is not a action, blow-em-up, summer popcorn movie.  This is a subtle, but very interesting movie for it's ability to set a mood and tell the story at the pace it needs to be told. Ryan Gosling does an excellent job of demonstrating what acting is without saying line after line.  All the characters demonstrate redeeming traits while still begin trapped in their lives.  A very good movie if you are patient enough to let it be told.
B004MC8CA2|1.0|I got this app because a friend of mine said I needed to read up on some scripture if I wanted to live a happier more fulfilling life. Used it for a month and I'm still miserable. What a joke. Somebody needs to cut to the chase and just make a God App so I can file my complaints directly and bypass the middleman.  The movie was better.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|cool. and you can do many cool games on there so its like my favorite game in the intimidate world you can do anything with this game
B003AQBYUG|4.0|I bought this item for Xmas as big fan of the movies I can tell the quality of the image is excellent and it was amazing to be able to see tehm like this, but you need to note that there the main audio track is available on DTS and old Dolby (4 channels) is available for the original release of the movies.  I have my PS3 connected to a Panasonic Home Theater via optical cable, but With this movie I found out that my home theater will not decode DTS over the optical input, so I had to choose between seeing in stereo or original release on 4 channels.
B0063IH60K|5.0|very enjoyable.  runs smoothly. would definitely recommend this app to a friend. doesn't drain my battery either which is a huge plus.
0753801728|5.0|Bernard Schlink's novel The Reader is a brilliantly insightful journey through multi-layered thoughts and feelings, some of which are heart-felt and real, some of which are socially prescribed pretense, and some of which are confused and confusing and can't be confidently categorized.  There is love, sex, shame, guilt, uncertainty, pride, pain, duty, willful indifference, and uncontrolled longing, more than enough of each to cover a multitude of lifetimes.  All this is experienced by two seemingly unexceptional people from different social strata, Michael Berg and Hannah Schmitz.<br /><br />Their lives became interwoven wholly by accident on a street in Post-World War II Germany when Michael, ill with undiagnosed hepatitis, vomited, and Hanna, for no compelling reason helped him clean up before going home.  From this inauspicious beginning, fifteen year old Michal and Hanna, twenty-one years his senior, developed a passionate sexual relationship that filled Michael's consciousness with unqualified devotion and provided the substance of his dreams.<br /><br />Since the story is narrated by Michael, we can only make tentative inferences, as he does, about the effect of the love affair on Hanna.  She demonstrably enjoyed the sex, taking charge at first but sometimes yielding control to Michael.  On a few occasions when Hanna mistook Michael's misreading of situations as bespeaking neglect, rejection, or insufficient interest she was outraged.  Perhaps her anger and hysterical weeping were prompted by nothing more than overweening pride.  But the duration of their relationship, the frequency and intensity of their encounters, and the comfortably stimulating glow that illuminated their few public appearances together suggest that Hanna, in her own way, loved Michael as unreservedly as she could afford to love anyone.<br /><br />The author's rendering of Michael's adoration of every aspect of Hanna's physical being, and his understanding of a longing so deep that it was all-consuming, are so skillfully rendered as to be achingly palpable.  Treating Michael's feelings as manifestations of commonplace animal lust or pop psych accounts of adolescent hormones would be ugly and profane.  Instead, we find thoroughgoing hunger, the kind that made even touching Hanna's hand or smelling her hair painfully arousing and at the same time transiently fulfilling, though Michael could never be sated.<br /><br />For reasons that he didn't understand until much later, when Michael was in his last year of secondary school the affair ended.  He blamed himself for an unintended slight that he suspected was rightly seen as a split-second denial of fidelity.  Seeking protection from being hurt again, he found a way to maintain emotional neutrality regarding all people and events.  He still functioned intellectually, completing secondary school and his university studies, and becoming a capable researcher, employed to study legal history.  As an historian of the law he hoped to find direction and closure for lives properly lived, but he was asking too much.<br /><br />In time, however, Michael was, indeed, overtaken by the past.  Not his past, not the past of the Enlightenment that he found so hopeful in his research, but Germany's Nazi past, and efforts made by people and institutions to come to terms with its horrors.  Whether or not these attempts at absolution were made in good faith seemed irrelevant.  They were carried along by taken-for-granted tides of history, making perfunctory amends for Germany's unprecedented sins.<br /><br />Without warning and in a way that was impossible to foresee, Michael's legal research became wrought up in the ongoing effort to attain national absolution and brought him once again face to face with Hanna.  With his detached internal demeanor he recognized feelings that he thought he should have but didn't.  Perhaps Michael's visceral indifference paralleled that of prison camp guards who had dutifully and with detachment done their jobs in the Nazi concentration camps, without malice, without feeling of any sort.  At the same time, Hanna was aware of Michael's presence but disengaged and unresponsive.<br /><br />As the story develops, the meaning of the title, The Reader, becomes clear.  The co-mingling of pride, vulnerability, loss, confusion, and love is both illuminating and painful to behold.  The author masterfully illustrates accidents, strengths, frailties, and happenstance borne of a unique set of circumstances that inexorably determined the courses of two lives.<br /><br />The movie version of The Reader does not begin to do justice to the novel.  It would be difficult, indeed, to capture on film the shifting emotional makeup and interior lives of Michael and Hanna.  The Reader is a brilliant novel, a modern tragedy whose author has a remarkable talent for presenting the lives of complex and troubled people in a difficult world.ent done their jobs in the Nazi concentration camps, without malice, without feeling of any sort.  At the same time, Hanna was aware of Michael's presence but disengaged and unresponsive.<br /><br />As the story develops, the meaning of the title, The Reader, becomes clear.  The co-mingling of pride, vulnerability, loss, confusion, and love is both illuminating and painful to behold.  The author masterfully illustrates accidents, strengths, frailties, and happenstance borne of a unique set of circumstances that inexorably determined the courses of two lives.<br /><br />The movie version of The Reader does not begin to do justice to the novel.  It would be difficult, indeed, to capture on film the shifting emotional makeup and interior lives of Michael and Hanna.  The Reader is a brilliant novel, a modern tragedy whose author has a remarkable talent for presenting the lives of complex and troubled people in a difficult world.
0525478817|5.0|I'm amazed the way John Green can take me to Indiana,the Netherlands, and back in just 300 pages. These characters are right up there with my favorites : Holden(Catcher in the Rye) Charlie (Perks of Being a Wallflower)and Jay (Great Gatsby). I'm glad John let us into this small infinity he created.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this soo much. its great for passing the time, and its free! I mean, ya cant.get better than this
B006JPS1OM|5.0|interactive. game with lots of neat objects to find.   great mystery. makes you have to pay attention and look for new clues.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great game! really good variety. I loved having to work my way up to the better games, more of a challenge!
B006GG1KOC|5.0|App looks good, my 3 year old loves to pick the differences out and play in the gallery. Fun and engaging for little ones, starts conversations about similarities and differences.
B006GG1KOC|1.0|i think they can do a lot better than this to put it nicely . update is going to be needed
B006GG1KOC|4.0|Some combos were tougher then I would've thought, but I know my little loved ones won't care. They'll love this game anyway for it's fun music &amp; animations.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|this is an awesome app it gets me up in the morning Best of all i can wake up to my own music luv it :)
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I really think that this game is good but needs better games. I also want to say I get a headache from some of the games.
038533348X|3.0|The novel was actually, a bit of a disappointment. From the praise, and encouragement, I recived from my AP Language teacher I assumed it would be fantastic. The novel itself was very sporadic and difficult to follow. I understand that this is Vonnegut's style of writing, but it did not appeal to me. On any normal occasion I would have given the book a two. However, it did have an interesting plot. Having an apocalyptic theme and the technology that was introdced made it more compelling. In my opinion, this story gets a three to three in a half as a rating. If you enjoy books that require a bit more thought then normal, then I highly recommend the novel. If, however, you enjoy page turners that need little to no thought process to understand the plot, I would not recommend it. PMC
1451648537|5.0|The \\"Steve Jobs\\" book was purchased for a relative close to Christmas.  On Amazon.com, I bought the hardbound copy for half of the bookstore price.  In spite of it being close to Christmas, the book arrived promptly in pristine condition.  Great purchase!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is one of the best bibles out there let alone the best free Bible app. Great for everyone. And its at the best price. Free!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the games are simple yet addicting. however, things slow down a bit when you open up later games because they require increasingly more points to unlock.
1451627289|4.0|I have read many Stephen King books in the last 20 years or so. His imaginative story-telling tends to grab my attention. I get frustrated, though, when I've read some of my favorite authors for a while, then read a Stephen King book like 11/22/63 for a period of time. To me, the stories are always interesting - from his accounts of the setting to the character development. I always find myself on the emotional roller coaster of rooting for the hero or turning the pages quickly to see what will happen next. Nonetheless, I get very thrown off by his writing. Perhaps it is because he writes so many novels so quickly and to such a massive audience that he reverts to repetitive word use and over-simplified language over and over again. If I had to tally how many times he had written that the past is \\"obdurate\\" or that it \\"harmonizes,\\" I'm certain I'd run out of loose leaf. Even when he was speaking in the voice of a well-educated man, he refers to a train as a choo-choo rather matter of factly. Should Mr. King or any of his circle ever read such reviews as this - PLEASE get back to that good ol' storytelling we knew so well without dumbing down the language...it's distracting!! Nonetheless, three cheers for an excellent story.
B006GG1KOC|5.0|Cognitivily, this is a great App forth young children.  it's tactile, engaging, and - if parents choose - a great learning format to engage in with their kids. I downloaded to use with my prescoolrrs at church.  They'll love it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its fun but it would be better if you could play a trial of a game before you spend all of your hard earned coins on it.
1594203059|1.0|Ferguson's book is little more than a triumphalist selective rehashing of ideas that have been proposed by others. There is thus nothing original the book has to offer.
B0053O89WY|5.0|A cast of geniuses playing geniuses. Acting geniuses playing science geniuses. Brilliant, lovely actors all of them. The scenes in the \\"Bath Item Gift Hypothesis\\" when Penny gives Sheldon his \\"Saturnalia\\" (Christmas present) - his miracle gift - a signed napkin from Leonard Nimoy - is the BEST television I have EVER EVER SEEN!!! And I was RAISED on television. The laugh out loud factor keeps me happy ALL DAY... I can think of what I watched the night before and settle into a warm feeling that I will be seeing another episode later... And the DVD's ARE wonderful because there are no commercail interruptions...   Some of the same format as M*A*S*H*. And as brilliant writing ... doctors with a sidekick nurse - scientists with a sidekick waitress/actress. God, wouldn't I love to be in Penny's shoes...   Having grown up around scientists from MIT and CalTech, I can honestly say that Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady are insightful and gloriously honest!  I hope it just keeps going and going...
1451627289|5.0|A Christmas present from my wife. I just now read the last page and could almost start the whole journey over again. I love time travel themes and am in awe of Kings skill. One of the best reads of my life. Thank you
B006GG1KOC|3.0|playing this game has taught me many things. its taught me to think before you have your answer, always double check, think of anything that has to do with your question, and the differences between everything. it wasn't as fun as kids would like, but it was educating. its shared common life experiences,  but it didn't have different standard and experienced levels. there should've been more levels and experienced levels like beginner, medium, experienced, and expert. then there should be tests on it and moree!
B006GG1KOC|2.0|This is a game that you have to think like the author.  As some have said some need explanation.  This is because there are different ways to look at things.  For example an apple, strawberry, red ball, hazelnut.  Lets see, three are red and one isn't.  Three contain seeds and one doesn't.  Three are round, one isn't.  Three are hard but the strawberry is sqishy.  And so on.  Which is right.  So this app is teaching a child to think like the author.  I would rather a child see all posibilities, not this only one answer is right.  And we wonder why so many lack imagination and think like everyone else.  Get them out of the box early.  Think different.
B006GG1KOC|4.0|The only reason I ended up with this app was because it was the free app of the day. I promptly uninstalled it after playing with it for five minutes.   I assume for a kid there will be entertainment value, it's got shiny colors, east to use navigation and dead simple game play and all.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Nothing more than I can say but an ingenious way to keep the whole family engaged, we drove to Florida and took turns with a 9 and 6 year old and all of us had fun.  Great game,
B006GG1KOC|5.0|Great app. some items semmed confusing until you used the hint to see why it doesnt belong. then it makes sense.
1451627289|5.0|Update...Finished and its a great read. Goes from 3 stars to 5 due to the enjoyment factor that 95% of people  experience. Great ending.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is awesome!!!! you can make a lot of money and buy more games in this game.   review by Ani Crocker
B006GG1KOC|5.0|installed on evo3d. my daughter has drained my battery playing this.. she loves it! I highly recommend it. your kid will thank you
B004SD5GZ4|5.0|The Kindle Fire can read .Pdf files without this app.<br /><br />Just connect your fire and drop your .pdf files in your.documents folder.<br /><br />adobe reader is optional and it works the same. I don't know what is up with those 1 star ratings, this app doesn't deserve that when it works! it deserves some love so I'm gonna give it 5 stars to boost it to four stars. you should too!  :)
B005K17RU0|5.0|it's great to have the weather at my location when I need it. I can see the Radar to know if rain is near. Great App. I also can, with one click see the weather in another state where family lives.
1600243916|5.0|I won't review the book itself since there are so many accurate reviews here on Amazon. However, I do want to state that the audio version (read by the author himself) is simply wonderful!  I have a daily 140 mile commute and when I get home I never have time to read for my own pleasure especially with three school aged children. I am actually mourning the fact that I finished the book tonight on my way home from work.  I rarely read anything more than technical journals for work or educational materials for our homeschooled children so I was very leary of being bored to tears while driving.  Mr. Gladwell's reading was such a treat for me though. I found myself sitting in my office parking lot wanting to listen to one more track... My children would come up to my car window at night in our driveway at home and I would hold up my pointer finger begging for \\"one more minute\\". Mr. Gladwell's voice, his excitement, shock, anger at times were spot on to what my emotions were feeling.  His text and voice paint such a vivid picture that the reader can \\"see\\" the landscape, \\"hear\\" the sounds of the city and \\"feel\\" their heart sink when tragedy strikes. This book has really made my week so much more fulfilling...I'm back to find another audio title as well now.
B005OK722U|4.0|There is no way to top a movie franchise such as the Hostel movies. The first movie was shocking, revolting, controversial, gory, sexy, and just down right wrong. Hostel part II was more tame in my opinion (except for the bathtub scene...*shiver*), but being a fan of the first, I feel it was a good continuation to the first movie. Hostel part III, however, is different than the first and second movies primarily because the rich people don't kill the people themselves, it takes place here in America, there is much less sex/nudity, much less gore (but i believe the number of victims is the largest in this film), and there was actually some shocking twists that I never saw coming.  I felt this movie was the least gory/bloody/horrific of the trilogy. Having said that, there are still a few scenes that made my skin crawl.  All in all, I feel people were too harsh on this movie. You paid to watch a movie about rich people trampling over others by ways of torture and pain, and it was delivered. I give it 4 stars because of the original deaths, the shocking twists, the chills on my skin, and the simple satisfaction that another scary movie will keep me up until 5am tonight. :)
B005MYEQ4U|4.0|Allen finally got away from his moronic, infantile stereotypically safe rom-com formula scripts - OK, mostly. Acting for the most part was quite good especially the French actors but Wilson behaved more like a comic book author than anything more literate. The tete-a-tetes with the early 20th, late 19th century authors and artists was an off-the-wall creative view of their unembellished lives. Cinematography was great; props, settings and especially costuming were very great. Just how we ended up in these periods actually didn't really matter which is testimony to the fine directing, writing and acting. The viewer at first asks themselves if it's a Cinderfella fantasy, or parallel dimensional time travel, or psychological disorder, or an illusion but all that becomes a trivial sideshow to the endless enjoyable interactions. Personally, I would have had the script focus less on Gil's comical behavior and more on the potpourri of characters he meets.
0307120007|3.0|I bought Pat the Bunny for my daughter and we had a few good times playing with it. For very young children.
B0000046ZJ|5.0|Grew up with this music as a child.  Its still just as good today as it was yesterday.  Talk about nostalgia.
B0056C6XIA|2.0|It is very simple. This is a decent multi-toool. It is just not $80 decent. The firestarter, meh. The flashlight is a single AAA battery. It would not be the best choice in a survival situation..... For someone who wants to play survivalist in their backyard, it is perfect. For a serious deep-woods set, I could recommend a lot better and probably for a lesser price.
B0000047CX|5.0|This is the second Stan Getz I bought.  Grew up with this kind of music.  It's still just as good today as it was yesterday.  And the nostalgia is nice.
B005I6EVUG|5.0|This cover is gorgeous and looks very rich.  The etched destinations on the cover are of such high quality.  The fit was perfect like a glove.  Makes my Kindle really stand out and protects it as well.  Great for us that prefer aesthetics over practicality.  This one does both.  My Kindle is protected and it looks fabulous.
B006GG1KOC|5.0|My 3 year and 6 year old love it; it may be a bit \\"basic\\" but sure can keep kids occupy for those moments when they get restless. For $0.99 regular price (I got it free from Amazon's Free App of the Day), it's worth it. And, best of all, no annoying Ads (at least so far) and it's not a limited feature app,!
145162445X|4.0|Finally a noted physicist challenges the religious view of creation. Thank you Lawrence Krauss for giving the view from modern physics.  Science does answer the age old question in the title of your book: \\"Why is there something rather than nothing\\".  But Lawrence, in the text you change the question from \\"Why\\" to \\"How\\".  Science DOES explain WHY: We have a universe of something rather than nothing because the state of \\"nothing\\" is UNSTABLE.  This is the why!  I think the concept of gravitational energy as negative energy needs more detail. Most will be confused.  Mr. Krauss has a brilliant mind but sometimes just when I think I am getting the scoop, he goes off on a tangent.  I think he tries to cover too much territory and it is very difficult for the average lay person to follow.  I would recommend \\"The Origin of the Universe - Case Closed\\" for the lay person.  But all and all it is a great work that is long overdue.  I am hoping for a future version which has less history that stays focused on making creation understandable for lay people.  More pictures and diagrams would help.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|the games are fun, but some are unclear about rules or controls. in addition, sometimes the controls do not work like they should. other then that, so far I like this app.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|This was an amazing movie!  This movie is filled with acting that is powerful, comical, emotional, and overall great!    It made me take a few minutes to look at my life and see if there were areas I could improve in as a overall person.    I give it a 10 out of 5 stars and recommend The Help to any race, age, nationality, religion, ANYONE!
B0063IH60K|4.0|Downloaded on my kindle fire and so far no issues. Good way of passing time. Always loved playing this game.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|I would strongly reccomend this app because it provides different skill levels, and if you make a mistake or even mess up there's a undo button. Heck you could start the whole game over if you wanted.
0802130208|5.0|I give this book 5 stars easily. It is my favorite book and was consistently funny the entire way through. That said, it is not for everyone. It's lack of substantial story and plot may be off putting to some and refreshing to others. There is not a villain and classic story structure sense, but that's fine. Some need standard books. This is not one of them. This book is eerily relevant in today's culture with college graduates living at home and being in a constant state of childhood. It's a shame that no further books were written by Toole, he would have been the top satirist of the century.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its the best app ever yea if you didnt think so I don't care I love it
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun and challenging. no problems with it running on my kindle fire. I like that as you beat games you can buy (not real money) into others to unlock more games.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|when playing you lose track of time and forget what's happening its so fun and mind boggiling that it makes your brain hurt but u learn and have fun all at the same time.
B0057VDGNK|5.0|If you have seen the movie, this soundtrack recreates the atmosphere of various scenes in the movie.  For those who haven't seen the movie yet, I advise them to go and watch it. In the meantime, buy this cd, get in the car, turn up the volume and.. drive.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I like having multiple games in one app.  Easy to play, challenge, lots of opportunity to earn points to unlock other games.
B004T4LUPW|5.0|My wife and I both use it and it keeps us on time and on track. It syncs with Google Calendar.  Love it. Love it.
1439102732|3.0|As a wannabe novelist, I am fascinated how Picoult's painstaking research is woven into the narrative about a woman whose life is driven by a desire to become a mother. In less skillful and adventurous hands, it would have been simply that: a tale of a personal voyage to motherhood. Instead, Picoult draws us into the world of a music therapist at work, the clash of values when a gay person comes out, a courtroom drama about the rights of a fetus, and much more. She never resorts to the easy way, to simply saying, for instance,  that Zoe's and Max's IVF attempts were met with failure and the failures took a toll on their marriage. That would certainly have made it a shorter book--and maybe readers would have been no more the wiser. But Picoult doesn't take the easy way, and we follow the young couple through the details of the procedure-- the medical facts, as well as the emotional ups and downs. We even follow the husband into the tiny bathroom, where he must fill a cup with his juice of life, fearful that too little will reflect on him and too much will be worse.   Drawing a picture of conflict between conservative Christian activists and gay rights activists, Picoult never takes a cheap shot, never makes one side unerringly right and the other the face of the devil. Each portrait is sympathetically drawn. The only cardboard, stereotypical character is a lawyer, who even manipulates his client in the service of victory, a victory that is being sought solely for personal aggrandizement. Judging from the number of legal experts Picoult consulted, this guy (or someone like him) exists in real life.   To make Picoult's yarn even more lifelike, the hardback comes with a CD of the original music that her character Zoe composes. (Paperback readers can download the music from the Internet at no cost.) I find two flaws in the work, the first negligible (and a little embarrassing to even mention), the second a gnawing dissatisfaction that is forgivable when balanced with theenormous accomplishments of the work.   The first is the very thing that gives the writing so much authenticity: the researched detail. I can see the writer's mind at work, carefully choosing the woof of fact to bring texture to the warp of plot. I would rather it had been more hidden. Admittedly, I was looking for it. The second was the unexplained outcome for a character who was so skillfully written that, at the end, she was (for me) a giant question mark in the center of an otherwise well-drawn ending. I miss her. I worry about her. I want to look her up on the Internet and find out what happened to her. Maybe I'll find her in another Picoult novel down the road.  In all, a stupendous effort!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This app is absolutely amazing, gives you the ability to use your computer remotely from anywhere which pretty much makes your kindle into a full computer as long as you have a good wiifi connection. ITS PERFECT FOR A TABLET BECAUSE THE LARGE SCREEN MAKES THE PROGRAM EASIER TO USE. GREAT APP, LOVE IT.
B002C6A6N6|5.0|This collection is very well presented. I would recommend it to anyone that would be interested in buying the complete 9 seasons
B000RK3JOC|5.0|An Abundance of Katherines surprised me a lot. I thought it'd be boring but it turned out to be great. I totally recommend this book.
B00004T9VY|5.0|I was weaned on Cat Stevens. Wore out the album, then wore out the cassette, then was thrilled to find this here. I now have it permanently on my IPod, where it remains one of my favorite albums alone with Teaser and the Firecat. Timeless music.
B006GG1KOC|2.0|this is the first app I have downloaded that displayed the common glitches mentioned in the negative reviews...it froze after just a couple of levels and completely locked up my kindle fire. I uninstalled it. but will be looking forward to a patch download...my daughter loved the game!!! but. come on...there really isn't any reason the glitches have not been fixed....even if it does only surface for a small portion of users...BUMMER....
B001PPLJJ0|5.0|We've watched this wonderful but tragic tale many times since we bought it. The Blu-Ray version is absolutely superb in its color, contrast and definition. There are many reviews on the story and actors/actresses, so I am just going to say this is a BR disc that definitely deserves to be in any collection.
B000AGTPUK|5.0|We have a two year old son, who loves this movie. We must have watched it at least 30 times during the holiday season.
B000I5X81K|5.0|I thought Closer was the best until I bought Awake. It remained my favorite until I bought the latest, \\"Illuminations\\", and now its almost a tie. Still, every song on this album is unique Groban; every song memorable and singable, over and over. There is no way to tire of this music and this Voice.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is a fun game app. I love that it has a bunch of different games. they are fun and challenging.
B000JLSLZQ|5.0|Aside from being one of our favorite operas and movies ever, we've just watched this again on our new big screen and it is like watching a different movie. This edition is superb in color. How could I not have known it was Gerard Butler playing the Phantom?! Definitely something to have in a Blu-ray collection, and to watch over and over again !
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is soo cool. I  wish it had more virsions of this game. when I first saw it. it looked kinda boring but then I started to play it I dealt liked it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I have killed many hours with this game, it works well with my Galaxy Tab 10.1, no force close issues.
B005K17RU0|4.0|ok not great. if you could pick and chose a broad range of features it would be a five star app. some features from weather not on this.....
B0054JZC6E|1.0|this game has a ton useless things in it. directions front even make sense sometimes. needs serious fixing. at least it was free
B0054JZC6E|3.0|fast and fun. easy game play. good for any age. I recommend buying extra points to speed up access to games. most are easy to play.
B000002MY3|2.0|I am totally disappointed by the CD provided from this seller. the CD stopped playing after the 3rd song. I replayed it and it stopped after the 4th song.
0060873027|1.0|There is lot's of science fiction out there about cloning loved ones who pass away--or using advanced cryogenics to preserve them until a cure is found for some terminal disease from which they suffer--only to find out that the replacement or reanimated loved one is some horrible abomination.  To me, this book is along those lines.    I won't go on, because the other 1-2 star reviews have said it all:  Great idea, terrible execution.  Let's let Michael rest in peace.
B006GG1KOC|5.0|Love this game! i played it with my 3 year old nephew. we had hours of educational fun. I reccomend it.
0312383436|2.0|2.5 out of 5 stars. *sigh* This was my first time reading a 'Madeleine Wickham' novel, and since I have read all of her as 'Sophie Kinsella', I thought these would be just as good. But I don't know ... I guess the way some of the characters decided take care of their secrets just rubbed me the wrong way or something, since I had to skim through some of the chapters just to keep reading, if I didn't skim through I would probably have stopped reading the book altogether. I will say I did like the ending and how the characters finally resolved their issues, and I loved the letter that Rupert read it was very sweet. In addition, I did like the fact that this book was about how to grow up and come to turns with who you truly are as a person, and once you do to stick by what you believe in. Therefore, it had a good message but the plot was a little boring and irritating for me ...<br /><br />Review By: From Me to You ... Book Reviews<br />(read more of this review and a teaser on my blog)
B006GG1KOC|4.0|My 4 yr old loved this game. I had to help describe some stuff, but you'd be surprised what they know. More for kids.
0802798225|3.0|3.5 out of 5 stars! This story is kinda like [[ASIN:B005BDZN62 West Side Story (50th Anniversary Edition) [Blu-ray]]] since you have the gangs (even though Brittany or her family isn't involved in one themselves) and the romance where everything is set up against them. I like that the book is written from both view points of the main characters! I wasn't sure I was going to like this book, mostly because I saw the author video for it (which is below) and the Brittany character was portrayed as a really flighty person, however once I started reading the book I feel in love with the main characters! They had more depth then I expected (because of the video) and I started routing for them immediately!<br /><br />Review By: From Me to You ... Book Reviews<br />(read more of this review and a teaser on my blog)
B006GG1KOC|4.0|Great for kids. They will enjoy it.very fun. I beat this game and had fun doing. play it see how fast it takes you to beat it then beat that.
B004EC5IV6|5.0|Neon Genesis Evangelion, although a flawed series originally, is considered one of the best animes ever made. Known for it's set of psychologically scarred characters, horror scenes, it's countless amount of religious symbolism, and one of the most disturbing and mind flexing endings ever, revolutionized the world of anime. The rebuild movies have completely rebooted the Evangelion trilogy, fixing countless flaws, making them some of the bets looking pieces of animation ever produced. The rebuild movies manage surpass the original flawed series in every way imaginable. They added so much to the original series, that makes the movies superior to the classic series. An example is the amount of depth added to the characters, especially Shinji, who is known as the biggest whiner in anime history. Surprisingly enough at the climax he actually gets some guts and actually fights for something HE wants, something that he never did in the original.  They even added a new mysterious character that's actually \\"normally\\" crazy, compared to the classic characters in the show who are traumatically scarred crazy. The visuals, oh boy, this movie is by far is the BEST looking anime feature film to EVER be produced. So many scenes stand out with crisp visual effects, from the evas running against time to defeat an angel, to the dramatic fights, everything looks spectacular in the remakes. This is Anno's original vision of Evangelion, this is what he wanted it to be from the start, but could not accomplish back then due to a low budget and the poor technology at the time. This is the TRUE Evangelion and I cannot wait to see where the ending will lead us.
0312641893|4.0|This book was really good but the ending frustrated me! This novel is a fresh twist on the Cinderella fairytale with a cyborg Cinderella. I love the sci-fi aspect to this book that created a whole new futuristic world for Cinder to live in. Cinder is a wonderful character who is smart and fun and willing to do anything for those she loves. I loved the different characters created in the book and especially enjoyed Prince Kai and Cinder's budding relationship. This novel really is close to the original Cinderella storyline except with a few twists. Since this is the first book in a series to come I was frustrated because I wanted to know how Cinder's story ends. However, it would seem I have to wait for the next novel to be released so that my curiosity can be satisfied. I recommend this novel to those who like sci-fi, fairytales, and dystopian novels.
B004MC8CA2|1.0|I rated this a one star to hopefully get the attention of the youversion developers. This app has the small font syndrome on the Kindle Fire. Lots of app that are not written for a tablet that I have tried on the Fire have similar problems. It makes the program only moderately useful.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is an awesome app works well on my kindle fire and the games are great for killing time. hate this 20 wore minimum. blab blab blab
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This story was great.  It was thrilling and action packed.  The life and death struggle of the characters was intense.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|I use this app frequently..  The app displays wifi signals by channel so you can use it to determine what channel to set your home wifi.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|decent games, kind of repetitive. all of the games are pretty similar but it is a decent enough time waster.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Looks great on my HTC Rezound. Really complements sky mapping apps. Interesting educational tool to show how one side of the moon is always facing the planet.
0525478817|5.0|If you're considering reading this book, you can find the first couple of chapters online since John Green read them on his youtube channel, and they will give you an idea of what to expect if you want an idea of the plot.  All of the insights and witticisms and wonderful characters only get better as it goes.  In John's own words, this book will hopefully make you feel 'all of the things!!!' and for me, anyway, it came through in spades (even though it made me cry and I have an extreme aversion to sappy things).  In short, if you're considering this at all, I can't think of any good reason not to read it.  I would recommend it to someone 15 years old or 105, someone reading for entertainment or for loftier reasons, someone to whom a plot of ill kids wrestling with the unfair way the healthy world treats them as 'other' is intimately familiar or to anyone who has ever felt 'other' at all.  I'm pretty sure that covers everyone (except for like, babies or something).
B005HSG3TC|5.0|Cover works exactly as described, the folding stand feature is really nice on flat surfaces & when you are wanting to show a youtube clip or a photo slide show! Money well spent to protect your kindle investment
B004LL1HM4|2.0|another musically talented band held back by a lack of vocal talent.  The singers voice is nasally and annoying.  It's an injustice to make comparisons to CSN (rolling stone I mean you) when CSNY is one of the best combinations of rock music and vocal skill/harmony of all time, fleet foxes are not even in the ballpark.
B005K17RU0|5.0|this app always gives me accurate weather forecasts and is also free, which is great - why should you have to pay for a weather app
B002MQYOFW|3.0|I'll be honest and say that I wanted to love this book. I was breathless with excitement when I downloaded it, and couldn't wait to start reading. With the rave reviews coming from almost everywhere I turned, right down to celebrities gushing their love for this series, I went into it with high hopes. The premise sounded fascinating. In fact, I'm pretty sure I turned to my husband and said the plot sounded \\"brilliant\\" when I first read a synopsis.<br /><br />Brilliant, it was not. It was interesting, and I strained to stay awake late at night a couple of times just to read a few more pages. But for every moment of excitement, I felt an equal moment of letdown.<br /><br />Let's face a few facts:<br /><br />~ The main character, Katniss, is dull. She is thoroughly useful, to be sure, using her skills and determination to hunt outside the Seam to feed her family (and then to outwit opponents in the Hunger Games arena), but there is nothing about her that is riveting or even relatable. She seems almost void of feeling throughout most of the book, tossing aside emotions and flitting from one mental capacity to the next without much notice. I find it hard to believe that any human being could be horrified by the thought of killing their fellow Tribute one moment and then mesmerized by their own beautiful appearance the next. These dissonances make Katniss seem silly and almost irritating at times.<br /><br />~ The writing style is frustrating. While I am all for the use of fragments to create drama and suspense, they are OVER-used in this book, to a point that is infuriating. I found myself irked within the first few paragraphs. Fragments for dramatic impact are one thing; fragments used repeatedly on every page are just insulting to the reader. I realize this is a young adult book, and I am above the intended audience age by a good decade or so. But even a teenager with average reading skills should find the continuous use of poor grammar to be unacceptable.<br /><br />~ The premise, as a whole, lacks authenticity. In order to enjoy this book, you MUST accept everything at face value. You must accept that the people of Panem are so resigned to - or, in some cases, so engaged by - the barbarism that is the Hunger Games, they never question it. In fact, in seventy-four years, not even one Tribute has questioned the mandate that they must fight to the death in this arena, until Katniss Everdeen does. Not one parent has stepped forward and tried to stop this horrific massacre from occurring. Suzanne Collins wants you to accept that the Capitol is so powerful, so impenetrable, that the districts of Panem are held under its thumb as if by a powerful drug. And, really, wouldn't they have to be drugged to behave in such a fashion?<br /><br />Without any expansion on the characters other than Katniss herself (and perhaps Peeta a little bit), the climax of the book does not reach its full potential. I would have liked to see a prologue or any type of flashback to a time before now, to get a more vivid sense of the evil that is the Capitol. The book lacks a tangible, detailed villain. That is my primary complaint. There is something to be said for a mysterious, menacing presence as a villain - as in Stephen King's \\"The Stand\\", for instance - but even in The Stand, the villain is eventually expanded upon to make him seem more real a threat.<br /><br />The Hunger Games is a good book. It's interesting. It certainly keeps the reader at rapt attention. I think the violence is too much for a young adult novel, but it is also necessary to the premise. I just wish the author had given a little more thought to human nature and not expected her readers to so willingly submit to the plot without question. Perhaps she really believes this is a representation of human nature. Based on the number of rave reviewers who can't seem to find fault with the book in any way, perhaps she is right.The premise, as a whole, lacks authenticity. In order to enjoy this book, you MUST accept everything at face value. You must accept that the people of Panem are so resigned to - or, in some cases, so engaged by - the barbarism that is the Hunger Games, they never question it. In fact, in seventy-four years, not even one Tribute has questioned the mandate that they must fight to the death in this arena, until Katniss Everdeen does. Not one parent has stepped forward and tried to stop this horrific massacre from occurring. Suzanne Collins wants you to accept that the Capitol is so powerful, so impenetrable, that the districts of Panem are held under its thumb as if by a powerful drug. And, really, wouldn't they have to be drugged to behave in such a fashion?<br /><br />Without any expansion on the characters other than Katniss herself (and perhaps Peeta a little bit), the climax of the book does not reach its full potential. I would have liked to see a prologue or any type of flashback to a time before now, to get a more vivid sense of the evil that is the Capitol. The book lacks a tangible, detailed villain. That is my primary complaint. There is something to be said for a mysterious, menacing presence as a villain - as in Stephen King's \\"The Stand\\", for instance - but even in The Stand, the villain is eventually expanded upon to make him seem more real a threat.<br /><br />The Hunger Games is a good book. It's interesting. It certainly keeps the reader at rapt attention. I think the violence is too much for a young adult novel, but it is also necessary to the premise. I just wish the author had given a little more thought to human nature and not expected her readers to so willingly submit to the plot without question. Perhaps she really believes this is a representation of human nature. Based on the number of rave reviewers who can't seem to find fault with the book in any way, perhaps she is right.
B006GG1KOC|3.0|I was playing this game and it shut off I said what the heack and if you want that then good luck!!
B005K17RU0|5.0|it gives me accurate weather reports quickly. I use it everyday before I head out for work. I recommend it for anyone that needs to know the weather now
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I like the games. Easy enough for anyone to play. How to play explanations could be a little more descriptive on some though.
B005OK722U|2.0|I had read a few good reviews of this movie before picking it up, and I guess I had my hopes set pretty high.  In the end I found myself fast forwarding through this movie just to get through it.<br /><br />Hostel part 3 never needed to be made.  Parts 1 and 2 were created to compliment each other, using male and female view points.  They weren't works of art, but Eli Roth packed them full of subtext and psycho-sexual terrors.  This movie lacks that.  Instead we get a very dull \\"torture porn\\" film that tries to be creative, but because of limited budget, ends up feeling stale and pointless.<br /><br />The main plot is simple.  A group of guys throwing a bachelor party in Vegas get caught up in some Hostel style hijinks.  Screaming and bloodletting ensues... eventually.  First we have to spend thirty minutes \\"getting to know\\" these guys.  I'll break it down for you.  We have the honest, groom to be.  The handicapped guy with a good sense of humor.  The miserable married guy who complains about his wife, and finally the rich best friend who you know is up to no good.  Throw in a few well meaning, and always fully clothed prostitutes, and a guy with a non-descript eastern European accent, and you have our cast.  The film spends thirty minutes telling the viewer what I was just able to tell you in a couple of sentences.  Did I mention that other than the handicapped guy and the groom, almost all the characters are unlikeable, and usually only communicate through dialogue that involves a constant barrage of a certain curse word that starts with an F?  Now, the actors themselves don't do a bad job.  The majority of the cast actually turns in fairly good work.  The problem is that the characters that they are stuck playing just aren't people you would want to spend any time with.  Even when you know that the majority of them are going to die in horribly violent ways.<br /><br />Once the violence does start things seem promising.  The majority of the effects are practical, and look very good... when they show them.  This movie, while still fairly graphic and gory, is probably the driest of all the Hostel films as far as blood flow goes.  Don't get me wrong, this movie is bloody, but there are more than a few moments were the camera just misses the gore pay off, and instead the audience is given a shot of blood splashing on a wall, or a lamp or something.  It also doesn't help that the set ups for the kills, while most likely intended to be creepy, come off as silly.  Mostly this is due to the overly hammy acting of the killers.  Although the \\"arrow\\" scene is fairly effective, due to some creative wardrobe choices.  In the end though, even that scene turns out to be a clunker, and feels dragged out.<br /><br />So, why did I give this two stars instead of one?  Well... The last fifteen minutes of the movie actually turned out to be okay.  Not great, mind you, and certainly not good enough to warrant picking up this film, but they were exciting, well staged, and sadly just make the first seventy five minutes look that much worse.<br /><br />Skip Hostel part 3.  There was potential in the idea behind this one, and a few interesting and well done moments, but in the end the movie is just painful to sit through, and those moments aren't worthwhile enough to sit through the rest of this train wreck.<br /><br />Oh, and whoever thought it would be a good idea to have the guys stay at a \\"stripper\\" hotel (I use the term loosely since most of the \\"strippers\\" remain fully clothed) needs to grow up.  (I'm not kidding.  There are random stripper poles all over the hotel the guys stay at.  It's so random it's comical.)en they show them.  This movie, while still fairly graphic and gory, is probably the driest of all the Hostel films as far as blood flow goes.  Don't get me wrong, this movie is bloody, but there are more than a few moments were the camera just misses the gore pay off, and instead the audience is given a shot of blood splashing on a wall, or a lamp or something.  It also doesn't help that the set ups for the kills, while most likely intended to be creepy, come off as silly.  Mostly this is due to the overly hammy acting of the killers.  Although the \\"arrow\\" scene is fairly effective, due to some creative wardrobe choices.  In the end though, even that scene turns out to be a clunker, and feels dragged out.    So, why did I give this two stars instead of one?  Well... The last fifteen minutes of the movie actually turned out to be okay.  Not great, mind you, and certainly not good enough to warrant picking up this film, but they were exciting, well staged, and sadly just make the first seventy five minutes look that much worse.    Skip Hostel part 3.  There was potential in the idea behind this one, and a few interesting and well done moments, but in the end the movie is just painful to sit through, and those moments aren't worthwhile enough to sit through the rest of this train wreck.   Oh, and whoever thought it would be a good idea to have the guys stay at a \\"stripper\\" hotel (I use the term loosely since most of the \\"strippers\\" remain fully clothed) needs to grow up.  (I'm not kidding.  There are random stripper poles all over the hotel the guys stay at.  It's so random it's comical.)
B005KELQEU|5.0|I wanted a protective cover for my wife's Kindle touch and this cover works just fine. It provides padded protection for the Kindle with room for the power cord behind it.
B0063GORYU|5.0|certainly glad they quit showing that movie trailer that was so intrusive.  now that it is gone, I love to play this game once again.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|This game is very hands on and is an upbeat game. The hexes can be placed in any random order, so the game will never be the same. When you add all the expansions and extensions the game just gets even better.
B004GYY714|5.0|I love this app!  It allows me to set presets and just listen while I do other things. I like talk radio and I can find all the stations I want to hear.  I set them as a preset then start it up while I am in the shower or cooking.  Even as the screen goes dark on the Fire, it still keeps going.  This one is a keeper.
0525478817|5.0|I spent all day reading this, and only took breaks to eat and go to the bathroom. I haven't done that with a book since Harry Potter, and that is really saying something.   It's dark and funny and painstakingly honest and bleak... But hopeful too. So hopeful.  So often romances in YA novels can seem contrived or based solely on physical attraction regardless of the characters' actual merit... But somehow John Green, I think for the first time in one of his books, really captured a couple who felt a true and deep love. These characters are so special, and they will stay with me for the rest of my life.
B0063IH60K|5.0|play it ever change I get I have a hand held one I take with me when I go on a trip.
0062082353|5.0|This book should be in the top 5 \\"must reads\\" of anyone interested in the SEALS or special operations in general.  It is the first book which details not only how operational tempo affects the operators but the family themselves. Chris is an encompassing story teller and no nonsense when detailing how things actually go down when your the one with boots on the ground.
B006GG1KOC|5.0|this was perfect for my child, my child who is in PreK could see the differences, and i recomened this app for PreK students.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is really fun and kills time. it will keep you busy because all the games included. i love this game.
B0063GORYU|4.0|The game itself is good, I would personally like to see more options for displays, decks, etc. overall a good game.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|these games are not well known, but fun and addicting nonetheless! I have been playing for over half an hour!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|bchfhf yrydyd hfhfhd hdgdgd hdgdydc. yydydgdhd hf u hcu u j I I j I ivj j.  thy hjj h? ))))  gfdd Hughes
B0063IH60K|5.0|Exactly as described.  Easy enough for my 8 year old to play.  I like the auto complete feature, as well.
B0058VW36U|1.0|I love this game because I also have it on my itouch. but otherwise it is great for everybody and every age! so play with your family,  friends.
B000DN6ZGC|5.0|I really appreciate how quickly the CD was delivered. Just as described, great experience. Thanks! AAA+++ Highly recommend this seller.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i like it! it is very fun!! (i am mostly doing this for the points!) my favorite game! who ever is reading this should get the game!
B0063GORYU|5.0|This game is fun to play. I played just about every day. It's very easy to understand how to play.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|Has amazing graphics on my fire and its enjoyable to play. The new bird is pretty cool, its almost like a puffer fish. But anyways if you like the angry birds franchise I suggest you download this application. Rovio did an outstanding job yet again.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|good game! really addictive though! its kind of difficult to gain a lot of points so be prepared to work for them.
B0043URV5U|5.0|This compilation of Bob Seger hits is worth it's weight in gold. It offers a chance to listen to his best work at one sitting, and this is the best!
B0052UZIFA|1.0|Does not work on android 4.0 It starts but then freezes during game play. You need to reinstall to get it to work again.
1439153663|5.0|The author fleshes our her characters and beautifully illustrates where they are, what they are doing without wasting a single word.  For me, as a reader, this is the highest compliment I personally can pay an author.  The Kitchen House, is a book you will take to your heart.  Perhaps because it was written from the heart.
B005OYKI1I|4.0|Slow to get going but after that.... lots of bullets, fast cars, screaming tires, car chases, explosions, car crashes. Hardly need the sound to be on as dialogue is nothing to write home about but was dialogue even expected??? For what it is, it was fine.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|This is an excellent documentary that shows how a small elite of very wealthy sociopaths composes and controls the government of the US at the expense of the rest of the populace.   It should be required viewing for all citizens of the US before each election.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is a great app.  It is easy to use, has many options,  and a variety of ways it can be played.
B0063IH60K|5.0|typical solitaire game, has basic options. I started with the winning deal, now I use the random for more challenge.  excellent time waster...and I mean that in a good way!
B005TKC2P2|2.0|Reading Kafka on th Shore was like getting stuck in a conversation with a quirky stranger on the train. Interesting at first but very soon you wish it would end.   Murakami spoils an interesting story, philisophical concepts and characters with amature dialogue and by over explaining every detail. He would do well to learn the art of the unstated; show don`t tell. The writing is not beautiful to read, difficult to get lost in and often annoying. He even explains his plot techniques in the story. For example, that the entrance stone has no special powers, it is just the physical object in the story that appears in order to progress the plot, or telling us that the protagonist will sleep with his mother just like a Greak tragedy.   The words ominous, metaphorical and imagination are over used; he is trying too hard to be deap and meaningful without the meaning flowing naturally through the story.   There are a lot of sexual references that read like a 15 year old's simplistic diary. It works ok for the main character but is too awkward elsewhere.
0446547654|1.0|I'm not a Nicholas Sparks fan and after reading \\"The Best of Me\\", I am even less fond of his works.  The story was predictable and overly sappy.  I felt that I needed to give myself an insulin injection each time I sat down to read it.  The ONLY reason I read it is because a fellow book club member chose it as our January selection.  She said she picked it because it was on the NYTimes Bestseller list (a crappy reason to selecT a book).  I advise you NOT to waste your money purchasing the book nor your time reading it.  It is definitely a Lifetime Movie book. HORRIBLE!!!
0439023521|5.0|This book takes a good look at the route our culture is taking, turning murder into a sport for live entertainment. Couldn't put it down, and I can't wait to finish this series.
0525478817|5.0|What a brilliant book. It was funny, depressing, hopeful, wonderful, and just downright impressive. Kudos, John Green. You have a talent unlike any other. Thank you for this book. Thank you.
0439023513|2.0|*SPOILER ALERT*<br /><br />What I didn't like:<br /><br />-Characters turned into unforgiving adults. The personalities went from intelligent, compassionate, resilient young adults to Navy Seal PTSD. I realize this is a war-time book but it completely shattered the story for me. I finished the book depressed and hopeless despite her lame attempt at an epilogue.<br /><br />-To many characters were introduced to die. I feel like Collins introduced a lot of characters for the sole purpose of attaching the audience and then killing them off in the name of WAR. This was not her style and it made me feel numb the longer I read.<br /><br />-The creativity and passion that I could sense at the beginning of the book with the Quarter Quell and the twist and turns that made the games exciting did not continue. At a point in the book I started getting upset because you knew something bad was going to happen every chapter.<br /><br />-Everdeen turned into a shell of her former character much like I said earlier. She was selfish, emotional, and most of the time on drugs in a hospital bed or posing for a camera. I didn't feel attached or even sorry for her this book. Just annoyed.<br /><br />What I liked:<br /><br />-The Games at the beginning of the book really took off well. I loved the creativity she put into getting the victors back in the Games without making it seem like a repeat.<br /><br />-The \\"Real or Not Real\\" was cool. I'm glad that they tried to humanize Peeta, despite crushing his character to pieces early on.<br /><br />In Conclusion- I just wanted to read a book that made me hopeful or encouraged. I did not expect such a morbid ending to such a well-written series. I realize most people find this bittersweet conclusion very witty and realistic but I just found it anachronistic to the character's personalities and a little unwholesome.
B000DWMYQ8|4.0|This movie is great! Happens to be one of my sister's favorites, so it made a wonderful Christmas present. :)
0393057658|3.0|The book is kind of slow going with subject changes all around and time changes too.  I found it less entertaining than Lewis' other work (e.g. The Big Short & Boomerang)
B001LF3YQK|4.0|This case is a definite upgrade from the cheap plastic case I've been using that came in a travel changing kit. I can fit a ton of wipes in it (which is great since I have two kids in diapers), they stay moist, and the slide mechanism is very handy.
B006FPFTMS|5.0|I read the other reviews and I was reluctant to buy this app. One star, three times in a row. Still, these guys made the program for Windows, which I like a lot. I decided to take a risk. It works wonderfully on my Asus Transformer. And on my Atrix. As good as ReploGo, maybe a little better. (Perhaps Amazon and B&amp;New departed too much from the Android standard?)<br />Five very well deserved stars.
B0068RHGJM|2.0|Having been an avid Nightwish fan since first hearing \\"Wishmaster\\" in 2001, I came into this CD with a bit of trepidation. I openly admit to being a huge fan of Tarja, and her split with the band has had a greater impact, at least to me, than I initially thought... that being said, whilst I prefer Tarja, Annette's voice is pleasant and on certain songs her style is more well suited than Tarja's. OK, on to the actual review of \\"Imainaerum\\".  After listening to this CD three times completely through, I cannot find myself growing to like it as a whole. Certain songs are catchy enough (\\"Storytime\\", \\"Ghost River\\"), but as a whole I feel this album to be far more akin to \\"Night Castle\\" by Transibberian Orchestra than \\"Century Child\\", my personal Nightwish favorite. The power seems more stylized than raw and overwhelming; everything sounds more down to earth and less epic than before.   I understand that Tuomas feels this to be the natural evolution of the band, and as such I wish him well, but I for one will no longer follow the band if this is the route they continue on. This has little to do with the vocalist and more to do with the overall sound and feeling I get from the music.  So, for now, farewell Nightwish. Perhaps in the future you'll produce another album that will fill me with wonder and joy like \\"Century Child\\", but \\"Imaginaerum\\" is not that album.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|play it all the time, at home during, school I have gotten.my kindle taken away twice cause of this game!
0756404738|5.0|I recieved my copy extremely quick! Now I cant put it down! I love this book as well as the first, and I can't wait for the next!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|this an okay game, I would not pay for it though. the only way you should get it is if it is free
B0054JZC6E|4.0|lots of fun different games. controls for some are a little frustratingly sticky. all keep your brain working tho. fun.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|awesome &agrave;aaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwsssssssssssssssoooooooooooooooooooommmmmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee totally wicked dudes &agrave;aaaaaaaaa sssassssssssssss. sssssssss oooooooooooooommmmmmmmm eeeeeeeeeeeeejiejeike eiejd djdjd end dbhdj dudhhd duhrhurbdhd urhd. dudbf ruhdj hdjuuhppp
B002MQYOFW|1.0|This book is disgusting. I found it not only gross but offensive to kids. Allowing a young girl to stand naked in front of her handlers and have them scrutinize her is akin to child porn... It's not only the nudity but the depicted violence.  I love a good fantasy violence book like Lord of the Rings or the like.So it shouldn't of bothered me.. but the way it was portrayed in Hunger Games was almost sadistic.   Collins writes steamy novels for adults..Her style and images are NOT good for young impressionable girls who care about self respect and brains.  Parents beware.   My 11 year old daughter received this as a gift. I read it before she got her hands on it (she was reading a decent book, Book #5 in Chronicles of the Imaginarium Geographica Series by James A. Owens). When I told her the plot, she said throw it out!!   Kids being used as pigs sent to slaughter...pitted against each other for the enjoyment of the the \\"higher class\\"..reminded me of rooster coc-fighting...barbaric and cruel.  So it went to the used book store and she got a Mysterious Benedict Society book instead. Young people in positive friendships  solving mysteries against an evil wanna-be overlord.
B006GG1KOC|4.0|my girlfriend and I played this game while eating dinner . there were about 10 sets that had us confused. very awesome little game for free. if I had a kid I would even had paid for it. :)
B003L77FYS|5.0|For a series that essentially began as a sitcom, this season takes a distinct turn toward the dark side. It plumbs the grim implications of a civilian in America's biggest police force in a way prior seasons have only hinted at, while finding new and inventive ways to keep Beckett and Castle apart. And it ratchets the backstory of Beckett's mother up to a true and unexpected, but completely satisfying, level.<br /><br />That's not to say that it loses the characteristic humor that drew many viewers into the series in the first place. Frenetic Castle and buttoned-down Beckett continue bouncing zingers off one another in a way that emphasizes their innate culture clash. And one of the season's darkest moments is also the funniest, when sitcom queen Laura Prepon plays an actress playing Beckett, distorting her character almost beyond recognition.<br /><br />Watching the first season, I probably never would have anticipated the directions this show would take by the third season. Yet for all its twists and turns, they all seem earned and appropriate. Where many shows of this stripe could have devolved into mere manic silliness by this point (think Psych), Castle has matured into a show that respects its audience enough to challenge their expectations.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|this game is ok. it kills time and that's about it. the games are very short and more for a younger age group.
B006GG1KOC|3.0|my seven year old daughter finished the game in under 30 minutes. she understood the differences. entertaining for her too.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|pretty fun app. takes a while to unlock games but it is sn ok game. keeps you busy. try it
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i love this game. but i think it should have a replay button, whenever you end a game. but otherwise its pretty good
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book sucked me in from the start.  I had no idea what it was about, so I was extremely surprised by the plot.  It is like no other book that I've read.  It is not a feel-good book by any means, but it is still am awesome read.
B0055SWM08|5.0|An engaging game. Well worth the money. Hard to put down. I hope the game continues to evolve and develop.
B006GG1KOC|5.0|Amusing! Real cute if you're 5 or 6 yr old, any older than that, i'm sure that it might get a bit repeatitive!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|This is my favorite collection of material from Kelly Clarkson since Breakaway.  It is intense, singable and showcases her beautiful voice.  I am a 40-something, and I think her vocal style is timeless, even if the actual songs are very contemporary.  I believe this artist has a long and varied career ahead of her.  I have been a fan of Kelly's from the beginning, but since Breakaway, I have mostly just downloaded a couple of her songs here and there.  It should be noted that, while a fan, I probably would not have bought this entire album, except for her public support of Ron Paul!    That statement inspired me to support her by purchasing the album.  I am glad I did--it was worth every dollar, and I'm proud to give Kelly a boost for her brave political statement!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it's good to be a free game of course. the sensing for touch during gameplay could use some improvement for dure
B004LWZWBU|5.0|I wrote a review on the book \\"The Big Year\\" by Mark Obmasick back on March 26,2004 and gave it 5 *'s.Little did I think at that time that the book would be turned into a movie.I went to the movie the first night it played at my local theatre ,here in Mississauga,Ontario.(Suburb of Toronto).I have been a serious Birder for over 20 years and have a Life List Of 602 for North America and 407 for Ontario,so it's pretty easy to relate to what this book and movie is all about.Although I do not have the fanatical inclination,resources or a marriage that would allow me to entertain the idea of a Big Year for North America.Roger Tory Peterson and James Fisher did one in 1953.They were on the road for 100 days,covered 30,000 miles and saw 600 bird species.They wrote about their experiences in a book  \\"Wild America\\" published in 1955.It remains a Birding Classic.The biggest Year List I embarked on was when I got 301 in a year in Ontario.Jan 1-Dec 31).<br /> I enjoyed the movie very much.It followed the book fairly closely.However,there are several places where it is exaggerated,but this is understandable,being a movie to be enjoyed by people who are not Birders.The 3 main characters in the movie are fairly close to the ones in the book,but the names have been changed.I am sure people who are not even Birders at all will enjoy it.I looked around and could not identify any Birders in the audience,but it got a lot of laughs.Let's face it,the movie had to have a lot of comic aspects if it hoped to get wide appeal.After all,that is what is expected from Steve Martin.<br /> The movie might be somewhat disappointing to someone who hoped to learn much about birds or birding.However ,birders will see a lot in the film that will remind them of themselves,experiences they have had,and many places they have visited,though over many years.<br /> If this movie and/or book has got your interest and you would like to nnpow more about it.I highly recommend \\"The Feather Quest\\" a book by Pete Dunne .See my review dated October 23,2003.It's excellent!!review dated October 23,2003.It's excellent!!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I got this ap for free, but even without the deal I probably would have paid for it. Smooth connection and it has yet to drop or lag overmuch. Excellent utility ap.
B004LWZW4W|5.0|Thanks this product arrived very fast, thanks hope the movie is great heard it was an amazing film. and again this came very fast im still surprised.
B002ZG99CC|3.0|I grew up watching the old karate kid, so this was a let down from the start. I recommend to see if you have the chance, but wouldn't go out of my way to own.
B004LWZW4W|3.0|I had high expectations for this movie, but was really disappointed. Thought it may be a continuation of the series \\"Planet of the Apes\\"
0810989956|5.0|I bought this book for my younger cousin.  When I received it I flipped through it to make sure it was age appropriate. I found myself wishing I had a book like this.  Alot of cute questions for kids to answer. I hope he holds on to it, as it will be funny to read what he thought of when he was 7.
B000HIVIOW|5.0|A winner for viewers of all ages! Such a change from today's loud and violent media, this will entertain and relax.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I have enjoyed Spider Solitaire for many years and am thrilled to find such a good implementation of it available for my new Kindle Fire.  Try it and enjoy.
B00006L9X7|5.0|Singing in the Rain is one of the best musicals ever filmed.  I enjoy watching this musical a lot.  This is a most see movie.  The plot, the music, the characters, everything is here to enjoy.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|This is one of the best books that I have ever picked up! It has taken me a while to get through it, and I am almost finished with it now. I cannot wait to get home everyday from work to continue! Very good story. I will be sad when it is over.
B004L53MAA|5.0|My son love this! Big time rush fan!The UK version has more song than the US Version.I think some are remixed version.
B004O3YGMC|3.0|I have used it both on internal networks and corporate networks.  I worry about security because it is not secured by anything but username and password and pin.  Be careful what you use it for if security is important because it is not secure.  Other than that, it is very responsive, easy to use and I will use it.  If it was secure I would rate it 5 stars, but until then I give it 3.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|This is an excellent series that anyone can get into. The characters are well developed, the changes from the graphic novel are acceptable and help general audiences get into the series just as much as fans. If you want to see the best TV series out to date, give The Walking Dead a try!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Really fun, I think it's cool that you have to unlock games. Works well on the Kindle Fire, the graphics look clear and bright! Definerely recommend this game!
159562015X|5.0|Great book. Helped me find my hidden potentials. It's also vey interesting.  The online quiz was also good, and you can read about your strenghts in the wesite, as well.
0307959856|3.0|There are always books that make you sad when you have finished reading them. You miss the characters and feel sad that you won't know what happens after the story is over. For me, it was always Scarlett O'Hara in \\"Gone With the Wind\\". She was just so outrageous and unpredictable to me. I was curious what she would do next. And, of course, would she and Rhett ever get back together? I know there have been books discussing that very scenario but I have never picked up one.    I wish I hadn't picked this book up. It's just I love P.D. James writing so much. I thought if anyone could make a go out of it, it would be her. And she tried so hard. But the fact remains that it's just imitation. James says in her author's notes that Austen would not want her characters involved in murder and, if she had, she would have done it better. How true the words are. It would have been like Jane Austen turning her hand to an Adam Dalgliesh mystery. It just wouldn't have worked. That's why the Rex Stout book were a failure after his death. There's nothing like the original.
B002ZG99NG|2.0|I was really looking forward to redeeming the code for the digital copy in order for me to have this great movie in my computer collection. When I tried reedeming the code it told me that it had expired since mid-December 2011. I believe this is unfair, because i bought right around that time, and usually we are allowed to redeem codes at least months after purchase.  I am really dissapointed.
B004SDEP38|4.0|I really like this app. It is easy to use and has never lets me down. My documents look great!
B0000BWVCJ|5.0|The item came in a few days and it was in its new great condition!!! It was a great Black Friday price!!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|All and all this is a pretty decent download, I mean after all its free and there's over a hundred different games. Definitely something for everyone.
B0013TTLDE|3.0|I had this book on my Wish List for quite a long time.  Received a Kindle for my birthday and decided it would be one of the first books I'd buy.  I have to say this is not \\"The Forgotten Garden.\\"  I was so immersed in that book that I can't bear to take it to the 1/2 price bookstore.  I was so anxious to start \\"The House at Riverton,\\" but as many reviewers have written, it just didn't have the attention grabbing detail that \\"Garden\\" held.  I read it in little over a day so obviously there was enough to keep me interested, but it jumped back and forth a bit more than I would have liked. The ending somehow didn't make a lot of sense to me either.  I also hoped that \\"Grace's\\" heritage would have been made known to the girls or that she would have finally been acknowledged by her real father.  I'm not sorry I bought and read it, but was just a bit sad that it didn't hold up to the same level as \\"Forgotten Garden.\\"
1594481717|2.0|Hey. I am one of the more right-side-of-the-brain people, and I honestly don't like this fishy smelling book. I sincerely could not say exactly why except maybe because I'm just not into ruling the world. Also this book reads too much like dry history or business textbooks I read in the 70s. They too had a dried and salty fish smell from too many assumptions.  After hurting my jaw trying to chew on this book for one day, my stomach began to hurt, and I finally tossed this book back into a public library building. It's too young or too dead to have enough meat on it, or to be be digested well.  If you need more of a 'left-brain' review than this one, you could read other \\"I don't like\\" this book contributions. I ditto them.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is really fun but you have to keep buying and buying and buying things until u complete them
B004EQAVHI|4.0|I bought the movie because I'd read and loved the book, and I found the movie very well-acted and the plot was very close to that of the book. It's a little bit slow in spots but overall I enjoyed it and thought it was well done.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is without a doubt the best free app I have ever got. lido's!!!!! I absolutely love this. I love unlocking new levels and games! stayed up all night playing. good choice to get this app.
B004XXIHS2|5.0|I've loved Ira Levin's book Rosemary's Baby ever since I first read it probably 40 years ago. After I re-read it most recently, I decided to see what else he had written and I stumbled across A Kiss Before Dying. I'd heard of a couple of movies made of it in the past but never seen one and didn't know who had written it.  I enjoyed the book alot, it's one of them that I probably will re-read occasionally over the years like I do Rosemary's Baby.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Pretty good game really fun when u have nothing to do even if some games are boring I reccomend this game
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is the best. it is challenging and fun. you should get it. I love this game. get out now. please
B006GG1KOC|5.0|This was a really fun game to play and I enjoyed it very much! I recommend this app to little kids because its really educational and very alternative.
B006E0PVI6|5.0|I APPRECIATE THE SHIPPER - COLLEGE STUDENT - THEY DID A SUPER JOB - VERY QUICK.I WAS SURPRISED HOW FAST THE SHIPMENT GOT TO ME.  WELENE GOLLER
B0058VW36U|5.0|I don't get why people don't like it, but I think it is one of the best games so far. it is a good game when you have nothing to do, it keeps you intertained.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is  awesome...such a fun collection of games! very glad that I downloaded this app. I reccommend it to everybody!
0670022705|5.0|This book is truly one of the most amazing and wonderful books I have come upon in quite a while.  I had listened to the original BBC podcast of the same title, so I was already familiar with the style and content of this book.  However, I was very happily surprised at how fresh the book felt even having already heard the podcast.  The scholarship and elegance found in this book are quite an accomplishment and an absolute delight to share in by reading.  Neal MacGregor's style is immediately engaging.  I am not generally a history buff, and yet I couldn't put down this 700 page non-fiction book on world history!  The book is crafted in a way to show how artifacts from our distant past still have impact on the world we live in today.  While the book is very erudite, it includes quirky anecdotes, light humor, and many surprises.  It feels smart, but never tedious, condescending, or preachy.  I have learned more from this one book about our history and our world today than I did from years of high school history classes.  Sad in a way, but true.    MacGregor has carefully selected historical objects from the entire world, not just Europe and the Middle East, as is so commonly the case.  MacGregor has also mindfully selected a diversity of objects from a diversity of cultures and socio-economic classes. Not only did I learn about the ancient history of China, India, and the Americas, but I saw an interconnectedness of history and the cultures that exist today.   The book itself is also very nicely done.  Each of the 100 chapters includes at least one full-page photograph of the object, and many chapters have multiple pictures from different views, or pictures of related objects.  Each chapter is about 5 pages of text, which is enough to be informative without feeling like a college textbook. There is also maps and lists of objects at the conclusion of the book.    I recommend this book without any reservations.  Regardless of your interest in world history today, this book will drawn you into history before you realize it has already happened.  The book is a little pricey at a glace, but you are really getting a book to cherish and thoroughly enjoy for a long time.  I have no regrets having purchased the book (and for considerably more than the Amazon price).
B0019GO5C8|5.0|I purchased this movie for my daughter for Christmas and she loved it.  It isn't new to her but she wanted a copy to keep and I was glad to do that for her.  I am glad you had it.
0596809158|5.0|I have many books on programming in various languages. This one is probably in my top 3! It's so clear and breaks everything you want to do into 'recipes', aka snippets of code with explanation. I wish the book was longer since I learned so much and still have more to learn. Hopefully he writes an intermediate level book (if he hasn't already?).
0823015033|5.0|This is a fantastic text-book quality book. It covers everything from what tools and clay to buy through how to finish your work with paints and glaze. She moves from mastering basic shapes, to nudes, to creating clothing. Everything is clearly illustrated with step-by-step directions. This is the perfect manual for anyone who wants to elevate their skills and an exceptional value for the price.
B002SSUQFG|5.0|I have done my fair share of research when it comes to watches and for the price this timepeice is unbeatable.  I barely lose any time on my watch AND IF YOU READ THE INSTRUCTIONS, it is very easy to opperate.  If you are looking for something that is comfortable, light weight, reliable, and budget sensative you are going to be happy with the Seiko 5.  But don't take my word for it, try it for yourself!
0891349553|5.0|I love this book. It is exactly what the title says; an instructional book for sculpting realistic animals. So many of the books for sculptors using polymer clay are incomplete and leave you with a product suitable only for giving to your school-age relatives; this manual is absolutely NOT that. It is text-book quality for an extremely reasonable price. Life-Like Animals takes you from the very beginning - Different types of clays available and their properties, tools that are necessary and those that not essential but make life easier, proper baking methods etc. - through refined sculpting and finishing techniques.<br /><br />I purchased this book at the time time as [[ASIN:0823015033 Creating Lifelike Figures in Polymer Clay: Tools and Techniques for Sculpting Realistic Figures]] and I assumed the section on clay and tools would be the same, recycled for use in this book. Surprisingly, though the intro to clay section is pretty much the same, there is new material in the tools section, including different methods for doing the some of the same tasks and a couple of tools not covered in her other book.
B004XDYJRU|5.0|Great app in its own right and kudos to the developer for keeping the updates here parallel with Android market.
0786955570|5.0|Really great product!!!!!! not only you feel like you are playing the rpg modules, but it also bring a lot of fun in the replay experience!!!!
B004T4LUPW|5.0|Cant access all calendars software just hangs on blank screen when picking calendars. App works great on ipad not on kindle fire  UPDATE  Customer service is great, NEXT DAY RESPONCE to my email. It was a setup error, explained in email.  SOFTWARE WORKS GREAT!  I now use my fire as a \\"day planner\\"  I have access to my calendars on the go! Software syncs when I attach to network.  If you use multiple calendars this app is for you.  ANOTHER UPDATE  I now have this app on my iPhone, iPad, and kindle fire.  I use it every day. Since it is available on both Apple and Android platforms I always have access to all my calendars. Customer service is great. Upgrades have even made this product have made it even better. I have shown to all my iPad and kindle fire owners and most have immediately purchased this app.  Good stuff!
0786958731|5.0|Great Product, it bring the fun of the novels to play !!!! you feel like you are actually living the story !!!!
B005HSG3VK|5.0|I Love it! Holds the Kindle very well and can set up in back too. I have recommended this one to my friends all ready.
B006GG1KOC|5.0|pretty good for a kid makes u think. i even had to for a few of tthem. i like thinking games.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|addicting stupid games!  lots of points to buy all the games, but over all not too bad of an app
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun way to spend time. keeps you busy and my kids love it. many different. games and it'd nice that the more you play the games the more coins you get.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is awesome, cool, amazing, fun, exciting. it is awesome, cool, amazing, fun, exciting. it is awesome, cool, amazing, fun, exciting. it is awesome, cool, amazing, fun, exciting. it is awesome, cool, amazing, fun, exciting. it is awesome, cool, amazing, fun, exciting. it is awesome, cool, amazing, fun, exciting.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I received my Kindle Fire for Christmas.  Then I spent literally hundreds of hours reading reviews of different covers as part of my decision making in choosing a cover.  I actually purchased two covers, the Marware leather cover and the microshell cover.  When they arrived I was in a quandary because I liked them equally well.  I first decided to keep both and use the microshell cover when I went camping.  My rationale was that it is a little lighter and thinner but mostly that the cover might resist harmful effects of moisture better.  In actuality the leather case would resist moisture just as well.  But I was looking for a reason to keep both cases!  The microshell cover is very slim and lightweight.  It is easy to snap the device into the cover, and the device stays in firmly.  I did not experience any issues with placing my Kindle Fire in a horizontal position.  It is very simple to fold the cover back and place the edge into the groove on the back so that the device is propped up in viewing position.  The cover works perfectly to hold the device in place.  I like the contemporary styling of the case.  It is very sleek and clean.  I only had one problem with the case.  On the bottom near the on/off button, at the end of the groove, the corners of the groove were quite sharp points that stuck me every time I reached for the button.  Upon close examination I saw that someone appeared to have scraped the polycarb with a blade.  I sent the cover back and requested a replacement.  The replacement arrived promptly, and the issue was resolved.  I could see that the second cover also had a small \\"scraped\\" area, but it appears to just be a smoothing of the edge in that area, part of the manufacturing process.  It is my belief that the first cover's smoothing down just went a bit awry.   The interior of the cover is nice and velvety and soft, good protection for the glass.  I like the elastic strap and use it to hold the device closed both when I am finished reading andsometimes when I am using my Kindle Fire with the cover folded back just to hold the cover tightly out of the way.    I spent almost a month trying out my Kindle Fire in both my covers, and I finally, reluctantly, came to the conclusion that I truly only need one cover.  I decided to go with the leather cover and am returning the microshell cover for a refund.  But I want to be clear that I only did so because of a desire to keep my life less cluttered and simpler.  I want both covers, but I only need one.  And who knows?  There may come a point in the future that I decide to order the microshell yet again!  I definitely give it five stars despite the fact that I didn't keep it.  No one would make a mistake to choose this cover to protect his or her Kindle Fire.
B0045JEPXU|5.0|Great CD, got here quickly, brand new, no complaints! All the songs on it are really fun and great to dance to.
B004SJ3BCI|3.0|Honestly I do like Angry Birds........ and it never gave me any problems. But to me it's not that fun. :/ Kinda thought it would be more fun. :)
B004VMUS9G|1.0|The alarm has almost no sound. Its as if a gnat were whispering to you from accross the room. If it wasn't for that alone, I would love it.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Lots of fun. No downloading problems. Beautiful graphics! It is totally addicting and easy to learn how to play. Great play...great price.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Wonderful app provides great tools and access to community. I would recommend this to novice bible readers as well as bible teachers and pastors.
0439023513|1.0|I've had a couple days to reflect after reading Mockingjay, and I've decided on what my reason was for disliking it. I agree that it was a litte slow, but I actually liked it up until the point where the parachute bombs were dropped. I had no problems with losing characters and even with Peeta being in a dark state, because I was certain that it was leading up to a resolution. The road to the end may not be pretty, and it will involve the loss of beloved characters along the way, but these are the kinds of sacrifices that must be made for the greater good. Instead, the last 3 or so chapters of the book made it seem like the whole book, or really the whole series, was not worth the sacrifices made.  Collins spends great detail throughout the series setting up the final battle between the Capitol and those who are fighting against its injustices. She spends so much time in the 3rd book going over every minor detail of what the characters do, what they eat, when they sleep, etc. during their time in District 13. Finally near the end of the book they are moments away from the big showdown with Snow and the Capitol. The momentum that had been building over the series was leading to this point. Gale gets captured and Katniss is separated from the rest of her team, but that keeps the excitement building, making you wonder how this battle will go down with all the sudden complications. And then all of a sudden, Prim blows up and Katniss wakes up who knows how long later and it's all over? We get like a paragraph summary of what happened while Katniss was knocked out. No in depth details on the overthrow of Snow, how Gale escaped capture, how Peeta managed to make it to the Square. Really? After 900+ pages of setting that up, we don't even get to see how it all goes down? I've made peace with the losses and darker points of the story. But the readers deserved to see how it happened, and maybe that would have made those losses sting less. If we could have seen how it ultimately led to their enemies being taken down and their goal being realized. But she barely even gets into what happened with the government after Snow was taken down. Wasn't that the point of the whole series???  Also, pretty much all of the relationships that were so carefully built through the series were dessimated in the end, with little explanation. She focused so much on how Katniss and Haymitch had come to love Peeta, and yet when it's all over, Haymitch just disappears back into drunken oblivion. Really? What was the point of the locket Peeta gave Katniss in Book 2, showing all of these people she had left to live for? They weren't there for her in the end. She had no one except for Peeta, and she didn't seem terribly thrilled about him or their children either.  Ultimately, if this is made into a movie, I sincerely hope that the movie would focus less on them twiddling their thumbs down in 13 and get to the Capitol faster, show how the final battle goes down, and leave more time at the end to tie up the loose ends and show how the characters and Panem are rebuilt after the battle. I was so disappointed after reading this book because I felt like I lost something so precious to me. I had a series to be excited about, characters to love, and a story that captivated me. All that was blown away in about 20 pages that made me think it was not even worth it to get invested in this series in the first place.
B0042EJD8A|5.0|Having grown up near one of the Wyoming fracking locations reported on, this movie is quite chilling. It's obvious that many underground aquifers and above ground watersheds will soon have or are already have undrinkable, unusable water. That goes for the area where I grew up which formerly had delicious water. On a visit home I should have realized something was wrong when I opened up my parents' refrigerator and saw a lot of bottled water on the shelf. It's not simply a matter of cleaning up contaminated sites left over from fracking. Due to the underground location of the contaminants they will be impossible! to clean up or remove. This is permanent! Any saving of energy will be more than counterbalanced by the enormous number of trucks, etc. necessary to supply people with useable and drinkable water after their wells are contaminated. In one of the extras on this disc a fracking company employee tells a local person that the fracking waste they are dumping is 'organic.\\" Benzene(which causes cancer and bone marrow failure) is an organic(carbon-based)chemical! So are cyanide, butane, methane, gasoline, etc.! Organic farming is farming without chemicals. Organic waste includes all kinds of carcinogens and poisons. Organic has more than one meaning!!!  Due to methane in the water the EPA recommended that one family open up all of the windows when they showered to lessen the possibility of an explosion. That might be uncomfortable in a winter climate where the temperature often goes below zero.
B006OOHYIC|4.0|The UI is too cookie cutter (menu items and such) and slightly annoyed that it relaunches whenever switching between apps. Still an entertaining game nonetheless.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love the game so much fun consumes a lot of time its a must have app download now come on
B004UID2LC|5.0|it works great on kindle fire. now i don't have to be connected to wifi to watch videos or listen to music ( plus it is kind of a free way to get music). i don't know y people are having trouble with it
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|this is the best game ever. its better than seasons and Rio but it needs more levels but its good.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|Exactly what I wanted as a Christmas present for my wife, and she loved it.  Personally I think he's better than Sinatra, and unlike current performers who get pained expressions to feign intensity, he actually looks as if he's enjoying himself while he's singing.
B004SBS8LA|4.0|the app is amazing but it needs a free version, come on amazon make a free angry birds Rio app.
B0063IH60K|5.0|It does what it says, clean and nice. I like ice cream. How about you? It tastes so good when it hits your lips.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|good great good great good brest good great goof ffgh ggfxc ddggcdd hffddc effrontery dggc fdtgc ddrtg dggfe ddtgdscdf dfygcf
0446573019|4.0|I've never read anything by Lee Child so I have no opinion as to whether or not this novel is a rip-off of his works.  And it certainly wouldn't be the first time that two books of the same genre had similarities in plot and/or main characters.  Either way I can only judge this book on its own merits.  Whether it's from Baldacci or any of a number of authors of similar novels, I want a story that holds my interest, has an interesting mix of characters and one in which the author throws some unexpected twists into the plot.  In general, I want an enjoyable read.    Baldacci, in my opinion, has been inconsistent in recent years.  And, yes, this story includes some predictable moments and definitely some implausible scenarios.  All that being said, it was a fun read. I see a lot of negative reviews on Amazon but let's face it - this is not serious literature. If that's what you're looking for I'd skip this one.  But if you want to enjoy a quick page-turner, one that is far and above anything that James Patterson has produced in years, then this one is worth your time.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a very addictive app and the only reason.I'm doing this is so I can get some points so that's enough and this.app is great
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is pretty good there in nothing really wrong with it so please just lower the prices.  hi bye hops
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Very addictive and fun! Nice way to &quot;waste&quot; time! Has a nice variety of games as well. And it's free!
1604443499|1.0|I recently purchased this edition of Homage to Catalonia to replace an old copy that had been ruined.  Homage to Catalonia is an excellent book (I am not going to comment on the content as others have done so). I highly recommend purchasing it, just not this edition.  Overall it is one of the worst jobs of proofing that I have ever encountered.  There is not a page that goes by where one does not encounter a typo of some kind.  The random period (or lack of one) and the miss-use of punctuation are annoying.  However, most distracting are the constant \\"wrong words.\\"  For example on page 30 the word \\"fed\\" is used instead of \\"feel\\" in the sentence \\"... made us feel that the Spanish...\\"  This makes the book incredibly difficult to read for someone familar with the text; one can only imagine what it would be like for someone who is encountering this book for the first time.  What in my mind is so frustrating is the fact that there is an original text to cross-reference, and these typos are so blatant that anyone reading the text would easily pick up on the mistakes.  Obviously the publisher has no interest in releasing a quality product.  Do yourself a favor and buy a different edition of this book.
B005J4TLN4|4.0|Pods from outer space fall from the sky all over London and unfortunately some of the first pods to fall land in a tough inner city neighborhood.  Monsters with savage attitudes and mouths full of teeth are no match for the tough street hoods who are trying to save their block.<br /><br />While the kids battle the cops and the monsters they get tough and use their street smarts and knowledge of the area to outwit the invaders.  This is a fun Sci-Fi flick filled with a lot of British slang that you will have to listen carefully to.  It is pretty gory so be ready for some shockers.<br /><br />The movie is Sci-Fi with comedy twisted into it and the special effects are pretty good.  In the beginning you don't know whether to root for the kids to get arrested or to win the battle, but ultimately you'll pick a side.  It's a short movie at 88 minutes but you will find it entertaining if you like Sci-Fi and fun!
B001UV4XIS|5.0|I received this DVD very quickly from the shipper.  It was the last DVD in the Harry Potter series that I needed to get for my daughter for Christmas to complete her collection.  It made her very happy.
B004EPZ084|5.0|A story about three guys whose lives and jobs are miserable as their bosses are horrible in their opinions. The group meets regularly and one night while drinking they confide to each other how unhappy they are at work. They jointly agreed to kill each other's boss but they don't really know how to plan a murder. They hire a consultant to coach them into how to conduct the perfect murders.<br /><br />What follows is a crazy dark comedy that will keep you on the edge of your seat for the duration of the movie. The three prospective murderers are absolutely incompetent and they cause more chaos than they solve. You will enjoy following the storyline and the twisting plot and problems they get themselves into.<br /><br />A great cast and fun to watch but there is a lot of obscenities in the movie. If that is not your idea of a movie script then this one is not for you.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|It's worth the download.  I think it's fun to try and unlock new games, and come on peopke it's free!  Some of the controls are wonky but you don't have to beat every game to move on.  I avoid the games I can't master and dropsy the ones I have a chance at.  If you end up not liking it the delete it.  No big deal.
B004EPZ07K|4.0|An evil force in the universe has escaped and could mean the destruction of all living beings! A Green Lantern warrior and defender of peace and justice is sent to find out what has happened when he is mortally wounded and barely escapes. He crash lands on the earth and his Green Lantern ring sensing his imminent death sends out a seeker force to find a replacement.<br /><br />Hal Jordan (Ryan Reynolds) is a talented and arrogant fighter test pilot who has confidence issues. Deep down he wonders if you will ever measure up to the man his father was. The ring selects him and thus he is drafted into the Green Lantern Corps. The Green Lantern group feels that Hal is a poor choice as they disrespect the human race as being too immature to ever properly harness the powers of the ring.<br /><br />This movie is enjoyable and true to the original comic book story. I liked the special effects and the cast did a good job playing the roles according to the characters of the comic. This is Sci-Fi based on a comic book story so my expectations were to have a good time watching it and not expect a serious plot. I got what I expected and enjoyed it!
B0066W1AZK|4.0|Great fun, good game.  Love teaching family how to play.  Has been hours and hours of good clean family fun.
B005OCFHHK|4.0|I've been debating about this one for a while and ordered when the price finally dropped to what I wanted to pay.  I really only wanted the movies and having a couple of extras like deleted scenes suits me just fine.  Got the package a few days later and it was in a bubble-wrapped envelope vs. the amazon box I expected.  Thought... no biggie, as long as it's what I ordered. Opened it up and the holders were broken in places. You could hear them scraping up against the discs and the slightest pressure mad the box feel like it was going to crumble any second.    I've never had to retunr anything to amazon, so I dreaded the ordeal, but this just wasn't what I paid for.  So I went online and found out I coudln't get it replaced because it was supplied by someone else apparently.  I had to get a refund, wait for that to be processsed, then reorder the set.  By then the price had gone up by like 25%.  However, Amazon's Support Team rocks and they gave me the same price as I ordered it before without a fuss and fixed everything within minutes of me placing the order.  Everything was resolved quickly and I received the new set the next day and this one was delivered in the amazon box. Open it up and this is where it got strange... This box set was completely different than the first one I received.  The first one had four holders, each holding 2 discs, in a larger sleeve and all were cheaply made, thus the breakage during delivery I'm assuming.  The new one looks like the pictures on amazon.com.  It's a slim box with one holder that slides out and opens up like a book.  You turn the pages to see all the dics.  Much better quality than the first one and very happy with the purchase now that it's all fixed.  Lesson in all this... make sure when you purchase it says \\"Ships from and sold by Amazon\\".  This changes from day to day it seems.
B006LRUVUA|5.0|I downloaded this app and then did some research on all the other available remote apps. Some of the reviews for other apps showed security risks, so I researched the security of this app and the software you install on your pc. From all that I've read it's a secure, legitimate piece of software. I've now used this app several times and am very pleased with it!
B005OK722U|1.0|Here it is: Someone--maybe a nephew of someone who somebody owed a favor to--had written a script for a horror movie.  It was OK.  Well...it wasn't terrible.  But it wasn't good enough to get made for what it was, because it was too unoriginal for that. Sigh.  If only it could be the sequel to a relatively successful horror franchise.  But wait a minute!  People get killed in it!  I know! [[ASIN:B0006SSOHC Saw]]  No, not Saw, huh?  How about [[ASIN:B004HYBO5K Cabin Fever]]! No?  Hey, who made that Cabin Fever movie--Eli Roth, right.  Oh, and HE had those two hit Hostel mov....wait a minute.  Wait just a golldang minute here.  I know what let's do.  Let's sleepwalk this franchise in a whole 'nuther lame and unoriginal direction, eliminating nearly all of the elements that made the previous two films interesting and scary!  Now we need funding.  Not a lot of funding...but enough to go to Vegas.  I might be off, but that seems pretty close.  I'll give \\"Hostel III\\" one thing and one thing only--it has a nice little twist at the beginning, when vulnerable-looking geeky white kid shows up at the still-occupied hotel room of a couple of kinky and dangerous-looking Eastern Bloc rejects.  And from after that point (taking up perhaps the first 10 minutes)...drudgery you could eat with a fork.  For any nephews out there who think they'd like to graft a script onto a successful franchise, it is imperative that you understand the reason for that franchise succeeds.  That's not to say you can't sometimes bottle lightning by bravely veering in a whole new direction.  ([[ASIN:B0000AOX09 Halloween III - Season Of The Witch]] shares approximately nothing with the rest of the series, but as senile dementia takes the last of me, I'm afraid my final thoughts will be that damned earworm of a jingle the movie's Halloween mask company uses.)    But if you are actually capable of that level of bold creativity, why are you doing bad horror series fanfic in the first place?    If you simply must do a sequel to something successful (not good, I'm not saying that--just successful), then study WHY it is successful.  In the case of Hostel, the elements are that the people are ABROAD and therefore less sure of whom to trust, or the customs, or the geography, or perhaps most saliently, the LANGUAGE.  It is also important that, give or take a best friend or two, the main characters must not have people they know with them.  Isolation is crucial here.  Another element: People must pay to do their own killing.  This is the central conceit of the first two Hostel movies, and it is responsible for three-fifths of the OMG factor.  That there are people walking around--powerful, handsome, outrageously wealthy people--who enjoy torture and brutal slaying as a way to let off steam.  Merely having people wager on acts performed by a professional, full-time torturer/killer blunts the skin-crawl factor by about 47 percent.  No, make that 49 percent.    And finally, apart from a message about treating other people ethically rather than as objects of pleasure which provided plausible ethical and intellectual cover for submitting oneself to this level of suffering and gore (whew!), the only real reason to see movies like Hostel or Saw is as an act of courage.  How much can we stand?  Will I flinch?  Will I cover my eyes?  Will I vomit (two girls did when I saw the original Hostel at an opening-night showing at the multiplex).  Whatever money you thought you should spend on catering, locations, hell, actors...should be pumped directly into prosthetics.  You will need eyeballs, hands and feet, and for Hostel II...I can't say.  It's a spoiler.  I wonder if they used the same one for [[ASIN:B002ZG98KK Piranha]]?  'Nuff said.  I guess I will say one more nice thing about Hostel III.  Someone quipped that if you can't be a role model, at least be a cautionary tale.  Hostel III is a wonderful cautionary tale.  It's an exemplar of what can happen when those who don't understand horror are given enough money to try to create it.  And to all looking for genuinely INTERESING horror--forget the United States for the most part.  All the really good horror is coming out of Japan, England, Spain, and Scandinavia.  I can't remember the last American horror movie that made me proud of my country.
B0050KEVO6|5.0|I really enjoyed playing this game and worked on it for several days until I got all the items. I had to look up a few, but I didn't mind. It's a clever, simple, fun game. I showed it to my dad because I knew he'd like it, which he does as he downloaded it and is now playing it. Great game, thanks!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great game.  lots of fun. keeps me busy for hours. definately a must for anyone bored. especially since it'd free that's always a good thing
B004L0NGEC|5.0|Picked it up here for 1.49 USD. Works smooth on my kindle fire. I can even drop iphone clips (.mov) into my picasa account, and they will play when selected (after a 4 second download). Works twice as fast as the Fire's gallery app, which was a huge dissapointment. I am however, unsure of it's security, since it looks like a third party app. But I really don't have anything private, so I'm not worried.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Great little ap that gets progressively challenging.  My kids (10 and 11 yrs) love this game, and it is a fun way to spend time while waiting for the kids to get out of extracurricular activities for myself as well.
0374275637|5.0|It hard to think of an area of human endeavor which will not be affected or improved by this book.<br /><br />Do you want to:<br /><br />Get along better with your wife? business partners? Boss? Children?<br /><br />Be a better investor? Marketer? Coach?<br /><br />Make better choices in politics? Love? Sports?<br /><br />or simply do you want to understand better how you and those around you think, judge, feel, and decide?<br /><br />Read this book.<br /><br />As many other reviewers have said, it is lucid (easy to read) and comprehensive. Kahneman understands how people learn, and he has incorporated that understanding in the design of the book. If you follow his lead, work the examples, and then read why you are thinking about these examples as you do, it will enrich and enhance your life.<br /><br />Should be required reading in every college, maybe even every high school.<br /><br />I would have given it a six, but there isn't one.
B006GG1KOC|4.0|it was good because it was kinda. difficult and i like it and it was hard for kids so I would recommend. this for kids
0123694965|3.0|This is a good book.  I'd strongly recommend it -- except for the fact that, after a few chapters, it starts to become repetitive; and some concepts don't fit very well in the metaphor of lenses.  Somehow it seems that the author tries too hard to make everything fit in a preconceived system.  Anyway, I recommend the book, as it provides new perspectives on game design.
B0036OS3EM|5.0|I bought it for my wife and she likes it. Very comfortable and good looking shoes for rainy and cold weather.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|good game to pass the time its good for all ages fun and easy the More you play the more points you get to unlock more games
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I think the App is pretty cool! I like how it gives you all the info on the Moons phases.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game but the oil game doesn't work other than that it is a great game I wil tell people people to play it
B005OKTPKC|5.0|Jonh Grisham, i definettly surrender under your feet. This book is one of the best stories i read. And now witha new taste, with Kindle the reading is smoot.  Fully recommend you.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|I absolutely love this I put my diary on it and nobody can read it because you can lock certain notes:) I LOVE it on my kindle fire&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is fun I like how u have to get points to unlock new games and it's not hard to get the points... u just have to play the games
B002VPE7AQ|4.0|I heard a lot of good things about this book, but for some reason I kept putting off reading it. But after hearing Simone talk at the Austin Teen Book Festival, I knew that I had to move this book up on my to-read list, and I am so glad I did.<br /><br />Brittany has worked hard to make sure that her life appears perfect to everyone else, but in reality, her life at home is in relative shambles. On the outside, however, she is co-captain of the pom squad, has the football boyfriend, and takes great care of her appearance. She has her senior year planned already. Then everything changes when she becomes chemistry partners with Alex Fuentes, a gang member from the wrong side of town. She tries to get out of their partnership, but their chemistry teacher won't allow it. Brittany finds herself inexplicably drawn to Alex; soon she is finding ways to spend more time with him and is thinking about him more than she should. And while Alex may have just been trying to ruffle Brittany's feathers at first, he can't deny that there is something more between them. Yet Alex has his own family issues, and he knows the life he's chosen for himself. Can Brittany and Alex make things work despite the odds?<br /><br />Both Brittany and Alex are characters that could have so easily fallen into stereotypical molds, and yet they didn't. Though the characters could perhaps be considered cliche (the \\"perfect\\" girl who isn't perfect, the gangster who wants to be better), these characters became so real to me that I didn't mind. I loved that we got to see both Brittany and Alex's points of view in this book. The chapters alternate between them, so we really get to know them both. Brittany, instead of coming across as \\"that girl\\" that most people would have hated in high school (and in fact many people in the book do), was very relatable. I really appreciated the compassion that she had for her sister and the fact that she finally gathered the courage to speak her mind. My heart broke for Alex on more than one occasion, which meant that I had to keep reading because I had to know that everything would be alright. And when everything is alright...talk about steamy (YA steamy, of course).<br /><br />I also loved the realism in this book; Simone does not shy away from any situations, but everything is handled very tastefully. With this, there are a variety of slang Spanish expressions in this book. Some I understood, and some I didn't; while I could usually gather the meaning from the context, I do wish there had been translations. I'm also not sure how I felt about the epilogue - I liked the idea of it, but it will be interesting to see how that does or does not affect the future books.<br /><br />Perfect Chemistry lives up to its name - there is sizzling chemistry between Alex and Brittany, and while their relationship isn't flawless, it is the imperfections that make it perfect. I am so glad that the rest of the trilogy has already been published so that I don't have to wait to read more of these books!ccasion, which meant that I had to keep reading because I had to know that everything would be alright. And when everything is alright...talk about steamy (YA steamy, of course).   I also loved the realism in this book; Simone does not shy away from any situations, but everything is handled very tastefully. With this, there are a variety of slang Spanish expressions in this book. Some I understood, and some I didn't; while I could usually gather the meaning from the context, I do wish there had been translations. I'm also not sure how I felt about the epilogue - I liked the idea of it, but it will be interesting to see how that does or does not affect the future books.  Perfect Chemistry lives up to its name - there is sizzling chemistry between Alex and Brittany, and while their relationship isn't flawless, it is the imperfections that make it perfect. I am so glad that the rest of the trilogy has already been published so that I don't have to wait to read more of these books!
B005K17RU0|4.0|Handy app that works behind the scenes.  I am new to android and it works well on my wi-fi Kindle Fire.
159514188X|4.0|I have heard so many good things about this book for a while, so when I wanted a powerful contemporary novel to read, I decided it was time to read this book. Once I picked it up, I read it straight through in one sitting. Jay Asher has weaved a tale that is completely engrossing and one that will leave you thinking long after you've read the last page.<br /><br />Clay Jensen has missed Hannah Baker since her suicide two weeks ago. But he never expected to have the chance to find out why she killed herself. Then one day, a box of cassette tapes shows up on his doorstep. Once he starts listening, Clay learns that there were thirteen reasons that Hannah killed herself, and she considered him one of her reasons. Clay spends the night listening to her tapes, following Hannah's map around the city to the locations where some of the events she retells took place. As Clay tries to piece everything together and wonders what his own part in this was, he remembers his own version of the events, learning a great deal more about his classmates than he ever knew before. But when he finds out why he made the list...what will he do with the knowledge?<br /><br />It's hard to talk about what I liked in this book, because it's certainly not happy. However, I was immediately drawn into the story, wanting to know what all of Hannah's reason were and how Clay, who is clearly such a sweet, nice guy, was part of this. I loved the dual narrative of Hannah's tapes and Clay's reactions to and opinions about what she'd said. This really added depth to the story and emphasized the point that not everything is what it seems. The same is true of Clay following Hannah's map through the town; Hannah's tapes helped him embark on an emotional, metaphorical, and physical journey. Hannah's story was very intriguing and I appreciated finally learning how everyone and everything related to each other.<br /><br />While I really liked Clay's character, I had some issues with Hannah. Although some of the points that she made were very true - people don't know what others are going through, and people don't always know the far-reaching effects of their actions - she was also very limited by her own context. She shut down instead of opening up, and even when she found something good she wouldn't let it change her mind. I know that this happens, and while it was frustrating, that is one of the great things about this book - hopefully it will reveal that there are choices and options other than suicide.<br /><br />This book and the message that it carries are certainly very powerful. I can only hope that the people who need a book like this will find it and let the story encourage them to think. Given the power of this story, I cannot wait to read Jay Asher's next book, The Future of Us.true - people don't know what others are going through, and people don't always know the far-reaching effects of their actions - she was also very limited by her own context. She shut down instead of opening up, and even when she found something good she wouldn't let it change her mind. I know that this happens, and while it was frustrating, that is one of the great things about this book - hopefully it will reveal that there are choices and options other than suicide.  This book and the message that it carries are certainly very powerful. I can only hope that the people who need a book like this will find it and let the story encourage them to think. Given the power of this story, I cannot wait to read Jay Asher's next book, The Future of Us.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I have been playing Angry Birds on my friends Droid and it is a fun game watching the birds destroy the pigs.  AT ANY RATE!!! I saw quite a few droid tablets for sale and put a lot on my christmas list to give a variety of tablets so I wouldn't know which one I would receive.  I received a Cruz Tablet T301.  I found the Amazon App Store and downloaded it to the Cruz Tablet.  I found Angry Birds Free and downloaded it to the Tablet.  While the product downloads to the Cruz Tablet T301, it does not install.  I then found out shortly after that the Cruz Tablet does not download a lot of the Apps that are tied to Android Marketplace even though it has the Android interface.  For now, I am still playing Angry Birds on my family and friends phone.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|Free super easy to customize app for those who engage in timefoolery-- setting the alarm early so you can purposely enjoy the extra time snoozing. Hit the snooze with a tap or solve increasingly difficult math problems to wake your brain up. Adjust the Color and brightness to suit your mood, excellent app does exactly what it offers with only a small advert at the bottom. A good app can't beat the price either.
B0007GAEW6|5.0|Brilliant and unique. Its The Mars Volta with a completely different story and feel then their first album (De Loused in the Comatorium) while still maintaining their signature sound. Based off of various story-lines from past band members as well as fictional characters, Frances the Mute is a jazz infused, messy and somewhat psychotic rock n' roll masterpiece. Its like Santana on acid. This album just picks you up and takes you into a new world of musical abnormality and mystery.    My, My, My,! With a much stronger latin/salsa influence then before, Frances the Mute grabs you from the very beginning with the fast-paced \\"Cygnus....Vismund Cygnus.\\" You'll then find yourself frozen without an answer as \\"The Widow\\" sucks you into its highly addictive and slightly dejected chorus. \\"L'Via L'Viaquez\\" explodes from a muted drum loop with a catchy rhythm and damaging guitar solos throughout. \\"Miranda That Ghost Just Isn't Holy Anymore: B. Pour Another Icepick\\" will definitely have you becoming \\"one of the others\\" as this first piece of progressive rock mayhem swoops you away into oblivion. This 35 minute, 8 part magnum opus takes you through a series of constantly changing musical creations and sounds. \\"Casandra Gemini\\" is an ideal balance of catchy, lyrical genius, as well as melodious marvel.      With the perfect blend of creativity, musical talent and sheer passion as well as delusiveness, insanity and psychedelia, I highly recommend this album to any fan of \\"The Mars Volta\\", as well as any fan of the profoundly abstract, and anti-mainstream.   Add this album to your collection today!  \\"And I peel back all of my skin....I peel it back and let it all run...\\"
B0054JZC6E|4.0|best app for the money!  great app when you are on the go! love the.games! many choices!  great veriety!  I love it
B0030ZOYHC|5.0|This Blu-Ray is great.  The image quality and sound it terrific.  It's probably the best sounding movie I own so far.  It uses Dolby Digital TrueHD in 6.1 and makes good use of all the channels.  The episodes of the original series are strung together very well, so it seems like a continuous film, not a bunch of separate episodes.
B000003TA4|3.0|nevermind is a solid rock album ,butt there is no moment it reaches 5 star quality !!!  real overrated,listen to dylan the stones the beatles undertones the jam neil young steely dan little feat doors howlin wolf muddy waters louis armstrong bix beiderbecke the kinks the who led zeppelin elvis jerry lee lewis buddy holly gene vincent benny goodman miles davis john coltrane hank williams jimi hendrix  ella fitzgerald van morrison bob marley the allman brothers heifetz arthur rubenstein glenn gould fritz wunderlich james brown sam cooke ..........................  .......................................................................... !!!!!!!
B004EPYZQ2|5.0|Great Flick!  Our whole family thoroughly enjoyed this movie! Keeps you wondering what will happen next! From JJ Abrams and Steven Speilberg, it's gotta be good and it is.
1612130585|5.0|As I said in my review on goodreads.com, this book is even better than the first. I absolutely loved it & can't wait for book 3 next week.  I don't think I've read a book as full of emotion & love as I have with these books in a long time, if ever. I don't know how she does it, but E.L. James knows how to make you feel all of the emotion her characters are feeling at the same degree they're feeling it. It's amazing!
B005GFPZYK|5.0|This book, will grab you by the BA**S and won't let go. It'll make you happy, mad, and sad, and then happy again! Chris Kyle is a true patriot!!!
B0052U59F4|5.0|I was extremely apprehensive about reading this series after reading some of the reviews. I am really not in to BDSM books unless it's very light. However, a friend of mine advised me that it wasn't as bad as I was thinking, so I went ahead & read it. Man am I glad that I did. I wasn't able to put the book down at all, it was so fantastic.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|There are scenes missing in the Blu-Ray that was there in the movie theater.  Would be nice if the Blu-ray had the actual movie and not missing selected parts so that they could sell the full length, and then the extended release at a later date.
1583334386|5.0|The book itself was well written by Dr. Kelly, but what I found more beneficial was her work on explaining why we do what we do--her examples of the material helped guide me to better understand the cause and effect cycle of willpower.<br />She, and the material helped guide me to better understand why people as well as animals do what they do. Addictions, cravings and so on are truly displayed with great intentions to educating the reader. I give this book a high read in anyones library, for the knowledge I gained in this book will help anyone work on their willpower abilities.
B005OOSPZO|5.0|Wow..I've watched this movie on DVD for years and was waiting for the Bluray Version.  I was so impressed with quality of the transfer...it is absolutely pristine!  This looks like a movie that was just made the past couple years because the video is so clean and clear...It's stunning to think this is a movie from the 70's!  Whoever did the bluray transfer should get an award cause it's amazing!  I have over 100 Bluray films and this is one of the best in video quality.
B001AH6ZWY|5.0|One of the best science fiction movies made.  No doubt that Joddie Foster helped in showing Dr. Arroway's commitment in finding some extraterrestrial entity.  This movie will make you understand that a contact between us and another world could end up in a catastrophy or simply in a new beginning for human kind.  It showed me the fears, the hopes and the eternal search of human kind for a new future.  Too bad they have not made a series out of this movie, it would have been as faboulous.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|Great app, but has a few issues. i tried to do 2 plans at once, one in morning and one in evening and it seemed to confuse the app. Some people complain that you have to have wifi but there is at least one Bible version available without wifi
B000W00Y0Y|5.0|This was a great show. Not their biggest, but it was a great show regardless. The Live Aid concert was a great addition to the disc as well. I was shocked by the quality of the video and audio for the main feature, considering the concert's date. The band is in top form here. I highly recommend for any fans of Queen.
B0062HG2KM|5.0|one of the best tv series on fx to come to tv keep them comming i cant wait untill the new season starts
B000UD08HW|4.0|I'm a pretty big Pink Floyd / David Gilmour fan, so I was excited to see this on blu-ray. I had just bought a new receiver with HDMI inputs, so I was definitely looking forward to listening to this in such high quality. I was not disappointed. The audio quality is superb. The video is mostly great... however at other times it suffers from film grain and some other artifacts from time to time. The menu system on the blu-ray is a bit annoying. You have to wait for an animation before you can see the next screen or where you're navigating to. There is no pop-up menu that you can use while viewing the concert. This was a bit troublesome when trying to select specific songs or changing audio options. Other than that, the concert is beautifully done. I would recommend this to any Pink Floyd / David Gilmour fan.
B005T87QCI|4.0|I.think it is a good game but I wish you could make your own robot and instead of the arrows it should just be the drag left right up and down for easier control. other than that it has great graphics and is a lot of fun!
B005J7CRNC|5.0|IL DIVO has certainly matured - Love their new format and sound.  All their voices have gotten better over the years, especially Urs...And the picture album showed just how close these guys are - always Laughing!!!
1594744769|3.0|The cover sold me, but the story itself doesn't live up. I don't think I was really engaged until half way through the book. The only reason I kept reading is because of the alluring cover and the great pictures, with each turn of the page I was really hoping that something would just grab and pull me in. All in all the book turned out to be just ok.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|Wonderful gift for the holidays - oh, my how that man can sing! Kind of like Sinatra - I like him singing mellow music that I can relax to...
B0063GORYU|5.0|I love this game.  I play it for hours.  its so addicting and I cant out it down until I win.
B002BY77CW|3.0|Admittedly, I am a fan of Lauren Conrad and actually really enjoyed Laguna Beach and The Hills, the latter being the best. I also must preface this with the concern I have when reading any book written by someone famous for something other than being an author; I was worried it wouldn't be good. They aren't writers afterall.<br /><br />I was pleasantly surprised. While certainly not the best book I've read all year, it was a fun, entertaining read that felt good.<br /><br />I enjoyed the behind the scenes look at reality stars, on a fictitious TV show called LA Candy, which interestingly as others have mentioned, mirrored many similarities between Lauren's life on The Hills. The book starts out as the girls move to LA, moves on to a little club hopping where they are approached to do a reality series and then of course, starts the beginning of LA Candy, the tv series.<br /><br />It was interesting to see what being on a reality tv series would be like, from the awkwardness and discomfort of mic packs, to the often irritating texts the girls got to move a conversation in a new direction for the camera's.<br /><br />I will say, I wasn't overly thrilled with the ending, only because it was a cliffhanger and it felt very unfinished to me. I find major cliffhangers more of a TV aspect and not so much in a book - since usually its a long time between books being released, and a tv show is usually the following week or a couple of months in between a season. However, what I will also say, is that it made me curious to get the next in the series and begin it immediately, which I did the following day.<br /><br />I also thought that Lauren's writing was a bit sub par. The plot was fun and entertaining but her descriptions could have been better and seemed sometimes forced - as if she read somewhere that descriptions were important and decided she needed to add them in everywhere.<br /><br />All in all, once I got past her newbie writing style, I found the book to be a cute, quick, fun read - perfect for a beach or pool read, or car or airplane trip. I enjoyed it with my coffee and it was definitely a guilty pleasure read.r or airplane trip. I enjoyed it with my coffee and it was definitely a guilty pleasure read.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|If your looking for a good movie to watch this is the one. The book is great the movie is good and worth your time to watch.<br />I enjoyed it. I purchased it here for my mother.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This app makes it posslble for your kindle fire to be a laptop.  Gives the ability to down load files without physically connecting to your computer.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I enjoy playing this app very much, and it doesn't seem to have any negative effects on my Kindle Fire.
B002KSPKRS|4.0|So just got it from the UPS guy and signed for it and then I open it up and got really excited and just can't wait to plug it in and start gaming. I work overnights  10 p.m. to 7 a.m. and been waiting since then. Open everything and then start thinking, ummm.... I'm missing something and it was very obvious, it didn't have the xbox controller cable (I checked the whole house and even outside my door just in case some freaky accident). Can't believe that, just a waste of time and money and now I have to drive and return it (waste of gas) and then go and buy one from gamestop or walmart because now I just don't trust Amazon with these things now. PITIFUL.
B004TTZHBK|5.0|What a great app -- there's a bunch of great recipes in here.  I love how you can portion each recipe for either 2 or 4 people.  Also, the shoppping list is wonderful.
B004R13U6Y|2.0|dissapointed that this will not highlight on my k f. otherwise good. will get it from the market. on my phone and move to k f. amazon ap store is second rate
B0063IH60K|5.0|love it even better then on the desktop thank you Santa for my kindle fire that is it for  NOW
B004LWZVZC|5.0|as a history buff, I really liked this movie a courtroom style drama, thats ends in the hanging of the people involved  never had a chance to see it on the big screen, i rented it, then bought it  a really great film,if you like history
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Awesome! Can't say enough good things about this app. I always have it with me for quick reference. I use it as a parallel bible
0891419063|5.0|I just finished reading this book and I am blown away. Let me first say that I am somewhat of a WWII history buff and enjoy reading all types of books related to this topic. This is a firsthand account of the fighting on Peleliu and Okinawa by a Marine in the 5th Division.  I read with rapt attention as Mr. Sledge described the absolute horror of combat and war in general. In all the books I have read about the war, never have the details of battle and emotions of the combatants made so clear to me.  The author also did a masterful job of describing the abysmal conditions faced by the Marines on these islands. Through the authors writing it was clear that the Marines in combat had a special bond between them and their courage under these conditions was nothing short of amazing. They were regular young men thrown into the fires of Hell, many died but for those that survived they would never be the same. Even if you have a passing interest in WWII or if you just want to read an amazing book, buy this book. You will not be sorry you did.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is one of the best apps I have ...it has translations, Bible plans, and audio player which all have helped me have a deeper learning, understanding, and appreciation of the Bible. I use it everyday.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its good but its also very hard and at the begining its easy but as you go on it gets hard but it is still just as fun
B0054JZC6E|5.0|very challenging and keeps me entertained. can be addictive keeps me coming back for more fun. i definitely recommend this to my friends.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Love this game! Definatly get this! So worth your time! Plus this game is amazing for young kids my siblings love it!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This is the best book I've read this year, so far! I just loved Gale and can't wait for the movie to come out in Ireland!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its really really really fun! but it has way to many add's!! and so of the games are slow which makes the games hard.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I downloaded this book for free on my kindle wit amazon prime. I had zero expectations but was instantly captivated. I finished the book within a couple days and read the 2 sequels within a week. Highly recommended thriller that also explores some philosophical ideas about human instinct.
B006GG1KOC|3.0|Um I get this app is for kids and all.....my child still doesn't like it though she gets frusterated because she cant figure it out because the questions are STUPID AND DONT MAKE ANY SENSE!!!!!!!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|love this app. works great on kindle fire and my android phone. like. that. you cant just play any game that you have to earn points by beating other games to get new ones.my kids love this app as well. Def  worth it
B0054JZC6E|3.0|this is ok app. some of the games are very hard to complete. some are good. I enjoy the brain buster ones.
B000B5MI3Q|5.0|I had been wanting the SKX007 for a long time, and the price was right, so I ordered it for Christmas. I have been wearing it now for a little over 3 weeks and I must say I am very happy. It has been keeping perfect time so far, and I expect it will perform like my other Seiko diver, which has the same motor. I have since changed the strap, since the one it comes with is a little stiff and bulky, but I knew I would be doing that. Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a must have game its perfect for passing time and my little brother loves it. again this is a must have game
1582701709|1.0|Horrible book. Creating self-help books is a business. They are not made to really help you.   From the book \\" Visualize checks in your mailbox\\".??????? If you believe then there is no and   to your delusions, and they will make your life miserable.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i like this game :) is so fun but a little bit hard because u need get money for unlock the others games but the game are cool ... i love this game
B003ZSJ212|5.0|im a star war nut i love this so much i have all the toys from 1977-2011 even the dolls in boxes so that is why i got this and becuz i love star wars i want to the midnight shows each time a movie came out SO...GET....THIS OK.......
0061537969|5.0|BEST BOOK I HAVE EVER READ!!!!! NOT APPROPRIATE BUT AMAZING!!!!!! its sad. its from a dogs point of view, i cryed after reading this, ITS A MUST READ!!!!!!!!!!!!
B006BDHAX0|1.0|This is a great game to play on the kendle fire, but it constantly shuts down in the middle of your game. VERY FRUSTRATING!!!!!! Please fix this!!!! Don't buy it until the reviews say it's fixed!
B006IGZWB2|4.0|Set in 1960's Jackson, Mississippi, one of the most segregated towns of the segregated South, The Help takes on the issue of civil rights with a new approach. We aren't shown the brutal violence or the hateful rhetoric that was endured by so many Black Americans. Instead, we are given a tour of the subtle, yet demeaning treatment given to \\"the help,\\" the black maids that were responsible for doing everything around the house while receiving none of the credit.  Many have been taken aback by this approach, indicating that it does more to perpetuate stereotypes than it does to shatter them. However, it's not that simple. This misconception is born out of the cinematography, music, and overall feel of the movie. It's the reason that it's not really in the running for Best Picture at the Oscars or the Golden Globes. Viola Davis, on the other hand, shines as Aibeleen, the first maid that agrees to share her stories with the ambitious and idealistic young writer, Skeeter (Emma Stone). Viola Davis has a scene (part of it is in the trailer I believe), and she doesn't blink once. It's as if she is lifting a heavy rock and heaving it forward through her eyes. She was nothing short of incredible and I understand now why she is in contention for Best Actress this year. Emma Stone is adorably spunky as usual. Octavia Spencer is wonderfully quirky as Minny Jackson. As always, Allison Janney amazes with her ability to bring so much moral depth to a character that could have been difficult to sympathize with. She has a scene towards the end of the film that few actresses could have pulled off (even though so many of these movies do, for the sake of a happy ending). Janney saves her subplot from a corny conclusion. Bryce Dallas Howard is an incredible villain, very much in the vein of Imelda Staunton's Dolores Umbridge from the Harry Potter series. In short, this movie needs to be seen, if only for it's performances.  It's not a short movie, clocking in at 2 hours and 26 minutes, but I was entertained the whole time.   Bottom Line: See It!
B000JQU1VS|2.0|I rather do admit I find the English a bit boring, might I say, my Dear Watson? Perhaps it is the overabundance of words in a sentence to demonstrate intellectual superiority, my dear chap.<br /><br />Okay, enough of that...<br /><br />The Good: 12 good stories introducing Sherlock..for free.<br /><br />The Bad: Table of Contents, symbols, and you can get ALL of the books elsewhere for free.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Works great on Kindle Fire.  Some easy, some hard.  Very enjoyable time waster.  Can't wait to unlock more.  Definately a five star.
B0019HQIFE|5.0|This dvd is around $27 bucks at best buy but I got it for $17 here and free shipping and no tax.  What more can I ask for????  I was sad because I had ordered on Monday and thinking, I would receive this DVD from 7 to 10 working days like most ground shipping, well I was very wrong!!!!  I received the DVD today and I also bought the Adele too. I spent a $1,000 to make the ultimate surround sound at my home and I had heard the John Mayer with a surround sound they had and it sounded amazing but when I got it, I couldn't wait to put in the John Mayer and Adele DVDs, wow the music is incredible very clear and the picture is amazing.  I couldn't ask for more.  The last time I ordered from Best buy a dvd took 10 days before I got it.  So I saved about 7 or 8 bucks and got free shipping, tax free and my DVD in 3 days.  What more could I ask for,  I'll buy more more DVDs when I see more concerts I like.  I will order more DVDs again for sure.  Never, will I buy from best buy again they usually their CDs and DVDs over priced as well. So... why not make the change from buying from their over priced merchandise! I will just be buying from amazon from now on, you have a client for life from me.
B005J29HCQ|5.0|I wish they could have done this album in stereo.  Good album.  Company did very well and I would order from them a 2nd time.  Tom
B001N1DPDE|5.0|simply an out of the box review, i love it. very hefty, sharp, very sturdy knife. fits very tight in the sheath. im very happy with this purchase.
B006GG1KOC|5.0|my toddler son loves this game. I didn't need to explain how to play it, he figured it out on his own very quickly. and he loves to clap with the game when he completes a level.
B0055S348W|1.0|Nice idea, but PrinterShare Mobile Print is simply stellar in how it does not work. Try as I may, I more often than not routinely receive an \\"Error: null\\" response when attempting to print remotely. Even when the app says the print is successful, the quiet solitude that is my idle printer is the sound -- or more accurately, the lack thereof -- that is heard.<br /><br />And the cost? A user is restricted to twenty pages of printing, after which one must purchase additional \\"prints\\" at $4.95 per 100 pages, or a whopping $9.95 per month.<br /><br />I'm no environmentalist by any stretch, but rather than use this flop of an app, save the trees and save your green.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Started off with a few games and opened two already. Most have a simple concept and are easy enough to play and make minimum score. Some are a little difficult to play on Kindle and maybe even a little glitchy. But overall makes for a fun way to kill time.
B006O5Y0SS|1.0|I was looking for a light comedy or drama for my wife and I to enjoy on a friday night after the kids went to bed.  We reviewed the trailer and while not blown away, it seemed to fit the bill.  30 minutes in, however, we found it to be a hodge podge of other movie plots, loosely stuck together with a few clever lines and cliched pre-wedding scenarios.  I feel terrible for Kathy Bates, who is a well known and talented actress, her character seemed more of an after thought and she had no opportunity to shine.  The main character had plenty of opportunities, but left them on the floor...most likely with a lot of other useless film they had to cut to fit this into a reasonable viewing time.  My wife later told me she thought it was meant to be oriented more towards women, but found nothing to relate to...but she stopped watching half-way through.  I soldiered on to the end but regretted the time spent, this was truly one of the worst movies I have watched in a long time.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is like heaven on a cloud playing bongo what what hgreat game u should get it very fun when nothing to do.
0525478817|5.0|'The Fault in Our Stars' is heartfelt without being sentimental, wry without being cynical, funny without being crass, smart without being condescending, sweet without being sappy. It's both heartbreakingly hopeful and refreshingly honest.<br /><br />In short, it's John Green's finest novel yet. Which, if you've read his excellent body of work so far, is saying something.<br /><br />John Green writes astonishingly well in the voice of Hazel, a teenage girl with terminal cancer. The story of her survival, her friends, her parents, the books she loves, the hopes she hangs onto, and her growing attraction to the clever and charming Augustus Waters comes at us through Hazel's own words - often funny, sometimes angry, sometimes sad, always real.<br /><br />Let's be clear: 'The Fault in Our Stars' is not a cancer story. It's a story about a girl who happens to have cancer, and that distinction is what makes it so powerful and resonant and authentic. Hazel and Augustus come through with the clarity of truth, as do their parents and friends and those they meet along the way.<br /><br />I lost count of how many times I laughed out loud while reading 'The Fault in Our Stars,' and the times I paused to think about some of Hazel's observations. I know I cried on page 90, and tears came again at the end. I know I'm glad I read it. I know I learned something new about myself because of reading it.<br /><br />In the ocean of human experience, and in John Green's own words from one of his videos, 'The Fault in Our Stars' makes me \\"grateful to be a little boat, full of water, still floating.\\"
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Many levels to play during your spare time. No problems installing, and no problems running such as so many other free apps on Kindle Fire. And it's free! Highly recommended!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|very fun...too many ads and high price for game but I still enjoy unlocking new games. passes time if you are bored
B000HSIEPI|5.0|When this came out, I watched on Public Television and was ensnared within five minutes. Give it five minutes yourself and see if you can turn away. I wondered if it might show its age and have lost some of the initial political brilliance but this was as timely, incisive, hilarious, shocking, intelligent, and enticing as I recalled. Thank God! Francis Urquhart is alive again, getting lesser politicians (and us!) to do his bidding, laugh at his jokes, take his bait, and, amazingly, be grateful to be let in on his most wicked and fascinating machinations. We are only lucky to not suffer the fates of those who are in his orbit and in the way; this character is both a god of myth-like qualities and a force of nature. I dare you to NOT fall for F. U.'s bad-boy charisma, even as he makes you feel he's doing it all for YOU. Five stars are not nearly enough to do it justice. And to think...two more installments...for Britain (and the world) NEEDS its Urquharts.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|a lot of games but it can get boring. I played one game and I keep racking up points on that.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|I learned of Adele through my daughters, and she has quickly grown on me. The concert footage is amazing, she really connects with the crowd and puts her emotions out there for all to see. If you like Adele then this is a must for your collection.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game so I rated it a 5 star the games are so fun I have got a cupel checks.
0061714402|5.0|No puedo parar de leerlo, es increible, muy bien escrito. Uno se adentra mucho  en la historia, deberian hacer una pelicula sobre Mustaine.
B006GG1KOC|4.0|I figured being for kids it would have been a bit easier. I sat down and played it with my 6 year old niece and was stumped myself a few times. Overall it was fun spending time with my niece. Thx!
0525478817|5.0|I cried for the first time on page 124, and from there? The remainder of the book (which I could have easily read in one sitting - had my kid not needed fed, and bathed) you could hear the following from me: \\"Oh. My. Gosh. I Love Him!\\" (Or her.) **SWOON** \\"No! No! No! No! No!\\" and just as regularly? Laughter - typically through my tears.<br /><br />We could all tell a cancer story, it sucks. But it's true. I don't know anyone who doesn't have one. My best friends little sister. My Grandmother. A good friends father. It's everywhere. And, Hazel is pretty much right. For many of these people, life becomes a side effect of this evil disease. But John Green has made it relatable. Rather than just looking in on cancer from the outside, as I have often found myself, through Hazels eyes I was able to somewhat experience the effects in a more personal way.<br /><br />One thing that I had me absolutely floored was my ability to get lost in John Green's story lines. This was so much more than just a story about the evil monster that is Cancer. This was a love story, and a very sweet one at that. This was a story about a girl sharing her love for a book.<br /><br />Now, I know that anyone who read the synopsis - anyone who saw the blurb by Jodi Piccoult - can make an educated guess that this one will have some tears. But this book is about so much more than this. It's about Hazel Grace and her amazing ability to fight, about her learning to live. It is about Augustus Waters and his sweet and amazing personality. It is about their friend Issac and their cancer support group. It is about  the parents of \\"Cancer Kids\\". It is about a book. And a swingset. (Ok, maybe not a swingset - but the metaphor that John Green throws in at the mid 100's? The most amazing thing I have ever, EVER read.)<br /><br />In the end? This was my maiden voyage into the world of John Green, and I was most definitely not disappointed. In fact, this may be one of my top ten books of all time. I cannot say how much I loved it. It was sad, it was beautiful, it was romantic. (And best of all? It was real.)was beautiful, it was romantic. (And best of all? It was real.)
B005LZW8FO|4.0|The history books claim that at one time popular belief was the world was flat.  It was believed that if explorers found themselves reaching to the edge of our known planet, they would simply fall off into nothingness.  Through trial and error, science, and reality, we know that not to be true.  History also stated that popular belief was that the Earth was the center of the universe; that all planets (and suns) rotated around us.  Again, through science, astrology, and exploration, we know that not to be true.  Another Earth, this year's low-fi sci-fi mumblecore film, takes these known truths and seems to spin them into a world of doubt and question.  What if another planet showed up next to us?  What if that planet showed signs of life?  What if that planet looked just like Earth?  Finally, what if was inhabited by us?  These are the tough philosophical and personal questions posed in nearly the middle of this film, and surprisingly Another Earth rarely bothers to answer them.  Instead, director (and co-writer) Mike Cahill turns the story inward and shows us that despite popular belief, we are not the center of our own universes.<br /><br />Like what Primer did for time-travel or what Cold Weather did to the mystery genre, Another Earth attempts to do with the philosophies of space.  There is no question, this is a science fiction film, but it does not follow the Hollywood standard.  This is an emotional film that uses the fear of the unknown (aka the darkness of destiny) and turns it toward us, the viewers, and also into our neo-hero Rhoda Williams.  It becomes a story about having the world tightly wound within your hands, but within a split second, everything can change.  Williams was just accepted into M.I.T. the night Earth 2 arrived.  The surprise of another planet coupled with a few drinks brought her world crashing down when she slammed into John Burroughs' car, instantly killing his pregnant wife and child.  Four years later, she is released from prison to return home; directionless, full of shame, and wanting to apologize, she arrives at the doorstep of Burroughs' home under the ruse of a housekeeper.  Since the accident occurred when she was a minor, her personal information was sealed, and thus the two are complete strangers with a history.  As time develops, and broken as they are, Burroughs and Williams begin to heal together, individually working through the tragedy that destroyed their known worlds.  Meanwhile, Earth 2 gets closer and closer, and the secret it holds becomes a startling reality.<br /><br />Director Cahill has crafted a low-budget film that picks at your mind and personal beliefs.  It rigidly paints two flawed characters trying to stand despite the weight of this world on their shoulders.  Another Earth is a film about choices, about the subsequent outcomes of those actions, and the stemmed belief that if you didn't look up at Earth 2 that eventful night, would life have taken a different course?  From the beginning you realize this is not going to be an easy film to watch.  With dark lighting, an abundant use of greys and blacks, the ever-popular shaky camera to build tension and lengthy scenes of staring into the void of the other planet, Another Earth grabs first and barely gives you time to question.<br /><br />The tense chemistry between Marling and Mapother adds another dynamic layer to this film and continues to blur that line between drama and science fiction.  The turmoil is so deep, so devastating between our two central characters that the only plausible escape comes in the form of a raffled trip to the water-based planet.  When the trip offers more than just sights, but philosophical interaction with yourself, Another Earth hits a new note all together.  It becomes a thinking film.  To me, this is where Cahill begins to shine, and Marling's script becomes genuine.  The interjection of Purdeep into Williams' world shows that accepting your choices and actions can be a viable solutionto life.  His screen time and interaction in this film is so small, yet his message is the crux of what Another Earth is trying to tell us.  A single word written on the hand of a self-inflicted blind/deaf man spells the surrounding truth to Another Earth.<br /><br />The ending, without being a strain, is a bit on the clich&eacute; side, but it is what the moment represents that will pull at your mind muscles.  Is Earth 2 truly identical?  Another Earth is a strong entry into the minimalist sci-fi cinema realm, and I am excited to grow with the work of Marling both behind the screen with her writing as well as what she can accomplish as an actor.  Despite a small gripe of the Earth 2 image hanging in the sky too much (I knew it was there - did I constantly need to be reminded?), I feel this film opens the doors to great discussions as well as detailed \\"new\\" theories.  For this critic, that is how films are evolving today - not only was Another Earth entertaining to view, but is it something that you could discuss with friends afterwards.  A film fails if you walk away with nothing to say.  My question to anyone reading is:  Was there really an Earth 2?and interaction in this film is so small, yet his message is the crux of what Another Earth is trying to tell us.  A single word written on the hand of a self-inflicted blind/deaf man spells the surrounding truth to Another Earth.  The ending, without being a strain, is a bit on the clich side, but it is what the moment represents that will pull at your mind muscles.  Is Earth 2 truly identical?  Another Earth is a strong entry into the minimalist sci-fi cinema realm, and I am excited to grow with the work of Marling both behind the screen with her writing as well as what she can accomplish as an actor.  Despite a small gripe of the Earth 2 image hanging in the sky too much (I knew it was there - did I constantly need to be reminded?), I feel this film opens the doors to great discussions as well as detailed \\"new\\" theories.  For this critic, that is how films are evolving today - not only was Another Earth entertaining to view, but is it something that you could discuss with friends afterwards.  A film fails if you walk away with nothing to say.  My question to anyone reading is:  Was there really an Earth 2?
B004A8ZWW4|5.0|The director Shawn levy is a genius with his opinion of the future. I love some of his other movies like Night of the Museum, Big Fat Liar, and Cheaper by the Dozen. In Night of the Museum and Real Steal they both show his imagination about what could and will happen in the future. The actors in the movie were also great and very passionate. The characters they played were very similar to who they were in real life.   The theme is both action and drama. It is action because in the future instead of people boxing they have robots. It is an action packed movie and is also very dramatic. It is dramatic because his son which lives with his x-wife and he hasn't seen his father for eight years has to live with his dad because his mother died. They are constantly fighting and getting used to each other but they eventually make it happen and win the robot fighting championship. My favorite scene is when the dad and the kid are looking in a junk yard for a new robot to fight. The kid finds one and decides to try to bring it back to life. The dad who was in the business his whole life says he is a piece of garbage and will never win a fight. Then the kid and the dad have a fight on whether it's worth it. It costs a lot of money to fix it up and the dad refuses to pay for it. The kid takes all of the inheritance from his mom and fixes it. I love that scene because it shows the true character of the dad and the child.    I thought the effects were really cool because it takes place in the future and the props were what you would picture in the future. Even though it was rated pg-13 I really think that the age of 10 and up can watch it. It was rated pg-13 only because of language and violence. Altogether I thought it was a pretty great movie. Out of 10 I would probably rate it a 9.5. I really enjoyed the movie and recommend it if you are looking for some action and the true meaning of family.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Interface is consistent with free solitaire version.  Very intuitive.  Screen rotates with kindle fire flawlessly.  Click thru for advertisement of their other games is slightly annoying, but hey, the game is free.  Works great on Kindle Fire.
0002247402|1.0|I am loathe to add another negative review, but puhleeeeease! What happened to plot here? The first books were original and riveting, and the writing was inspired. I was mesmerized. Now I have another 300 characters I am supposed to keep track of, none of whom I care about. (ok, I exaggerate, but not by much). Nothing really happened to advance any detectable plot. I think the Tolkien comparisons may have gone to Martin's head. Every good book deserves an ending. I can almost see this going down Robert Jordan's path. I am not inclined to watch ( or read, as the case may be) another brilliantly conceived fantasy series trickle down to crap because the author either didn't know how to wrap it up or was so enamored of the cash-cow that he simply lost sight of his story and his readers. I truly hope Martin pulls this one back together and actually has an idea where he is headed with this series. And that if he does, he doesn't bore us with a whole lot more inconsequential minutiae on the way. The 1 star review is based probably solely upon my utter disappointment. This series started so brilliantly, and now it feels like a thud.
B0064TVQ5E|5.0|Good game....keeps you going....only played the red dragon so far but am happy with this game....wish we could change tile faces tho.
0307455874|3.0|Obama is certainly a good writer and his editors seem to be top notch.  He is very concise and his prose is very clear and well thought out.  I just don't see much substance here.  I'm not singling Obama out here, it's the same with most top politicians in the country.  Style over substance.  It's not all the fault of the politicians though, it's the way the corporate media covers them and the elections as well.  That said, this book is pretty standard.  You can guess what it is like and you would probably be correct. If you already like him, it won't change your mind.  If you don't like him, it won't change your mind.  One of the only things I learned about him that had me wondering was what role his father-in-law played in the US backed Suharto regime in Indonesia in which perhaps the greatest genocide since WW2 occurred in E. Timor.  Obama says his father-in-law was in the Indonesian military at the time, and he had connections with the US military.  Did Obama's father-in-law help carry out the massacre?  More substance less style.
B000AGTPUK|5.0|this movie is a favorite for my 4 year old, although some scenes were intense for him at 3.  he loves watching it over and over; well-done film.
B006J3Y20Q|5.0|Ms. Lowry's \\"The Giver\\" falls into the category of 'Young Adult Fiction.' This is a pity because, speaking as a 51-year-old man who also is an avid reader, adults could learn a lot from this small, thought-provoking book. Granted, the prose are not very colorful, but the story moves along at a brisk pace and, at a mere 179 pages, even people who rarely open a book should be able to make it to the end. I read Ms. Lowry's work because my 13-year-old son's 8th-grade, English class was assigned it. I was very pleased to know this excellent book was part of their curriculum. It's a great, yet somewhat downbeat, story to help kids as well as adults think outside their limited purviews. Well done.
B003F3NE1Q|5.0|How can you not love Grey's anatomy.  What a great series.  I don't get tired of watching.  I've watched the series twice.
B004DLPXAO|4.0|Instead of trying to fit my kindle fire in my pocket (not easy by the way) I just downloaded the kindle app for Android and I was on the go with the same books on my phone that are on my kindle!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the games are great really like the way you have to get certain scores to win. Great time killer. Excellence
0446547654|5.0|I have every Nicholas Sparks book.  This is one of my very favorites.  It is one which is hard to put down because one wants to know what happens next.  It has an ending I wasn't prepared for, however.  Keep a box of Kleenex handy.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|Spammy crap, froze my phone - I had to pull the battery. I Uninstalled this and my phone was back to normal,...plus the games are low tech poop.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|so far its enticing, you want to do well so you can unlock the rest but not all the starting games are that great
B005ZOBNOI|5.0|I got my copy the day after release and finished it same day!  It was a fantastic book (but in the lyrics of Hank Green, it wasn't Harry Potter) and i am already going through it a second time, cause i am that odd.  I am also hunting for a Hanklerfish or Yeti, mine was neither (it was signed in green however, one down!).  Now the book did not make me cry, as sad as parts were, and i think the reason was John did a fantastic job bringing Hazel and the others to life.  I knew Hazel wouldn't want pity, so i didn't.  I loved Hazel's view on having cancer, and while she did act so teenagery sometimes, which honestly she should, it didnt make me dislike her any less.  Loved Gus as well, especially the Christmas Tree line (i dont think this is spoilery cause if you havnt read it, you shouldnt know what this is.) and his laid back goofy attitude at the whole cancer thing.  I was also smiling at a few locations mentioned that i've seen in vlogbrother videos.  It did remind me of Looking For Alaska a tiny bit, but whos to say that is bad?  (just reminded me of the before and after, the stories are nothing alike)  Overall, thank you John for such a wonderful read, and thank you to everyone who helped him make it great!  DFTBA and Best Wishes!
B005K17RU0|5.0|I have 2 Aneroid phone with it on them runs great just put it on my kindle 3 weeks ago and it runs even better.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think this app is WONDERFULL, because u can play great games. u get good at games and then you can unlock more, and you can play games you already passed it is overall. a great app 2 get!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|some are very hard others seem too easy has become very addictive, grandchildren like to play as well. would be nice if games didn't take so many points to unlock
B0056BU3I2|5.0|This movie is awesome. Reuniting all the main characters from the franchise was a good idea. The action sequence is unbelievable
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This YouVersion Bible app for my Kindle is very easy to use. You can go from book to book very easily. You have a choice of versions and a very large choice of devotions to use everyday. This Bible will read your Scripture for your devotions also, this is so cool. This is nice when you have things to do, just let it read to you. I am enjoying this Bible very much.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I liked it alot it was fun and it keep me and my family enterain there were a lot I liked and how it gave me points
B006GG1KOC|4.0|downloaded this for my special needs students and they have enjoyed playing it so far. It would be nice if there wad a short explanation of why an item is different or why it doesn't belong with the grouping. It leads to a good conversation of figuring out why an item may or may not belong though. Pretty good app for free!
B004WDRT1Y|5.0|it's just an awesome animation movie the whole time classic.<br /><br />the songs, and the voices and characters,<br />and the enhanced animation....<br /><br />just.... gotta have one!!!!<br />(for the kids, or for yourself!)
B0054JZC6E|2.0|I played the game once then uninstalled it. Not challenging at all just annoying really, but that is just my opinion.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app makes keeping up with my Bible reading lessons super easy. Being a busy college student makes this app perfect for reading lessons between class and when I start to get discouraged
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love. it. fun and hard. perfect for. free totally. worth it  please. excuse. typos. 5stars for sure. if you buy it good. choice
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great app to play to pass time! the knots game on the second page is pretty impossible, though. great download.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This app make solitaire on the go easy and enjoyable with cards that are just the right size and an interface that is straightforward.
B006GG1KOC|4.0|I couldn't believe how many &quot;adults&quot; talked so negative about this app, complaining its boring for them when clearly this app was meant for for CHILDREN! So stop crying cuz this app was not meant for you :&gt;  Besides that point, I thought this game was great. I got it for my boyfriends niece who's 4 years. I thought it would keep her busy and a learn a few things. I'm sure it gave his family a rest for a while :)
B0054JZC6E|3.0|this is lots of little games that I like to play for fun when I get bored. which is like all the time cause I like games
B006GG1KOC|2.0|Frankly I saw many flaws in the thought process behind several of the sets of pictures. Far too many had multiple &quot;correct&quot; answers. I can see why a child would become frustrated playing this game.
B005721W9O|5.0|As a major Star Trek fan, I am surprised no one ever recommended this movie to me.  For the time it was made I believe everything in this movie is a win including the special effect, (now a little dated of course), the sets, the acting, the characterization, the Star Trek spoofs, the balance between humor and drama, and the plot line.  If you are a Star Trek fan this movie is an ABSOLUTE MUST SEE, perhaps even dozens or hundreds of times.  Fortunately, even if you are not a fan of Star Trek this movie brings enough to the table by itself that I still would recommend it.  Although many people have heard of this movie, I think more people need to hear about it.  Spread the word!
0525478817|5.0|I've never read a book that moved me as much as this one did in a long time. Much different from his other books and it shows he's growth as a writer since he wrote Looking for Alaska.
1419702203|5.0|This book is absolutely wonderful... Don't know which came first-- the book or the documentary, but they are both amazing... it is a beautiful book, insight-fully written with fantastic pictures.  A book to keep and share for many years!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love that this app is offline..I was worried that i would always have to have internet access when i go to church
1603425381|5.0|Bought this for my mum who likes to crochet blankets. She absolutely LOVED it. Great pictures and directions.The best book of its kind .
B0063IH60K|4.0|This is a good simple version of basic solitaire. It works well on my Kindle Fire. Since it is free, you. would not ask for more.
B006GG1KOC|5.0|It was pretty hard when the levels got higher, but fun. I was hoping there would be 100 levels. MG-age 5
0525478817|5.0|In The Fault in Our Stars, author John Green tackles the major questions of existence with humor, honesty, and grace.  The narrator (Hazel) is dealing with a terminal form of cancer and yet this is not a story about dying but rather a story about truly living.  Through the lives of the two main characters Green shows us that we are all in fact terminal, but that we largely decide how to spend our brief moments of life.  Most lives are not triumphs or tragedies purely, but they are filled with moments of both.<br /><br />I would heartily recommend this novel to a wide audience far beyond the Young Adult crowd.  Personally, I became aware of Green through his YouTube efforts and eagerly awaited this book.  My only regret is that I read it at one sitting, but I simply could not put it down.  A masterful, coming-of-age story.  Wonderful and poignant.  Laughter and tears.  I will definitely be passing this book on to the readers in my life.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|passes time and I like the point system and how you get more games the more you play def nice since its free
B002ZG98C8|5.0|If you want a really fun film, with lots of over the top action AND a sense of humor, this is the flick for you. I think the one thing that sets a Rodreguiz film apart from others of this genre is his sense of humor. I always have a big smile on my face when I'm watching Machete, Planet Terror, Dusk 'till dawn, the spy kids series, and just about anything else he does. Everytime I watch Machete I notice a quick verbal joke or a visual I haven't noticed before and that's why I can watch his films over and over. It's nice to see Danny Trejo as the a** kicking ex-federale too. The visuals are cool, the spanglish is cool,and Michelle Rodreguiz and Jessica Alba are hot. A fun film, one I will be watching many times. Lets hope he produces a few more of these in the future.
B000002KDM|5.0|Great old CD from JT.  One of my favorites and even though it was slightly used the quality was perfect.
B004LWZW4M|5.0|I really loved this movie.  It was the best.  I saw the original planet of the apes, but this one really hit its mark.
B000X2H8G4|4.0|I bought this because my mother is in very poor health, and cannot deal with her hearing aids anymore. when I recieved it  I had to try it obviously. I was impressed by the decibal's (amplification) and cannot imagine needing more. That being said, the sound quality is poor, sounds like talking inside a tincan. Also, I was hoping the microphone was more directional so we could point it at the TV and she could hear it. Not sorry I bought it, for the cost it performs ok
B004I8WD6E|5.0|I bought this for my wife's new phone and she loves it. Impact protection is towards the low end but scratch protection is fantastic. The design on back is to prevent the sandwich smears that you encounter with a clear case, if that makes sense. Great blend of soft case and hard, falls somewhere towards the hard case.<br /><br />Would buy again if I can convince her to let me have a 4S as well.
B004EPZ06Q|5.0|arrived quickly and the price was great. It's a great movie and made me laugh so that I cried. I buy many movies from Amazon and am always satisfied.
B001LF3YQK|5.0|Super practical and easy to use, you can put anywhere, and bring me in the diaper bag! I love .
B002BSHWUU|2.0|So yeah the sound quality is good, the box is sturdy but it's overkill for what us contained within.  It's just The Beatles albums the same as if you bought them seperate just crammed into a cd sized holder in the center of a black box.  It's decent for a Beatles fan but for me this band is majorally overrated and not overly good in my opinion so the music part of this set I care little for naymore, I ended up giving the set to my wife as a greatest hits album is good enough for me for this band as I hate all their early bop stuff and only like select parts of later albums.
B006GG1KOC|5.0|I am enjoying playing this game.  I'm sure kids woulds enjoy this also.  Nothing wrong with offering apps  for kids!
B000WZAE1I|5.0|I haven't watched it yet but it was in perfect condition when I got it.  I am excited to watch it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This app is a lot of fun.  Lots of different games so you are never bored. Great way to keep from being bored.
1466401885|2.0|Where to start?? I liked this book and then I really, really didn't. Abby is a girl with a past that is starting her freshman year of college with her best friend. She is a \\"good girl\\" doesn't party or sleep around. When her friend America drags her to an underground fight she meets Travis Maddox, the undefeated fighter. He's a bit of a man slut and he is intrigued by Abby who isn't fooled by him. They become friends and eventually, finally, become lovers. That's when everything goes downhill.   Up until they get together, Travis is normal. But once together, he becomes an over-protective, love-obsessed lunatic. He gets her name tattooed on him after like, a day and starts talking about rings and marriage. She is rightly alarmed. That's what I never got. He is truly crazy and needs help and SHE KNOWS IT, but eventually gives in anyway and none of her concerns are ever talked about or reconciled.   Why he is crazy:   His idea of protecting her is beating the ever living crap out of someone and nearly killing them. He does this a lot. I have no idea why he isn't in jail. He manipulates her, he practically stalks her, calls her phone half-a-million times, destroys his apt after she leaves him, it goes on and on.   It's really a shame because I think this book could have been wonderful. The beginning is full of character, it has tension and it's sexy and sweet. Then it just becomes a nightmare. She keeps leaving and keeps getting sucked in. But, that is apparently supposed to show why they are meant to be. He is only crazy because they are SO very much meant to be together. forever.
B006MHWXMS|5.0|I've tried several to do list apps, and this one works the best with gmail.  it also has a great interface
014241543X|5.0|Such a beautiful book. I felt like listening to classical music the entire time.   Mia has a nice life. Her parents are hip, former rockers that have a great sense of humor. Her little brother Teddy is hyper active, but adores her. Her rocker boyfriend, Adam, loves her. She has a bright career ahead of her playing the cello and she is waiting to see if she got into Juilliard. Life is good. And then it's suddenly not.   Have tissues because this book will make you cry at the most inopportune times. After a horrific car accident, Mia is stuck in between. She isn't sure whether she wants to stay or if she wants to go and isn't sure even how to make the decision. The book takes place over a couple of days and looks at how you might react if you could see your family and friends grieving, hoping, and praying that you will make it. What would you decide? How would you decide?  There's a lot of memories embedded that help show the actions of characters (not just Mia) and help you to understand the emotions everyone's feeling. It is put together very well and flows seamlessly. My heart ached and my fingers itched for an instrument that I don't even play! And the ending. Man, was that ending perfect. I could see it and hear it all perfectly in my head.   Read this and then IMMEDIATELY go read the sequel.
B004SGWYW4|5.0|I really enjoyed this. I know some say the story gets a little redundant, yeah sooo! The animation was great, camera view changes and all. Great Buy!
0525422943|5.0|As much as I loved the first book, I think I loved this one more. Telling the story from Adam's pov is genius and it works so well. Being a rockstar has made Adam into a paranoid, depressed, insomniac. He isn't happy and he isn't in love with music anymore. Without it, he is lost. It's been three years since Mia left for Juilliard and never came back for him.   This book was beautiful. The prose, the emotion, the dialogue, the music...it's all beautiful. Adam is so very lost. He is spinning around and around a drain and cant seem to get out of it. When he sees Mia's poster in the park he decides to go to her concert. Not to see her. Just to hear her. But being a rockstar makes being a nobody impossible and they run into each other.   As someone who has a relationship that could be pulled in different directions, I really understood the emotions and reasoning of both people. Unlike Mia, I chose to sacrifice moving, but I didn't have an amazing career in music waiting for me like she did. She also had other reasons and I found those surprising. It was really strange not having Mia's voice and having to rely on what she was like from the previous book to get a good grasp of her. Gayle Forman is officially on my auto-buy list. A master of contemporary romance. More please.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|just like the full version that costs money on the ipad. another reason the kindle is better. if u r seriously skeptical about getting this game and r checking the reviews then you must live under a rock
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|Great movie!  They did a great job in translating the book to film.  There certainly were parts necessary to omit for time or content such as not going into the extent of abuse Minny suffers at the hands of her husband, but it is a great representation of the story itself.  It brings a great story to life and I had to add it to my home library to be able to watch repeatedly since I have read the book three times.    For those people who have not either read the book or seen the movie this is a must as it is a touching and necessary look into a part of our not so distant past of segregation that still has undertones today.  What was also so much a part of the movie were the smells and tastes of the food that many of us were brought up to love in the kitchens of our mothers and grandmothers that felt like home.    Wonderful book and great movie!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is one of the best Bible apps I've seen... Works great! I really like the audio aspect of it.. when I'm too tired to read, it reads to me... very nice :)
B006WWNUFC|5.0|WARNING!!!!! If you purchase this episode you will be getting the premier of The Finder whether you like it or not. As far as the Bones episode goes, it is a MUST HAVE
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I have no problems with this game on my kindle fire. I love how it has many games to play from! wonderful game to have.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Its easy and fun and a great distraction while waiting at the dmv or doctors office, and the kids love it.
B006GG1KOC|4.0|the only reason it gets 4 stars is the feedback after you choose the correct image. it could be a lot better w/ clapping or cheering.
B004BCT2HU|4.0|From the various reviews, \\"David Garrett: Rock Symphonies\\" DVD seems great.  But, Amazon indicates releasing the David Garrett's Blu-ray DVD, \\"Open Air Live\\" in the future. It will not only be higher quality, being Blu-ray, but also supposedly will have almost twice as many songs. Amazon doesn't make it clear if this new US offering will be playable on North American Blu-ray disk players as opposed to European players.  Any comments?  Thanks.
B005WFWVL4|1.0|This is not a review of the Blu-Ray Contagion so much as it is a review of the Ultraviolet Digital Copy.  Ultraviolet is HORRIBLE!    - First and foremost, there is NO SUPPORT FOR iTUNES!!!  - You have to create 2 separate accounts - one for Flixter and one for Ultraviolet and they don't talk to each other very well.  The user-interface is completely NOT intuitive or easy to navigate.  - Streaming is what they really want you to do with YOUR digital copy.  This is an attempt to tell you HOW, WHEN and WHERE you can use YOUR digital media!    - Streaming on iOS devices is horrible.  I got nothing but crashes, hangs and horrible image quality.  - DO NOT SUPPORT ULTRAVIOLET DIGITAL COPIES!  Give consumers a choice to either download digital copies to iTunes, Windows Media Player, or use the crappy UV/Flixster tandem of lameness!
B004SIIBGU|5.0|Easy to use and never have any issues - I use it with my Kindle Fire and HTC Ego 4G
B003H9M1Q2|5.0|this was exactly what i was looking for and it was in perfect condition. it came out to be the perfect christmas gift.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I lost so much time just playing these mini games and I really racked up the points. They are great to kill some time.... so beware ....
B006JPS1OM|5.0|This game is loads of fun with clues and puzzles. Great and time well spent. I couldn't stop playing. Great for anyone
B004ZY0VHY|2.0|The story itself was interesting. This could have been a great book, if someone else wrote it. I admit that it's possible the author is a beautiful writer and I'm just not smart enough to get it. All the big words and complex sentences sounded to me like he was trying too hard to sound intelligent. It was very difficult to read and I'm not an uneducated person. I also didn't like how the story is told through letters that Kevin's mother is writing to her husband. I can't recommend this book to anyone. I much preferred \\"Nineteen Minutes\\" by Jodi Picoult.
B001O2ZW1A|4.0|I found Insurgents hard to get into to begin with but like most of Wilsons side projects, it does grow on you. It shines in 5.1 surround. The title track is utterly brilliant but there is still a bit of filler. A stepping stone for for what was to come with the essential Grace For Drowning. Update: After many years of listening to this, I now rate it as good, if not better than Grace. After experiencing a lot of it live, it finally clicked. Now I cannot stop listening to it!
B006GG1KOC|5.0|very bright colors. My daughter loves it.  It is very fun and easy to use. The music is not loud and.annoying like other kid apps.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|When I downloaded this app,  I didn't think it would be much. It has been so amazing I couldn't believe it.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|Risk makes me want to spoon my eyes out from boredom. Watching other people roll dice endlessly is utter devastation. At least with Settlers every dice roll can possibly have a positive outcome for you and your army of little wooden roads, settlements and cities. It also teaches you how to bargain (read as: steal) resources from your friends by hooodwinking and convincing them that they are getting a 'good trade'. True beauty.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|the game is ok it really has no objective to it ill recommend this only if u like mini games
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Its handy to know that I have access to my work computer from anywhere in case I need some files or other intimation stored on there.  Also doubles as a remote for my home PC.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is actually a good app and has a bunch of good mini games that are actually some what challenging and are very time.consuming when.your.bored
B004HO6I4W|1.0|I was really disapointed with this bluray, the dvd works fine, but the bluray does not works, as a matter of fact it was not loaded or read by my sony bluray player, i delivered that product to overseas, but i need some suport to change my prodcut<br /><br />on september 2012 i returned the BD movie to the addres provided, but i havent received a new product that can be played o my BD player region 1 or the refund of the money nor even a email explaining whats going on with that returned item, i suggest an improvement for the returning item service, cause at this momento i fell i lost my money
B0063IH60K|4.0|a nice, fun way to take up slow/down time. game works great, have had no issues. with it, quite enjoyable
B004SIIBGU|4.0|seems handy. I haven't tried it yet so I don't know why I have to send in a review before I even get to try it out..
B000JIHP88|5.0|This is the best mobile I have owned yet.  It is very soothing and I like how you can turn the mobile on or just the music.  My son enjoys it.  It is very well made and colourful!
B005K17RU0|5.0|I really like this app. It is great to be able to see what the weather is now and what the forecast is for the next 2 weeks.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This DVD is awesome!!  Great work out.  After the first day, I was soooo sore I had trouble going down the stairs my thighs were on fire!!  I have been doing it for a week and still find level 1 hard!!  She's great!
B006GG1KOC|2.0|This games is the worst ever there's only like one world if only there's was more worlds I would've rated it 5 star
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I really enjoying reading the devotions. I wish however that there was a plans alley for the weekends, there's one for five days a week but nothing for the two day only. overall I think its a great app
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game some are difficult but still very fun. I also like the different varieties of games not the same old stuff.
B003MC5N28|5.0|This book was read to my class in the 6th grade (1996-ish). I absolutely remembered nothing of it other than the fact that I liked it.<br /><br />Reading it 15 years or so later I still remember nothing of it except that same fact - I like it.<br /><br />The story follows Jonas into his twelfth year - the age at which future jobs / endeavors are prescribed by this apparently utopian society. At each age something is given, life is perfect the family is composed of mother, father and up to two children - at request. Food is abundant, the concept of `death' is non-existent, many things are hidden or circumvented in awkward terms...<br /><br />Jonas is selected for a very prestigious role - he is to be the `Receiver'. For there to be a receiver there must, by nature of implication, be a `Giver'.<br /><br />The Giver is the holder of the societies body of knowledge. He's much akin to an encyclopedia with the addition of the feeling, the aura-glow of those memories which are possessed within...<br /><br />He is boundless, he possesses pleasure, pain, war, hate, love... every emotionally straining & uplifting event that has ever happened in the history of civilization. While he holds these the community cannot experience any of them - however, because apathy is the status quo, the lack of feeling doesn't interfere with `normal' life.... Until you've received the memory and you question `how is not feeling this any good for the people lacking it?'
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Having fun, it is helping passing time.  I wish I could open the games faster.  Otherwise pretty good not much thought easy to understand.
B006GG1KOC|4.0|this game was easy, I finished it in 5 minutes. but some of them didn't make sense. this game would be perfect for a child.
B0000E6XH3|5.0|So happy I bought this, as I believe it will be a collector's item. Such a huge fan of Daft Punk....
B0054JZC6E|4.0|sometimes it isn't fast enough about keeping up with your finger movement other than that it is an ok app. most of the hands are good to play
B0054JZC6E|5.0|cool Bc instead of buying 100000000 games u can just buy 1 : 116 games I think this is a pretty cool game
B006GG1KOC|5.0|I will and would recommend, this was great for my 3 year old and my 1 year old to play especially during my older sons pratice.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app. Very easy to use. Very nice to have all these translations of Gods word at your finger tips.
0394826817|3.0|This book is very negative.  There is a lot in it about what NOT to do.  My 2.5-year-old daughter tends to copy what she sees, so I don't particularly want to show her a lot of pictures of things I don't want her to do.  Fully half of the pictures in this book are of negative behaviors instead of positive ones.  The book is composed of 7 stories.    The Busy Day shows Huckle and Lowly washing their faces, brushing their teeth, getting dressed, eating breakfast (after they brushed their teeth!?), helping to clear the table, going to school, etc., on through bedtime.  It deals with a few issues of manners, like chewing food slowly and quietly, using a fork (\\"nobody ever eats with his fingers\\"), taking turns, and not tracking mud into the house.   The next story is Pig Will and Pig Won't.  It is about how Pig Will got to have a fun day helping his father work, while Pig Won't had a boring day at home.  It's an entertaining little lesson about how work can be fun and how it's nice to be helpful.  A Visit With Tillie is a very short story about a tea party.  People shake hands as they enter and say thank you as they leave, and in between there are a couple of illustrations of both good and bad behavior.  Seargeant Murphy's Safety Rules is mostly an illustrated list of things you should not do:  don't push people, don't lean out the window, don't throw sticks, etc.  There are a few do's, like use the crosswalk and fasten your seatbelt, but the seatbelt one shows a picture of a doll getting thrown from the car because she wasn't following the rule.  Dolly's Birthday Party show some typical things that happen at a birthday party -- opening presents, eating cake, and playing a game, and it does include two examples of saying thank you.  It also shows a boy crying because he doesn't get to open presents and Lowly getting a tail pinned to him during Pin the Tail on the Donkey (which doesn't hurt him, apparently).  Lowly Worm's Horrid Pests was my least favorite story.  Every single picture in this one is about people doing things that are not nice: littering, stealing, hitting, fighting, etc.  Again, in a book that is called a Please and Thank You Book, I had expected the focus to be on how to be polite.  Of course, it is saying NOT to do these things, but still, it is not what I want to focus on.  The last story, Good Friends and Neighbors, is mostly about doing nice things -- helping with chores, giving a get-well card, sharing, giving presents, giving kisses (on the lips!), obeying your parents, etc.    On the plus side, the illustrations are funny in typical Richard Scarry style, and older kids will probably have fun noticing all the little details and talking about the various things that are happening.  For an older child who has already learned about good and bad behavior, this book could be an entertaining way to reinforce those things.
B004UID2LC|5.0|My family travels a lot so when I bought the kindlefire in November, I was disappointed there was no free Tv shows or movies without wifi so I'm really happy now and it is AMAZING!! works well on kindlefire, besides if u don't like it u can just delete it
B004VMUS9G|5.0|well this is a very useful app and does what it is suppose to do so that is good enough for my book! I also love the option to increase the sound over time rather then one loud blast all at once.
B006GG1KOC|1.0|this game is not the best game in the world. it entertains you for 5 minutes and then ur bored again I don't recommended this game.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app is fun for all ages, from my 5 year old to me. My children ask me to play all the time.
B0063IH60K|3.0|too many ads... annoying and slows t down... don't need to overdo them loaded with great options for play... good to ease boredom
B006JPS1OM|4.0|really like search games this one has a plot not just searching for things. no issues so far with loading or freezing. would really recommend. love it with my kindel fire.
044661758X|5.0|This addition to the Harry Bosch series is highly recommended. Bosch finds himself in a real pickle when the department is sued in a civil rights case where Bosch kills a suspect that he believed was a serial killer. However, the evidence is somewhat tainted by the process Bosch followed and there are questions as to if the guy he killed was the real killer. During the trial a few other bodies turn up and it is learned that these were killed after Bosch had killed the supposed serial killer. In fact some of the methods used to kill these latest victims follow those of the serial killer Bosch killed, but there are some details missing and others that are new.   While the trial is progressing Bosch and his chief determine they may have a copycat killer and a task force is formed to investigate. However the plaintiff's attorney comes to court with details of the killings and tries to use them to solidify her case that Bosch killed the wrong man and that the killer is still out there. While Bosch tries to balance the court case and the new killings he also has to try and find time for a new love in his life and all of this drains him. He losses concentration, sleep, and possibly the girl he loves when she askes for some time away from him to think about things.   Bosch zeros in on who he thinks is the copycat killer and the task force goes to work to try and prove it. However they learn they were wrong and Bosch then develops information that points to someone else and the task force focuses there only to learn again they were wrong. At this point the jury returns with the verdict in the case and Bosch after hearing the verdict realizes that he may have overlooked something. Another body shows up dead and this time defiled even more that previous ones. Bosch thinks he knows who the killer is but can he prove it?  The book has a very good ending, one that many mystery buffs would applaud. The author has really out done himself in this work and I suggest you get a copy and read the story.
B0055V6EZE|1.0|This album is the worst Blues Music Ive ever heard unless you want to hear the 20s or 30s version.This artist is not the quality of BB King, Jonny Lang, or Joe Bonamassa.
0756404738|2.0|(WARNING: SPOILERS)<br /><br />KVOTHE: Hi y'alls, welcome back to the awesome story of my awesome life! I'm still in the University and basically just doing the same stuff as usual...ya know, working my cute lil tushie off to pay for my tuition, mooning after Denna/Dianne/Daene (omg she is so mysterious I love her), and going out of my way to annoy Malfoy, I mean, Ambrose. So anyway, I managed to annoy Ambrose so badly that he sued me. Can you believe that? I mean seriously, how lame was that?? It's so lame that I'm not gonna tell you ANYTHING about the whole process and how I managed to convince the judges of the Iron Law to let me off scot-free.<br /><br />Anyways y'alls, after that, everyone was like, Kvothe you are so full of scandal, you should go on a vacay for a semester and lie low like Charlie Sheen did, ya know? So then my boy Threpe was like, I got your back, I'll write you a recommendation letter so you can go work for this billionaire in Severen. So I was like, well okay...and along the way to Severen I had all these exciting adventures with PIRATES and stuff, but I'm not gonna tell you anything about that either.<br /><br />So when I got to Severen, y'alls aren't gonna believe who I ran into. Guess. Omg you have to guess. It's Denna!!! Well, except she's Alora now (omg her name changes so often it shows how mysterious she is I love herrrr). So we were all like, Omg! Why are you here? Let's flirt in verse! And it was totally romantic. Anyway, then I went to the billionaire, who's the Maer (I think it means Mayor) and his doctor mixed his poison like, right in front of me, so I was like, \\"Omg Maer, your doctor is totally poisoning you!\\" And he was like, Omg! So I totally saved his life. And then the Maer was like, \\"Kvothe, there's this chick I wanna marry. Go be my wingman.\\" And I was like, sure Maer. And then after I hooked them up with each other, he was like, \\"Kvothe, as your reward for saving my life and getting the love of my life for me, I am sending you to the wilderness to look for bandits.\\"<br /><br />Okay, so y'alls remember that part in Harry Potter book 7 where they were wandering about in the wild for like, EVER, and Ron was all whiny? This was exactly like that, except we were all grown-ups (except me, but I don't count cause I'm so awesome). So for about 200 pages y'alls, we just went round and round the wilderness looking for bandits, but that's okay cause I got to learn yoga from this ninja. Then we caught the bandits and I was like, DIE, BANDITS. And they died. And everyone was like, YAY KVOTHE, you are so awesome! And I was like, you know it! But on the way back to the Maer's pad we came across this 1000-yr old sex goddess Felurianwho was bathing nekkid in the moonlight. So OF COURSE I was like, zomgs y'alls, I need to lose my virginity to her. And they were like, noooo! But I ditched them all and went after Felurian.<br /><br />Felurian and I totally had amazing sex. It was almost as awesome as my hair. Serious. She was like, Omg you're the best I ever had, and I was like, same here, I'm the best I ever had too. And then she was like, Kvothe, you totally have to get out there and sleep with as many women as possible to prove that you've been with me. And I was like, well okay, but only cause you insist, babe. And then she was like, Kvothe you are so awesome I'm gonna make you a cloak out of unicorn farts and moonbeams and in the meantime we can live off flowers and deer sashimi. For the next 100 pages or so. Oh, I also ran into this tree thingy called the Cthaeh but the tree was totally being mean to me and reminding me that I was kinda cheating on Denna, so I was like, screw you! And then I ran back and cried on Felurian's lap.<br /><br />Anyway, when I finally got tired of Felurian, I dumped her and came back to the real world. She's kinda old for me anyway. I mean, I was only 16, and she was like, senior citizen times 15. So I came back to the Maer...oh wait, I didn't. I went to learn to be atotal NINJA. Omg did I not tell y'alls how awesome I am?? So now I'm not only an arcanist, a genius, a musician, and the world's greatest lovah, I'm also a NINJA. I totally whoop a$$ y'alls. Okay, so AFTER THAT I finally went back to the Maer...except that I didn't again!! Lol, yea I had to take a detour to save these two chicks from kidnappers y'alls. I dunno why that happened in the book other than to make me look less like a horndog and more like a hero.<br /><br />FIIIIINALLY...I went back to the Maer. When I got back to his pad, he sent me a message and was all, \\"Kvothe see me in 15.\\" But I was like, \\"Uhhh, I haven't even chosen my outfit yet!!\\" And then he got all angry cause I was like all fashionably late, but I mean, come ON. I'm Kvothe! How can he stay angry at THIS? So anyway, he gave me his bank account details and was like, I'm a billionaire, use as much money as you want.<br /><br />So then I came back to the University, where Dumbledore became sick and Snape became headmaster. Oh wait, I mean, Lorren became sick. Or was it Arwyl? Wait, who's the Chancellor again? Anyway, y'alls know what I'm talking about right. Oh, and then for NO REASON AT ALL, I decided to write to Malfoy, I mean Ambrose, and tell him that he made some chick preggo. LOL! I am so witty I crack myself up. Anyway, the only disguise I put on when I delivered the letter was a hat. Hahaha, omg I am so daring y'alls. Oh yeah, I also got to see Denna again, only she didn't like the fact that I'm now a manwhore, which is kinda hypocritical of her cause like, uhhh, at least I don't have a pimp who beats me like she does, so whatever. At least Ron and Hermione, I mean, Simmon and Fela, were glad to have me back, even though Fela was like checking me out right in front of Simmon. But Simmon understood that I am Kvothe and no woman can resist me, so he was like, Kvothe, you are so awesome I'm so glad I'm your best friend. And I was like, you know it. And then I slept with more women.<br /><br />THE END.total NINJA. Omg did I not tell y'alls how awesome I am?? So now I'm not only an arcanist, a genius, a musician, and the world's greatest lovah, I'm also a NINJA. I totally whoop a$$ y'alls. Okay, so AFTER THAT I finally went back to the Maer...except that I didn't again!! Lol, yea I had to take a detour to save these two chicks from kidnappers y'alls. I dunno why that happened in the book other than to make me look less like a horndog and more like a hero.<br /><br />FIIIIINALLY...I went back to the Maer. When I got back to his pad, he sent me a message and was all, \\"Kvothe see me in 15.\\" But I was like, \\"Uhhh, I haven't even chosen my outfit yet!!\\" And then he got all angry cause I was like all fashionably late, but I mean, come ON. I'm Kvothe! How can he stay angry at THIS? So anyway, he gave me his bank account details and was like, I'm a billionaire, use as much money as you want.<br /><br />So then I came back to the University, where Dumbledore became sick and Snape became headmaster. Oh wait, I mean, Lorren became sick. Or was it Arwyl? Wait, who's the Chancellor again? Anyway, y'alls know what I'm talking about right. Oh, and then for NO REASON AT ALL, I decided to write to Malfoy, I mean Ambrose, and tell him that he made some chick preggo. LOL! I am so witty I crack myself up. Anyway, the only disguise I put on when I delivered the letter was a hat. Hahaha, omg I am so daring y'alls. Oh yeah, I also got to see Denna again, only she didn't like the fact that I'm now a manwhore, which is kinda hypocritical of her cause like, uhhh, at least I don't have a pimp who beats me like she does, so whatever. At least Ron and Hermione, I mean, Simmon and Fela, were glad to have me back, even though Fela was like checking me out right in front of Simmon. But Simmon understood that I am Kvothe and no woman can resist me, so he was like, Kvothe, you are so awesome I'm so glad I'm your best friend. And I was like, you know it. And then I slept with more women.<br /><br/>THE END.
1401223176|5.0|Granted, I haven't read that many Batman graphic novels yet, this one simply outclasses all the others I have read. The art is fantastic and the story is compelling. It grabs you and pulls you into a whirlwind of chaos created by the mystery character, Hush while also employing full use of nearly the entire rogue's gallery of Batman villains. The interaction/relationship between Batman and Catwoman is a must read for fans of the either and will definitely leave you wanting more.<br /><br />I would definitely recommend that you pick this one up and give it a shot if you are a fan of Batman.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I have had no problems using this on the fire. easy to down load and pull up. great app. only have had the fire for two weeks.
1881273156|5.0|This book was recommended to my by a friend! I thought it was excellent. Helps you learn about other peoples way of expressing their love since not everyone does it the same.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|very addictive!!! I cant stop playing just need more points and it is time consuming! stayed on it all day trying to open up as many games as possible in one day lol
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I thought it was great and it had so many games  but It didn't say how to play them cool
B0063IH60K|5.0|Fantastic app! Easy to use, sleek and simple interface, a well-rounded application for fans of the game, very cool winning deal function.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I use this on my ipod and my Kindle Fire. I highly recommend it. It has totally changed the way I read my Bible now.
B004ZJZQBK|4.0|Given the fast action, the Blu-Ray version is a MUST-HAVE. Jerry (my husband) and I watched the regular DVD in our bedroom after we got this Blue-Ray combo. We don't have a Blu-Ray player there. Great movie of course, great action but... We then after a day or two put the Blu-Ray disc in our family room's Blu-Ray player to watch the alternative opening scene. And in doing so, we fond ourselves watching the ENTIRE movie again! Because really, this movie deserves a High-Def, 1080p viewing given its action, its amazing bullet effects, and so forth. We are thrilled we didn't just get the regular DVD version only.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|WONDERFUL!!  I absolutley love this concert and cannot say enough about it, well worth it!!  Adele is great and very funny...I love to watch this and have watched it plenty, and with the bonus CD I can take the entire concert in the car with me....I hope she has a concert in Canada sometime soon...I will definatly be there!!
B005K17RU0|4.0|good weather app I like it on my kindle fire I use this app as well as weather channel app I like using both and comparing them
B0054JZC6E|3.0|fun games. many choices to choose from. good graphics and response time on the kindle fire. I would recommmend this app to others.
B000ELJBAK|3.0|I agree with \\"Moses\\" on one point, that this sounds like Pink Floyd rehashed. But I think David Gilmour is a very excellent guitarist. He just doesn't sound much different here. A kind of a waste of money. \\"Animals\\"etc are a lot better if you want to hear his good guitar playing.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|I usually don't read books in this genre, I like to read about things that can really happen.  So many of my friends were talking about what a good book it was, I decided to give it a try.  The first couple of chapters were ok, I even stopped reading it for a couple of weeks to read something else.  But once I got about half way through, I couldn't put it down. I was anxious to see what was going to happen next.  Katniss is a young girl who is chosen from her district for the Hunger Games.  Each year young people have to fight to the death to see who survives.  Crazy right??  Well all that she has go to through to make it to the games and through them, are very interesting.  I would recommend this book to anyone looking for something a little different to read.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Cool game, but the update erases your progress. has lots of great minigames that are fun to play. Too hard to get enough coins for level 4 plus. great game and really fun, but complications steal two stars.
B005SAP45I|1.0|Tried to download while on train. Instructions led me to believe this was possible. Can't remove charge from account. Can't seem  to contact amazon about it, only get \\"canned responses\\" from help.  Won't ever use amazon video again.
0765350386|5.0|I like to browse Listmania and see what other people are reading and recommending, I browsed The epic Fantasy section and I saw a lot of the classics lord of the Rings, Sword of Truth, Wheel of Time, and Shanara.  But I kept seeing Brain Sanderson, and Mistborn pop up. I went and Read the reviews hear and thought I'll give it a try.<br /><br />The book is Amazing, I love the non typical way it's told and the fantasy/Steampunky world that was created.  The main Character Vin is a girl but a tomboy, sort of learning to be a girl, The action when it happens is fast paced.  There is a lot of dialog, for a fantasy, and there's a vague description of the world not every meticulous flower in the garden, but enough so you know what's going on. The way the Magic or Allomancy work is simple to follow really interesting.  This novel has a lot of twist and turns reminded me of a good heist film where you don't know who to trust and everyone has an angle., I'm pretty good at guessing but there was a few that I was really surprised at.<br /><br />  The book will make you really thin of social issues and what we can do as a Society to fix them.  The Book also has an interesting take on religion and being a profit.<br /><br />I recommend this novel for anybody that wants more out of fantasy, with out the redundant descriptions.  And for fans of the steam punk genre, this isn't exactly steampunk but it's damn close.
B006GG1KOC|5.0|A+ Nice balance of easy and hard.  Great for kids.  The hint helps when u get stuck.....recommend it....hope they offer more levels
B001OQCV6A|5.0|I was so excited to buy this movie. It is definitely one of my favorites and I can't wait for the second one to come out on DVD.
B0050DZ8J0|5.0|linkedin took its time to create an updated version of the app for the kindle fire. the wait was worth it. the interface is modern (very similar UI as the linked in app on my HTC thunderbolt) with a few touch ups for the kindle fire (like the weekly update) .
B005K17RU0|4.0|This is the same weather app that I have been using on my Droid phones, so I am pleased with the familiarity. Gives me all of the information I need in a simple, quick fashion.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this application is fun if u are bored, its great when u are like watching Tv and nothing good is on. it just need bigger awards when u beat the games
B005D9MUWY|4.0|This is hands down the best keyboard I have used. The audio recognition is excellent and the editable dictionary is nice.<br /><br />Audio detection on this app is very accurate, even with moderate background noise.  What I like best however that it shows you three possible choices in case of error.  The grammar is good enough that it even understands the differences between to, too, and two.  Need multiple sentences?  Say &quot;period&quot; pause just a moment, and continue speaking.<br /><br />The text prediction is pretty accurate, and can yield some entertaining results if you just go with it.  I turn off &quot;space selects text&quot; thoigh because on occassion it will suggest a longer word than you intended.<br /><br />The keyboard is responsive, and inpit is very quick.  My only main gripe aboit this keyboard is that it nedds a bit of space between the keys for larger thumbs and I'll sometimes catch a wrong key.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|Similar to the original, but with themes around Easter, Christmas, Valentine's Day, etc...  Very fun to play and as addicting as the original.  My sons love to play this over the original.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|good time waster, pretty fun games, the point ratios you need to hit to unlock the next set of games seem to get pretty ridiculous the higher you go, but hey it is free.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|Best alarm clock app I've seen. You can have the alarm play your digital music to wake up to, and you can alter the length of the crescendo as it builds up to full value.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good I liked it a lot. really fun. exciting. great. fun. entertaining cool and makes me feel very very very happy
B0063IH60K|4.0|Quality digital version of Solitaire. Has a hint function and high quality art assests. One annoyance is ad between every new deal but they're easy to skip.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i love it, i cant seem to quit playing. its so addicting. i don't play games much, but everyone should get this.
B0063IH60K|4.0|simple but fun solitaire game. works great on droid charge. no frills just plain fun. great app for the price (free!).
B0063GORYU|5.0|wonderful game to occupy the mine.  Love it this is one of the best games that I play on my kindle fire
B0062NAX1U|5.0|Why the MPAA can rate this movie as PG-13 then set PG (and G) movies with rotgut dialogue and visuals is no mystery considering their disdain for Christian faith. Even Sony is sure you see their \\"we don't agree with this\\" disclaimer for faith movies.   Hey Kendricks, next time just skip the MPAA and use the KBAA (Kendrick Brother) rating... or perhaps Dove association.  The Review:  My wife and I saw the movie once together then again with our 3 children (ages 6-11). THEY LOVED IT! And so did we. This movie will have you crying then moments later laughing then on the edge of your seat only to reach for the tissues again.  There's great drama, great humor (holding your gut humor), and great action.  The Kendrick Bro's up'd the notch again on the quality of their story-telling film making. Even my movie-allergic father loved the movie. So I'll probably get him a DVD too.  Our family can't wait to see the next Kendrick movie!  This movie has surprising twists and turns with no anticlimaxes and has satisfying conclusion.
B0063IH60K|4.0|great game, I especially like the feature that deals a hand that you know has a solution. Three card draw was always very difficult.
0811876373|3.0|Bought this for an 8 year old, but much more complicated than I expected.  Cute ideas but you will need time to make the suggested items.  Requires adult supervision and in many cases, the adult will actually have to do the work.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I find this game enjoyable and relaxing. Simple yet challenging.  It's great while sitting in a waiting room or at home.
B004LWZW4C|3.0|i like this movie and i enjoy with this transfer and this price when i buy very cheap. and also i have slipcase in this edition. but i see this feature very low not much i am afraid this have a another edition later.
B005HIREJK|3.0|I was quite taken in by the watch when I first saw it and even more so by the price, and quickly ordered it. But when the watch finally arrived, it was a bit disappointing as it was not what I had expected. Firstly, the outer ring of the dial on which the numerals rest slants inwards, and hence it makes the dial look small. The case is only 40 mm, although it looks bigger in the photos.  Secondly, the case is not completely matte finish like it looks, as quite a lot of it is a shiny chrome finish. Lastly, the strap started cracking at the holes after just a few wears; I expected a company like Seiko to provide more durable watch straps. However, on a positive note, the movement is flawless and chronograph works perfectly. Overall, it is not a bad looking watch but much smaller than it looks in the photos.
B004AOECUG|5.0|Very Good Story of true story boxer. The Acting Robert de niro makes this movie so alive. in 30 thn Anniversary very good transfer although in black and white. this edition have 1 blu and 1 dvd but i don't have a slipcase. it's a litte bit dot but not makes this film is bad.
0439023521|2.0|After hearing rave reviews from my daughter (14) and friends, I thought I should check it out.   What a waste. In this setting, the author had the opportunity to crrate a strong, independent young woman. Instead, we are presented by a selfish and surly 16 year old girl (like that is anything new) whose only redeeming quality is that she volunteers to take her younger sister's place in the Games.  Spoiler alert  Fast forward to the Games themselves. Our heroine is so self involved that she does not recognize a profession of love when she hears it. Further, throughout the book, Katniss despises the Capital and the Games, yet when she has a chance to make a difference, she simply does as she is told. Act like you love him, too. So she does, never considering how Peeta actually feels. Put on a show for the audience. So she does. Your life is in danger - some in the Capital think you have been disrespectful to their tyranny, so snuggle up against Peeta and look lovey-dovey. And guess what? She does.  Our heroine is anything but heroic. The author had a chance to create a role model. Instead we are left with a broken-hearted hero and a (giving her the ultimate benefit of the doubt) conflicted girl.  Finally, the ending .... Instead of \\"end of book one,\\" the author should have been more honest and written, \\"get ready to pony up more dough for the next installment.\\" I don't mind a sequel; I just don't like paying for a whole book and getting half of a story.
B003PAXONC|5.0|wow it's impresive with this packaging. a lot of bonus this edition and have 2 edition. one theatrical and the other extended edition with CGI. i enjoy see this movie because this transfer picture have very done and this audio makes your room like in quite dan scary town ...
B00005Q4CS|4.0|At the beginning of REQUIEM FOR A DREAM, director Aronofsky forces you to participate, to become both a victim & accomplice of his film. I don't see how the device he uses would have the same impact in a theatre setting. I won't spoil the effect for people who haven't seen the film at home.<br /><br />Ellen Burstyn is very gutsy to have taken on the role of a mother turned psychotic by prescription uppers to \\"lose weight.\\" Her characterization defines \\"tour de force.\\" In effect she plays two roles: the role of a middle-aged woman who gets hooked on speed, and the bizarre & hypersexualized woman on TV. What starts out as humorous & quirky, quickly becomes deadly serious. It was her extraordinary performance that influenced my rating from what would have been 3 stars to 4. She gets 5.<br /><br />The son, his girl friend, and a male friend are all addicted to heroin. Their spiral downward coincides with that of the mother's, but from separate locations as all communication breaks down. Only the son & his male friend remain on speaking term--and even that's soon busted up by increasingly horrific ocurrences.<br /><br />The main theme of the movie is naturally that of drug induced social alienation. The two lovers, so close at the beginning, become completely driven apart by their addiction. This process was very effectiively presented & played out by the 3 young actors. I thought they were all very good.<br /><br />REQUIEM FOR A DREAM, unfortunately, goes way over the top about halfway through as addiction overwhelms reality. It's like throwing a barrage of images at a celluloid wall just see what sticks. What begins as a valid & visceral social commentary, descends into horror melodrama. Aronofksy is a very interesting director, this film just misses the level of greatness he is obviously capable of creating.
B001G8XON0|5.0|i have already this dvd edition. i see no much improve because dvd edition is very well. but it's different when u look the background .. still sharp in blu edition. i have a slpicase in this edition. i am very happy because i buy this edition not much
B0063GORYU|4.0|I play Spider Solitaire on my Kindle Fire every day while I eat breakfast and drink my morning coffee. Brain exercise!
B005K17RU0|4.0|the only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I have rheumatoid arthritis &amp; would like to know the barometric pressure.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I'm really only writing this because the game told me it would grant me 250k free points.<br /><br />however, it is plenty of fun.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This case is very sturdy and forgiving on the kindle. Keeps it clean and is extremely simple to use. Simple = Good.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like the way you have to beat games to unlock new ones; but some of them are kinda hard.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|addicting but the controls aren't the best. also when there is service, the free adds pop up in the middle of the game.
B004GUSG4M|4.0|I admit this...I am a wanna-be author.  So when I learned that this is S.J. Watson's DEBUT novel I was most impressed.  (Perhaps even envious) Without repeating the plot as in the other 500+ reviews already submitted, I will simply say that this is a very well written novel.  From the moment you are introduced to Christine Lucas and learn of her struggles, you will immediately feel empathy for her.  To write in first person is a bit tricky because the reader is only included in the narrative character's thoughts. Watson grasps the concept of following Christine's plight allowing the reader to go along on her journey of discovery; learning a little more each day.  The idea of having the main character wake every morning and have to repeat the same steps of not knowing anything about herself, the man she is with or her environment is a bold move.  Watson does it without monotony but rather makes the reader follow in her footsteps; each new unearthing of her past and her present another piece to her puzzled life.  The concept of the plot isn't exactly new, but the approach and the twist towards the end are fresh! Give this a read a try.
0307891402|5.0|Received item in very good condition. Service was fast, and worth every penny. Item arrived in prestine condition. Cannot complain.
0545101425|5.0|The audiobook, Mockingjay, arrived earlier than I anticipated.  It was in excellent shape.  I wouldn't hesitate to use them again.
B00003CXZ1|3.0|If you are looking for an eye candy movie with a kick ass woman character, this is the movie for you.
1400034205|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book...I am one who started reading late in life and i reccomend this book as a must read. Very poignant!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This game, although entertaining, is vague about the directions. but other thatn that, I am pleased eih this game. I am glad that these games are challenging and the fact that you must play them to unlock the rest of the games gets me playing more often.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app is cool. I really like it. works great on the kindle. the games are challenging, yet fun. I highly recommend this app.
B005NKIQ26|5.0|especially a BIEBER FEVER! I adore this boy, so cute, so talented. I got 3 copies of the CD for my boyfriend, my brother, and a friend as a goof. But Justin's version of Silent Night is achingly beautiful.  I will love that track every Christmas for the rest of my life. I LOVE YOU JUSTIN!!
B002G1YPH0|5.0|So far i'm happy with this fan.  I got it about a week ago for my first computer build.  It fits in nice with the Intel I7 2600k on the Asus P8p67 Pro MOBO.  I was going to get liquid cooling, then all the forums and reviews said I didn't need all of that for this processor.
B006O5Y09C|4.0|I'm not usually a Woddy Allen fan but this movie was a joy to watch. The music was fabulous and both the day and night scenes of Paris were beautiful.
1568363931|4.0|I am new to Bento boxes and just bought my first one. I thought this book was a great way to get started. The recipes are tasty yet also easy to make and suggestions for packing a bento are good ones. My friend and I decided to do this together and each week we'll take turns preparing the bento for both of us. We're both excited to choose healthier, fun lunches.
B00005R23S|3.0|I Expected a higher quality DVD. Video was ok but sound quality was disappointing. I was hoping for better song selection and should have explored before I purchased. Was only $10 so I can't be too critical.
0439023491|4.0|Katniss and Peeta are returned to the arena (in a special Hunger Games called a \\"Quarter Quell\\"), each having made a \\"deal\\" with Haymitch to keep the other alive. The reason for their being returned to the Hunger Games is mostly inferred to be a political move on President Snow's part. He is attempting to crush the rebellion that started with Peeta and Katniss refusing to let only one victor be taken from the arena in the previous novel. Katniss learns that just their unwillingness to obey the manipulations of the Capitol and instead put up a small resistance of their own has sparked sentiments of unrest that have been growing for quite a while.<br /><br />Add to this the growing tension between Gale and Peeta after Katniss and Peeta's return from the Hunger Games, and there's an actual story here. There is also some mystery revealed about the aforementioned District 13, previously thought to have been destroyed, actually being alive and well, albeit beneath the surface of the original district. The oppressive hand of the Capitol swoops down on District 12 in the form of additional security, and both Katniss and Gale have a run-in with the new guards, most of which aren't as easy to appease as the previous ones were.<br /><br />Tributes are chosen from among the other district's victors, and surprisingly, instead of outright trying to kill Katniss and Peeta within the Games, some of them actually protect the newest victors from the dangers of the arena (and the other tributes who have decided, for whatever reason, not to \\"play ball\\"). In an epic conclusion, they actually assist Katniss in escaping from the arena without the games being finished. Peeta, however, isn't quite as lucky. He gets left behind and we are led to assume he's been captured by the Capitol.<br /><br />Of the books in the series, this novel was probably my favorite in several regards. Before we get into the details, though, one needs to overlook the stupid repetition that is reminiscent of another plot hole that leaves one thinking, \\"Really? That's the best you could come up with? A second Death Star?\\" (Oops.. I meant \\"Hunger Games.\\" A second \\"Hunger Games.\\") Once you look past that, though, you begin to see the complexity of what's happening. The idea of the clock as an arena was really intriguing, made even more so by the first showing of the watch to Katniss during the celebrations by Plutarch.<br /><br />And then there's the whole idea of District 13. Are they still around? It is interesting to think the Capitol has been using the same video shots over and over, if they could have actually gone back to the original site. But, if this were true, why wouldn't have District 13 been clandestinely aiding the other districts?<br /><br />It also  gives rise to a bunch of questions that really aren't answered - where are the arenas physically located? Are they within the Capitol or somewhere outside? How does the force shield enclosing the games work? What is the back-story behind all of the tributes? This last question, in particular, could have made the story MUCH more interesting. Using Catching Fire as a jumping-off point, the rebellion could have lasted a number of additional books, and been told from the point of view of each of the tributes involved in Catching Fire - in a sort-of Lost way - which would have made the story leagues more provocative. Instead, it seems to sort of leave us hanging at the edge of our seats. This is fine with me - I love cliffhangers - but what's not fine is that all of the enticement goes unfulfilled in the final installation of the series.r plot hole that leaves one thinking, \\"Really? That's the best you could come up with? A second Death Star?\\" (Oops.. I meant \\"Hunger Games.\\" A second \\"Hunger Games.\\") Once you look past that, though, you begin to see the complexity of what's happening. The idea of the clock as an arena was really intriguing, made even more so by the first showing of the watch to Katniss during the celebrations by Plutarch.<br /><br />And then there's the whole idea of District 13. Are they still around? It is interesting to think the Capitol has been using the same video shots over and over, if they could have actually gone back to the original site. But, if this were true, why wouldn't have District 13 been clandestinely aiding the other districts?<br /><br />It also  gives rise to a bunch of questions that really aren't answered - where are the arenas physically located? Are they within the Capitol or somewhere outside? How does the force shield enclosing the games work? What is the back-story behind all of the tributes? This last question, in particular, could have made the story MUCH more interesting. Using Catching Fire as a jumping-off point, the rebellion could have lasted a number of additional books, and been told from the point of view of each of the tributes involved in Catching Fire - in a sort-of Lost way - which would have made the story leagues more provocative. Instead, it seems to sort of leave us hanging at the edge of our seats. This is fine with me - I love cliffhangers - but what's not fine is that all of the enticement goes unfulfilled in the final installation of the series.
0439023513|2.0|Let the Games End<br />Filed under: Book Reviews, Mythology -- Leave a comment<br />January 13, 2012<br /><br />I recently finished the book Mockingjay, by Suzanne Collins1, which is the last in a trilogy including both The Hunger Games2 and Catching Fire3. I was warned, by my sister, prior to starting the series, that she considered the series excellent, but she pretends that the last two books in the series don't exist. I'm still unsure why her hatred of Catching Fire and Mockingjay (this last one in particular) are so intense. I found that the books told an interesting story, albeit in a rather immature and unpolished writing style. This is a short review of each of the books in the series, ending with a review of the series as a whole.<br />The Hunger Games<br /><br />This book introduces the characters that will tell the story of a revolution. Specifically, it's told from the perspective of one Katniss Everdeen, a teenage girl from a place called District 12. District 12, we find out, is one of twelve (formerly 13) districts in a country called Panem. Panem exists as a country, ruled by a totalitarian government that is located in a separate district, called (unimaginatively) The Capitol. Each of the districts provides much needed food and supplies to citizens in the Capitol, which are essentially an aristocracy bend on doing nothing, but yet have an unsatisfying urge to be entertained. The Capitol pushes each of the districts to the brink of starvation, but keeps them subjugated with brutal enforcers known as Peacekeepers.<br /><br />We find out early in the story that there were previously 13 districts, but District 13 incited a rebellion against the Capitol, resulting in it being entirely obliterated. As another repercussion of the failed coup, each district must give two children (known as Tributes) to the Capitol each year for a sport they call, \\"The Hunger Games.\\" In the Games, the children essentially fight to the death in a complicated arena for the entertainment of the Capitol's citizens (and horror of those parents and friends watching from the other districts). Each year, there is exactly one winner.<br /><br />The rationale for calling this bizarre circus \\"The Hunger Games\\" isn't immediately clear, until you find out that from each district, every child between the ages of 12 and 18 must sign up once per year from their twelfth birthday,  to be chosen as a tribute. So, for example, if a child is twelve, they must enter their name once. If they are thirteen, twice. After that, you can put your name into the pool of potential tributes additional times for \\"tessera,\\" which are basically additional rations, in the event your family is poor and cannot afford enough food.<br /><br />Now, I won't ruin the story for you in telling all of the dramatics, but suffice it to say that Katniss is chosen as a tribute (albeit through a roundabout way). Likewise, a male tribute is chosen from District 12 named Peeta Mellark. Peeta and Katniss have an interesting history, which basically entails a sort of \\"love from afar\\" idea, but you don't learn about this until later on in the novel. It's used as a plot device to springboard into the rebellion that comes in the later novels.<br /><br />All in all, the book is interesting. I enjoyed the concept of the arena, and how the Hunger Games are played out. The novel feels like you're watching a grisly reality TV show. It's a fascinating environment Katniss and Peeta exist within, and you're thrown into this world that is similar to our world, but in many ways, you're not sure what has been remembered from the time before Panem. I do thing it would have been interesting if more historical context were given. For example, a sub-story begins to develop when Katniss recalls a girl that was taken by the Capitol before her and her friend, Gale's eyes. We find out that the girl has been turned into an \\"Avox\\" - which essentially just means her tongue was cut out. But no connection is made between this and the rest of the story. It's as if the whole thing is simply a roundabout explanation of Avoxes in general. Instead, I think it would have been more interesting to have that part of the back-story lead somewhere, rather than simply being told and then dropped. I also had a number of questions like \\"Where did the hovercrafts come from?\\" and \\"How is an arena chosen and constructed?\\" which were left similarly unanswered.<br /><br />There were some great lines from the book. I especially liked the line \\"May the odds be ever in your favor.\\" I find it exciting when an author can create a phrase, which, at first glance, seems uninteresting, but the more you read it and it rolls around in your mind, the better it seems4.<br /><br />The major criticism I have of the novel, and really of the entire series, is that there doesn't seem to be any character development. Every character is basically the same, personality-wise, from the beginning of this novel to the end of the last novel in the series. Especially Katniss Everdeen - she doesn't seem to change throughout the entire series, even though we're basically reading her thoughts and fears. They don't seem to change from the moment we're thrown in to the novel. This is probably partially a result of the book reading as though it was written by a twelfth-grader. Many of the sentences are short and direct. There isn't a lot of self-reflection or complexity to the characters or the settings. The book is very focused on action and navigation from one plot point to another - one problem/climax/resolution set to another. Everything in the novel is black and white - there isn't a lot of gray area shown.<br />Catching Fire<br /><br />Katniss and Peeta are returned to the arena (in a special Hunger Games called a \\"Quarter Quell\\"), each having made a \\"deal\\" with Haymitch to keep the other alive. The reason for their being returned to the Hunger Games is mostly inferred to be a political move on President Snow's part. He is attempting to crush the rebellion that started with Peeta and Katniss refusing to let only one victor be taken from the arena in the previous novel. Katniss learns that just their unwillingness to obey the manipulations of the Capitol and instead put up a small resistance of their own has sparked sentiments of unrest that have been growing for quite a while.<br /><br />Add to this the growing tension between Gale and Peeta after Katniss and Peeta's return from the Hunger Games, and there's an actual story here. There is also some mystery revealed about the aforementioned District 13, previously thought to have been destroyed, actually being alive and well, albeit beneath the surface of the original district. The oppressive hand of the Capitol swoops down on District 12 in the form of additional security, and both Katniss and Gale have a run-in with the new guards, most of which aren't as easy to appease as the previous ones were.<br /><br />Tributes are chosen from among the other district's victors, and surprisingly, instead of outright trying to kill Katniss and Peeta within the Games, some of them actually protect the newest victors from the dangers of the arena (and the other tributes who have decided, for whatever reason, not to \\"play ball\\"). In an epic conclusion, they actually assist Katniss in escaping from the arena without the games being finished. Peeta, however, isn't quite as lucky. He gets left behind and we are led to assume he's been captured by the Capitol.<br /><br />Of the books in the series, this novel was probably my favorite in several regards. Before we get into the details, though, one needs to overlook the stupid repetition that is reminiscent of another plot hole that leaves one thinking, \\"Really? That's the best you could come up with? A second Death Star?\\" (Oops.. I meant \\"Hunger Games.\\" A second \\"Hunger Games.\\") Once you look past that, though, you begin to see the complexity of what's happening. The idea of the clock as an arena was really intriguing, made even more so by the first showing of the watch to Katniss during the celebrations by Plutarch.<br /><br />And then there's the whole idea of District 13. Are they still around? It is interesting to think the Capitol has been using the same video shots over and over, if they could have actually gone back to the original site. But, if this were true, why wouldn't have District 13 been clandestinely aiding the other districts?<br /><br />It also  gives rise to a bunch of questions that really aren't answered - where are the arenas physically located? Are they within the Capitol or somewhere outside? How does the force shield enclosing the games work? What is the back-story behind all of the tributes? This last question, in particular, could have made the story MUCH more interesting. Using Catching Fire as a jumping-off point, the rebellion could have lasted a number of additional books, and been told from the point of view of each of the tributes involved in Catching Fire - in a sort-of Lost way - which would have made the story leagues more provocative. Instead, it seems to sort of leave us hanging at the edge of our seats. This is fine with me - I love cliffhangers - but what's not fine is that all of the enticement goes unfulfilled in the final installation of the series.<br />Mockingjay<br /><br />The last book in the series, Mockingjay concludes the story of Katniss Everdeen. After escaping from the Quarter Quell with the assistance of the other tributes, Katniss is taken to District 13 for recovery. Once there, she learns that District 12 was obliterated due to her lack of willingness to cooperate, and as punishment for what President Snow feels was incitement for the Districts to rebel against the Capitol. Although it isn't really stated, the other districts are in open revolt against the Capitol, led by District 13, which has the weapons and technology necessary to bring the fight to the Capitol.<br /><br />Although Katniss is a wreck because Peeta was captured during their escape, District 13's President Coin entices her to be used as a propaganda puppet. In exchange for amnesty of Peeta and they other tributes, as well as the opportunity to kill President Snow, Katniss agrees to utilize the concept of the Mockingjay debuted in Catching Fire by her stylist, Cinna, in order to sway public opinion against the Capitol.<br /><br />Most of this novel has to do with Katniss' internal struggles. It's pretty grisly, as war is in real life. Many of the characters we've come to like or even tolerate don't make it through the story alive. Those that die usually suffer horrible deaths, such as how Finnick dies at the hands of \\"muttations\\" while tredging through the Capitol's sewers, trying to get to President Snow's palace. Eventually, Peeta is rescued, but he's been turned against Katniss and the Rebels via a technique called \\"hijacking\\", where the venom of mutated yellow jackets (called \\"Tracker Jackers\\") is put into his blood while he's focusing on memories of events in his life, twisting and warping his sense of reality.<br /><br />The story moves very quickly. It's difficult to follow at times, because you're unaware whether a few minutes or a few years has passed. The rebellion seems to last a very short amount of time - only a matter of months. I found this difficult to understand, as the fictional story I most commonly associate with rebels overthrowing a totalitarian government - the Star Wars saga - takes almost an entire generation for the Rebels to actually get to the point where they are making progress against the Empire. Most of this novel's description of the overthrowing of the government happens in the course of 100 pages.<br /><br />In general, the novel moved too quickly for my taste. As another reviewer put it, it's pretty sloppily put together. It lacked subtlety and style. The plot skipped from one action sequence to the next, almost as if the rebellion itself were a series of snapshotsor video clips. Or, like a storybook reading to a child, where the narrator is asked to skip the sections which the child cannot understand or appreciate, and therefore are considered \\"boring.\\" The most interesting aspect of the whole novel - the possibility that President Coin herself committed the acts of atrocity toward the children at the end of the novel (including, by the way, Katniss' sister, who was the reason Katniss volunteered for the Hunger Games in the first place, and thus the reason for much of the storyline) - and therefore were not committed by President Snow - was even underdeveloped. It's almost like an afterthought that perhaps President Coin isn't the savior everyone thought she was after all, except that in Katniss' mind, it's certain enough that she deserved to die.the whole idea of District 13. Are they still around? It is interesting to think the Capitol has been using the same video shots over and over, if they could have actually gone back to the original site. But, if this were true, why wouldn't have District 13 been clandestinely aiding the other districts?  It also  gives rise to a bunch of questions that really aren't answered - where are the arenas physically located? Are they within the Capitol or somewhere outside? How does the force shield enclosing the games work? What is the back-story behind all of the tributes? This last question, in particular, could have made the story MUCH more interesting. Using Catching Fire as a jumping-off point, the rebellion could have lasted a number of additional books, and been told from the point of view of each of the tributes involved in Catching Fire - in a sort-of Lost way - which would have made the story leagues more provocative. Instead, it seems to sort of leave us hanging at the edge of our seats. This is fine with me - I love cliffhangers - but what's not fine is that all of the enticement goes unfulfilled in the final installation of the series.  Mockingjay  The last book in the series, Mockingjay concludes the story of Katniss Everdeen. After escaping from the Quarter Quell with the assistance of the other tributes, Katniss is taken to District 13 for recovery. Once there, she learns that District 12 was obliterated due to her lack of willingness to cooperate, and as punishment for what President Snow feels was incitement for the Districts to rebel against the Capitol. Although it isn't really stated, the other districts are in open revolt against the Capitol, led by District 13, which has the weapons and technology necessary to bring the fight to the Capitol.  Although Katniss is a wreck because Peeta was captured during their escape, District 13s President Coin entices her to be used as a propaganda puppet. In exchange for amnesty of Peeta and they other tributes, as well as the opportunity to kill President Snow, Katniss agrees to utilize the concept of the Mockingjay debuted in Catching Fire by her stylist, Cinna, in order to sway public opinion against the Capitol.  Most of this novel has to do with Katniss' internal struggles. It's pretty grisly, as war is in real life. Many of the characters we've come to like or even tolerate don't make it through the story alive. Those that die usually suffer horrible deaths, such as how Finnick dies at the hands of \\"muttations\\" while tredging through the Capitol's sewers, trying to get to President Snow's palace. Eventually, Peeta is rescued, but he's been turned against Katniss and the Rebels via a technique called \\"hijacking\\", where the venom of mutated yellow jackets (called \\"Tracker Jackers\\") is put into his blood while he's focusing on memories of events in his life, twisting and warping his sense of reality.  The story moves very quickly. It's difficult to follow at times, because you're unaware whether a few minutes or a few years has passed. The rebellion seems to last a very short amount of time - only a matter of months. I found this difficult to understand, as the fictional story I most commonly associate with rebels overthrowing a totalitarian government - the Star Wars saga - takes almost an entire generation for the Rebels to actually get to the point where they are making progress against the Empire. Most of this novel's description of the overthrowing of the government happens in the course of 100 pages.  In general, the novel moved too quickly for my taste. As another reviewer put it, it's pretty sloppily put together. It lacked subtlety and style. The plot skipped from one action sequence to the next, almost as if the rebellion itself were a series of snapshots or video clips. Or, like a storybook reading to a child, where the narrator is asked to skip the sections which the child cannot understand or appreciate, and therefore are considered \\"boring.\\" The most interesting aspect of the whole novel - the possibility that President Coin herself committed the acts of atrocity toward the children at the end of the novel (including, by the way, Katniss' sister, who was the reason Katniss volunteered for the Hunger Games in the first place, and thus the reason for much of the storyline) - and therefore were not committed by President Snow - was even underdeveloped. It's almost like an afterthought that perhaps President Coin isn't the savior everyone thought she was after all, except that in Katniss' mind, it's certain enough that she deserved to die.
0439023521|3.0|This book introduces the characters that will tell the story of a revolution. Specifically, it's told from the perspective of one Katniss Everdeen, a teenage girl from a place called District 12. District 12, we find out, is one of twelve (formerly 13) districts in a country called Panem. Panem exists as a country, ruled by a totalitarian government that is located in a separate district, called (unimaginatively) The Capitol. Each of the districts provides much needed food and supplies to citizens in the Capitol, which are essentially an aristocracy bend on doing nothing, but yet have an unsatisfying urge to be entertained. The Capitol pushes each of the districts to the brink of starvation, but keeps them subjugated with brutal enforcers known as Peacekeepers.<br /><br />We find out early in the story that there were previously 13 districts, but District 13 incited a rebellion against the Capitol, resulting in it being entirely obliterated. As another repercussion of the failed coup, each district must give two children (known as Tributes) to the Capitol each year for a sport they call, \\"The Hunger Games.\\" In the Games, the children essentially fight to the death in a complicated arena for the entertainment of the Capitol's citizens (and horror of those parents and friends watching from the other districts). Each year, there is exactly one winner.<br /><br />The rationale for calling this bizarre circus \\"The Hunger Games\\" isn't immediately clear, until you find out that from each district, every child between the ages of 12 and 18 must sign up once per year from their twelfth birthday,  to be chosen as a tribute. So, for example, if a child is twelve, they must enter their name once. If they are thirteen, twice. After that, you can put your name into the pool of potential tributes additional times for \\"tessera,\\" which are basically additional rations, in the event your family is poor and cannot afford enough food.<br /><br />Now, I won't ruin the story for you in telling all of the dramatics, but suffice it to say that Katniss is chosen as a tribute (albeit through a roundabout way). Likewise, a male tribute is chosen from District 12 named Peeta Mellark. Peeta and Katniss have an interesting history, which basically entails a sort of \\"love from afar\\" idea, but you don't learn about this until later on in the novel. It's used as a plot device to springboard into the rebellion that comes in the later novels.<br /><br />All in all, the book is interesting. I enjoyed the concept of the arena, and how the Hunger Games are played out. The novel feels like you're watching a grisly reality TV show. It's a fascinating environment Katniss and Peeta exist within, and you're thrown into this world that is similar to our world, but in many ways, you're not sure what has been remembered from the time before Panem. I do thing it would have been interesting if more historical context were given. For example, a sub-story begins to develop when Katniss recalls a girl that was taken by the Capitol before her and her friend, Gale's eyes. We find out that the girl has been turned into an \\"Avox\\" - which essentially just means her tongue was cut out. But no connection is made between this and the rest of the story. It's as if the whole thing is simply a roundabout explanation of Avoxes in general. Instead, I think it would have been more interesting to have that part of the back-story lead somewhere, rather than simply being told and then dropped. I also had a number of questions like \\"Where did the hovercrafts come from?\\" and \\"How is an arena chosen and constructed?\\" which were left similarly unanswered.<br /><br />There were some great lines from the book. I especially liked the line \\"May the odds be ever in your favor.\\" I find it exciting when an author can create a phrase, which, at first glance, seems uninteresting, but the more you read it and it rolls around in your mind, the better it seems4.<br /><br />The major criticism I have of the novel, and really of the entire series, is that there doesn't seem to be any character development. Every character is basically the same, personality-wise, from the beginning of this novel to the end of the last novel in the series. Especially Katniss Everdeen - she doesn't seem to change throughout the entire series, even though we're basically reading her thoughts and fears. They don't seem to change from the moment we're thrown in to the novel. This is probably partially a result of the book reading as though it was written by a twelfth-grader. Many of the sentences are short and direct. There isn't a lot of self-reflection or complexity to the characters or the settings. The book is very focused on action and navigation from one plot point to another - one problem/climax/resolution set to another. Everything in the novel is black and white - there isn't a lot of gray area shown.seem to be any character development. Every character is basically the same, personality-wise, from the beginning of this novel to the end of the last novel in the series. Especially Katniss Everdeen - she doesn't seem to change throughout the entire series, even though we're basically reading her thoughts and fears. They don't seem to change from the moment we're thrown in to the novel. This is probably partially a result of the book reading as though it was written by a twelfth-grader. Many of the sentences are short and direct. There isn't a lot of self-reflection or complexity to the characters or the settings. The book is very focused on action and navigation from one plot point to another - one problem/climax/resolution set to another. Everything in the novel is black and white - there isn't a lot of gray area shown.
B005K17RU0|5.0|only complaint is that it does not reformat when my kindle is turned on its side.  can only be viewed with the kindle upright.  other than that, it is great!!
B0063IH60K|5.0|This solitaire game is fun. I have recently downloaded several games and have played thus one the most. I like the different shuffle options and that you don't have to drag the cards, just tap and they move. It's relaxing to play and a nice way to wind down.
B0001932ZA|5.0|This is a really good action movie.  My husband introduced it to me when on tv once and since he collects dvds I bought this for him to add to his collection.  A must-have for the action movie enthusiast.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app has over 100 games and it is an amazing app. I definately recommend it.  :) you should all get it.  10/10 stars.
B0002VFXFE|5.0|Thermal compound was exactly as I've had in the past. Quick shipment and perfect shape. Great person to deal with.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|This app is far past your average note app. As a writer and someone who is consistently writing quick notes and ideas, this app is the PERFECT way to go. I use it on my computer, phone, and kindle fire, and I'm on it at least several times a day. The notebooks, stacks, and syncing, it has changed the way I document things. This is, without a shadow of a doubt, the fundamental app for every device you own. I plan on purchasing the premium package, something I've never done with an app, and I couldn't recommmend it more.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|The game was a good idea but not very well implemented. The controls are awful, and there are WAY too many ads. I understand that the developer needs to make money somehow but these ads are terribly obtrusive. The game screen doesn't fit some phone's resolutions, the resolution for the games is the same as an iPhone's screen.
B004WE01YA|5.0|Great movie and since the wife lost the dvd edition I decided to replace it with the 3-D Blu-Ray edition. Visually great and by far the most impressive villian I admire. Gaston! How can you eat four dozen eggs and not feel sore and then move to five dozen eggs without looking like Michael Moore?! Gaston does and my, what a guy! Still looking for the sexual innuendos that seems to plague every Disney animated movie since The Little Mermaid as some crackpots claim, or maybe, Mrs. Pots is just more than a name? Hmmmmm?
B000QRIGLC|5.0|This book shows you a side of SEALS you rarely see...while the author stays carefree, telling his story like any Texan would, you can feel his emotion and pain as he talks about the events of the mission. Amazing book, one of the best military books I've ever read. Marcus Luttrell is a stud.
B0035G0U2O|5.0|I saw this in the theater first and every time the word \\"Wisconsin\\" was said everyone cheered and laughed  I know people don't believe in the end of the world but who cares its a great story that's what matters  negatives were the feeling of lacking realism this move relied heavily on special effects so i kind of took away from the performance in my mind.   This movie is just a movie people no need to freak out and make your will at least not yet that is.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great game that lasts a long time I love it me and my brother play it all the time great too try and beat you and your friends high scores
B0063IH60K|5.0|I enjoy this game. its fun and I have not had any issues. I recommended.  this is a game you can play alone
B00127RAJY|3.0|Her gift of gab can be quite irritating so I have gotten in the habit of putting on my own music and turning off the volume during her DVD workouts. However, her workouts are very effective but not without potential for injury. You must be in very good shape and watch your form during some of the routines, especially around the knee and lower back area.   I have learned to modify several of her routines however the nice thing about this DVD is that there are so many routines that when you get to a more advanced week and one of the routines needs to be modified you can use a routine you learned in one of the prior weeks.   I like the segments with the upper body, lower body weights, then cardio, then ab spurts. I have found this to be a nice change from my regular \\"sometimes\\" boring cardio workouts followed by weights. It's also a good time saver that works your entire body.  If you are young and have no issues with injuries from jumping or twisting your body you will like this DVD. If you need to watch the twisting (especially in the back area) and the knees you will need to modify a lot of the moves and that's why I give this only 3 stars. I think some of her gab could have been more effective in touching upon modifications to use if you have back problems or knee problems rather than just yapping about nothing that's really relevant. I don't find her \\"pushy attitude\\" motivating, it's more annoying than anything.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|the games are pretty good, but the controls are realy touchy, also, you have to earn a bunch of points to unlock everything! so I rate it a 2.
0307474259|5.0|I read the long version (Good Calories, Bad Calories) and anxiously awaited this shorter version to share with family and friends.  I gave copies to everyone, positive their lives would be transformed as mine was.  It's so simple.  Insulin drives fat storage.  Carbs (sugar) drive insulin.  All the science in this book clearly explaining and supporting this simple truth.  Everyone I care about would read this and finally stop hating themselves for not having the 'willpower' to starve themselves into their skinny jeans.  They would understand why the low fat/low calorie diets never work and embrace this new paradigm.    However, it's a year later and not one other person's life was changed.  They continue to fill the candy jars and share the cookies and schedule their stomach staplings.  They apologize for not getting past the first few chapters/pages as they explain why they simply cannot change their diet/mindset/lives.  I understand.  When everything and everyone is shouting the opposite and every kind of food comes in a low fat variety, low sugar options are very hard to find or believe in.   For me, this book did change the way I live, because it changed the way I think about food.  When I eat sugar I feel bad.  When I eat refined carbs I gain weight and start to feel hungry all the time.  I don't need a list of 'allowable' foods to know how to find alternatives.  Yes, it does take willpower, but at least my body is supporting my choices by feeling good when I make the right ones and feeling bad when I don't.  Now, if I could just convince the people I care about...
B0054JZC6E|4.0|lots of fun. its a great time killer and you do not have a lot to do. it is not very hard to earn points so its not one of those games you get tired of playing the same game over and over
B0063IH60K|5.0|Colorful, fun, and challenging game configuration......Well worth the download......This is my favorite way to pass time while waiting for an appointment when there is too much noise or not enough time to read.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it works great I lovethe Dart game it fun and very easy to play along with apothegm other ga es
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is a little hard and tedious but it is worth playing. And writing reviews gives you a ton of in game points.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This game is interesting and a good timepasser. although in some of the games the graphics aren't the best its a fun, all in one application.
0802473156|4.0|I forgot who had recommended me this book, but it has been in my bookshelf for years before I decided to actually read it. It isn't the type of book I usually read :) But, in the end, I was positively surprised with the book. Yes, I felt (like some other readers) that the author does oversimplify things a bit, but it does offer an interesting perspective to look at marriage.<br /><br />\\"The five love languages\\" has 14 chapters. The first 3 are introduction, the next five are about the five love languages that the author proposes and the rest of the chapters are about application in certain context.<br /><br />The introduction chapters ask the question what happens to love after marriage. The author claims that in many marriages, the initial love disappears after a couple of years of marriages often leading to divorce. He takes the analogy of a \\"love tank\\" where each person needs to receive love to keep him happy and if he/she doesn't then that will eventually be the end of a marriage. He then continues to explain that \\"in love\\" is actually very dangerous and that it can never last for a long time, but that \\"to love\\" is a choice you have.<br /><br />The next chapters introduce the five love languages, which are:<br />- Words of Affirmation<br />- Quality Time<br />- Receiving Gifts<br />- Acts of Service<br />- Physical Touch<br /><br />In each of the chapters, the author gives different examples from his experience of couples that discovered the love language of their spouse, learned to speak it and how that saved their marriage.<br /><br />Chapter 9-13 discuss the these ideas in more depth and how to apply it to different context such as with someone who you hate or with children. The last chapter was a huge turnoff for me as the author talked about how religion has been so important in his life, which is wonderful to know but felt totally irrelevant for this book.<br /><br />All in all, I actually enjoyed the book more than I expected. It was well written and contains lots of actual stories that make it more real. As said, I do think the concept is a bit of a simplification but I can see how it can be a useful simplification. The only thing that really turned me off what the references to religion, but luckily it is limited to the last chapter and a couple of examples. So, all in all, an interesting book. I've been doubting whether I ought to give it 3 or 4 stars and decided to give it 4 stars as I was surprised that I enjoyed the book, yet it isn't a WOW book either. Kinda useful.ncept is a bit of a simplification but I can see how it can be a useful simplification. The only thing that really turned me off what the references to religion, but luckily it is limited to the last chapter and a couple of examples. So, all in all, an interesting book. I've been doubting whether I ought to give it 3 or 4 stars and decided to give it 4 stars as I was surprised that I enjoyed the book, yet it isn't a WOW book either. Kinda useful.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Rather good. maybe could use better quality games but ok. I like the coin currency system. I thought it was clever. good job.
B002R2HSRM|5.0|Amarcord is a masterpiece.  Filmed in the 50's, set in a small Italian town in the 30's, it Fellini's reminiscing on a year growing up in that time and place. It's a must see for any film lover.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game! It is a lot of fun! The only problem is that there are some advertisements, but all free games have that. Over all, a brest deal! I would get it if I were you!
B005ZKYXZI|5.0|James and I watched Real Steel on Blu-ray last night and I am happy to say that surpassed my expectations!  I am a Hugh Jackman fan (I mean, who isn't?) and I was intrigued by the idea of watching robots box.  I was hooked after the first ten or fifteen minutes and gave the movie my undivided attention.  The actors and directors did an amazing job with this film.  My favorite part was when the kid was teaching the robot to dance.  My husband looked at me and said \\"if we ever get a robot, that's the first thing you are going to teach it, isn't it?\\"  My response was, \\"duh\\".  If you haven't had the chance to see Real Steel yet, pick it up as soon as you can.  It's a real and heartfelt film that everyone will enjoy.<br /><br />Disclosure: I received the Real Steel Blu-ray + DVD Combo Pack for review purposes.  All opinions expressed are 100% my own.
B005OK721G|5.0|I loved this movie. This movie started out very sad, by the murder of her parents. But she sure got her revenge in the end. She was one bad sister! I would have written a better ending.
B0055SWM08|5.0|easy, relaxing fun without mind or brain drain.  not too difficult easy to put down, easy to pick up and pass time.
1594744769|4.0|I enjoyed this book. I usually can figure out the ending of books and movies way before they end--not so with this one. I found myself even thinking about the story while at work! I read before bed and found I could't wait to get home and take care of the regular duties quickly so I could go to bed early--only to stay up until midnight reading! I even fell asleep reading it.
B001DMJ9R4|5.0|Christmas gift for my teen son who is a huge AX7 fan. He has watched it over and over with the volume WAY up. Great price for a concert video, very good quality for a concert video.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|these games are simple but mildly enjoyable.  there are. a lot of ads, but remember it is free.  not a bad way to kill time.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|Read the book and saw the movie Wow!!!. Gave the book and movie to my mother, She enjoyed both book and movie .
B00000K3D4|4.0|A silly movie I loved as a kid. I bought the DVD for myself. I put it on ready to enjoy a childhood favorite, and I could sit through it once and only once. Not quite as good as I had remembered, as with many things loved in childhood. My daughter on the other hand loves it, so not a total waste. Since I loved it as a kid and now my daughter loves it, I would say it's a great movie for kids. It's very entertaining for them. As for adults or young adults, unless you loved it as a child, there's not much of a plot but no shortage of cheese. The enjoyment is more sentimental and nostalgic. It's Jim Henson puppets, I mean really, how many serious adults sit around enjoying Sesame Street.<br /><br />No, there's nothing perverse about the movie (as I read in some reviews). And no, you don't have to be on drugs or crazy to enjoy it, just young or young at heart accompanied by a great imagination.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Addicting, fun and a great app with a lit of variety. Tons of games and hours of fun. I recommend it. WI-fi download only.
B005N0PJJO|4.0|I loved this book just as well as Fifty Shades of Grey. The characters and story line were even more developed and it just flowed so easily. Just like the first book, the story was hot and sweet, and I had a hard time putting it down. I cannot wait to read the next in the series. I can't wait to see what happens next in their lives!
B0063IH60K|5.0|very nicely done. I can recommend this to all my friends and feel confident that they will agree with me and its free!! Bravo mobilityware!!
B0052U59F4|4.0|I found this book to be well written. There were very few errors, which I appreciate. Even better than that, all the characters were fairly well-rounded and interesting. The story kept my interest and moved at a good pace. It was very steamy in some scenes, which I loved. My heart raced at some scenes and pounded at others, and I found that I had a hard time putting it down. I read it with a limited knowledge of BDSM relationships, thinking that I would not care for the story but it went so beyond the BDSM aspect to be a true love story. It was just a purely enjoyable book. If I had to point out one flaw, I might say that some parts felt a little rushed- but maybe that's just because I was speed reading to get to the next love scene? Ha! If you're looking for a deep literary experience, you probably want to skip this one. If you're looking for fairly mindless reading/steamy romance, this is it.
B005I6EVUG|3.0|STINKS..... don't know if it's the dye or what..... I tried putting it in a baggie with a dryer sheet  but I can still smell a chemical smell...... argh.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|great games, needs to have better directions though. my son plays the games everyday. the games are challenging enough for me but easy enough for a six year old.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This is the best remote desktop I have used. I was looking for an easy way to stream live TV from my PC tuner card and this program does it without the setup hassles of the other options.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|very fun and enjoyable. I would recommend to.anyone board. wish it were easier to get more points. kindle fire. buy it now.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I got this game today or yesterday and I completed almost all the first games and this game is fun and easy!
B000YABYLA|5.0|At first I wasn't sure what to expect when I watched the movie; my school had it on a list of films we should watch over the summer, and yet there was a pregnant teenager on the cover. I rented it from the library, and actually ended up loving the movie - it's extremely cute, funny, and actually a great movie for families or couples. I'm glad I bought it; I've watched it 4 times in the past few weeks (:
0374275637|5.0|Dan, please contact me.  I have develop software that significantly improves decisions based upon your brilliant work.  For decisions it automatically helps identify and reduce biases, risks and surprises.  We have had numerous successful applications in business and in US intelligence. We want you on our board or at least as an advisor.  As a fellow academic, I think you will enjoy seeing how we put your ideas into software that helps people make much better decisions.  Please contact me, ASAP.  willard.zangwill@chicagobooth.edu  (Note the name Amazon gave for me has errors.)
B00025ETIW|5.0|There's no question that I love this CD. I've loved My Chemical Romance since I was 8 years old, but it wasn't until just a few weeks ago I decided to buy their second studio album only a month before I turn 16! It's a mix of rock and punk and I can't listen to it only once; My Chemical Romance is just one of those band you never get tired of, even after 8 years c:
B0054JZC6E|5.0|has so many games that are all so.fun I don't know why everybody thinks that the upgrade is bad. it just has more games. so fun!
B005J6LKVI|5.0|This is a movie I enjoyed from start to end.  The story was very interesting and the acting and directing was very good.  I would recommend the movie to anyone.  The story followed the book very well.  The movie is an eye opener.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|I love my Amazon camera backpack. I have a Canon T1 and a T3 with several lens. They all  fit and it is comfortable to carry. The workman ship is excellent. Recommend it for all mid level users.
B0063IH60K|5.0|It is what it says.  A solitaire game with a simple, intuitive, and responsive interface.  Ads are not too bad.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is perfect in any situation that you are in when you find yourself bored. in school, at work, on a morning or an afternoon commute.
B005KELS6Q|4.0|I received the Belkin Grip Sleeve case in the Paparazzi Pink color.  It is a nice pink shade, with a strong hint of coral.  The white dotted section in the middle is made of some sort of grippy material, so I can easily carry the case in one hand without a fear of it slipping.  The neoprene is thick and dense.  I feel that it will definitely protect from scratches, and may protect my Kindle Touch from a small drop as well.  The stitching on the case is very nice, and I could not find any unfinished edges or seams.  Even the inside of the case is finished very nicely.  The size is perfect for my Kindle Touch.  It is easy to get in and out, without having too much spare space.  If you are planning on carrying your charger in this case, it will be a very tight fit.  My only reservation about this product is the price.  I received the case at no charge as part of the Amazon Vine program.  However, I would be quite hesitant of purchasing this at the current price.  (I will not bother listing the price, as Amazon edits it out anyway.)  I rate this product a 4 out of 5 stars, with my only qualm being the selling price.  If the case were a few dollars less expensive, I would rate it a solid 5 stars.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Using this app on my Kindle Fire and it runs great. Offers side play and has never crashed. You can also play 2 suits which is more challenging and fun. Just a great classic to have!
0525423281|3.0|My summary:<br /><br />Lola, short for Dolores, has a very unique style.  Her goal is to never wear the same outfit twice.  She is a genius at putting the vintage pieces with current trends, add a wig and call it a costume.  Both her dads love her self-expression.  Her rocker boyfriend thinks it's cute.  As for her classmates, not so much.  Then there's the twins who used to live next door.  It was clear that Calliope didn't appreciate Lola's style and Cricket...well he's not there anymore so what does it matter.  Until one day, he's back and Lola has to deal with the pain of seeing him again.  Lola has loved Cricket Bell all her life.  Now he's back.  What will that mean to her unusual style, ordered life and older boyfriend?<br /><br />My Thoughts:<br /><br />3 stars - A good read<br /><br />I absolutely love Anna and the French Kiss so it was a must that I read Lola and the Boy Next Door.  But I was so over the costume descriptions by chapter 2.  It's really a part of who Lola is and I understand why they were there, but they bored me to pieces.  I guess I just couldn't get into the world that Lola lived in.  She's so different from anything that I have or ever will be that I couldn't really connect with her.  I did feel bad for her a few times.  She had some hard growing pains that were unfair.  I didn't like her rocker boyfriend at all.  He was possessive, selfish, and angry.  I think he was portrayed that way on purpose so I was okay with it.  Her dads were interesting and I liked the strong family connection they had with Lola.<br /><br />What I really, really, really liked about this book was Cricket.  Unique for different reasons than Lola, he is tall, smart, and family centered.  I couldn't get enough of him.  He supported his twin sister even though Calliope hogged the family spotlight leaving Cricket unappreciated.  He helped his older brother when things went bad for him.  He helped Lola even when she tried to ignore him.  He cared what Lola's dads thought of him and tried to follow their rules.  He's this great guy that has a lot more struggles than anyone would notice from the outside looking in.  Forced to move around a lot to support his twin, he was home-schooled and missed out on lots of things.  But he wasn't angry or bitter.  Cricket is why I keep reading costume descriptions because I really needed to know what happened to him.<br /><br />I had hoped for more from this book because I loved Anna and the French Kiss so much, but I'm glad I read it for Cricket.<br /><br />This is a fun contemporary read that you will love if you're into fashion or Cricket (like I was).this great guy that has a lot more struggles than anyone would notice from the outside looking in.  Forced to move around a lot to support his twin, he was home-schooled and missed out on lots of things.  But he wasn't angry or bitter.  Cricket is why I keep reading costume descriptions because I really needed to know what happened to him.   I had hoped for more from this book because I loved Anna and the French Kiss so much, but I'm glad I read it for Cricket.  This is a fun contemporary read that you will love if you're into fashion or Cricket (like I was).
B0055SWM08|5.0|This is a great puzzle app, perfect on the Kindle Fire. The graphics are superb and it's very nice &amp; challenging to play. Worth every penny!
B005OCFHHK|3.0|Based on reviews, I checked out the 8 disc blu ray set on Amazon UK and with the currency conversion and having to pay shipping (I am prime so I rarely pay shipping in the US) it came out to $50USD. That is just $6.25 per movie!  I thought that was a great deal as I am trying to get a full set of the movies as cheaply as I can in anticipation of buying the huge fancy set that is supposed to be released end of 2012.
B000209ZAE|2.0|The Brass guide bushing and assembly is a very sloppy fit resulting in about .25\\" of play at the tool tip. I was hoping to use this in conjuction with the X-Y table to machine small parts and jewelry. Can't do it with this without mods. This item appeared to be very cheaply made and not of the quality I was expecting.<br /><br />Too bad because the X-Y table and Rotary Tool are really nice.<br /><br />I agree with a previous reviewer that;<br /><br />\\"To summarize, the QC is poor to non-existent, and the design is just plain quirky.<br /><br />I'd return it for another, but would not have hopes of finding the next one to be any better.\\"<br /><br />Don't expect that you can use this out of the box with their X-Y table to get the precision that you expect
B005HJWWW8|4.0|In order to really get the full effect of this little wonder you have to use the L3 (in my case)cable. As long as you're just plugging it into the headphone jack your not getting all of it. I use it with my Ultimate Ears superfi 10's and it's just a wonderful combo. It's so tiny that it's shocking when you first hear the sound that comes out of it. get it you won't be disappointed.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|these game keep.me happy and fun acting i play them all day there so good def one of the best apps ever
B004EBZX6W|5.0|great would reccommend to everybody.. good way of tracking and detecting open wi fi and checking on your signal strength
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great when bored and well the ads sucks but its free and that's what is great.  some games are fun ,some frustrating and its all in all pretty good.
B002GHHHP6|5.0|This movie is funny, engaging and has plenty of action. Mell Gibson, James Garner and Jodie Foster interact to make this a very enjoyable movie to watch.
B0063IH60K|5.0|good, fast game. An old traditional!!!  fair choice of backgrounds, shuffles, etc. nice for a quick game imbetween daily tasks &amp; if I don't get to finish it saves.automatically when you exit.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a good and fun game to play I could play it all day long. that is how much fun it is
0525478817|5.0|John's new book is, like the review title says, simply amazing. He effectively fit the human experience into 313 pages. You'll laugh, you'll cry, in fact you might actually laugh while you're crying. The story of Hazel and Augustus is one that transcends time.
B006GG1KOC|5.0|love the game its not just for little kids it would be hard for little kids if u think the game is easy try getting three flowers on every level this game is fun and fun for all ages.but I think its.meant for kids ages eight to thirteen. but really it doesn't matter how hold u are my dad had fun with it and adults would like it over all fun game well made game to lots of fun for everyone
B0067Q42BY|5.0|I am really enjoying this g5 mahjong game!  the super tiles make this game extra interesting and exciting to play. I am glad I made the leap to purchase both games because they are different ...thanks g5!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|awsome games all most as good as angry birds Rio added bonus it was free better than beer pong like I said awsome
B0052VUNHC|5.0|I didn't expect this book to be this good, actually its excellent and I cannot praise this talented author enough and I had a hard time putting it down. Abby and Travis are great together from the start of their relationship to the end. Both have a very strong personality, but Love prevail. Brava Ms. McGuire!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun game for kids I love it it's a great game great for passing time never update it get it for sure.
0380789019|5.0|Neil Gaiman is one of the few authors whose books I will pick up and buy without a second's hesitation. This novel was the first one of his I read and I will still pick it up again and again to revisit Richard's adventures with Door and the Marquis. I truly love Gaiman's gift at creating a world that is both magical and terrifying. Even the most mundane of occurrences such as catching a subway train is fraught with tension in his hands. I would recommend this book wholeheartedly to anyone, and have been lending my copy out to all my friends and relatives like crazy. -- Reviewed by Alisse Lee Goldenberg \\"The Strings of the Violin\\"
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Lots of fun that actually lasts!! Could play it all day, everyday! Definitely worth the download. Everyone should get this app!
0823015033|5.0|Love thees books. Very helpful, step by step instructions. Quick hassel free purchase. reasonably priced compared to in the store pricing. Thank you
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This game is very good, I don't get tired of it every day because it has 101 games! This game has mostly outstanding games all around.
0891349553|5.0|Love thees books. Very helpful, step by step instructions. Quick hassel free purchase. reasonably priced compared to in the store pricing. Thank you
B0063IH60K|4.0|This is a very nice game. It,s a pretty interface with several options to change play.  I would highly recommend it.
B006OOHYIC|5.0|I love playing a game and not being stressed out. Which is what the Quell games are, stress free game playing. I love it. And I love the music.
0439023521|5.0|I can say that this book is my favourite. It is a must book for somebody who loves action! I read it in 2 days. I can definetely read it again.
B003TJR2HS|4.0|I does exactly what I expect it to do.  It allows you to connect your i-device to any dock without need to remove case.
0439023513|5.0|The end of the book was stunning! After I read it I could't take my mind off it! I'm absolutely going to read it again!
B005HSL626|5.0|This game is real tight. Its real fun to play by yourself and with a friend.You should play it.You need to get it
0439023491|5.0|I couldn't stop reading this book.When I first closed the book, I felt shattered, empty, and drained. I will definitely read it again!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I got this game for my fire and I love it. I enjoy playing and could play all day. I would recommend it to anyone. it is a easy game to play. A must for card players.   easy fun
B005H9B2CE|1.0|This movie was alternately mystifying and so simple it was ridiculous. I haven't read any comics on Thor. I like many comic superhero movies, but not this one. Too preposterous even for a superhero movie. Gag.
1400052181|5.0|I received the book within the time frame promised. No problems. Book was in great shape, would do business again with this seller.
B005LJITS0|4.0|Although I'm not a comic book reader, I enjoyed the movie a lot. Don't  like the character Hal much, but he does grow a bit in maturity as the Green Lantern, of  course. The plot is simple and fun. Nice concept - green lantern and  the power of will. If I had to describe him, the character is like a combination of Superman and Batman. I was pleased enough to write this review right after viewing.
1439156816|5.0|This is a terrific book. I wish I'd read it when I first started writing in 2000, and then followed King's advice. It's honest, real, grounded and funny! A book that should be read by anyone who is even slightly interested in writing/publishing. For those curious about the circumstances of the accident that nearly killed King, he tells the gripping details that one knows is truth, not his usual fiction.  In the book King states (to paraphrase) that a person either has it or doesn't have it to be a writer. In his opinion, if you have it, you can improve and soar; if you don't have it, you can improve but basically kiss writing goodbye. That statement made me cringe, but continuing to read the book helped me see that I'm probably on the right track. This is not a \\"feel good\\" or \\"warm and fuzzy\\" book. King cuts to the bone with his honesty, yet his advice is solidly spot-on.  One story I especially enjoyed was \\"Stevie\\" having his ear drums punctured by the doctor time and time again. I've always felt I was the only kid who endured the same such agony. I know his pain. I was amused and touched as he recounted his earlier years. Parts of the book are down-right comical, a pleasant surprise.  His book list is extensive, proof of his passion for reading and substantiates that reading can/does lead to being a better writer.  Good job, Stephen.  Cynthia Briggs
B004LWZW4M|5.0|I was leery of the movie after the Burton butchering of Planet of the Apes, but this movie was fantastic!  I highly recommend it.
0525478817|5.0|I am not an emotional reader. Hallmark commercials, Disney movies, beautiful songs, but books never really have that effect on me. I read them, I think about them for a few days, and then I let them go. I've never been swept up into the world of a book enough that I feel the triumphs and tribulations of the characters.  Until this book.  I can't accurately describe the life this book has taken inside of me. I read it through Thursday night, staying up hours later than I should have; I woke up three times in the night, heart racing, caught in the emotional impact of the book; I thought about it all through my Friday morning errands and class; I listened to the audiobook (though not in its entirety) when I returned home. Two days later, I am still having a emotional reaction to parts of the book, sometimes out of the blue. I feel like there are these long-reaching aftershocks, and every time, they twist my belly into knots.  Green stated that he'd sought to write an epic in miniature. I cannot think of a better term for this book. It's unlike his others, it's unlike anything I've read, and I am not sure I can carefully set it in one category or another. It is beautiful, it is haunting, it is funny and tragic and overwhelming.   If you are a nerdfighter or simply heard of the hype surrounding this book, believe it with a grain of salt. Believe it with a voice in the back of your head telling you to be cautious. Because the first two chapters we've all heard are nothing like the remaining 23. And all 25 are nothing like Green's other books, but in the best and most wonderful way. I feel like this is the writer Green was meant to be, the one we've all expected to emerge since Looking for Alaska.  Entertainment Weekly picked \\"luminous\\" as their descriptor, but I would disagree.   My word is \\"resonant\\", and I am still feeling the afterglow.
B005WZZRD8|5.0|It is one thing to listen to Lady GaGa but it is amazing to watch her! I love her lyrics and her bold positions on today's issues. Great bargain with the DVD and 2 CD's http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005WZZRD8/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_img
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I have YouVersion on my droid and now on my kindle fire. I enjoy using YouVersion very much. It works for me.
B005V2EVBQ|3.0|Works as advertised but doesn't stand very easily, slips off the little ledge.  If you are looking for a movie stand, I'd keep looking.
B004WY2M8I|5.0|This is such a magnificent collection. Definitely higher quality then the movies. I will not short change the the movies, but can't beat the detail of the books.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|A very good game!!! I have a lot of fun playing it and waisting time. I recommend this game. Have fun!!!!
0307949508|5.0|This book, the 2nd in the series, is fantastic!  Stieg Larsson is an exceptional writer.  I can't wait to read the last one, \\"The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest\\".
0694003611|4.0|My son is still not able to stay still long enough for most books, but he likes this one. And likes to think of things to say night to.
B000JIHP88|5.0|I brought it when my son was 6 months old, he enjoyed it and even now he is 14 months old, he still enjoys it. You have to take away to the turning part while he is able to get up on his own. Now before going to bed, he even turns on the music on his own and choose the piece of the music that he like. The music indeed offers some comfort and peace for him. It is such a good idea.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|A+++++++ product. Would recommend to anyone who owns a Kindle Fire. This cover protects the kindle fire.   Does not make it to bulky and has a great feeling in your hands. A must have for kindle owners. You will not be disappointed.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|YouVersion is amazing! You can find what you need to grow in your walk with Jesus Christ. With so many Bible versions to choose from will make it easy to find exactly what you need. Also, it goes wherever you go.
B002MQYOFW|1.0|This book was not what I thought it was going to be. It was children killing children! And making it a game out it?? Sick!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|easy to understand. some games show difficulty while others are just plain fun.  Overall a great app with unlimited possibilities.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Just bad, just so bad. Why can you not just release the original theatrical version that everyone is asking for.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|It is the most awesome mini game app ever. I would highly recommend it for any age group. Definitely 5 stars!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|this game is ok, but you have to play games to unlock others.... there is a goal and on some games its hard to reach the goal.... al in all, its an ok game
B005HSG3VK|5.0|This cover is light keeps my kindle fire safe and makes a nice little stand!  I use the stand all the time.  When I am reading in bed it just sits on top of the blanket and makes it so easy to read.  All I do is tap it for the page to turn.  I really love it!!!!
B002JVWR4A|5.0|We didn't stumble onto Bones until last year.  We love it!  So now we have ordered all the seasons and anxiously await each new episode.
0887306667|5.0|I do believe that this book is mandatory for everyone in the business field!  I will recommend to all of my colleagues!!
B005JZBP8W|5.0|This has got to be one of my favorite movies of all time.  Rex Harrison is Henry Higgins and Audrey Hepburn is perfect as Eliza.
B004EPYZU8|3.0|The music was really good. The concept was good but not original. The movie itself was not that great but made redeemable by the ending.
B002W5UVSM|2.0|This book was weird but lacked sense.  It was like read a story that tried to be fuuny but was just sad.
B0055SWM08|5.0|clever puzzles keep me coming back for more.  simple concept but higuly enjoyable and addictive likke tetris.  easily worth a dollar.
B001UV4XHY|2.0|I love all of the Harry Potter books and movies. However, this is the worst one, mainly because it looks like most of it was filmed in the dark and it is very difficult to see the action going on through most of the film. You can still have dark overtones and still have a few lights on so you can see what's going on. Don't these directors review them before they say \\"print\\"?  What's the point of filming a movie when it looks like it's almost entirely in the dark?  They also changed quite a few things from the book. This was a very disappointing Harry Potter movie.
1849514003|5.0|This book is an excellent resource for up and coming cocos2d developers. After spending many coding sessions immersed in the source samples I've discovered countless gems and programming patterns that helped me break through in my understanding of cocos2d. Cocos2d is an absolutely invaluable framework for 2d games and this book is the perfect companion. If you want a better understanding of how to harness graphics, audio, file management, physics and more this is the perfect tool for the job.
B001UV4XIS|3.0|I love all of the Harry Potter books and movies. However, Deathly Hallows part 2 isn't much better than part 1, ONLY because Yates (the director) has filmed the movie so dark you can't see what's going on. Part 2 is a little better than part 1. I know Yates was going for \\"mood\\" but he and the crew failed miserably. How can you set the mood if you can't see what's going on?  There is no excuse for filming a very good movie and turning it into an okay movie by filming it with no lights. It is VERY disappointing. I watch a movie so I can be entertained and SEE what's going. Also, not only is it so dark you can't see anything, the sound effects and music are so loud you can't hear what people are saying (which is how they do most movies now). I'm sorry, I want to SEE and HEAR what's going on in a movie!
B003VS0CXS|5.0|Love this film and music!!! I'm addicted!!! That said - now - Hushaby!!!  VERY PLEASED!! Thank you SOOO MUCH for this bit of enjoyment!!!
B0068RHGJM|5.0|I thought the album was unbelievable.  I have to say there is not a single song in that album that I hated really.  I even loved the instrumental parts.  Tuoumos Is amazing when it comes to his writing.  He is so passionate and it gives me chills believe it or not. \\"Scaretale\\" was just creepy in some ways but very meaningful.  \\"Storytime\\" is a great song but not my favorite.  I have to say that my favorite songs are \\"I want my tears Back.\\" The other favorite one of mine has to be \\"Turn Loose the Mermaids.\\"  Annette showed her slow singing talents.  Marco is amazing in the heavier parts of the music.  He has unbeleivable talent.  I actually own one of his other cds by his group \\"Tarot\\"  but he shows more of himself in \\"Nightwish\\"  Tuomos I think should write his own book of poetry.  He should put in poetry he had written but never put into a cd.  He is just majestic in every sense of the word.  I do believe they have come a long way from \\"Passion Play\\"    I was a huge Tarja fan but only got interested in \\"Nightwish\\" in 2008 and by then she was gone sadly enough.  My first concert was \\"Passion Play\\" tour in Worcester, ma.  I enjoyed it but really missed Tarja but now that I am listening to this album, I can not wait for them to tour again here.  Annette has won my love for her music and can't wait for more albums to come.  Nightwish \\"Nightwish\\" is amazing all around and I wish more people in the states heard of them.  I am probably the only person in my neighborhood alone who knows of Nightwish.  I am also 45 so that says something I think.  Old or young, this group is phenomenal.
B003E6K1VK|5.0|I absolutely love this product!   I am currently using the Fiio E7's DAC while it is docked into my Fiio E9 desktop amp. This setup is being used to drive my AKG Q701 headphones. This is an amazing setup.  Admittedly this is my first dip into 'Hi-Fi' audio. After doing a lot of research on the internet (mostly at headFi.org) I discovered that the Fiio E7/E9 was one of the best bang for the buck combos you can buy to get started in hi-fi audio.   I was a bit nervous at first, as before this the most expensive pair of headphone I have bought was less then $100 and the Fiio E7/E9 & AKG Q701 combo set me back roughly $500. However, this is the best sounding setup I have ever heard. I did not expect this set up to sound this good!  Needless to say I am very impressed with this product. I would recommend this product to anyone dipping into hi-fi audio gear.
B000000QFV|5.0|After initially dismissing this CD (it can't be Sabbath without Ozzy or Dio) I'm very glad I gave all of the Martin discs a second listen. To me this disc outshines the other Martin discs (Cross Purposes comes in second) and it's a shame that it wasn't given a fair shot by the media or most metal fans. Pick up a copy and give it a few listens with an open mind. I think you'll be glad you did!
B0064X7FVE|5.0|Best weather app out there by far. Just received a update to the app, and it is just great.  I use it every day.<br /><br />Hourly, three day, and ten day forecasts for multiple locations in seconds.  Try it!
B001E45XT4|5.0|I bought this for my wife as she talks for at least an hour every night on her iPhone 4 to my daughter. I don't think it's a good idea to have any kind of device that transmits and/or receives a signal glued to your head for any period of time, this includes a Bluetooth head set. I wanted a hardwire rig that fits over the ears with a microphone (my wife would not wear the ear buds that came with the phone). All of these headsets advertised only talked about their gaming ability or once in a while, their audio quality on an iPod but not making calls. I wasn't sure if it would work on the phone. The price was good enough that I gambled. The headset has two 3.5 mm plugs, one for listening and one for the microphone. I was nervous when I saw this as the iPhone only has one jack. I inserted the audio plug to the phone while letting the mic plug just dangle.  IT WORKED!  You can put the phone in your pocket, listen through the head phone and talk into the mic, truly a hands free affair.  I did need to use my Dremel to enlarge the hole in the iPhone case around the headphone jack. I taped up the microphone plug to eliminate confusion as I'll never use this for gaming.<br /><br />The actual product performance is great. Comfortable fit, good sound with adjustable volume that works. I've read some complaints about the quality of the microphone, I have not noticed this but then I'm just using it for phone calls and for that purpose, it works fine. And, cant forget the price. Great bang for buck!
B006TLFIAQ|4.0|KILLER ELITE is a true story taken from the book 'The Feather Men' by Sir Ranulph Fiennes, adapted for the screen by Matt Sherring, and directed with an eye toward speed by Gary McKendry. The bit of history that the film addresses is the aftermath of the Dhofar Rebellion launched in the province of Dhofar against the Sultanate of Muscat and Oman, which had British support, from 1962 to 1976. It ended with the defeat of the rebels, but the state of Oman had to be radically reformed and modernized to cope with the campaign. The fact that three sons of the Sheik of Oman were killed by the British leaving the Sheik with a strong need for revenge so that he can regain his kingdom by sending his remaining son to a safe land is the springboard for the film's plot.<br /><br />Before the film's action begins, the Sheik has taken hired assassin Hunter (Robert De Niro) captive because he failed to kill the murderers of his three sons. The film opens in 1980 the exiled Sheik (with his remaining son Bakhait - Firass Dirani) hires Hunter's pupil Danny (Jason Statham), a retired member of Britain's Elite Special Air Service, to kill the three assassins of his sons. A private organization of ex SAS tasks men headed by Spike (Clive Owen) is assigned to protect the British assassins. Covering the globe from Australia to Paris, London and the Middle East, Danny and Hunter, two of the worlds' most elite operatives, are plunged into a highly dangerous game of cat and mouse - where the predators become the prey.<br /><br />There is plenty of incredible action in the form of one-on-one fights between Statham and Owen, car chases, and other acts of derring-do to keep the film rolling. At times the plot gets muddy and some of the characters are not well defined - those played by Domenic Purcell, Aden Young, Ben Mendelsohn and Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje in particular. And of course there is the requisite romance between Statham and Yvonne Strahovski, which helps soften the film periodically. But basically this is an action film; the main reason it is of such interest is the fact that it is based on a true story - a story whose history is shared in the closing credits. Definitely a film for Statham/De Niro/Owen fans! Grady Harp, January 12s an action film; the main reason it is of such interest is the fact that it is based on a true story - a story whose history is shared in the closing credits. Definitely a film for Statham/De Niro/Owen fans! Grady Harp, January 12
B0058VW36U|5.0|this game rocks!!!!!!!!!! when I had to go to the grocery store I didn't want to just cuz I was playing this game!!!!!!!!!!!! its do addicting!!!! those of u that said it failed, poop on u!!!!!!!
B004EPYZXK|1.0|I had seen the preview, and it looked compelling and exciting. As a result I was eager to see the movie, so about a week ago I rented it from the local Redbox.  It was barely worth the $1.20 it cost to rent.  Other reviewers here have gotten more into the technical aspects of the movie, so I don't feel the need to re-hash what has already been said. See, for instance, Ian's \\"Houston, we have a REALLY big problem\\" review of 9-2-2011. While I agree with his assessment of the mechanics of the movie, I disagree with his overall recommendation of it. Here's why:  First, the movie is only 1-1/4 hours long, so it draws to a close before you even know it.  The shortness is only intensified by the fact that the first 20 minutes of the movie are spent showing you what is made to look like archival footage from NASA.  So yeah, you get to see some astronauts, Mission Control, etc.  In my estimation, those 20 minutes effectively did little more than serve as filler--which tells you how anemic the movie actually is.  So when you factor out those essentially pointless 20 minutes, you're left with a film that is really less than an hour long.  This is not much time to develop anything of substance.  Second, the movie just isn't scary. It's moderately suspenseful at times, but that's as hair-raising as it gets.  If the whole point of a horror movie is to generate...well, horror and fear...then what's the use of producing a horror movie that fails to deliver on its primary purpose?  Third, I found the movie predictable at certain crucial moments.  I don't want to spoil it by offering specifics, but if the viewer can see some of the important plot twists or developments coming down the pike, it certainly lessens the experience and mimimizes the scare or suspense value.  So despite the reviewers who give this movie three or more stars, I would HIGHLY recommend to the potential buyer that you RENT IT first.  You may be very glad you did.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game. It is really, really, really fun and any time I am board I would play this.
B0000019PA|5.0|This album consistently resonates with me in ways that no other album has in a long, long time, and I don't understand it.  Yes, Jeff Magnum does not have the greatest voice. Yes, the band is competent, but hardly spectacular.  Yes, the lyrics seem either over-thought or under-thought depending on how you approach the album, but in the end, this album gets it. It hits the right notes.  It resonates.  It touches.  And I find myself pouring a glass of beer or wine, and cranking this up.  Because it is so ...
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is an awesome game! I like that you have to earn coins to open new games. every level is more challenging.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|used it on my kindle fire great app, fun to play and has cool games, the only down side is you have to unlock other games
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is one of the best games I've ever played! Everyone should play this game. It is very fun!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is a fun game to entertain me. but wen it updates you lose your progress but honestly I don't care if I lose my progress because I already know Howe to beat the game.
B003PBB4ME|3.0|I like this product. Although made of plastic (isn't everything nowadays?) it feels solid and sturdy. However, it lacks an extra shoe so you can mount both an external microphone and light with your camcorder. It would have been so simple to add a second shoe to the unit when it was designed. This design oversight causes me to award it 3 stars, instead of 5. I do not regret buying it, though. I just had to jury-rig an extra shoe to the handle. But it is an adequate product, whereas an extra shoe would have made it a *great* product. Such a pity!
B0047Y0FGY|5.0|I'm about halfway through this book and am in LOVE with it.  Tina Fey is hilarious and this book has me laughing out loud every other page.  Tina Fey rocks! :-)
B002ZG981E|5.0|Gran pelcula, gran historia, muy buena edicin, gran calidad de imagen, sper recomendable. Los extras que vienen tambin son muy interesantes.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|you most get 101 games +16 it is the best game in the u need  to get this game know joking
140053271X|5.0|This is an excellent product.  Bought as a present for my daughter.  She loves it and does not want to put it down.  I highly recommend.
B005HSL626|5.0|I love this game, it is very fun and addicting. Plus its free! I play this game all the time!
B004O3YGMC|4.0|The only reason I didn't give this a five star is because occasionally trying to type on my computer from my phone is very very laggy.  But it works great and I use it everyday I love this app
B006GG1KOC|4.0|I think that this game is good for all kids that need help in this catagory that is my opinion
B0060FXBNM|5.0|I saw the first transformers movie and the second, and I love them. Never got the chance to see the third but when the 3pack combo was anounce to be released I just decided to get it. What a great combo pack!!! The 3 movies are great!!!
B005HSL626|4.0|it is so cool. I would totally recommend it. it is fun and amusing, but the fruit ninjas that costs more is better.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|I said it all in the intro, I have enjoyed this as much I have Avatar ,do your self a favor and get it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|loads of fun, great variety, ever changing, great to occupy your mind with games that are fun and challenging think everyone will love it
B0063IH60K|5.0|works good on fire. Good set up. ive had no problems. u can even choose winning games so u never get stuck in a funky losing streak.
B000N6TYLW|5.0|Season 7 is great!  The product arrived just as I expected it too, which was a wonderful Christmas present. Gilmore Girls never disappoints!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I enjoy most of the games, though some games are made harder by slow controls. I find most of the games work ok.
1451627289|5.0|Just finished it and love it.  I haven't read much King (horror is not my favorite genre) and some popular authors are surprisingly bad writers.  Fortunately, King is not one of these and indeed writes very well.  I was impressed that he could make me feel tenderness, hope, dread, nostalgia, and weave in the many details where the past itself provides the main conflict of the story.  This is the best popular novel I have read in several years.  Very well done.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I really appreciate and enjoy this app. There are so many options between translations and also wonderful devotionals and resources that will all help you grow spiritually, a must have app!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun to play. I love that it has lots of choices. that really helps keep my interest. love the rewards too.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|nice game, quick and easy and a ton of variety. play games mulitple times to get the most points. fun time. make sure to read the instructions before starting any game.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|This is by far the best keyboard AI ever.  I will never use a different one, this thing predicts everything I type
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love all the games, i would recommend this to everyone. I'M addicted  to all the games. I haven't experienced any problem ...great app, ever!!!!
0316019984|5.0|I have purchased many pop up books for my grand children. This book is stunning. Great colors and big pop ups. A book worth keeping on the shelf.  But even better a book that will entice your child to learn to love books.
1594202842|3.0|Lulu, when you get around to writing your memoir, I can guarantee it will be a best seller! We are all dying to hear your perspective on your childhood.  Too bad your Mom didn't put as much effort into her writing skills as she did into micromanaging you and your sister. This is a poorly written book, albeit with a fascinating story of bullying and emotional abuse.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a challenge collage of games. its sooooooo9ooooooooooookkloooooooooooooooooooooooooo fun and addicting. it excersises the brain and challenges the unworked parts of the mind. good luck. having a blast
B0052UZIFA|3.0|I love the game. Played it on the PC, iOS, and DS. Game looks good on android. However, it can get very laggy. Sometimes it even reboots my Droid Charge. It's also missing features like the Zen Garden. I've earned all the achievements...now what?
B0053YGYO4|4.0|I can't say I'm a huge Coldplay fan, but I absolutely loved \\"Viva La Vida/Prospekt's March\\". It was an album (or set of albums, depending on which one you have) that was incredible, featuring thought-provoking songs, incredible melodies, and was woven into a cohesive whole. I'm happy to say that \\"Mylo Xyloto\\" has continued on that trend. While it's a different sound than the previous work, it is also brilliant.  The cover art says it all: this album is an explosion of color. From the opening strains of 'Mylo Xyloto' to the closing sounds of 'Up with the Birds', the record is full of guitars, organs, and other interesting textures. And, unlike many artists today, Coldplay understands the concept of an \\"album\\": all of the songs work together to bring out the best in one another. Sure, taken out of context, clips like 'Mylo Xyloto', 'M.M.I.X.', or 'A Hopeful Transmission' are confusing - they each clock in at under a minute. But they serve as a bridge from one section of the album to the next, taking you on a continuous musical journey.  The big songs I'm sure you know; 'Every Teardrop is a Waterfall' is an upbeat, infectious work. 'Paradise' has a bit more of a rock vibe, and it's easy to sing along to. I'm sure other songs in this vein - 'Charlie Brown', 'Hurts Like Heaven', 'Don't Let It Break Your Heart', and 'Princess of China' (which features Rhianna) will also become hits. Though they are different from each other, they sound like family members.  The other tracks are the ones that channel an earlier Coldplay sound. 'Us Against the World' is a delicate ballad, as is 'U.F.O.'. 'Up in Flames' takes an even slower approach, while 'Up with the Birds' is near-acoustic but much more developed than the bare-bones feel of the other three.   The only song I can honestly say I'm not a huge fan of is 'Major Minus'. It has definite similarities to U2' 'Vertigo', and it fits in with the rest of the record, but it's not a favorite of mine. However, it's definitely the most rock song on the album, and it's not bad at that.  Overall, \\"Mylo Xyloto\\" is a fresh sound from Coldplay that proves there are bands out there who respect the idea of an album in this age of single-track digital downloads. It's refreshingly brilliant.
B004XNPQUO|4.0|this app appears to show a realistic account of objects traveling through a spacetime that is curved in the presence of highly massive objects ( well, pixels representing highly massive objects).
B000SO7OM0|5.0|Mckennitt is a genius.She is also a siren,luring elderly men from their assigned household tasks to listen enthralled.The DVD is excellent from any standpoint(eg. production,performance,staging,etc.). The only negative: Lyrics were not provided but should have been. The text in many of the pieces qualifies as poetic and should be easily accessible.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app is fun keeps me busy  even the hubby enjoys playing these games. I'm sure if my son sees this app I will never see my kindle again
B004EPZ06Q|5.0|Thanks for the great service!  Received it in time for Christmas even though I wasn't expecting it!  Product was in excellent shape!
B0058PJ6NE|1.0|don't even waste your time. this is a terrible app and pointless. do yourself a tabor and just buy your own music.
B006GG1KOC|5.0|This app has a nice variety of challenges for young children to develop critical thinking skills.  I think our 6 year old will love it.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|We ordered this for our son for Christmas who is in the Air Force and was home on leave . The movies got here in time for Christmas and he took it with him to watch later.
B005JZBPHS|4.0|This series is completely amazing. Too bad the special features are really dumb. I was excited to watch the cast reunion special thinking at least that might be good. No, it was terrible too. But I didn't buy this for the special features, I bought it because I LOVE the show.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Love the game, had great diversity, and slliwz for hours of interesting yet dimple game play. Also paces you and gives a howl so you font get bored. ;)
B004V5QWU2|5.0|This app is great for those who have trouble sleeping or would like to block unwanted noise for focus while reading. The free version did fine but the paid version is well worth the $1.50 to support the developers.
0812550706|5.0|In some distant future earth, a global totalitarian government is faced with the necessity to select genetically altered children bred as geniuses and train them from a young age as military leaders. Winning the almost interminable war against an insect-like alien race known as the \\"buggers\\" depends on the proper selection and installation of a fleet admiral who can lead earth in a final invasion against the enemy with complete annihilation considered to be the only successful outcome. Ender Wiggin, the ruthlessly maligned third child in a family where strict population controls limit families to only two children, is thought to be that one-in-a-million potential leader with the perfect combination of ruthlessness, cruelty and strength blended with compassion, genius and the ability to withstand solitude and isolation.<br /><br />From a purely time perspective, ENDER'S GAME was definitely published long enough ago to be deemed \\"classic\\" sci-fi but, like Asimov, Heinlein, Herbert, Simak et al, Orson Scott Card has also earned the moniker in the purest literary sense. Focusing on the soft side of his genre's spectrum - ideas, personalities, issues and philosophies set in a futuristic, science oriented setting as opposed to harder space opera, equipment, technology and hardware - ENDER'S GAME is a thought-provoking head-scratcher from start to finish. Students of the human condition can (and certainly should) use ENDER'S GAME as a suitable starting point for heated discussions on a bewildering array of controversial topics - military leadership; the morality of war; the inherent violence in the genetic make-up of the human animal; the use of the Internet as a tool in the dissemination of political propaganda; the future of specialized education; the likely reaction of humanity to the discovery of alien intelligence; genetic manipulation and much, much more.<br /><br />Whether you read it shallow or read it deep; whether you think about it after you're finished, discuss it with a reading group or use it as material for a more scholarly essay ... it doesn't really matter! Any advocate of sci-fi as a genre that deserves its place in the panoply of English literature will love Orson Scott Card's ENDER'S GAME.<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />Paul Weissroup or use it as material for a more scholarly essay ... it doesn't really matter! Any advocate of sci-fi as a genre that deserves its place in the panoply of English literature will love Orson Scott Card's ENDER'S GAME.  Highly recommended.  Paul Weiss
B0054JZC6E|2.0|game wlould probably. be pretty fun, but seems as though every other game you play an add pops up! just way too many and the whole screen too.  works good on kf has some fun games too especially the wishing game
B0063IH60K|5.0|A great time passer...only problem is that it can be hard to put down and can TOTALLY lose track of time!!!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Love the game.  Great for kids of all ages.  I love how the difficulty level varies so young kids can play and still have the oldest of kids entertained.  Great way to pass the time.
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|This trilogy is probably the best set of books that I have ever read.  It is literally impossible to read one without needing to read the next.  They flawlessly move from one to the next weaving a tale that develops into an epic story of love, greed, power, and vengence.  I highly recommend this trilogy to anyone and everyone!
B003PIUBZS|5.0|Amazing series. Great charter building and great story line. a unexped and happyly surpring twist at every turn. I simply can not get enough of this Series. my only disapoint ment is with the next installment of the Spartacus series. Andy is does not portray Spartacus in it. has me sceptical... but hopeful. i intend on getting the other curently dvd published instalment of this series. so good...
B006VA3ZT6|5.0|I stumbled onto this series by sheer accident. Watching it is like reading a really good book that you just cannot put down. The initial episode is a little slow, but did very good at setting up the characters. The following shows have done a great job of developing the characters, while maintaining a bit of mystery about them. I cannot recommend this series enough!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|In all, the games are pretty fun, but the controls are very confusing. In many games you drag across the screen to move or change direction. I feel that the games would be easier with buttons, such as arrow keys. Just my opinion.
B003DZBYL8|5.0|Bought this as a gift to my boyfriend for Christmas and he loves it. Vinyls have a great sound to them and worth the money in my opinion. Only thing is, Amazon US doesn't carry Road Salt Two on vinyl, but I ended up finding it at Amazon.uk. Took a little while but it wasn't an issue.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it is good for killing time. many of them are simple and gun but some are too boring though. I wonder if I can get all of them without spending any money
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I played this game every day since I downloaded it and I love it. I recommend it to those who like various games
B004PHSTY8|5.0|This is an amazing show with a great plot line. Came well packaged and on time as promised. Bonus, the guys are extremely hot! I recommend this show to everyone.
0312641893|5.0|CINDER is another hyped book that I was wary about, especially since I am a big science fiction nerd. I mean, Book Brats is about science fiction and kick butt girls and swoony stuff. And I was just so afraid that I was going to be let down. And like with UNDER THE NEVER SKY, I was surprised that I actually really enjoyed what I read. Although it wasn't perfect, it was a fun, engaging book that has made the New York Times Bestseller List for a reason. And hopefully it will bring a lot more young girls into the science fiction nerd realm so I'm not all alone.<br /><br />The story is about a girl named Cinder, a mechanic living in New Beijing with her stepmother and stepsisters who harbors a secret - she's a cyborg. Adopted when she was eleven by a man who died soon after, she became a servant to her stepmother, forced to bring in money for a family that mostly hates her (with one exception). Okay, let's face it, if you've seen/read Cinderella, you know the story. If you've seen EVER AFTER, then you're even better off in my opinion! Da Vinci!<br /><br />So yeah, the story is a little predictable because of the sheer fact it's a retelling of CINDERELLA. In addition, the foreshadowing at times is seriously heavy handed. That was probably the main fault for me - at times the glowing neon sign above a clue's head was flashing FORESHADOWING and Cinder carried on clueless while I, the reader, was smacking my head laughing. But don't worry, the story more than makes up for this.<br /><br />Cinder is a girl who doesn't need anyone besides herself. She has gone through so much in her life, the pain and anguish of living under a stifling roof, being an outcast, losing things she has loved so dearly, and being unable to have what she desires the most, but does she let that stop her? Never! I was in a book store a few weeks back where I found a girl browsing books and I found myself trying to strike up a conversation about role models in young adult books. The book she had in her hand was not one I would want my daughter reading, let's just say that. Her mother overheard us and the girl ended up taking home a book with a girl that doesn't need a man to complete her, with both her and her mother happy. Why is this relevant, you ask?<br /><br />Because CINDER is a book that I would now suggest to that girl. It has a strong female character mixed with a strong plot and effective storytelling from debut author Meyer. From Cinder to her sister Peony to android Iko to the evil Queen Levana, the vast majority of the characters are well developed and fascinating. Although it does suffer from predictability, it is still a book that evokes emotions from the reader and takes them on a thrilling ride through New Beijing and the Eastern Commonwealth. And with three books coming up continuing the story, you know this series is going to be one that gets better.<br /><br />VERDICT: A fabulous series in the making, CINDER is deserving of the praise being heaped on it. Even with a few minor foreshadowing issues, this is a must read book. This is definitely an author to watch.t my daughter reading, let's just say that. Her mother overheard us and the girl ended up taking home a book with a girl that doesn't need a man to complete her, with both her and her mother happy. Why is this relevant, you ask?  Because CINDER is a book that I would now suggest to that girl. It has a strong female character mixed with a strong plot and effective storytelling from debut author Meyer. From Cinder to her sister Peony to android Iko to the evil Queen Levana, the vast majority of the characters are well developed and fascinating. Although it does suffer from predictability, it is still a book that evokes emotions from the reader and takes them on a thrilling ride through New Beijing and the Eastern Commonwealth. And with three books coming up continuing the story, you know this series is going to be one that gets better.  VERDICT: A fabulous series in the making, CINDER is deserving of the praise being heaped on it. Even with a few minor foreshadowing issues, this is a must read book. This is definitely an author to watch.
B001FB4W0M|5.0|Season 4 was excellent and everything you could hope for in the series. If you're a fan of the show you'll love this set. You can't go wrong with Jared and Jensen.
B0063IH60K|3.0|it's about the same as most computer solitary games. I enjoy it, but not spectacular.  thank you for making this game available, it is one of my favorites.
B002JVWRAY|5.0|Season 5 has to be the best season. The boys are on fire in this season and as hot as ever. Highly recommend!!!
B003L77G06|5.0|Absolutely a hilarious TV series! It is a great show for all ages. Shipped fast and received the item within a few days.
B0017YDPI2|5.0|Great season for a great show. I highly recommend this set to anyone. You can't go wrong with Jensen and Jared.
B004SDEP38|3.0|There is no way to extract 7zip or winrar files on my sd card. Add a zip file extract function for five star rating. Until then I give three stars.
B001ECQ4AS|5.0|One of my favorite shows ever! This first season that started it all. You won't be disappointed with this series. Plus it has Jensen and Jared. What more needs to be said.
B001NXDSLQ|5.0|I totally enjoyed revisiting Woodstock . The footage was live , images were clear,  It brought back so many memories!    The music sounded great, the impromptu clips, interviews  were recorded professionally.      \\"  3 days Man, ,....,,,,,,3 days!!!!
B004UFEJS0|5.0|My 2 year old son absolutely loves this movie! He's always asking to watch the mouse. I love that it comes with the Blu Ray disc and a DVD disc so we can use it on the go.
B005VR9328|4.0|I'm not a Roots aficionado by any means and my introduction to the band was Phrenology, which made my playlist daily back in college; 'The Seed' probably having more plays at parties than any other song in my college career. It is almost universally loved by all.   That being said, I didn't hear anything by the band until How I Got Over last year, which made me fall in love with the band all over again. Suffice it to say if you don't have that album, your indie hip hop, or whatever genre you attribute The Roots to, is significantly lacking.  This album has some fantastic tracks on it, but also has some filler. I understand their desire to make a more unique 'concept' album of sorts and I appreciate the creativity there, but there are really only 7 tracks on this album (3-10). Those tracks are solid and are your typical catchy refrain mixed with the silky smooth intelligent rhymes you expect from The Roots. I can do without the instrumental tracks - they really don't do anything for me at all and aren't anything more than what seems like extra tracks to make the album >10 tracks long and more sellable.   Bottom line, the 7 tracks on this album worth listening to are some of The Roots best and if you are at all a fan, it's worth a buy. If you haven't heard them before, start with Phrenology and How I Got Over and then decide from there.
B003L77GGU|5.0|The sixth season may not have been the best but it was still great and I still recommend this show to every one. Plus you can't go wrong with these two smokin hot guys!
B000002KDI|5.0|I have an eclectic taste in music - lately anything from hip hop, electronica, indie, jam....basically anything but pop country. This is the best album I bought this year of any genre live or recorded. What is left to say about the brilliance of Neil Young? His talents are unmatched by anyone in the history of music. This album highlights them all. Everything from his pleasant acoustic/harmonica melodies to his hard driving guitar riffs are on display in this, which to me is potentially the greatest Live album I have ever had the pleasure of hearing. At least top 5.   This album has all the charm of 'Live at Massey Hall' with in my opinion a better track selection from his acoustic set standpoint - all his greatest tunes are here. His lyrics sound great live on every track, which is a concern with some Live Neil Young I have heard in the past as his voice is so unique. I have yet to find an album which is so comprehensive in producing all the feelings that made you love Neil Young's catalog to begin with.  Bottom line; you will probably shed a tear after hearing the version of 'After the Gold Rush' and Rock your socks off to 'Hey, Hey, My, My'. It just doesn't get any better than this.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|lots of fun and interesting games. it was great for a 20 hour road trip! highly recommend it for anyone wishing to kill time
B005URRCUY|4.0|I saw The Black Keys in concert for the first time at The Aragon in Chicago over new years 2011 on the 'Brothers' Tour. I can tell you that it was the most refreshing show I have seen in years. Rock and Roll in its truest form is a lost art. There are very few bands right now that succeed in producing the classic blues-rock feeling of loud hard charging guitar riffs, solos, and refrains mixed with more relaxed classic blues tracks. I would argue that there aren't any in this generation that have been doing it as consistently as The Black Keys.  That being said, this album is much more pop-rock than blues-rock. Don't get me wrong, it's good pop-rock, and it creates a more broad radio-friendly fan base.  An undeniably genius business decision by the band. It lacks what we all loved about 'Thickfreakness' and much of 'Attack and Release'  et al in the dirty, blusey, deliberate and simple guitar riffs and solos that many of us view as the band's most successful gift.  Bottom line is that this is a great rock album; something lacking in today's music world. I'd love to see at least a couple blues tracks on it, but I can't blame the band for what they have become.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is a fun way to play a huge variety of games. I am positive that you will be addicted instantly, like me.
B004UUKDNA|5.0|For some reason, none of the major Indie magazines had this album on their top 50 list of the year, and, to me, that makes absolutely no sense. If you have any preference for electronic indie music, this is a must have. I'm sure you've heard much of it on commercials and on the radio, but top to bottom, this is a fantastic album. I'm not sure if it has gotten too 'mainstream' for the hipster crowd to continue to appreciate, but it it albums like this that get me excited about the future of music.  What I most like about the album is that it is constantly entertaining. From the lyrics to the electronic synths to the driving bass, you will not be bored at any point during the process. Turn it on in any situation, and your mood will be instantly improved.  Guaranteed to like it if you enjoyed: Passion Pit, Sleigh Bells, Cut Copy
B005COO1X6|1.0|It's like he had an idea for a story and the publishers came knocking so he turned in something really rough and incomplete.  It's more of a campfire story for 9 year olds.
B004XE0P5E|5.0|Best album of the year. No question.  I may be unique in that I wasn't a big fan of his first album and bought this with hesitation. After the first time I heard it, I was in love. The majority of the tracks on this album give you that sense of calm, peaceful contentment that I have yet to achieve from listening to any other album this year (Fleet Foxes was close).  Holocene may be my favorite song of the past 5 years and I have yet to find someone who honestly does not love it. A perfect meld of guitar, voice, snare, and chord changes that provide gentle waves of complete nirvana throughout. A perfect song. (Check out the video too, which seems to fit well)  If I had a complaint it would be the last track not really fitting in with the brilliance of the rest of the record and that his lyrics are occasionally drowned out, but its more stylistic than anything....i'm struggling to say anything bad about this album, so I'll refrain from any other feeble attempts to do so.  Sit on the couch, get some headphones and a glass of your favorite beverage/herbal remedy and melt right in. It'll change your life.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This the funnest and most addicting app ever! I would sugest tho app to any one. I wish there was more like it in the app store.
B0053O89WY|5.0|I started watching in season three and have purchased all the DVD sets of this show and anticipate with excitement the DVD set for Season Five.<br /><br />I think the show has changed and is progressing in a positive direction. The characters are growing and maturing and with the addition of Bernadette and Amy, brilliantly played by Melissa Rouch and Mayim Bialik respectively, there is added depth and increased laughter.<br /><br />I think the show is still fresh and funny and as long as it remains that way this viewer will continue watching!
0307477479|3.0|This won the Pulitzer fiction prize last year and comes with four pages of dazzling reviews. Sorry to say, it did not dazzle me. It's very weird, a series of episodic chapters centred around a New York record producer and one of his artists, their families, friends, lovers and kids. All these lives, hedonistic and self-absorbed, criss-cross over several decades. One chapter, supposedly by a child, is laid out like a PowerPoint presentation. A VISIT FROM THE GOON SQUAD seems to be the literary equivalent of Installation Art: Hirst's pickled sharks or Tracey Emin's famous unmade bed.<br /><br />I'm very resistant to experimental writing unless it's broadly linear in construction like, say, CATCH 22 or THE GINGER MAN. A couple of Jennifer Egan's characters have the off-the-wall appeal of Salinger's Franny and Zooey. There's a wickedly funny chapter when a PR lady stages a photo-op with a blonde bimbo filmstar for a South American dictator with image problems similar to Qaddafi's; and a chapter involving a teenage runaway in Naples has some pleasing moments. Egan writes crisply and economically (bearable at 350 pages, 700 would be torture!), but overall this disconnected kaleidoscope seems to me another egregious example of that recurring cultural phenomenon: The Emperor's New Clothes. In literature it probably started with Virginia Woolf and, yes, I am afraid of her!<br /><br />Reviewer is the author of [[ASIN:1849234027 Shaikh-Down]]
B0054JZC6E|5.0|download if you need something to do. there are lots of different games to choose. unlocking games kills your bank. glad I found it
B0055SWM08|5.0|Played for 30 minutes without even noticing..good mix of simple and difficult as I hate to get frustrated. Quick. to learn and peaceful serene screen and music
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it has a lot of fun games! some are more fun than others.I would tell you to get this app because it is alot of fun.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|(this game is fun and I enjoy it its free and fun I enjoy it very much you.have to unlock the.games.tho
B004MC8CA2|5.0|The perfect pocket Bible. Lots of versions and devotionals! Easy to use. I especially like the audio options as well.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|There was spam or something that popped up in my notification bar after I installed this app. Don't like that at all
B000B5XOXY|4.0|This movie really shows that Tim Burton took a seat way in the back as producer because the studios alienated him from the Batman franchise after \\"Batman Returns\\". The result you get is a Batman movie that maintains a level of the darkness that Burton's movies had but had an overall more accessible tone. By doing that, the atmosphere of Gotham City and the way Batman conducted himself changed. Val Kilmer plays an excellent Bruce Wayne and when he puts on the Batman suit, he's pretty good too. The only problem with Batman is that he has intellectual conversations, makes jokes, and doesn't seem to have that stoic posture he once had in the first movie that put fear into criminals. Whoever wrote this script definitely messed up there in my opinion. Chris O'Donnell was a perfect choice for Robin because he actually makes his role a believable one and lets Robin show that he has flaws because he's new at fighting crime. Nicole Kidman is fine as a love interest but there's not much to say other than she played her part well. The references to the prior movie were smart as well (revised Batmobile, reference to Catwoman).<br /><br />The villains I feel were the downfall of this movie; Jim Carrey didn't play the Riddler right. The Riddler was sophisticated and classy whereas Jim Carrey portrays him more like the Joker on Adderall. If you can get past that, he makes a somewhat decent contribution to the film as Edward Nigma. Tommy Lee Jones does a decent job as Two-Face but is also over the top and didn't have enough depth. Aaron Eckhardt would perfect that later in \\"The Dark Knight\\". Despite the villains not being written as well as they could've been, it somehow works out with the plot of the movie.<br /><br />This movie is bashed up a lot because of some of the things I mentioned and more. It really isn't a bad movie; it's just that in the back of my mind when I watch this, things pop in my head like \\"why can't it be gloomy and gothic like the first 2?\\" or \\"i don't think the bad guys are sinister enough or dark enough\\". In short, this is a different director who filmed this and the former director of the Batman films prior to this one took the back-seat creatively by producing it. The result is you get a lighter side but the gloom hasn't faded away entirely.<br /><br />Bottom line: Decent movie but not as good as it's predecessors (or Christopher Nolan's new ones). Still something worth owning.ster enough or dark enough\\". In short, this is a different director who filmed this and the former director of the Batman films prior to this one took the back-seat creatively by producing it. The result is you get a lighter side but the gloom hasn't faded away entirely.  Bottom line: Decent movie but not as good as it's predecessors (or Christopher Nolan's new ones). Still something worth owning.
B005BGBPBG|5.0|I have read all of Emily Giffin's books and she definitely does not disappoint.  I was apprehensive about watching a movie made from her book since most books do not translate well on screen.  There are changes, but I feel that this movie did the book justice.  Emily Giffin was an advisor for the movie and I think that helped.  his is just a \\"good time\\" chick flick to watch with some friends.  I am already anxiously waiting for \\"Something Blue\\"  to be made into a movie.
B0013WJGJ0|5.0|This is the film that really turned Batman into a serious vigilante and made Batman into a dark/reclusive personality instead of being extremely campy and cheesey. Tim Burton is what made this film the masterpiece that it is because he created a gothic-tone for everything in the film and made sure that Batman was as brooding and intimidating as possible. This is the best Batman suit model I've ever seen, it shows that Batman means business and is a force to be reckoned with. Micheal Keaton plays the introspective Bruce Wayne nicely but when he becomes Batman he is a commanding force that you can't take your eyes off of. Jack Nicholson played the Joker perfectly, breeding classy with psychotic like it's nothing. Kim Basinger is a role that's just there but doesn't hinder the key components. Tim Burton also created a Gotham City that looked truly dark and gothic and dangerous and gave it like a 1940's gangster feel similar to the original comic book. This is the movie that launched Tim Burton into the mainstream and made him iconic and legendary. Danny Elfman's score is one of the best movie scores I've ever heard.<br /><br />A lot of people would argue that I'm wrong and that this isn't the best Batman movie ever made. It's true that movie's like \\"The Dark Knight\\" are very good movies but that movie and the others can never match this because this wasn't just a movie; it was a visual piece of art also that set the bar for decades to come.<br /><br />If you have never seen this, watch it immediately ha.<br />If you love this movie, you know what I was babbling about.
B005GVF95O|3.0|This could be a very nice game for really young children, the main flaw I see is that the pieces are in the exact same places every time you play, so my daughter starts to memorize them after a couple plays. Seems like the pieces should be randomly distributed each time you play. Other than that, it is good, but more puzzles and difficulty levels would make it excellent.
B000B5XOSO|5.0|With this Batman movie, Tim Burton put even more of himself creatively into things. His idea for the Penguin to be a deformed creature living in the sewers and for Catwoman to be mentally unstable are very edgy and work. The Penguin is usually a jewel thief with a pet bird so the new concept was kind of refreshing. Batman and Bruce Wayne are more open this time around, not much more open but you learn more about the characters themselves. In the first movie, Batman was very stoic and mysterious so you could never really read Bruce Wayne or Batman. Danny DeVito plays the role of the Penguin very well and Michelle Pffiefer is above and beyond with her portrayal as Catwoman. The crooked businessman Max Shreck (Christoper Walken) is a nice addition to the villain line-up and Christoper Walken gives a knock-out performance. Some people criticize this for having too many villains but I think that they needed that many for the story plot to work (which it does very well). The story is a lot darker this time around and it's a lot more grotesque at times; like a graphic novel translated to the big screen. Even though this is a more adult Batman movie, nothing changes the fact that it's well written and well acted. Tim Burton sets this story in the winter so Gotham City is a snow-covered, creepy, dangerous place that makes this movie have an even stronger gothic feel to it. Without a doubt this is the most \\"dark and adult\\" Batman movie.<br /><br />Some people say that this sequel eclipses the original but I disagree. Yes, this movie has a great story with strong performances and a very affective atmosphere (not to mention a new brilliant score by Danny Elfman). People need to understand that the two movies are equal to each other in their own right because one was a visual work of art masterpiece while the other was a brilliant, darker and more for mature audiences type of film that focused more on exploring the characters.<br /><br />If you haven't seen this, I'm very surprised and see it immediately haha<br /><br />If you have, I'm sure you know what I mean. Buy thissed and see it immediately haha<br /><br />If you have, I'm sure you know what I mean. Buy this
B005K17RU0|5.0|Always accurate and super easy to read. Pictures are also very clear. I have this on my kindle and my phone.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|3 stars becuz they went with quantity over quality. And ,it's free so what do u have to lose. so download it and use it when you are bored.
B000M2O6AQ|2.0|There is very little substance in this movie and the plot is very generic. I would not recommend it, especially not for the scenery.
B006TLFIAQ|2.0|Ehhh.... What is it that makes a good film? Good actors? Well this one has a few, can't blame them, we know they can do good work,  under the right circumstances. A big budget? $70,000,000, that should be enough. Who do we blame?  The director? It's his first feature! Well maybe that has something to do with it. I know I couldn't have done better, but the question remains .....what makes a good film? I still don't know how to put my finger on it. Perhaps if you just give the audience a little credit. We want to buy into the story and get lost, but we need a little more then what this film offers.... at least I do. I wanted to like it, but in the back of my mind I keep hearing a voice that was saying \\"this is is stupid\\".
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good games nice cluster of games for free cant beat it. nice time sink.great great great great great greater!!  REALLY!!!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great app. It has lots different card games. Along with personal setting options. Exceed what I was expecting from a free app.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love this app. it has all different. types. of games for everyone. I would recommend. thus. app if u like. variety
B0063IH60K|4.0|Downloaded and installed easily. Easy to play with the right -hand or left-hand option.  Has auto complete. You can change the picture on the card back.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|its a fun mini game. they're kind of lame games, but all work well. I'm really only doing the review to get more coins and unlock more games to see what else it has.
B006MQRLSA|4.0|There are some wonderful sports movies, Rocky, Hoosiers, Rudy, Bull Durham, Miracle and  more.  The one consistent theme is that they are often about over achievers.  I never tire of that theme.  Here the theme appears again (although the A's were merely over achievers, they didn't win the World Series).  Like Hoosiers, Miracle and Rudy, Moneyball is  a true story.  As a Baseball fan I found it thoroughly enjoyable.  You would think that one would tire of that theme, but we don't.
0439023513|2.0|Like most reviews let me start by saying Book 1 was fantastic.  Probably one of the best page turners I've read in a while.  Overall I did enjoy the entire trilogy and the world it presented.  However, compared to the greatness of the first book this book three really falls flat.  Spoilers below:  A few points I found fairly annoying:  -It seemed like half the book Katniss was drugged or in same weird state unable to cope.  She seemed to be in and out of these drugged states over a good part of the book so just when you think she's pulled it together and the book can finally progress she annoyingly is back drugged up.  -The Love triangle hits it's peak in book three.  I didn't find it annoying in book one, book two started to push it a bit, and book three just overdoes it to death.  I felt like a lot of pages were wasted trying to build the \\"OMG WHO IS SHE GOING TO CHOOSE SEQUEEEEL\\".    -The last part of the book felt rushed.  It sorta of seemed like the author realized the war need to be ended and just sort of hastily introduced some plots to do so  -The scene where bombs were dropped on kids felt pretty utterly pointless.  There wasn't really any motivation for either side to do this as the war was basically over and both sides new it.  It only happened to explain the twist at the end with who Katniss kills and who she chooses.  It just felt a bit fake and un-needed.  A few points I enjoyed:  -I enjoyed the description and going ons at the rebel district.  I actually really enjoyed the last half of Book 2 and the first half of Book 3.  -I enjoyed the parts where Katniss was actually strong and started sticking it to the Capitol.  Especially when she first started fighting back.
B0058VW36U|5.0|the only thing I do not like is that when you get passed a box you have to have a certain amount of stars.
B0055S348W|5.0|Works great with my kindle fire.  Quick and easy to set up... less than 2 mins.  I mostly print emails and recipes from the web.  To print from the web, I just cut and paste the address.  Even the color pictures look terrific!
B003R4ZMNQ|5.0|I watch the TV show and was glad to get the DVD. The show is quick, fun, beautiful views of Hawaii and great actors. Everyone is well-cast and the dialogue is as much fun as the action. Also, the titles of the episode are in Hawaiian. I show the original Hawaii Five-O. This is a worthy successor.  The DVD has interviews, a couple of commentaries, and shows deleted scenes. I'm very glad to have it.
B000JLSLZQ|5.0|I ordered this as a gift for a relative at Christmas.  This being said, I do not know how the actual DVD performed when played and watched. I can however state that I was very satisfied with the ordering and delivery process. There were not glitches and the product arrived promptly and in good shape.  Very satisfied and would recommend this vendor to a friend.  Jack Cary
B005H0IW6W|5.0|I purchased this CD as a Xmas present for my wife. A great hit with her. A great singer and album.
1400082773|1.0|[[ASIN:B000R9EG3Q Dreams From My Father - A Story Of Race And Inheritance, Revised Edition]]You would not think this book could have been written by a person that has become the President of the country that he so vehemently despises.It's more of a manifesto to destroy what he believes to be evil.
B00063EMJ6|5.0|Neil Young is one of a kind.  Can one say he is a good singer?  I do not know, but I like his quirky voice.  His musicianship is just awesome.  He collaborates with the best in the industry.  I like me some Neil Young.
038572179X|5.0|Ian McEwan has long been one of my favorite authors, and this is perhaps his strongest work. A must read.
B006GG1KOC|5.0|my four yr old loves this game. I do have to walk her through it. there were a couple I couldn't. figure out. still a good app
B0063IH60K|5.0|...and I even win sometimes!  Good animation, nice options, easy to use.  My whole family enjoys playing on my Kindle Fire.
1932907009|5.0|Great book. I am a published author and trying to break into script writing. I wish I'd had this book years ago. A must read for anyone trying to write a movie. Easy to read and lays out exactly how to write your script.
B0000797IO|5.0|The Good Girl is a 2002 slice-of-life dark comedy starring Jennifer Anniston as Justine, a small town woman bored with her life and disappointed by her wasted potential. After reading numerous negative reviews on Amazon about this film I just wanted to contribute my own thoughts on this movie. First, this is not your generic Hollywood comedy that i think many viewers were expecting. If you're looking for the usual formula of \\"confused but cute girl meets amazing guy and goes through series of wacky slapstick events and misunderstandings that leads to breakup only to conclude guy was perfect the whole time and finally makes public speech that fixes everything\\" then skip The Good Girl.<br /><br />The Good Girl is about being bored, craving excitement and the sometimes stupid actions people do in their pursuit of happiness. For those that enjoy independent films or interesting character studies and appreciate sarcasm or dry humor- this is a great film.<br /><br />Justine works at the retail rodeo, married right out of high school and has settled into a monotonous routine of work, home and sleep. Her husband paints houses and also smokes pot on a regular basis with his co-worker. Justine is frustrated that her life is boring, her husband has no ambitions and that ultimately she is wasting her time in a dead end job.<br /><br />Things change when a new and eccentric boy Holden (Jake Gyllenhal) starts working at the Retail Rodeo. His arrival starts an affair that is exciting for Justine but also brings her lots of guilt. As events unfold we follow Justine and watch her make good and bad decisions as she tries to decide what is best for her and the people around her.<br /><br />The film is a slow because real life is sometimes slow. The script is filled with plot twists and lots of dry humor and cynicism. If you look deeply at each character and try to understand their feelings and motives its a very sad film as well.<br /><br />I found this film to be funny, sad and very compelling - telling the story of many real people who quietly dream of doing more but feel trapped by their situation.le who quietly dream of doing more but feel trapped by their situation.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This was a very good game. I enjoy playing it on my freetime. I recommend this game for other people to play when they have time. It is the best game ever.
B001HN6EF4|3.0|As my 7-year-old daughter likes playing UNO, I got it for her.  The game itself is fun and good as you have to learn to use strategy.  We had a fun as a family with it.  However, I found 2 negatives.  The cards have 2 holes so that they can be attached to a plastic hook (see the product photo).  The narrow plastic area next to the hole easily broke 2 days later (of course, we did not play the game for 48 hours!). Also, the plastic hook is not designed well enough for the users to get all the cards hooked easily.  The opening is SO narrow, that you have to get the cards little by little go through the hook.  It takes more than 2 minutes just to put all the cards back to the hook.  I will need to buy a better hook (probably a ring) so that I will not be frustrated.    I would think that the manufacturer would test the product before they start selling in the market, but obviously, nobody seems to have actually tried to play with the cards and put them away.
B005HIREJK|4.0|Seiko Men's SNDC89P2 Leather Synthetic Analog with Black Dial Watch   NICE FACE  GOOD PRICE..  FAST SHIPPING  GOOD EXPERIENCE  JUST IT..
B004K4IZ54|5.0|Not having a 3D TV I will only comment on the Blue Ray....outstanding movie with excellent CGI....I like it and it takes a lot for me to say such.  The sound is outstanding with at least a 5+1 speaker system turned up some what.  In some ways the music and movie balance reminds me of Bladerunner which also was outstanding.  Could have had better definition on some scenes....am waiting for the Director's edition !!!  A definite buy!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like this game because it gets harder as you buy the other games and you pass them off. This is a really challenging game.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a great game I love it has super addictive arcade games great app I love it top ten in nh book
B0054JZC6E|1.0|Absolutely terrible. Games may last 15 seconds before being directed to a website. This is a waste, I deleted immediately.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I use this app every morning for my daily devotion and to read to my children in the morning.g before the go to school. I love the plans set up by day and especially the read aloud option.  Last night when my son was struggling. with something it was great to have the Bible at my fingertips. to look up a topic to aid him in his struggle.  I will be using the Bible app for years to come.
B004SUWR2C|5.0|I don't know how the previous versions are, but I use this on my kindle fire and it looks great. The game is fun, kills time, and I purchased when it was on sale for. 99, which is a great price.
B0063IH60K|5.0|If you like solitaire this is a great app! Lots of options. I like the hint feature to help when you think there are no more moves.
B004W2UBYW|5.0|The book is nicely structured in telling the reader Steve Jobs's life story. A very interesting and enlightening read which is well worth the time.
1452896283|4.0|\\"The Picture of Dorian Gray\\" is a Faustian novel, and one of the first ground-breaking pieces of gothic literature along with novels such as \\"The Castle of Otranto\\" by Horace Walpole and \\"The Mysteries of Udolpho\\" by Anne Radcliffe. Based on this merit alone it is worth reading. If you're a connoisseur of literature it's mandatory, and if you're not, it's highly recommendable.<br /><br />It tells of the life of Dorian Gray, who, upon meeting Basil Hallward (his painter's) friend Sir Henry Wotton, begins to fret over the ephemerality of his youth, and makes an involuntary wish for...Well I don't want to ruin it for anyone, so I'll leave that out. Chances are, going in, you know the premise of the novel, but I still don't want to risk a spoiler. Either way, slowly, he starts to lose himself, and the gentleness of his nature, and he is driven to \\"sin\\".<br /><br />It's a good read in many ways. For one it is an easy read, it can be enjoyed whether you are sitting at home or travelling. In another it is thought provoking, you could pull about two hundred quotes out of it and apply them to your daily life (and I'm not exaggerating). And lastly, the story line is gripping.<br /><br />If you're approaching this after experiencing Wilde's plays then I should warn you, there is no comedy here, in fact there is barely even a resemblance to the tone of his plays (although some of the dialogue is fairly similar).<br /><br />Either way, this is a damn good read and I certainly recommend it.<br /><br />If you're interested in gothic literature, this is highly, highly recommended, as are the above titles.
B0053YGYO4|3.0|It is a CD that I have the pleasure of recommending to their fans but not for alguin who has never heard. Only two issues are that I like, others are not at the level of the old Coldplay.
B005FUTBWS|1.0|I had to turn it off after probably 30 minutes.  Maybe it turns around after that but it wasn't looking like it.  I wasn't sure what the movie was about, i figured an action flick by the looks of the cover.  Not the case!  My fault for not researching it first but wow it was torture to watch.  My wife was not happy with me until i turned it off and even then i was in trouble for subjecting her to a movie where people are tortured and killed while a crazy religious nut preaches.  Not a cool movie.  Not enjoyable.  If you get through it you wont watch it again or ever recommend it to a friend.  Maybe if you like Human Centipede type movies you could like this.  You've been warned...
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I have had the game for about 48 hours and everything seems to work fine. great for wasting/killing time. well done.
B0063GORYU|4.0|I've played spider solitaire before but this version is the best I've ever played. Easy to play; when you need to put down the game it is easy to then pick back up when you're ready to start playing again.
B004RKXW0E|4.0|This product came fast, scratch free, and works as good as new. Best of all, its half the retail price.
0525478817|5.0|This book literally touched me. Literally. for real though, I loved reading it and it's definitely something I'll be re-reading soon because it's so intense and I don't think it's all sunk in yet. I highly recommend this to anyone and everyone who wants to cry and laugh and think.
1597801585|5.0|\\"Windup Girl\\" is a biopunk novel where science has provided genetically modified plants and animals, including \\"new people\\" or windups who are developed in the lab to have special abilities. The calorie companies, which are based in Des Moines, Iowa, have control over the foodstuffs of the world, selling sterile grain so that they can have control over the seed stock. The genetically modified humans come mostly from Japan, and include pleasure girls, construction workers and soldiers.  Unfortunately, the development of these superior crop and animal stocks has the disastrous results that current naysayers fear. Viral infections that attack both plants and humans are rampant, and so food is in short supply, and there is a never-ending fear of the next human epidemic. Early experiments with animals that were not sterile have introduced invasive species that prey on and destroy natural populations. The world-wide natural seed stocks have been depleted. Add to this that carbon fuels are hard to come by, and you have the state of the world after globalization where isolationism is viewed as a safety net.  Thailand has protected itself with the Environmental Ministry, which is in charge of controlling the borders against epidemics, plant diseases and modified humans. They are at odds with a Trade Ministry that wants the advantages of expansion. Caught in the middle is the child Queen and her regent. Each organization is militarized, with captains and generals and troops, the legacy of the previous king.   Thailand cannot survive completely isolated. The ocean levels have risen, and Bangkok is protected by dikes and sea pumps, which Thailand does not produce. They import these and Japanese expertise to build ships in a post-carbon-based world. Ocean transportation is by ship and dirigible, and the latter is provided by industrialists from the U.S. Other foreign businessmen own factories in Bangkok that produce the technologies, such as kink-spring devices, that are neededin a society where most energy is derived from food and delivered by human or animal power.  The intrigue of the book comes from the internal conflict of the various ministries, the need of the industrialists to find the right allies within the government and the underworld, and the clash of technology and traditional values and culture. But all are battling against what science has wrought and the desire of all life to grow and reproduce regardless of its origins.   Every character is rich, and we are sympathetic to none and to all. The book raises important questions, but leaves you wondering if it is too late, and nothing we can do can stop the progression from where we are now to this or some similar outcome.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I really love this app. Lots of fun. lt's free and it's challenging what more can you ask. You'll love it.
B005HSL626|1.0|The app won't even open on my Fire. I have deleted and reinstalled and it still will not work very disappointing!!
B000LB7G00|4.0|Got one in the office working with it for over 5 years  Excellent for 3d design.  now need 1 at home.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is the best game ever!!!!! I absolutely adore this game and it is the best thing ever!!!! I don't know why I did not get it sooner, I don't know how I lived without IT!!
B006GG1KOC|4.0|This game is so great for little kids!  And I have to admit that there were a couple of groups I needed a hint on!  Definitely a good time killer for the little ones though!
B004UID2LC|1.0|Near useless app - unless you just absolutely HAVE to have that song, you're better off suffering without it because what this app creates is the lowest fidelity, lowest quality audio version of what you were just listening to on YouTube (22kbps audio, when iTunes current standard is 256kbps. In other words, the converted YouTube audio is about 1/10 as good sounding as what you get from iTunes and high quality HD audio in YouTube itself.)  It sounds like you're listening through water, and the audio I tested came from HD videos on YouTube that I confirmed sounded fantastic prior to the conversion.  It's free, but it's not even worth the trouble.  Just don't bother unless you have terrible hearing or REALLY don't care at ALL about sound quality.
B0062NAX1U|5.0|This was a wonderful movie to see. It made me think of where the men have been in my life. Every man and woman should see this movie!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|My kids and I play these games together and we love them. thanks for the heads up about the updates.
B004SJ3AXI|4.0|I wish there was do many more levels but it is a very fun game. I need to defeat. a couple more pictures
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this ia amazing game app, it is very fun to play, when your bored in bed, though some levels are hard, i have a blast playing it...great game
6305428050|5.0|Very entertaining and fun movie for the whole family to watch although a few inappropiate words for young children. Arrived early!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I was never really a fan of angry birds til now. its so adicting and with all the levels I'm surprised this is free!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I enjoy the app, but, like a lot of free apps the gamebogs down because it wants you to use real cash to purchase &quot;extra points&quot; that you need to move through levels.  Otherwise it would rate a 5.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love the tame hahahahah han ia ia ha ha hay ah he hfu hru udh random words penury butter an
B005T87QCI|5.0|I really like this game because there is violence the does not involve humans so ireally like this hake that is violent
B005EHQGTS|2.0|Let me start by saying that I'm using a Samsung Tab 10,1.  When I gave the free version of Flashstop a 1-star rating because it changed both my 1680 x 1050 desktop display and 1680 x 900 laptop display to 800 x 600.  A response was immediately posted claiming that the resoution could be changed in the Splashtop settings.  As I saw no such option ino the free version and was in great need of remote functions, I invested in the one of the most expeensive apps in the market.  While the HD display looks great on my Tab it not only chchanged my desktop resolution to 1024 x 768 it caused the mouse arrow to become so totally unstable that I have to reboot.  This is a significant probem for me as I'm a product designer and can't afford the risk of loosing a design change because an instabiity made it impossible to save.  Unless the problem can be resolved I will be asking for a refund.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|a very good.game lol I lve it great car riding app very entertaing it has no bugs a very good game for.all ages. I hope my reviews help you guys and hope you get this app lol
B000F8O35U|5.0|I bought this for my brother's bday as well as Beauty & the Beast and Aladdin (3 favorites as kids) and he said it was in great condition, arrived in a timely manner, no issues.  GREAT movie; I heard a rumor they are re-releasing it in 3D before it goes to Blu-ray so I'm gonna have to make sure I keep on the look out for that one.  One of my favorite Disney movies!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Who could not love Angry Birds?!?!  very addicting! best game in the world! of course my little girl likes it also!
0425221806|1.0|i am very very disappointed this is NOT the whole book i want a refund ....they should tell you its an abridged version
B0054JZC6E|1.0|I tried multiple times to play games and each time it locks up after about 5 seconds of loading. Uninstall!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I will never ever be bored again thanks to this app, it is just too much fun.  good job guys looking forward to updates
6301976622|5.0|I purchased this for my neighbor.  I saw it when it first was made a long time ago.  My neighbor is reading the book for a religious book club and had never seen the film.  Amazon was about the only place that carried the film.
B00008RH1H|5.0|It's easy fun watching this as as a semi-silent movie, since it's story is told very strongly just through it's images alone & listening to the audio commentary of interesting background detail related to the film by a Kurosawa enthusiast.   Despite the heavy cinema & literary royalty of Kurosawa and Macbeth baggage combined, one can still ignore all that and just watch this as an oddball atmospheric & dark fantasy Samurai tale of fate from the 50s with iconic looking scenes & set pieces.  A cool package.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This app has all sorts of different games and you can choose which games you unlock next. I highly recommend it.
1451648537|4.0|This was a gift for someone and they enjoyed reading it very much. I plan to read the book soon and I'm sure to enjoy it also.
0525478817|5.0|I can't remember the last time a book actually made me cry. I was already a huge John Green fan (Nerdfighters, hoo-hah!), and this is inarguably his best work yet. Honest, insightful, hilarious and heartbreaking, The Fault in Our Stars is an absolutely beautiful piece of literature.  Don't Forget To Be Awesome.
B001UHOWXI|5.0|What more is there to say really? Buy it and enjoy it with your kids and their kids and their kids...
B005HSG3VK|5.0|Great tablet, our granddaughter was thrilled with this Christmas gift.  She practically hasn't put it down.  Easy order process, received earlier than expected, as usual totally satisfied w/ Amazon.
B000PKX2KA|5.0|i am using an old version of Delorme street atlas version 8 and windows xp.  i did not even read the instructions that came with the BU-353. With no problem i loaded the driver that came on the included DVD and initialized the antenna sitting inside my house.  it worked perfectly.  the first search took maybe thirty seconds but after that it came up after about 2 seconds. no way would the antenna that comes with street atlas or streets and trips have located position inside my house.  it also worked perfectly with Microsoft street and trips.  after i have had this antenna for several months i may revise by opinion. the price is also reasonable. i would like to have a copy of Delorme street atlas version 9 to try with it but have not be able to find a copy.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|plenty of fun mini games to keep you entertained.  no issues that I have come across. keeps the kids entertained for a long time.
0060555661|4.0|this book is a must have for stocks investors, ZWEIGS comments are more useful then the original text that is by now a bit \\"out of time\\"
B005OCFGTO|5.0|My daughter loves these movies. We are very happy with the collection. She's laid up with a leg injury and is delighted to be able to watch the series and all the bonus clips that come with it. Quick delivery
B005ZOBNOI|5.0|I cried. I laughed. I marveled at the beauty of this book. It is now filed in Favorite Favorites Collection in my Kindle. Read it; you won't be disappointed. in fact you will be awed.
0857680986|5.0|Excellent Reprint! Hardbound and quality that should last a life-time.<br />I've had the PDF version for a while... but the print quality of the actual book is much better...<br />It's like comparing a handy-cam version of a movie to the blu-ray...<br /><br />The book is also still one of the best figure drawing books out there.... Probably the best for teaching many basic ideas...<br /><br />That being said... I still prefer Glenn Vilppu's approach to drawing figure for the absolute beginner. Where I would say Loomis would be a great secondary supplement to those teachings...<br /><br />And of course there is Bridgeman and Hogarth....<br /><br />But Loomis definitely is one of the true MUST-OWN essentials for figure drawing...
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|THIS WAS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES IVE SEEN IN A LONG TIME.  I LOVED THE PART ABOUT THE STOOLS IN THE YARD.
0525478817|5.0|This was the first time in my life that I wanted to immediately start re-reading a book the moment I finished it. This is a story that you will feel deep down, haunting you long after you turn the last page. I'm not going to provide a synopsis of the book, others have already done that.  What I will recommend is to read slowly, read deeply, and allow yourself to be open to new thoughts and emotions.    This book is not a light, easy read.  However, it reminded me of why books are perhaps the most important inanimate objects on this planet - because they are not inanimate.  A good book, despite the cliche, does come alive in your hands and has the power to change you.    I encourage you to read The Fault in our Stars. It a beautiful piece of work. Well done, John Green.  Well done.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is a very good Bible app! And very easy to use! I would the app to anyone looking for one! I love how you can choose the different Bible versions!
0439023491|4.0|Catching Fire was a great second book in the trilogy, and leaves you anxious to read the third. Katniss and Peeta continue to be well developed, as well as returning and new characters. The ending is rather quick, making book three more of a continuation of two I am sure.
098357670X|5.0|I have just received my copy of \\"The Mad Art of Caricature\\" by Tom Richmond, one of the most highly respected and successful illustrators working today. I have been eagerly awaiting its arrival and am not disappointed. What a superb tutor for those of us interested in improving our own caricature skills!  Packed with tips - all backed up by Tom's own superb full-colour examples - the \\"lessons\\" are simple to follow and cover caricature theory, head shapes, drawing facial features, through to the more complicated skills of drawing \\"live\\", and caricature illustration.  If you are an artist interested in caricature, this is a book that should take pride of place on your bookshelf. It will immediately inspire you to pick up a pencil and draw.
B0000042H4|5.0|I have heard other recordings of this cycle (or portions thereof), dating from the 1920,s to the present.  I have also seen the complete cycle twice - in Seattle and New York.  It is a monumental work.  In 1961, Das Rheingold of this recording, was my introduction to Wagner and I was overwhelmed by its power.  These remastered CD's are like a new revelation of The Ring.  This is now, definitely, the greatest recorded version.  It is the choice for anyone who truly loves Wagner  The aging Kirstin Flagstad is the only down side and she is not bad, she just isn't what she used to be.  I highly recommend this boxed set.
B000PC6A3E|5.0|What can I say it's Batman! What could be better? Blu-Ray Batman! Looks great on hdtv and blows you away with surround sound.
B005K17RU0|4.0|it does what it says it will do: it tells the weather. it seems fairly correct. it doesnt freeze up or anything like that
B002XG1OUE|5.0|Awesome 2 disc set with bonus Enterprise ship holds the disks in it great for die hard trekkie fan.Bought one for myself~
B0054JZC6E|4.0|When I saw this app featured, I couldn't believe what I was seeing. It claimed to have 100 games--a milestone only reached by a certain developer back in the era of the NES. And, unlike the &gt;$100 price tag of that game, this app claimed to be completely free. Hardly believing my eyes, I gave this a download. And then I played. For hours, I stabbed sushi with chopsticks, prevented birds from pooping on a statue, and yes, even saved the world. I am simply enthralled by the audacity of this app, and by the fact that it really does deliver what it promises: a massive quantity of games. To everyone who might claim that the games are cheap, boring, riddled with horrid ads, and not worth the space on your solid-state memory chip, I say to you: &quot;It's 100 games. 100!&quot;<br /><br />This app gets four stars because it doesn't have Cheetahmen.
B0039YZPZ4|2.0|no real mystery, just nonesence and drama and jokes. I was dissapointed. I have read many good mystery novels and could have named plenty story lines more worthwhile.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I love being able to access the Bible anywhere.  I like having different translations to chose from.  Thanks for making reading the noblewomen simple.
B000UJ48SQ|5.0|A Kubrick masterpiece, this was by far O'Neal's best acting ever, and the cinematography makes every frame like an 18th Century painting!!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|this is a very good Bible and there are many versions to pick from.I am glad they put this on the KIndle fire .The time that you want to read can be setup to remaind you.there is a highlighter and you have a notebook also. thanks tommy
B0054JZC6E|5.0|nice game u shod download I mean ogg vgcc vvh ggg Cfc ccgvf hvhg s. ged d sscuevgd.  vusbscb vhsgxufsygx gvddvvc gexgscjsus ggshgfsbd
0525478817|5.0|Reading this book will possibly be one of the most masochistic things that you will ever do. This is because it is going to cause you real, visceral pain. You are going to cry. I say this as someone who never, ever cries at books, and yet this book brought me to tears. I don't know if I will ever be able to reread this, because it affected me so deeply the first time around that I don't know if I could handle another time. I think the closer you are to the issues in the book, the more it it is going to make you feel. This might be the only place that I would say to exercise caution, because this is not a book where all the problems and sadness are neatly wrapped up by the end. It ends on an incredibly satisfying note, but it is not a happy ending, and so if your life has been closely impacted by cancer at some point then this book might be a little too close to the issue, if this book had come out a couple of years ago I think I might not have been able to read it.<br /><br />It's not all sadness, though. It also made me laugh out loud, and I got so incredibly invested in the characters that their futures were, for a brief time, intertwined with my own. I cared about what happened to them, on a level that most books can only hope to achieve. The prose is beautiful and incredibly intelligent, like John's other books you feel like you're learning something every time you turn the page. The characters are so witty and wonderful that I wish they really existed in my life.<br /><br />I was a little bit wary going in, because of all the hype and the way the Nerdfighter community tends to place John's books on such a high pestle that it's amazing he can continuously top the previous ones. This one lives up to everything, though. I think it's his best one yet, because at the heart of everything it made me feel something, and that quality is one that not many other books have been able to attain. I feel emotionally tired after reading it, and it almost seems like it made me a better person on some level.<br /><br />This book is going to change you. It's breathtaking and heartbreaking and desperately witty, all at the same time, and you should definitely read it. You'll come out of it a different person than when you started it.a better person on some level.<br /><br />This book is going to change you. It's breathtaking and heartbreaking and desperately witty, all at the same time, and you should definitely read it. You'll come out of it a different person than when you started it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is free and it has a large variety of games! I like how u need to unlock different games. it gives it a challenge and a goal.
B005ZOBNOI|5.0|John Green's latest book is absolutely fantastic. Having suffered through more mild medical trials myself, and watched family members and other loved ones suffer through some equaling those described in the book (and we all have), I found the characters and their family members highly understandable.
B0059XTUVI|2.0|Apparently based on Mrs. Thatcher's autobiography, the screenplay to this movie suffered from a paucity of relevant and interesting human content. Surely there is an interesting story yet to be told (by a better set of screenwriters) about a commoner who ascended the British class ladder to take on Parliament's exclusive \\"old boys club,\\" and in the process attained the vaunted position of British Prime Minister. But the moviegoer will find no such story in this mishmash of a movie. For, despite Meryl Streep's above average performance, what the moviegoer will see is bits and pieces of a self-important personality strung together by a script moving back and forth across time willy-nilly seemingly without much rhyme or reason. I have no doubt that anyone shuffling the events of Margaret Thatcher's life randomly could have come up with a better more coherent screenplay than the one seen here.<br /><br />What we get here instead of a robust coherent biographical story is a loose cinematic collage of a thinly drawn cardboard cutout of a personality devoid of a personal life, one that should have been interesting but in the end was anything but. Like Mr. Obama in the U.S. Mrs. Thatcher may have been a trail-blazing British first, but that alone does not guarantee that her life and times will make for an interesting historical or cinematic story.<br /><br />What we have here at most is an interesting outline full of randomly placed historical events, loosely attached to a professional life that is devoid of any meaningful non-public human content.<br /><br />My wife and I debated why this might have been the case? Maybe the screenwriters adhered too closely to a bland autobiography? Or, maybe their deadlines for completing the script were just too tight and what fell out was this monstrosity of a movie? Who knows? Two Stars
B00656C6KK|4.0|I bought this CD for my father who is 75 and he was very happy when he opened it; as he always loved Doris Day.  While he enjoyed listening to the CD he was a bit disappointed that the songs were old tracks never released instead of new songs.  I guess he was hoping Doris still had the chops to release new songs at her age.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Games are mini games that you can quickly conquer...some harder and frustrating to complete.  had my husband helping with the harder games that required a bit more skill.  only issue I had was trying to get enough money to unlock nrect game on higher levels where they cost more.  hours and hours of fun and fast paced games..
B005SV9X22|5.0|The best dvd i have ever seen........ Lady Gaga would have to be the best live performer around, i would reccommend anyone getting this dvd
B002BI6SMI|2.0|I had very high hopes going into Taken, mainly because I think Liam Neeson is an amazing actor and has a reputation of participating in good movies (until recently - [[ASIN:B002ZG977Y Clash of the Titans]] and possibly [[ASIN:B002ZG994U The A-Team]]). The first half-hour of the film was very engaging and the scene of the daughter's capture was intense. It stayed fairly intense for the rest of the movie, but my interest slowly declined from there, mainly because of the character progression of Neeson. Again, I will do my best not to spoil the movie for those who still have not seen it. In the beginning, Neeson is a very likable lead character. He portrays a credible father through the entire movie, there is no question about that. The problem arises when Neeson's daughter is taken and he assumes his role as ex-spy. Neeson throws away the good-natured, fatherly persona and becomes a violent James Bond-like figure, killing anyone and everyone that he sees. He almost becomes the bad guy in the film, lacking the qualities that set him apart from his enemies; basically becoming a mindless killing machine, especially by the end of the film. You still get the feeling that he'd do anything to get his daughter back, but you begin to wonder at what price. It's a pretty vengeful movie.<br /><br />**Spoiler Alert**<br />The movie ends pretty quickly. Neeson finds where his daughter is, bursts in, guns blazing, and kills everyone in a matter of minutes. The thing that bothered me the most about this film is after Neeson gets his daughter back. They return to America and suddenly everything is back to normal and its like the whole thing never happened. Everyone's happy and wonderful and untraumatized. Sure, the daughter has a better relationship with her father, but other than that, nothing has changed from the beginning of the movie. I hated that! Annoyed the heck out of me. It's like they could have cut out everything in-between and you still would have had the same ending. Grrr.. never do that; completely takes away anything to be gained from the film.<br /><br />As far as questionable content:<br />**Spoiler Alert** - The daughter is part of a large group of women that are being sold as sex slaves to foreign men, so you can imagine what the women are all wearing, or almost not wearing, during the bidding scene. There are a couple other scenes that deal with this content that are a bit risky.<br />**Non-Spoiler Alert** - The movie is a fairly violent film. Lots of shooting and hand-to-hand-to-knife combat stuff going on. So, be ready to see violence.<br />There is some profanity, but no \\"F\\"-bomb. Because of the nature of the theft of the daughter, there are sexual references.<br /><br />[...]that; completely takes away anything to be gained from the film.    As far as questionable content:  **Spoiler Alert** - The daughter is part of a large group of women that are being sold as sex slaves to foreign men, so you can imagine what the women are all wearing, or almost not wearing, during the bidding scene. There are a couple other scenes that deal with this content that are a bit risky.  **Non-Spoiler Alert** - The movie is a fairly violent film. Lots of shooting and hand-to-hand-to-knife combat stuff going on. So, be ready to see violence.  There is some profanity, but no \\"F\\"-bomb. Because of the nature of the theft of the daughter, there are sexual references.    [...]
B0054JZC6E|2.0|This is would be a great multi-game app if the controls worked! They're very slow to respond & are inaccurate.  I'm using the Kindle Fire.
B002ZG99CC|5.0|To cut straight to the point, I really liked this film. I felt it paid nice homage to the original [[ASIN:B0008JIJ2E The Karate Kid]] without attempting to replace it. Jaden Smith is becoming a very strong actor; and who can't love good, ol' Jackie Chan?<br />Karate Kid is the story of Dre (Jaden Smith), a Detroit-bred 12 year-old, who moves to China and attempts to overcome his fear of being different by challenging some local karate bullies in a renowned karate tournament.<br />The story went a long way farther in character development and motive than did the original 1984 classic. Instead of a white kid moving into the wrong part of another white-dominated town, a young black family moves to China. If there is anything that could be called a culture clash, that is it. Not only does Dre look different, but he acts different, he talks different, and to make things more complicated, he doesn't try to fit in. The film has a perfect setup for the progression of the rest of the film.<br />While no one can replace Pat Morita as Mr. Miyagi, Jackie Chan does a excellent job in filling his shoes as Mr. Han. If anyone is known as a karate master in our culture, it's Jackie Chan. And I think the aging Chan did very well at playing his part as an old, embittered man that is conflicted in helping young Dre while attempting to be distant.<br />The karate moves in this film are levels above those seen in the original and it's a lot more exciting to watch. While I hoped to see the legendary movie moments reappear in this film (catching a fly with chopsticks, \\"wax on\\" and \\"wax off\\", final crane kick) I was glad when they never showed. That allows the two films to be just as different and memorable in their own ways and both remain enjoyable to watch. The film tends to be a little longer than expected, but it still keeps you involved and interested throughout.<br />This was a fantastic film and it was very well done and very entertaining.<br /><br />[...]
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This is by far the best Remote Desktop app that I have tried.  Unlike most VNC apps, audio plays perfectly without any lag.  It works perfectly with my iMac (10.7.2 Lion). It even works seamlessly with the Windows 7 and openSUSE 12.1 virtual machines on the iMac.  Well done!  The Kindle Fire and Android have broken my Apple addiction.
B003UESJF6|4.0|This was an unexpected and delightful treat. I am not a big Will Ferrell fan and the previews of the film reminded me too much of [[ASIN:B001GCUO7A Monsters vs. Aliens]], a film which I despised greatly. So I wasn't thrilled at the idea of seeing this film. But I did, and I liked it.<br />The story is about a supervillain, Megamind, and his attempts to outwit heroes and take over Metro City. But what happens if he were to actually win?<br />The previews for the film were deceiving in the sense that you thought you knew what the story was going to be about and you thought it was just another predictable superhero film. Not so. The storyline showcased in the previews took place for the first ten minutes of the film and then everything moved on. The rest of the film was full of twists and turns and you won't know what to expect next. The storyline was fun and unique, the characters were engaging, and the development of story and characters was believable.<br />On the other hand, the comic wit of the film was not fully there for me. There were some very funny moments and gags, but also some very lacking comedy as well. But... not enough to take away much from the film.<br />So, overall, a fun movie that had lots of surprises and made for an enjoyable experience. I would say that it wasn't as good as [[ASIN:B002ZG9904 Shrek Forever After]] or [[ASIN:B002ZG97YM How to Train Your Dragon]], but I will say that it is better than [[ASIN:B0042U94UQ Despicable Me]] and [[ASIN:B002ZG99KO The Sorcerer's Apprentice]]. For more on those films, please see my past reviews.
B004JK61K0|5.0|cant be beat for the price.  loads easily and hasn't crashed yet on any of my devices.  kindle fire and on a htc thunderbolt.
B003U0AHBO|3.0|This was an interesting spin on the Robin Hood tale, and, as I'm told, is supposed to be a more historically accurate version as well. I don't know much about the true history of the legendary Robin Hood, but do not go in expecting a prequel to [[ASIN:B001993Y3G Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves]]. While this film is a prequel to the more popular story of Robin Hood, it does take a very different turn than did other Robin Hood films. That's what made this film so interesting to watch; to see all the characters you know so well placed in a completely different role than seen before. That was a very enjoyable part of the movie. Aside from that, the film was a bit lacking. I admit that this was not up to the usual par of Ridley Scott, and I was expecting better from him.<br />The actors, especially Russel Crowe and Cate Blanchett, perform very well in this film and definitely carry the movie through some of it's blandness and clich&eacute;s. While the two main characters and Blanchett's father go through a great deal of character development, the other characters just wander around the movie doing as they are told. You really hope to see character development with Little John, Will Scarlet, Allan A'Dayle and Friar Tuck, but are dissappointed by the lack thereof.<br />The enemies of the film are threatening enough and convincing in their evil roles, but I admit that I certainly enjoy the embittered Alan Rickman and comical Peter Ustinov versions of Little John better than the winy, spoiled Prince John that we are presented with in this film (It's probably obvious, but I really, really like Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves and it's hard for other Robin Hoods attempts to top it).<br /><br />**Spoiler Alert**<br />I also have to admit that the final arrow shot that killed Godfrey in the end was way too ridiculous to be believable. The fact that Robin was able to shoot Godfrey through the neck from a very far distance while the villain was riding away on a horse amongst great coastal winds and with a soaked bow and arrow is just too much. I would have even been okay with it if he just got him through the heart via the back; but that triumphant shot was just far too over-the-top for me to accept. There were just too many factors that would make that an impossible shot.<br />**End Spoiler Alert**<br /><br />Overall, the film is worth seeing at least once, but not purchase-worthy in my book.<br /><br />As far as questionable content:<br />There is a quick flash of a soldier and servant girl having sex amidst the battlegrounds towards the beginning. There is also a very awkward sex scene with Prince John and his French fling towards the beginning in which you see a flash of female nipple as well as an eyeful of Prince John's buttocks. Aside from that, some scenes of violence.<br /><br />[...]d bow and arrow is just too much. I would have even been okay with it if he just got him through the heart via the back; but that triumphant shot was just far too over-the-top for me to accept. There were just too many factors that would make that an impossible shot.  **End Spoiler Alert**    Overall, the film is worth seeing at least once, but not purchase-worthy in my book.    As far as questionable content:  There is a quick flash of a soldier and servant girl having sex amidst the battlegrounds towards the beginning. There is also a very awkward sex scene with Prince John and his French fling towards the beginning in which you see a flash of female nipple as well as an eyeful of Prince John's buttocks. Aside from that, some scenes of violence.    [...]
B005K17RU0|5.0|Great app, love the fact that it is always updated and that it has the hour by hour weather forecast. Pictures are great too!
B004SBQAN8|3.0|I went into this movie knowing absolutely nothing about it. I had heard that it was about  aliens, but I really didn't understand at that point. I wasn't necessarily excited about the film, but I still walked away without being disappointed.<br />I Am Number Four is based on a teen novel about a high school student trying to hide the fact that he is an alien from humans and the monsters that are hunting him.<br />While I won't say that I loved this movie, it wasn't a bad film, even though there were times that it seemed too Twilight-esque for me. The acting in the film was a bit rough at times and some better performances would have done a lot for this film. The special effects in the film were well done and the action scenes were pretty cool to watch (Michael Bay produced the film and you can sense a lot of his influence in some of the action moments). The story was interesting and kept viewers involved enough to last the film.<br />Let me expound a little more on that last statement. The pacing of the movie didn't flow well. The first 3/4 of the film was pretty slow-moving mainly because they kept building the intensity of the pace and then breaking it by throwing in some rough and drawn-out get-to-know-the-characters scenes. Not well played. But once the movie finally got going and stayed moving, the film became more engaging and fun. It just took too long to get there. The last 1/4 of the movie is non-stop action and CGI. Pretty cool stuff, really.<br /><br />**Spoiler Alert**<br />One scene that irked me the wrong way was after John first engages the Mogadorians and then runs to save Sarah. Despite the danger they are both in, John and Sarah still find time to go down to the school and develop a whole roll of photographs in a darkroom? Seriously? No, they would have died while still waiting for the first picture to develop.<br />And the monster slipping on the bar of soap...well...<br />**End Spoiler Alert**<br /><br />Overall, the film was a fun teen action flick and worth the time.<br /><br />As far as questionable content:<br />The film bounces back and forth between kid-friendly and adult quite a bit. There are some pretty violent and scary moments in the film and it certainly earns it's PG-13 rating.<br /><br />[...]estionable content:  The film bounces back and forth between kid-friendly and adult quite a bit. There are some pretty violent and scary moments in the film and it certainly earns it's PG-13 rating.    [...]
0439023513|5.0|After finishing this book a mere half hour ago, I already know it will dwell in the back of my mind for the next week. This is one of those books, series really, that stays with you longer after it is over. Leaving you feeling empty, and sad.   Although I had my own reservations up till the very end of Mockingjay, I have to admit this is a literary work of such depth and humanity it floors me. I hardly ever watch TV anymore, because it is so shallow and pointless, and movies to me are even worse. I need to be reading a book. Getting all the details, forming a clear picture of my own, and most importantly, getting into the minds of the characters. Personally, in written work, the people involved are what I want every time. I want to read about the characters, how they interact with each other, how they develop, learn and grow.   And this is exactly what Collins does with remarkable talent. By the end of this book, Katniss Everdeen is no longer the brave girl who took care of her family, she is the broken woman left without one. The games are now no longer held in a controlled environment, but are shown for what they really are; a reflection of humanity itself and what terrible things people can do to each other, under the guise of war.   I know that The Hunger Games did not possess the happy ending everyone was expecting after the first two books. Maybe some would have been content to let Katniss run off into the woods with Gale, while Peeta finds the girl of his dreams and Haymitch sobers up. But that's not the way things work sometimes. Consequences have actions, and even the strongest among us cannot remain invincible forever.
B001UV4XI8|3.0|I have always enjoyed the Harry Potter films and my liking of them has increased with each new film that is released. And before I go any further, I should note that I did not read any of the books (except for the first one) before seeing the films. I am much more of a movie fan (obviously) and my philosophy is that if you want to be able to enjoy both the movies and the books, see the movie first.<br />Now, back to Harry Potter. This film marks the beginning of the end as Harry, Hermione and Ron travel the world looking for horcruxes (evil artifacts containing pieces of Voldemort's soul) and the means to destroy them.<br />This is my least favorite film in the franchise. It was dark, it was depressing, and it raised more questions than answers. Now, I know that this is supposed to be a two-parter and since the story is only half finished, there will always be lots of questions. But overall, there was very little here to enjoy. Every movie usually has a stunning climax and some really cool magical moments in the film, and this one lacked both. The climax was weak and there wasn't really anything new to see in this film. Nothing that we haven't really seen before. And if we've seen it all before...<br />I'm sure most of my opinions will change (hopefully) with the viewing of the second part, but until then, I'm not a big fan of this film. Aside from that, the special effects were impressive, the acting was well played, and the story moved smoothly.<br /><br />As far as questionable content:<br />The film is dark and there are some scary and violent moments throughout. This is not recommended for younger children.<br />*Spoiler Alert*<br />According to the book, In the moment where Ron faces off against the demon within the horcrux, he is given a vision of Harry and Hermione in love and there is a moment where they kiss. In the film, the \\"kiss\\" became more of a sex scene with Harry and Hermione making out while completely nude. You never see any private parts, but it is a very risky scene. I hated this moment of the film. The naked make-out session was inappropriate, random, and just plain weird. So, just a heads up.<br />*End Spoiler Alert*<br />[...]his moment of the film. The naked make-out session was inappropriate, random, and just plain weird. So, just a heads up.  *End Spoiler Alert*  [...]
0984380213|5.0|This is a fantastic read for anyone who wants to grow their career in B2B sales and marketing.  Aaron Ross does a great job of capturing practices that work and practices that don't in the real world.  Old school CEOs and Sales VPs take note: the engines of sales growth for the new economy are inside sales prospecting hunters.  The game has changed.  People who segment sales roles will reap nice benefits.  Those who invest in their inside salespeople will reap huge benefits.  Aaron writes:  The Sales Development role is often treated within a sales organization as a low-level job.  If you treat it that way, you'll get low-level results.  It's a challenging and often thankless role.  Treat the team as, and expect them to be, experts.  Don't skimp on training, equipping or developing them.  Set high expectations of their ongoing skills development.  Steve Richard  Co-Founder, Vorsight    #1689 on 2011 Inc. 5000 fast growing US companies
B002ZG99QS|3.0|If you liked the original Tron film, then I have no doubt you'll love this film. The film has the same feel and overall-same basic plot progression. The special effects are mostly (I'll discuss why \\"mostly\\" later) incredible and the visual direction of the film is very stunning. They did an excellent job of updating everything from the first film into a stylized futuristic environment that blows us away visually.<br />Tron: Legacy is about Sam Flynn, Kevin Flynn's son, as he searches the computer world for his father who mysteriously disappeared 20 years earlier.<br />This is a fun film to watch and is just really stunning visually. The special effects are all awesome minus one thing - a computer-enhanced younger Jeff Bridges. For the first half of the movie, you may not even realize that he is computer-enhanced. But the character seems to become more and more unrealistic and fake looking as the movie continues. By the end, it is way too obvious that the young Bridges is CG-affected. It is especially noticeable when he talks. It reminds me of The Mummy Returns when you first see the Scorpion King monster near the end of the film - there's all this build up and then you see the monster and you think, \\"He looks like a plastic Ken doll placed on a prehistoric dino-toy body.\\" Disappointing.<br />There were also a lot of loopholes and unanswered questions brought up by the film:<br /><br />*Spoiler Alert*<br />What was the point of the two spheres CLU was using during the disc battle. It seemed that he was using them to control TRON, but they never showed up again. Why?<br />Why did TRON suddenly turn good in the end? What happened that caused this sudden loyalty change?<br />What happens to a program when they enter the human world? Does their body become human? How can a program exist in this world without being human?<br />*End Spoiler Alert*<br /><br />And other questions. Overall, the film was a fun watch and a great update of the original Tron film. Worth seeing at least once.<br /><br />[...]
B0054JZC6E|5.0|functions well. and a great point system. I know I can go to this whenever I am bored. thumbs up.
B003Q6D2B4|3.0|I'll just start by saying that this was a fun movie to watch. Better than expected. I saw the previews and thought that it had potential, but I was weary because the reviews were so scattered in their opinions of it. I was still hopeful though, mainly because it had Bruce Willis (always good for a fun show), Morgan Freeman (awesome actor), Helen Mirren (excellent actress in cool roles), and Karl Urban (rising in stardom). Sorry, John Malkovich wasn't in that list because I was never really fond of him, but he did add a lot of comedy to this film. He did a great job in this role.<br />The story is about a group of retired CIA operatives who are suddenly thrown back into the action when they are strangely placed on the RED (retired, extremely dangerous) list and become targets for the police force.<br />Now, don't expect a lot of content when you watch the film. It is, above all else, an action film. It's kinda like [[ASIN:B000P0J0BK Ocean's Eleven]] meets [[ASIN:B000VNMMR0 Live Free or Die Hard]]. It's got lots of guns, explosions, and ridiculous action. And lots of comedy. Lots and lots of comedy. But it is a man movie, so just enjoy the ride and don't think too hard.<br />I have to admit, I think my favorite part of the film was Mary-Louise Parker. She plays Willis' love interest in the film and she is hilarious. I think she really holds this movie together, aside from the action of course. Oh, and Helen Mirren blowing people away with a gun is pretty-dang funny too.<br />So, an enjoyable film with lots of comic surprises if you're in the mood for a good comedy-action flick.<br /><br />As far as questionable content:<br />Violence. More violence. Lots of violence. (It is an action film after all.) Some extreme cases of violence include a guy getting blown apart by a grenade - not gore, but borderline. There is some profanity as well. A few cases of the \\"s-h-\\" word and one strong use of the \\"f-\\" word.<br /><br />[...]
B006GG1KOC|5.0|Encourages thinking for kids, but adults can enjoy this too. See how fast you can get through the whole game.
B0040Z9H5K|4.0|Overall, I think I liked this film as much as the first film. I went into the film with lower expectations since most of the people I talked to said it was either as-good or not-as-good as part one, and was able to walk out of it feeling satisfied with the overall film. The humor was good, the action was fun, the graphics were impressive, and the acting was up to par.<br />The movie follows Tony Stark/Iron Man as he deals with politics, media, and personal dangers incurred by the public disclosure of his secret identity and also faces a new enemy: the deadly son of a deceased Russian engineer that helped create some of the Stark enterprise.<br />But concerning the actors, I was always disagreeable to the change of actors with Colonel Rhodes' character from Terrence Howard to Don Cheadle. It's not that I don't like Cheadle or think that he did a bad job, it's just that Howard fit into the character (and the suit) a lot better than did Cheadle. Cheadle's character seemed lost the entire film and too easily persuaded by both sides of conflict. He bounced back and forth to Stark's side and then back to the military side and then back to Stark and never really seemed to find his place. Even in the end he seemed conflicted on what ground he stood on.<br />I also felt that Scarlett Johansson's character was overly-hyped by the previews and media and that her character was pretty unnecessary to the film. They really did not need her. Her job was to keep an eye on Tony Stark, but she was hardly around anyways and didn't seem to be as important as they tried to make her in the film.<br />They also spent a lot of time in the movie building up a back-story for the new Avengers film. With all this prep and fine tuning for the Avengers via several other movies ([[ASIN:B001C08RHA Iron Man]], [[ASIN:B001DHXT1G Incredible Hulk]], [[ASIN:B0034G4P8A Thor]] and [[ASIN:B005IZLPKQ Captain America]]), the film better blow the audience away or it's going to be a very, very, VERY big let down for the viewers.<br />Other than that, I really enjoyed the film and felt that it deserved more applause than it was given. This is a very note-worthy sequel in my opinion.<br /><br />[...]rs.  Other than that, I really enjoyed the film and felt that it deserved more applause than it was given. This is a very note-worthy sequel in my opinion.    [...]
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I played the dart game and the car game and I really liked them and I'm looking forward to.playing the others.
B001OQCV6K|5.0|Overall, I really liked this movie. As with most movies, there are some things that irked me a bit at first, but nothing that would make me dislike it as a whole. One thing that I especially liked was how this film was different from it's previews and reviews. The previews made it look like an action film and that idea was echoed by the various reviews it received. Many reviews said that this film was nothing like the books. Having read the books, I felt that this was a very good picture of the Sherlock Holmes books; it was not based on a particular book, but it was very similar to their style.<br />I also thought that Robert Downey Jr. did very well portraying Holmes and that Jude Law made for a good Watson. I was getting tired of seeing versions of the Sherlock Holmes books where Watson was portrayed as a fat and dense sidekick, which was nothing like the books.<br />Overall, this was a very enjoyable film that is both fun and intriguing. The action is not overdone, the story keeps you interested, and the characters are believable.<br /><br />As far as questionable content:<br />The movie stars Rachel McAdams. It seems to be a requirement to have her at least half-naked in one scene in every film she's in. The scene is brief riskiness.<br />The film also contains some dark scenes involving black magic that might be a bit much for some.<br /><br />[...]
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This is a great cover, doesn't increase the size of the Fire, yet protects it from most damage.  I like the folding cover as it gives me something else to hang on to when reading so my hands don't get tired.  The elastic band is nice and heavy and makes a good place to clip my stylus.
B002VPE1AW|3.0|I had to see this movie twice because the first time I saw it, I didn't like it. I know I'll probably be flogged for saying that because everyone loves Avatar and I'm a heathen because I didn't fall in love with it the first time I saw, bla bla bla, yada, yada, yada. Anyways, to be completely honest, I like it, but don't find it absolutely amazing. The graphics are incredible, I agree on that. But the story was just not that captivating to me. While watching the movie, my mind kept floating back to [[ASIN:B000A9QK78 FernGully]] and how Avatar was basically a live-action version of it, with a little [[ASIN:B0007KTBIU Pocahontas]] tossed in there. The story just wasn't original enough to match the graphics and make this a truly great film. The acting was good, but still only second to graphics. This film was basically devoted to CGI and everything else took a backseat to it. Still an enjoyable film, but not a great film.<br /><br />**Spoiler Alert**<br />I also felt that bad guy Colonel Quaritch lasted way too long. Yes, all the things he did were meant to give you the feeling that this guy was invincible and a quality enemy, but he should have died long before he did. Getting to his death dragged on for a little too long for me. Plus, that guy basically never breathed in this movie. Every time you see him, he's holding his breath while trying to kill something... and he can hold his breath for a really, really long time - and never turned purple (or even red) once! HISHE killed him off right:<br /><br />[....]<br /><br />Also, that avatar almost-sex scene was bit awkward. And that's all I have to say about that.<br /><br />[....]
B004MC8CA2|5.0|It really helped me grow deeper in my faith. It was so easily accessible. The groups, events, and accountability buddy features are genius.
B000WZAE1I|5.0|For me, Stardust was a wonderfully pleasant surprise. It was full of adventure, comedy, wonderful characters, and an engaging storyline.<br />Stardust is a film about a young man named Tristan who crosses into a magical world in hopes of finding a fallen star and bringing it back to his female crush in order to win her love. He quickly has to adjust his plans when he discovers that the fallen star is not in fact a piece of rock, but a living celestial beauty named Yvaine.<br />First and foremost, Stardust is, as the book author noted, a fairytale for adults. While the film can overall be seen as kid friendly, there are some sensual jokes and violence in the film that may be too adult for young'ns.<br />I found this film to be quite original in it's story and a joy to watch unravel. The several paralleling storylines are engaging and hilarious and the actors do an excellent job, especially Robert De Niro and Michelle Pfeiffer. It's just a fun movie.<br /><br />**Spoiler Alert**<br />I have to admit that one of my favorite scenes in the film is the swordfight between Tristan and the dead Septimus. They way they had the undead Septimus move throughout the fight was bewitching and it's something that I've never seen in any other film before. Not even Jackie Chan's drunken master moves can compare with the oddity and fun of that battle scene. Well done!<br />**End Spoiler Alert**<br /><br />If you are in the mood for a fun adventure with lots of surprising and action, Stardust is a good film to turn to.<br /><br />[...]
B005K17RU0|5.0|love this app.  use it every day.  like the 15 day forecast. radar. windspeed. all of it.  no problems. worked immediately.
B000I8G5NA|2.0|While not the worst sequel out there, this one did not stand up to the par of the first [[ASIN:B00177YA1K Men in Black]] film. We'll have to see if they step it up for the third MIB movie. This film was enjoyable to a point, but it didn't have all the fun and wit of the first one. This film lacked the humor and innovation of part one, and the character development style was just plain goofy. Smith's character acted like a high-schooler attempting to be too cool and came off more as annoying. In the first film, his attitude was funny, in this one it was childish. Bringing back Jones' character was a smart move and made the film more agreeable, but he didn't have the powerful presence he had before (but seeing him in a postman outfit was pretty funny). Serleena, the Victoria's-Secret-model enemy, was non-threatening, no matter how invincible they attempted to make her (she died at least 3 times). Scrad/Charlie, the idiotic evil henchman, was the Jar-Jar Binks of this film: unhelpful and annoying; the movie would have been much better without him.<br />The film did have it's moments (Michael Jackson's cameo was spot-on), and the new theme song wasn't too bad, but they just weren't enough to make this the good flick that it could have been.<br /><br />[...]
B005HSL626|5.0|This game is so  addicting. I absolutely love!! its fun to try to beat your friends scores. Works great on my kindel fire too!!
B002ZG981E|5.0|To begin, I have been waiting for this film since Christopher Nolan announced it. All films I have seen from him are amazing and I usually have high expectations for him. After [[ASIN:B001GZ6QEC The Dark Knight]], I expected a great deal from this film. The previews only helped to flame the fire. It is also a common thing for me that when people talk about how wonderful a film is, I walk into the theaters overly-hyped and usually walk out disappointed. Case-in-point: [[ASIN:B002VPE1AW Avatar]]. I was beginning to get over-hyped with this film since people couldn't stop talking about it and everyone loved it.<br />Now, isn't it wonderful when you can get over-hyped and walk into a movie with sky-rocketing expectations and still come out completely satisfied?<br />Yes, it's wonderful! And yes, that happened with this movie!<br />The movie follows a team of mind-navigators that specialize in stealing secrets. They find that they may be well in over their heads when they accept the job of performing an inception,  a task where they must plant an idea so deep in someone's mind that the person must believe that it is their own idea.<br />This movie was amazing! The story was original and thought-provoking, the graphics were incredible, the acting was very good, the music was awesome, and the ending was perfect! I know a lot of people were upset with the ending, but I loved it! The end! This movie was awesome! My favorite movie of all time, and that is a hard bar to reach! Thank the heavens we have Christopher Nolan around to create astounding movies and never leave us disappointed! And just a hint for Hollywood, he didn't have to do it with all the sex and the cussing and the gore that you think is oh-so-necessary!<br /><br />Okay, this is the end for reals.<br /><br />But the movie was awesome. Okay I'm done.<br /><br />It rocks. Last thing I'm gonna say.<br /><br />Awesome.<br /><br />[...]
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use this on my kindle fire, my android phone, and my computer and I don't know how its possible this program existed for so long without me realizing it. the backup and syncing between my devices is phenomenal. I can go anywhere without worrying that my work will be lost. I only wish it had a more comprehensive spellcheck but I realize its limited by size.
B00275EHJG|4.0|I think that this movie went a long way in proving the ability of Pixar to make outstanding films and never cease to amaze their audience. This film had a lot of people worried and had a pretty big wall of expectation to overcome. I know that I personally was groaning at the idea of ANOTHER Toy Story film. I liked the [[ASIN:B0030IIZ4M first film]] and the [[ASIN:B0030IIYYS second film]] did a good job of topping the first one. But I felt like I had been to the world of toys enough after the second one and was not impressed with the idea of a third part in the franchise. The first few previews for the film did not help convince me either. It was not until it came out and started getting excellent reviews that I began to think differently. I have always liked Pixar, but as Pixar is teamed with Disney now, Disney has a horrible track record with sequels. I think the success of this film really rested upon the direction they took with it story-wise.<br />In this third installment, Andy is packing up for college and most of the toys assume that Andy doesn't want them anymore and donate themselves to Sunnyside Day Care. Upon arriving at Sunnyside, they realize that everything is not as sunny and bright as they first thought.<br />I think this film answered a lot of questions brought up by the first two films and really takes a deeper look into the emotions of the toys when they feel that the one they loved so much no longer loved them. This idea leads to some very strong character development for not only the toys, but Andy as well. While the film remains humorous and fun throughout, it definitely has a more serious and emotional side to it than did the previous films.<br />Pixar has always risen above the odds and I hope to see this tradition continue, especially since the next film they're releasing is [[ASIN:B001HN6922 Cars 2]]. That will have a lot of hurdles to overcome. I felt that this was a very well-done film and really took us to new heights and new lows with the toys we have grown to love since 1995. The film was handled very carefully by Pixar and they made sure to make it a new and exciting experience for us without making it a different world all together. I also think that Pixar ended this film and this franchise perfectly with all the pieces placed exactly where they should be.<br />A big shout-out for Pixar in this film and their ability to surprise and delight us over and over and over again.<br /><br />[...]ave grown to love since 1995. The film was handled very carefully by Pixar and they made sure to make it a new and exciting experience for us without making it a different world all together. I also think that Pixar ended this film and this franchise perfectly with all the pieces placed exactly where they should be.  A big shout-out for Pixar in this film and their ability to surprise and delight us over and over and over again.    [...]
B00650SSWG|5.0|Really enjoyed  the show. I was surpirized that Justin Timberlake could act. I liked it as much as No Strings Attached.
B003UYUQZW|2.0|If you're in the mood for non-stop action and adventure and little in the way of character development and plot, then this is your movie.<br />Now, giving credit where it's due, they did try to make a sensible and well-developed film. The characters had interesting stories and the actors did well, but it just didn't come together in the end.<br />The film follows an adopted prince of Persia as he and his brothers conquer a holy city and take possession of a magical, time-altering dagger. After being blamed for the murder of his stepfather, the prince must discover the true murderer before his angered brothers have him killed.<br />Being that this movie was based off of a video game and that the script for the film was conceived by the video game-series writer, it played out very much like a video game would. There are some cheesy lines, some obvious statements and redundancies, and it all went on a little longer than it should. The point of the film (as was with the games) was to be drawn in to the action and see some pretty cool things while doing it. The action scenes were well played and enjoyable to watch, and the special effects were stunning. You can tell that this film had a lot of the crew from the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise; it just had such a similar feeling to it.<br />Now, let us jump deeper into the technicalities of the film. Number one, Jake Gyllenhaal. The guy is a good actor, no fight there. But he is not an action star, nor is he a convincing Persian prince. He just does not look the part. While he did a decent job, I just think it was a poor casting decision. I had a hard time watching him play a part that just was not him. Number two, the princess was a bit of an annoyance. Yes, I understand that if you pull someone out of their environment and place them in an opposite one, they will react in an odd and uncharacteristic way. But, being that this princess supposedly was wise beyond her years and lived through some very enlightening and mind-boggling moments in her young life, you think that she would have kept her head on a little straighter when she left her kingdom. She traversed between a winy little girl and a teenager attempting to be smart a little too often and it was unconvincing and annoying. You expected more from her; or at least hoped for more. And maybe it was just me, but did any one else see Sheik Amar as a Jack Sparrow rip-off? Just me?<br />The ending was interesting, somewhat bold, but interesting. That's all I'll say there. But overall, the movie was fun too watch - a little too long - but entertaining to say the least.<br /><br />[...]ments in her young life, you think that she would have kept her head on a little straighter when she left her kingdom. She traversed between a winy little girl and a teenager attempting to be smart a little too often and it was unconvincing and annoying. You expected more from her; or at least hoped for more. And maybe it was just me, but did any one else see Sheik Amar as a Jack Sparrow rip-off? Just me?  The ending was interesting, somewhat bold, but interesting. That's all I'll say there. But overall, the movie was fun too watch - a little too long - but entertaining to say the least.    [...]
B005V2EVBQ|2.0|It is a nice concept except the primary reason I got it was to be able to read the Kindle Fire while sitting on a desk or other flat surface - this cover does not stay - it slips away from the groove that is supposed to support the edge - not deep enough or something - the Kindle just flops over when I set it down to read it and collapses because the flap does not fit into a deep enough groove to stay in and there is no other way of maintaining the \\"triangle\\" or 3 walled standing - this product needs to make a deeper slit or something to keep it from collapsing - also it needs something so when you use it while holding in palm your fingers are not grasping the edges and smudging the kindle screen which you need to do because it won't stay balanced in your hand - I prefer to find a docking station that will hold the kindle fire properly - this is not worth $30 - but could use improvements to make it worth $30. I will probably return mine.
B0042U94UQ|3.0|While certainly not my favorite animated film from 2010, this one was pretty funny. The movie is carried well by the zany minions and by Steve Carell and his ridiculous accent.<br />After a Pyramid of Giza is miraculously stolen, Gru, a villain whose criminal deeds have been undermined from the Pyramid heist, attempts to out-due all other villains by pulling off the biggest and baddest theft of all... stealing the moon.<br />While I was saddened that a great deal of the funny moments from the film were shown in the previews, there was still a lot of random and laugh-out-loud moments. There was a nice blend of storytelling and humor.<br />I think that the most annoying part for me was the music they chose to put in the film. I'm not talking about the score; I'm talking about the song excerpts. Most of the songs I disliked were performed by Pharrell, a rising R&B/Hip Hop artist. I have never been a fan of R&B/Hip Hop, so I naturally disliked his music. There's nothing wrong with the music, I just don't like that type of style.<br />Aside from that, the movie was good fun.<br /><br />As far as questionable content:<br />The movie features some dance moves that are a bit suggestive and also features some minions making photocopies of their buttocks.<br /><br />[...]
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is awesome. I love it. it has so many choices. it is fun and creative. I have so much fun playing it. my chiildren love it.
B0034JKZ86|4.0|First of all, I just have to say that I am glad that Disney is returning to its roots. The guy who said, \\"Hand animation is old-fashioned, let's toss out everything that we're good at and go to CG,\\" was an idiot. I didn't see a single CG Disney film that wasn't made by Pixar that I liked. Now, whoever said, \\"Gee, we're no good at this CG thing, let's go back to what we were good at,\\" was smart. Because this was one of the first animated Disney-minus-Pixar films that I have liked since [[ASIN:B00005JMFH Brother Bear]]. Now, even though I liked it, I still don't think it was up to the quality of previous Disney animated films. When I say that, don't think I'm referring to the quality of the animation, because the animation was excellent in this film; but I just didn't enjoy it as much and I didn't have that good ol' \\"love it\\" feeling afterward. But, I still liked the film a lot.<br />The villain in this one was certainly darker than any other Disney villain I've seen; not the coolest or most evil of the Disney villains, but certainly the darkest. They did a good job at adding to his creepiness with the way his shadow acted and certainly gave you that dark feeling when he did his voodoo stuff.<br />There were some really funny moments in the film and I think the voice acting and music were elemental in the success of this film. The lasting message of the film was inspiring and the movie was good fun for everyone. Thank you, Disney, for bringing the magic back from where it originally came from.<br /><br />As far as questionable content:<br />Some of the scenes dealing in voodoo might be a bit scary for children. Just a head's up.<br /><br />[...]
B0054JZC6E|4.0|It's an entertaining game and a nice way to kill some time. Some of the games are a little ridiculous but all in all I like it.
B004G600A4|3.0|Overall, not a bad film. Not the best Disney animated film, but I would say it's better than the other non-Pixar, computer-animated films.<br />Tangled is Disney's interesting take on the tale of Rapunzel, with a few twists and turns added in.<br />This film has a lot to like as well as a lot left to be desired. The story is a classic Disney princess tale and follows the same pattern as previous Disney princess films, which is good. The characters are engaging and the comedic moments add up to a lot of fun. On the flip-side, the film would have faired better as a non-musical. The songs in the film were random, unnecessary, and, at times, a bit too ridiculous. Like previous Disney films, the music is meant to add to the film and build the emotion of a character or scene. The music did not do this in Tangled; it almost seemed thrown in there just to make it a musical or to use Mandy Moore's talent.<br />Also, I think we've been quite spoiled by Pixar and their amazing animation skills. The animation in this just doesn't match the quality and believability that Pixar and DreamWorks have achieved in their films (especially with fire and water effects).<br />Also, I saw a lot of other Disney movies incorporated in this one, as if they took a bunch of previous Disney animated films and cut them together into one: The mother-daughter relationship as well as the daughter's wish to leave the tower for a day is almost exactly replicate of The Hunchback of Notre Dame (Quasi and Rapunzel even sing a similar-themed song about going outside). The almost-kiss scene in the boat on the lake was scene-stealing from The Little Mermaid without the singing fish. And - without going into great detail - the sacrifice and miracle at the end of the film was copied almost straight from Beauty and the Beast, from wound down to the tear drop.<br />Okay, I'm done ranting. Not a bad flick.<br /><br />[...]
B0051UP5NQ|4.0|OfficeSuite 5 is a fantastic piece of mobile office software. Cloud intergration with gooledocs and Dropbox are topnoch. Works great on my phone, even better on my kindle fire. However OfficeSuite 5 is lacking .docx support. This is a very hard thing to live without, for all (or most) of my docs are in .docx format. So in order to completely remove my laptop, I have to convert my docs to the .doc format. OfficeSuite still get 4/5 stars. 5/5 when it supports .docx
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a great game fun for the whole family! roll tide roll go Alabama who slaughtered LSU at the BCS national title!
B004H1V5RU|5.0|Bought this for Christmas for my 14 & 18 year old sons.  Both loved it.  They trade back and forth for hours. My oldest finally made it through all levels it in about 2 weeks. He still loves playing it.  If you love puzzle type toys - this is for you!
B0055SWM08|5.0|It really uses your brain. This game will be one of your favorites. The zen music is nice as well.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|good app for when u r bored.  lots of different games to choose from.and play.  just wish there the games were explained.
0385534639|5.0|I could divide The Night Circus into two story lines.   One was about people. Another was about circus itself.   One cannot exist without another. On the one hand, for the most protagonists the circus is their life, the only life they have. If circus ceases to exist, the people will disappear. On the other hand, these very people are the driving force behind circus, something that enlivens an otherwise ordinary venue and turns it into a magical place.  Customers come for an entertainment, to watch a fantastic show, a show that in reality is an arena designated to satisfy vanity of two ancient magicians, where their pupils are mercilessly pitted against each other.  I didn't care much about circus details but the magic and people behind it were worth every page read. I loved the protagonists. Celia, Marco, Poppet, Bailey, Isobel to name just a few. Love, the most inexplicable emotion, has its own way to resolve convoluted situations. I immensely enjoyed the romantic side of the story.  A solid 4* book. However, for the sake of wonderful romance side of the book, 5*
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I run this on a rooted HTC Aria with CM7 (Android 2.3.4) and yes, it can be a little slow to render the first screen, but it's so with waiting those few seconds to see the current moon phase show up, big and beautiful. I haven't had any problems with it, and can't help but think what a great teaching tool it would be if one had young children about.
B0058VW36U|5.0|it is awesome you have to pick it you wont regret it I promised. luv it soooooo much my dad and I are addicted
0060873027|5.0|Typical Michael Crichton -- well researched, thought provoking... just finished by someone else.  My husband and I are big fans and he's really enjoying his Xmas gift. I will read next and expect to thoroughly enjoy.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I haven't had this app very long but so far so good. I usually don't expect much from free apps but this one is better than expected. I will say it has to many ads for my taste.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|Great app.  Easy to use.  Lots of very helpful tools for reading.  Would recommend this app to anyone.  The fact that it is free makes it even better.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love everything about this app especially the reading plans and all the different Bible translations.  Would love to see a commentary added.
1594489505|5.0|I stayed up all night listening to the audio version of A Thousand Splendid Suns.  Not only is this book marvelous fiction, but it addresses the war against women practiced in too many countries around the world (India, Pakistan, the Middle East, Mexico, etc.).  In Afghanistan, the Taliban forbade women working, or walking on the streets or traveling without a male family member.  They were confined to bhurkas outside, prevented from acquiring an education or using one, provided substandard health care, were subject to public beatings and executions and husbands could do anything with impunity to their wives inside the walls of their houses, backed by medieval sharia laws and religious fanaticism.  The U.S. should declare all Moslem women political refugees and allow them within our borders until these conditions are addressed and brought up to 21st century standards of treatment.  This attitude toward women is practiced by the worst and most brutal and unprincipled of men (like the husband in this novel) and the best of men are inhibited because of social pressure from protesting.  See the movie \\"The Stoning of Soraya M.\\" (Iran) to see how these appalling social conditions are enforced upon the whole population through a long tradition of mistreatment and injustice.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|good fun to pass the time in between games. some games are extremely frustrating to beat. its a free app so you get what you pay for.
0525478817|5.0|Admittedly, I was a big John Green fan well before this book came out. And I also preordered it the week that it became available for preorder.   I can honestly say that this is his best book yet.  I finished the book in a single day, being unable to put it down, reading half before I went to work and the other half as soon as I was out. The book made me laugh, it made me cry, it made me contemplative of how things affect us in life. I won't write a detailed review because I fully believe in knowing as little as possible before reading a book (or when it comes to it, seeing a movie and watching a show), but I will be passing this book around to people who won't buy it on their own and encouraging other bookworms to buy it for themselves.   In a month or so I will reread it to recapture it and also to gain perspective on the rest of the book based on the whole book.  (PS - not really relevant to the review, but my copy was signed by a red sharpie! :-D )
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I found the YouVersion Bible app on my Kindle Fire the day after I bought it and have used it everyday since. I absolutely love it and the devotional plans that I have chosen to take part in.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|This is a great product.  I believe I got what I paid for.  Not sure what some of the other reviewers were looking for, but I am fully satisfied with the product.
B004K4AVAG|3.0|When I first heard The Fame I was with my dads girlfriend and LOVED it. Then the fame monster cameout and I loved it for awhile but grew tired of it. With born this way I loved half the album and then grew tired of it. She's going too far trying to put herself out ther rather than sticking to herself.<br /><br />Bornthisway is an album full of good songs but nothing great. The lead track was horrible.
1932100660|5.0|Credible. Science based. And the best part is that it's not an infomercial for products.    Key points  1. Food derived from animals tends to support disease  2. Foods based on plants tends to support health  3. Eat whole foods  4. Avoid meat and dairy products  5. Take vitamin D and B12  6. The food and drug industries have a strong influence in Washington  The book shows overwhelming evidence supporting the points mentioned above.
B002MXA7TC|5.0|A rare find, all songs well produced and written.  Unique, artistically challenging sound, moving, beautiful vocals and lyrics, not like anything mainstream.  Totally underrated!!  This is what music ought to be like!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|only bad thing is you have to work for the games.  also the games are not that bad. very nice
B003Y5H574|5.0|Hilarious and heart-felt movie, very honest and telling of the human condition.  I don't normally buy Steve Carell movies, maybe watch once or twice, but this one made the cut.  Definite keeper in my DVD collection!
B002JVWQSW|5.0|Hilarious, best season ever. Bought it for my husband for Christmas. He is so enjoying each and every disc.  Can't wait to pass them on to our family and friends.....
B004G600A4|5.0|This movie brought back an old-school Disney type of story-telling style that I personally miss in the old fairy-tale movies.  The humor was spot on for both adults and young.  The horse was one of the best characters.  The animals were a delight, and the main characters very enjoyable, they all had terrifically presented personalities.  Overall, I found this movie very entertaining and light-hearted, a fun watch.  Not campy or unoriginal.  Worth the buy!
B005K17RU0|5.0|Seems to give accurate weather and forecasts. I've not used many of the features yet. The interface is fairly easy to figure out.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I t h a s a l o t o f g a m e s o I l I k e
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Really fun game to spend time on. Its great until the update, then you have to start all over. Other than that, really good game.
B003PGNBNY|5.0|The product came in as ordered and 7 year old daughter loved the movie she also like High school musical
B006MHWXMS|5.0|This app has been really useful since it's been released for free during Free App of The Day one day. With a few mistakes here and there, it's epic. Buy now.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I couldn't stop playing. the games are mostly really easy but entertaining enough! I would never pay for this but free is a good price.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Having just recently aquired a Kindle, I downloaded so many different Bibles,as my Pastor uses several during his sermons. But once I found this one, it's all I really need. Easy to use, get there in a flash!   Love it!!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun like the verity you don't Yves to play the same game the whole time and you can choose wich ones to unlock as you go
B0065GFXXM|5.0|Drake blew me away with this cd.  I like every song on it.  And I listen to it numerous times while at work.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its definatly nice for a free app. if you can with the ads, i would recommend this app to peps who like simple games
