0802130208|5.0|This is definitely a character piece, that character is Ignatius J. Reilly. So moral that he has turned himself inside out and become a monster of complaints. His world view is frustration at stupidity and in overwhelming himself with this frustration he becomes essentially an ass. He puts himself into situations that are outrageous for the fact that everyone is laughing at him, yet he is trying to bring forth the obvious and save these people from their ignorance and so inside he is perpetually laughing at others' stupidity.<br /><br />It reads like a dream, the words that spurt forth from Ignatius' mouth are trite yet moral, and verging on delusion it's hard to believe that you are buying into how off the cuff he is. Yet it works. In a fashion this is a coming of age story for a late late bloomer. Ingatius still lives with his mother at thirty. Ignatius and his mother have driven each other into domestic delirium that is balanced only by how controlling they are of each other.<br /><br />Ignatius comes across like many who dwell in the nest for too long, that he is eternally sighing at the hopelessness of everything, for instance when his mother crashes the car at the start he responds: \\"Ignatius rolled down one of the rear windows and studied the fender that was pressed against the wall. 'We shall need a new headlight on this side, i imagine.'\\"<br /><br />The fact that I've spent this review scratching only the surface of this character piece with descriptions of the inner world of the story and not its machinations should be in itself testamant to how absorbing this book is.<br /><br />Four and a half out five plus a sniffflip.
030746363X|5.0|I bought the book before Christmas and have been reading it for a few weeks.  I started the slow carb diet yesterday and am excited to see some results.  I'll be starting the swing tomorrow before breakfast.  I have a 100 lbs to lose this year and am really excited to start seeing some of those lbs drop off.  Oh! and I'm excited to get to Saturday already, FREE DAY!    If you're looking to make some changes this year... READ THE BOOK!  THEN GO DO WORK!
B0007TKNIS|5.0|gave this to my granddaughter,  she  loves  it!!! she had seen  it  at  a friends  house and ask for it for christmas.
0756405890|5.0|I received a Kindle for Christmas and didn't have any books for it, so I went to Amazon and searched for the best rated fantasy books and came up with this one.  The very first review was by one of my favorite authors, so I figured I'd give it a shot.  I had to finish up a few paper books before I got to this one, but once I did, I couldn't put it down.  This is one of the best fantasy books I have ever read.  It won't displace the (first) Chronicles of Amber from the top of my favorites list, but I love everything about this book, especially that it's written in first person (the majority of it anyway).  The worst part about it is I had NO IDEA the second book isn't out yet!!!  Now I have to go find something else to read.
B00008EY7H|3.0|I have watched several Cirque du Soleil shows and this one didn't seem to be up to their usual standards.
0316098337|5.0|From the back cover:  Jack is five, and excited about his birthday. He lives with his Ma in Room, which has a locked door and a skylight, and measures eleven feet by eleven feet. He loves watching TV, and the cartoon characters he calls friends, but he knows that nothing he sees on screen is truly real - only him, Ma and the the things in Room. Until the day Ma admits that there's a world outside... Told in Jack's voice, Room is the story of a mother and son whose love lets them survive the impossible. Unsentimental and sometimes funny, devastating yet uplifting, Room is a novel like no other.    Review:  Room is the kind of book that makes me remember why I love reading. I read a lot of books I'd call 'great' but every now and then I read one that I'd call 'a treasure' and this is one of them.     The prose is vivid and the tone is exactly what I would expect from a five year old. Jack's narrative is a kind of simple and pure stream of consciousness but it also has the kind of sophistication you'd expect from a five year old who's mother has very little else to occupy her time than focus on her child and try to create the most normal of childhoods in the least ordinary of settings.    While reading I was really struck by Emma Donoghue's ability to write so visually while using so few adjectives, I felt like I was literally seeing the world through Jack's eyes.     I was completely engaged with his process as he pieces together all the details of his reality and the reality of 'outside'. The psychological changes that Jack and Ma go through are fascinating. I particularly liked the fact that Ma is never written as a victim to be pitied and patronised, her characterisation is such that while she is often afraid she is strong and wilful, and doing this avoids melodrama and cliche. The story has this ring of truth and reality to it which is its strength.     The more graphic elements of this book are treated very carefully and with great skill so that they are the background upon which this story about the relationship between a mother and a child is examined. I think often in literature mothering is treated as the mundane or even boring, which to me is a waste of good material. Mothering (parenting actually, but in this book it's about a mother and child) is the stuff the human condition is made of, and I was so excited to read a book which looks at this topic in such a heartfelt, honest and genuine manner while completely avoiding the tendency to romanticise.    Shortlisted for the Booker, this is definitely a book you must read.
0061730335|5.0|I read this book as the November choice in our Book Club. I found it very easy to read, even physics were easy to follow and absolutely inspirational. I bought the book for my kids, who I am very sure will be moved for the strong desire of the boy to study, his enormous curiosity for science, and the terrible economic and political situation of Malawi. This is not fiction. This is a story of real life, of a hard, of the tragic conditions in Africa when you are poor but you have a vision. It should be mandatory to read in high schools.
1599218011|5.0|Kris' book is beautiful to look at, fun to read, and inspiring. The layout is gorgeous with color and design. This book offers lovely options for anyone who wants to live their life healthfully while having a good time.<br />There are good discussions of supplements, acid/alkaline foods, veganism, raw foods, and cleansing. Recipes from well-known and respected healthy chefs from around the world are included, and offer the reader a nice introduction to raw foods.<br />Kris' tone is friendly and funny, like listening to your cool, goofy girlfriend. Her writing is approachable and makes emotionally charged topics easier to take in. I liked this line:<br />\\"Do what works best for your majestic self (and your schedule).\\" Amen!
B002ZG994U|4.0|My family and I enjoy big thriller action movies. It doesn't get better than the A-Team. Liam Nesson is terrific and his team member are hilariuos. We got the movie for Christmas and we have seen it 4 times (three with the extended version). We can not wait for a sequel.
030746363X|5.0|I read most of the book (~90%).  There is also a lot of action-centered advice in the book which makes it fun and enjoyable to read.  It is focused on what you should do to achieve your goals (losing fat, gaining muscle, etc.).  There are a lot of extreme claims that I believe are mostly used as a marketing strategy for the book. However, it made me interested enough to try the workouts, diet, and some supplements from the adding muscle chapters of the book. I am two weeks in and have favorable, but modest results.  I will continue for at least another 4 to 6 weeks.  I anticipate that I will likely add another 10-15 lbs of muscle while maintaining or losing fat based on last two weeks.  I'll update the review in 4 to 6 weeks.
0307390349|5.0|... something outside her usual range, and in this collection she certainly exercises that right. This is a second edition of \\"Too Much Happiness\\" with a different cover; I almost grabbed it and bought it in a bookstore before I recognized some of the story titles. Don't make that same mistake, unless you have an urge to give a copy to your favorite niece or nephew. Here's the review I wrote of the first edition, many months ago:<br /><br />The characters in Alice Munro's newest book, some anyway, are more extreme than I've been used to encountering in her earlier books. There are two triple-murderers, a woman whose childhood friend helped her kill another girl, a beloved son who chooses to be a derelict, the male narrator (rare for Alice) whose port-wine birthmark thwarts his whole life, and there are a statistiacally improbable number of \\"specials\\", people with disabilities of intelligence. The dysfunctional relationships, Munro's perennial subject, are more extreme, or perhaps just more quirky, than in previous portrayals. Munro's stories have always stayed close to home - southern Ontario - and close to plain folk, to herself, her family, her ordinary `others'. That's been the great strength of her work, really -- her honesty, her close-to-bone reality. Now in her seventies, in this book and in her 2006 \\"The View from Castle Rock\\", Munro seems to be stretching her range both in time and space, writing about emigrants of the previous generation, about people who weren't and couldn't have been neighbors ... and in the title story of this collection, \\"Too Much Happiness\\", she's written a long story/novella about a Russian woman mathematical prodigy of the 19th Century. It's easy to understand why she wants to stretch, to establish her claim to some universality and some ability to get beyond her own identity as a subject. No one who has read all of her previous work, as I have, could deny that she has \\"written the same story again and again.\\" She has. Or rather, she has written her several stories again and again, like Leitmotives, in her eleven books. That is NOT, believe me, a weakness in her art. It's been her genius to be able to re-examine those stories - those experiences - from the perspectives of different ages-stages of her `unfinished' life. Each retelling has expanded the story, added rings to the tree trunk of memory.<br /><br />Trees, wood, and wood-working... it occurs to me that `wood' has been as much a character in Munro's narrative cast as any human, and in this collection, one story is titled \\"Wood.\\" `Cancer' has also intervened often enough, and in some of Munro's finest stories, to be considered a stock character. If anyone supposes that Munro hasn't written enough about the Great Themes, let me ask you: what theme is greater than one's own death?<br /><br />Or than `age'? Munro has always written eloquently about the elderly, and about children. That's been another of her literary accomplishments. In this collection, however, `age' takes a different role. Here's the first sentence of the story Some Women: \\"I am amazed sometimes to think how old I am.\\" Wow! Me too, Alice! I'm ten years behind you, 68 to your 78, but I'm keeping pace like a kid brother, edging relatively closer every year. Munro writes about the strangeness of living memories of dead-and-vanished worlds, of life-styles that now seem incomprehensibly extinct, of conversations recorded in her living conscious mind that seem archaic and exotic now. Age - being old in the always-new of life - is the unifying theme of Too Much Happiness.<br /><br />Thematic unity is what makes Munro's eleven books of stories more than mere `collections'. Each of her books has been a story-suite, a genre of fiction distinct from the novel or novella, in which the various narratives entangle and infuse each other with meanings. That's the case with the first nine stories in Too Much Happiness. Frankly, I didn't begin to sense the impact of the first story, Dimensions, until I'd read the fourth or fifth. The final story, of the historical `feminist' martyr Sophia Kovalevsky, stands somewhat apart from the others. Perhaps it might have been better reserved for a different collection or published separately.<br /><br />Munro is more tolerant of the failings of her women than of her men. More forgiving, though it's not that there's less to forgive. Many of her women, especially her first-person female narrators, are what my mother would have called \\"pills\\". My mother never used the B-word. But Munro's men `are who they are' - completely recognizable and plausible, from the outside - while Munro's women are ... herself. There's more of her strength: her honesty of perspective and her ability to forgive herself, after cross-examination, at least enough to be able to write her confessions. Munro is above all a confessional writer, of the generation of confessor-poets like Robert Lowell and Elizabeth Bishop.<br /><br />And perhaps I need to confess that I don't consider Too Much Happiness one of Munro's best books. No single story in it is as powerful as \\"The Bear Came Over the Mountain\\" from her 2001 collection Hateship/Friendship/Courtship/Loveship/Marriage, or the title story from Something I've Been Meaning to Tell You, or \\"What Do You Want to Know For?\\" from The View from Castle Rock. Those three stories are sublime. For them alone, Munro should rank as the \\"greatest writer who hasn't yet won the Nobel Prize.\\" But Too Much Happiness is a powerful book, worthy of its lineage as Munro's twelfth suite of stories. I can't wait for her thirteenth!th or fifth. The final story, of the historical `feminist' martyr Sophia Kovalevsky, stands somewhat apart from the others. Perhaps it might have been better reserved for a different collection or published separately.     Munro is more tolerant of the failings of her women than of her men. More forgiving, though it's not that there's less to forgive. Many of her women, especially her first-person female narrators, are what my mother would have called \\"pills\\". My mother never used the B-word. But Munro's men `are who they are' - completely recognizable and plausible, from the outside - while Munro's women are ... herself. There's more of her strength: her honesty of perspective and her ability to forgive herself, after cross-examination, at least enough to be able to write her confessions. Munro is above all a confessional writer, of the generation of confessor-poets like Robert Lowell and Elizabeth Bishop.     And perhaps I need to confess that I don't consider Too Much Happiness one of Munro's best books. No single story in it is as powerful as \\"The Bear Came Over the Mountain\\" from her 2001 collection Hateship/Friendship/Courtship/Loveship/Marriage, or the title story from Something I've Been Meaning to Tell You, or \\"What Do You Want to Know For?\\" from The View from Castle Rock. Those three stories are sublime. For them alone, Munro should rank as the \\"greatest writer who hasn't yet won the Nobel Prize.\\" But Too Much Happiness is a powerful book, worthy of its lineage as Munro's twelfth suite of stories. I can't wait for her thirteenth!
B00008G7UJ|3.0|I bought this for my daughter to nurture her love of Shakespeare.  Unfortunately, though she loves the principal actors in this, we both thought that this version - an update that uses the original language in a weird LA-like city, with organized crime gangs replacing the rival families - was over the top.  It is also absurdist comedy, gender-bending, and full of incomprehensible visual flourishes, none of which adds to the story.  Of course, this is personal, even visceral, as you either get or you don't.  We didn't quite.  For example, when the couple meets on the balcony, they wind up falling into a TV-monitored swimming pool, dodging security guards while floundering in deep water.<br /><br />Nonetheless, at its best, there are moments that the emotional spirit comes through well.  As truly fine actors, Danes and DiCaprio have good on-screen chemistry.  I may not think that Mercutio was a super-effeminate whatever, but his bipolar energy comes through.  Tybalt's macho, in-the-moment spirit also succeeds, even if he duels with fancy guns.<br /><br />This is a mixed bag.  If you love Shakespeare and enjoy radical re-interpretations, you might like this.  If you prefer costumes and faithful recreations of a bygone era, stick to the Zeffiretti.
B003B02O14|5.0|Another page turner where you just want to find the next piece of the puzzle.  You think you have it all worked out but the Great John Grisham writes another cruve ball.  A MUST read!
B002VECMAE|1.0|Am I so dumb that I didn't get it? What is this movie all about? It is a joke,it has to be. It seems like nobody took their carriers seriously when they agreed to be part of this junk. It is awful! While watching, I spent most of time giving it five extra minutes to see if it would get better. But it didn't. Is it a comedy? NOPE. Is it a drama? NAH. Is just a waste of time, a disappointment, a bad joke.
B000K1P66W|5.0|Occasionally a little book comes along that is potentially life changing, if your life is ready to be changed. This is such a book. The writing is simple, accessible and at the same time very profound. I highly recomend it.
B0009P5YXO|5.0|I got my screwdriver on monday, thinking that it would arrive about the time Amazon said it would.    Opening it up, I was amazed at how cloe to detail the screwdriver was: The light, the design, basically everything that the tenth Doctor had. But, I was a little disappointed when it didnt exactly make the same noise it does on the show. It was still cool, though, dont get me wrong. I keep hovering it over my computer whenever it goes slow, then I pull back and realize that I cant bypass any viruses :P.
B002KSPKRS|1.0|Worked for about 8 days and then was awful to play with. The headphones continually cut out, often for several minutes at a time, then it would come back for an hour before cutting out again. Would continuously cut in and out over extended playing periods. Replaced the batteries dozens of times to see if that would help.   I position myself about 8 ft from the receiver, direct line of sight, no better.    Total junk in my opinion and they are being sent straight back.
B003LAH7MU|5.0|My daughter asked for this CD and is very pleased with it. She's a big fan of Sting and likes the arrangements on this release.
0312430000|3.0|The whole point of this book can be condensed to like maybe 3 pages of writing. The author loads the book with story after story after story of how a checklist saved: 1) patient 2) airplane 3) whatever. Please don't get me wrong, I actually liked the books message and plan on using or trying a checklist for my career. However, the book was long on anecdotes and very short on process. If you expect the author to help you create a checklist exhale now (please don't hold your breath). However, if you read anecdote after anecdote and pay attention the concepts are tangible. There are 2 or 3 checklists provided...that's it. I saw the author on the Colbert Report and was very enticed by what was said in the 2-minute interview. Unfortunately, I really didn't get much more after 193 pages of reading.
0790744295|5.0|You will surely be entertained. This movie makes you laugh and love that the underdog always wins.  LOVE IT!
B000O8OTNC|4.0|its a knife sharpener...  it works.  could be heavier though.  perfect for tackle box or survival kit
B001LNOOG6|5.0|What Archer really explores is the differences is lifestyle between the wealthy and the middle/working class in the UK.  I read this book on the way back from Buenos Aires to Dallas.  It kept me awake for four out of the 10 hours.  Although the first part of the novel takes place in prison, it is more about the class differences between Danny Cartwright and one of his cellmates Sir Nicholas Moncrieff. Once the story moves to the outside, we get a clearer picture of the privileges of being wealthy along with the expense of being rich. You also see how a poor boy with a good education can make a good life. Maybe the lifestyle of the rich and famous is not everything that we want. In fact you can tell all along that Danny cares more about his roots and long-term relationships that about the money. That this an implausible switch, revamping the Count of Monte Cristo story does not matter.  After all, this is a novel for our entertainment. Jeffery Archer comes from the same town as me, so I cannot really not support a local boy from Weston-Super-Mare.
0470876417|5.0|No matter if you have business knowledge or not, this is by far one of the best guides for entrepreneurs.
B0035J6TAI|5.0|At first I was turned off that these songs were not written by Peter Gabriel and almost passed over the album. However, I have been a huge fan since the 70's and had to give it a chance.   Glad I did,  because this is yet another gem that I have to ration my listening to keep from overplaying it.     His ability to re-forge these songs into completely new creations speaks volumes to his talent.  The result is that  every song is almost completely unrecognizable from the original. Each is a treat in both song selection and orchestration.  His best talents have always been in this area and enhanced by superb clean crisp technical studio work.      This collection represents his strongest work to date,  and would consider it a high water mark in his career... and can't help but say he has reached  `A Man in Full' status.        I just hope I don't have to wait another 10 years to see his next creation.
B001VNB54A|5.0|I received this product very quickly after my order was placed. I will order from this site again.  Thank you
0312360258|5.0|The Casts creat an entertaining world with just a hint of possibility. They put a whole new light on vampires and what they represent.
B0037KMHRY|4.0|The Tron soundtrack is leaps and bounds better than the actual movie for which it was scored. Daft Punk is at their best and does an exceptional job holding the line, moving effortlessly from one track to the next. Haunting, ethereal, and all around mood music, the ambience created is no less than what the movie failed to deliver. It reminds me a bit of the original Escape from New York by John Carpenter.     Let's be honest, Tron was cool when you were 7 years old. Now older and a little wiser, it's easy to see how ridiculous the script is. Take for example Jeff Bridge's droning voiceover in Tron: Legacy explaining the circuitry of the grid as something taking the shape of ships and motorcycles, and you start realize just exactly what's wrong with this picture. In the 1980s, Tron worked because video games were still on the verge of breaking through and the theme of computers and circuitry were something of a mystery to most lay people in the 1980s. This unabashed romanticism and futurism could be forgiven then. It was something you could get away with. But given the rate at which we've progressed, technological advancement seems to take the steam out of such a movie. It would be like trying to remake H.G. Wells' vision of the moon in his book The First Men on the Moon (1901). Today, we know the moon fairly well, and because of this, its mystery died a death tantamount to the rate in which our knowledge of the lunar environment increased.     Other themes still work. Aliens are yet to be discovered. The question of God is very much alive. But little electrified people living in computer circuitry, even while no one initially believed it in 1982, seems a bit harder to \\"process\\" these days.     Nevertheless, Daft Punk's soundtrack allows us to forget all of this in the name of science fiction, turn on our iPods and CD Players and relax or be stimulated by the synthetic sounds recreating a synthetic world. Favorite songs include \\"Derezzed,\\" \\"End of Line,\\" and \\"Tron Legacy.\\"    Suffice to say, the only thing daft is the movie itself. The Punks on the other hand present a deft introduction to their brand of music.
B0007LXPBI|5.0|This video arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  I now have both versions of this video plus part two and like all of them.  The newer one may be a little better.
0307272702|5.0|Consuming  polyester vegetable \\"oils\\", HFCS and sucrose, inedible cereal grains--- trifecta, correlated with our nation's ill health.<br /><br />In 2008, Gary Taubes' GCBC changed my life for the better. I'm raving about his new book WWGF. If you can't slog through GCBC, read WWGF because it might just save your sanity.<br />If you haven't taken a course in chemical thermodynamics and aren't sure he's correct, let me add - he's right and no laws of thermo were harmed in his hypothesis. But he's smart and educated enough for you to be safe in trusting the accuracy of his statements. \\"Only need to count calories and move more\\"- buzz words and jingo phrases (especially when incomplete and misconstrued because of the complex subject matter) are dangerous things. `Calories' (as they are currently misrepresented in the context of human nutrition) do not count. I'm a biochemist and I teach thermo. I'm a parent (cook for my family). I also eat and I'm thankful I'm a voracious reader and I found Taubes.<br />  Keep in mind our bodies are much more than a simple mono-functional furnace -which only burns fuel to produce heat. We need to eat for fuel, heat, insulation, and what is always neglected in these discussions- constantly supplying raw materials. We eat for all these reasons, for our 100 trillion cells that `turnover' at various rates, but also for our 1000 trillion prokaryote symbiotic passengers that turnover all the time.  Cholesterol is never used for fuel- only for raw material. And since these discussions seem to only ever mention fuel calories, this is crucial. Cholesterol is so important to our structure and function and for us to thrive that most cells can make it.  Drugging it down might not be a good thing. Restricting dietary fat and protein calories for energy to make cholesterol (low calorie, semi-starvation diets) or decreasing animal fat and protein components, raw materials, to build it, or acquire it, and then blaming it for heart disease -might just be incorrect. And there quite simply is no requirement in human nutrition for dietary carbohydrate.  Ingested carbohydrate is only used for fuel.<br /> Don't you think that the body is a little more complex than a furnace? So the simplistic directive -do not eat much fat because it supplies 9 calories/gram and it will make you fatter than if you eat carbohydrate, 4 calories/gram- could be problematic. Could it be that eating sugar, grains and carbohydrate is what's causing the  trouble?<br />Read everything Taubes writes. It might save your life.
030746363X|5.0|As usual, Tim Ferriss delivers...    This is the only book I have ever pre-ordered, and it was all I could do to drive home without reading it in the car the day it arrived in my PO box.  It is exactly what I was expecting; and although I am not trying to lose weight (I am focusing on the gaining sections) I love sharing the ideas in the book with people who are.    A great reference book with well documented science behind the vastly different approaches to what we think we know about nutrition, weight gain, and more!    Darrin Schenck  ASU Racquetball coach
0596805888|5.0|This book is full of useful ideas and tips for understand the science of what is happening when you cook food. It explains things by giving you \\"experiments\\" to try which allow a much deeper level of understanding than a regular cookbook. The recipes are good and varied as well. It is a true fountain of knowledge for any nerd or geek who likes to cook! My friends like reading it when visiting my house. This has quickly become one of the staple books I keep in the kitchen.
B003ZHQVJO|4.0|I received this very quickly and enjoyed the CD very much.  I think the song born free should be listened to by every  American..
B0040HJNKC|5.0|The guy, Buddy Guy that is, starts to sing about how he's 74 years old. That seems really old! And then he cranks it with a strength and passion that is the ultimate in blues guitar. If he still has anything to prove, he proves it. I love the moment, the best in music. Makes me smile.
030746363X|5.0|Just click buy.    I know I know! You'd have to give up a week's worth of lattes to afford it. Or maybe your next Happy Hour. Or you'll have to pass on the Shake Weight. Or whatever.    But do it. Click buy. The roadmap laid out in The Four Hour Body will not only make your life easier, but you'll be getting where you want to go at the same time. I got the book in December as a Christmas gift to myself, and I can't believe how much simpler diet and exercise has been for me. In the book, Tim tells you, \\"Eat this, not that. Work out like this, on the following schedule. And if you're having issues, check out this.\\" Boom. Easy. All you have to do is follow, and success isn't going to be far behind. He tested everything on himself, so there's no guessing where his method leads.    I started slow, just jumping on the Slow Carb Diet since getting the book. Feeling better than I have in a while. Not to mention, one of the easiest (and cheapest) diets I've ever tried. Just started some injury prevention workouts (from the book) on my way to gaining muslce, fast (also laid out in the book). I'm super excited about where this is going to go.    Dont wait, just act. 2011 can be the year...
B0008KLVGY|2.0|This dvd was listed under Blue Ray movies, it wasn't, it played very grainy on my new player..so I sent it back, haven't been reimbursed as yet..but I know I will
0451205766|5.0|This is a great book whether you're a fan of the film or not. It is kind of the first and second film in one book, with some extra story lines not in either. It is so readable that once you start you cannot put it down and I've read this book twice now, each time within a couple of days, it is so addictive. All I can say is read this book, you won't be disappointed.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B003ELOQCK|5.0|Love it! Got to go to a U2 Concert last week. They still have it. IF NOT, better! One of their best performances.
B002I6251G|4.0|I first heard the Editors when watching their Glastonbury set this year and I was immediately impressed. So much so I went online and bought all three albums in one hit. This has some awesome tracks on it and shows the style of music perfectly. They have an almost grandiose, big electronic sound to them and have been compared to some bands of the eighties and there is definitely that element to their sound, but they also sound fresh and modern as well and the lead singers vocals are unique and fit the music well. The most well known track is probably `Papillon' which is also one of my favourites on offer here and the one that really caught my ear when I was watching them on TV. `Bricks and Mortar', as noted by other reviewers, is reminiscent of The Terminator theme music but I really enjoy it, maybe more so because of this! There is an energy about this album and I can't help but feel buoyed up after listening to it, even with the odd slower track in there as well. If you are a huge fan of the early albums then this may not appeal as much as there a lot of synths here compared to guitars, but if you enjoy this then you can go easily go back to those early albums and appreciate them all the more after knowing where they lead to. This is just an evolution of the bands sound and style. All in all this is a good album, with some great tracks on it and a big sound to put a smile on your face. Well worth checking out.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|I waited a long time to write this.  I wanted to watch it twice before I typed a word...and did.  Wanted to figure out where I was coming from before I started.  In the interests of fair disclosure, I should let you know that I have a special interest in the Pacific Theater of war.  My dad was a P-38 pilot in the 49th FG, Stepdad #1 was in the Navy, Stepdad #2 was in the army, and my uncle was in the marines....ALL in the Pacific.  I have also written a few articles on the Pacific, and have written for Lightning Strikes, the journal of the P-38 National Association.  I say this NOT to brag, but to admit I may be biased.      I think this is the most complete, the most real of ALL the great movies on WWII.  Pearl Harbor ranks at the bottom, its chick plot more of a distraction, and Barnett (sp) and Affleck were horrible caricatures of any of the WWII vets I knew/know.  So scratch that one.  The Thin Red Line was good, but way too much of a grad school phenomenon, with tricks and FX standing in for solid direction.  That leaves the Big Three of the modern era: Saving Private Ryan, Windtalkers, and Band of Brothers (BOB).  I have a difficult time ranking these against each other, one on one: a movie has 2.5 hours, maybe 3 tops.  A mini-series has more time to show us more, to explore in more depth.  SPR I put at the top of the movie efforts, mainly because it was the FIRST in groundbreaking efforts to \\"get it right,\\" and Hanks is great as always.  It didn't have time to introduce any women, and that was just fine.  There wasn't time.  But it beats out WT.  That leaves BOB and The Pacific (P).    I don't think one can really compare the two in terms of \\"which one is better\\" any more than one can say which WAR was \\"better.\\"  I will say this to those who think BOB was better: I would bet some serious coin it's because the European War is easier to understand for us, it comes closer to what we envision as the \\"noble war,\\" we can get our mental and moral hands around it.  When the Lt. or Capt. tells the 101st to \\"Take that bridge,\\" \\"Storm that position,\\" \\"Spike that gun,\\" it's clear and easily definable...like the European war itself.  Ernie Pyle relates this story in his book \\"Brave Men\\" and it gets at the heart of what I'm meaning.  There was a U.S. hospital ship off the coast of Italy, taking casualties off and getting them healed and back out of the war.  Unlike the secrecy for the other ships and everything else in the Italian campaign, the ship broadcast its position every 15 minutes, painted HUGE crosses on its sides, and trained searchlights on those crosses at night....it WANTED the Germans to know where it was and what it was at all times.  It was stopped and questioned several times by surfaced German U-Boats, and German planes circled it, but did NOT fire.  The reason was simple: the German fighting machine--for all its admitted cruelties and tenacity--tried much of the time to at least pay solid lip service to the general articles of war and the just war tradition.  We could appeal to that.  We had NOTHING analogous to do that on the Japanese side.  Nothing.    This series also has no clearcut narrative like SPR or BOB.  And that's another reason I think that some people have a more difficult time with this series/movie.  Not only tactically, but strategically.  You're right there with the Marines..slogging it out on Pelilieu or Okinawa or Iwo Jima.  You're not privy to any grand strategy because the directors want you think see what the Marines saw, feel what they felt.  They had little grasp of grand strategy, and their world was one god-forsaken hell-hole at a time.  Period.  But that makes it tough for movie goers too.    The Pacific War degenerated into primitive barbarity and savagery.  And make no mistake: the right side won.  For anyone who questions if the atomic bombs were necessary, have them watch The Pacific.  Now to the meat of it all.    Brilliant performances by the actors.  Leckie and Sledge are the realdeal.  You watch them degenerate into (almost) the same types of beasts they were fighting.  But that's real.  Deal with it.  I remember this story from my uncle (the marine): he was guarding some Jap prisoners and as they were marching by, my uncle noticed that one still had his sword.  My uncle said \\"I want that, give it over.\\"  The officer started to protest.  My uncle leveled his rifle at him and said \\"If you don't give me that sword in two seconds, I'll blow your ******* head off.\\"  He got the sword.  And he would have done it too.    And that brings me to this: this movie/series is great because it helps explain that generation who came back from the Pacific.  It was Vietnam on steroids before Vietnam.  This movie is the most violent movie I have ever seen, but all the scenes have a point, and it's driven home unmercifully: this is the cruelest war we have yet fought, and this was our enemy.  Of course there is some simplification: Leckie's parents and Sledge's mom are morons and the former especially are played like simpletons--they didn't \\"get it\\" about their sons.  I also wished we'd see a better and more complete picture of the air war (no P-38s?...there were some even in the early days after the Canal was won...read Leckie's other book), but this was a series about the ground war so I get it.    The music is moving, the \\"home scenes\\" are spot on, they do not distract.  Jon plays \\"Manilla John\\" great.  The sex is like the war--little time or desire for foreplay--quick and brutal (although there are really touching moments between the Basilones).  The fighting scenes are the best I've ever seen and capture the illusiveness and evil nature of the Japanese's warped and twisted version of Bushido: this is a violent, gritty, primal, slug in the face...which is EXACTLY what the Pacific war was.  I loved BOB and SPR, but for getting the total picture of the war, neither of them is up to P.  This series is the new gold standard.  Be careful who you watch it with and who you give it to (there are some horrendously violent scenes), but this is the way it was...or it least it's as close as we've come so far.  It probably hits the audience the same way Twelve O'Clock High hit the airmen back from the war only 6 years in 1951.  This is brutal.  But this is greatness.
B00405DUYO|4.0|`I Love You Philip Morris' is a film, based on a true story, about a man called Steve Russell (Jim Carrey) who was a conman, who also happened to be homosexual and who found love when he spent time in jail for fraud. He falls in love with Phillip Morris (played by Ewan McGregor) and will do anything to keep them together and to keep Phillip happy, both inside and out of prison. He repeatedly escaped from jail and conned his way out of various scrapes and the ingenuity he had to carry out his various scams is nothing if not impressive. Carrey and McGregor both play their roles very well and you can believe the romance between them and Carrey also manages to be funny without all of the excessive screaming and gurning like in his past films. The story is fairly engaging, all the more so for being true, and whilst I enjoyed it for the duration, it isn't one I will rush to watch again any time soon. Overall this is a decent film with some decent performances and whilst it isn't ground breaking or an exceptional piece of cinematography, it is a good enough way to spend a few hours viewing.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B003ZTQN1I|1.0|I saw the movie and loved the songs as they were performed in the movie. I was looking forward to purchasing the album, however, was very disappointed that the \\"original movie soundtrack\\" only contained about four songs from the movie.  If they were going to have country stars sing the songs from the movie, why couldn't a dual CD been offered: one CD with the songs as performed in the movie and the second with country stars performing them.  Very disappointing, especially not including the Garrett Hedlund/Leighton Meester the Give Into Me duo.
B002ZG997M|4.0|`The Book Of Eli' explores one idea of what life could be like in a post nuclear war world. Here food, water, energy and books are hard to come by and every day is a struggle to survive. Eli (played by Washington) is known as a walker, who travels across the country (rather than living in a community) trying to subsist on meagre provisions and fighting off lawless robbers just to get by. He only goes into the communities (one of which that is run by the iron handed Gary Oldman) when he needs to recharge batteries or get extra water. He protects a sacred book which is highly sought after by other unscrupulous people and constantly moves west so that he can share his treasure with someone who may know how to do more good with it.<br /><br />This film had a bleak feel to it at first, with muted colours and lots of ash, but it soon began to feel like a cross between a Mad Max film, an action film (due to Washington's `kick ass' character who is more than capable of looking after himself against some rather unsavoury specimens) and a religious allegory about mans folly's and humanity. This was reminiscent of `The Road' which I saw recently and which is based along similar themes, but I found this films story to be more engaging and more uplifting at the end and much prefer it over the aforementioned film. The acting is pretty decent from all involved and Oldman plays his sneering bad guy role perfectly yet again. There is a good twist in the tale and some issues are raised about mans behaviour without moralising or preaching. Some people seem to dislike this film due to it's religious overtones, but to be honest these are pretty slight and are relevant to the story. All in all this was an enjoyable film and if `The Road' put you off post apocalyptic films, but the premise still intrigues you, then this is well worth a viewing.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0307266303|4.0|Author Christopher McDougall created a unique read in Born To Run. The imagery he inspires of the Tarahumara Indians sprinting through the Mexican canyons kept me engaged throughout the story. As each chapter progressed, I wanted to lace up my running shoes and join McDougall on his quest to uncover the perfect science behind running. Whether you are a runner or not, you will be inspired by the adventure that ensues when a tribe of the world's greatest distance runners are challenged to the race of a lifetime.
0439023521|2.0|Okay, so I'm into books, and into manga as well. So when I hear about this book from a good friend of mine, and she tells me how flat out amazing this book is. Seeing as how I was in need of a good book, I decided to give it a shot.  I had to drop it at abut 30 pages.  To me, it's just a blatant rip-off of the series Battle Royale, written almost ten years before this was even published. Granted the whole \\"battle to the death\\" thing is a cliched plot used for many years, but still...  If you want to read an entertaining book, go read Battle Royale.
B002ZG99N6|2.0|Saw over X-Mas on DVD. Couldn't believe it wasn't as good as I had heard. A bank robbing movie that has more Drama than bank robbing is almost doomed to fail, unless it's in the hands of a great Director. Sorry Ben, not there yet. Gone Baby Gone was a great ride, but I believe that had more to do with acting and WHO wrote it than Ben. The Town is worth a watch, but ask anyone what they liked about it and you'll get the, \\"not sure\\" answer a lot. Not a good sign about a film when you can't remember what you liked about it, especially when you just finished it. That 1st act is really long winded and boring Ben! In Ben I trust, maybe next time, or not?
0446691437|5.0|For you miserable.    If you are a writer and feel miserable when you can not carry on your work, you must read this book.   You will become a miserable lot better.
B00475BUVM|3.0|A number of reviewers gave this version of Clash of the Titans a bum review because of it's departure from the older, more \\"accurate\\" version. However, just check your brain and enjoy the ride, especially in 3D.  It's and enjoyable adventure story providing you are not expecting too much from it.  Hey, just relax and be entertained for a change!  Dave
B000ATQYT2|5.0|And now my children love it as well.  I love the Muppet humor and A Christmas Carol and the two combined is just awesome for me.
0553280325|4.0|Something Wicked This Way Comes is chilling, intense tale of two teenaged friends, Jim Nightshade and Will Halloway, and a mysterious carnival. They are the only two people in the town, initially, that can see that something is not right with Mr. Dark and the sideshow freaks.<br /><br />Bradbury gives such life to his main characters, Jim and Will and Will's Dad. It is with horror and total understanding that the reader watches as Jim is nearly seduced by the carnival's promises. As an older reader, it was easy to feel the sadness and sense of loss being experienced by Mr. Halloway. Will, so likable, so naive, is the least believable only because he is so true in his goodness; and yet, I truly couldn't find fault with Will's character as such because his emotions were portrayed so well. Emotions were captured with wonderful clarity in this book, and are it's strongest feature.<br /><br />The language used by Bradbury in this book borders on poetry. I was continually struck by the beauty of a phrase, by an unusually accurate description or by a passage that simply begged to be read aloud. I was amazed at how beautifully he used the words, and how the words themselves added to the surreal feel of the story.<br /><br />As a story, this was a tense, spine chilling fairy tale, or urban fantasy (if I can use that term to describe a country story). I found I needed breaks after a few chapters, so suspenseful was the experience for me. It's not necessarily horrifying or frightening, but the level of anxiety that the characters were undergoing expressed itself to me as reader. The evil was sometimes over the top evil, again in a fairy tale way, and the actions and reactions didn't necessarily make sense, but one doesn't look for normal everyday reactions in such a surreal dark fantasy. The message of good triumphing over evil, while not particularly heavy handed, is rather painfully obvious, which was off-putting at times.<br /><br />I wasn't fully satisfied with the ending, with the particular way that good triumphed evil. It just didn't fit the build up and felt a bit forced, as if Mr. Bradbury didn't have the ended planned out and had to come up with one in a hurry. While still surreal, and still requiring serious decisions by the characters, it fell too neatly into place and at the same time left several unresolved issues.<br /><br />Despite any complaints I have, it is certainly a good read, and I can see it's influence on many other authors I read, but it's not as strong of a book as is, say Fahrenheit 451od triumphed evil. It just didn't fit the build up and felt a bit forced, as if Mr. Bradbury didn't have the ended planned out and had to come up with one in a hurry. While still surreal, and still requiring serious decisions by the characters, it fell too neatly into place and at the same time left several unresolved issues.    Despite any complaints I have, it is certainly a good read, and I can see it's influence on many other authors I read, but it's not as strong of a book as is, say Fahrenheit 451
B002IITP5I|3.0|Just keep in mind that the digital copy included expired in July of 2010...I bought this for the digital copy to put on my PSP... :/
B001IBIHQ4|3.0|Does a good job on covering the Books Helmet For My Pillow and With the Old Breed.  I recommend reading both before or after watching this series.  Great story about 3 Marines during World War Two.  One tells of the Medal of Honor recipient Gunny Basilone and his life, Leckies experience and finally Eugene Sledges experience during the war in the pacific.  Sledges was more detailed just like the book.  Great series and as good as Band of Brothers. This one was a bit more gory than Band of Brothers though I must say. Good acting, good stories on 3 different Marines.  Sledges part in the series is my favorite.  His outfit were in the thick of it all.  Nice to see a different theater of war and what the Marines had to go through in World War 2.  The beach scenes were good cause you see them leave the ships and then land on the beaches.  Not as gory as Saving Private Ryan but still good scenes.  I would like for Hollywood to start doing these types of mini series on The Forgotten War aka The Korean War.  Those veterans of the Korean War deserve their story to be told just like World War 2 and the Vietnam War has been told over and over.  Oh and make a mini-series on the First World War too for a change.  The public needs to know what happened there the first time as well.
030746363X|5.0|I absolutely love Tim Ferriss's writing style. The book is so thorough, but easy to \\"digest\\". Though it's as big as an encyclopedia you're drawn to read it in one sitting because it's just that good. I immediately starting implementing his weight loss tips and saw and felt results within days.
0385523904|5.0|One of the few non-fiction books that I just absolutely could not put down. Shocking, true accounts of people living under a hellish regime that gets hardly any publicity. I had no idea there was a famine that killed 2 million people less than 20 years ago. Totally eye-opening. This book made me happy (the love stories), sad, frustrated, angry, but most of all made me appreciate being able to eat whenever I want and think for myself.
0981951252|4.0|I'm very happy with the content, it is excellent. I was disappointed when the CD package arrived, most of the plastic spacers inside the CD program box were broken and the discs were sliding around.
B003YFJ5U4|5.0|This is a great book without reservations . The author has done a very good job in describing the mains and the breaks in the establishment of quantum physics and quantum mechanics. The narrative is outstanding, covering thoughtfully an extraordinary discovery thread while providing a very enjoyable reading of the intertwine of the scientists involved, their personal lives, their historical experiences and their key contributions to the atomic physics developments early in the last century. The book has the mettle to become a classical and can be strongly recommended to anyone interested in the subject matter.
B000W1V5VU|1.0|I got this for someone for a Christmas present.  It arrived, open, with no factory seals.  I asked for them to reship it, and the second one arrived today, open, no factory seals.  Once might be an accident, but twice I have to ask what is Amazon doing here?  Based on the other reviews complaining about poor quality, did they just get a load of pirated dvds or what?  You'd think even the pirates would bother to try to make them look NEW.
B00007GZQI|2.0|I saw this in about 1969, a time of \\"awakening\\" to ideas, but now it seems just odd, off-the-wall, campy. The premise isn't dated though, just terribly dry. I guess movies have become so much more clever since then and my tastes have been honed to higher standards. Peter Sellers is as good as in any other movie but Ringo Starr is just 'okay'. Still, where else can you find a movie with them both and I still love the subject of a 'fool and his money'.
030746363X|5.0|Excellent book!    Tim writes in an easy to understand way, taking you step-by-step through easy 'cheats' to the perfect body.    I've been on his slow-carb diet for 2 1/2 weeks now, and finding it great.
B003ZK58WM|5.0|I love the way Ken Follett writes - this is the third book I have read by him and I love the way he tells the story.
030746363X|5.0|First of all, I am only on my third week of utilizing Tim's \\"slo carb diet\\" so it might be a little premature to write this, but the results I have had are pretty cool.  First off, the book itself.  Even if you aren't into working out, eating better, becoming \\"effortlessly superhuman\\", I would recommend the book.  It is an interesting read /  case study on bettering yourself utilizing the 80/20 rule.  I got the book between Christmas and New Year, and immediately after starting it, I decided to implement some of the methodology after the holidays.  I got sick the day after Christmas, and was down for 2 days.  I did not weigh myself or take any measurements prior to that, thinking that I would do that the following weekend, but would implement the eating changes as I felt better.  I estimate that I lost approximately 10 lbs or so that first week, which included whatever was lost due to the flu.  I took my measurements on Sunday while watching football, and weighed myself the following Monday morning immediately after rising.  223 lbs.  I was around 234 weighing myself previously (can't remember when).  Tim says to weight yourself in the morning on your cheat day, prior to eating.  I stuck with the program fairly closely during that week, and when I weighed myself on Saturday, I was 218.  So from Monday a.m. to Saturday, I was down another 5 lbs.  I have been working out during the week as well, utilizing the kettlebell swings, the back stretches for my balky back, and some sport specific exercises for my golf game.  I know I am lighter than I was... and I feel better, and that is enough for me.  If you are interested in becoming effortlessly superhuman,  or if you are interested in reading about self discovery and getting the maximum output for the minimum input, I highly suggest this book.  Nice job Tim!
030746363X|4.0|Very interesting book.  I heard the abridged audio version which took (ironically) four hours.  Left me wanting more but definitely worth the time.  Covers diet, exercise, weight loss supplements, sleep issues and sexual satisfaction for women.
030746363X|5.0|This book is awesome.     The topics are so deep and complex that it's impossible for the author to answer every question a reader might have, but Tim gives all the necessary info to become a master of self experimentation as a path to personal physical excellence.     Whatever you think you know about diet, exercise, nutrition... probably not accurate. Stop whatever you are doing in those areas and read this book. Do so with an open mind and a willingness to grow and you will get past those lingering, frustrating, mediocre results.    Norman
030746363X|4.0|I have been a huge fan of Tim Ferriss for years (since he wrote The 4-Hour Work Week), so this may be a little biased.  Tim's whole approach to life is cutting out all the unnecessary BS.  He takes a look at the way we typically get things done and determines if there is a more effective or efficient way.    Some great take-aways from the book for me are that \\"everything popular is wrong.\\" and that we really only need to \\"do as little as is necessary, not as much as possible.\\"  This is analogous of our 'more is better' mentality.  We spend so much energy trying to burn fat, build muscle, manage time, and create wealth--most of which is just wasted.
B0025KVLTW|5.0|Failing star is absolutely correct - MMT was John's fav because it \\"was so weird,\\" as John stated. John's `Strawberry Fields Forever' no doubt had some influence in his personal decision and pronouncement.     Not only is `Strawberry Fields Forever' my individual choice for best Beatle song ever, but my pick of unprecedented pop/rock song of all time, making MMT my top selection of rock albums by the Beatles or any other artist(s) for that matter. I've never grown tired from repeated listening. The refined arrangements still come at me with haunting imagery full of color, surprises and wonderment.     From the so-called 'Paul is dead' theory symbolism throughout (album cover `clues' and song lyrics proliferate) right down to the splendid song craft and performances, you just can't beat the hip aspect of this glorious objet d' art. There is nothing in the history of rock music or alternative (however one wants to label their music - the Beatles were `alternative' long before the word's meaning was ever used to define the genre) that can come close to their works, with the exception of their other masterpieces (i.e. A Hard Day's Night, HELP!, Rubber Soul, Revolver, etc.)     These guys are and will ALWAYS remain in a league all their own. This was simply magic that captivated the entire world. No wonder it's called Magical Mystery Tour! No wonder John loved it!
B00133KFGW|5.0|August Rush is an excellent storyline which is quite insightful in the search for one's identity and finding your parents.  I thoroughly enjoyed it, as a matter of fact I bought 2 copies; one for myself and another as a Chrsitmas present.
B004132I20|5.0|This series is set in modern times, and is a complete blast! The new Sherlock Holmes character is brilliant, blunt, lonely, a complete sociopath - and IMMENSE fun! He is everything you expect of the character, and more. But what makes THIS series so special is the John Watson character. He is NOT a useless parasite, nor a boring drudge, nor a placid sidekick. This Watson is a modern day Afghan war veteran, and he has the skills and attitude that come with such an experience. He's also a damned good medical doctor, as you might expect with his experience.    The two work together; it's not all Holmes all the time. Both of the characters are interesing and loads of fun! The show plays fair with the clues, and has a marvelous way of visually showing you some of the Holmes' thought processes. This is the best version of the \\"Sherlock Holmes\\" story in decades!!!!    And just WAIT until you meet Moriarty! Heh heh....  :)
B0041QSZJM|5.0|This album is a unique blend of holiday music from various cultures presented with the usual wondrous Pink Martini pizzazz!
B002ZG99A4|4.0|This is a fun movie, a rollicking good action film with most of the action stars from the 1980's and 1990's involved. There are also a couple of the new action stars, like Stratham and Terry Crews. Toss in a couple of MMA types, Jet Li, Dolph Lundgren and....wow! The story is fun and the action is great. There's very little CGI used, so the stunts look real and feel real. Because they ARE real. So real that Sly Stallone had his neck broken in one of the fight scenes. This is no joke, he now has three metal screws permanenetly embedded in his neck.     The reviews were pretty good, but they complained about a \\"love interest\\". Obviously those reviewers did not pay attention to the dialog. Yes, there is dialog in the movie, and some of it is quite a lot of fun! Sly's character starts off the show with a weary soul, and he sees a way of redeeming himself, just a bit, by eventually agreeing to help \\"the girl that refuses to run\\".     A good story, and a GREAT action flick! Enjoy!
B002BFKMAU|4.0|I got this box set for my 3yr old and she loved it.  It came in great condition and it's a movie we love to watch.
B000SEGMAU|1.0|It was shallow/insipid.  It was a puff piece for Mitch Albom.  Morrie probably deserved better but I couldn't prove that from the book.
030746363X|5.0|Simple, Intelligent, and to the point. Tim knows what he's talking about and doesn't just allow you to take his word for it, he proves it to you. A must have book.
0312600844|1.0|I was excited when Freedom:  A Novel hit the bookshelves, because I'd read The Corrections and loved it.  What a disappointment it was to discover Franzen's new novel bored me to death within the first 50 pages.  I thought I'd missed something--maybe I was reading too quickly and had overlooked some exposition or relevant details--so I went back to the first page and attentively reread those pages.  I eventually finished the book, but doing so was a struggle.  Some of the characters were unbeliveable and the plot was boring.  I expected a \\"wordy\\" book, something colorful and rich like a tapestry, but I never thought Freedom:  A Novel would be word soup, soup that I wanted to dump into the sink, never to be seen again.
B000AO4NJA|5.0|packing okay. case etc ok.  But Sam Cooke is beautiful music to the ears.  I have bought this same cd 3-4 time cuz i keep wearing it out or else put one in the car and one in the house.
B003YFIUW8|2.0|The story, told from the persective of a child about a prisoner with skewed perspectives of her own is pulled from modern headlines - and only made interesting by the use of the child as a narrator. However by the time I was 5% into the story, I knew where it was going and I knew that I was not only bored stiff, but also creeped out.  This is only made worse by the fact that this is the most overpriced ebook ever (by about $12.). Just watch the news instead.
030746363X|5.0|I picked up Tim's book a few weeks ago and spent some time reading through relevant chapters, getting a plan in place and picking up necessary materials.  I figured I'd start with the weight loss before I moved on to building muscle and am incredibly pleased with the early results.    Tim writes about exactly what worked for him, but there's no reason not to adjust this to your tastes and needs.  In fact, Tim covers many modifications in the book itself.    I'm looking forward to the next many months as I try different sections of the book.  The list of goals is constantly growing from just \\"lose weight\\" and moving on to gaining muscle, joining a sports league, running a 1/2 marathon and any number of other events.
030746363X|4.0|This is well worth the read..even if you just focused on a single topic such as the slow carb diet.  The minimalistic yet results oriented focus resounded with me. The slow carb diet is not rocket science...yet it's simplicity will have you dropping pounds and feeling great before you miss your toast and potatoes.  Read a section at a time, as instructed, then put it into practice and experiment - you will see results!  I can personally vouch for the swimming and running techniques (TI and Pose). I have used both for years to completely change and dramatically improve my technique and racing performance.  Each topic/section of this book, with all of the online supplemental resources, is worth the price of the book itself.
B001UHOWXI|5.0|Blu-ray version is 2 disc. I was unaware of this. One disc is the colored version and one is B&W, both look amazing.
B0002S947K|5.0|If you don't really know the guy but have heard a track or 2, like Trouble or Jolene, don't hesitate buy it.
030746363X|5.0|As a long time fan of the Four Hour Work Week, I anxiously awaited the market date for this book.  It's style is classic Ferriss.  I've spent years testing my diet and habits to promote a healthy life, so a lot of the stuff in the book just reinforces what I already know.  However, in classic Ferriss style, it also stretches your boundaries in ways you never imagined.  I have loved this book and my entire family has implemented changes from it.  It has inspired us to do better for ourselves.  Even my seven year old has picked up on the vibes, she's determined to build up the stamina she needs to do a waterfall hike she's been dreaming about.    Definitely worth the meager price, I will be reading and rereading from it for many days to come.
030746363X|5.0|I became interested in this book after being turned onto Tim Ferris's blog by a good friend.  While cautious at first, I was inspired by his questioning of many of the cornerstones of modern fitness/diets that I had always be cautious of, such as calories lost = calories in - burned calories.      This book is fantastic.  Even if you disagree with some of his recommendations, his ethos of \\"measure, test, measure, test\\" should be the mantra of all the fitness inclined.  I haven't finished reading his book, but have followed his suggestion - read the sections appropriate to your goals and focus on those.  I began with the sections on diet and bulking up, and even after only a week, I'm seeing a difference.      I can't claim his suggestions work for everyone, but this book is a good read for everyone, if for no other reason, than to learn to question everything that you take for granted regarding health, and approach it with a scientific mind.
B00192IV9U|4.0|90% of the somgs on cd are excellent for Michael not approving of this music.  I would highly recommend this cd to fnas and not fans everywhere.
B003UESJJC|4.0|I purchased this item as a gift so I cannot accurately give a review for the movie itself but I will say that the shipping was lightning fast and the price was VERY reasonable. Thanks Amazon!
B003Y3BMFW|5.0|At the time i heard from the album Telephantasm and the different editions of releasing, i was wary..  But I had to refresh my opinion, because from the time i received this super deluxe special edition i was fascinated. I knew all the songs before, but i've never seen a live DVD from Soundgarden. I swear thats great, you feel just like grunge still exists and you're in the middle of this. Furthermore I can't describe the great feeling you get by playing a Vinyl from Soundgarden - So you just have to try it by yourself!
030746363X|5.0|Full disclosure - I was already a Tim Ferriss fan from his first book.  I had read The 4-Hour Workweek about a month before this book came out and was starting to implement some of its portions in my life.  The first book was motivating for me, so I bought this one hoping to get a jump start on a little body improvement.    I've been following the diet for 2 weeks and have lost 10 pounds from it (from 196 to 186).  More importantly, I feel better.  I've got more energy, and a trick knee isn't acting up like it used to (losing that extra weight probably helped).  My wife also commented that I've lost some weight, so that's a great reinforcement.  The concept I like the most from the book is that you don't need a ton of self-control if you're getting quick results.  I've found that to be true.  It's easy to stick to the plan when I'm seeing visible changes.  I've seen reviews comparing Tim's recommendations to Paleo or other diets.  I don't really follow this genre.  I just know that Tim's writing style is motivating for me personally, and it's helped me make a good change in my life.  Thanks Tim!
B003V4AK8E|5.0|I love this controller I've been waiting for a really nice rechargeable, wireless, aftermarket,  controller and this one hits the nail on the head, now before you look too far into this review I don't play anything online and I rarely play shooters so as for all you shooter game fans out there this review might not be for you. The controller has a great grip to it and everything is spaced well very similar to 360 style, the only complaint I have is there were a few times there was something between me and the dongle plugged in to the ps3 and I lost signal, however it was only brief and it connected right away!!!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Pretty much the best show ever. I've watched it twice and love it. Unfortunately, the special features are really short.
B000A1SZ2Y|5.0|I am extremely happy with this product and the quality it gives. This has taken my perspective of macro photography into new dimension itself. You can check the example shots taken using this attached to my Canon 90-300mm f/5.6 USM lens here on the link. ([...] )
1400052173|5.0|Hello    This was a terrific book to read. It shows a lot about research. It is amazing that after all these years.... people do not know about this tremendous story.    Luis Sousa
030746363X|5.0|I am a person who hates self help, diet, exercise, and weight loss books - can't stand the things. But Tim's book has quickly become my bible, I can't put it down. His theories are so interesting, backed with a lot of personal experience and data and he's down to earth without being dry and boring and he lacks that \\"better than thou\\" approach that most books of this genre do. The book is personal and can be customized to fit your needs, he flat out tells you that you don't need to read the entire book and to feel free to skip around. It's a create your own you book much like the create your own adventure books we read as children. Great job Tim!
B004B8DH98|1.0|If you like movies about nothing with no point, or watching clooney speak about 10 words despite him being in every scene, have a blast.  This movie is worthless.
B003TSEL7S|4.0|Don't mistake me, Rick Riordan's novels were usually a good read if not well written but lets admit that it was getting monotonous and not to mention predictable plots. But this book radically departs from that precedence. It has some interesting surprise-surprise elements, which anyway was easy to guess in the middle of the novel. And I bet next novel would probably have very similar plot. But then you can only do so much with characters that are almost 7 books old (that's for another post). Overall, this book was a good read and I enjoyed it for most part, except for the less than exciting ending. But he is getting better and better.
0060594896|5.0|I have no many comments to do, just that the book helped me a lot to live a life more productive, efficient and, consequently, happier.<br /><br />Definitely, I strongly recommend that book.<br /><br />All the best.<br /><br />Luiz Augusto<br />Brazil
B002N5N5QQ|5.0|very well written, the music and characters are great. I loved it. Some sex alot of violence and language. But y'all knew that.
0061537969|5.0|I absolutely loved this book.  Enzo is a lovable narrator who tells the story from a very unique perspective.  Because he is a dog, the story is told with a sense of empathy that I don't feel would have been captured had the narrator been Denny or Zoe.  The book does have some very sad parts, but at the end of it all, I was left with a genuine sense of closure and completeness that allowed me to look ahead and feel good about the book I had just read.
B0045ODPKY|4.0|Many other reviews give-away the plot.     Is Angelina Jolie a loyal CIA-agent, a Russian-spy, or something else? How will the Russians accomplish their plan to kill the President; or do the Russians have a bigger plan?     The Russians have trained people to be spies since childhood, and when older, planted them in the U.S. as long-term moles; educated them in Ivy-league-schools; and assigned them to work their way up to positions of opportunity in the U.S. government. The moles have waited until this appointed day and mission.     I rented the theatrical-version on Amazon's Video-On-Demand.    If you think about this movie too much, the believability begins to unravel; but it works well as fast-paced, diversion at a glance.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have only done the first day of the level one workout but she made me work my ass off.  You really get your heart rate up.  Keep in mind I am slightly overweight and not physically fit (anymore) I used 5lb weights and was able to get through the workout.  :)
B00004R997|2.0|I bought this for the bonus-feature, real-life, travelogue of Walt and his artists in South America. It was about a 30-minute travelogue. It is OK, but I was disappointed, because Walt is shown only a few times, and does not talk, and his artists do not talk. If money is no object; South America of that era-gone-by is beautiful. It is too bad South America is not that way anymore. There are some interesting things; and you get a little humor at the end with a candid shot of Walt and the Disney smile.    Skimming the cartoon, the main feature did not look so great. For a cartoon; I would choose \\"Chip N' Dale\\", or Mickey Mouse in \\"Mickey's Trailer\\" within \\"Classic Cartoon Favorites, Vol. 7 - Extreme Adventure Fun\\".    Walt's real-life trip took place during the strike at the Studio back home. Walt was hurt by the strike, and was on vacation to recover; not to make a great film; but the bonus-feature is OK.
0743270754|1.0|The author of this book really just plays to modern definitions of political correctness without any original insight or sources. Most of what is in her book can be gotten from other sources.  Moreover, it is essentially a superficial treatment of Lincoln. There are better books than this one.
030746363X|5.0|I devoured the book in under 72 hours. I am still skeptical, it really goes against alot of the things I know but I have been giving Tim the benefit of the doubt and trying some of his muscle building ideas. I have to say they seem to be working. Give it another two weeks at this rate and I'll be the biggest I have ever been!
B001EYU1VO|5.0|The joy stick provided came boxed as the MadCatz Cyborg F.L.Y. 5 Flight Stick, which is apparently the same device as the Saitek PS38 Cyborg X Stick.  All of the functions and switches work great with my Mac and X-Plane.  The the thumb-wheel under the hat switch is great for adjusting trim.
B000Y1ZXUM|5.0|I have pretty much every bluray concert out there. This one is right up the top of the list. Not only is it a incredible concert and a great performance by Shakira, but the sound quality on the 5.1 track is incredible, whoever mixed this disc really knows their stuff.    Can't recommend this enough. I've watched it countless times and it's made me buy a whole heap of other Shakira stuff, she's a incredible performer.
1596912863|5.0|Absolutely wonderfull book.  I will read it over and over.  It makes me giggle.  This particular book has book club questions too, I liked that about it.
B0023AO5JC|5.0|This is what I consider to be the epitome of the cutting-edge film genre for many reasons. Case in point: it was banned by the Nazis and then portions were used in propaganda films. I read that the director (Fritz Lang) fled Germany the day he was offered a role in the Nazi film industry (my guess is that his brilliance was too impressive to be ignored and subsequently needed to be manipulated, threatened and controlled). But what I consider most awe-inspiring is the brave, outspoken statement about a terrifying, sensitive and all too common threat - which he dramatically exposed in a very public way. This film was one of the important ground-breaking moments in cinema history.    It blows my mind that this was released in 1931. The story is emotionally and politically charged with subject matter that is all too current in the daily news. The term \\"serial killer\\" is a common phrase today, but that wasn't the case before we had access to national and world events soon after after they occur.     I think about the many times I've heard my parents and grandparents say, \\"it used to be safe to let your kids out of your sight\\" or \\"we played outside all day ... but we had to be home for dinner ... and after that, before dark.\\" A very important message still rings true: we must watch out for others and protect them from predators - who often present themselves in non-threatening forms and then take advantage of the naivety and innocence of their victims. That is true of so many crimes that are committed - an opportunity is seized by an individual with who sees an easy target for their harmful intentions.    It's a tragic reality that there are incredibly sick individuals who manage to blend into society long enough to commit deplorable acts before they're (hopefully) caught. This story also delves into the dilemma of attempting to determine whether or not a person is fully responsible for their actions when they are obviously mentally ill. It especially becomes a controversial subject when we're given the opportunity to see that a person who appears to be \\"evil incarnate\\" seems psychologically incapable of understanding right from wrong.
B000PDYVVG|3.0|We all go on a journey in life, and Gilbert's journey reminded me of my own. I really enjoyed the humor and the writing style (except for moments when I felt like I was reading Cosmo); and I think her premise is clever. Hedonism versus Spiritualism and then bringing all back to living in day-to-day life. However, what I didn't enjoy was the sudden turnabout and epiphany at the end. It seemed contrived and I felt as if I were being deceived just so she could end on a high note. And having traveled a lot myself, I know that the real journey begins when you return home. I would recommend this book to women that are reevaluating their lives, but I would recommend it more for the inspirational journey than the writing quality.
B0043GAZYS|5.0|I wasn't thrilled about the trailer, i didn't think the story would be this good, but this is absolutely one of the best movies of the year and it should not be missed.  This is not for just video game fanatics, teenagers (I'm neither), it is a great classic romantic story that is so stylized in every way that the look and feel is so original.  Do not think this movie is for you, that was my mistake, i had just read the reviews and again did not expect this to be as brilliant as it turned out to be.
B000FBJAOG|4.0|I am now prepared for the zombie apocalypse. If it should come (and I know it will), I will have this book in one hand and a M1 Carbine Rifle in the other. Great book if you want to be ready.
B000O599ZS|5.0|If you liked John Wayne in \\"True Grit\\", you will love him in \\"The Searchers\\". He is maniacal and raging throughout. Still angry with the wars outcome (He was a Confederate soldier), he comes home and finds a new enemy when his relatives are slaughtered and/or kidnapped. Natalie Woods is a bit too good looking as the teenaged kidnapped girl, Debbie. Interestingly, the pre-kidnapping Debbie is played by her younger sister, Lana. Definitely not a PC movie. The Commanches are shown as pure evil. But mainly it is the leader, Scar, who is the real bad guy although the Duke is rather bad at times as well.
B0018SY4OQ|5.0|I picked this book up from our local library to read to my 3 year old daughter. I didnt know what the book was about. I was surprised but happy to read the story of Roy and Silo. This summer my husband and I plan on taking our daughter to Central Park Zoo to see these wonderful penguins first hand!!!!
0375842209|5.0|This is one of the best books I've read in some time. I got the Kindle version, and ended up using the highlight feature a lot.<br /><br />The prose is heartrendingly, terribly gorgeous. Such perfect words to describe such horrible events; I can't stop thinking about this book. I realized going in that it was probably a tearjerker, and it certainly is that.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|That is the only question you need to ask yourself, if you have the DVD version.    Me, I love Star Wars to the point that I would buy the title just to have it.  That's the honest truth.  I couldn't bear being left out and not having seen the 'latest blu-ray version' and still call myself a fan of the series.    But that's just me.  I'm sure there are far more practical fans out there who would only buy this if it had any extras on it that weren't seen before.  Just like how you justify buying a new digital camera with new features even if your current one has tons of features you will never use.    DVD's upscaled with a competent player to play on HD will be more than enough for today's large screen TVs and will not justify spending another $100 just to ooh and ahh over smoother lines.  It's not like princess Leah was wearing something see-through a la Monica Bellucci in Matrix, that will enhance viewing pleasure.    And what other supplements could have been added to that of the DVD series?  A lesson in upscaling and a documentary on how to transfer things from DVD to bluray?  Wow, that will shed new light on the Star Wars universe, won't it?    No, in the end this series is just a test of how big a fan you are in terms of willingness to spend and collect.  I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm one of those who will, and really, nobody else should be either.  I am giddy already of this box sitting next to my original trilogy DVD box and making me feel rich and content just staring at it.
0307460444|5.0|This is a great book with plenty of ideas that are doable. Beautiful full page pictures of finished products.  It also has patterns to copy and use as cupcake toppers.
B00000F7MS|5.0|I was very pleased. I ordered this video for my son, and since he is only 2, we prefer to get him VHS instead of DVD's since he tends to scratch them. The case looked brand new, even though I bought it used.   Thanks!
B003EYVXTG|3.0|Was filmed very close to us and really wanted to see it...moved kind'va slow but think it really had to because of the story.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|I absolutely love this show. I would recommend it to everyone young and old. There is humor to fit all audiences.
B004BC7MRM|5.0|Every song.. this cd has it all.. Even Kid Rock with a falsetto voice. LOVE IT !! what it means to me; in cd order 1. As he says 2. put it out there, quit trying so hard.. no high maintenance relationships 3. our political and religious system as it stands presently, and being unwilling victims or participants thereof. 4. A soldier coming home for short stay. (purple mountains majesty) 5. the death of someone you love and how you felt when you found out, and how you feel each day 6. the workin' mans anthem acknowledging sunday worship 7. follow up to Picture -the aftermath 8. runnin wild, and realizing it was all just simply the best, where your at. 9. Detroit, Dayton, America; it hurts, it's hard, we'll survive 10. relationship's over, move on 11. live music & friends 12. a new 'right' love   Trace Atkins background on 11; Bob Seger on Piano on 07 & Sheryl on vocals; Zac Brown Band on 08 - good stuff.. this is the most mainstream of all of his cd's.  And it's darn good. You can't teach tall, you can't sell short -and you can't buy cool ! The cd is mostly ballads.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|Everyone's seen the reviews, but since there is a Trek marathon on Sci-Fi channel today that included II and III, I decided to pop this one in afterwards. I was reminded what an incredible job Abrams did. He basically says to the viewer, \\"Here it is, it's f'ing awesome, and I know it is. Enjoy\\".     Beautiful cinematography (Abrams has said he focused on lighting in particular to create the feeling of actually being in the action) combined with just about as flawless of a story that was possible make this great as a stand alone movie or fuel for the casual or die hard Trek fan.
B0000DJZ8R|4.0|I was very pleased with this purchase. It was delivered in a timely fashion and the dvd quality was amazing bc my brother and i watched the dvd over holiday break!
B00127RAJY|5.0|I tried this DVd and I saw real results.  thanks Jillian!!    At the begining it was a little hard because I was out of shape, but after one week I started getting on track with the excersice, and somehow, it also made me more aware of the food and calories intake.  I recommend this DVD! If you are starting, do it slowly, no pressure and use any wrist and knee wraps if you need it.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I ordered this shortly before Christmas and received it in three days.  It was in excellent condition.  I was very happy with the service I received and would highly recommend this seller.
B00418NXBK|5.0|Coming off the great suuccess of Only by the Night, Kings of Leon continue there rock & roll genius with Come Around Sundown.  Get the 2 CD Deluxe version because \\"Celebration\\" is a masterpiece of rock music.  Some people have referred to Come Around Sundown as \\"beachy\\", and some of it is.  If you love Only by the Night and Because of the Times, you'll love this new album.
B00004U2GH|5.0|I ordered this a few days before Christmas and it was here in three days and was in perfect condition.  The person who received this item as a gift LOVES IT and said it hasn't been out of his CD player since he got it.
B002ZG98UA|4.0|First off, this film isn't mind food or anything deeply contemplative.  It always surprises me when professional film critics can't figure this out.  I mean, c'mon, a film titled \\"Resident Evil\\" will have a certain mechanic about it.  It doesn't exist to be more than what it is billed as---a fun, popcorn pseudo-videogame film specifically aimed at Resident Evil fans, but also wholly accessible for those who are uninitiated and want to jump aboard for the ride.  (Though with that said, the film doesn't give backstories on the primary bad guys.  To a small degree, it does expect you to do some outside homework if you're not familiar with the games but want to know the full story on why Albert Wesker, for instance, is an important character instead of just another Umbrella suit.)  So if you're looking for a deeper meaning behind things, an Oscar winning performance, or want to take it apart to look for the hidden \\"zeitgeist\\" you'll be disappointed.  But if you're looking for a solid survival horror with many surprising layers, then this film might be for you.<br /><br />For me, what struck me immediately was an evolution and an almost restarting of the mythology.  Many conventions in-fiction were reconstructed and removed in order for the characters to grow, but surprisingly, there were also changes made in-reality that added a whole new depth to this film.<br /><br />There is layered duality present here that is uncanny.  (Outside of the obvious comparison between 2D and 3D.)  On one hand we have the standard zombie/monster action/horror scenes.  But on the other hand, we have very striking contrasts that almost seems like a indie arthouse film versus a more mainstream production, as well as a battling aesthetic match between the modern and the vintage.<br /><br />For example, in the beginning we have a closeup of rain falling on a very nice pair of legs that looks like it's from a high-fashion hosiery or shoe commercial, but then seconds later we have a brutal zombieattack.  And this conceit continues throughout the film: While there are cluttered city blocks filled with ragged and filthy undead, we also have beautiful and pristine panoramic views gliding over expansive Alaskan landscapes.  While we have ultra-modern weapons like .50 caliber sniper rifles, automatic pistols, and assault rifles, we also have revolvers, antiquated shotguns, and katana blades.  While we have cutting edge computers and thermobaric plasma implosion bombs, we also have torches and an almost medieval siege on a prison that looks like a castle.  We even have some characters with vintage styled clothes flying vintage prop aircraft, yet we also have characters with very modern and synthetic combat suits flying Very Near Future looking tilt-rotor aircraft.<br /><br />It's a very strange mixture, and almost oxymoronic in the contrast.  But somehow Paul W.S. Anderson and his creative team pulls it off.<br /><br />What's great about this world is, it's extremely developed.  Although it is self-contained and removed from the regular Resident Evil game canon, it never-the-less has created its own credible \\"tangent reality\\" that has evolved from a meme of the microcosm, to the entirety of a parallel universe that's very well realized.  So much so, in fact, that it has formed its own unique mythology that is just as strong as the core material it's based on.  This film reinvents itself, and it takes us to a whole new level.  That's unusually rare in franchise-based films, especially videogame ones.  It is also a rarity that these films keep getting better and better with each new offering.  I think a great deal of this, is due to the characters.<br /><br />Casting and characterization were well executed, both in the principle cast and the proverbial cannon fodder.<br /><br />As for the \\"guest stars\\", Kim Coates' character was written a little cliched as the 'Jerk Survivor', but he played his role admirably.  It also worked for me on a personal level, because anacquaintance of mine acts in the same egotistical, self-important style, even though he's perhaps the most unimportant person in my social group.  Boris Kodjoe plays a great warrior/survivor, and Kacey Barnfield, Sergio Peris-Mencheta, Fulvio Cecerem, and Norman Yeung are also competent in their roles.  Yeung's character; Kim Yong, is one of the weaker developed character, but at least it gives us an Asian character on screen; which represents my racial grouping, so that was nice on a personal level.<br /><br />As for the principle cast, with the exception of Wesker, all the prior established characters have the same actors back to reprise their roles.  Once again Ali Later nails her Claire Redfield persona by having a greater (and more physical) role this time around, and Wentworth Miller plays a worthy Chris Redfield.  Even Spencer Locke reprises her role as K-Mart, though she has very little screen time.  As stated, the only real change-up was Shawn Roberts replacing Jason O'Mara as Wesker.  Normally I dislike this as it breaches continuity, but here it was a vast improvement because Roberts channels Wesker perfectly.  (That, and Wesker's role in 'Extinction' was very minor compared to 'Afterlife', so this change can be overlooked.)<br /><br />Of course, I can't forget about the star of the film, beautiful Milla.  Milla is a cat in human form.  She is sleek, lithe, and her movements are very precise and very predatory.  But this time around, we get a new take on Alice that's both refreshing and rewarding.  Gone are her \\"superpowers\\", so in her unguarded moments alone, we can almost sense a rebirth of innocence mixed in with a newfound vulnerability.  No, she doesn't lose her combat prowess, fighting skills, or bravado (when with companions), she just loses all the extra enhancements that made her more a superhero X-Man, less a realistic [highly skilled] outbreak survivor.  But now that she's reset back to her \\"normal\\" self, she doesn't have the advantage of speed, psionics, or fast healing she once had, so the dangers around her become more credible and threatening.<br /><br />Speaking of threatening, this time our monsters and villains are pulled from the excellent 'Resident Evil 5' game.  The main zombies, dogs, and mutants are the Majini-type (in all facets), but there are also the running themes of self-doubt, isolation, and vulnerability.  So while things are indeed geared towards a monster movie, we also have the innate human-centric condition that reinforces and attacks our characters more-so than any of the prior films.<br /><br />The production designs be it digital or physical, were great.  Some things that I thought were real (Alice's plane in flight) were CGI, and some things that I thought were CGI (Arcadia freighter) were real---but all in good ways, as it illustrated a successful blending of the tangible and imaginary into a near seamless fabric on screen.<br /><br />I was also really impressed with the costume design.  Chris' was pretty faithful in terms of his gear and signature blade, and Wesker's and the Executioner Majini's were near dead-on.  But it was Milla's that really sold me.  Walk up to anyone and ask how a corset [and later web gear] worn over a black catsuit; and gray legwarmers under knee-high boots would look, and they'd probably think of some 80's throwback.  But not here.  Milla's outfit was strikingly elegant, and there was a very deliberate and classy vintage feel about her that radiated an almost timeless beauty---especially when we first see her debark from her aircraft and she's dressed in a long gray coat over her outfit.  That, and her slightly shorter haircut compared to her clones, almost looked like she was supposed to be projecting an Amelia Earhart persona.<br /><br />Moving on, sure, 'Afterlife' had it's flaws.  All films do.  The most glaring one for me, was the reunion of Chris and Claire.  Given the sheer distance between Alaska and California, the two Redfields finding each other was far beyond plausible coincidence and somewhat hokey, but I give it a pass because although the reunion between Claire and Chris in the 'Code Veronica' game was a bit different, at heart it was just as cheesy.  My only other potential gripe, would be how Alice survived the Osprey crash in the very beginning of the film after her T-Virus cells were neutralized.  But that could easily be explained as some mutated cells were still alive when the crash occurred, and they were enough to heal her or keep her alive until they became inert.  There were a couple other minor things, but they aren't worth mentioning...<br /><br />Overall, you should be able to tell if this film is something you want to buy or not.  After all, no one knows you, the consumer, better than you.  For me, it was very worthy of a purchase, and I articulated why I thought this was the best of the series thus far.  Maybe that will carry some weight in your decision, maybe not.  But for me, it worked on almost all levels, and I was able to suspend my disbelief and have a good time for almost two hours.  If you like cool monsters, constant action and gunplay, post apocalyptic locales, and kick-ass tough guys and beautiful women with guns, then this film should work for you.<br /><br />Obviously the impressive 3D version would greatly enhance this film, but its translation to 2D works just fine for the casual viewer.<br /><br />I do have one more thing I'd like to mention.  If you buy the film, watch the credits, as there is a second surprise ending about two minutes into it.<br /><br />My review ends here, but I do want to mention the ending spoiler because I think it's important.  So stop reading NOW if you are done with the review and don't want to know the second ending.<br /><br />If you don't mind the SPOILER, continue reading.<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br /><br />Obviously the film ends with a cliffhanger ending, but the second surprise ending with Sienna Guillory reprising her role as Jill Valentine really blew me away.  Out of courtesy, I always watch the credits of movies I see.  Well, when I was in the theater watching the ending credits of this film, I saw Guillory's name, but it confused me because I didn't remember seeing her.  I kept wracking my brain trying to figure out if I missed a flashback scene, but then I simply chalked it up as a mistake on the part of the film---perhaps a flashback that was cut out, but not corrected in the credits.  Well, about a minute later, we see her appearance, and to me, it was fantastic!  Probably the highlight of the movie.  Not only was it great to see her again (I had always wondered why Jill/Sienna wasn't in the last film, and I missd her), but Anderson also kept her current by modeling her after brainwashed \\"evil\\" Jill from 'Resident Evil 5'.  What was even better, was, the brilliant costume.  Remember when I said the costume designs were great?  Jill's skintight and slinky combat suit was pulled off wonderfully.  The style is a little different from the game, but it's a brilliant translation into real life, and Sienna looks absolutely stunning in it.  Remember when I said Milla was a cat in human form?  So is Sienna, but she's the proverbial bad kitty.  She perfectly pulls of the sex kitten look with the feline walk, posture, and slight smirk as she looks at us, yet she also carries herself in confident manner that exudes the aura and demeanor of a deadly assassin.  She is a perfectly stylized counter to Milla and Ali, and with a set up like this, I'm really looking forward to see what comes next.  Hopefully we won't have to wait too long for the next installment.<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />End of Spoiler.<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-<br />-
B000O77SRC|5.0|I got this for my husband's stocking, since it's a Christmas movie!?  He LOVED it!  We watched it Christmas night, and I'm sure it will be added to the list of \\"normal\\" Christmas movies we watch each year during December such as Elf, Miracle on 34rd Street, It's a Wonderful Life, and Christmas Vacation.
B00005QBUK|5.0|I have tried using the earbuds, and they are not comfortable, and do not stay in my ear - they fall out.  I next tried the around the earlobe type, and they are OK but they sometimes felt like they were going to fall out of my ear (tho they did not) and the sound quality suffered.  I have found these to be most comfortable (forget they are in-place) - they go over your head and the ends into your ear, without feeling pressure from them.  The sound quality is wonderful, and they are inexpensive.  I am a casual listener of music on my laptop while I surf.
B0036EH40Q|5.0|This is the kind of movie Blu-Ray was made for!  Beautiful cinematography of gorgeous Arizona locations!  Big sky for miles and miles!  Breathtaking sunsets! Or are they sunrises, hell, I don't know.    Oh, the acting and writing are pretty good too.  Val Kilmer was never better.  If Kurt Russel was ever better, I missed the movie.  I think a very underrated performance is Michael Biehn's as the haunted Johnny Ringo.  I also really enjoyed Stephen Lang as Ike Clanton, you can almost smell him!      There's also a ton of memorable dialouge and quoteable one-liners in this very well-written film.  It's a treat for any lover of the Western genre.
030746363X|5.0|I lost 10 Pounds and 9 inches in 8 DAYS!  I just fill my Vita Mix with vegetables and let it rip.   Hunger has not been an issue.     I can honestly say this is the easiest AND most effective diet I have ever been on.
B00171AEKW|5.0|This book was purchased for a Christmas present.  The young lady was very happy when she opened it and found the Mein Kampf book.  The look on her face was \\"priceless\\"!
B0049UHKVY|5.0|Context: I really loved the Mercy Falls album.  It invoked similar feelings I had when I first heard Dream Theater's Metropolis SFAM. Yes, the voice acting was absolutely atrocious (Doctor in particular) but the infectious song writing and choruses, along with one of the tightest recordings ever heard made the album great for me.      For this album I was expecting more of the same... great catchy songs, complex arrangements, and one of the greatest singers in rock music period.  Upon first listen, all I heard was complex arrangements, a couple of cheesy lyrical lines, and a 30 minute long song that didn't make much sense to me at first.  After about 10 listens to the album, I'm still not ready to say that I like it more than Mercy Falls, but it is probably equal.  It is a more intense album certainly with longer songs.  A minor critique I have is the 30 minute song, \\"The Great Escape\\" which really should have been broken into separate tracks.  I don't always have 30 minutes to listen to a song and I hate having to fast forward 15 minutes to get to where I left off -if I even remember where I left off.  Other than that, the singer's vocal melodies are almost always catchy and melodic.  The band is extraordinarily tight and are so perfect they sound machine like at times.  The stand out instrument by far is the bass guitarist.  He is phenomenal!  Bass is usually my least favorite aspect to rock music, but this guy just makes every passage as interesting as possible.  Both guitarist and keyboardist have great solos and riffs throughout the 60 minutes.  The guitarist puts musicality and harmony before speed and technicality, though he possesses both in abundance.  There is also alot of diversity within each song... from heavy prog metal riffs, spacey keyboards sounds, piano interludes, acoustic guitar passages... This really is a great album, but just give it time to soak in.  I was slightly disappointed after my first listen, but I'm glad I stuck with it.  Give it a chance!    Edit:  I also figured I'd give some band comparisons... fans of Dream Theater, Symphony X, and Circus Maximus would enjoy this band very much.  Their singer, while having his own distinct sound, does remind me of a cross between a smoother Russell Allen and James Labrie, with heavy jazz and soul influences.  Musically, Seventh Wonder is similar to Circus Maximus, but with more original and better song writing in my opinion.
1427206015|5.0|This book CD was a good buy.  It was funny and a good story.  We buy these to listen to on long road trips. Both my husband and I liked this one.
0061743526|5.0|I bought this book for my son to read. We have watched the movie several times and I had read this as a freshman in HS. As required literature appears to be a thing of the past in our school district, I wanted him to have an opportunity to read and discuss this book.     Simply put, this book is the best piece of American literature because it's story appeals to all ages and still (unfortunately) reverberates in our present culture. If you are looking for a compelling, touching, insightful book for your child (junior high age is best) purchase this book without reservation. If you are not familiar with the story get a second copy for yourself. Do not miss the film with Gregory Peck. It too, is timeless. Happy Reading!!
030746363X|5.0|This book has so much information it's hard to know where to start! I have been combining the diet and the muscle gain (with kettlebellls) for 2 weeks and have lost 5 pounds of fat and gained 3 pounds of muscle as measured using the water tank dunking method. So I am psyched about that! And it's not that hard. The book is concise and easy to follow. Entertaining, actually. Highly recommended.
030746363X|5.0|This book significantly advances the field of athletic research through the use of an unconventional method: self-experimentation. Tim Ferriss tested variables in body composition that scientists are unlikely to test (due to the intrinsic constraints of scientific research as a profession, which is also explained in the book). By doing so, he came to conclusions that, in conjunction with already established principles, combine in synergy to create simple solutions to our greatest fears: fat accumulation and too much email! This book is extremely addicting and fulfilling. It will open your eyes to much more than just fat-loss, like self-actualization.
B003AO1SVS|5.0|Saw The Black Keys with The Morning Benders in Aug 2010, both were amazing!  It has a good balance of soothing and intense sounding songs, which is one of the reasons I enjoyed this album so much.
030746363X|4.0|Tim, Im on the slow carb diet. Trying to settle down on it before i actually get going with the workouts. Not only me, but my sister, my parents, my friends, my colleagues, everyone has got on the diet with me. We want results and so far its looking promising. Keep on challenging the norms!
B000SGGUWS|5.0|I loved this book. Shepard's style of writing left me wanting for more with every turn of the page. The wonderful mix of scandal, gossip, and ugly secrets created a suspense only this book can offer. Though I did notice a sort of redundancy in Shepard's style, it only made it unique and subtly blended in perfectly. Anyone who says this is a waste of money couldn't be more wrong. If you are curious about this book, don't hesitate to buy it!
0811876373|5.0|I really enjoyed going through this book and I was so surprised at how many ideas the author had for cake balls! I'll be trying a few as soon as I get my book back from my daughter-in-law. She's been using it and making some of the recipes.
030746363X|5.0|Tim follows on his remarkable debut work, \\"The Four Hour Workweek\\"[[ASIN:0307465357 The 4-Hour Workweek, Expanded and Updated: Expanded and Updated, With Over 100 New Pages of Cutting-Edge Content.]], which showed how to hack your career to get more out of your life, with this companion volume on how to reshape your body and get the most out of it.  Whether it is fat loss, muscle gain, sleep, sex or supplementation, Tim provides carefully researched and actionable steps you can take to upgrade your life!  I keep a copy of this book and his previous one with me at all times, so I can refer back to it as part of my own journey of self-experimentation and life optimization and I have given both books as gifts.  Get your copies now and start taking control of your life experience!
B0007TKNCY|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen.  It's one of my top ten favorites of all time.  The plot is completely madcap -- insanity really.      It'll leave you wondering what it's like being born on the side of a hill, looking for intercostal clavicals, and borrowing other people's cars.  Have fun!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I loved this book so much. It took me to a different world. I was very upset when I finshed Mockingjay. I needed a book like this and thank Suzanne Collins for suppling it.
B000024E9O|4.0|This copy needs to be in your collection if you are a fan of Genesis.  If not the try the album clip samples on YouTube before buying.  Musically speaking the content is kind of \\"raw\\" and hard to explain. But in a simplistic way I'm confident to say that a remake of this album with today's instruments and technology would be a heavy success to this group. Also its themes are truly rich in ideas to do a picture about it.
B0036TGT3E|5.0|I feel violated by the \\"special\\" edition dvd. I really don't know how many else does but I do, and I am speaking for lots who do. that said, I know disney releases magical movies on both blu-ray and dvd....unless they do other useless crap with them. if anything, the blu-ray should feature both versions of the movie so that audiences have a choice, either get violated by lengthy musical numbers that aren't in what I saw as a kid in theatre and on vhs (however many million times I did) and the dvd should only be the theatrical version being that disney is into the whole combo pack blu-rays. let us hope and pray this isn't some lame ass promotional for a third lion king movie.....because personally I am tired of that kind of thing if the powers that be were only nicer to us
0143116177|4.0|This book is quite topical given the scrutiny that the world of finance is receiving as a result of the recent (current?) crisis. The current consensus seems to be that liberal finance has brought great harm to us economically, however Mr Ferguson shows how the economy had only reached the heights that it did as a result of the financial innovations that have been made out to be the problem. However it is not all happy faces. In laying out how finance has brought about great empires, he also shows how it has also laid them to waste. Mr Ferguson shows how many of what seem to be brilliant strategies can be scams. For example he shows how hedge funds can be run with excellent short term returns, but really be a house of cards. Most of all he shows how finance has been the lubricant of commerce and manufacture and is what allows economies to grow to their maximum potential.     Overall it is more than well worth reading to get some perspective on the role, and value of finance in all economies, ancient and modern. The author pulls no punches when it comes to the pitfalls of laissez-faire finance.
0143036424|4.0|I'm just going to give you my opinion about the book, not a comprehensive review. I liked it. The dialogue was clever and enjoyable, the setting was interesting, and the characters unique. I'm on a streak of reading mysteries, and this one ranks right up with CJ Box's Joe Pickett series, Dana Stabenow's, and Nevada Barr.
B0043RSE2M|5.0|A good Blu Ray movie for the family in 3D. Paid just a little more than I did for another copy purchased from Wal-Mart for my son, before Christmas.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I've only used this video a few times but after I'm done the 20 minute workout, I can feel that all the major muscle group have been worked, Jillian does not leave any rock unturned.  Looking forward to the results I'm sure I'll see!
B0040JHWKS|2.0|Its interesting that numerous artists do this sort of thing - many years down the road they \\"discover\\" lost tracks, etc. and release them to the public who apparently, have been waiting with baited ears for years for this unknown material to surface.    Here's a thought: The reason that material doesn't \\"make the cut\\" might not be that the record companies are greedy and only want the bankable songs for release (perish the thought that they might actually want to recoup their investment in studio time, production, distribution, etc.) It could very well be that the material just really isn't that good.    This is the case with \\"The Promise\\".  The material sounds like rough cuts of the songs that DID make it on to his late 1970's albums - without the life, spirit and depth that is usually present in his work.      \\"Because the Night\\", written by Bruce but performed by Patty Smith and Natalie Merchant are far better renditions of this song.     So, for the die hard fan that believes everything that the man touches is gold, you may find a few nuggets in this collection.  For the average fan, break out his old stuff and just enjoy.
030746363X|5.0|There is so much valuable information in this book that it should cost at least....3 times as much as it does!  Even if you do nothing this book recommends, the fact that these things are even possible would be reason enough to read it.  Not only can it add value to your life, it's a small price to pay for a great resource.
030745455X|5.0|Just as good as The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.  Lots of suspense.  Keeps you guessing and makes you want to read the next book.  These books have been much better than I expected.
030746363X|5.0|This Book is one for your library,  Tim takes all the things you want to know about the body , Weightloss, Muscle gain, Best sex and reversing injures to a minimum effective dose to achieve 90% results of the most challenging plans.  One word buy it.
B001VLXNLU|5.0|Some people compared this series to Twilight and found it lacking. How, I couldn't say. I love this series and highly recommended it. While Zoey might seem like a Mary Sue at first, she gets more and more in depth each page, each chapter, each book. If you like Vampire Romances/ Vampire Novels, I recommended this.
B001041JLE|5.0|just like the original thriller album this one is just as good. i love this album. best songs on this album are all of them
0312330537|5.0|Read it. Seriously. Hands down one of the most incredible books ever written. It's not just what the book is about, it's also how it's written. His language is amazing.
B00005QGAZ|5.0|this is one of michaels best selling albums.  and i know why because it rocks. this is a great cd. love this album. best songs on this album are all of them
B001DDBCUA|5.0|I find the relationship between the four women, and their different personalities, to be so interesting, so real, and full of humor.  Also, the outfits and vintage clothing are fabulous!
B000002OMN|5.0|I've had this CD since it came out, but only recently started playing it again. I forgot how AWESOME a CD this is! From start to finish, it is 5+ stars.  I listen to it while I'm working out and it really pumps me up!        I can't recommend this CD enough.
B000JMKQX0|1.0|I was bored quickly with this book and kept hoping for the end.  I would get into an interesting interview, start visualizing what was happening and it would suddenly end and to go into a long boring interview.  Certain parts of the book made me think of the film The Day After Tomorrow with zombies instead of the environment.  Just a disappointing read.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|*CONTAINS BIG SPOILERS*  First off, I am a HUGE Hunger Games fan, and though this last book MOCKINGJAY was the perfect ending to the trilogy, it is very depressing. I mean, the ending was just one bad tragedy after another! Like first the amazing Finnick has to go die after he gets married to the only human being he truly loves, PRIM dies, her innocent little sister! Then there's the whole Peeta or Gale deal, and I'm really happy she chose Peeta, she needs someone kind and sweet and comforting, anyway, in the end its like Gale and Katniss aren't even FRIENDS anymore!!! Cuz it could have been Gale's bomb that killed Prim? That was just horrible!     But enough of the cons, there were pros too!   The whole trilogy was the most EXCITING and DRAMATIC books I have probably ever read! The action is NON-STOP and the romantic love triangle is cute yet annoying, its like, choose one or the other already...but I loved it anyway :)     The whole time I was reading MOCKINGJAY I was shocked, stunned and giddy with what would happen next.   Suzanne Collins is an extremly talented author, you reall feel every emotion that Katniss is feeling! You cry when she's sad or distressed, you yell at her when she's confused, you smile when she's happy and in Peeta's arms.   I enjoyed this book, even if it was sorta depressing in the end. The epilouge is happy though.    I'm happy Katniss didn't kill herself, haha.    Read MOCKINGJAY!!!!!!!!  I miss you Finnick.......&#60;3
030746363X|5.0|Easy to read. Spent a couple of weeks going over the essentials and have been putting it to use for a week. Am, for the most part, not hungry between meals any more, I have more energy, and have lost 2 inches from my stomach along with 5 LBS.  Am very satisfied with the progress and have gotten a few other friends to get on board. Looking to drop my body fat from 26% to under 15%. I really believe that this book will get me there. Thanks Tim!
B00005JOA0|5.0|Great scenery,beautiful English country homes,with a story of a woman struggling to provide a good life for herself and young son.      Heroine a bit tough-boiled which becomes more understandable as the story moves along.  Hero quite likable.  As usual, there's a bit of mystery which unravels through flash-backs and the contents of a letter.  Excellent ending.
0425166805|5.0|I first read this book when I was 13 years old. I was never the same. I have since re-read the book now 37 years later and I still loved it. The subject matter still rings true. We are not told that this is how it is, we are just presented with what is. Von Daniken gives us some of his personal take on things but never forces us to see it his way. I have since passed this book on to my son, hoping it will also give him a new perspective on things.
0743243153|4.0|This book is a classic! It deals with the difficult parts of life such as relationships, parental issues, depression, love etc. It takes a very clinical and fundamental look at the issues. The book is heavy reading but if you are prepared to do the work and required introspection it will probably be one of the best books you have ever read in your life. Dr. Peck was very probing and frank in this work. You won't regret buying this book!
B003ZSJ212|4.0|First I want say the Girl Friend/Fan Boy review was enjoyable. Here's a Star Wars guy that can sit down with his gal and enjoy it. It's somewhat funny how we (including me) will notice the Star Wars tweeks or lack there of.<br /><br />I like my new Blu Ray complete trilogy set. The packaging is cool and the films look good to me. I don't pick on every detail. I'm just not that kind of Star Wars fan.<br /><br />That said, I saw Star Wars when I was 7 years old. It was not titled Episode 4: A New Hope yet. I saw it again everytime it was in the theater along with the others. My brother has that version on DVD. Great, saw it again and can whenever but I don't very often.<br /><br />The fact is I was a Star Wars along kid with my brother. Had lots of fun too. Then the there's the Dark Side, we were made fun of for it, teased about it just for liking Star Wars. Hateful crazy things were hollered at us for no reason. Even in class I'd be suddenly made fun of for once liking Star Wars and I had not talked about in years. That was a long time ago and forgot about most of it until recently. I finally let go of allot of Star Wars stuff giving everything to my brother. Star Wars for me was a brotherly bonding fun time.<br /><br />Now that my bro and I are married, each with a son; Star Wars has come back into our lives and we are kids again. Our lovely pretty wives have renewed our childhood fun and they even make time for us to enjoy the Star Wars movies. But here comes the Dark Side again.<br /><br />The issue I see is this: Why can't we have the original Star Wars untitled 1977 version on Blu Ray too?<br />Would I like to have that as an extra on a Blu Ray? Sure thhat would be awesome. Does it make me despise George Lucas when I don't have it as a choice? No, I'm not that kind of Star Wars guy.<br /><br />Here is my opinion. I am happy to have the Blu Ray Complete Triology. I did not have a complete set before other than the VHS version in widescreen with the hologram on the front. It's in storage now, never to be used again.<br /><br />If George reads these reviews I would like to tell him this; It is fun to see how you really want to share your vision. I'm an artists too and I also like to tell stories. All this George Lucas/Star Wars blasting hurts, I know it does. For that reason, I am embarrased to be a Star Wars fan. But I am fan and always will be becasue it was and is so much fun to explore.<br />I loved the mysterious Jawas in the origianl 1977 and we'd ask who is this Darth Vader? What about this desert world you created? We want more and more.... Star Wars is fun for all ages and for many of us it's too embarrassing to fight these crazy hateful reviews. There are lots of us orignal fans out here who still enjoy Star Wars. Now, it would be so cool to have the very first version of Star Wars on Blu Ray, (The unaltered version that was put on DVD) with loads of extras documenting what it took to update the movies, a vintage collection of the films with back to back comparisons. A limited Blu Ray set made for that purpose.<br /><br />Is it really worth the fuss to demand it from George Lucas? Not to me. There is no argument out there about it, film preservation, history, hating CGI or what ever the argument is, none of it is worth the time to be mean. It's only a movie after all.rge reads these reviews I would like to tell him this; It is fun to see how you really want to share your vision. I'm an artists too and I also like to tell stories. All this George Lucas/Star Wars blasting hurts, I know it does. For that reason, I am embarrased to be a Star Wars fan. But I am fan and always will be becasue it was and is so much fun to explore.   I loved the mysterious Jawas in the origianl 1977 and we'd ask who is this Darth Vader? What about this desert world you created? We want more and more.... Star Wars is fun for all ages and for many of us it's too embarrassing to fight these crazy hateful reviews. There are lots of us orignal fans out here who still enjoy Star Wars. Now, it would be so cool to have the very first version of Star Wars on Blu Ray, (The unaltered version that was put on DVD) with loads of extras documenting what it took to update the movies, a vintage collection of the films with back to back comparisons. A limited Blu Ray set made for that purpose.   Is it really worth the fuss to demand it from George Lucas? Not to me. There is no argument out there about it, film preservation, history, hating CGI or what ever the argument is, none of it is worth the time to be mean. It's only a movie after all.
B001PPGAJE|4.0|X-Men was one of the first DVDs I bought after getting a TV that had component video in. I remember being impressed with how sharp it was and how warm the colors were at times. The title sequence also seemed to nearly pop off the screen. It only seemed appropriate that one of the first BDs that i picked up after getting a PS3 and a HDTV also be X Men.     I haven't even looked at the extra features disc yet; I just like watching this movie in HD. It looks great, the details are better, and it has a DTS TrueHD soundtrack. There are some movies that actually look a bit worse in HD because the effects are done somewhat sloppily and the finer detail in the image just calls attention to their phoniness. I haven't notices that in X Men. It's a very tightly made movie in almost every respect, though I'll admit a soft spot for origin stories.     there is some visible film grain, but I assume that that's because of, well, the film. Though I honestly don't know if it's true film grain or if it was added in post (sometimes they do that), but it's rarely, if ever, distracting. I actually kind of like real film grain, so that's not a mark against it-- I have heard people complain about it, though, so there it is.     Basically, the film is really good for what it is and this is a good disc.
B00328R21C|5.0|Our seven year old grandson,Leo, has been an avid LEGO builder for two years -- not duplo. He puts together very intricate constructs that literally blow my mind. Yet, he LOVES this little landspeeder -- put it together quickly and called me in to see its features. The major draw, it seems, is the five little Star Wars figures. His thank you note says: \\"I realey, realey loved the Lego landspeeder. I play with it a lot. I realey like R2-d2 and C-PO! The landspeeder has a storage area. Love, Leo\\"
B00362DRQS|1.0|I have read a lot of reviews complaining about remastering jobs and I have usually disagreed with them. This one, though, is just atrocious.  The sound is so squashed that the highs are unnerving and there's no dynamics whatsoever. It's totally horrendous.<br /><br />What makes little sense to me is that I picked up Big Thing and Notorious remastered and they sound good.  This hurt my ears.  The songs from this album sounded much better on the Greatest album.  Even the bonus disc comes out worse for wear.  I just don't understand how the engineers involved couldn't hear how bad they made this sound.  What a waste.<br /><br />The DVD, however, has an interesting show, but it appears the music isn't live or there were copious overdubs done afterward.
0143116738|3.0|I enjoyed The Element, or rather, the first five chapters of it.  It begins conversationally, with interesting stories and names that people are sure to know (or have at least heard of).  However, as the book continues, the stories taper off and I was left wondering what the average person's lot in life was.  There is also a great amount of research, but after checking into several things, there is an obvious bias that readers need to take into account.     Robinson encourages people to find a mentor, which is certainly important.  But the efforts and skills of mentors are only given a passing nod, while countless stories are dedicated to the few people who succeed in the top levels of the arts, sciences, or athletics.  This book does not discuss the everyday hero.    Sometimes a surprising ignorance is shown about details that people who know that area would notice.  I am a singer, so I happen to know something about music.  One story about Paul McCartney simply makes me chuckle: he wasn't allowed into the Liverpool Cathedral choir as a teenager.  As I continued reading the story, I thought \\"Well, duh\\".  With many of these stories I get the feeling that we aren't being given the whole picture...      Besides being vague on details (or just plain skewed, which you'll find if you check into Paulo Coelho's story more), as well as being much too long, this book is not reasonable.  The \\"mundane\\" gifts are ignored, or unappreciated, and a ridiculous amount of time is spent talking about the most unusual examples of success.  The first five chapters are inspiring and most certainly worth reading (and even re-reading), but you'd be better off ripping them out and reading the last six when you can't fall asleep.
B00006CXSS|5.0|I bought this for my wife for Christmas.  She loves it and I am now hooked also.  We recommended it to anyone.
0465011047|5.0|I would recommend this book for everyone.  Whether or you like fiction or non-fiction, this man's autobiography is not to be missed.
B002ZG993Q|4.0|Probably a lot of people will be disappointed with the pace of this movie, as so many moviegoers have grown accustomed to fast-paced thrillers with loud and eye-catching visual and sound effects.  There are none of these in this tense drama/thriller headlined by George Clooney.  Clooney plays a hitman and master builder of customized weaponry on whom the tables are turned. The underlying personal drama involves Clooney's conflict between living the necessarily isolated and non-commital life of someone in his business with the profound need to be intimate with another human being.  This theme runs through the movie, not only in terms of Clooney's relationships with females, but with other people as well.    The movie is paced very slowly and there are usually no more than two people on camera and they tend to be isolated in their scenes by the locales selected for filming: a lonely stream off the side of a road, an enclosed veranda high above a small town, a dark and sparsely furnished room.  These scenes create a constant sense of dislocation and unconnectedness to the larger world, so that if anything happened to the actors in the scene, little or nothing would ever be known of them.  The director used this cleverly to accentuate the sense of isolation felt by Clooney.    Unless I missed it, the plot leaves the question of why Clooney became the prey unanswered, although this turn of events is consistent with the message that Clooney's profession is one of sudden, irrevesible and often regretable twists.    This is one of those movies that leaves you more with material to ruminate over than with memorable scenes.  That is as it was intended to be and it works on that level.  If you are looking for a shoot 'em up, wild car chase movie of the current genre of excess, this is not it.  If you'd like a movie that gives you some of that as a backdrop to more profound issues, this movie may work for you.
1400049628|4.0|I was pleased with the useful and informative resource that is \\"The Zombie Survival Guide\\".  While I have only encountered the occasional Zombie in my rather rural area, I am always worried that they will reach a larger city, and gain access to an environment that would provide reasonable cover...say a Democrat campaign event.  In this case, it would be possible for a huge infestation to form before anyone would notice the brain devouring beings in our midst.<br />Thankfully the most recent outbreak which originated in the Chicago area and quickly migrated to the Washington area, also known as \\"The Obama Campaign\\", has consumed all the brains at that location and are moving back to the more familiar areas of New York, California, Oregon, as well as most major cities including Chicago, and Detroit.  Please note the recent developments and evolution of the living dead....  Instead of the standard \\"Moan\\" associated with Zombies that have identified a living victim, they have begun to make a sound resembling \\"Free Healthcare\\", \\"The Rich\\", \\"Higher Taxes\\",\\"Global Warning\\" and \\"Bush's Fault\\".  No one knows what these sounds really mean and it seems to be mindless nonsense.  Nevertheless, it should alert everyone of the brain devouring menace that has you in their sights.  Note that these types of Zombies should not be engaged in any manner for any reason!  Simply avoiding them all together seems to be the best method of encouraging them to leave infested areas.  Good luck everyone.......
0817439390|5.0|If you just got your first DSLR, and want to make the most out of it, this book should be your #1 purchase.  Easy to read, lots of examples. It covers the very basics of photography and exposure, the same principles that have been around for several decades, now more oriented to digital photography though.  Want to know how aperture, shutter speed, and ISO relate to each other? Want to know how those cool looking portraits with nicely blurred background are made? Want to know how those silky smooth running water effects of rivers or waterfalls are achieved? This book is for you.  I highly recommend it for anyone starting on this field.
0375507256|5.0|The ambition of this book is stunning. If one were to talk about the structure of Cloud Atlas (and if one is talking about Cloud Atlas, they're most likely talking about the structure), they might describe a physical structure, a sort of pyramid with six floors. Six stories, connected by staircases, and we travel halfway through each level before heading up to the next. At the top, we get one a complete story, then we head back down, picking up where we left off on each level, finishing each of those stories as we descend. It's something like the movie Inception, only it makes more sense.<br /><br />In the second-level story, a character describes the concerto he is obsessively composing:  \\"...a sextet for overlapping soloists: piano, clarinet, cello, flute, oboe, and violin, each in its own language of key, scale, and color. In the first set, each solo is interrupted by its successor: in the second, each interruption is recontinued, in order. Revolutionary or gimmicky? Shan't know until it's finished.\\" It's clever. What he is really describing is the structure of Cloud Atlas as a whole.<br /><br />The second most impressive thing about Cloud Atlas is what is described above--that each level, each story, has it's own tone and is of a different genre. The first is from the journal of a passenger on a 19th century trading ship in the south Pacific; the second (my favorite), a series of hilarious letters from an aspiring composer who has conned his way into the tutelage of a famous (but suffering of syphilis) musician in Flanders in the 1930s. There is a suspenseful thriller about a conspiracy over a nuclear power plant that takes place in the 1970s, a \\"ghastly\\" story of a book publisher wrongly confined to a mental institution, a futuristic sci-fi about a clone savior, and a story about a post-apocalyptic tribal society in which the language has evolved (or devolved) into a weird but somehow understandable sort of pig-latin offshoot. Were these imbedded genre stories caricatures or clich&eacute;s, the structure of the whole thing would be pointless. But it all holds together because Mitchell is so adept at each style, and each story is good in itself.<br /><br />On top of this, Mitchell stitches the stories together with just enough thread to hold. The south Pacific journal exists as a book found by a character in the second story (and, cleverly, the journal has been torn in half, the second half of it jammed under a piano leg to level it for the character to find later). One story is a book manuscript in another, one a movie in the next, one the mythology of an entire religion in the next. It is never heavy handed. Mitchell leaves just enough clues to make it interesting and allow the reader to find the door from one level to the next.<br /><br />The one piece of evidence that exists in all the stories is a cryptic birthmark, in the shape of a comet, that the main characters share. I'm not sure of its significance beyond the fact that every time I encountered it I wanted to jump up and shout \\"There it is again!\\" And that is the thrill of this book. Whether or not one \\"figures out\\" the significance of everything, it is the excitement of discovery, of moving toward an answer, that is the theme and thrill. The character of the book publisher at one point says: \\"What I wouldn't give now for a never-changing map of the ever-constant ineffable? To possess, as it were, an atlas of clouds.\\" There is no atlas. No constant. Perceptions, story, character, genre--everything shifts. That's the fun of it.r clichs, the structure of the whole thing would be pointless. But it all holds together because Mitchell is so adept at each style, and each story is good in itself.      On top of this, Mitchell stitches the stories together with just enough thread to hold. The south Pacific journal exists as a book found by a character in the second story (and, cleverly, the journal has been torn in half, the second half of it jammed under a piano leg to level it for the character to find later). One story is a book manuscript in another, one a movie in the next, one the mythology of an entire religion in the next. It is never heavy handed. Mitchell leaves just enough clues to make it interesting and allow the reader to find the door from one level to the next.      The one piece of evidence that exists in all the stories is a cryptic birthmark, in the shape of a comet, that the main characters share. I'm not sure of its significance beyond the fact that every time I encountered it I wanted to jump up and shout \\"There it is again!\\" And that is the thrill of this book. Whether or not one \\"figures out\\" the significance of everything, it is the excitement of discovery, of moving toward an answer, that is the theme and thrill. The character of the book publisher at one point says: \\"What I wouldn't give now for a never-changing map of the ever-constant ineffable? To possess, as it were, an atlas of clouds.\\" There is no atlas. No constant. Perceptions, story, character, genre--everything shifts. That's the fun of it.
B0001ARCFA|5.0|These headphones sound fantastic. As some other reviewers have mentioned, they don't block any outside sound, so if you had the volume low (why?) you could clearly hear everything around you.<br /><br />Crank your weak laptop sound card up all the way and it will sound great, but amplify these monitors a little bit more like I do (I use a Behringer Xenyx 802 Premium 8-Input 2-Bus Mixer with Xenyx Mic Preamps and British EQs) and it can make your ears explode with joy. Go ahead, listen to some music. Or play a video game. Yessssssssss
B0034G4OVS|3.0|As an avid skier, I identified very throughly with the plight of the three hapless protagonists in Frozen. Sure, they were all pretty bad actors (the boyfriend especially) and they weren't given a whole lot of good dialogue to work with. Their peril however, made up for it completely and set this film apart from the myriad tiny-locale suspense films recently (Buried, The Ruins, Panic Room). This film, it should be noted, is by no means a technical success. The opening scenes look like they were shot by college students. There aren't any special effects (thankfully no CGI) really, save a couple bloody, bloody wounds- which looked great. Ultimately, this is a film that relies heavily on the cold tension of its situation and all sorts of natural, organic elements to pin you to your seat. There is no killer or anything like that, despite a strange scene early on where the camera focuses on a MISSING PERSON poster...what was that all about? Inside joke?     Compared to say, The Ruins, the film isn't super-gory, though I did cover my eyes once or twice. If you aren't a fan of frostbite or broken bones, stay far away. Really I am at a loss for why I liked this flick so much (maybe it was the really stark but cool credits?). Bad acting. Bad writing. Little emotion. And yet I've ridden chairlifts that stopped halfway up a deserted precipice and thought, \\"My God, if we were stuck here overnight that would be the worst thing in the world.\\" Frozen takes those fears and wrings every last bit of horror out of them. It isn't a flick you'd probably watch more than once, but it drips with suspense, and urine, and blood...
B000J5XS3C|5.0|I originally bought it for an experimental sound installation, powering a couple of condenser microphones and mixing output back to my computer which was connected to some amplifiers. It worked superbly.<br />Right now I just have it increasing the volume to my AKG Acoustics K-240 Semi Open Studio Headphones because my laptop sound card is too weak to really make those headphones shine like they are designed to do. Music, movies, and video games from my computer sound better with this used as a preamp for my monitors.
0783225857|5.0|A wonderful and moving drama. Grogory Peck was rivetting in his portrail of a christian lawyer in the deranged south. This is one of the best movies that I have ever watched. Bravo!
B0042RUMEQ|5.0|Without covering each song, I will say that this CD is a great first from Nicki Minaj, who displays her rap skills and lyrical prowess throughout.  I would describe it as \\"pop hip-hop\\", a blend of melodic hooks and Nicki's unique and stylsh rapping.  Some people have said that it isn't \\"street\\" enough.  That was clearly not Nicki's intention when creating this music.  However, in closing, I will say that I suspect we have a lot more to hear from Nicki Minaj and a great deal of it will be more on the \\"hard-core\\" side.
030746363X|4.0|Overall \\"The 4-Hour Body\\" is a very interesting book, even for those of us who already know much of this information.   The diet section mentions beans/legumes as a significant part of this diet. Therefore, hopefully there is more research being done into the level of which beans/legumes are estrogenic (and this should matter to the author who also eats for fertility and strength), and into the harmful anti-nutrients (trypsin inhibitors and lectins) in beans/legumes (especially in soybeans, lima beans, red kidney beans) that especially if undercooked may be toxic and also decrease the effectiveness of other nutrients eaten. The author has a recent Paleo diet article on his blog that mentions this, but this was not clearly mentioned in the book. The author says the beans/legumes are for the calories. So, more often instead of beans/legumes I would most often replace them with nuts or almond butter or more meat. This book provides much to think about and for further experiments to DO in various areas of your own life, especially with nutrition and exercises. Even a few of the links provided in the book are worth the price of the book, and make \\"The 4-Hour Body\\" more than a book. Just cutting back on sugar and less milk I have already lost 2 pounds this week. As a side note, I just got the DVD from OneTaste, and it's around 30 minutes, but unfortunately it is not explicit (it does not show the female anatomy being \\"done\\") as it only shows drawings on the screen and I wanted it to show a real woman having the technique done to be able to visually learn the technique because I still had a few technical questions about the direction to stroke the finger, it's basically like the trailer with a few drawings, it is a quality production and most of the time just shows kind people talking, so the DVD might be a decent intro for \\"couples\\" to begin with. However, because the DVD was not explicit and because I have for years previously known about the 1 0'clock position as looking at it (or from her perspective the upper left part of it) and because I already have \\"The 4-Hour Body\\" I would just very lightly rub that part of the picture in the book. I also just got the Bodansky book and I will post a review in the next few months.
B0042RJWTM|5.0|No question, one of the best westerns ever made!  It captures the life and times of the American cowboy, his character, integrity and the hardships of that great American time period. This is not a typical shoot em up western, but a reverent and honest look into \\"who and what\\" these men stood for.  Acting and directing is excellent and Lee Marvin's horse scene is the best I have ever seen in a movie! Mamma Cass sings a haunting, yet beautiful song that sets the mood instantly and you become immersed in that time period and that world then.  If you don't enjoy this movie, you are not a western movie fan.  Period!
B000002KBA|5.0|Deep Purple has created music that I REALLY need to look further into. As a twenty-three year old Korean living in Southern California, it seems that I've overlooked this band for far too long. Now, I've become a fan. In Rock is the first album that I've ever listened to from Deep Purple, and I already consider it a definite rock masterpiece. From Ian Gillan's solid vocals to Ritchie Blackmore's breathtaking guitar solos, every track on this album is pure gold. I can't find a single thing wrong on this album (except maybe the sound quality, but even THAT isn't really that bad). \\"Speed King\\" kicks it all off with its energetic melodies and raw lyrics. \\"Bloodsucker\\" and the world-famous \\"Child in Time\\" are flawless from beginning to end. Both \\"Flight of the Rat\\" and the closer \\"Hard Lovin' Man\\" are almost seven minutes long, but it always seems much shorter due to the hypnotic music. \\"Into the Fire\\" and \\"Living Wreck\\" are extraordinarily well-constructed and well-played, no doubt about it.<br /><br />Both of my parents were big fans of Deep Purple when they were teenagers, and they still are now. I guess it's runs in the family blood to admire the band's music, but I'm glad that it does. They're one of those legendary rock bands that reign supreme until the world ends.<br /><br />Grade: 10/10
030746363X|4.0|To start with,this book is an entertaining read. enjoyable from cover to cover. It contains heaps of information and is great value for the retail price it is going for.    If you pick it up and can't take at least 5 useful bits of information from it you haven't really paid attention.    All the information isn't for everyone, but ALL the information does make sense. Experienced trainers may know alot of this info, but again you will still get benefits from reading the book.
B0000696ID|1.0|THE DVD SKIPPED!  First time I played it fresh out of the box, it skipped through the best parts of the movie and completely ruined the experience, not to mention this was a gift for one of my family members.  I am so unhappy with the quality and even more disappointed that I gave this as a gift.  TOTAL LET DOWN!
030746363X|5.0|Following some simple tips on this book, in only three weeks I lost 7 kg of fat during the holidays, while eating about 6000 kcal during Christmas. I'm below 180 lbs., my lowest weight since I stopped practicing kung fu. Many thanks, Tim. You're the best.
B003WTE886|5.0|January 9th, 2011<br /><br />I like this album. Not every song is great in my opinion, but most of them are listenable. Taylor tackles a lot more personal things that went on in her life here and I totally appreciate that. \\"Dear John\\" is pretty good, but it drags on too long. \\"Speak Now\\" is funny and growing on me. But did anyone notice the sharp similarities to \\"Change\\" in \\"Long Live\\"? I already didn't like the former...but \\"Long Live\\" is OK I guess....<br /><br />My favorite songs in order are: \\"Enchanted\\", \\"Last Kiss\\", \\"Haunted\\" & \\"Back To December\\".<br /><br />These songs have an appeal like no other. \\"Last Kiss\\" I'm almost certain is about the end of her relationship with Joe Jonas put in such precious yet bittersweet words that you just want to replay it, \\"Haunted\\" is slightly dark in sound and very serious in tone and had to grow on me but really did and \\"Back To December\\" is so cutesy and easy to sing along to that you can't ignore it.<br /><br />But the show is stolen by \\"Enchanted\\". This song will take up and away the dreamer of dreamers, the lover of lovers, into a world where nothing really matters but your crush and the way they make you feel. I can't say enough about this song. The first verse is a bit sad, but then it gets better. I like the whole thing though.<br /><br />Taylor has made another solid effort that's pretty damn good and even better than her peak at the time, [[ASIN:B001EYGOEM Fearless]]. I must say I enjoy most of the songs here and the filler is kept to a strict minimum. Job well done, Taylor. Steer clear of the haters. You have that many more people that love you for you and the music you make. :)<br /><br />\\"A-\\", 4.5 stars (or an 9/10).<br /><br />DOWNLOAD:<br />\\"Enchanted\\"<br />\\"Last Kiss\\"<br />\\"Haunted\\" &<br />\\"Back To December\\"<br /><br />HONORABLE MENTION(s):<br />\\"Better Than Revenge\\"<br /><br />SKIP:<br />Nothing./><br />DOWNLOAD:<br />\\"Enchanted\\"<br />\\"Sparks Fly\\"<br />\\"Last Kiss\\" &<br />\\"Innocent\\"<br /><br />HONORABLE MENTION:<br />\\"Back To December\\"<br /><br />SKIP:<br />\\"Haunted\\"
0783263090|5.0|I just discovered this classic gem this holiday season! It is every bit as good as White Christmas and in some ways, better! The dancing is such a treat, and young Bing Crosby is as well! Fun to watch with the whole family, especially the older folks!
B00005JPO1|3.0|This movie was mostly a compilation of special effects.  The \\"magic\\" of the other movies was sadly lacking.  However, it was entertaining.  We made fun of the stupidity of it.  Still we can now proudly boast we have the whole series of these movies.
B0041G683W|5.0|This show is stupendous and all of it (nearly 3 hours) is on this Blu-ray edition made to mark the 25th anniversary of its original opening. My wife and I loved the whole thing and, short of seeing it live, this recorded version must be the best ever to watch. Lots of people have praised it to the heights and all of the praise is deserved and need not be repeated by me. I just think that it's worth noting that the 02 arena adds a very special something to the atmosphere and, obviously, to the numbers of people who could be there, live, for the recording. In the context of the 02 - formerly known as the Millennium Dome - thanks might also be offered to the principal politicians who saw that project through: Michael Heseltine and Peter Mandelson. Without those earlier supporters, the genius of Sir Cameron Mackintosh's 02 production would never have been seen or known.<br /><br />Oh, and thank you, too, to Victor Hugo. Gone, but as long as 'Les Miserables' lives, not forgotten
0062004352|3.0|I never read chic lit much, but sometimes, I do corner my direction of reading to something lighter and quick. Reading I Heart New York is a very great choice when you want something light, quick and funny. Let us meet Angela, a naive, sweet and indecisive woman. What happened to her could happen to anyone on earth nevertheless it sounds quite unreal when she started her journey to New York. Maybe I think it's illogical, but proves me wrong if; 1) I runaway as far as to another continent (not a country!), 2) I get a best friend who is very a stranger to you that would do anything to cheer you up in a whim in less than 24 hours, 3) I can date two hot guys at a time! For me, it sounds like that is NOT what a normal/wise people would do. But who knows, maybe there's actually someone did that when they've been cheated by their boyfriend.    All in all, I'm not saying that I dislike it, I do like it because it brings out the impossibilities that I've reasoned. I wish I can be like her; not to get dumped of course but to have all the fun she experienced. And all those shoes! It's actually a good book to enjoy and I think I will her other two books in the series as well, but not so soon.
B003E6K1VK|4.0|Just to start I want to say that this product delivers awesome sound it looks DOPE and is supremely easy to use 5/5 on that. The problem is that the headphone jacks are GARBAGE. I am so irate over the quality of those I am working on a letter to fiio. This unit works awesome but in reality the headphone jacks kill it. You can throw is in a roomy coat pocket and make one wrong moev and you lose a right or left channel. I Would have Given this item 5/5 for the first week I owned it but a month and a half later I can say it may as well be a desktop amp because it is WORTHLESS in your pocket.
0765326353|5.0|This book and this author are both pure genius! If you're familiar with Sanderson's other books then you know only to expect the best, and trust me- you won't be disappointed!! While the length of this novel might be daunting don't let it intimidate you because inside is one of the best stories to hit the fantasy shelf in a long time. Read it, buy it, recommend it!
B0024FADAQ|4.0|I remember enjoying the movie when I was a lot younger and thought it would be nice in my collection.  It was still good.  It isn't spectacular by today's special effect standards, but a good story, decent  effects for the day, and fun to watch.
1600242405|4.0|Keith Richards is a blatant example of human excess.  His story, however, is interesting and sheds a light on the Rolling Stones thing that I could not have seen before.  Worth the money.
030746363X|5.0|For a long time I have had a fascination with nutrition and strength training.  For a while in the early-2000s, I was consistently maintaining a body fat percentage that was well below 10% while still pushing serious weight in the gym.  That's why I thought the idea of this book was awesome!<br /><br />The workout in this book will get you stronger and make your muscles grow.<br /><br />But, for anyone that has struggled with their weight...the diet section alone is worth price of the book.
030746363X|5.0|Tim has consulted some fantastic experts to write this book such as Charles Poliquin and Dr. Stuart Macgill.  Even for myself with a strong Exercise Science and Physiology background, this is a very good read.  Would recommend.
0811876373|5.0|I bought this item and love it. I hope this will help me get a baking buisness off the ground. I am very excited about the things you can create and your own ideas.
0156027321|2.0|Since many people caught this book the first time around, the plot might be pretty well known by now:  Teenager Pi Patel (aka Piscene Molitor Patel) is the lone human survivor of shipwreck in the vast Pacific Ocean.  The son of a zookeeper, he relies on his knowledge of animals as he navigates the ocean in a lifeboat which also happens to be inhabited by a tiger, a zebra, a hyena and an orangutan.  Animals being hungry, soon the lifeboat's passenger list consists of only Pi and the Bengal tiger, named Richard Parker.  As the lifeboat drifts towards Mexico for 227 days, Pi and the Tiger battle each other for dominance, are nearly sunk by a huge passing ship that never spots them, meet a stranger who speaks French and are nearly devoured by an island of algae.  When the lifeboat finally washes ashore, Pi provides two different stories to explain his adventure.  The first one is a wildly imaginative (and involves the tiger) while the second one is grounded in facts that seem much more plausible (but is definitely not the \\"better\\" story).<br /><br />Early in the book the reader is promised that this story will \\"make you believe in God.\\"  Eventually, the book became a tangled mess of nothingness as the author Martel melts several belief systems into one cosmic \\"believe whatever you want\\" soup. As a child growing up in India, Pi has a genuine interest in world religions eventually becoming a devout Hindi worshipper, a baptized Christian and follower of Mohammed. Along with a zookeeper's love of nature and his own scientific sounding name of Pi, this young character embodies a very familiar worldview that all religions and philosophies lead to the same destination. Even the one of final explanations of the lifeboat events require imaginative faith in order to believe the elaborate scenario.<br /><br />This book does the opposite of \\"making you believe in God.\\"  An allegory, this book presents a confusing worldview that boils down to a watery nothing.  This book was not funny (as I had heard it was) and it was not good literature in spite of winning several book awards.  The violent scenes were very disturbing but, let me repeat again, the message that life is whatever you choose to believe is in some ways the most disturbing part of this book. By believing in everything, you risk believing in nothing.as I had heard it was) and it was not good literature in spite of winning several book awards.    The violent scenes were very disturbing but, let me repeat again, the message that life is whatever you choose to believe is in some ways the most disturbing part of this book. By believing in everything, you risk believing in nothing.
B0024FADDI|4.0|This is a review for the Screwhead Edition. First off, I'll start with the cons, and this is about the physical disk release, not the movie itself.      I do think that it's not really anything special to warrant a new edition name. How many editions are there already that have creative names(Boomstick, Bootleg, etc.) slapped on them? If this is just a simple reissue of Army of Darkness for 2010, without any bells and whistles (which it is), then I think it should be better just released as \\"Army of Darkness\\". Simply put, if your looking for an updated release of this classic, that provides ample extras, and some fresh new ground that hasn't been covered before, you may be disappointed. There is a measly three extras on the disc, a feature called \\"Creating the Deadites\\" which I've read is new, so I guess that counts for something. It's just about deadites though. There are no other extras from the other discs, or even commentary. There's a trailer. Then, there is the alternate ending. Again, if you've already seen that ending like, 2000 times already you may be hard pressed to care. I guess this release is best for people who haven't seen Army of Darkness before, or people who never had any of the other dvds. I bought it because of that, and it was the latest release. But still, for a new \\"edition\\" they sure did skimp, and didn't even have a printed photo art on the disk, just red ink of the logo. Not a huge deal, if you just want to watch the movie but...I think that a movie that has become classic and loved by so many people, should get a better new release than this. Maybe some kind of anniversary release, like I see so many other movies get. But I guess it's the rights issues that might hinder that, and lord that's just too much to get into. Also: Clear indication of something \\"thrown together\\" and cheaply released for marketing. \\"From the director of Spider-Man and Drag Me To Hell\\" is slapped on the cover. Uggh.    Now the pros: Movie is great, I really enjoy it. Although: I'm not generally a fan of slapstick, it's entertaining, but it takes a lot to make me really laugh. That kind of humor for me is ok, and overall if I had to pick the the things that I most liked about this movie, that wouldn't be one of them. What I do like, is fantasy adventure, weapons, medieval time setting; great actors, awesome characters (Ash is the best), etc. all of which this has. So,\\"Thumbs up\\" for this one :)    Picture on the disc is really good. Colors are nice. Sound is good. It was remastered, so it's nice enough just to watch and enjoy. As far as that, no complaints.     I'm happy to say that I am happy with this disk. If you are the kind of person that wants a more \\"complete\\" edition, then you might want to check the other releases for that, but if you're like me, and don't really care about extra features and the like, then you will be happy with this quality presentation of the movie. ENJOY :D
B001FB5634|3.0|Cormac McCarthy's stark, post-apocalyptic novel, upon which this film is based, is a masterpiece- in every sense worthy of the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for fiction which it received. One review has stated that McCarthy's primary request of the film adaptation of 'The Road' was that the book's underlying spiritual elements not be removed or softened.          While the film adaptation of 'The Road', with it's ashen, desolate landscapes and gritty, often heart-wrenching portrayals does an excellent job of evoking the setting, feeling, and major plot elements of the original story, it falls short in exactly the way the author feared it would-- diminishing, and in some cases losing entirely the spiritual undertones of the original story. The result is a film that is often moving, yet ultimately hollow. The last 15 minutes or so, in particular, glosses over the subtle but powerful spiritual elements suggested in the novel's conclusion-- one wishes the screenplay had simply presented the final pages of McCarthy's novel 'as is', with dialog and other nuances intact. But it did not. As a result, instead of a three dimensional story that quietly speaks to some of life's great questions, we have in the end a two dimensional film that will leave many viewers feeling unsatisfied.        \\"Not nearly as good as the book\\" may sound a bit cliche, but in this case it is also the truth.    [[ASIN:0307476316 The Road (Movie Tie-in Edition 2009) (Vintage International)]]
030746363X|5.0|I was so eager to read this book that I went out and bought it the day it was released. First book that I have read cover to cover in a long time. I'm an exercise science major on the verge of graduating, only 13 credit hours left, and wish that this book was written three years ago so I could have questioned/ challenged all of my professors. Ferris is the real deal because he is an author that possesses the money and time and knowledge and connections to experiment on himself to bring you his results as well as that of many other individuals. Like Ferris says in the first chapter, it's meant to be more a diary of a madman than anything else. If I have only taken only one thing from this book, it would be the motivation to get off my lazy backside to step back into a gym and start eating well again. I should be at near peak physical condition at this point in my life but I haven't stepped into a gym in ten months and have literally been on a fast food diet for nearly that long. Yesterday, I ate my last Taco Bell burrito and actually went to a Whole Foods Market, the most amazing market I have ever set foot into. Today I plan on joining the fitness facility on my campus so I can start implementing some of the suggested self experimentation in the book to accomplish goals that I haven't even come close to reaching for the past four years. I'm even contemplating buying a book for each person in my immediate family. I do recommend this book because it will make you challenge the norm of the masses all while making for an entertaining read, being it was written by a madman.
B0009HKH6Q|3.0|The Thomas Crown Affair is one of the most stylized films I've ever seen.  The blocks within blocks style -- the same scene placed in miniature -- the unfocused lights, etc.  are really amazing to look at.<br /><br />The film is pretty to look at but the plot is quite thin.  The CEO of a major corporation decides to commit the perfect bank robbery on a whim.  He succeeds in taking the money thanks to five men who have no connection to each other nor to himself, and deposits the cash in a Swiss bank account.<br /><br />Meantime an insurance inspector is called in to catch him.  However, she falls in love with him which makes things a bit dicey with the police, the insurance company and with Tommy Crown!<br /><br />A lot of the scenes really have little to do with the plot but are stylized and pretty -- how many scenes of McQueen and Faye Dunaway on the beach zooming around in a dune buggy scaring seagulls?  How many kisses, and whispering sweet nothings?<br /><br />And don't get me started on the famous chess scene!<br /><br />The film is better known for its popular tune Windmills of Your Mind and for its later 1999 remake with Pierce Brosnan.<br /><br />Recommended for the dune buggy and colorized special effects, not to mention the chess scene!<br /><br />Other Steve McQueen Films:<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0008ENHV2 The Essential Steve McQueen Collection (Bullitt Two-Disc Special Edition / The Getaway Deluxe Edition / The Cincinnati Kid / Papillon / Tom Horn / Never So Few)]]<br /><br />Other Faye Dunaway Films:<br /><br />[[ASIN:0767821610 Eyes of Laura Mars]]<br />[[ASIN:B000ERVJK4 Mommie Dearest (Hollywood Royalty/Special Collector's Edition)]]
B002ZG98C8|1.0|The movie looked fun, but ended up being so predictable and corny, yet desperately trying to be political at the same time. It was mostly a \\"B\\" movie with a high paid cast. It even included cheesy bass guitar during the seductive scenes, as if trying to cater to the soft-core porn crowd. Awful. The \\"bad\\" white guys all have to have Texan accents and have to act stupid and uncaring in order for the movie to somehow work. Waste of money. Waste of time. Danny Trejo has played the same, exact character in every movie I have seen him in. Only in this movie, he actually has a couple lines. **note** a couple. I don't understand how others have given this movie a good review....
B0034G4OUY|4.0|This was a great modern exploitation movie. It had some decent acting, and contrary to some other reviews - The Rock hardly speaks in it, which is one of the things that makes it a great flick. He has tapped back into that imposing WWE persona, and brought it to the big screen again. His presence, his attitude and his demeanor is absolutely perfect for the role. There isn't an ounce of Tooth Fairy in this performance.    The overall story and how it plays out is very much influenced by the genre. There are so many great examples of this in the film, it really is a treat if you're into that. It's a really fine example of modern exploitation flimmaking. I don't know where CBS films is going to go, but hopefully they will not have given up on this type of movie.    Don't go into this movie thinking it's a highbrow heist film or savvy thriller - it's a visceral blow-em-up action flick that is probably best watched with your wife at the grocery store or at her sewing class. Crack open a beer, open up a bag of Little Smokies and sit on the couch for an hour and a half of blowing stuff up and sweet, sweet revenge - 80's style.
B0042JTDXK|4.0|I can't believe any Groban fan would give this CD a bad rating. Josh writes more than he ever has, and he really puts himself out there are an independent artist. The first time I listened through the entire CD, I was somewhat taken aback, but then I really listened to what was going on and have discovered some of what I believe to be Josh's best work. Groban fans tend to have their favorite songs, and when something new comes out it can take a while to get adjusted to liking something new. I know this because I experienced it myself. This CD is great, and I now cannot stop listening to it. As far as the Galileo song goes, I think it's really touching and I am a scientist so anyone who has qualms with it needs to take a chill pill. There are some true gems on this CD. Closer is still my favorite though. Josh you need to go on tour again!!
B002N5N5QQ|1.0|This company is horrible. Never recieved the product that I ordered. And they never responded to the 2 emails that I sent them, had to file a complaint thru amazon to get anything done. Do not purchase from this company.
0061438294|5.0|I bought this book as a complement for Unmasking the face: facial expressions of emotions. Excellent source to learn about body language in general
B000AYEL6U|5.0|I'm an avid Austenite, but I thought this movie was better than any production of Pride & Prejudice, Sense & Sensibility, or Persuasion. That's saying something. They meet, they hate each other, they begin to respect one another, they have a misunderstanding...the whole time you know they belong together. *sigh* Wonderful production, full of long, wistful, melting eye contact. And Richard Armitage can give any Hollywood hottie a run for his money.
159562015X|2.0|This book is sold as a personality assessment for career development primarily, but when you really dig into it, the book doesn't suggest what careers your strengths are best suited to.  Instead it recommends that you learn to apply your strengths to the career you're already in.  But how many people really have all that much choice about how they do their job?  Most people are under the gun of whatever requirements their manager has, and at best this book could be useful as a manager in terms of motivating your direct reports.  However as someone who has never had a manager or supervisor that acknowledged my strengths, and in fact has always had managers that harped on weaknesses in order to maintain their power, I just don't think this book has much relevance to the real world.    I got the Kindle edition which was the cheapest version, and I'm still a little annoyed that I paid for it.  That's $9 I'll never get back and I wish I could get a refund.
030746363X|5.0|I've read several of the criticisms of The 4-Hour Body just so that I can try to see the book from other peoples vantage point. Many of these comments are about internal inconsistencies. However, as Tim mentions at the beginning, do not read the book from cover to cover. 150 pages of the book might be speaking to an audience wanting to loose weight while the next group of pages is geared towards a group wanting to add mass. Two very different goals here which inevitably means two different approaches.     I am not one to read any book and agree with every word so if this is your criteria as to whether a book is good or not then throw the baby out with the bath water. On the other hand, if you're capable of critical thinking and a few parts of this book have changed the way you approach fitness and it has had a positive impact then this definitely deserves a 5 star rating. My reason for 5 stars...my bench press has increased along with deadlift. Also, I have already gained 5 lbs. of lean mass. Thanks Tim!
B002ZG981E|5.0|Both the new Inception and the used, cheap Resistance: Fall of man were in prime condition. Resistance felt practically new.
030746363X|5.0|I really enjoy Tim's no frills, 80/20 approach to all things. He strikes an excellent balance between background science and execution level details. I can easily see myself coming back to this book often for the rest of my life. Thanks for sharing your experiments with us Tim!
B0042816YK|3.0|Hello,    I bought this a Christmas Gift and it arrived quickly. Thank you for that as one of my other gifts from another person did not! I have not heard any complaints from the person it was given to. The movie was delivered with no scratches or markings on the box. I will let you know if anyting else happens noteworthy. Thank you for the speedy delivery!
030746363X|5.0|I enjoyed this book very much, Tim writes in a style that an educated man can relate to.  It's simple yet pleasing, and is loaded with good information.  I've shared this book with my dad and my brother, and it's already making changes in their lives.
B00005JKGK|5.0|Excellent movie.  Have seen this movie at least 10 times, and enjoy it every single time.  Has everything you could ask for in a movie of friends, family and life.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Regarding all 6 movies, I have always loved them, always will.  The Blu-ray picture and sound are great.  The digital additions are fine.  The digital Yoda in Episode I is a great change.  Episode IV looks and sounds awesome for a movie made in 1976-77.  And the Ewoks having eye expression in Episode VI is a welcome addition.  And how cool is it having Sebulba make a cameo in Jabba's palace.  I am more than a little amazed at the one star naysayers and the nitpicking.  It comes down to choice, the theme that is the very heart of these movies.  These films were created by an insightful and revolutionary man for the sole purpose of entertainment and fun.  What a shame that some have become so obsessed that they have to tear down the creation of another to be validated.  The very essence of the journey towards the dark side, eh?  If you like these movies, buy the set and enjoy.
030746363X|4.0|Most of this book is really interesting. It's a little soon to see if any of the \\"tricks\\" will work, but it's nice to have goals.
B002OSY2T6|3.0|Things my daughter likes about this toy include the mirror featured on the side and the sound effects.  However, as a crawling toy, it's a frustration for her.  You're meant to be able to roll it along the floor in front of you whilst chasing it.  But, it seems to be incredibly top-heavy so it's always falling over onto its side.  This was fine very early on (before she had the hang of crawling) because she could bat at it and watch it spin.  But now that she's crawling and wants it to crawl along with her, she just gets angry when it falls over and she can't figure out how to get it to stand back up.<br /><br />It's a cute toy.  But there are some definite design flaws.
030746363X|5.0|As usual Tim outdoes himself. This is the hardcore, nitty gritty, no fluff, everything that works and nothing that doesn't plan for perfecting yourself physically. There is something for everyone, EVERYONE.    This book is a must buy.
160094048X|5.0|Got the book and immediately set about to baking. Easy recipes. I already have the Vegan Cupcake book and took the advice of buying the best ingredients to heart. It makes all the difference. Blackstrap Ginger Snaps are divine. Can't wait to make the Fruity Oaty Bars. Oh yes! They did!!
B0043OUZW2|5.0|Just picked this up on the suggestion of a co-worker. Have to admit I was surprised how much I love it without ever listening to her before. Have always liked the sound of other female \\"rock artists\\" (i.e. - Joan Jett, Lita Ford, Lisa Marie Presley, Kelly Clarkson etc....) this fits right into that mode.
B0037KMHRY|4.0|I read an arcticle recently where the director was asked why he approached Daft Punk for the score, and he said \\"how could you not go to those guys\\". I agree, seems like the obvious choice. I've been a DP fan (not double penetration) since the moment I heard \\"Around The World\\", and this score is all I hoped for. Of course knowing it was a score I didn't expect a typical DP album like some of these 1 star morons. The music from TRON Legacy achieves what all the best scores should...it's takes you right back into the film. Just close your eyes, don the headphones and enjoy. Though \\"Derezzed\\" seemed to make it into all the trailers, there are a few other tracks with a driving beat and that heavy synth DP sound. \\"End Of Line\\" is very cool, as is \\"The Grid\\". \\"Fall\\" is quite dramatic, and \\"TRON (end titles)\\" kept me in the theatre longer than usual. 2/3 of this score is indeed mood music, but it has emotion and is still well done. I think Daft Punk succeeded in balancing electronica and symphony about as well as they could have. Oh, and the complaints about the black disc...I've played it fine in my home system, car and pc.
B002ZG981E|5.0|Very happy with this purchase. Quick delivery, made a great Christmas gift. My all time favorite movie. He liked it almost as much as I did.
B0015HOFZI|5.0|I got this as a Christmas gift for my partner. She's been in recording heaven ever since. Recorded all her 45s and the sound quality is incredible ... the old records really did have a depth that you don't hear in CDs. Once she stopped over-thinking the process, she found it extremely simple. Next will be my 45s and then our lifetime of albums (she's 62, I'm 56). She says the software program enables you to do all kinds of things with special effects and an equalizer, but for now, she's just been recording so we can get rid of the cumbersome vinyl. She gives this product a total thumbs-up. (And I'm the Christmas hero!)
0061478784|5.0|I loved this book! I loved the the plot, the world of Ingary, the characters and their relationships. Sophie and Howl are such lovable characters. After watching the movie, I decided to try reading the book. I am so glad I did. Once I finished it, I started reading it again. Howl's Moving Castle is a great read for all.
B002ZG994U|5.0|It seems that Hollywood is not giving up on turning classic television series into major studio productions since many of them are really terrible : 'THE WILD, WILD WEST' ,  'THE AVENGERS' and 'I-SPY' definitely come to my mind: but sometimes they hit it right on the money and 'THE A-TEAM' is just that movie.  The screenplay by Director Joe Carnahan, Brian Bloom who also plays the main villain and Skip Woods enhances the television characters to the point where you wish you were part of their team. Courage, honor and loyalty are part of their personalities and the superb walk through the park acting by the four characters make this film an absolute joy to watch.  You can even forgive the overdone CGI eye candy because the action and intrigue jell perfectly. I never saw it theatrically so I am going by the unrated extended cut included on this DVD and let me tell you, there is not a wasted moment.  The writers also give the cliched female character played excellently by Jessica Biel some substance and Alan Silvestri peppers the Main theme from the original series throughout the music score. Between this film and Sylvestor Stallone's 'THE EXPENDABLES', it was a great year for Action movies.  Highly recommended.
B00003CXAA|1.0|This product is as wonderful as one would expect, but the seller - authenticrarevideos - is rude, awful, and uncooperative.  I was sent the wrong thing (...ordered a collectible and got a product very obviously USED...so grossly overpaid for what I got...) and the seller refuses to cooperate on fixing the problem.  I'm writing this here because I am unable to get in to make my seller feedback worse than it already was.  I'm in the process of filing a claim with Amazon now.  Hopefully, THEY'LL stand by their word!    DO NOT DARE TO DO BUSINESS WITH THIS AMAZON SELLER!!!
B000VBIGD6|5.0|I hanve never laughed so much and as hard as I did this movie. I have watched several times and always with the same result, I see somethng I missed while laughing at some of the content. Great acting by all the actors and be prepared to laugh.
0307272702|4.0|This book was very good at breaking down the science behind these diets in a practical, studied and academic way that non-medical people like me can understand. I really enjoyed it, but on the Audible.com version that I purchased, the appendix, which is supposed to contain all the charts and food lists, is missing. I've contacted their customer service and I'm sure they'll get them to me, but just be aware that those files don't seem to be part of the audible.com version :) Otherwise, fantastic book!
0760335540|4.0|I received my projects guide with great anticipation right before X-Mas this year. We went to visit family over the holidays and I could not put it down. The photos alone are worth their weight in GOLD. Very detailed and well written. HIGHLY recommened MUST HAVE if you work on your 986 along with the Bentleys manual.
B000AM2L1O|5.0|My 2 year old carries this baby around everywhere. She has two others (one that an aunt gave her that makes noise and moves, etc) and this is her favorite by far. The vanilla scent is really quite nice, and I'm not a person who likes scented things. The face is very sweet, although you can't tell by the photos online that she has two front teeth.<br />My one and only complaint is that the clothes are not that high quality. She has had the doll for about a month and the suit is pilly already. She does sleep with it every night and throws it around the floor (she has 2 older brothers so is not the most gentle and girly of all girls) so that could be a factor in the state of the clothes.<br />Overall I would highly recommend this doll, especially for the price.
B00192IV0O|4.0|Love this CD. Each song is different. If you are not a fan you will be after listening to this CD.
0790729725|5.0|Violent movie, but it is a good one.  I love the love story and the struggles througout out the movie.
030746363X|5.0|okay so I bought the book before it was out so I could download it to the kindle app on the ipad  well who would know that everyone and their brother wanted to read my book, I was in Panera's, in a Tavern, a diner  reading on the ipad  people would come over to ask me what I was doing and on what and then went nuts with the book~  maybe it was my excitement that was contagious i dunno  I gentleman skimmed the book went back and forth on the pages and seem to have total recall  this is the best book I have invested in -in years hands down    i ended up ordering four more books that I have given to friends...thinking i want a case deal
B001IBIHQ4|2.0|I purchased this series hoping that they would be like Band of Brothers.  In their graphic depiction of the horrors of war, they match up well against that earlier series.  I suspected that, like Band of Brothers, there would be some profanity and obscenity and probably a sex scene.  But I believed that the overriding benefit would outweigh those factors.  To those who are thinking along those same lines - be forewarned.  The Pacific includes literally hundreds of uses of the F-word and S-word, at times peppering the dialogue in every single sentence, especially during the fighting scenes.  There are also at least three graphic sex scenes, two with extensive breast nudity and movements, and references to pornography and masturbation.  Whether these will dissuade you from watching this series is up to you, but I want to ensure that you are aware of this before you set your family in front of the television.
B000055ZB8|4.0|Silent movies may look silly to us today, but I can well imagine what it must have been like to see this in a theater in the 1920s.  Folks must have leaped screaming from their seats and run outside when the vampire emerged.  It is THAT good.
B000QCS8TW|5.0|There is almost nothing much to say about this book.  If you have stumbled across this and are debating reading this series.  Do it.  No if's and or's or buts.  If I could only choose one book to give the 5 star rating to in the 8-10,000 books I have read in my life, this series would be the one.
B001P06GX4|5.0|We played this game with many age groups and all enjoyed it.  It really makes you stop and pay attention to the moves you make  and not just rush into things. (Great life skill!)  We sat down thinking we would play once, but we played for several hours!  Great family game, great \\"get together\\" game!
B000007MVD|5.0|If you are into old Beatles, this is a fun set of songs from their BBC recording 1962-1966.  Nice to here music that was not recorded anywhere else.  Some old favorites and some covers of early 60's music.  Well recorded in most cases and some funny sound bites.  If you love pre - 66  Beatles, you will like this set of recordings.
B000BO0QHW|5.0|I never knew that Norman Brown was this good, I knew the guy had talent but this is great. I know he sound alot like George Benson, but he great this has to be one of his best C D's. I heard some of his music on the Oasis, I thought it was benson. I was driving had a friend in the car with me he heard the c d and thought it was the station, I said no that Mr. Browns Boy (Norman) he just smile and said i have to have dat c d great  job Norman great Music.
B002G1YPH0|2.0|The company has no interest in user friendly instructions. The screws can strip if you have to mount it more than once, which everyone surely must! While it wasn't hard to assemble the mounting base, the application of thermal paste on a quad core that is the ABSOLUTE STANDARD to live by gets chucked out the window! The copper rail system is a well conceived concept, but the surface contact design is detrimental to the whole concept of cooling. Cooler Master isn't the only company that fails in this department.    There are ridges and gaps between the copper rails (which are not flat!) so thermal paste will not spread out evenly when you mount the HS. The way it's locked down makes it impossible to guide the HS to an optimal position either. It rotates EASILY no matter how tightly you mount it if you bump your hand against it! A heat sink should have a locking system that ensures that it can only be mounted top dead center on the cpu!!! With this HS you have a limited view of how it's lined up and it easily shifts while you tighten the screws. Even attempting to suspend it with one hand while you clumsily tighten down the screws with the other (assuming you can get them lined up with the holes with one hand) still might fail as the center hole for the bracket DOES NOT LOCK the HS in it's final orientation.    You should make sure to purchase a heatsink that has a flat mounting surface, not ROUNDED with huge gaps (hello air bubbles). I should have paid attention to the reviewers who pointed out the flaw in this design. Terrbile decision. I am going to RMA this if Amazon will let me.
0760335540|5.0|For those who enjoy driving and working on their Boxster, this is a must-have book. Very well organized, easy to read, great pictures and lots of instruction allows even an amateur mechanic to work on their cars. Even if you would never attempt some of the more complicated procedures, it is very instructive to read how it is done which results in a better understanding of how these marvelous automobiles function.
030746363X|5.0|Only about 1/3 through this book and loving it so far.  Started the diet and trying to keep the book away from the teenage kids, especially the chapter on orgasms.
B001B71NOI|4.0|I have been a NIN fan for some time now, I listen to all of their cd's like over and over again. THE SLIP actually slipped my sight Because I never knew they released this one, and a friend of mines told me they have the free download on the The Nine Inch nails website, I just had to go download it. I heard some bad reviews about this album, it's really good, I felt like I was listening to some FRAGILE with some DOWNWARD SPIRAL and WITH TEETH, the reason I gave it 4 out of 5 is because it was short, I was left wanting more. Give this one a try, or just listen to it over again!!!!!!!
B000KFB4PK|2.0|Unfortunately, these watches sold out so quickly in stores that I never got to see the watch band material or latch -- only the appropriate watch face/case are showing in the box. Looking at the photo, one would never guess that the band would fall to pieces literally almost every time a child tries to wear it. It even falls apart during assembly. The entire design needs to be reworked with an eye to improving the quality. This kind of plastic is too brittle and breakable to use for a watch band/latch. I was embarrassed when the child I gave it to for Christmas dumped the parts out on the table in front of me and asked me to assemble it with him. I wished I had given him something else.
B0027MZNV0|5.0|For me, I love every book Nicholas Sparks writes! I own the Kindle and Nicholas Sparks' books are the ONLY book I refuse to order the Kindle version because I must have the hard copy!
030746363X|5.0|A friend bought both of Tim Ferris' 4 Hour books for me, and I am working my way through both, with great pleasure. As one of the first certified fitness trainers in the US, I appreciate the science as well as the philosophy of the 4 Hour Body. Ferris has failed to fall prey to the fatal error in most self-help literature -- making the process seem daunting and overwhelming. His KISS approach is both refreshing, as well as highly motivating.<br />I now have a much more sedentary job. A knee injury sidelined my marathon racewalking,and I have been struggling to try and regain the strength and endurance I enjoyed as a trainer. I am implementing the dietary advice this week, and plan to start the kettlebell routine in a few days. Stay tuned!
B001UV4XFG|5.0|I am an avid Twilight fan - read all the books - saw the movies in the theater - and watch the DVD's over and over.  This was the best so far!
B00070Q7VO|5.0|This, by far, is my favorite Michael Buble album. Great songs. One of my favorite songs is the duet that he did with Nelly Furtado titled \\"Cuando, Cuando, Cuando\\". In fact, my sister will be dancing her first wedding dance to that song.
030746363X|5.0|As a professional dieter and periodical exerciser, I have been up and down on the ole weight scale.  Being in my 50s, my body is now telling me I no longer have the option of being on the up side of the scale.  Tim's low carb eating plan fits in with just about everything now coming out about healthy eating.  The addition of beans have been the missing piece for me.  Not only am I not having hunger pains, I have become a \\"regular\\" guy. The pig out day is definitely my favorite but I need to go back and read more on limiting the sugar high.      The weight workouts have gone pretty much to plan with the ability to lift additional poundage each successive time.  The problem with weight loss is 20% of the loss is muscle, plus the fact 5lbs of muscle works off 250 calories just by its effects to your metabolism.  The other nice part of Tim's plan is it only takes me 15 minutes to knock out a great workout.     Best thing about the book is the levels of depths Tim goes into while covering each subject.  Tim makes it very easy to take what you need at your stage of development with more options as you evolve. With so much more to learn, this book is definitely not a one and done type of reading material.
B001BTG3OQ|5.0|This unit is robust and perfect for on-location and event lighting. It can work as a nice fill if you're just shooting candids inside with only one strobe (i.e., a wedding), or in a studio environment with several strobes at once. When you get several of these or other Nikon strobes together, the power of CLS really shines.<br /><br />This flash is packed with features, and as Nikon's flagship flash, it should be.<br /><br />I pair my sb-900's with Sanyo Eneloop batteries and they've performed pretty well. They're slow to charge, but you can fire off quite a few full power shots in one go. I'd recommend them as essential kit to go along with this speedlight.
0307593525|5.0|Great learning tool.  Also a great gift for anyone that cooks and wants to take it up a step or two.  Also, very informative and creative.
B000AOEMXM|5.0|I waited a while before ordering this set. I have not been disappointed. Just sorry it only lasted 4 years.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|So little Georgie has made a few more \\"enhancements\\".  Hmmmm?  People who grew up watching these films--multiple times--have screamed for George to release the originals with great picture quality.  For some reason: he refuses.<br />George Lucas' comments over the years have led me to believe he sort of resents us.  It's perfectly alright to release the films as shown in theatres, only with a more vibrant picture.  But why the resistance?<br />Simple: the original trilogy was not Lucas' vision.  He stated so in a press release.  What made him so much money is not what he really wanted.<br />I have often stated that George Lucas owes his success to the Star Wars films because of the many forces pulling at his sleeve.  He was at constant war with the studio and other executives within, as to what the picture would be; and how it would look.  Because he made compromises in key places; because Lucas was not the last word, the trilogy became the success it became.  As he gained more control, the storyline began to decline.  The last film: \\"Return of the Jedi\\" was a subpar story, with great special effects.  Only the storyline concerning the emperor, Vader and Luke saved the film.<br />The Ewoks basically being the primary force which destroyed the empire was simply ridiculous.  Oh yeah: the whole thing was a metaphor for Vietnam!  Lucas stated it plainly. Huh?  Yes: his movies showed us how a less advanced culture like the ewoks could take down the powerful empire.  Like the Viet Cong took down the USA.<br />At that point, I was glad he was ending it; and I left hoping that was the end.  Decades later I knew what was coming.  And it was terrible.<br />So buy this if you must; but George Lucas shan't receive another penny of my money--for various reasons.  His contempt for the fans being a big one.<br /><br />IN CHRIST JESUS: THE LORD GOD TRIUMPHANT Over Sin!!!<br /><br />W.
B002ZG97EC|5.0|My whole family from 3-40 years old love this movie.  I like having multiple dvd/bluray options so one is in the car, one is in the player in the house.  Seriously funny movie.
1892005034|5.0|I was looking for a better way to comumunicate with my significant other. The communication method taught in this book is simple to learn, and has been very effective for me. Rosenberg uses examples and chapter review to make it easy to learn. I highly recommend this book for couples who struggle with communication.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|This was a quick, easy read. I know it's targeted for young adults but there is a good deal of violence, so you should know your own child's sensitivities before you hand this over to them. I think by 13 or 14 most kids are fine to read it, but I know of many 11 and 12 year olds for whom this might not be appropriate. The lead character is very likeable and it's no surprise this is being adapted into a motion picture.
B000FZETIO|5.0|I am very happy with the product and customer service I received. The purchase went as smooth as it could an I received the product before its arrival date.
030746363X|5.0|What can I say? This book is simply amazing. If your a human and interested in your body this book is worth the money and then some! It's amazing it's taken this long for someone to come out with a book like this, but Tim definitely does it right! It took three years to finish and you can tell why, this book is THICK and full of condensed info. A lot of books have \\"filler\\" where they beat around the fact to fill pages. This book seems like it started out TOO long and had to be condensed even more to make it thinner than a websters dictionary! Amazons price is great! and if you submit the receipt email to Tims website, you get the PDF for free! Pretty good deal!
B0026P3G12|5.0|Got this for my wife for Christmas. I got her other things she asked for but this was the present. She absolutely loves it. There are some songs on here that are hard to cover well but Susan Boyle does it.
B0036EBARO|5.0|I guess I better start off by saying I am a huge Goldfrapp fan and feel that they can do no wrong. On first listen of Head First I found the album to be rather boring. The more I listened to it the more I came to love it. The deal was sealed when I saw them perform in Moscow. Amazing. I liked the Seventh Tree and Supernature but this one has many memorable songs on it.     Listening to Alive (track 3) on your way to work will make your morning.
B002ZG98C8|5.0|I loved this movie because: I thought the trailer from Grindhouse was a hoot; I like everything Rodriguez has done; Danny Trejo deserved a shot at being The Star; I don't care enough about the extras to wait for another version; but most because the plot is a not so subtle political and worldview commentary as well as a blood and gore action movie. Of course, you have to be a hardcore Democrat to think the political snideness is funny, but I am and I did.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I consider myself a pretty in shape person (I am a runner) and I was blown away by this DVD.  I started on level 1 thinking it was going to be easy but let me tell you, 2 days later I am so sore.  This worked muscles that I never worked before.    I am actually looking forward to going home to work out!  Definitely recommend to others!
0307272702|5.0|I am not an over-the-top type, but if you have ANY interest in diet and health (even if only from a public policy standpoint), you really need to read this.  Really.    I try to watch my weight and health, and to stay on the lean side, but I have never been substantially overweight, so I am not one of the many who have struggled painfully with obesity; I mention this solely to let you know my evaluation of this book does not need to be filtered for potential \\"desperation bias.\\"    It is just astounding:  Virtually everything you think you \\"know,\\" the product of the last 40 years or so of guidance from doctors and the government on the topic of diet, health, calories, fat, etc., (a) has no empirical support and (b) is almost surely dead wrong.    That's a strong statement, but Taubes lays out his evidence, and his argument, with compelling precision.  You are not expected to take (nor should you take) anything he says on faith.  Very well written, and a very good balance of enough technical science to be informative, but not so much that a reasonably attentive reader would get bogged down.    Get it.  Read it.  Get your friends to read it.  Get your doctor to read it.
B001RIY4WE|1.0|Beware of regional codes on Blueray DVDs. I bought this DVD from Amazon  but it will not play in Australia because its in a different regain to the US, so its useless to me.      Would have liked to have had a warning from Amazon about this before I purchased this DVD.
0061438294|5.0|Joe Navarro \\"ex FBI agent\\" did a great job with the secrets in this book. (Yes it's a secret if you didn't already know how to read nonverbal body language.)Joe cites his sources very well in the book, and he also gives great illustrations on what non verbals he is going over. I found this very helpful by understanding some text that might have been challenging to visualize. The illustrations are also great for note taking, its basically a small summary on what the nonverbal meaning of what the hands, or eyes, or position a person may be in mean. Joe also gives examples of how he used such non verbals of reading people to help businesses, and or friends, as well as his place of employment (FBI). The examples are real life situations. They say you have to read a text 3 times for it to actually sink into your subconscious mind, and for you to understand. Joe actually repeats what he is going over 3 or more times, but not in a way that will bore you. He uses it by explaining,illustrations, and then his \\"real life situations.\\" I found it very easy for me to remember the things discussed in this book, and while reading certain non verbals, past situations popped in my head where someone I knew (boss, or friend) would do as Joe explained. It brought a smile to my face because now going back on the situations I knew what , and how that person must have been feeling. (wow , I know a lot of pricks!) Going forth , its going to be fun looking at peoples actions, and trying to decipher what they must be feeling. I have to say the man knows his job!! I would definitely recommend!
B00377V6J2|5.0|This album and DVD is excellent - watching Albert and Stevie make music together is a kick!  And they are so darned good together.  An excellent buy for any blues fan!
030746363X|5.0|I have skipped all over the book, read and re-read different chapters - it's all just \\"fascinating\\".  Bought a few extra copies to hand out - before I realized the sex chapters were so \\"thorough\\" - that was a little embarrassing, but, oops - go with the flow!  Working on the body fat and slow carb diet info now - swinging the kettlebell and plank-holding... adding a little bit at a time. At 45, it might take me a little longer to get super-human.    Buy it!
B001ECQ6YW|5.0|Great experience with this seller. Could not believe how quickly I got my merchandise. Would definitely order from them again.
6305903182|3.0|No spoilers here.  Read other reviews for that.  Just some thoughts...<br /><br />I give this movie 3 1/2 stars.<br /><br />I saw this movie in the theater when it came out.  It's a pretty good slasher movie.  It stars David Arquette, Courteney Cox Arquette, Neve Campbell, Patrick Dempsey, Jenny McCarthy, Deon Richmond, and Parker Posey.<br /><br />It's a slasher movie that pays homage to other horror films of the past.  It also spoofs them.  It's definitely a different kind of horror movie.  I would categorize this as a movie that appeals mostly to a teenage audience.  I say this not only because of what's on the screen, but also the soundtrack, which features songs from then-current bands (some of which are still active), such as Creed, Slipknot, System Of A Down, Sevendust, Godsmack, Incubus, Coal Chamber, etc.<br /><br />I heard that Scream and Scream 2 are better than this one.  I have yet to see those movies.  I plan on seeing them in the not too distant future.
030746363X|5.0|The things that Tim did to himself in order to write this are ridiculous. There's something in here for everyone, and just reading it was motivation for me to be more aware of what I eat, how I exercise, and how I think about my health.     My biggest issue with the book is that all of the information is spread out in the text and so condensing it into a plan for reference can take some work. The format is for readability and is good in that sense but if you are trying to take a quick look at the information in one chapter it's not so easy.    Great book though, and even if you attempt nothing that he describes (though you absolutely should), it's worth reading just to make you think.
B001S86J2Q|4.0|Olivia Newton-John and John Travolta are at some of their best here and in their prime.  If you like Musicals, it's worth the time spent watching it.
B0042AEOG0|5.0|I loved all the songs on the Mariah's CD.I listened to it over and over and over. Hahaha!
034537410X|5.0|Trust me; buy this book. I have yet to find a more informative guide to Lucid dreaming. LaBerge provides various techniques, steps, and more. Through the help of this book, I've been able to recall dreams much more frequently, expand my awareness even in my waking life, and have had episodes of lucid dreams.
030746363X|5.0|This book is a great entertaining read,  enough science to make you wonder, which makes you think which leads to questions, lots of back links and ways to find more information.  I love Timothy's writing style and am actually buying his other books because I enjoyed his writing style in this one.      If nothing else I learned about L-Glutamine and Leaky Gut Syndrome from this book and if that helps me clear up my digestive problems the one sentence in the book is worth the price.  I think there is something in here for everyone to learn and lots of stuff that I have a better understanding of now that I have read the book.
031603438X|4.0|It's reasonable to expect alternative guitar tunings to be a fair subject for dissertation in the autobiography of one of history's most famous exponents of the instrument. How best to smuggle `controlled substances' through international customs, along with guidance on ingesting said substances would also be conspicuous should they be absent from the account of a man whose very existence has become a byword for Byronian excess. Even the knife fight advice, \\"Never use the blade - use it as a distraction while you kick their balls to kingdom come...\\" is quite at home in the story of a man whose self-styled urban pirate persona is more or less the template for any aspiring rock n roller: but `jolly hocky stick'recollections of being a member of the Beaver Patrol of the Seventh Dartford Scouts? Or a recipe for bangers & mash?! \\"...let the f*****s rock gently, turning every few minutes...\\"<br />Surprises galore await in Keith Richards' autobiography `Life' in which the Rolling Stones' riff machine gives us the inside (ahem) dope on one of the most remarkable sagas in rocklore. Most of the legendary plot points are all present and correct - the Redlands drugs bust, Mars Bar mythology, hurricane Palenberg, the death of Brian Jones, the horror of Altamont and tax exile on mainstreet - or the Villefranche-sur-mer to be precise.<br />Perhaps, inevitably, he adds little to what we (think we) know about those land mark events as so much had been said about them already. (And continues to be said - Pop will eat itself right?)<br />The real jewel in the crown is his account of how he and thousands of other young British kids discovered and devoured rhythm & blues, resulting in a street level revolution which begat the `British blues boom'.<br />The result, according to the history books, is that the British bands that emerged from this phenomenon turned white America on to black music, who had hitherto been virtually oblivious to it due to segregation. But before we get too smug, his account of how blues purists were horrified to find that visiting black American artists had `gone electric' pretty much sums up the inverse racism of those supposedly against it. Artists such as Muddy Waters, Jimmy Reed and John Lee Hooker were sophisticated, street-wise urbanites. When they appeared on our stages not in dungarees, chewing straw and carrying battered old acoustics mumbling \\"Yes'm boss\\", but in sharp suits and playing Fenders and Gibsons, it caused all manner of hostility.<br />It's also interesting to note that he, like so many of his counterculture contemporaries, all embraced the dream of cosy surburbia. Richards, like Lennon, Clapton, Page et al all wound up married with children and living in the stockbroker belt: the ideal of the previous generation to which they were all supposedly in rebellion against.<br />With a reputation that can do nothing but precede him `Keef' can afford to be blas&eacute; about his many brushes with death when so many in his orbit have gone to their great reward. He acknowledges that his persona is largely a fantasy of the public and he's always been up for giving them what they want - and a fine job he's done of it too. Many have tried and failed to achieve this death defying high wire act, which makes the kernel of his book a users guide to surviving stardom; but as the man says, `Don't try this at home.'f how blues purists were horrified to find that visiting black American artists had `gone electric' pretty much sums up the inverse racism of those supposedly against it. Artists such as Muddy Waters, Jimmy Reed and John Lee Hooker were sophisticated, street-wise urbanites. When they appeared on our stages not in dungarees, chewing straw and carrying battered old acoustics mumbling \\"Yes'm boss\\", but in sharp suits and playing Fenders and Gibsons, it caused all manner of hostility.   It's also interesting to note that he, like so many of his counterculture contemporaries, all embraced the dream of cosy surburbia. Richards, like Lennon, Clapton, Page et al all wound up married with children and living in the stockbroker belt: the ideal of the previous generation to which they were all supposedly in rebellion against.   With a reputation that can do nothing but precede him `Keef' can afford to be blas about his many brushes with death when so many in his orbit have gone to their great reward. He acknowledges that his persona is largely a fantasy of the public and he's always been up for giving them what they want - and a fine job he's done of it too. Many have tried and failed to achieve this death defying high wire act, which makes the kernel of his book a users guide to surviving stardom; but as the man says, `Don't try this at home.'
B00280LYIC|4.0|My review is for the Kindle version.    Overall Story: 4/5  Characters: 3.5/5  Ease of Read: 5/5  Price: 5/5    I'm a huge Harry Potter fan and decided to read The Lighting Thief after getting recommendations from friends. I thought that the book was exciting and very interesting. It started off a little slow, but when I got about a third of the way through the book I couldn't put it down. If you're really interested in Greek mythology and Gods/Titans, you'll love this. One thing to note - the character Percy is supposed to be 12 years old in the novel but the words and conversations he has to not seem to fit his age.  You'll feel like he's much older to realize when he mentions it that he's only 12 years old. I think that his sidekicks are great additions to the story and the entire back story between Zeus and Poseidon is super interesting. I like that the author explains a lot of the more obscure mythology that one wouldn't necessarily know right away for ease of the story.  This book is not as dark as Harry Potter and I think it's perfect for kids.  They are only going to want to go on quests of their own after reading the book!
0061231401|5.0|I received the book in the condition (new) as stated. It arrived on time and was well packed. I really look forward to reading this book and ordering more in the series. I will order from your company again knowing I will get good service.
B002PEP4SC|4.0|This book read like an episode of the TV show from which it is based - so I can't say it was anything extraordinary but that said, I am a huge fan of the TV show. Castle is about a murder mystery author who shadows NYPD's finest detectives and helps them solve the cases. The whole premise of this book is based on the TV characters with the author, Castle, writing it! It was fun to visualize the TV characters in my mind as I read Heat Wave. I hear the next book in the series is even better - so of course I will be reading it - and wondering who the \\"real\\" author is.
B00076RT24|4.0|I thought this movie was better than the other prequels because alot of real environments were used (such as Mos Espa) rather than green screens.<br />Although using computer graphics for the droids may have been cool in 1999; today the computer models look worse than in some video games I've played.<br /><br />I think everyone agrees this movie could have been better, and more could have been done with Darth Maul, however I still think its a pretty cool movie.
030746363X|5.0|I devoured The 4 Hour Work Week and loved the simple strategies at making life more efficient and enjoyable.  Overwhelmed at work?  Go on a low-information diet. Need to lose a few pounds?  Try slow carbs.  So when I heard about the 4 Hour Body... I COULD NOT WAIT to get my hands on it and it hasn't let me down.  Read a chapter, perform the two takeaways, watch your body change.  You still have to do the work, but Tim cuts through the marketing and fake science and gives your the tools you need to see changes.
B002ZG99CC|5.0|Great Movie gave it as a gift to a 10 year old and watched it with him.  Renewed his interest in Martial Arts.
030746363X|5.0|No doubt, you're the man Tim. You did it again with 4 Hour Body. Just like with 4 Hour Week, which helped me tremendously in my life changing process, the 4 Hour Body is another life changing book.
B002LMV7TS|5.0|Lost track of the original DVD we had, but his Blu Ray brings it all back to life. Great classic story with a new twist.
0061537969|5.0|Great read. Very creative to write from the dog's point of view. How often do we wonder what our pets are thinking? Bittersweet, yet heartwarming.
030746363X|5.0|I bought this as an audio book to listen to on a drive to Ventura for New Year's. I wanted something to inspire me for the annual New Year's resolution of \\"lose weight and get in shape\\". I actually have this resolution every Sunday night too. I loved the audio book. I especially like the science but I was raised by a professor emeritus at Duke in physiology and I am a science junkie. My kids are biochemists and biologists and our idea of fun is to talk \\"science\\" but my husband lost interest during the sciencey stuff. I love his OCD randon stream of conciousness style because I am the same way. I also love the fact that he is a sort of \\"cheater\\". I know all you professional exercisers think he should be more of a lifestyle preacher but I disagree. Yay for minimums! In a world that always over demands-how refreshing! I am giving my favorite new diet dude a 21 day trial. On my binge day all I could think about was fruit, cheese and crusty whole wheat ACME bread....my husband was all about Klondike bars. To each his own... anyway-we'll see. I spend HOURS on the puter, reading writing and it's never enough time so I appreciate the minimal message. Now if I could just get the nerve to jump into the frigid swinmming pool I'd be scot free haha. Oh and he says over and over that this is personal, and since I am an orgasmic female that section was boring BTW but remember this works on a man many of his suggestions, are his, so just take with a grain of salt enjoy it oh and buy both-it's a great audio but I'd like to have a signed copy-hint hint. Tim I'll be in touch- keep writing!!
1926778103|3.0|It's been said before but I think Udon should've put a lot more effort into making this book.  Some of the artwork is scrunched into tiny little panels where you can't even appreciate it.  There are also times when you'll come across a near empty page with a single panel floating all alone in the upper left corner.  And the binding is just plain terrible.  My pages haven't fallen out yet but I can see that they are starting to.  My only consolation is the fact that I used an amazon gift card to buy this book which in the end cost me a total of a dollar.  So I got my money's worth.  I would not pay full price for this product.
B004EJ14V2|5.0|Easy A follows and yet also transcends the \\"Hughes Formula\\" for successful coming of age teen movies. It does so lovingly, without being overly preachy, and without turning too many of the characters into cardboard cut-outs... Epic performances by the main protagonist, and her parents - I wish I could've had parents exactly like that, and aspire to be half as cool myself.      I really didn't have high expectations here, but since reviews here and elsewhere were generally positive, I gave it a shot. So glad I did, and hope many others will be encouraged to do the same.
030726999X|5.0|I did not like this one as much as the others, but not because of the content or anything, I just... Didn't want it to be over.  I knew that this would be the last book in the series and that really upset me.  I tried to draw out the amount of time I spent reading it, but just like with the first two, I couldn't put it down.  Now I'm sad that Lisbeth and Mikail will be no more.
B0001GOH6Q|3.0|DVD skipped a whole scene. Didn't find this out until the person I gave to as a X-mas gift watched it. Not such a great gift I guess. I Kind of knew it wouldn't play perfect due to the scratches.
0307454541|5.0|I don't know why this book has an average rating of 3 and bit stars because it is probably one of the most darkly fabulous books ever.  It is definitely a guilty, guilty pleasure.  It has a dark plot that will keep you on the edge of your seat.  Plus, it works in the personal lives of the characters really well.  And there is one gruesomely grotesque scene in which you want to stop reading but can't and then you want Lisbeth to do even more damage and it's just... there are no words.  I wish the author hadn't died!!!  One of my favorite books.
0316789720|5.0|My son loves this book for learning to draw!  The author has some other drawing books too and really loves them all.
030745455X|5.0|Just as good as the first book in the series.  The \\"case\\" that Mikael works is not quite as interesting to me, but that does not take away from the book at all.  I just love this series. Can't get enough.
030746363X|5.0|Totally easy to understand and after the first week pretty easy to do. My husband and I are focusing only on the \\"Slow Carb Diet\\" and then adding in some of the exercises later this week. It has been two weeks and we have lost several inches!!     Oh and 15 Minute Female Orgasm! Um... Awesome!!!
030746363X|5.0|In the bookstore when I cracked it open to the part on testosterone (of which I've been dealing with lately) I knew I was gonna buy it. The part on orgasm is icing on the cake. Doing the lose wight part right now. Starting my 2nd week. Right before my binge day was feeling good. Excited about binging. Half way thru started to feel like crap. Couldn't wait for it to be over and start back on diet.  Im excited about being healthy again. Been to a few doctors this last year and I am very disappointed in them and the medical industry as a whole. My turn!
B002PL8SWY|1.0|I was always more of a Beatles fan than a Stones fan.  Get yer ya-ya's out was a great album, primarily for it's energy.  More than any band I've ever heard, the Stones get away with really sloppy musicianship on their live albums and this one is no exception.  My lasting impression of the \\"bonus\\" 2nd CD - which I will never listen to again - is how incredibly out of tune Keith is on virtually every song.  And, on all the live Stones' recordings that I've heard, the band is very frequently out of tune with each other and with themselves.  They blow endings, they blow changes, and they get away with it every time.  Listen to \\"Shine a Light\\" if you don't believe me.    Once, on a televised awards show back in the early 80s, the Stones were given a \\"lifetime achievement\\" award.  Mick spoke for the group and one of the comments he made was to thank \\"all the suckers that buy our music\\".  (This isn't an exact quote, but it's VERY close.)  This boxed set displays that attitude to the nth degree.
B003EYVXTG|5.0|What an awesome movie, would have did well with some well place marketing. If you live in the MidWest, it felt like it could have been filmed in many of our small rural communities.
0141439807|3.0|It seems that Jane Austen liked \\"Mansfield Park\\" better than anything she had done before.  With all due respect to her many excellent qualities, I can't agree with that judgment.  That's the advantage of the formalist approach, in which the author's opinion of the work carries no more weight than anyone else's - guilt-free disagreement with Miss Jane.  I suspect that would be just fine with her; she was no conformist.<br /><br />Indeed, as with most of her work, \\"Mansfield Park\\" concerns itself very closely with the dangers of conformity.  In this case, the Bertram family, and their friends and relatives, get into trouble because of conformity not such much with social rules, but with fashion, peer pressure, or even each other.  As our story begins, the aristocratic Bertrams have had their poor cousin Fanny Price in their home for several years.  She's far too conscious of her station to rebuke her relations, but she sees them stumble into inappropriate and sometimes immoral activity and is not fooled.<br /><br />So far, for you Austen fans, Fanny Price is the Mr. Darcy, Lady Russell, Elinor Dashwood or Mr. Knightley of \\"Mansfield Park\\" - that is, the keen and practical observer of what's really going on.  Unlike the keen and practical observers of other Austeniana, however, Fanny rarely speaks up.  Then again, she has a lot more to lose.  Even the best-intentioned people in this story behave with insensitivity at best, and some seem to genuinely hate her.<br /><br />As a matter of fact, for the first several chapters of \\"Mansfield Park,\\" there's no one at all to root for.  Even Fanny herself is far too wimpy to sympathize with, at least to the modern reader.  Her uncle Bertram, though generous, is unthinkingly cruel in his manner.  Her aunt Bertram can barely rouse herself to anything but her own comfort.  Cousins Maria and Julia are vain and condescending, cousin Thomas devotes himself to wild living, cousin Edmund the future clergyman is too busy moralizing to notice that Fanny is in love with him.  Henry and Mary Crawford, the Bertrams' neighbors, are a couple of hypocrites at best, and the less said about Aunt Norris, the better.<br /><br />So you have to slog through page after page of nasty behavior, presented under the guise of propriety and standards, and it's really enough to make you sick.  It's all backstory, of course - the story proper doesn't begin until the setup's complete - but that just makes it drag all the more.  And to top it all off, because she had taken up a serious theme this time, Jane Austen restrained her delicious sense of irony and wrote the whole thing straight.  She recovered her lightness of touch toward the finale, but the damage is done.<br /><br />If there's any irony in \\"Mansfield Park\\" at all, it has to do with values and virtue.  Far more obviously than in most of her other work (where it was pretty obvious nevertheless), characters in this novel pay lip service to things like loving your neighbor as yourself while behaving in exactly the opposite manner.  Several of these people constantly lecture Fanny about how grateful she ought to be to the Bertrams for all they've done - lecture her in such a tone that you'd think she'd just cursed them all roundly.  Others loudly sermonize about things they hold dear and proceed to chase after romantic partners who value exactly the opposite things.  Or they just assure everyone \\"I can make do with very little\\" while subtly demanding huge accommodations to their comfort.  In short, they value appearances over substance.  Meanwhile, Fanny goes about in virtual silence, doing all that virtue demands and never complaining that people don't notice.<br /><br />Since Austen began \\"Mansfield Park\\" with the intention of considering the clergy, it's worth noting that Fanny seems to value ancient Biblical principle over contemporary devotion to appearances - the gospel of Matthew does, after all, say something about praying in your room with the door shutso no one can see you.  It's all constructed beautifully, but as I said, I wish that Miss Jane had really let these people have it, as she did elsewhere.  I've said before that novels have plenty of room for moral examination, but you can get the same thing from a sermon.  If it's to be a novel, it needs more.  And \\"Mansfield Park\\" does not lack for entertainment value, but Austen did not play to her strengths here.<br /><br />This, then, is the lament of a Jane Austen fan who admires the author for stretching out into unfamiliar territory, but will soon return to \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" with a sigh of relief.  If Miss Jane, who completed only six novels, had lived longer, she would very likely have polished up her ability to treat serious subjects seriously (as well as treating serious subject lightly, which she was brilliant at).  She certainly had the talent and the chops.  And when it comes to admiring those with the courage of their convictions, like Fanny Price, Austen did at least have time to return to that theme in \\"Persuasion\\", maybe her best piece.  Yes, although I didn't enjoy \\"Mansfield Park\\" all that much, I admire Austen for aiming high and missing, rather than staying in her comfort zone.  For that and other reasons, I agree that (as someone else once put it) Jane Austen was probably better than we deserve.<br /><br />Benshlomo says, You don't have to enjoy noble failures, but you have to admire the willingness to fail.so no one can see you.  It's all constructed beautifully, but as I said, I wish that Miss Jane had really let these people have it, as she did elsewhere.  I've said before that novels have plenty of room for moral examination, but you can get the same thing from a sermon.  If it's to be a novel, it needs more.  And \\"Mansfield Park\\" does not lack for entertainment value, but Austen did not play to her strengths here.<br /><br />This, then, is the lament of a Jane Austen fan who admires the author for stretching out into unfamiliar territory, but will soon return to \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" with a sigh of relief.  If Miss Jane, who completed only six novels, had lived longer, she would very likely have polished up her ability to treat serious subjects seriously (as well as treating serious subject lightly, which she was brilliant at).  She certainly had the talent and the chops.  And when it comes to admiring those with the courage of their convictions, like Fanny Price, Austen did at least have time to return to that theme in \\"Persuasion\\", maybe her best piece.  Yes, although I didn't enjoy \\"Mansfield Park\\" all that much, I admire Austen for aiming high and missing, rather than staying in her comfort zone.  For that and other reasons, I agree that (as someone else once put it) Jane Austen was probably better than we deserve.<br /><br />Benshlomo says, You don't have to enjoy noble failures, but you have to admire the willingness to fail.
B0042EJD8A|5.0|My family and I recently bought this and viewed it. We used to live in Michigan which, if you have seen the oil & gas map in this documentary you know is one of the (maybe the ONLY)all red states. During the time we lived there, there was a tremendous upsurge in already existing natural gas drilling and the companies came around to sub-divisions, farmers, every property owner,offering to buy mineral rights. Everybody in our sub-division except us sold their mineral rights for $100. Pretty cheap for a soul, wouldn't you say? Since everybody else did it, it wouldn't have mattered that we didn't because the drills would have been all over our backyards, too; but we never did and would never, ever do that. We would also never buy property that did not come with the mineral rights. Soon after, new drilling began in the area - not in our immediate neighborhood yet but in the area - and people could then see what Hell they had bought for their $100. Michigan now shows as \\"all red\\" on the map, meaning there are natural gas wells and pipeline and storage tanks everywhere there. There were reports of \\"sour gas\\" (if I recall the terminology correctly) water and gas wells in western Michigan, water wells contaminated, tap water set on fire, etc. When BP and Halliburton recently displaced the Gulf of Mexico waters with oil (i.e. \\"spill\\"), it was also disclosed that BP has plans to drill for natural gas under Lake Michigan. LAKE MICHIGAN, people, one of the most beautiful features on the planet and one of Nature's most magnificent marvels, the Great Lakes, and the planet's largest repository of fresh water!<br />Is there nothing these villains won't destroy? And when all the fresh water is either contaminated (BP, Massey Coal, natural gas companies) or privatized and sold in plastic bottles (Nestle), will people drink oil? America and the world better wake up fast because it's all being destroyed for the outrageous (and short-sighted) profit of the few and/or the stupid. Michigan has also permitted the \\"mining\\" of its once pristine, marvelous waters by Nestle and sold in plastic bottles as \\"Ice Mountain\\". Some brave citizens tried to fight it but ungodly amounts of water are still being removed and sold off. We humans are so blessed to live on this wonderful planet and so unimaginably stupid as we foul it and ruin it. Watch \\"Gasland\\", folks! I wish Michael Moore and Josh Fox would team up to do a \\"gasland\\" specifically about Michigan. Also watch \\"Flow\\" about what is being done to our water. Also fight against mountaintop removal mining in Appalachia where the Appalachian mountains are being destroyed as well as the magnificent mountain waters and ecology of the region. \\"Clean coal\\" and \\"clean natural gas\\" - what B.S.  And people, be careful about mineral rights; you may find a natural gas well in your own front or back yard. Do you know that there are people in Michigan who sold their rights in exchange for \\"free\\" natural gas for life? Free to them, but expensive as Hell for the planet!<br /><br />Buy the \\"Gasland\\" DVD. Buy copies for your friends and family. Buy a copy for your local library. Do the same for \\"Flow\\" and for the books and DVDs about mountaintop removal! Join the annual march on Washington about mountaintop removal (see ilovemountains.org) in April!  We must stand up to these rapacious plundering predators and those they can buy off and save our nation!s also permitted the \\"mining\\" of its once pristine, marvelous waters by Nestle and sold in plastic bottles as \\"Ice Mountain\\". Some brave citizens tried to fight it but ungodly amounts of water are still being removed and sold off. We humans are so blessed to live on this wonderful planet and so unimaginably stupid as we foul it and ruin it. Watch \\"Gasland\\", folks! I wish Michael Moore and Josh Fox would team up to do a \\"gasland\\" specifically about Michigan. Also watch \\"Flow\\" about what is being done to our water. Also fight against mountaintop removal mining in Appalachia where the Appalachian mountains are being destroyed as well as the magnificent mountain waters and ecology of the region. \\"Clean coal\\" and \\"clean natural gas\\" - what B.S.  And people, be careful about mineral rights; you may find a natural gas well in your own front or back yard. Do you know that there are people in Michigan who sold their rights in exchange for \\"free\\" natural gas for life? Free to them, but expensive as Hell for the planet!        Buy the \\"Gasland\\" DVD. Buy copies for your friends and family. Buy a copy for your local library. Do the same for \\"Flow\\" and for the books and DVDs about mountaintop removal! Join the annual march on Washington about mountaintop removal (see ilovemountains.org) in April!  We must stand up to these rapacious plundering predators and those they can buy off and save our nation!
0307454541|5.0|This is the first volume of a trilogy series including The Girl Who Played With Fire and The Girl Who Kicked The Hornets Nest. The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo drags a little in the beginning as you go thru all the family members in a mystery disappearance. However, once the pace picks up it runs like a freight train thru the entire trilogy. I could not stop reading the 3 book series until I had read all three books. It just keeps getting better and better and the plot keeps on ramping up with more and more action. I loved it!
0817439390|3.0|Having both run a photo business and been a high school teacher (both science and photography), I tutor a lot of beginners in photography and I have been looking for a book to recommend to them.  Although this book is not organized the way I would prefer, it is reasonably good and will help the beginning photographer learn some of the fundamentals.  It's biggest faults are in the author's distain for any use of the histogram, saying nothing about computer processing (which is the second half of the photographer's task - just like learning the darkroom years ago), and giving such slight coverage to such topics as flash fill.  I am also disturbed that the book is of only two components: words and photographs.  He has ignored the usefulness of diagrams which can be such important learning tools.  One example: a diagram of a series of lens apertures, labeled with f/stops below them would be such an efficient way to get the idea across.  Instead he uses words, which can easily be misinterpreted.    It is OK for beginners, but I'll keep looking for something better.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|This movie is a classic. Especially if you enjoyed the t.v. series Firefly, you need to watch this movie. It helps tie in the loose ends that the series was not able to do in one season.
6305212112|5.0|This is a the best film adaptation from a book I have seen. Now granted there are some differences but I think the movie holds its own. After watching this, I so wish I was a bee charmer.
B003L77TZI|3.0|Today's pop is on the whole pretty terrible, in fact all of the autotune music is so shallow that it's the worst pop music ever. Katy perry is not like that she doesn't make hip hop slop or autotune junk so good for her!, she at least has a band BEHIND her. She has alot of fun here and that's cool. I don't think the cover is that sexy though, I always thought even as a TEEN that skimpy clothes on a hot woman was the bomb. Check out the vastly talented late teena maries covers. nuditys fine but she makes decent pop for today which is cool Butt,  I mean but, one can only hope that we can get away from any type of remixing , that's now been done to death and remains the shallow death of musicality.  At least Katys alot more real than any hip hopper. So kudos for that.
B0041T4ML4|5.0|Why there is NO Europe Kindle edition? I bought Kindle to be able to buy all books from Amazon, I don't really get it...
B002OSUUPQ|5.0|I have studied the four agreements several times over the years and find it a good recipe to live by. So we have gathered a group of people to listen to the cd's together and discuss how we can make it work in our lives everyday. I think it is one of the products that can help us be better people if that is what we want.  Sincerely  Prof. Coleman
B0036TGSIK|1.0|I give this a one star out of 5 for the following reasons:     1) I love cute teen comedies like \\"10 Things I Hate about You,\\" \\"Can't Hardly Wait,\\" \\"17 Again,\\" \\"Never Been Kissed,\\" and everything by John Hughes, and this one doesn't even come close to those    2) The acting was really, really, really bad from everyone (even amazing actors like Stanley Tucci, Patricia Clarkson, Lisa Kudrow, and Thomas Hayden Church)     3) The script/plot was all over the place and maybe I'm just used to unrushed, yet fun and interesting movies like the ones mentioned in #1, but I had no idea what was going on or what the hell anyone was talking about. Or maybe I'm just slow :)     4) The movie did not feel genuine. Before you say, \\"IT'S A MOVIE!\\" a quality teen comedy can suspend your disbelief and make you reminisce/cringe (in a good way.) In one of my favorites, \\"17 Again,\\" where a disgrunted businessman (Matthew Perry) is switched in the body of his high school self (Zack Efron) so he can go back and help his own kids who are in high school and try to repair the relationship with his estranged wife (Leslie Mann,)the acting is amazing. Zack Efron has great chemistry with everyone from his weirdo best friend to his \\"wife\\" to his \\"son.\\" The feelings feel real and the movie, although fun and fast-paced takes it's time and hardly ever feels like the writers are \\"trying too hard,\\"--maybe once or twice. Easy A was the total opposite. I didn't feel a connection with any of the characters or the script on any level.     5) It is embarrassing that scripts this bad are not only produced, but actually do well. To me, this was the high school equivalent of \\"Dude, Where's My Car?\\"    6) I didn't even have the patience to finish this. I would rather watch Jersey Shore, and I hate Jersey Shore.
0062064304|5.0|This book is packed! Often times I have found many \\"art of\\" books very lacking in actual art. (concepts, designs, etc) This book is crammed with them. Highly recommended for anyone who is interested in sci-fi movie designs.
B002ZG981E|5.0|Great Movie, Acting, Special effects.  However might need to watch it twice. ;O)  You need to pay attention.  Love it.
B000002G7E|5.0|I could listen to Sister Ray forever. It never seems like it's going to stop. The whole album has this other worldly feel. Like it existed always.
0760335540|5.0|I have owned my 2002 Boxster for almost 3 years and have had very few issues with it, but I have been looking for a repair manual or book to help me when things come up. I have a 2 local dealers that have been good to work with and there are a few independant shops that I haven't checked out yet, but I like to do the work myself when possible. The cash saved is nice, but for me it is more about learning about the car and the feeling of accomplishment from doing the work yourself. I have the Bentley manual, which has been helpful, but I think Wayne's book is the best option. He goes into more detail, has better pictures, and covers the known issues and most popular OEM and aftermarket modifications for the Boxster. If you have a Boxster, you should have this book!
B002ZG981E|4.0|Terrific thrill ride that is only enhanced by the Blu-ray quality images.  It did take me several viewings to truly understand the complex plot.  The DVD copy of the movie is a nice addition.  The extras disc Blu-ray seems quite boring but \\"oh well.\\" I didn't by the set for that anyway.
B003A4IFGY|5.0|My husband has played this one solid since I gave it to him for his birthday.  He thinks it is the best music that Tom Petty has ever produced.
B002ZG99QS|4.0|Overview:<br /><br />A program created in his own image ...Clu. This movie mirrors the Genesis creation story. In the same way that God created man in his own image and likeness... Kevin Flynn (Jeff Bridges) creates Clu in his own image and likeness. The objective was for Clu to help him to perfect the digital Grid that he made. However, Clu, like man in his own curiosity, rebels against his creator. Here is where the story diverges, in that Clu turns Flynn into a captive of the Grid.<br /><br />Plot:<br /><br />Sam Flynn (Garret Hedlund) loses his father at 12 years of age. Now as a young adult, he is a bit deviant. One day a strange text is received by his surrogate father, Alan Bradley (Bruce Boxleitner, who also acts as Tron) on his pager. The message is from Kevin's office, where the line has been disconnected years ago. Based on this message, Sam goes to their old arcade center, where he is then absorbed into the Grid.<br /><br />Cinematics:<br /><br />This movie is a digital graphics wonder. The artistic designs are simply breath taking to behold. At times, its hard to believe that all the visuals are mainly computer generated images.<br /><br />The activities include: an updated versions of the disc game and the light cycle game. Omitted are the tanks and the cone games. The vehicle initiations are excellent, a baton like object is thrown and as the user grabs it, the entire vehicle is quickly rendered out. Simply impressive.<br /><br />Conclusion:<br /><br />This film is a must see for all techies and Sci-fi fans, While the plot is not a mind bender, the action sequences are very engaging. Also there is some emotional depth contained in this film. Old TRON fans may want to add this to their collection.
B000IFQLSW|5.0|Great great bunch of songs and artists.  What a history lesson thrown in for good measure.  All the effort that he and his crew put in to capture all this music was beautiful to witness.
B00000DR5D|5.0|Ricochet is an album put together out of live material collected from Tangerine Dream's English and French tour in 1975, following the release of Rubycon. Although there is some audience noise at the very beginning and very end of this composition, it stops as soon as music starts, as the band's intention was to make this record feel like a very unusual hybrid album. This is the only explanation for excluding the audience noise from the end of part one and from the beginning of part two of this arrangement,  besides the very obvious fact that peaceful and quiet environment is the best way to fully appreciate the music of Tangerine Dream. At least one part of this composition, the beautiful piano melody beginning Ricochet part two obviously was recorded in a studio. Played live among the screams and clapping its beauty would have been jeopardized, sacrificed and tarnished. The genius of this creation has a lot to do with a phenomenal editing of 40 hours of material and with the production of the final 40 minutes of this rhythmic beauty almost completely void of any ambient parts, unlike anything like that ever before done by Tangerine Dream.<br /><br />Because of its overwhelming majority of multi-layered rhythmic sections almost fully void of ambient moments approaching silence, Ricochet does not require from us the same listening awareness as many of their other great albums do. You can listen to it in a more withdrawn fashion focusing on the strength of your own composition. This album also creates a much better background to any sport or physical work related activities, than any other golden era album of Tangerine Dream. The only slower sections are short introduction and conclusion and the parts showing off Tangerine Dream's new voice synthesizer in the 7th minute of part one and another one in  the 14th and 15th minutes of part two. The energetic and optimistic atmosphere Ricochet spreads upon us is the result of a few elements at play. The unique high tempo energy of the structure of this composition is achieved by the amazing warmth and depth of the synthesizer pads used to play these rhythm loops. The other element enhancing our experience is the subtle difference between the sounds of the synthesizer pads used to generate that beat. They are constantly evolving but they stay incredible warm and pleasant to be around. The tempo of sequences also moves only so slightly; speeds up, slows down, becomes distorted, goes through an echo, vibrates, comes back to its pulsating state. This is were I am finding most of the brilliance of this particular composition.<br />Ricochet part two belongs to some of my favorite music by Tangerine Dream. From the beginning piano introduction through the multiple-layered rhythm loops, to the spectacular 17th minute motif (which could have been dedicated to Miles Davis and inspired by his Bitches` Brew) and till the very last moments, this music's energy is one of consolidated greatness. The synergy between this golden crew of Tangerine Dream achieved its subtle perfection during their recording of Rubycon earlier that same year. There is a certain energy captured within the music of the first half of Ricochet's part two which reminds me of another 1975 opus magnum, Ommadawn. Within that album there is thus energy of 'becoming' captured brilliantly in Mike's evolving  guitar solo. I sense similar energy in this synthesizer motif of this part of Ricochet. The rhythm coming to us in the following minutes has on the other hand this Jean Michel Jarre feel to it. Since Ricochet proceeds Oxygen and this music was played live by Tangerine Dream in France, I wonder how affected Jean Michel was by it. Perhaps his experience of this creation lifted his spirit towards his own airborne creations of the following months.<br /><br />If I needed to chose just one composition of Tangerine Dream to take with me for an extended period of time, there is a big chance I would take Ricochet with me. I truly lovethe space this energetic album puts me in. And it does not require as much attention from me as my favorite composition of Tangerine Dream, the majestic and magical Invisible Limits.rgetic album puts me in. And it does not require as much attention from me as my favorite composition of Tangerine Dream, the majestic and magical Invisible Limits.
B003V1WXKU|5.0|Hey you, read this book.<br /><br />I mean -- you don't have to unless you really want to, but I figure if you found your way here somehow you will probably like the book.  I know I did.<br /><br />Mr. Feynamn suffered from an intellectual ADD of the best kind.  He was an amateur radio repairman, a safe cracker, a drummer, an artist, and a prankster.<br /><br />In this book, he tells the stories of his life, not in any particular chronological order, but with a sense of verve and wit that breaks down the stereotypes of what many imagine a scientist to be.<br /><br />Oh, yes, I almost forgot; he was a scientist.  Maybe that's understating things -- he was a Nobel-Prize winning physicist.  His mind is fun to hang out in for the hours you wander the pages.<br /><br />Again, just read this book.
B002NC8JEC|5.0|Love my Jackson xmas cd. I owned the album when I was young. I grew up listening to the Jacksons. I brought the cd when my first child was born over 20 years ago. I wanted her to experience the Jackson xmas like I did when I grew up. Somehow the album and the cd seemed to walk out of my house. So this year I purchase the cd again- I have a second child and he too needed to experience the Jackson xmas. LOL -looking back I have had this same xmas collection 3x's in my life span. Now that's a fan
030746363X|5.0|Very helpful book for body hacking. It is a beast at almost 600 pages. You will want to read this post on Tim's blog so that you can focus on the chapters that will yield the most return for you.    [...]    \\"The only mandatory sections are \\"Fundamentals\\" and \\"Ground Zero.\\" Here are some popular goals, along with the corresponding chapters to read in the order listed:    RAPID FAT-LOSS    - All chapters in \\"Fundamentals\\"  - All chapters in \\"Ground Zero\\"  - \\"The Slow-Carb Diet I and II\\"  - \\"Building the Perfect Posterior\\"  - Total page count: 98    RAPID MUSCLE GAIN    - All chapters in \\"Fundamentals\\"  - All chapters in \\"Ground Zero\\"  - \\"From Geek to Freak\\"  - \\"Occam's Protocol I and II\\"  - Total page count: 97    RAPID STRENGTH GAIN    - All chapters in \\"Fundamentals\\"  - All chapters in \\"Ground Zero\\"  - \\"Effortless Superhuman\\" (pure strength, little mass gain)  - \\"Pre-Hab: Injury-Proofing the Body\\"  - Total page count: 92    RAPID SENSE OF TOTAL WELL-BEING    - All chapters in \\"Fundamentals\\"  - All chapters in \\"Ground Zero\\"  - All chapters in \\"Improving Sex\\"  - All chapters in \\"Perfecting Sleep\\"  - \\"Reversing `Permanent' Injuries\\"  - Total page count: 143    Once you've selected the bare minimum to get started, get started.\\"
B003TSEL7S|2.0|okay i wish i could like this but this part is still makin' me go nuts. percy is  gone????!???  i hope the son of neptune comes back.if percy was in camp half blood id give five stars.
B001CB4SRW|3.0|I thought i was buying a leatherman because when I looked at the main picture its what it shows. They should change the photo. Just saying. I guess I'll read more carefully next time.   Considering the sheath, it's great and works fine. Maybe a little too tight sometimes so it's hard to fit my knife in and out but its great quality and design. Still I wish they actually showed a picture of it instead of a leatherman knife
B0042MDAL8|5.0|Some people still don't like these flicks. I do, I have read the books so I appreciate them more. This film is done better than the first two. As far as the item it came in great condition and early!
B00003CXCD|5.0|I'm a tough guy, Die Hard and Braveheart are my favorite movies, but I have to say that this movie is one of my top 10 favorite movies! At 6 foot 2, 210 pounds, I can say that openly, because I can pound anyone who wants to tease me about it! (just kidding). But honestly, this is NOT a chick-flick- it's a GREAT GREAT movie, though the ending might disappoint you unless you can appreciate the message. You won't be disapointed! MY ADVICE: Watch it at home when you're alone, and make sure no one can interrupt you. I love it!!
B0046HAKMQ|5.0|I bought this for my daughter because she loves the movie, and this version of the book has pictures from the movie. She absolutely loves it and has already read it several times. A good buy, in my opinion.
B001GCUO5M|5.0|And I thought Cape Fear was scarey!!! Just watched this film and I rate it brilliant, absolutely brilliant. Can't understand why some critics gave negative reviews and found it convoluted, because it makes perfect sense; all of the pieces fit together, all of the enigmas are resolved.It is Scorsese at his best, and it's a visually gorgeous, gothic, heartbreakingly vivid portrait of delusion and insanity. Absolutely flawless interweaving of personal tragedy with the post traumatic stress of a soldier who saw and did horrible things when he liberated a concentration camp. One of the best movies I have seen in a while; Scorsese just keeps getting more and more brilliant.
B0042816YK|3.0|Unfortunately, I think this movie watered down some of the themes of the book, and the character of Elizabeth Gilbert, to the point where it lost its depth. Part of what makes Elizabeth Gilbert likable in the book (and in my opinion she is likable, although I know some people don't feel that way) is that she is a keen observer and social commentator, in addition to being funny. Her sharpness, particularly her ironic insights, and her humor were entirely lost in this movie, leaving the character kind of insipid.<br /><br />Themes were watered down too. In the book, Elizabeth Gilbert's uncertainty about wanting kids, and the resentment she feels at social and familial pressure to do so, is more of a driver in the dissolution of her marriage than it is here. Perhaps the writers/producers felt that a mainstream audience couldn't handle questioning of social convention on that scale. As another example, in the book when Elizabeth collects money from her Western friends to help her Balinese friend Wayan purchase a house, the resulting problems spur an interesting analysis of cultural differences, and the problems inherent in trying to help someone from another social world. In the movie it's watered down to a feel-good success story (as is Elizabeth's romance there, while in the book it is considerably more complicated.) The India spiritual scenes are pretty watered down too - her insights are more self-helpy than spiritual.<br /><br />All that being said, I enjoyed watching Julia Roberts most of the time, and most of the supporting cast was very strong, especially Richard Jenkins and Javier Bardem. The shots of Italy, India and Bali were all lovely. So set your expectations accordingly, especially if you've read the book, and you can enjoy what there is to enjoy in this movie. If you want the true insights of the book though, just read it.
0374158460|1.0|Frankly, I cannot imagine how anybody enjoyed this book.  Come on.  You really READ that interminable, terminally boring section in which uninteresting, hitherto unimportnat aunts bicker over a will?  You really believed that that amazing basketball star could grow up to be Patty?<br /><br />Suggestion:  re-read the brilliant, memorable chapter on Patty in her high school days, dated-raped by a loathsome BMOC, let down by her awful parents.  THE NEW YORKER saw fit to publish this chapter as a free-standing short story.  It is superb.  I cut it out of the magazine and mailed it to my daughter and granddaughters.  So the unedited cathedra-door-stop-size mess which is the complete novel was a terrible let-down.  I wanted to defend the Franzen who wrote that chapter from the Franzen who let the rest of the novel get published sans massive editing.
0307454541|5.0|I am an avid reader of thriller and espionage novels and was pleasantly surprised at how well this book was written. The pace is somewhat slower than what I'm used to (Ludlum still ranks as my favorite), but Steig Larsson has a refreshing pace. He has taken his time to build the characters and put the entire plot together. It might seem like a drag in the beginning, but once you get close to halfway through the book, there's no way to put it down after that. The protagonist, Lisbeth Salander, a truly unique character choice, really gets into your head. After having finished the book and thinking about the plot, I actually enjoyed this style and pace of writing. Just ordered the 2 sequels on my Kindle, can't wait to finish those as well. I'm guessing those should be faster paced given that the characters have already been built up in this one. Waiting for the Hollywook take on this book!
0782008372|1.0|I love this movie, so I was glad to buy this dvd as another copy, but it is worse than most VHS tapes I have.  It says it has been remastered, but that has to be a lie.<br /><br />I have tried the DVD in my standard DVD player and 2 blu-ray players and the quality is horrible when played in all of those.<br /><br />There should be a class action against this dvd producer, but I think since most people only spent $10-20, they are just dealing with it.
B0046IGOIO|4.0|An essential part of any rocker's audio library, 'Live In Vancouver' provides terrific music from one of rock-n-roll's most controversial bands! Morrison's disappearance nearly 40 years ago leaves some still wondering of his whereabouts? As time continues the Doors legacy broadens and the band's music remains alive forever!
030746363X|4.0|The writing style is interesting, addictive, and engaging. The topics are amazing, and they seem to work. The only problem is that there is a lack of overall clarity and clearly defined action points. Most people who are serious about following his protocols will need to post on his blog various requests for more specific information. For example, is cheese and corn OK on the slow-carb diet? Is that a 15-minute long orgasm, or a protocol for bringing about an orgasm in 15 minutes? The answers to a lot of these questions might be in the book, but they require a lot of digging. I think a revised and expanded edition could help clarify lots of things.    However, I believe an official Four Hour Body community is being developed by Ferriss currently. This would no doubt help create a more complete repository for specific information relating to the topics covered somewhat briefly by the book.    But either way, buy the book. It will change your life regarding health and fitness without consuming very much of your time or effort. You're just going to have to change the way you think, and learn to become a self-experimenter.
0393078299|5.0|This book is very accessible to a non-science person such as myself.  The early chapters focus on the early development of quantum mechanics, and Kumar is really good at describing these developments in terms any reasonably intelligent person could understand.  Obviously, important things are lost in the details i am sure, but i do feel like i learned something during these chapters.  I do have a very basic background in psychics, including very elementary light and heat and perhaps that did prepare me, but i think one could undertake this book without it.<br /><br />The second half of the book, basically after the statement by Werner Heisenbeg of the \\"Uncertainty Principle\\" focuses on the debate on the nature of reality spurred by quantum mechanics, as reflected in the views of two giants of 20th century physics, Albert Einstein and Neils Bohr.  Bohr, who through his work and the work of his students is in many ways the patriarch of quantum mechanics, when confronted with the non-deterministic nature of quantum mechanics, came to believe \\"There is no quantum world.  There is only an abstract mechanical description.\\"  Einstein virulently disagreed with such a statement, and held to his view that there is an observer-independent reality, stating \\"What we call science, has the sole purpose of determining what is\\"<br /><br />What struck me is that at some point, this debate stopped being a purely empirical or scientific one and became a philosophical debate between the two camps that touched on their innermost beliefs on the nature of reality.  The debate rages on until today...<br /><br />Another interesting aspect of the book was the contrast in style between the two protagonists, Bohr and Einstein.  Bohr is, to me at least, very much an archetype of modern science.  He is empirically grounded, engaged in regular physical experimentation, and puts an emphasis on collaboration, spreading his brilliant students/collaborators all over the top universities of Europe and America to further develop physics as an academic field.  Einstein meanwhile is the more romantic figure.  A man who worked largely alone, and mostly in his own mind, specializing in thought experiments both brilliant and concise.  Einstein very much embodies the Romantic vision of a brilliant genius, and it is not surprising that he so persists in the modern imagination this way, while Bohr is mostly, though unfairly, eclipsed in the popular imagination.evelop physics as an academic field.  Einstein meanwhile is the more romantic figure.  A man who worked largely alone, and mostly in his own mind, specializing in thought experiments both brilliant and concise.  Einstein very much embodies the Romantic vision of a brilliant genius, and it is not surprising that he so persists in the modern imagination this way, while Bohr is mostly, though unfairly, eclipsed in the popular imagination.
B001U3Y5XE|4.0|I purchased this for my 8 year old who loves playing games and loves playing with Legos. I thought this was a perfect combonation! The reason I did not give it 5 stars: it is a bit harder than I thought it would be. I find the \\"easy\\" cards hard to build but I think we will \\"grow\\" into it.
B003NQB552|5.0|As simple as that! If you like rock and roll as it was meant to be and you enjoy bands like The Faces, The Rolling Stones or The Black Crowes, do not hesitate and purchase this album!
B002ZG98CS|5.0|Not a typical spaghetti western, to say the least, but Machete does pay homage to those classic films with the inclusion of Italian mobsters playing cowboy, heavy southwestern accents and scenery, and plenty of the Mexican populace. Cartoonish fun at its best, Robert Rodriguez' Machete comes out firing on all cylinders. If you're looking for ambiguous gore, interminable action, exceptional star-power, and a whole lotta \\"just-plain-fun\\", you've come to the right place.<br /><br />Typically, a movie so jam-packed with nonsensical, action-based, turmoil would find it hard to accommodate the inclusion of a palatable storyline, but not so with Machete. You find yourself rooting for Danny Trejo's character (Machete) from frame one to the last throughout his societal and political dilemma. Aside from this, there are so many elements and layers that stand out that at least a few must be listed:<br /><br />1. As already alluded to by other reviewers, it's simply AWESOME to see Danny Trejo finally pick up a much-deserved main character role after so many exceptional supporting roles.<br /><br />2. With gorgeous women like Jessica Alba, scantilly-clad Michelle Rodriguez, and semi-good looking, nude women like Lindsay Lohan and Alicia Rachel Mark, just about all of the human male's appetites for hotties are sated.<br /><br />3. The nostalgia level is through the roof with some of the actors in attendance here:<br /><br />Don Johnson - (We haven't seen him in a notable role for years.)<br /><br />Jessica Alba - (Probably one of the most naturally beautiful women on the planet.)<br /><br />Lindsay Lohan - (Huh? What's she doing here? Isn't she in rehab?)<br /><br />Robert DeNiro - (A huge Hollywood star like Robert in a movie like this? Unexpected, but literally awesome. Like always, he commands every scene he is in and makes his character his own.)<br /><br />Steven Seagal - (He turned down Sylvester for \\"The Expendables\\" but redeemed himself to a degree by taking on this villainous role. Great to see him in a movie that exists a bit above the B-movie level for once in a blue moon. Maybe he'll turn up in \\"The Expendables 2\\"...hopefully. It would still be great to see him star with Jean-Claude Van Damme one of these days as well.)<br /><br />Michelle Rodriguez - (Huge sex-appeal and exceptional stage presence.)<br /><br />Jeff Fahey - (Perfectly cast.)<br /><br />Cheech Marin - (Really...Cheech as a padre who smokes pot? THAT, my friends, is nostalgia at its finest!)<br /><br />4. The whole problem with illegal aliens crossing the Mexican border is presented with very in-your-face ardor but handled deftly with tact and respect for both sides of that very real political impasse.<br /><br />Truly, I can't say enough about Machete. It was not only fun and rewatchable, it was exceptionally presented and ended up being everything it set out to be and more.<br /><br />Five stars! *****ie level for once in a blue moon. Maybe he'll turn up in \\"The Expendables 2\\"...hopefully. It would still be great to see him star with Jean-Claude Van Damme one of these days as well.)    Michelle Rodriguez - (Huge sex-appeal and exceptional stage presence.)    Jeff Fahey - (Perfectly cast.)    Cheech Marin - (Really...Cheech as a padre who smokes pot? THAT, my friends, is nostalgia at its finest!)    4. The whole problem with illegal aliens crossing the Mexican border is presented with very in-your-face ardor but handled deftly with tact and respect for both sides of that very real political impasse.    Truly, I can't say enough about Machete. It was not only fun and rewatchable, it was exceptionally presented and ended up being everything it set out to be and more.    Five stars! *****
0613824229|5.0|This book, and the entire series for that matter, is amazing! OSC is an incredible writer who draws you in from the moment you meet Ender. I read A LOT and this will always stay as one of my absolute favorite series. I just bought them all for my personal collection and for every one of my six nephews!   Great book, amazing author.  L
B003K16P3M|5.0|i love this book!!!! whoever you are looking to buy this great book, click BUY!!!! you will love this book!!!!
030746363X|5.0|In just two weeks I've lost 8 pounds, have more energy, and am even fitting quick but very effective workouts into my hectic week.  Thanks Tim for being a human guinea pig in order to benefit the rest of us!
B002ZG980U|5.0|This movie was one of those that was ordered and we wondered if it would be any good.  It was.
0760335540|5.0|101 Projects is like a godsend, a book that each and every Boxster owner and enthusiast should have. The articles and how-to advice is well-written and concise. Wayne writes it how it is and lays the difficult projects out to where almost anyone can accomplish them. This book is an absolute necessity in the garage.
B00009W0U4|1.0|If you haven't been diagnosed with motion sickness you will be after watching this film. the first what, maybe 40 minutes has the camera bouncing in all different directions, can't even see what you're looking at. You're in a dark building which adds to the dizzyness. They should place a warning for those who do have motion sickness. it's like it was either shot by someone drunk or a 6 year old. Ever seen a really bad home video? They record the sky, roof, ground and walls but rarely actually record whats happening, because they can't keep camera still? Well, thats how the first 20-40 minutes of this film are. I spent the whole time just yelling at my TV to show me whats happening. Incredibly annoying.<br /><br />The only times the camera was still was during the rape scene and the face smashing scene....yeah cuz thats what we want to see right? (sarcasm)<br /><br />The movie does start from ending to beginning, which is dumb in my opinion, because it doesn't raise any emotions(except for confusion) After the rape scene you want to see that guy get bashed in, but you already saw it so the pleasure of seeing him get hurt was ruined. It's like putting the chariot before the horse. Hopefully this is the last of this type of movie we see.
1439181780|5.0|[[ASIN:1439181780 The Secret: The Power]]    This book is well worth the price; it would be a 'gift' at any price; it is changing my life!
0316098337|5.0|This book floored me. A piece of fiction that I would consider true literature that is both complex yet easy to read. The success of this winning combination leads to the most compelling novels I've read in years that I'm looking forward to rereading at a slower pace. Part of the appeal of this novel is that it makes it's concept known through any description you'll read of it, lulling potential readers into believing the novel will be something less than what it actually is. Truly it is an honor to read a book so complex and challenging that it truly alters the way you view the world when you're done. This is one of those few monumental successes and I hope everyone reads this novel before Hollywood comes along and ruins it.
B0034KHFM4|5.0|The cd was great, and was a step up from The Fame in terms of lyrical content and sound. Every song on the album is single worthy.  So Happy I Could Die is my favorite.
B00447G2T8|1.0|I head this album again and again again, but this doesn't really convince me, maybe its because it lacks of catchy melodies and well-done solos and riffs and vocals in the songs, some of the songs are respectable (\\"Are you metal\\", \\"If a mountain could talk\\", \\"far in the future\\") but the others don't because they reflect nothing but kind of thrash metal style, not truly power metal anymore.    This material is far away of works like \\"Master of the Rings\\" or \\"Better than raw\\", even with more reason if I mention \\"Keppers I and II\\", I comments this for what they put in a sticker on the CD cover, which is very very very false, Helloween did not achieve those feats with this album, I'm really sorry for them!.
B003O86FMW|5.0|I think this is one of the most exciting young adult books i have read since Harry Potter. Highly Reccomended!
B002WJI63A|5.0|This plush doll is great to add your Mario collection, my daughter loves it.  It is very soft and made well!
B003UESJH4|5.0|This isn't just another period piece or costume drama. It's a slice of history with a very real problem that many people deal with: stammering or stuttering.  In this case, it's King George VI of England. He takes over after his brother abdicates the throne. George's problem is public speaking, and imagine just how hard it would have been for someone who had to make many broadcasts during his reign.  He gets help from speech therapist Lionel Logue and from his loving wife as well.    Colin Firth, Geoffrey Rush, and Helena Bonham Carter are at their best here as the three main characters.  The interplay between Firth and Rush is especially moving to watch. The two men end up becoming close friends, not just a king and his subject/therapist.      Excellent and highly recommended.
B0000B1OFL|3.0|I'm sure that the MiniCooper car company had to pay a lot for the product placement here since it's then-new Minis are the real stars of this 2003 remake of a 1966 Michael Caine heist flick. The plot is some nonsense about $37 million worth of gold bars changing hands back and forth among criminals. The scenes of both a safe and then an armored car dropping through buildings and roadways are somewhat original, so I will give the filmmakers that. I haven't seen the original, so I don't know what they did in 66. Beware that most of the final third of the movie is really just a chase and it does grow tedious at times. There's not much depth to this, but you might like it if you enjoy heist movies.
B0031YJFCQ|3.0|I am about 1/3 of the way through this book and wonder when it will pick up the pace. I thought the same thing about the previous two books in this trilogy. Then, finally, the last 1/3 of them gets interesting. It is almost like he is getting paid by the word.<br /><br />There is too much attention paid to detail. I really don't care how many square feet an apartment or cottage is, or how late Mikael stayed up and how late he slept. There are segments where all it tells you is that he turned on his laptop, worked, and went to bed. I really don't think this is an integral part of the book.<br /><br />I work 2 jobs and my reading time is limited. These books have a tendancy to put me to sleep. The story line is good, but it just takes SOOOOO long to get there. I have committed so much time and effort into reading this far that I will finish it. But I am glad it is only a trilogy!
B000H0MKGK|5.0|I ordered this CD right before Christmas. I received it 3 days later. It was exactly what it was supposed to be. I am happy.
B001AQMBL4|5.0|One of my favorite movies ever.  If you've ever been to college and miss it in the slightest, you can appreciate this movie.  If you're a grammy snob this movie probably isn't for you, but if you want a good laugh, this is the prescription.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I am a huge fan of nonfiction, and rarely read science fiction.  I read this because it was recommended by a friend who is also a huge reader.  I thought it was interesting, engaging, and really got you invested in the characters and the story.  I could hardly wait to read the second book after putting this one down.
075666733X|5.0|This is an outstanding general survey for the intelligent and curious lay reader.  As for many DK reference books, the illustrations are outstandingly clear, well-annotated and chosen.  The text strikes an effective balance between clarity and technical detail.  The organizational layout is effective and the printing quality is outstanding.  Highly recommended.
B003R0LBVW|2.0|I'm not the hugest fiction fan but I have to admit I have enjoyed many of Oprah's suggestions.  This was not one of them.  I could not get interested in this story; halfway through the book I was still trying to like, relate, or have some feelings for the characters.  It was boring and I found myself starting another book partway through this one just to escape a little.  I got it from the library and am glad I didn't waste my money on it.  I wouldn't suggest anyone waste their money or time on this one.
1439152780|4.0|Everything starts out with a lost letter sent out 50 years too late. Then a distraction that leads the main character Edie to a sign post that reads Milderhurst 3 miles. Milderhurst castle, where Raymond Blythe wrote the Mud Man which started Edie love of reading, where Edies mother spent 18 months during the great war, where secrets are kept of missing love ones, where the ancient walls sing the distant hours, where three elderly sisters live together.<br /><br />The book alternates from Edie's point of view in 1992, to the past with the Blythe sisters: Saffy, Percy and Juniper. The two time frames wrap together effortlessly as the story unfolds about the history of the Mud Man and the Blythe sisters.<br /><br />Throughout this book, I kept feeling like there was going to be a big reveal, a big twist that would make me want to read the book again to see if I could catch it. But, the reveal, and the twist wasn't as big as I thought and it made me feel like I didn't get what I was promised. From the very beginning there is a lot of foreshadowing of things to come to prepare you for later events to make you think something big would happen. Things did happen, but it wasn't as big as I thought. But nevertheless I really enjoyed the book!
030746363X|1.0|Here's some chapter titles that wouldn't be helpful for me and likely quite misleading for young men: 'The 15 Minute Female Orgasm.' Gee, thanks Tim, for making sure that my orgasm can be tied up into a tidy formulaic package written in business speak for all those nerds reading your book. Let's call women's nether regions a 'Hoo Ha' and explain to your readers that you 'want to deconstruct the orgasm and create it at will without any tools.' What a genius investigator you are, 'I became fixated on the idea of a hypersensitive upper-left quadrant on the clitoris.'<br /><br />Tim, I am so embarrassed for you!<br /><br />To be clear, I'm a 38 year old woman in the Health and Fitness industry. I found much of Timothy's advice and suggestions in his book completely off the mark for anyone over the age of 35, not to mention anyone who is NOT trying to 'double their sperm count,' become a 'Sex Machine, Adventures in Tripling Testosterone' (where you learn to 'reclaim aggression') or 'Hack the NFL Combine 1' - What does that even mean?<br /><br />And how about this for intelligent, co-ed advice: 'An Introduction to Medical Tourism,' a suggestion to offset the cost of a nice trip to Nicaragua through getting 7 MRI's and blood and urine testing during your vacation. Is this supposed to be funny? Tim, it's actually not funny because although you tell your readers that it's safe to get 7 MRI's in a row, it's actually pretty stupid.<br /><br />In all fairness, I can see how young men would find his supplimentation sections intriguing, as well as training ideas such as 'Ultra Indurance, going from 5 K to 50 K in 12 weeks.' (Wow, my 70 year old mother - who actually purchased a copy of this book thinking it would be helpful - would really benefit from reading about this). However, Tim is offering some pretty out-there points of view in this book that aren't practical or heathy for most people and barely warrant a pathetic laugh - at Tim's expense.<br /><br />Tim might consider abreakout piece of the four bits of information that women might find helpful. However, women who buy this book can be assured of a few things: alarm that a guy actually thinks this way and other guys are reading it to learn from him, pissed that they thought the book was going to be informative and finally dumping the book into the recycling bin out of frustration.<br /><br />I won't pass this book to my 35 year old boyfriend for fear of insulting his intelligence.
B000004166|5.0|i love mozart & this is another of his greatest compositions. dating all from the mid era. they are sublime compositions. if you like mozart & his orchestral works, get them if you dont have them.
B001HBX91S|4.0|Recently, I bought a new TV and a blu ray DVD player. I also have a decent suround sound 7.1 system. the purpose for me to buy this DVD is to check the audio effect from blu ray DVD. After watching the DVD, I found the video is very good, as expected. the pictures are very clear with HD. the Audio is not as good as I expected. I cannot tell different in sound between the Blu Ray DVD and regular DVD. This may be because the recording equipment or setup is not the best, or the lower sample rate was used. Overall, for so low price, it is worth buying and have a taste.
0897500482|5.0|To understand the man, hero, and legend you have to understand the mind of Mr. Lee. Bruce Lee purposely made this book for reasons to understand combat, analyzing physical situations, and ideas about emotion and respect to others. Bruce Lee's ideas are by far still practice today and this book is to understand why he became a hero through all ethnicity and men. Mr. Lee can looked by people as a man that created his own martial art, work-out routine, physique, and in entertainment. If you wish to understand Bruce Lee than I strongly suggest this book to understand his ideas, philosophies, and lessons.
030746363X|5.0|I bought this book for $15.00 (at B&N online) and the value is amazing!!! This is the first time I leave a book review but this guy deserves it. After going to the gym for years(including group lessons) I got more results in terms of muscle definition in 2 weeks doing the recommended exercises in this book (kettlebell swings, planks, cat vomit, flying dog etc.) than in years of paying those \\"trainers\\" at 24h Fitness. Not one of these exercises where taught in any of the fitness classes I took.  So, leave the cynicism and get the book if you want to improve muscle definition fast.   The diet is pretty easy to keep because you don't have to count calories & can eat until you are full. That was a big plus for me because I can't think straight if i'm hungry.    So, long story short, stop thinking about it & start doing. I find it silly how people will waist their time and debate without giving it a try for at least 1-2 weeks.    Hope this helps.
B002L5GQGY|5.0|This is one of the best concerts out there.Amazon delivered the DVD faster then expected and in great shape.If you like guitar playing this man is one the best that has come along in a long time.He also plays the audience with his guitar.                    TR.
B003FNWR6Y|5.0|Great quality and my kids love the nintendo theme. Even my 5 year old wants to play all the time. My only suggestion for USAopoly would be to come up with different pieces for the \\"power ups\\" which currently are the standard houses and hotels. I do like the suggested rules for a quick game.
0736420959|2.0|My daughter loves the pictures and me telling her the story of the Lion King.  I use the word 'telling' very specifically because the written text is dreadful - the written story does not flow at all and the text used is not very good at all.    If I was able to purchase (at a reasonable price) I would buy the Ladybird edition.
0374158460|4.0|A wonderfully honest book about the lives of \\"typical\\" Americans from each characters own point of view.<br /><br />An exciting read and a well written novel. Jonathan Franzen is one of my new favorite authors!
0312370849|3.0|I would have given this four stars if the protagonist was a more believable character. I think that the author did a beautiful job creating Sarah's voice. Her story was powerful, and while fictional, might well have been someone's real life story during France's Vel d'Hiv roundup during WWII. What a heartbreaking story... Unfortunately, Julia's character sort of blew the book for me. Stereoptyped American woman living in France and stereotyped French characters brought the book down a notch or two in my opinion. I think the author, who is French, would have done herself a better service by portraying the modern day character as a French woman. But I think she wanted to sell some books in the states. I also think that the author didn't give enough credit to her readers' level of intelligence: she explained too much of the obvious, and she set things up in such a contrived manner that much of the story (Julia's side that is) was predictable. But glad that this part of history was brought to light. I learned something new.
1594202842|2.0|The type of parenting Ms. Chua advocates comes out of a culture where the path to success in life went through the civil exam system. Success in the exams required years and years of rote memorization. Creativity, problem-solving ability, and social skills were unnecessary. Success in the exams brought high social position, job security, and wealth. After a thousand years of this system, it is no wonder parenting practices molded to the needs for success in the exams.    However, our modern society requires adults who can do more than memorize facts and follow rules.  We need people who are creative, can problem solve, and are socially conscious. We need people who can think for themselves and have empathy for others. The parenting method Ms. Chua's advocates results in adults who function more like robots, lack creativity, are emotionally cut-off, and only able to function with outside direction.    To take a longer view, if this parenting method is superior, how is it that Europe and North America have developed so rapidly in the sciences, arts, commerce, politics and education over the last 500 years without \\"Chinese mothers\\", while China has stagnated and seen little advancement until the last 30 years.
1936594293|5.0|very good book
B00428CPUY|5.0|This hot-off-the-press DVD was a great gift for my fiance's dad who loves music videos. He didn't even know that this concert  was out on DVD yet. He jammed all night watching it.
B001P9EQH8|4.0|First of all let me start out by saying this item has been getting a bad rap by some reviewers that consider themselves audiophiles, but some audiophiles tend to analyze music to the point where they can't even enjoy it. and it sometimes clouds their judgment.With that being said , this review is about the product.                                 First the fiio e5 is tiny,lightweight and easy to carry,it comes with three cables  (1) 3.5mm to 3.5mm cable about 6\\" long with a 45 degree angle.(1) 3.5mm to 3.5mm cable about 18\\" long with straight   connectors.Inside is a rechargeable Lithium Ion battery that has about a 12 hr. battery life.                                 Sound, much better than relying on the stock iPod sound, and even better when you bypass the headphone out and use a fiio line out from the dock.another important note, the fiio e5 amp works best with headphones between 16 ohms and 600 ohms, anything above or below that will prove useless.Okay back to the sound, fiio has two equalizer settings One being flat which brings ou the best in any decent quality headphones or earphones that meet the ohm requirement, and the other with a bass boost which noticeable but not overwhelming.The headphones I used for my review were Bose on ear model, the Shure SE310 in ear and AKG k240 over the headphones.Each one show sound improvement, and were static noise free.People who criticize these amps are on forums that are sponsored by people who build or manufacture headphone amps that cost ten to twenty times more than the e5.                                    Portability: The e5 is by far the most portble amp in its class, it features a convenient clip to attach to belt or shirt, and is so light you wont even know it's there.                                  Cost:You simply can't find one at this price that does what the e5 does.                                 Summary: To wrap this up the fiio e5 is agreat portable amp that is sleek,discreet,   and gives your headphones better sound and is not going to hurt your pocket. Try this one, before you spend a small fortune. You can thank me in the comments.
1594202842|1.0|In this book Amy Hua describes how she berated, abused, and tortured her children toward excellence. While her commitment toward her children's violin virtuosity was unwavering, her accompanying lack of emotional intelligence was disturbing. I found myself wishing I was one of the dogs in the family. At least they got to run and were not driven to tears each night over 6 hour long violin practice sessions. I appreciate and understand her desire for her children to believe in their abilities and push toward excellence, I just found her methods, from the humiliations bordering on or crossing into abuse very upsetting. That her family members and husband would stand by while it happened is also upsetting. I agree that Westerners may coddle their children too much at times, but the lack of any emotional read or focus on the 'spirit' of the children in this family was sad to me. I was interested in reading this book as we had lived a year in China and sent our children to Chinese elementary school, but found it poorly written and disturbing. Not recommended.
B000002AGN|5.0|I would have loved to get this item; however, I NEVER received it and was refunded money 2 weeks later, WITHOUT AN EXPLANATION! It was a Christmas present to my boyfriend, so needless to say, I was extremely upset and will NEVER buy anything from -importcds again. I have tried to contact them asking them why I was refunded so late and they have only responded with automated responses. I am very upset about this but I heard this CD was great! :)
B001DJLCRC|5.0|Can't give Breaking Bad enough kudos.  I enjoyed watching all three seasons so much that I bought them for my dad for Christmas.
B000EYK2GE|3.0|I bought this CD because the \\"line up\\" of super stars promised a great album.  I am disappointed, at best.  The \\"sound recording\\" isn't very good.  I suppose one might say that this CD isn't my cup of tea.  That would be a kind statement.
0307474712|2.0|It started out tediously over-detailed and boring. It got mildly entertaining, at best, somewhere in the middle. Toward the end, it throws a shocker that pissed me off. By the end, I just plain hated it.
B0030BCCB6|5.0|You love the Blues?  This is a great price for some classic pre-Stevie Fleetwood Mac.  Green is great--be advised, this is NOT POP!
B001U3Y5XE|3.0|My husband loves legos so I bought this for him for Christmas. It is a lot of fun! But really it takes too long to be an actual game that you keep track of points and all. Plus, there are not a lot of piece selections. We are planning a trip to the lego store to pick up a few more things that it really needs. Still, I am really glad we bought it and I am sure that we will play the game a ton!
B0034G4P7G|5.0|To be frank, I didn't want to like this movie. Not for a bit. I figured it was going to be a waste of time, but I decided to watch it nonetheless. It proved me wrong. Oh boy, it really proved me wrong.    It has everything I like from a movie. Justin Timberlake has a good performance, something I didn't expect. The fact that it is a true story only makes it better. People love true stories, people love something that is out there, that is real, and I guess that's a part of why this movie was such a hit.
030746363X|5.0|In an approachable style, Ferris walks you through a series of tricks for looking and feeling great. Culling only the most efficient techniques from 10 years of self experimentation, the book is chock full of really useful information.    As a reader, my favorite thing about the book is that you don't need to believe any of it for it to work. Most of the tips are cheap to try, so even the most skeptical can try things out for themselves. Beyond that, you don't even need to read the whole book to get something out of it. If you pick a single chapter that interests you most, you can be almost assured of bettering your life with a few minor changes.    While I won't try all the methods listed in the book (supplements make me a bit nervous), I can absolutely say that the insight I've already gleaned from it has been well worth the purchase.
B004CLYKLI|2.0|While I thought her book, \\"World on Fire\\" provided some great counter balance to my Libertarian tendencies, this book leaves me sad. Sad for Ms. Chua, her children and anyone who fails to see the simple logic that not everyone can be the best. Ms. Chua believes that excellence or perfection is a matter of practice and careful selection. Statistically speaking, people on average are average. It is more important to focus on perpetual, measured personal improvement and development than to worry about the results. Ms. Chua, your daughter should not compete only if she will get a medal rather she should compete to make herself (and the world) a better person.
B001AQO400|5.0|This story is easy to relate to because everyone feels alone at some point in their life.  Lost in Translation is a heart felt story that turns two lonely individuals into ironic friends.  Bill Murray and Scarlett J are perfect.  The soundtrack was very mood-fitting.
B003YDUUHS|1.0|I feel somewhat bad giving this a low rating, because the content is good, but the DVD is so poorly made that I can't give it anything higher than one star.    NINE of the videos are in MONO! All the 4x3 videos are pillarboxed to 16x9 - ok, this helps with making the disc easier to author, but results in lower resolution. The menus are basic beyond belief, there are no special features whatsoever, all in all a really disappointing DVD.    Epic fail by Metropolis Group I'd say.
030746363X|5.0|I was extremely skeptical when Ferriss announced his 4 hour body endeavor. I did like his 4 hour work week compilation and used a few key ingredients to boost my own productivity but for him to go the fitness route was a bit out there in my mind.     I was wrong because I now own the book, have scoured the book, have my wife and I on a new regiment because of the book, have bought and sent this book to other friends and family mainly because the content makes sense. Tim is insanely analytical and in this day in age everything needs to be in the words of the guys at 37 signals, \\"reworked.\\"     Tim reworks your methodology concerning your physical body - check it out.
1594202842|5.0|My comment is based on the article in WSJ, extract from the book and her interview on Today's show. The writer is writing this book as her 'coming of age' as a parent, a journey, full of ups and downs and not as a parenting guide book. On the other hand, this could be a fine book to help those who agreed with her values but want to avoid her mistakes, which she admits openly, a very brave and intelligent thing to do. As to her kids, she has provided the best tools to them to navigate lives that are not as forgiving and fun as at home. Her kids are now free to make choices for themselves because they have built a solid foundation in many disciples, skills that take many years to master. They now have choices, Lulu can afford to choose to play tennis and not violin and Sofia can cut down on her hours of piano because she is also a straight A student. Same for Amy, she is a law professor but can afford to spend time writing about parenting. Imagine this book coming from a nobody mom without her credentials? Do you think anyone will buy or even publish this book? Americans need to understand that we are not entitled to many 'choices' that we now are offered freely (choose to play video game instead of studying, choose to practice an instrument (that we beg our parents to let us learn but give up because of practice time) instead of watching TV...). Choices can only be made when we can afford them, but most Americans think that this is their birth right and when these choices are taken away, we lament on them, we become bitter, we blame the world and everything else except ourselves...This books tells us that there is value in developing good work ethic, there is value in striving for excellence. It is time that we stop celebrating mediocrity. And being excellent doesn't even mean we have to be an all As student, but at least we know we are trying our best...How many of us can even say that??? Observe carefully around you, people who fail the hardest are those who mighthave never tried hard doing something right ONCE in their life time because they have never developed the correct work ethic in their younger age...Yes, we all want to see joyful children so let the kids play but just don't forget that when its time to work, work seriously and arduously. This should be a true universal value for all culture, be it Chinese or western!
0307346617|5.0|This book has become my standard for post-apocalyptic/disaster related fiction. It is the most humanly engaging and realistic exploration of how the world will react in a global pandemic that I have ever encountered. Every character is multi-faceted and connects with the reader. Books don't make me cry often, but this did. Don't miss it!
073935275X|5.0|Whether it's the books, the audio books, or the soon to be released Box Set of the movies-- this trilogy is a triumph.  I've actually done all three-- books, audio book version (great for long drives and boring commutes), and the movies.  I'm the director of a film festival [...] where we're in the process of screening all three of the trilogy.
B00005JOA0|1.0|This movie was purchased for my teenage daughter.  What a mistake.  The movie is divided into parts.  Part 1 is fine. I had to turn off the movie in part 2.  This is a violent and graphic depiction of the story. It was disturbing to say the least.
B003VWW23M|5.0|I may have to go out on a limb here and put this on my list of one of the 10 best \\"symphonic\\" progressive recordings ever. This project is that strong. There was probably more filler material on \\"Selling England By The Pound\\" than there is on this double CD offering. I can't find a weak track. The harmnies are so tight and the enunciation so clear, you can't beleive these lads are from Sweden. You would swear they are from California. Until they start playing. No one can play prog like the Scandinavians! While some may find the harmonies a juxtaposition against the progressive music in the background, I find it refreshing. You almost get to listen to two songs at once. You  can either concentrate on the voice harmonies or concentrate on the music. Both can easily stand on their own. Everything you want in symphonic prog can be found on this CD. Great musicianship, songs of various lengths and time signatures, great interplay between guitars and keyboards. My big complaint is against myself that I waited so long to purchase it. (I was cheap and waited for the digital down load)Don't be a fool like me. Add it to your colection.
B003OJBWGK|1.0|Did one of the members of the band write the description??? This is generic guitar pop, and not especially good pop at that. Poor production as well. Better not quit that day job at the hipster boutique just yet.....
B004EC5IUW|5.0|I'm writing this as the credits roll on the Blu-Ray, and I'm going to have to say, originally I kind of felt there wasn't a need for another version of the series, as the original was more or less THE definitive epic mecha anime, but where 1.11 You Are [Not] Alone kind of seemed like an HD rehashing of the original story (not that there's anything wrong with that), 2.22 You Can [Not] Advance knocks it out of the park...No spoilers, but I will say, fans and newbies alike will definitely be in for a treat watching the new theatrical versions in sequence, as my eyes and brain haven't felt that kind of punch from an anime since GITS 2.     BUY IT. Your brain will thank you. 'Nuff said.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|I got this for my husband as a Christmas present and he is so loving it.  The price was outstanding and he was going to get it for a very expensive price and I kept telling him to wait till after Christmas sure enough to his surprise he got what he wanted and loves it.
B003ZJ0ZX0|4.0|I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she was playing  it in her car the other day while we were going to the store and  I actually enjoyed it myself. This doesn't have the foal mouth  music you hear these days, its a very good CD and just about anyone   would enjoy it!
1558908846|5.0|Judge Dread is the best futuristc looking movie I have ever seen. But \\"Snipes\\" is a mutch better actor then the one who played the villin in JudgeDread. I love the badland villins. Very stylish with that whole postmodern/cyberwestern look. especialy the freak with the mechanical arm. This movie is almost better then \\"Fith element/Blade runer\\" combined. For visuals and background sceens. The FithElement had a bit of a bland look to it. BladeRuners imagerie seems dated in comparison to other movies. But JudgeDread has a good blend of both, not to dated or bland.
0439023483|4.0|Purchased the box set and have finished this first book.  Let's see - Collins creates a fast read that IS engaging. I love the Gale & Catnip / Peeta & Katniss aspect and Peeta - he's just a sweetheart and Katniss is about as receptive (and dumb) as a door knob.   I couldn't put it down. However, the premise for this is nothing less than utterly disturbing.  It's about survival of the fittest in the literal sense and supposedly for kids but I'd be afraid to let a 14 yr old read this one.  No sex and nasties like that but kids killing other kids for food - not good. **SPOILER** It reminds me of \\"The Condemned\\" when a silver parachute drops to aid a contestant or a fire is started to herd everyone back together for more blood and guts.
0385504225|5.0|Great book! My favorite Dan Brown title. I think this one is way to complex to make into a movie.
B0036TGSIK|4.0|I wasn't expecting much when I put this dvd in to watch but ended up being pleasantly surprised.  The Penderghast family was the best as was Thomas Haden Church.  Emma Stone is a refreshing new find.  I enjoyed the movie a lot.
B001NLKT60|3.0|I thoroughly enjoyed Larsson's first book, but wanted more from the second book.  It was too long, and the story dragged on in the middle.  The joy of the first book was the interaction between Salander and Blomvist, but that was absent in the second book.
B003UBTX7C|4.0|I just love the Camel Club books.  I have read them all and each one has been great.  I love all the characters and feel like I know them well.  I have yet to find anything by Baldacci that I did not enjoy completely.  Great read!
0061537969|5.0|I had to put my long suffering & oh so sweet 16 year old lab-mix down 2 days before Thanksgiving...  easily the most sad and heartbreaking decision I've ever had to make in my 40 years on this earth.  I was still struggling with this decision when I had to get on an airplane to visit my in-laws right before Thanksgiving ~ I had glanced at this book many times on my rushes through airports but I never even picked it up. This time I literally felt propelled toward it and knew that the spirit of my dog, Luna, was telling me to get it!  So, I did - of course! I sat on the plane and tears were rolling down my face as I read the first 3 pages, I felt like it was a message straight from her to me.  It is a beautiful, insightful story that, for me, echos the philosophical and spiritual elements of \\"Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance\\".
B003PIUC02|1.0|We had enjoyed \\"Rome\\" and bought \\"Spartacus\\", but it is a disappointment. It is cartoonish in its production values, which might have been the way the producers wanted it to look, but it did not appeal to us. Also, far too much gore.
B002BJGYV2|5.0|I live in a rural area with limited shopping.  This was a Christmas gift for my daughter and she was thrilled I purchased it for her.  She is happy with this dvd collection and is hoping to receive another one for her birthday.
B003ZTQN1I|5.0|Every song is my favorite. I cannot stop listening to both soundtrack versions of the music over and over. I liked the movie, great acting, but LOVE LOVE the music.    I cannot believe Burlesque got nominated and this got looked over. And the phenomenal job by everyone in the cast got looked over. This should win for best song / soundtrack, hands down.
B000OPPBEQ|4.0|I recently bought The Ultimate Matrix Collection on Blu-ray (UPC 085391167921) and wanted to let everyone know that I have verified that the old glitch on the Matrix Revolutions disc has been corrected based on viewing it from my ps3 (fat) console.  In the movie at 1:45:46, Neo's kick sequence is smooth starting from the ground to over Smith's head; there are no skipped frames or digital blocks that appear.  For more information on this old disc manufacturing problem and a resolution to it, see this link: http://www.amazon.com/Warner-Replacement-Program-Revolutions-Blu-ray/forum/FxGO7XUQHWRI7/Tx2WPZOZIRDYWRR/1?_encoding=UTF8&asin=B000OPPBEQ
030746363X|5.0|All I can say is WOW.    I really enjoyed Tim's first book (4-hour work week), and I am already starting to use some of the information in the 4-Hour Body.    Some detractors say that the book feels somewhat \\"Cut-and-Paste\\", as it jumps from topic to topic, and from expert to expert, but Tim's suggestion that you read a chunk at a time, NOT necessarily front-cover to back-cover, really helps this.  It is a collection of topics to make your body and life better... not a novel.    I would have paid the price of the book for just the few pages about Abdominal exercises.  They're great!    Also, the hardback book is MUCH physically bigger and thicker than I imagined.   Seems like a great value.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|So Lucas creates a powerhouse back in 1977.  He admits, even back then, that technology wasn't around to do what he wanted to do.  Fast forward.  He announces that he is going to update Star Wars to how he envisioned it using the current technology.  Period.  End of story.    Exactly WHY do some of you complain?  Was Lucas forced into changing it up?  I mean WTF?  If you loved the original, like I do, great.  If you love what he did with the originals with adding content and technology, BONUS!  It isn't like someone took his place and did something off the wall without his permission. Come on now.  The man did what he wanted to do, like it or not.  Don't cry over it.    Will I buy the bluray version?  Yeah.  I bought each episode on VHS, then the entire trilogy box set VHS.  Then each episode on DVD, then the trilogy Box on DVD, then the prequel box set, ect ect ect.  Seems like every time they produce a new version/format it is about time I watch each episode again (I wonder if that is a marketing thing ;).  However, nothing and I mean nothing looks better on a tv set than your beat up VHS version of Empire that you have played at least 50+ times.  It looks PERFECT!  If you were born in the early 70's and have repaired/taped your version of Star Wars then you will know exactly what I mean.
0525423273|5.0|A romantic young adult book set in Paris...what are you waiting for?! Run(or drive really, really fast) to your nearest bookstore(or I guess you can order online if you prefer) and BUY this book! You will not regret it. J<br /><br />Anna and the French Kiss made me laugh...beaucoup(very much)! I loved reading the book from Anna's point of view, she was making me laugh all throughout the book. The other characters where also hilarious, which just added to how funny the book could be at times. I want Anna's friends as my friends(nothing against the friends I have now, haha).<br /><br />Being sent to boarding school would suck...being sent away to boarding school in another country would suck even more. I think Anna did a decent job of adjusting to going to boarding school, but she did have the normal problems like learning about a new country, making new friends, and missing friends and family back home.<br /><br />I have WAY to many book boy crushes(especially since I'm almost 26) and Stephanie Perkins just added another one for me to crush on...&Eacute;tienne(add an accent above the first e, I have no clue how to do that). For those of who couldn't pronounce this to save our lives its \\"Eh-t-yen\\" and that still doesn't help me much which is why I understand everyone calling him by his last name, St.Claire. &Eacute;tienne is oh so lovable and it's no wonder why Anna would fall for him.<br /><br />This is a book I would be more then happy to read again. It made me feel happy and I loved every minute I was reading it.<br />Also, I can't wait for the companion novels to be released.<br /><br />read more of my reviews at: [...]
B003E8P9G0|5.0|This was a great opener book for this series.  The suspense and action never took a break once through-out the whole book.  I highl recommend it.  I can't wait for the sequal.
B00275EHJG|5.0|I'm 32 years old and I'm absolutely in love with Toy Story movies!  This movie was just as great as the first and second!  We watched in in the theatre and I HAD to buy it!  I found the best price on Amazon.com.  By the way, my three children love this movie, too!  They've watched it several times since they got it for Christmas!
B000ATQYT2|5.0|Admittedly being biased because Charles Dickens \\"A Christmas Carol\\" is my favorite Christmas story, and I am a big fan of the Muppets, I can say without fear of contradction this film is very well done.  It follows remarkably close to the original Dickens version, except of course in some scenes where Waldorf and Statler play the \\"Marley Brothers\\", and the narration by \\"Gonzo Dickens\\" and Rizzo Rat.  Even here, however, Gonzo quotes lines from the orignal tale.<br /><br />Michael Caine was an excellent, if understated, Scrooge, but I imagine they did not want the character of Scrooge to steal the show.  I was most amazed at the the human only scene where Scrooge's long lost love is bidding him farewell.  The song \\"Where Love Has Gone\\" was astoundingly sweet and very poignant.  The young actress singing the song was superb, and the tears in Michael Caine's eyes appeared to be genuine; touched by the sadness of the moment. It was a stunning metamorphosis away from the fast paced comedic routines into an adult drama.<br /><br />As usual with Muppet epics, you have to watch it several times to see all the activity in the various scenes, because there is so much going on in the background.  If I recall correctly, this movie was the first attempt to continue the Muppet tradition after the death of Jim Henson.  His son Brian, did an excellent job as the voice of Kermit.  His voice sounded very close to Jim's, almost what a younger version of Jim's voice would sound like.<br /><br />I heartily endorse this film and urge anyone to put this classic in their library to share it with generations of your family.
006029129X|5.0|Harold learns what it means to shape his destiny as an aesthete and as an adventurer.  The soul of acceptance is a core feature of how to read this book.  Let the children decide where they want to be ... for better or worse, they will probably choose freedom of some kind!<br /><br />Why not give them markers rather than spanks?<br />Safe place to play rather than a harsh word?<br />Challenges rather than demands?<br /><br />'The swimming pool and backyard as open source classroom'<br /><br />-student of 'self-lessoning' for 27 years
B0034G4P7Q|5.0|Social Network is a fantastic movie. While everyone knows that facebook was founded by students at Harvard University (originally for the sole use of Harvard students), this movie gives numerous insights into the complexities of facebook's origins at various stages in the developmental process, along with examining the various levels of student involvement in what has become an internet phenomena around the world. Mark comes off as being inately brilliant, yet, irritatingly socially inept. Facebook initially appears to be Mark's means to creating social status for himself, rather than a vehicle/business for the billions of dollars it ultimately resulted in. What surprised me most in the movie was the portrayal of Harvard's former President, Larry Summers. Is he really such an arrogant d***? If so, he represents the pompous elitism of one this country's finest educational institutions at it's very worst.<br /><br />Needless to say. You won't regret watching this well-made and thought-provoking movie. I highly recommend it.
031603438X|5.0|Just a quick line. Thanks Keith! We all have been waiting for this for a long time.I wont clutter up this site with more Stones babble but I (and most of my cronies) really enjoyed the book!! Twas Fun.
B002UM5BXW|4.0|If you're not a fan of Anthony Bourdain, this book definitely won't make you like him more. Anthony paints himself as a self-indulgent, arrogant, reckless, often drug crazed, narcissistic PITA. But he's unapologetic about it, and is open about the mistakes of his youth.<br /><br />As for the part that will interest foodies and restaurant buffs, Anthony gives some interesting insight into the depraved life of restaurant cooks in kitchens that he's seen, and the inner workings of at least some styles of high volume restaurant kitchens. In between the stories of restaurants gone wrong and larger than life personalities, he does manage to spread some practical restaurant tips (don't order the fish special on Mondays).<br /><br />The obvious recommendation? If you like Bourdain and his show, you'll find this book to be entertaining, unsurprising, and informative. If you don't care for his somewhat abrasive style, then the book will do nothing but annoy you more. I'll definitely look at restaurant kitchens a bit differently for having read this book.
B003W77SAS|5.0|Had this album on vinyl in '79, now just rediscovered tracks like Confusion, Midnight Blue, On the run, Wishing. Brings back so many memories. This is how the real music is, fantastic!!!!
B000W9399S|4.0|This was my first time reading any of the Discworld series, so my review is based on not having read any of the later books.<br /><br />I'm reminded of Douglas Adams and Kurt Vonnegut, with the silly and whimsical world of Discworld. Terry Pratchett is an excellent storyteller, and the book was very enjoyable, especially as my mind wrapped around the main story and characters.<br /><br />I'll admit that the first bits of the book were a bit confusing to this new Discworld reader, and throughout the book I wondered if the storytelling was getting a bit drugged out Pink Floyd video for my taste. But the nonsensical and frivolous elements stayed just close enough to the main story to work well, and the book descriptions provided a vivid view of the wonderful Discworld.<br /><br />Having seen a bit of Discworld, I look forward to further books, as I think I have an ok grasp of Pratchett's style now. Some readers looking for a more traditional fantasy tale may find themselves lost, but I liked \\"The Color of Magic\\" and will read more in this series.
030746363X|4.0|I'd leave the book out in the open for ready reading EXCEPT, I don't want it to be known that I'd be reading for tips on incredible sex.  I did read the section and it probably does contain valuable information, but I haven't tested it.  But the diet is absolutely wonderful.  I've lost 10 lbs in 2 weeks with strict adherence to the diet and learned to like lentils (a little bit of horseradish helps).      I think it's fascinating that he's taken the one-man test lab concept to heart and it's a mentality that is rare but his testing of the THEORY of calorie-in vs. calorie-out on one of his DGW days is fascinating.  Too bad he can't find funding for a doing a dissertation in that field.  I guess it's now an open field of study for any students in nutrition.  Worth the read.     P.S. I got this book as a special offered on-line through some of my nutrition links.  I only paid $14.99 for it and I was shocked that it arrived as an actual book.  Most of those nutrition sites give you a pdf form of their books and then you incur the cost of printing it if you like the hardcopy form of books (which I do).  I don't know what this books retail value is, but I'm very happy with it at the price I paid.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|This flash was just what I wanted, small size, easy to use, and adds the versitility to add bounce flash to my pictures.  It does all it is advertised to do.  It is used with my Nikon D5000 SLR and takes up little space in the camera bag so that I take it everywhere.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This is an awesome show. I have the DVD collection my mother brought but I watched this series on Netflix! I love this show and the sequal movie: Serenity! It was very entertaining, finished the series in 2 days!
B000784WMW|3.0|I purchased this DVD for my mother (a big fan of the novel) but although the actors are good it does not tell the story well , just follows it with pictures  and is much more like a screen play.
B00006CXSS|5.0|Mon Jan 10, 11:29 am ET<br />Dick Winters, WWII hero of `Band of Brothers,' dies<br />Dick Winters, a highly decorated World War II hero who became a household name when his heroics were chronicled in a Stephen Ambrose book that later became the HBO miniseries \\"Band of Brothers,\\" has died. He was 92.<br /><br />A very private and modest man, he died last week but requested that the news be withheld until after the funeral, a family friend told the Associated Press.<br /><br />After enlisting in the Army on Aug. 25, 1941, the Pennsylvania native enrolled in Officer Candidate School, eventually being commissioned as a 2nd lieutenant in 1942. He was assigned to the 506th regiment of the 101st Airborne Division -- known as Easy Company -- and was deployed with his regiment to land by parachute in France on D-Day, June 6, 1944.<br /><br />By leading the takeover of a German artillery bunker on Utah Beach, Winters and his company saved countless lives from relentless cannon fire -- an action that earned him the Distinguished Service Cross, the second-highest honor an American soldier can receive. Winters and Easy Company later fought near the Belgian town of Foy during the Battle of the Bulge, liberated the German concentration camp at Dachau, and occupied Hitler's mountainside retreat, Eagle's Nest.<br /><br />In 1945, one of Winters' soldiers, Floyd Talbert, wrote a letter to Winters from his hospital bed to express appreciation for his leadership in battle.<br /><br />\\"You are loved and will never be forgotten by any soldier that ever served under you,\\" Talbert wrote. \\"I would follow you into hell.\\"<br /><br />Shaken by what he experienced in war, Winters reportedly vowed to live a simple life if he managed to survive, and that's just what he did. After returning home, he married his then-girlfriend, Ethel, bought a farm in Pennsylvania and raised a family. He reportedly never talked about his war experiences until Ambrose came calling in the hopes of documenting Easy Company's role in winning the war. Winters said he honored Ambrose's request because he felt it important for future generations to learn about the war, its consequences and the sacrifices made by soldiers. He later wrote his own memoir, \\"Beyond Band of Brothers.\\"<br /><br />Winters was leading a quiet life of farm retirement in Hershey, Pa., when \\"Band of Brothers\\" turned him into a minor celebrity. People who knew him say that he never really became comfortable with life in the spotlight. He had fielded countless requests for interviews and personal appearances over the past decade or so, most of which he turned down.<br /><br />Winters was, by all accounts, exceedingly modest. When someone would ask him whether he considered himself a hero, he would usually respond by saying, \\"No. But I served in a company of heroes.\\" Chroniclers of the World War II era, however, such as legendary NBC newsman Tom Brokaw -- who detailed the lives of Winters and others like him in his \\"Greatest Generation\\" series of books -- beg to differ.<br /><br />\\"Dick Winters was the quintessential American infantry officer -- brave, canny and modest,\\" Brokaw told The Lookout. \\"His heroic leadership of the Band of Brothers is a one-man course on how to become a warrior without losing your humanity.\\"<br /><br />****************************************************************<br />Oldest living member of 'Band of Brothers' dies<br /><br />By Timberly Ross  Associated Press - Sat Jan 22, 5:52 pm ET<br />OMAHA, Neb. - A member of the \\"Band of Brothers\\" who fought in some of World War II's fiercest European battles, Ed Mauser shunned the limelight and kept his service with the Army unit a secret, even from some of his family.<br /><br />His role came to light only after his brother-in-law got him a copy of the HBO miniseries \\"Band of Brothers,\\" said Terry Zahn, who met Mauser during a 2009 Honor Flight trip to Washington, D.C., to see the World War II memorial. Mauser, who died Friday, told his family that some of the things in the miniseries, like the locations of buildings, weren't quite what he remembered from being there in person.<br /><br />But before that, \\"he never talked about it for years and years and years,\\" said Zahn, president of the Midwest chapter of the 101st Airborne Division Association.<br /><br />Mauser, 94, was the oldest living member of Easy Company, which is often better known now as the \\"Band of Brothers.\\"<br /><br />Born Dec. 18, 1916 in LaSalle, Ill., he was drafted in 1942 and volunteered for the 101st Airborne Division. He was assigned to Company E, 506th Regiment -- Easy Company -- which participated in the D-Day invasion of France and the follow-up Operation Market Garden. The 101st also helped defend Bastogne during the Battle of the Bulge.<br /><br />Historian Stephen Ambrose interviewed Easy Company leader Dick Winters for the 1992 book \\"Band of Brothers,\\" upon which the HBO miniseries that began airing in September 2001 was based. Winters, of Hershey, Pa., died earlier this month at age 92.<br /><br />The miniseries followed Easy Company from its training in Georgia to the war's end in 1945. Its producers included actor Tom Hanks and director Steven Spielberg.<br /><br />Mauser was not among the soldiers portrayed in the miniseries.<br /><br />Zahn said he kept his service a secret, even from his relatives. After it became known, he reunited with some of his Army buddies and made a few public appearances. He preferred to stay out of the limelight.<br /><br />\\"Don't call me a hero,\\" Mauser told the Lincoln Journal Star in a 2009 interview. \\"I was just one of the boys. I did what I was told, and let's leave it at that.\\"<br /><br />Mauser had been fighting pancreatic cancer, Zahn said. Heafey Heafey Hoffmann Dworak & Cutler funeral home in Omaha confirmed his death.<br /><br />Mauser was preceded in death by his wife, Irene. He is survived by a daughter, Laurie Fowler of Omaha. She did not immediately return a message left Saturday by The Associated Press.<br /><br />A funeral service is scheduled for Wednesday in Omaha. Mauser will be given a military burial at Calvary Cemetery.d from being there in person.    But before that, \\"he never talked about it for years and years and years,\\" said Zahn, president of the Midwest chapter of the 101st Airborne Division Association.    Mauser, 94, was the oldest living member of Easy Company, which is often better known now as the \\"Band of Brothers.\\"    Born Dec. 18, 1916 in LaSalle, Ill., he was drafted in 1942 and volunteered for the 101st Airborne Division. He was assigned to Company E, 506th Regiment -- Easy Company -- which participated in the D-Day invasion of France and the follow-up Operation Market Garden. The 101st also helped defend Bastogne during the Battle of the Bulge.    Historian Stephen Ambrose interviewed Easy Company leader Dick Winters for the 1992 book \\"Band of Brothers,\\" upon which the HBO miniseries that began airing in September 2001 was based. Winters, of Hershey, Pa., died earlier this month at age 92.    The miniseries followed Easy Company from its training in Georgia to the war's end in 1945. Its producers included actor Tom Hanks and director Steven Spielberg.    Mauser was not among the soldiers portrayed in the miniseries.    Zahn said he kept his service a secret, even from his relatives. After it became known, he reunited with some of his Army buddies and made a few public appearances. He preferred to stay out of the limelight.    \\"Don't call me a hero,\\" Mauser told the Lincoln Journal Star in a 2009 interview. \\"I was just one of the boys. I did what I was told, and let's leave it at that.\\"    Mauser had been fighting pancreatic cancer, Zahn said. Heafey Heafey Hoffmann Dworak & Cutler funeral home in Omaha confirmed his death.    Mauser was preceded in death by his wife, Irene. He is survived by a daughter, Laurie Fowler of Omaha. She did not immediately return a message left Saturday by The Associated Press.    A funeral service is scheduled for Wednesday in Omaha. Mauser will be given a military burial at Calvary Cemetery.
0760335540|5.0|I purchased this book after reading about it on Wayne's website PelicanParts.com and the Rennlist.com Porsche forums. I had originally purchased it to learn about what maintainence I would be comfortable doing myself as I search for my first used Boxster S. I spent the first night pouring over all 312 pages and I couldn't believe how much detail Wayne put into it. This book has made me a much more empowered buyer while I search for the \\"right\\" car and \\"Doing It Yourself\\" means that each of the 101 projects can pay for the book in cost savings. Even a novice will recover the cost of the book in their first oil change.     Two thumbs WAY up!
0307474712|3.0|This is the story of Emma and Dexter over the span of 20+ years and their journey (together and seperately) of friendship and eventually love.  Whereas the ending of the book did make the long read worth it, it took reading more than half of it to convince me that it was in fact worth the time. I expected a light hearted romance and although it did turn out to be a romance it wasn't in anyway light hearted or even too romantic at all.      I did enjoy the style of writing and how easily the author transitioned from Emma's side of the story to Dexter's and how big a time line it covered, but the many detail (and there were so many) seemed unnecessary to me.
0307588335|1.0|To hear Larry McDonald recount the story of his youth and early career you'd think you were listening to the story of Abe Lincoln growing up poor in a one room log cabin, and not some upper-middle class kid from Nantucket who overcame an underachieving youth to become a low-level trader on Wall Street.  You'll be on pins and needles as you listen to Larry's breathtaking account of how he passes the Series 7!!!  And things get a little racy when he tells us about the time he kissed CNBC reporter Kate Bohner.  Hubba hubba!      If you're looking for the self aggrandizing autobiography of Larry McDonald then this book is for you.  If you're looking for a serious investigation of collapse of Lehman Brothers (like William Cohan's excellent book on Bear Stearns, House of Cards) then don't waste your time on this blowhard's 20/20 hindsight.  His writing partner Patrick Robinson needs to share some of the blame for the awful writing which is full of glib clichs and clunky sentences like, \\"As shocks go, that one went.\\"      I don't do many reviews but I offer this one in the hopes of preventing others from making the same mistake I did when I bought this book.
B002QKZLZ6|5.0|Works well if you want to decrease chance of damage to your Voyager Pro.  It is a little snug if you try and push the headset it.  I've found that if you slightly squeeze the two sides, the headset slides in easily.  The snug fit then keeps the headset in the case pretty well.
030746363X|4.0|The Four Hour Body is the perfect book from the perfect author to make an interesting read out of a less-than-perfect subject. The format of this book works well for those accustomed to reading blog posts and having a diminished attention span. You're encouraged to cherry pick the material as needed, reading the sections that might apply to you and discarding the rest.     I thought Tim did a great job of keeping the tone light and encouraging, with the message of physical transformation as a foundation for self improvement. While some of his ideas seemed counterintuitive, some of his claims exaggerated, and some of his science suspect, on the whole, this book was a breath of fresh air in a rather stale market. I hope it sparks discussions and provides fodder for the thousands of competent strength coaches out there who go unnoticed amid the Biggest Losers and Tracy Andersons of the world.    I'm trying some of his approaches and hopefully the results will be as exciting as the book. I'd recommend it for anyone who has a passing interest in fitness, performance or efficiency. The idea of \\"working out\\" longer, slower and more often has met its match.
030746363X|5.0|The 4-hour body is really gives me helpful information.It gives me motivation to lose weight.This book is really big,not a pocket size book.You can pick up information you are interested in the post it and read it again and again.Information is based on researched and proved at science labo etc.Tim Ferris himself used his body as guinea pig himself too.    You can enjoy unconventional but proven by scientists and Tim method from Diet,build up body,sport performance and more.    I start try diet.It's easy plan and you get those food at regular store and easy on your wallet.Still you have to wait for result for 6 months.Key is easy to implement.I read some of diet and body building books but it was really complicated and not easy to follow.  This book is big reference book of your body.    At this point,it was not proven by readers but after 6 months and if review is good.It means real deal.But as far as I read this book.I think these info is easy to follow.
030746363X|5.0|I've heard Tim Ferris say that the best way to win over a fan base is to write as though you were talking to friends after two glasses of wine, and that is the style of this book. He applied techniques to himself and got results. You too can try out these techniques and you may also get results. If only one  of the techniques in this book works for you, it is worth the price of the purchase, as the techniques deliver such phenomenal results. I haven't read 4 Hour Work week, but this book has won me over. I am so on the plan!
030746363X|4.0|I'm compelled to defend against a few of the common criticisms I'm seeing.  I don't disagree with what most of the criticisms have been, but my perspective is that what you take from this book depends on what you're expecting from it.  You should expect Tim Ferriss's book to be like Tim Ferris.  Here's what I mean:    - Tim seems to be a very results-oriented kind of guy, so be prepared for a results-oriented kind of book.  It's not about the most pleasurable way to lose weight, it's about the way Tim has found to be the fastest and most effective.    - Tim likes to experiment on himself and his friends (poor bastards!).  So, expect that some of the evidence he presents will be based on what he's seen from personal experience.  Does that mean his advice is useless, because it's based on a small sample size?  On the contrary!  Would you go see a movie that your friends loved even though it was rated poorly on Rotten Tomatoes?  You probably would, unless your friends enjoy movies like \\"Dude, Where's My Car\\".    - Tim's a master at taking what most people do and researching it, breaking it down, removing the inefficient parts, and putting it back together.  So, this book has some stuff you've already heard before, but he's tested all of it on himself or others and/or he's read the research behind it, and he's made his own modifications to it.  You may have heard that eating clean 6 days a week and then bingeing on the 7th day was an effective way to lose weight, but have you read about anyone actually testing that out to demonstrate that it can work?  Now you will have, and you'll be that much more motivated to try it out.    Here's my overall thought on this book: you don't need any more information about health than you already have (we all know the basics to weight-loss and muscle-gain), you just need something to motivate you to start using the knowledge you have.  I think Tim Ferriss is excellent at writing books/articles that motivate people to take action.  Thattype of motivation is priceless.  If this book doesn't do it for you, what's $15 for a fun, interesting, and informative read?  You can always just sell it on Amazon, or perhaps use it as personal... \\"reading material\\" (the sex chapters have lots of diagrams).
B0036EH3WK|5.0|Nothing bad to say about it. Looks amazing and is incredible quality. Just beware if buying from Australia that seasons 1,2,5,6 and the bonus disk will play on normal blu ray players but seasons 3,4 will require a region free blu ray in order to be watched.  Other then that, an absolutely amazing package with lots of hidden bonus features.    5 Star.
B003L20IHE|3.0|This movie wasn't what I thought it would be but I still liked it. I think I wanted a little more out of this movie.<br />Like they were not giving me enough to make me completely love it.<br />But all in all I would still recommend it. It is a good girls night movie.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|The watch is fantastic, with a lot of functions that allow the runner to monitor his/her performance and plan the trainning. Maybe, the only thing that could be improved, in my opinion is the battery autonomy.
B003UTUQ3E|3.0|I taped the 1976 Nassau concert off the radio back in the '70s, and eagerly awaited this box set. (I saw the show at the LA Forum earlier that year.) The sterility of the exercise shocked the 2011 me. Bowie's arrangements are too slick, and there's no aural space for explorations of real feeling. This seems to me to be music about WANTING to feel, and failing. Yes, there are gorgeous and powerful moments, and I'll listen to the whole package again this coming summer, on a long drive through the countryside. But for now, the box sits on its shelf.
B002AOWXQ8|5.0|From the first to the last, this cd is just a wonderful, fun, happy time!  Harkening back to hippie days, and even before to simple folk, this band combines the simple folk band with electric and magnetic sounds to totally revamp and modernize the sound.<br /><br />It is not for everyone, but those who do like it will be rewarded.  40 Day Dream is an amazing opening.  Janglin is from the Ford Fiesta commercial, but the commercial is so tailored after the song (hippie tree huggers of the world unite in this car!).  Up From Below shows a much wider range of American music influence.  Jade is a pretty song that really makes you feel the love in his lyrics, voice, and heart.  Home is from the NFL commercials, and it is my favorite song.  Really listening to the lyrics makes me feel so good.  If you have ever really felt a connection with someone, the end, when Jade sings to Alex, \\"Home, yes I am home, home is whenever I 'm alone with you\\" should touch you.  Desert Song is hauntingly beautiful, as is Black Water.  Kisses Over Babylon is a savage song of drums and Spanish.  There is some earthiness here that is far more prominent that anything on this album.<br /><br />I really loved every song on this album.  I loved the variation of sound.  But the album is cohesive in the soulful lyrics, folk style singing, and general feeling of goodness and happiness that resonate throughout.<br /><br />Give it a try, I highly recommend it!
B00127RAJY|4.0|So I did my first work out today.20 minutes is enough.I was sweating and tired and felt like I had really worked out.At first Jillians voice is a bit annoying, but as the time goes on, she does motivate you.I can really see this working.I like the way she does the 3-2-1 method, so it really breaks up the exercise.20 minutes does pretty much fly by as she doesn't allow for a break.  I only did Level 1 and it tired me out.I am going to try and stick with this for as long as I can.A very good workout!
B0041EVYVK|5.0|Daniel Lanois continues to offer audio perfection in different guises. While Black Dub is something of a departure for Lanois, the signature atmospheric guitar licks, the plaintive vocalss, the extended solos are all vintage.  Eminently listenable, with just a hint of a reference to Jamaica to justify the Dub in the title, and marked by a terrific female vocal, this album is a must for Lanois fans and anyone as yet uninitiated (are there such folk?).
0767827791|5.0|After reading several of the reviews both before and after viewing this film, I want to mention a couple of things not covered by most reviewers:    Pro: The movie is an absorbing study of how ordinary women in various stages of life react to a verile young man through the lens of their own self-absorption.    Predictably, the youngest does not see him at all but is vaguely ill-at-ease at the idea of having to relate to such men, while the oldest sees, and appreciates, him more deeply and clearly than the others. The beautiful and blossoming late teen (a stunning Kim Novak) is drawn to him both sexually and emotionally while her financially-struggling and protective mother judges him unworthy of her daughter (because he has nothing materially to offer and because of her own scares). The \\"good time\\" spinster-school teacher (Rosalind Russell) both desires him as a distraction from her unsatisfing life alone, and attacks him as she realizes that she can no longer attract such men.    Pro: The movie is a reminder of how much can take place emotionally (particularly for young people) in the course of one day, one afternoon, and/or one evening. It's the only film I can recall seeing that brings the remembrance of this \\"phenomenon of youth\\" so vividly to mind.    Pro: Adding to these layers, this movie is (1) a \\"cautionary tale\\" for young women who have the opportunity to choose between a profession and a relationship they believe will last; (2) a \\"tale of encouragement\\" for young women who are on the fence about whether to choose a mate on the basis of love or money/security; and (3) a \\"cautionary tale\\" for young men tempted to sew their \\"wild oats\\" too long.    Pro: This movie has the same emotional intensity tinged with the tragedy of human frailties as those written by Tennessee Williams. For me, these are among the most entertaining of the 1950s and 60s.     Pro: The decision to cast the leading man as someone at the end of his mis-spent youth instead of at the beginning.    Con: While clearly a talented performance, this was the beginning of Kim Novak's career and her character is not as engaging as some of her later ones. (Movie trivia: Alas, had Miss Novak agreed accepted the lead in \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's,\\" her entire career would have remained elevated for a much longer period.)    Con: For whatever reason, William Holden's shameless over-acting is almost cartoonish next to Miss Novak's understated and nuanced performance. Worse, it works  against the viewer's engagement with both the story and the other actors. A lot of male actors tried their hand at this plot line. Paul Neuman comes to mind as someone who could have done a better job (had the director chosen to cast a younger man in the leading role).    Closing Comments: For me, the Pros of this film far out-weigh the Cons. In addition, I think this movie offers the opportunity for people to discuss the broader issue of how women are doing as \\"relatively free agents\\" in their efforts to satisfy themselves with men (this state being the farthest cry from that described in the ancient \\"Laws of Manu).     For these reasons, I've catalogued this movie as a \\"5-Star Classic\\" in my collection. This puts it in the same company with \\"Night of the Iguana,\\" \\"The Fugitive Kind,\\" \\"Suddenly Last Summer,\\"Cat on a Hot Tin Roof,\\" \\"The Long, Hot Summer,\\" and \\"Hud.\\"
B002RBZ13Q|5.0|I purchased this Blu-ray DVD for my wife as a stocking stuffer and it turned out to be the gift she loved the most for Christmas this year.  The blu-ray image quality and sound is great when i run it through my stereo system.  We have a 46\\" Sony LCD tv and it feels like your at the show.  The disc has plenty of content and is well done.  I would definately recommend this to any Killers fan.
B003UYUR10|4.0|Estoy muy satisfecho con la pelcula, mis nicos puntos en contra son que el DVD no se puede reproducir en mi PC y la Copia Digital de nada me sirve ya que solo funciona dentro de los EEUU, yo soy de Per as que \\"no tengo derecho\\" para poder verla en mi PC, felizmente que cuento con mi PS3 para poder disfrutar el material.
030746363X|5.0|This book is priceless, he's distilled so many really cool concepts down to the best 2.5%. I am going to try at least 5 things in this book over the next couple of months. Totally worth the money twice over.
B000008JUM|5.0|This Cole Porter compilation of Red Hot and Blue is one of my favorites and I listen to it all the time.  I have the cassette and I need to buy the cd.  Anyway, I find that cassettes are a pain as they need to be turned over.
B00006CXSS|5.0|This was an excellent depiction of the strong bonds between solders.  The commentary given by the vets really tore at your heart.  I saw the original series but missed a few shows.  Really a great way to experience the entire saga and to catch up on special backgrounds of actual people that served in the war.  Excellent series.  You will be able pass this on to many people.
0374290024|5.0|Too much fun to put down, yet deep enough to change the way you look at the world.    If you have ever been interested in \\"big history\\" or where we are going as a society, you will love this book.  The subtitle pretty much says it all.  Morris creates a metric to measure social development in East and West over the last 15,000 years, then charts the numbers for each as a function of time (don't worry, there's really only one graph in the book).  He then proceeds to explain the overall trends as well as the smaller blips in the chart using a hugely entertaining and thoroughly convincing series of vignettes.  The treatment is rigorous enough to satisfy just about anybody, yet supremely accessible.    This is not conventional history, which analyzes the decisions people made for better or for worse, so that we may learn from their successes and failures.  Rather, this is big history, where the perspective is far enough away that the events are all more or less inevitable give or take a century or two (we're looking at broad social changes, not battles).    Morris's entertaining style and his revolutionary and compelling argument make for a winning combination.
B0042J6VUS|4.0|I've used this mount a few times on various projects and it has worked very well so far.  My only complaint is that the way it mounts it sometimes presses on the volume buttons on my iPhone 3Gs.  If you extend the mounting surface out as shown its not AS bad but it still sometimes hits.      I have used it for static shots, as well as a few ones where i mounted it in my car for a track day(using a suction cup mount).  It's served me well so far.
B002ZG98C8|1.0|First I want to say that I am very tolerant of movies that contain violence and political statements, etc.  I realize that unless a movie is a biography movies are for entertainment and the contents are not meant to be interpreted as fact. However, Machete is where I draw the line.  Robert DeNiro, Steven Segal and Don Johnson were the reason that I purchased this movie.  After all with with this line up how bad could it be?      Welllllllllll,    1.  Steven Segal playing a Mexican???    2.  Jessica Alba is an ICE agent who goes rogue?    3.  In a Texas border town there is virtually no police presence?    4.  Mexican running an Underground Network from a Taco Truck??    5.  Six guys shooting (with automatic weapons) at a car dead on and only the passenger gets hit?    6.  Mexican's driving down the boulevard in Austin, Texas with weapons raised and no police to be seen?    7.  Lindsay Lohan looked high during the entire movie.    8.  People getting shot in the eye at point range and survive but die when hit in the eye with a stiletto?    9.  Redneck bigots not recognizing their own powerful politcal, highly visible ally?    Tsk, Tsk, Tsk.  Rodriguez you can do better.  I would give this movie -1 star with two thumbs and 8 fingers down.    If you want to see a movie with a real political statement watch El Norte instead.
031603438X|5.0|This was a gift for my son - he had asked for it for Christmas - was thrilled to receive it.
B002ZG98LO|4.0|The film is obvious at times and subtle at other times. For instance the protagonists do utter some evident truths like in \\"you do what you have to do to remain alive\\" or something to this effect. However, and this is why I give this film a higher than average mark, some of the behavior portrayed in the film do confirm this truthiness (thank you Colbert) incrementally. For example Noland (Lawrence Fishburne) remained alive so long how? By sheer luck? No, of course not, but because he took advantage of his fellow human beings, because in order to survive on this planet you have to kill (even your friends) and, who knows, even to resort to cannibalism. Yes Isabelle speaks the obvious when she says that humans and Predators are alike, but the beauty of the film is that they prove it.  The ending kind of contradicts this as Noyce and Isabelle work in unison to defeat the predator, but it makes up for a potential sequel (as if we had any doubt as to that possibility...)
B00479SVBU|3.0|On the plus side, the Soundfly AUX plays static free.  It also sounds good enough that after a few minutes I'd forgotten I was listening through a device broadcasting through the radio.    It's also pretty simple to operate.    On the minus side, I'm flustered by how this unit sorts its songs.  I'm not sure of how the unit decides the order to play the songs in, but it's not like my pocket-sized mp3 player, or like the mp3 player on my computer.  If you feed a folder of songs to the unit, and they're numbered 01, 02, 03, etc, the AUX might or might not play them in that order.  I've never seen another player do that before.  The Soundfly AUX doesn't play the songs in alphabetical order, either.  (And no, I didn't have the unit set to shuffle.)     Another thing bothers me about the AUX.  Let's say that you're driving and you turn off the Soundly using its power button.  You'll naturally hear static coming through the radio, since the AUX is no longer broadcasting, so you turn off the radio, too.  So far so good.  You reach your destination and turn off the engine, but the next time you turn on your ignition, the Soundfly AUX will power on with it and automatically start playing music, even though your radio might still be off.  This can be irritating.  I think this the first product I've ever seen that would switch itself back on spontaneously.      While these irritants didn't make me send the unit back, they're two major drawbacks that I think consumers should be aware of.
B003XA0F5O|5.0|I hadn't been able to watch Dr. Who in a while, especially this incarnation. Someone had recommended the Christmas episode so i took a chance and bought it on demand and loved it! I turned around and bought the entire season 5 and got a bit confused here and there, but it was all tied together perfectly in the end and the ending was just absolutely brilliant! Now I'm just upset 6 hasn't started yet! At least I have the others to watch!...:)
B00000D9TQ|5.0|Received as a gift and this CD did not disappoint.  Would recommend it for any Phil fan out there.
B0037UUZQY|4.0|Her clip on extention is really thin and not really doing the job, not as long as I expected.  Her hair is pretty, needs to be kept in a braid most of the time to keep from not getting tangled.  If your child is good with caring for there dolls hair, should be no problem.  The dress, nothing special.  Get other clothes.  She does not have shoes, remember in the movie she is barefoot.  My daughter spends a lot of time playing the story/movie but after Mother Gothell withered away.  So now this doll can wear her Barbie shoes and clothes.  Too bad they did not include some ribbion and flowers for the braids the children did when Flynn took her to see the sparkling lights.  Also where is Pascal?  Shouldn't she have her pet?  Cute doll though.  Great brush for all dolls hair.
B003J27WFW|5.0|Learned more about RUSH than I had known before. While I am more in the vein of \\"just entertain me\\", it was interesting to see their background even to seeing clips of Alex as a teenager with his parents. The Documentary was entertaining as well. Certainly worth it to RUSH fans or those who are just curious about them. Word of caution: (Actually several words) You are likely to want to go to one of their future concerts if you have the chance, after seeing this documentary. May I sugggest Red Rocks Amphitheatre outside of Denver... excellent venue. After which you may be hooked... Not such a bad thing as you will find. On RUSH and Red Rocks.
B0036TGSJ4|3.0|There is no shortfall of recognizable actors and actresses in Easy A. Will Gluck, the director that brought us 2009's Fired Up (which I think a total of 341 people nationwide have actually seen to date) must have some connections, or a lot of popular stars owed him a favor for some reason. And Gluck called in his favors with every actor on his list to be in this movie. Because unlike Fired Up, Easy A has an abundance of talent.<br /><br />But does all this talent take what would have otherwise have been an average script and turn it into a really good movie? Ya know, I think that it actually does. So much for the old axiom \\"good actors and actresses do not a good move make!\\"<br /><br />And if I'm not making much sense with that line, how about this one: I give Easy A 4 stars...for a 3 star movie that is. When it comes to the \\"good\\" versus \\"great\\" movies that I've seen recently, Easy A is definitely one of the better \\"just good\\" movies that I've seen in a while. And it has as much to do with the familiar faces that show up consistently throughout the film as it does the clever script.<br /><br />Emma Stone is no bimbo, but she pretends to be one at high school with mixed reviews from her family, friends, foes & school faculty. She becomes a modern day walking version of The Scarlet Letter (think the Nathaniel Hawthorne classic novel or 1926 film...not the [[ASIN:B00006472Q 1995 raspberry]] with Demi Moore). The result is a thoroughly entertaining, quick hour and a half of humor and fun. But while Easy A was an easy 90 minutes to spend watching, most of the movie is easily forgettable.<br /><br />Easy A is definitely worthy of a top spot in your rental queue.
B000YIGNKE|5.0|I gave this out for a Christmas present to one of my siblings.  We were absolutely spellbound and watched it almost right away!  I definitely recommend it to anyone who loves Jane Austen adaptions or anyone who loves a good story with a happy ending!
0446613444|4.0|I enjoyed The Black Ice, although the story was a little weak compared to the first book however Connelly writes well and is developing Bosch's character in this second book of the series. Harry's always pushing boundaries, has issues, doesn't conform, but we are starting to see the aspects of the main persona from book one throughout book two without shoving it down your face, which is appreciated. He's a likeable character in an unlikeable way. He is irritating, and often predictable, but I've found these books to have solid stories which are well written. I'm going to continue with the series and see how Bosch develops and what trouble he lands in next, for he will. If you're looking for a good crime/detective novel that you can curl up with and while away a sleepy day, these are great for that. Since I have read books that hold me and force me to read them no matter what plans I may have, this book loses a star as it doesn't have that \\"can't put down\\" factor for me. Otherwise it's a well written enjoyable novel.
B000W1V5OC|5.0|Could this be the best concert of the first decade? We played it with the 'surround sound' and it felt almost as being a part of the audience.   The singer and the band were made for each other. Such a pity they do not play together anymore.  I understand this was their last concert together. This DVD makes a great memento of something unique now gone.
030746363X|5.0|I'll keep it short.  I have better things to do then spend my life working out all the time, creating meal plans and shopping all around for special diet food, and writing a long review about what Tim did or didn't cover in this book.  If you're healthy, fit and smart and know that a little goes a long way! Buy this book, it's worth every penny.  Life is about keeping things simple and if you get that you'll understand this book.  Thanks Tim!
B000P61BG6|4.0|\\"Como Ama Una Mujer\\" is the first album recorded entirely in Spanish by Jennifer Lopez. It has very good tracks, like \\"Que Hiciste\\" \\"Me Haces Falta \\" and \\"Tu\\", plus the title track. This special limited edition, released in the USA, comes with a bonus DVD that features the making of the music video \\"Que Hiciste\\" and the actual video clip. Item very scarce and hard to find. To the fans and collectors: Do not forget to purchase!
B00005JXY3|4.0|My grandson wanted Karate Kid videos for Christmas and this completed my shopping for him.  He appreciated it very much.
B002LL13AM|5.0|Anyone who has spent decades listening to the trends in Bach playing will either be outraged or astonished by Pollini's interpretation. As reviewer Abel sensitively and rightly notes, Pollini brings the Well-Tempered clavier back to Bach's vocal works, searching inside the technicalities of counterpoint and fugue for the kind of overt passion that is the essence of the Baroque.  Online I can easily compare Pollini's blended, singing, emotional style with two dozen performers who veer in the opposite direction. They have become the norm for various reasons -- attempting to imitate the harpsichord's layered, inflexible dynamics, projecting on to Bach a dry, clipped sound to match the mathematical intricacy of his fugal writing, or perhaps simply to follow the trend away from the despised \\"romanticism\\" of any performance that displays emotion.<br /><br />Feelings run high when it comes to Bach, and always have, in my experience. Perhaps because he s, for all practical purposes, the fountainhead of music from the 18th century onward, listeners place great store in being correct and respectful. Pollini takes a different tack, playing from an expressive base upon which technique is used to build up emotion rather than intellectual precision of form. that precision is anathema to me -- I also have strong feelings -- and like Abel, I have avoided the WTC for decades, only to be riveted by Pollini's reading from the first Prelude in C to the end. I came away astonished and converted.<br /><br />But I can understand why listeners, especially of an anti-romantic stripe, will be outraged, because for them, the modern revision of Bach isn't bloodless; it's correct. But how would we know? Bach may have played even more extravagantly than Pollini does here. If we are to judge by his Passions, cantatas, and the B minor Mass, the odds are more than even that he was as flamboyantly Baroque as Rubens. for myself, I am immensely grateful to hear Pollini speak my language, and a masterpiece that I felt guilty about shunning now shines in an ardent light.<br /><br />P.S. -- In the interest of historical accuracy, we can't know to what extent Bach's style was limited by the harpsichord, which has no legato and therefore no singing voice. His vocal writing may have been very distinct from his keyboard writing.iece that I felt guilty about shunning now shines in an ardent light.<br /><br />P.S. -- In the interest of historical accuracy, we can't know to what extent Bach's style was limited by the harpsichord, which has no legato and therefore no singing voice. His vocal writing may have been very distinct from his keyboard writing.
B004AKCME8|5.0|My daughter has read the entire series, and wanted this DVD more than almost anything else for Christmas.  She is very happy with it.  It arrived at our house very quickly.
0439023513|5.0|Katniss Everdeen is recovering from her escape from the latest Hunger Games, which required the winners of the previous Games to participate. The rebels came in and rescued her and Finnick Odair from the breached dome, leaving the other tributes in the clutches of President Snow. President Coin of District 13 wants Katniss to become the face of the revolution. She has already gained fame from the Games and the tour following it. This could be instrumental in the downfall of the Capitol and President Snow. After negotiating freedom for the captured tributes and the privilege of killing Snow herself, Katniss reluctantly agrees. She doesn't realize until later that being such a symbol costs her more than she bargained for. She has to decide how much of herself and her loved ones she is willing to sacrifice for this cause. As time goes on, a beaten and defeated Peeta is paraded in the media as Katniss becomes a stronger driving force for the rebels. How long can Katniss focus on her goal when Peeta is obviously suffering? Will she survive long enough to see the rebellion to the end?    I was disappointed to read Catching Fire so soon after it came out because I had to wait so long to read the last book. I finally got to read it recently and I was very pleased with it. It had its flaws along the way, but overall it was a satisfying and realistic end to the trilogy. The thing that is prominently featured in this book is war. In the other books, there were the actual games, which were like a tiny microcosm version of a war, in the first book and in the second book it was all about media exposure and how to appear in the public. The third book is a combination of the first two. The actual war shown in the novel is much more bleak and realistic than the carefully controlled atmosphere of the Games. It's a necessary evil in this book because you can't hope to change anything major in that society without it. The power of the media figures strongly as well as in previous books. Her position as a symbol for the rebellion helps other rebels and has a strong effect on the public at large. It also shows that her position hasn't really changed all that much from the beginning. She's still a pawn for someone to move around and use for their advantage. Katniss has to decide whether or not it's worth it to be under the control of the rebels or under that of the capitol. This is a realistic view that any governing power is going to have its problems and corruption because it's run by humans.     The characters we have to come to know are very much changed in this book. They have all been forced to grow up at a young age and when someone witnesses such awful things, they can't help but be changed. If they had stayed the same, I would call it bad writing because it would just be unrealistic. Katniss is still the kick-ass heroine, but she is injured and scarred, physically and mentally. She is weakened and does act uncharacteristically while hiding in closets and running scared. I think the \\"uncharacteristic\\" behavior is a symptom of war and happens to real soldiers, as seen with things like PTSD. Her hero journey comes at a price. When she's finished with the war, assuming she survives, how is she going to move on with her life? She has to pick up the shattered pieces of herself and find a way to move on. This is one of the most realistic aspects of the book and many don't like it, but I think it makes the book go from good to excellent. Although it's still on Katniss' mind, the love triangle between Gale, Katniss, and Peeta is pushed to the background and rightfully so. With so many people's lives on the line, why would one girl's romantic antics take precedence?     The one aspect of the novel that I didn't like was that a certain character was thrown under the proverbial bus, making Katniss' romantic choice very easy. Other than that, the book was excellent. The realistic and depressing angle the book goes in shatters any hope of any idyllic happy ending Katniss might have had. It makes reading the novel exciting because you never know what's going to happen. I've read a great many reviews where the writer complains about how depressing, horrible, and disturbing this book is. Just because it's a YA novel doesn't mean that it has to be all rainbows and glitter all the time. Deal with it or don't read it. So, if you liked the previous Hunger Games books and aren't afraid of a little bleakness, I would encourage you to read this. If not, you can go read something with rainbows, unicorns, and possibly some glittery vampires.
B00127RAJY|3.0|It is an ok workout but my legs were not prepared for some of the routines. Could not do this every other day. Perhaps somebody younger could.... with a job at the health club!
B001RLP862|5.0|I have played with all sorts of plastic cards over the years, since I started playing poker about 8 years ago.  For the price, these cards are perfect.  KEM are nice, but the price is hefty and in my opinion, not worth it.  I would definitely recommend getting a couple of these decks.  Shipping was fast and the product was as good as described.
B003ZHQVJO|2.0|I am a huge KR fan and I also really enjoy most country musicians...but I must say that this CD was not that enjoyable. Nothing really noteworthy about it. I'm glad he has grown and has beaten some demons but it is not translating that well. I will continue to be a fan and I'm looking forward to his concert in OK this year but this CD is not his best.
B00127RAJY|4.0|I love this video, I only lost a few pounds but now that I have done the work out for over 30 days (each level for 10 days) I feel like I need something more. I want another video like this one but I don't know what to do next.     Does anyone have any suggestions? I just had a baby, so I don;t have an extreme lot of time which is why I like the video, but I DO need a good workout everyday to feel good, and hopefully loose some weight..
B000H5TVJY|2.0|The funny thing is, when this movie came out in the movie theaters, it rated only 2 out of 5 stars. It received the worst reviews of that year. All of a sudden, people are giving it 5 star ratings??? C'mon, people. The movie is TERRIBLE. It actually makes fun of itself (the scene where Bateman shoots and blows up the cop car, and he stares at the gun, for example). The movie never really makes sense.<br />HOWEVER.... I happen to love this movie! It is absolutely HYSTERICAL. It was supposed to be some kind of thriller, but it ends up being just a really dark comedy. After all these years, and having been probably the only person laughing out loud in the movie theater on release night (people were actually walking out of this one), I have seen how this movie has become a cult classic. But, that doesn't mean a cult classic is actually a good movie.<br />Buy this movie if you like dark, REALLY dark humor. There are scenes that will have you cracking up whenever you even think about it (the menage trois scene, for examply lmao). As long as you don't take the movie seriously, you will definitely love it.
B0036EH3U2|5.0|Got the set for my husband for Christmas...he loves it!  Now I need a video on how to get him away from the tv! ;-)
B003TJR2HS|1.0|Be warned, when using this in my car it creates so much radio interference it effectively renders you in car FM radio useless.  Don't expect to charge you iPhone while listening to the radio!
6305313687|2.0|This movie has its heart in the right place, I suppose. A man struggles with his ignorant past, grows up,  and abandons his miserable lifestyle of hatred and violence. But this film's naivete and its imbecilic portrayal of prison life just cannot be excused. People go into prisons with the casual attitudes of ordinary citizens.  Then they experience the strict racial divisions in prison.  When released, they are racists for life. It never works the other way around. This film is a honkey fairy-tale for doofus liberals who think they're walking on the edgy side. The only controversy here is how woefully unrealistic this film is.
B001853NZK|3.0|The appearance of this album is nice.  My son who is 10 was very excited to receive this for Christmas.  Two days after receiving it the cover came apart at its seam.  It is not the quality I expected.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|I like the futuristic thematic feel and basic character development. The heroine is improbable but maybe appealing to younger readers. The writer is passable and crafted a pretty good tale. But I won't buy the sequel because it would be much too predictable. This book had a weak ending so I assume that's the need for a sequel. That and the money machine must be fed. The kindle version of the sequel costs the same as the hardbound book and this makes no sense to me. But that's not the authors fault now is it. But it's enough to keep me away from the sequel.
B003ZSJ212|3.0|My favorite movie series since I saw the original at the drive in theater!  If you wait they will pull this and put one out that is really cool it will come with everything known to star wars and in 3D and in a working R2D2 unit that ejects the discs by voice command in a year or so just wait....or you will end up buying twice.
B002ZG981E|5.0|This movie rocks! Great concept and really unique. Gets kinda confusing but the it's entertaining and the graphics and special effects are really great.
B001E9641K|5.0|I highly recommend this game to fans of other Ticket to Ride games (America & Europe maps). The problem my boyfriend and I had with those versions is that we always wanted to play them, but usually only had the two of us and on those maps two players do not present enough competition to make the game as fun as it should be. But this map is designed for 2 or 3 players, so problem solved! There are a few different rules from the other versions, so be sure to read the directions carefully.
030746363X|5.0|Love this book.  I'm getting leaner and stronger.  Fun to read and easy to understand.  If you've ever wanted to know how to take control of your body and appearance, now you can...get the book.  Enjoy!
0316017922|5.0|I read this book a year ago and loved it.  I truly appreciate Gladwell's writing and story telling.  I believe his insights are correct for the most part.  I believe in the 10,000 hour principle but I also believe there is an element of gifting and calling that needs to be factored in.  No matter how hard Mike Tyson wants and practices to be a jockey.....it will just never happen.  Practicing produces skill, skill often produces satisfaction, satisfaction keeps us returning to the activity.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1608445410 Hire On a WHIM: The Four Qualities That Make for Great Employees]
B001MS7IBS|5.0|I was hesitant, at first, to take a shot on this new show. I had read reviews that it was an X files copycat or a rehashing of previous sci-fi shows. Fortunately, I decided to take a chance and I am so thrilled that I did! The show follows FBI agent Olivia Dunham as she tries to get to the bottom of crimes that have a supernatural elements. She is supported by Walter Bishop who is released from a psychiatric clinic in order to work with Olivia on these cases. In the 1970s, Walter was the leading scholar in fringe science which includes topics ranging from telekinesis to teleportation and mind control.Though Walter is brilliant, he is scatter brained and must be managed. Enter Joshua Jackson. Jackson plays Peter Bishop, Walter's son, who is an intellectual con artist. Personally, I think Jackson was born to play this role! Sadly, in the first season he takes a bit of a background seat while letting Torv and Noble shine. By the second season, he has a much larger presence.    Some have said that the show starts off slow and bumbles along for half a season or so before getting its sea legs. I understand this assessment but I have to say that I thought the show was gold from the beginning. Unlike other sci-fi shows that merely drops the viewer into the middle of the action, Fringe slowly gets the viewer acclimated with the content before escalating the fantastic elements. Some science fiction gurus may have found this to be boring, but I thought that it made the series extremely approachable and the concepts were not over the top.    This show is the complete package. It has a fantastic plot, incredible acting, and some great comedic relief. A word of caution before viewing this: clear your calendar because you won't be able to stop at just one episode.
8862933851|5.0|A week on the left-hand side with lines for free-form notes on the right. Soft cover. Just what I want; I've bought one each of the last few years.
B003L20IHE|2.0|I have to start by saying that I give Zac Efron props for trying to break out of his High School Musical/Teenage Heartthrob stereotype. He is certainly trying to differentiate himself from his past characters and for that I give him a great deal of credit. It is difficult for a teen sensation to break out from the mold he has made for himself, especially if that childhood mold was as lucrative as Efron's. Sadly, I don't think Charlie St. Cloud was the role to break Efron free from his teen bop status. The plot is weak, the writing is cliched, and the storyline is beyond convoluted. It seems that this movie was made to show Efron's acting chops but instead it comes off as a Hallmark version of The Sixth Sense.    Charlie is a sailing champ who is devoted to his younger brother, Sam, and their single mom. While the two brothers are close, Charlie has just graduated and wants to spend time with his friends. One night, while their mom is out, Charlie is put in charge of watching Sam. The two get into a bad car accident in which Sam is killed. Charlie is unable to forgive himself. He defers going to Standford and spends five years working as a landscaper/caretaker of the local cemetery. Every evening he meets Sam's ghost in the forest to plan catch. Charlie's pattern is disrupted when he meets a female sailor with whom he falls in love. Suddenly he must choose whether to live in the past with the ghost of his brother or try to forge a life for himself in the present.    Though this movie touches on deep issues of life after death, grief, and regret, it does little more than tap on these issues. As a Massachusetts resident, it was hard for me to believe that this movie actually took place in Quincy when in fact it looked a great deal like the California coast. Yet my greatest disappointment was how forgettable this film is. I only watched it a couple of days ago and my memory of it is already hazy. I always look for movies and books that leave a lasting impression and make me continue to think about the characters for days or even weeks. This is not so with Charlie St. Cloud. Though I wanted to like this movie and cheer for Efron's development as an actor, I found myself disappointed.
B003DZX3SA|5.0|Purchased this video for my children for Christmas.  We received very fast and needless to say my children love the movie.
B000XT1P3E|5.0|My fiance is a huge Julia fan. 2 classic Julia movies for a crazy low price?  Can't beat that!
B002KSPKRS|2.0|The customer support is miserable, so be sure you buy from a retailer with a return policy.  You do NOT want to deal with Turtle Beach Customer support; sometimes they take an entire week to reply to emails.
0316044695|5.0|Gripping account of what it takes to become a Navy SEAL and how their excellence truly exceeds what most of us would consider humanly possible.  I am humbled and grateful.
030746363X|5.0|Having already studied his former book \\"The 4-Hour Workweek\\" and starting making life changes, we pre-ordered this book.  Try to put it down once you start reading, I dare you! Many of his dietary ideas I found echoed in other top notch books, giving him extra street credit.  Fat loss here I come, and going to try kettlebells too!  Sex advice I've already tried some of and yes it works :) Get this book, read, and change your life for the better like me.
B000000OMB|5.0|This is the first and Best album that the band created. The songs are strong, creative and very well played.    The band was a promise that never come true.
B004259BMM|4.0|Keith Urban rocks!  I mean he sounds more rock than country on most of his songs.  Growing up a rocker, this kind of music is why all the new music I listen to now is country.  This disc is full of the great guitar riffs you'll find on all Urban CD's.  There just isn't enough songs.  8 tracks is pretty minimal in today's new releases.  It's still worth buying but a couple more songs would have earned a 5 star rating.
B003Y8YXH6|5.0|I agree with some reviewers about the songs in the \\"Stripped Down\\" have more dynamic range. The original cut of Double Fantasy tends to be a little compressed in sounding. The sound of the 80s would disappoint many listeners if compared to the sound of good recordings from late 60s, 70s and middle 90s to now. If anyone makes a A/B comparison of these recordings using top systems or tube amplification it will clearly noted. I do not have a system like that but I had the opportunity to attend a listening sessions for tests. The typical 80s sounding was designed keeping in mind the FM broadcasts. A little compressed. Fashion. Many recordings used the DeEmphasis. That was the period of New Wave and MTV as something new, among other things. But there are exceptions like Tug of War's McCartney that was very well recorded despite having slight compression. Although I disagree with those who think \\"Stripped Down\\" was built using demo versions, IMHO it seems that Yoko worked using the original masters here. Hey Yoko, why don't you do the same work on MILK AND HONEY?
B0027BOL4G|5.0|An eye opening shocker of a film, that RIPS back the veil of secrecy and lies of the food industry. I was woke up to the underlying handling and growth of the food conglomerate industry.    A MUST SEE...     A little graphic, but REAL!!!!  Life Changing Film!!!
B004AKCME8|3.0|Since I haven't read the books, I can only give my impression of the movie, and here it is: Darwinists should squirm in their seats while their kids are watching this. I don't know if this was the author's intent, but it was pretty hard to miss.<br /><br />The story is about some Hitler-type owls wanting to rule over all the other owls due to their supposed species superiority. They call themselves the \\"Pure Ones\\", hinting again at their claim to genetic right. Although the name itself smacks of religiosity, and had me wondering if it was supposed to be a hit on the Inquisition, etc., the script made it clear that the underlying idea was Darwinism's ugly stepchild - the idea that the superior race should rule by right. Although there has been a concerted attempt (and a flurry of popular books) to hide this unintended legacy, it is the logical implication that Hitler understood. In fact, Hitler justified his course using the language of Darwinism. (Although Darwin himself abhorred slavery, his theory was in fact used to further the mentality behind slavery - for example, the horror of aborigines hunted down in Australia to serve as museum displays of \\"lower races.\\" Darwinism was also the inspiration for Planned Parenthood - most people are still unaware that Margaret Sanger started it to reduce the numbers of black, Asian, poor, uneducated, and other \\"undesirable\\" populations.)<br /><br />Although rarely discussed, this implication of Darwinism still stands mutely in the corner ... hoping to be ignored in public discourse, but waiting one day to be reawakened.<br /><br />(Richard Dawkins himself admitted he would not want to live in a Darwinistic society. Why? \\"Because it would be fascism.\\")<br /><br />There was also a message about faith and belief in what you have not yet seen, and the importance of intangibles such as love and courage. Since these are understood by Darwinists as mere chemical illusions conserved for survival value (just as some evolutionists have argued that gossip, rape, adultery and murder also have evolutionary \\"value\\"), I would take this as another indication that this movie is on the other side of Darwinism.<br /><br />Regarding the prophet echidna, it's hard to say without having read the book. At first he looks like a scam artist inserted for comedic effect or even to warn against religious hucksters. However, later he seems like the real thing.<br /><br />Artistically, the movie cannot be much faulted. Almost every frame looks like a beautiful painting. However, in many scenes this quality of detail makes it hard to see what's happening or what's important. Since every feather and background element is rendered in detail, sometimes it's hard to see the owl for the feathers. More care should have been taken to balance the visuals. The battle action is fast and furious and - perhaps intentionally - unintelligible.<br /><br />For its warning against the unstated dangers of Darwinism, it's worth a watch, although its ending seemed too deus ex machina with a convenient forest fire handy.ry and murder also have evolutionary \\"value\\"), I would take this as another indication that this movie is on the other side of Darwinism.    Regarding the prophet echidna, it's hard to say without having read the book. At first he looks like a scam artist inserted for comedic effect or even to warn against religious hucksters. However, later he seems like the real thing.    Artistically, the movie cannot be much faulted. Almost every frame looks like a beautiful painting. However, in many scenes this quality of detail makes it hard to see what's happening or what's important. Since every feather and background element is rendered in detail, sometimes it's hard to see the owl for the feathers. More care should have been taken to balance the visuals. The battle action is fast and furious and - perhaps intentionally - unintelligible.    For its warning against the unstated dangers of Darwinism, it's worth a watch, although its ending seemed too deus ex machina with a convenient forest fire handy.
030746363X|4.0|Having followed Tim for a few years since I first read The Four Hour Work Week, I eagerly awaited 4HB. Knowing how much time and effort Tim puts into his own body and performance meant that this book would be just as full of actionable material as 4HWW. Tim, as usual, breaks everything down into the fundamentals and then puts the fundamentals together into action.
B002VECM6S|5.0|The product came in perfect shape and it came during the time setting that I was told it would.  I'm very satisfied with the service and the product.
B002SEQ8ZM|5.0|The coraline box edition was great. It was everything that it was described to be. We have enjoyed watching the movie for hours on end.
0805017445|5.0|This book arrived on time and I gave it as a Christmas gift.  It was in the condition promised and I am very satisfied.  Good work!
B0034G4P7Q|5.0|When i heard the idea, that Sorkin would be writing a movie about facebook i didnt think their was enough to make a movie on. I thought it would have to hold alot of fluff, which it didnt. This movie is setting the standard for the 2010-2020 decade of movies. This movie deserves every great review and and stars. I gave it 5. I do like Jesse  playing Mark. I thougt he did a fantastic job portraying a character that he had no chance to study, Who was Zuckerburg in 2002. A no-body. In 2010, a Billionaire. So he had no chance to prepare seeing is how Zuckerburg seems to not like the sopt light so much. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
B00003INJ6|5.0|Shades Of Deep Purple shares a sense of adventure and humor with Hendrix' Are You Experienced? Both feature a cover of \\"Hey Joe\\" and are based in the Blues. The most outstanding and unique feature of this album is Jon Lord's organ playing. The percussive noises he squeezes out of his Hammond on \\"Hush\\" are found on no other Deep Purple recording.     The originals (\\"And The Address\\", \\"One More Rainy Day\\", \\"Mandrake Root\\", etc.) are augmented by excellent cover versions of The Beatles, Joe South and Elmore James.    Later recordings would feature more of Ritchie Blackmore but Shades is all about Jon Lord.    You must have this CD in your collection.    [DW]
B001SRC9P8|5.0|I read these books when they first came out, which meant waiting four months for each new one to become available. Anyone reading these after watching the show probably won't like it as much, but I loved it. Great story line, least predictable books I've ever read. Would recommend to anybody.
B001FOPODS|3.0|I am elem. music teacher.  I've seen them all- stick with the Disney version. This is not appropriate for school- too scary.
B003V5PPZG|5.0|You can't keep regurgitating the same sound over and over again. I REPEAT. YOU CANNOT KEEP MAKING THE SAME ALBUM OVER AND OVER AGAIN. I was one of those fans who desperately wanted Linkin Park to go back to the old Linkin Park. I was bitter and angry over MTM. I felt crushed when they changed their sound. It was an ok album to me. Nothing spectacular. I patiently waited for ATS. For months I was hoping that they would go back to their old sound. At first listen I was once again bitter, frustrated, and angry. I just couldn't understand why they were changing. After a month after having the CD I listened to it again. I told myself to really give it chance and listen to it all the way through. Man, I wish I had that month back.     THE CD CHANGED MY LIFE. Yes, I know. I sound like a fanboy. But I am the toughest critic and they have won me over. The album is uplifting, passionate, and gut-wrenching. It's not 15 songs they have on here, but more of a long story. Of how we as a people are in turmoil, divided by conflicts of war and depression. We as a generation of people are in a dark time right now. Famine, poverty, and uncertainty is the only constant. This CD is about not giving up hope. To believe in yourself and to be compassionate. The album is about how we can either choose to live our lives with or without any purpose or meaning. I feel like LP is saying to us, GET UP! You can do whatever you want. DON'T LOSE FAITH IN YOURSELF!    There are some interludes in here, but that's part of the album. I don't care too much for them, but I appreciate what they are trying to do. They want to put out an album, not just a couple of good songs. When I finally decided to listen to the album full on, my eyes just started tearing up as I got further into the album. And when I finally got to \\"The Catalyst\\" I broke down in tears. Say whatever you want, but I thought it was one of the most thought-provoking, uplifting songs I have ever heard. I just got up and started to jump andsing as loud as I could. I can't remember the last time I ever did that.     You must evolve as band. If you don't evolve, you slowly fade away and die. I'm so tired of music that's only about pop and radio friendly regurgitated sound (I hate you keisha and black eyed peas). THIS IS REAL MUSIC. MUSIC FOR THE PEOPLE BY REAL MUSICIANS WHO CARE ABOUT US. GIVE THIS ALBUM A CHANCE AND LISTEN TO IT FULLY. If this album doesn't evoke some sort of emotion inside of you, then I feel sorry for you. I refuse to dumb myself down with about 90% of the other music that is being put out these days. (BTW, I really like Eminem, Lupe Fiasco, and Demon Hunter). I KNOW TIMES ARE TOUGH RIGHT NOW. DON'T LOSE HOPE. YOU CAN DO ANYTHING YOU WANT IN LIFE. YOU JUST HAVE TO FIGHT FOR IT!
B0025KVLTW|4.0|I had this album on vinyl, and thought it was time to upgrade to the re-mastered CD version. The sound is fantastic, the music amazing, as I remembered it, but the lyrics to some of the songs...were lacking. I suppose I never noticed it as a young teen....many of the lyrics...say little, and repeat...say little and repeat...say little and repeat...especially the songs Magical Mystery Tour, Your Mother Should Know and Hello Goodbye...Flying, of course is an instrumental.   That said, the remainder to the songs (well, Blue Jay Way, is a bit monotonous) are classics in every way, shape and form. For me, I am the Walrus, and Strawberry Fields Forever take the cake....but that's just one man's opinion...
B00080ZG10|5.0|Over the years, I've developed the impression of Howard Hughes as a crazy man, who, in his younger years, accomplished an incredible amount of things. He made movies, built airplanes and made millions. He also seduced many Hollywood starlets and demanded the most out of those who worked for him. But, first, he was a crazy man who lived in hotel penthouses, never bathed, and never groomed.<br /><br />Martin Scorcese's THE AVIATOR is a great movie that totally changed my impression about Howard Hughes. Hughes was an amazing man, a tragic figure who succeeded in spite of the mental disorder he surely had and it is a shame it was never treated properly.<br /><br />The film covers Hughes' life from childhood until 1947. At over two and half hours, the movie manages to squeeze in all of the important events. We see his obsession over making the movie HELL'S ANGELS, and the power he holds over young Hollywood starlets. We see his passion for aviation how that passion almost gets him killed several times. We see the beginning of the end with his personality and paranoia beginning to take form.<br /><br />This movie is ultimately about triumph, as Hughes is able to overcome his self imposed isolation to testify in congress in front of hundreds of people and to come out on top. I don't watch movies for the technical details, but Scorcese is at the top of his game here. The movie is beautiful and there's never a dull moment.<br /><br />The cast is, of course, great. Leonardo Dicaprio plays Hughes perfectly. Cate Blanchette became Kathryn Hepburn. John C. Rielly, Adam Scott, Alec Baldwin and Kate Beckinsale all take star turns.<br /><br />I loved this movie. It made me want to learn more about Hughes and his incredible will to succeed in spite of the constant inner demons he lived with. If you haven't watched this movie because of your preconceived notions about Hughes, then cast them aside and watch this movie. You won't regret it.
B003QCCS36|4.0|I gave this CD as a Christmas gift to my brother, a musician of the same genre.  He LOVED it.
0307272702|5.0|I think anyone who wants to understand the relationship between what you eat and how the body reacts to that food should give this book a read.  Taubes earlier book \\"Good Calories, Bad Calories\\" was excellent.  This book is a little easier to read and understand in some respects.  I'm giving this a high rating even though I do not agree with his final summation because I think the information in this book is very valuable.  My personal belief is that he drew the line too tightly through \\"carbs\\" by eliminating whole grains. However, that does not detract from the extremely valuable information Taubes presents on the body's response to the type of calories consumed.
B002ZG980U|2.0|I am giving this 2 stars because I actually have only watched part of the movie.  I can't get through the entire movie because it puts me to sleep!!! I patiently waited until Netflix was able to provide it (45 days later than the release) and was very excited to finally get it. However, when I try to watch it, I get so bored, I fall asleep.  I'll try again and if I fail again, I'll just return the movie and get something that makes more sense.
B0023RSZLY|2.0|The start of the book was interesting, I am now at page 215 and am already deciding I am not going to finish this book.  I really have no problem with the authors politics, he can hate General Macarthur and love Truman, thats fine, but the problem I have is with the repetition.  He goes off on Macarthur's ego repeatedly, I get it you think Macarthurs an ego maniac.  Also the fact that he points out the US military in 1950 really sucked, I get that too, he only makes a mention of it every other page for the last 100 pages.  Is this book really going to last 615 pages repeating the same messages over and over, Macarthur bad, US military unprepared, Soviet and Chinese intentions misunderstood.  BORING
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Beautifully filmed exploration of places and animal behaviors that are awe-inspiring.  I can imagine watching the DVD series over and over to enjoy the amazing images and experience the many geographical wonders of this planet and her varied inhabitants.
B0011HF6GE|5.0|The acoustics are pretty incredible in this gem. Vocal's are multi tracked and oddly beautiful. The guitar sounds almost out of tune with its folky twang. The drums are virtually non existant with its jazz like bushed patter. The lyrics are an aray of imagery. Blindsided is a personal favorite. Deffinitly an amazing album one can put on and chill/drive/lounge/make love/........LIVE!
030746363X|5.0|I have read quite a few books on how to change your body. This is the only one that really comes from a prospective of helping yourself by experimentation and it is well worth it. I even got two more for a couple of friends and they have enjoyed it as well.
B003UESJ9M|2.0|\\"Country Strong\\" was written and directed by Shana Feste (would I have called her \\"Shan-like-Shannon-a-Fest-y? Who knows...). ] This movie had a lot of possibilities and I wanted to like it. We know from past experiences with \\"Ray\\", \\"Walk the Line\\", and \\"Crazy Heart\\", that stories of musicians dealing with fame and all the problems that come with it in relationships and their own health equal lots of notice come awards time! Obviously the stories based on actual artists fare a little better since all that came out of \\"Crazy Heart\\" was the recognition by the Academy that Jeff Bridges has been around for many years and The Dude can act. And not just when he's being a hippie. But it does help when he gets to be an alcoholic. My early prediction for this coming year is that the Best Actor award will go to James Franco playing the young man who lost a fight with a damn big rock in \\"127 Hours.\\"<br /><br />Anyway, I'm still talking about \\"Country Strong\\", right? Maybe this store brand Dayquil is kicking in a little hard. Here are things almost every musician movie, country, rock, or otherwise has in common: A) Alcohol and/or Drug Dependence, B) Infidelity, Sleeping around, C) Pull a stupid stunt onstage and embarrass yourself, fall from grace, D) Rehab.<br /><br />The premise is that Gwyneth Paltrow plays a country star named Kelly Canter who has a bunch of Grammies and she's an alcoholic who has been in rehab (ding, ding, ding, that's two for two!). Her husband and manager, James is played by Tim McGraw who has become quite a good actor. He did really well in \\"The Blind Side\\" and this role is much tougher. We find out rather early on that what put her in rehab was being drunk and falling offstage at a show in Dallas (Whoa, that's three for four already). He decides to pull her from rehab a month early to set up a three date tour (does this count as a tour? 3 days??) that will end in a highly televised return to Dallas to prove everyone wrong. Unfortunately, Kelly is a fragile little flower that the tiniest thing can set off and have her running to makeup smearing boozing that never felt believable.<br /><br />While in rehab, she was \\"taken care of\\" if you know what I mean by Beau Hutton played by Garrett Hedlund. Why is that face so familiar? You just saw him in \\"Tron: Legacy.\\" This is what he looks like with facial hair and holding a guitar! Gotta say this is a face and voice to win the ladies over, no question about it. In fact, the majority of the movie the camera is panning over his face smiling longingly at some girl so this movie is really more Beau's movie than any other character. Due to Beau's past with James' wife in rehab and his own country music talent in the local bar, he gets the privilege of getting to open for Kelly on this tour along with Chiles Stanton played by Leighton Meester (of \\"Gossip Girl\\", XOXO). Chiles is a beautiful girl, her claim to fame she totes around is being a former Miss Dallas, but she is shy to sing onstage until interactions with the blue-eyed, Beau help her gain confidence and she holds tight to the reins of her career (oh great, a horseback riding joke, what'll she think up next?).<br /><br />Ok, so Kelly is married to James. James can barely look at her as a husband. Kelly is having an affair with Beau obviously. Beau loves her but can't help but start to like the innocent and age appropriate Chiles. Kelly is jealous that Chiles is young and pretty and might get the attention of James. This goes beyond a love triangle, this is a well organized love square. (ding, ding, infidelity, four for four!)<br /><br />I really liked the relationship between Kelly and James onscreen with all its complexity and there was occasional charm to the relationship between Kelly and Beau though it was definitely lacking. The relationship between Beau and Chiles was pretty cute and had potential. The problem is that there are TOO many relationships!! They all suffer for being stuffed together like this. The hilarious thing is, while all the characters appear to know what is going on, they very rarely talk about it. They just want to get to Dallas.<br /><br />The biggest letdown of the movie if Gwyneth Paltrow's character, Kelly. You never have a reason to want her to get better or cheer for her. You get tiny glimpses of what might have made James fall in love with her in the first place, but it's hard to figure out how the fans ever embraced her. She's actually more of a supporting role even though the movie is supposed to be about her, but I guess she's the only reason the other three characters are there. She never even sings a full song until practically the end of the movie since she keeps screwing it up with booze (while Beau and Chiles have each sang a TON) and you start wondering if she ever will. And I have to give credit to my friend, Austin Lugar at TheFilmYap.com with making this comparision: Remember that scene in \\"Get Him to the Greek\\" where the rock star after the long journey finally does his opening song, \\"I'm Coming Up\\" and the lights go up? THAT, my friends, THAT had more emotional build up than Kelly finally singing at her Dallas concert with the movie title song, \\"Country Strong.\\" Wow. By that point, you just don't care about her anymore and I was of the attitude that if she didn't start singing now at the end of the movie, I just wanted to kick her or get one of those giant canes to pull her offstage.<br /><br />The other thing that bugs me is audience reactions during the songs. They only have two levels. On and off. When you are at a concert with an opening act you have never heard of and songs you have never heard before, you don't suddenly cheer like it's the Super Bowl and sing along. No gradual warming up to the artists, just full blown cheering or crickets chirping. No inbetween there. The extras could have used a little coaching.<br /><br />Some of the songs were pretty good and this is coming from a girl who is not a huge fan of country music and I still have \\"Give In To Me\\" stuck in my head today. You might be better off skipping the movie and picking up the soundtrack, but I'd call this a rental. It is not going to get Awards buzz which is why it was pushed back to a January 7th release date instead of getting in before the end of 2010. The three \\"supporting\\" (i.e. main) characters are pretty decent in their own respects, but Gwyneth Paltrow spends far too much of this movie in a haze that doesn't give us enough to root for.<br /><br />Oh, and you totally see the ending coming a mile away. That's all I'm sayin'.s appear to know what is going on, they very rarely talk about it. They just want to get to Dallas.    The biggest letdown of the movie if Gwyneth Paltrow's character, Kelly. You never have a reason to want her to get better or cheer for her. You get tiny glimpses of what might have made James fall in love with her in the first place, but it's hard to figure out how the fans ever embraced her. She's actually more of a supporting role even though the movie is supposed to be about her, but I guess she's the only reason the other three characters are there. She never even sings a full song until practically the end of the movie since she keeps screwing it up with booze (while Beau and Chiles have each sang a TON) and you start wondering if she ever will. And I have to give credit to my friend, Austin Lugar at TheFilmYap.com with making this comparision: Remember that scene in \\"Get Him to the Greek\\" where the rock star after the long journey finally does his opening song, \\"I'm Coming Up\\" and the lights go up? THAT, my friends, THAT had more emotional build up than Kelly finally singing at her Dallas concert with the movie title song, \\"Country Strong.\\" Wow. By that point, you just don't care about her anymore and I was of the attitude that if she didn't start singing now at the end of the movie, I just wanted to kick her or get one of those giant canes to pull her offstage.    The other thing that bugs me is audience reactions during the songs. They only have two levels. On and off. When you are at a concert with an opening act you have never heard of and songs you have never heard before, you don't suddenly cheer like it's the Super Bowl and sing along. No gradual warming up to the artists, just full blown cheering or crickets chirping. No inbetween there. The extras could have used a little coaching.    Some of the songs were pretty good and this is coming from a girl who is not a huge fan of country music and I still have \\"Give In To Me\\" stuck in my head today. You might be better off skipping the movie and picking up the soundtrack, but I'd call this a rental. It is not going to get Awards buzz which is why it was pushed back to a January 7th release date instead of getting in before the end of 2010. The three \\"supporting\\" (i.e. main) characters are pretty decent in their own respects, but Gwyneth Paltrow spends far too much of this movie in a haze that doesn't give us enough to root for.     Oh, and you totally see the ending coming a mile away. That's all I'm sayin'.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Once I got through the first chapter, I couldn't put the book down! It was great- I highly recommend it!
0760335540|5.0|You still want this book! It will more than pay for itself even if you just clean up the center caps of your wheels rather than buy a new set. So many of these projects are so simple with the help of this book, you will probably buy a wrench, so be sure to refer to the section on which tools to buy. I could go on, but you get the idea.
B0000VCZKW|5.0|Matilda is one of my all time favorite movies! My children and I love it! I also show it in my 2nd grade classroom, and it has been a favorite of my students for years. They love the outrageous characters and the amusing situations. In response to some of the reviews that the movie is dark and scary - it is supposed to be over-the-top, that's the way the book was written. The story teaches a lesson by showing that people who are \\"good\\" are rewarded, and people who are \\"bad\\" face consequences. Not only is it funny, but it is a sweet and charming movie that makes you feel good at the end! Very highly recommended!
B00338QENI|5.0|This is an incredibly readable story that incorporates history, health care, science and family.Because my work involves research into how health diparities fall along racial lines this book was recommended by a coworker as \\"a good read\\". It turned out to be so true. From the onset Henrietta's story took you in and the author brings us along in her writing of the story.  Having just read \\"Medical Apartheid\\" by Harriet Washington, Henrietta's story made the history up close and personal. It is easy to see why the African American community had very real fears that the health care systems did not have their best interests at heart.  Even the most well meaning physicians and health care providers were subject to the systems and the biases of the culture. That the providers involved never thought to ask permission or consider helping the Lacks family in any way seems astonishing now but that has only begun to change in recent history.  It is this history that feeds the obvious disparity in health outcomes today. These are the very stories that need to be told. The forgiving heart of Henrietta's daughter as she tried to put the fragmented pieces of her family history into place was poignant and inspiring.    This story appeals on many levels. It is a truly human story of an American family.
0345441184|4.0|I did like this book a lot and remember being unable to put it down (even reading during class!), but I also remember being annoyed for most of it because of what a big baby Gwynhefar was! It has been many years since I read it, but this is what I remember most vividly. I had a hard time believing that her character would be that childish, but that may only be cause every other book I've read about Arthurian legend portrayed her as more of a strong character.
B000641Z90|5.0|I bought this dvd because it was very complete: it has the concert as well music videos and special features...no complaints! Simply amazing!
142314189X|5.0|I've read them and I have them on CD. Riordan's writing style is appealing, humorous, and down-to-Earth. He handles potentially awkward situations (such as death, adultery, and young love) with grace and tact. The character development is superb. The material is interesting, the story very well thought out, and I always feel like I'm learning, even though I'm already pretty familiar with Greek mythology. I've read a lot of young adult books and series, and this is my favorite.
B0028RXXE8|5.0|If you buy this dvd series, be prepared to watch it from beginning to end without getting off of your couch! This show was amazing..it's a shame that HBO cancelled it...
0671502484|5.0|For those interested in the history of the petroleum industry, The Prize is a very enjoyable read.  It has also given me insight into so much more, as our real world history is so tied to the history of this indispensable product.  It's over 700 pages long and I have not finished it yet. But, so far so good.
B000TXG3YA|5.0|I got the second Baroness album as a gift for Christmas, and I enjoyed it a lot.  It was a no-brainer to buy their first album and try it out.  Very solid album, and great sound.  It's cool to see the bands progression from their first to their second album.  Not as good as their second, but definitely worth the listen.
B001NLKT60|5.0|Book 2 of 3 in the series. amazing story and highly recommended. I never felt like it was different from the first book and don't have a preference between the two - which for me, is pretty unusually. I'd love to see these books in a movie!!
1594744475|5.0|I ordered this cookbook for my daughter, since she is studying Japanese.  We have yet to make any of the recipes but have enjoyed the playful nature of this book along with the excellent photos.
B000W7JWUA|4.0|Settlers of Catan is like a combination of Monopoly and Risk, with a good balance of strategy and chance built in.    My young adults (ages 17, 19, 24) loved this game and played it all through their Christmas break, like they were little kids again. The fun was in conquering the land, which seemed to require a bit of trash talking. The only negative were the board pieces are flimsy cardboard that you have to piece together in an even flimsier cardboard frame. One bump and the whole thing shifts apart. The other downside is it's made for 3 to 4 players. Any more will require expansion packs that can get pricey. On the whole, I recommend it. The game is different every time you play and entertaining for hours. And there are case/frame options available online to make it moveable and more stable.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|As with Walt Disney's feeling about Disneyland, I feel like George Lucas' opinion on \\"Star Wars\\": Episodes 1-6 as something that he will ALWAYS be tinkering with.<br /><br />I'm one of those fans who still believe in my heart of hearts that he will finish Episodes VII-IX in the next 5 years. Even his best friend Steven Spielberg has said that \\"George always wanted to do 9.\\" I know that he has said that he's done doing theatrical Star Wars films...but he has said many things and done the opposite.<br /><br />People say that he's too old to do another trilogy..well, some directors were directing well into their 70s and 80s.<br /><br />I will be one of the many fans/or fools, to be purchasing the 9 disc set. I'm also a Episode 4-6 'purist', and that the prequels were a bit of a let down for the over 35+ year old crowd.
030745455X|4.0|I can sympathize with some of the low-star reviewers: Mr. Larsson does tend to go on a bit with the useless fluffy descriptions (for example, Lisbeth decorating her apartment...why was that necessary?) and it took a third of the book to get to the murders in this murder mystery.<br /><br />BUT...<br /><br />If you already love the characters from the first book, you will likely enjoy reading more of their adventures. Lisbeth continues to be badass. Blomkvist becomes more enchanted with her and thankfully spends much less time with that married lady.<br /><br />Looking forward to the third volume.
B001FOR5XU|5.0|Cheap book and a quick read. The story is quite different from the movie, and I think I like the book better. I'm a science nerd, and I love how they talk about a potential scientific mechanism for the transformation of the human race (trying hard not to give away any spoilers).  There are some more short stories at the end I haven't checked out yet, but I\\"m sure they will be great.
030746363X|5.0|I had pre-ordered and apparently read slower than many of the reviewers here.  Its a good book and well written.  I like Tim's style of conversational writing it really does engage the reader.  I liked the pick a chapter style instead of needing to read the book in order.
0760335540|5.0|A well written book with full color pictures that make it easy to accomplish these projects.  A must have for every Boxster owner.
0316069884|4.0|I was excited to spend time in Mr. Foer's world, especially after seeing the movie Everything is Illuminated. He has the unusual ability to find poetry in dark places. The book opens on a personal level, and that is where his strength lies: in communicating his personal story. I enjoyed those immensely. I also enjoyed his interviews and the recounting of other's stories in their own voice.     As another reviewer stated, I found myself lagging halfway through, where the stories stopped, and Mr. Foer fell into the predictable retelling of the atrocities against animals via factory farms, fishing, etc. I did find some tidbits of new information (he does a very good job detailing the practices of the fishing industry), however, I kept wishing he would return to storytelling, for that is what he does best.    Ultimately, I would recommend you spend time with this book. I'm glad I did.
B0011N1WE8|5.0|What a sweet movie.  Good lesson about loving yourself just as you are.  My teenage daughter loves this too.  Good family movie.
B001543L92|3.0|My album must have been a bad press because the sound of every song sounds slowed down a bit, probably because it's a 33 LP. Still pretty good none the less. For under 30 bucks, I can't complain too much.
B00006V9A0|4.0|If you read the product description it states that this CD has 15 tracks including bonus track 15 'Where Did You Sleep Last Night'. The CD I received did not have this track. It only had the 14 tracks. I hope this helps somebody.
B001G9FFKY|5.0|Great sound, high and low frequencies; it really thumps up the room better than the CD of the same album. 50 bucks is well worth the price, can't get any better. I recommend this album to any Metallica fan looking for the vinyl alternative.
0811875555|5.0|I first saw this book at my friend's house and I've wanted a copy ever since. It's so beautiful and full of sketches. I love all the expression that goes into the character sketches! I wouldn't advise anyone to hesitate like I did! I wish I had picked up a copy when I had the chance!  Unfortunately, now that I have the money to buy it, it's out of stock. I hope there will be copies available soon. Until then I have an envelope enclosed with money reserved specifically for this book. *longing sigh*
B000H8SFMK|5.0|I used to listen to The Pogues when I was younger and miss hearing their Christmas song. It was a \\"traditional\\" Christmas this year.
B00428CPUY|5.0|Have purchased these DVD's annually and love them. Where else are you able to watch and listen to so many talented guitarists and collaborations?
B000W7JWUA|5.0|I bought two of these based on the video on Amazon.  It lived up to the \\"hype\\".  One was purchased for my brother and his family, 16 and 19 year old sons.  The older one said, \\"This is better than Risk!\\"  and Risk was previously a favorite of his.  We played ours with our 13 year old grandson and adults and youth all enjoyed it.  We came away from the first playing with ideas for strategy change the next time.
B00275EHJG|5.0|I recently purchased Toy Story 3 on DVD, having seen the first two in the series. And I was not wrong in doing so. My wife and I watched it the other night. This animated film is one of the best films I've seen in a long time. First, sequels always have a hard time comparing to the original, but this one held it's own. Yes, you need to watch the others to `know' the characters, but the story takes it all to a new dimension. This is a not just for kids but for the whole family. It is funny, sad, touching and fully emotional. I recommend it highly!
0307719774|5.0|I saw this and thought it would be neat to see how my answers change over the next five years. I'm having some major life changes at the moment but also don't have much time to sit and write long journal entries, so four lines is perfect for now! I bought one for my boyfriend as well so down the road we can compare our answers. This would make a great gift as well.
B003V6L94Q|5.0|Zac Brown is a great songwriter and the group sounds better everytime you hear them. Highly recommend any album they put out, always great quality!
B002L6I9Z4|4.0|This camera was a fun xmas present for my 7 year old son.  It does not take the world's best pictures, but that was not my expectation.  He loves it, and it does take decent pictures and is easy to use.  I thought this was very good value for money.
B003XWEQ1G|5.0|This item was received in a timely fashion & it was a gift to someone else.  Have heard no complaints - so it must be all right.<br /><br />Janette Todd
B004GNYGTI|4.0|It was overall a good movie. Only downside for me was how she moved around and got away so easily. Jumping from truck to truck and the other things she pulled off in my mind would never happen. Otherwise, it's a movie worth seeing.
B003UYUR0G|5.0|This item was received in a timely fashion & it was a gift to one of my sons.  And I've heard no complaints, in fact a few minutes after he opened it he watched it.<br /><br />Janette Todd
B001E75QH0|5.0|This was the only place I could fine this box set.  My husband was shocked and surprised to get this from Santa
B001GCUO16|5.0|This item was received in a timely fashion & it was a gift to one of my sons & he hasn't complained.<br /><br />Janette Todd
B0026RHR6K|5.0|Battlestar Galactica The complete series , is very good scify and the special effects are top notch. The fast shipping from Amazon was also great.
030746363X|5.0|I can't believe this book is only $15.    Over 500 pages of quick solutions, and time saving tips.    There are tons of books out there offering far less information  that is harder to follow and not proven to work for double and triple  the price of this one.      So far I have only applied the information from 2 chapters.    The first one, The Slow Carb Diet has helped me with a monkey that has  been on my back for years....sugar addiction.    It wasn't unusual for me to sit down and eat a dozen donuts at one sitting.    But the last 3 days I haven't had those urges.  My wife even baked a cake and set it on the counter, I suspect to sabotage me, and I haven't even touched it.     And the second chapter I am using is \\"Effortless Superhuman\\".  In 2 workouts my dead-lift has went from 331 pounds for 3 reps to 341 pounds for 3 reps.    If you are on the fence about getting this book because you read one of those 1 star reviews, don't let those crazy people steer you in the wrong direction.    I am a martial artist, I work out 4 - 6 days per week, and I have been reading fitness books and magazines for many years and I saw things in here I have never heard of.    GET THE BOOK!!!    You will get your $15 back and more with the time you save achieving your goal.
B001IBIHQ4|3.0|This DVD had skipping in at least 3 places.  It's supposed to be new, but I'm wondering.  My husband doesn't think it's worth it to send it back, but I am disappointed.
B000MV90IU|4.0|This movie has one of the best car chase scenes ever.  You really feel like you're in the car at times.  The blu ray transfer was done really well.  The movie drags at times, but worth watching just for the car chase scene.
B002N5N5LG|5.0|As soon as a friend popped in the first disc of the season to introduce me to Community, I was hooked.  I can't remember the last show that had me laughing so much - consistanly!  The rapid-fire laughs and witty writing just never seemed to end as I marathoned my way through the first season.  If you've read this far then you probably already know the premise of the show so I won't go into that, also if you've read this far then stop wasting your time and just buy it!
031603438X|5.0|I received the book very quickly (especially as it was the holiday season) and it even came signed by Keith Richards.  Very cool seller.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|In a way it's sad that Mr. Lucas is so tied to this trilogy that he's refused to do anything creative for >30 years since the films were originally released. I'm dismissing RAIDERS because, as I recall, it was a co-creation and not solely Lucas, besides which, only the first of the four Indy films is worth owning IMO. But I digress. As so many others have noted here, Mr. Lucas seems unable to just move on. He chooses instead to re-edit and re-f**k the same movies again and again. The fans who grew up with these films aren't interested in this. Just as we are not interested in a new version of JAWS in which Chief Brody goes into the belly of the shark and hollows it out from the inside. Just as we're not interested in a new version of ALIEN in which we find out that Ripley's ancestors had actually fought off an alien hive and the alien's motive in destroying the crew of the Nostromo was a blood vendetta. Just let it end, George. Suffice to say, I'll be saving my money for a blu-ray release that's worth waiting for, not this revamped nonsense.
B004EJ14V2|5.0|i loved this movie and even laughed out loud in times (even though i was watching it by myself). it's a great feel good movie and something i would even watch again.
0716703440|3.0|MTW is OK as a single volume reference book on gravitation.  However, it does not TEACH the subject well.  It does have lots of cute \\"boxes\\" which were cutting age last century, but there are better books to learn from now.  Of course there does not seem to be a good new and current single volume book on General Relativity. Gravitational theories now abound in too many forms for that.     There was a surely a time that it WAS (1973) the biggest, latest, best, but that time has long passed. There are better introductory books for students to start with (I even still like the very old Eddington's insightful introduction:  Mathematical Theory of Relativity, and Dirac's extremely concise General Relativity). There are many much newer books covering current research and current experimental approaches.     True MTW has most everything they knew last century in one large book and is a good general reference, but don't expect much if you are trying to study General Relativity on your own.  It is still being used in many graduate schools for students with access to experts, but it of little value outside such settings.  I am afraid that most reviewers are instructors that already knew the subject before picking up the weighty volume and have forgotten what is truly needed to truly understand such a deep subject when starting from the beginning. The reviews I read seem to be mostly for teachers trying to pick a textbook for a class and not for individuals trying to learn.
1594202842|5.0|I am ordering one copy of this excellent book after reading part of it from WSJ. Living in NY, being a father of 3 kids at age of 10,7 and 6 respectively, all my kids always ask \\"why daddy is always so strict?\\". I have been practicing strict parenting all these years. All my kids have to finish what they supposed to do within time limit. If not, they will get to do 30 push ups automatically, if they resist, the 30 push ups will become 60 push ups, and eventually goes to 90 push ups. I do believe strict discipline is the foundation for anyone who wants to be successful. When the kids are little, they don't have that, it is the parents should give them the training.
B0041T52S6|4.0|Let me just start by saying I love Michael Cera. And Jason Schwartzman. And Kieran Culkin. So this movie started off with some pretty high points for simply throwing them all together so their awesomeness may combine. I also just finished reading the whole series, so I was ready and raring to go! Now, in the movie they added quite a few things, they made the action scenes a lot longer during some of Scott's battles. It wasn't that bad but, meh, I could have done with less action and more Scott. One thing I missed from the comics to the big screen, is the epic battle in the mega reference library between Ramona and Knives. They just took it right out, which was a big disappointment to me. This movie on a whole was epic in it's own right. There are always going to be comparable differences between the book and the movie, but the difference between these two didn't make either and less awesome. If you like video games and comic books than this movie(and book series) is definitely right up your alley. Unless you like bad video games and boring comic books, in which case you are on your own. Sorry ;)
B004856SQ8|1.0|I actually like the movie, but I have went through 5-6 copies of this movie, and it will not load on my blu-ray player... The very first copy I got played the first time, but every time there after (and every copy since) reads \\"load\\" then \\"home\\", and then a counter/timer reads from \\"0.00\\" to \\"0.07\\" and freezes there... I just updated the firmware on my player, and still it will not work... I will not buy this title again, at least not on blu-ray...
B00004WEJZ|4.0|I had a great time watching Connery playing Bond again. Good action, good humor. Sexy, dangerous girls and a terrific villian played by Klaus. Anyone who loves Connery wil love this movie. Ignore the naysayers who are probably mostly   Generation X'ers.
0441172717|5.0|Although it is not for everyone, and for those, they are truly missing a great treat.  The entire series is so overwhelming in scope and imagination, and how humans get to where they are, and end up, well, not end up, but where we are left at the end of the series, is a very very worthwhile read.  Of course, it does use many precepts already used in other books, but then, what book does not draw on the past, or use ideas already used?  And the rewards for finishing the series is definitely there.
030746363X|4.0|Got the 4 hour body over the break and had my \\"moment\\" during the Christmas break.  Started out on Slo-Carb in the new year after finding out I am 31% lard!  Good News!!! today is the January 11th and I am down almost 8 pounds!  I would recommend this book to those who are not satisfied with sitting on the sidelines!
B0036WHM1E|5.0|Angus and Julia Stone create passion and love through sound.  This album is a beginning to end listen.  Go ahead and buy 2 or 3 of these albums because you are going to get tired of moving the cd back and forth from your car to the house for constant listening.
0525423273|5.0|Anna's father decides that she need to go to Paris for her senior year of high school. Anna is very upset about this arrangement. She doesn't speak French, she doesn't know any one there and she will have to leave behind all of her friends. Once she gets there, she fortunately makes friends with her dorm neighbor, Meredith, and is quickly engulfed into Mer's circle of friends. Unfortunetaly this is when Anna is introduced to &Eacute;tienne. &Eacute;tienne is a dreamboat, French style, British accent and a major flirt. The only downside to &Eacute;tienne is that he is taken by the elusive Ellie, and they have been together forever. Anna tries not to dwell on her crush too much, I mean she has Toph waiting for her at home. At least she thinks he's waiting for her. Though, &Eacute;tienne was drunk one night and mentioned that he liked Anna as more than a friend. But he was drunk so that doesn't count right? Now Anna has to not only navigate a foreign country, but the foreign land of love.<br /><br />This was a fantastic, fun read. I have never read a book that took place in Paris, and this was a great one to start with. It was hilarious, I was laughing so much while reading this. Anna is a really funny person. I did have a problem with her near the end though, because she was so foolish. She just couldn't believe that somebody could love her even though he let her know in so many subtle ways. Anna acted like she needed him to raise a billboard declaring his love for her, or else she wouldn't really believe it. So that really bugged me how easily she jumped from one conclusion to the next and they were conflicting conclusions. Granted she is young and in love and therefore can not be held accountable for her actions, but come on. Anyways, this book had all the making of a perfect romance read. There was plenty of humor, a few steamy kisses, a few not-so-steamy kisses, FRANCE, pastries and holiday breaks. &Eacute;tienne was completely dreamy and conflicted. Having a long time girlfriend in France is a tricky thing, especially when the thing between you has sort of fizzled and you are both just too lazy and comfortable to do anything about it. I loved how Stephanie Perkins conveyed love in this novel, it was sweet, but difficult, delicious and dirty. Love is never perfect, it's all about yelling and making up, misinterpretations and those few perfect kisses. The other characters were fantastic supports, they weaved in and out of this story in perfect harmony with the rise and fall of emotions. They also had their own problems that at first were overlooked, but that made Anna realize that everyone has sucky points in their lives. I recommend this to all girls who are looking for a nice light romance read, but something with a nice depth to it. I really can't wait to read more by Stephanie Perkins, because this was such a fantastic read.<br /><br />First Line:<br />\\"Here is everything I know about France: Madeline and Am&eacute;lie and Moulin Rouge.\\"<br /><br />Favorite Line:<br />\\"'Wow, Anna. You are such a mean drunk.'\\"<br />\\"I take a hesitant sniff. Dank. It smells dank.\\"y thing, especially when the thing between you has sort of fizzled and you are both just too lazy and comfortable to do anything about it. I loved how Stephanie Perkins conveyed love in this novel, it was sweet, but difficult, delicious and dirty. Love is never perfect, it's all about yelling and making up, misinterpretations and those few perfect kisses. The other characters were fantastic supports, they weaved in and out of this story in perfect harmony with the rise and fall of emotions. They also had their own problems that at first were overlooked, but that made Anna realize that everyone has sucky points in their lives. I recommend this to all girls who are looking for a nice light romance read, but something with a nice depth to it. I really can't wait to read more by Stephanie Perkins, because this was such a fantastic read.    First Line:  \\"Here is everything I know about France: Madeline and Amlie and Moulin Rouge.\\"    Favorite Line:   \\"'Wow, Anna. You are such a mean drunk.'\\"  \\"I take a hesitant sniff. Dank. It smells dank.\\"
B0042MEQVG|5.0|This movie is great, I was really excited to get it because I have a toddler and I didn't get to see it in the movie theater!  When I got the dvd in the mail and opened it, the disk was cracked, I was heartbroken.  I went online and amazon sent me a new dvd before I even returned the broken one!! I was so excited.  As long as you send the return in by a certain date, you won't get charged for both - truly a no hassle return and exchange.  Even though I had to wait a few extra days to see the film (I preordered to see it asap), I was really happy with the whole situation. Robert Pattinson is a god.
B003NFM3JU|5.0|[[ASIN:B003NFM3JU Disney's A Christmas Carol (Four-Disc Combo: Blu-ray 3D / Blu-ray / DVD / Digital Copy)]]<br /><br />Product has good packging. As for movie, it is very good 3D effects, additionally 3 discs included (excluding 3D blu-ray disc).<br />I am satisfied greatly.
0760335540|5.0|Whether you presently own a Boxster or would consider purchasing one, your must have this book in your library.  The Porsche Boxster can appear to be a very complex car; but this book, authored by Wayne Dempsey of Pelican Parts, takes a lot of the mystery away from those who wish to know more about the workings of their automobile. Great for a DIY or just arming yourself with knowledge; don't let the repair folks trick you into items that you don't understand or even need! I also own Wayne's 101 Projects for Your Porsche 911, so I knew going in this would be a great book to have.
030746363X|5.0|excellent proven time-saving techniques for fitness and health. Add in tips for incredible sex and it's this years first \\"must buy\\" book - I saw it in the bookstore and starting thumbing through it, then sat down to read a chapter, however a mere 3 pages of information later, I knew it was going home with me.    Tim's insights and science are absolutely paradigm shifting, and will have you asking yourself \\"why didn't I think of that\\"? (or \\"...understand that\\" or \\"...notice that\\", et al)!
B002ZG9788|5.0|Great Movie, watching it on blu-ray is amazing,<br />the detail and clarity is great!<br />Very happy with our purchase!
B00316DDUE|2.0|I guess I'm pretty much a minority on this, but I'm extremely disappointed with this concert. Almost everything else I've got by Yanni is expansive, complex, and relaxing New Age music. This concert is much less so, most of the songs having a jazz (or maybe world) feel rather than a New Age feel. The orchestra is very much missed, too.
B003L20IJM|1.0|i loved nanny mcphee 1 but no. 2 was a big disappointment! sometimes a movie should not have a no. 2 this is an example of that --- it was like trying to paint a mona lisa 2---- nanny mcphee was a master piece---- the 2nd one nanny mcphee returns was a vast waste of time!--- this saddens me that they were going for the money & not quality! boy! how sad!
B0041CGP02|1.0|I purchased Bon Jovi's Greatest Hits as a Christmas present for my wife.<br />When she opened the CD, which was supposedly brand new, it was completely scratched and not one song could be played.  What's worse is that when I attempted to return it to Amazon.com, I was informed that they will not take it back since it was already opened.  I guess if you buy any product from Amazon, you better have x-ray eyes to see inside the packaging.  Now I am stuck with a scratched CD which I paid for and they will not accept a return.  Thanks Amazon, from a totally unsatisfied customer.
0143034901|5.0|I gained a lot of insight from this book: don't ever give up on yourself. The book did seem a bit long-winded at one point but it was totally worth reading through to the end.
1579128149|5.0|For kids who are visual learners, this is a great way to become familiar with the elements; seeing examples of each element along with the descriptive text helps them want to learn more.
B00004XMTJ|5.0|To date Amazon has yet to let me down as far as the products they sell. They package and deliver better than most other sites. This Movie is good as is any Andrew Lloyd Webber
B0024FAR5W|5.0|This is one of those shows where the network tried to make a splashy and controversial first episode, and they ended up instead creating something that is off kilter and will turn a lot of people off - my wife was one of them, she watched the first episode and never watched another, and I couldn't convince her otherwise. So watch the second and third episodes before you write the show off, and you'll find one of the best shows that's been on television for a very long time.
0439023513|2.0|This book, meant to be a conclusion to the trilogy is a travesty to the series. It is terribly paced and changes characters already founded personalities far too dramatically--and several of which change character midway through the book once again. I cannot go into detail without spoiling much of the story.    There are two things which ruined the book for me. I cannot go into detail about both as it would spoil the book badly. I'll just say everything that happens early on in the book up until the end is completely pointless, and nothing is actually achieved. This book is pointedly political--far more so than the others. Politics is plastered to 3/4 of every other page which may not be a bad thing but it is sudden and jarring going from the rescue in Catching Fire to constant military training in District 13. Towards the end, there is a significant event which is just devastating and completely unnecessary--there were other means to paint the picture in the way that Suzanne wanted it to look.    My final problem with the book is that it is extremely rushed in the last 20 pages. We're forced to watch Katniss eat/sleep/go mad and more often than not DO NOTHING for chapters and chapters. It's almost like watching a movie in 8x slow motion. Then in the finale, major events take place in seconds. Things that make sense, but lead to NOTHING. Then, all of a sudden weeks and months start passing in paragraphs and sudden character changes arise yet again. I am not even exaggerating when I say that the epilogue is mere pages in length. You'll finish it within a minute. It does absolutely no justice to the epic that Katniss and Peeta face in the first two books. It is just absolutely ridiculous, and you will be pulling your hair out over the character deaths towards the end asking yourself why, and what was the point.
030746363X|5.0|My quick review after reading it 18 days day ago (well the section on weight loss)    Down 15lbs, with an increase sustained energy throughout the day.    The book is very well written to not only say what you have to do based on your goals, but the more important parts of why!    Hmmm wonder if oprah will pick up on this?    I Will check back in another month to report my progress.
B0025UHKNS|4.0|i love this watch however one bad thing is when having rain the bazzel function isn't working very good and the watch is getting crazy
B00123KEPK|5.0|Hey man, this record album is jus' as cool these days as it was when it first came out.  And just like back then, it still gives you plenty of headroom.
1401308201|5.0|This is a cool book with lots to read and to look at.  If you like the wizzard of oz and Wicked productions.  You will love this book and the seller was super too!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Since the release date is still nine months away, how about waitng until you have actually watched the set before sharing your analysis?
0307454541|4.0|People should be warned that THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATOO as well as the books that follow contain graphic unflinching episodes of sexual abuse of women, incest and violence.  Having said that, this is more a thriller than a mystery. In fact, if it is a mystery, there are more mysteries than can be numbered.  Usually, you know the question; who killed whom.  This is a multilayered thriller mystery, of mysteries and the writer takes his own time drawing you out.  I found the \\"Girl\\" a fascinating new creation in the hall of characters.  Her personality is nearly unbelievable until you begin to understand her motivation, suspicion of any form of authority and a reticence in which she never explains herself. She is so rational that her rational acts are irrational. If ever a heroine survivor woman character ever existed between the pages, this is it.  This is Pipi Longstocking armed with an extraordinary mind and willing to shoot cut or maim to get herself to safety. And yet, she has a moral code all her own.  She has boundaries.
1572814349|3.0|I got them rather quickly, that was a huge plus and they are beautiful. i did find that the first few times you handle them the gold comes off on you hands a bit. Just faint glitter and it doesn't show the loss of gold on the cards so it's not that big of a deal.     The images are what i was expecting. Very traditional, beautiful, but i found them rather... dull compared to other decks. and sometimes it's hard to see which card I'm actually looking at. like the wheel of fortune for example. In ever deck I've come across the wheel is the MAIN focus in the picture, in this one it is off to the background, rather small.     Bothersome little things like that lead me to say, it is a good tarot deck, what i expected when i wanted to by something that wasn't Rider Waite traditional but at the same time not a novelty deck. If that is what you're looking for then these cards as perfect. though i would recommend you researching them a little further at goldentarot.com. It gives you full pictures and descriptions of every card.
B001NEK2GE|5.0|When I first got this device, in Christmas 2009, it was okay. Pretty cool to use. Then I started raiding more seriously and after a solid year of raiding ICC, and now raiding in Cataclysm, this is something I simply cannot go without. Sometimes, maybe once a month or so, it will magically stop working, but a simple USB reconnect fixes the issue quickly. And one time, it lost my key bindings somehow but that may have been operator error. That's it, the only problems I've had with this unit in over a year of daily use.<br /><br />Do not buy this if you don't want to become totally dependent on a new input device. If it breaks, I'll buy another within hours.
0307595579|5.0|I bought all of these individually,and eventually,the box set.I have also ordered the DVD's of these!Now,if I could only get my computer to read these!This is an amazing series!It is too bad that he passed before he got to see the amazing success that he achieved!
0446569909|5.0|First, I'm not a fan of Ozzy, never was, however I laughed my a** off reading this book. It is funny even though some of the parts can be rude and crude. I\\"m still not an Osbourne fan, but I did enjoy reading the book.
B00192IV9U|5.0|The songs on this record are excellent.  Whether they are up to the standards Michael put on himself will never be known, but the songs speak for themselves.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I see alot of people commenting on the Original version . I for one want the new version . I am willing to pay whatever the price is . And in 3 -4 years when the 3-D versions hit the video stores i will buy them as well . I love getting all the movies in one bundle for a low price . $10.00 per disk isn't bad at all . I just wish they would put the Holiday Special on DvD or put it in this set . I would pay alot for that one !!
B0034G4P7G|4.0|Movie about the founding of facebook (was it stolen), and the legal problems Zuckerberg (Eisenbeg) faced.  After his girfriend breaks up with him Zuckerberg decides to get revenge on her by starting a billion dollar company.  I have to admit going in I really did not have any desire to watch this being that I'm not into facebook(I don't even have a personal facebook page).  Also from what I knew about Zuckerberg made me go in wanting to really hate the guy.  The first half I found it easy, he was really cocky and only thought of himself.  I don't know how accurate Eisenberg's portrayal was but he was pretty much what I expected.  Has the movie progressed I started to feel sorry for him, Facebook took off too quick and he was at the mercy of everyone he came in contact with in order to be liked.  For some reason when ever a movie takes over all media and becomes the place to be (like this one did) I have a feeling like I need to find something wrong with it so I can hate it, (like I do with Titanic...different review) but I found it difficult with this one.  I'm not positive that it is good enough to win best actor or best picture at the oscars but I would not be surprised if it did.  I really liked it, much more then I thought I would.  I give it an A-.
B002LFPAXY|5.0|really enjoy the Christmas music on this dvd with a cozy setting displayed on the tv as you listen. The price was so affordable, so it was a good item to purchase. We will enjoy playing this every year at Christmas time.
0545128285|4.0|This book is great for Harry Potter fans.  It gives some more insight into the Wizarding world.  I just wish it was longer!
B0042816YK|3.0|The movie was ok.  Julia played the part well.  But I like lighter movies better.  It's a little bit on the depressing mood.  I bought this movie as a gift, but after seeing the movie I know my kids won't like it as much as her other movies.
030746363X|4.0|I am a big Tim Ferriss fan due to his 4 Hour Workweek book and blog. So I was having high expectations from this book, and they have certainly been met.  The book is organized in distinct sections that make it easy to focus on only those parts of your body you want to improve - for me that meant reading, and rereading the chapters on losing fat and those on gaining muscle and ignoring others.<br /><br />Ferriss may present information that isn't completely new, as another review says, but that's good --- when it comes to my body, I don't really want to follow completely wild and untested approaches!<br /><br />What makes his information so valuable are three factors<br />1) he assembled information that's well known and proven in sub-cultures like the body building world, that hasn't made it out to the mainstream yet.  So to many the book will offer approaches that will work for them that they've never heard of before.<br />2) like the approach he touts in the 4 Hour Workweek, he recommends to do only the minimum necessary for the results one wants.  Instead of spending hours in the gym, 30 hard minutes every 4 days will do.  Instead of starving oneself, a high protein, \\"slow carb\\" diet will be easy to follow and do the trick...  For people who hate exercise or who fall off the diet wagon easily when hungry, this is an easy approach that works!  (I am on day 8 of the diet, haven't been hungry for a second, don't want any more food, haven't been tempted by anything, and lost 5 lbs.)<br />3) he has tested everything he writes about on his own body (and describes much of the experience in entertaining detail).<br /><br />The only reason that I am not giving the book 5 stars is that some of the useful details are buried across chapters... I read the chapters on losing fat first, then re-read them taking notes, and then read the ones about gaining muscle, where I found more tidbits on weight/fat loss that weren't in the earlier chapters.
B003O86FMW|5.0|The whole story is magnificent. I just finished reading the firs book and looking forward to read the final book. The only thing is that I feel cheated, I just bought this book the day before and it was $10.58, ad today it was 8.52 when i checked again! The same thing goes fo Book 1, it was 7 when i bought it just 4 days ago and it is now 5! i know its not reasonable to whine about it  as prices change all the time, but still, i wish i bought the books a few days later:( anyway, i love the story very much and recommend evryone to at least read the sample of the book. you will be tempted to continue on and read like your eyes are glued to the book. happy reading;)
B0040JHXTS|5.0|This is one fantastic box set! The innovative package is a very nice idea. The remastered cd is one of the greatest albums of all time. But what makes this box set so cool is the live bootleg concert. Three hours long! It is simply amazing that one man can exert that much energy into a concert. A must buy for any Bruce fan!
B0042816YK|5.0|excellent
B002VECM6S|5.0|I ordered this for my daughter for Christmas. I received it in plenty of time and and very happy  with it.
B0000AYL17|5.0|I bought this based on the reviews and found them to be pretty apt.  I had recently picked up a blu-ray player that had SACD playback, so wanted to get a couple of SACD's to try it out.  Great mix, I listened to the whole CD from front to back, maybe skipping through a couple of songs half way through, but most I listened to the end.  Very clean, great use of all 5 speakers.  I would recomend this to anyone with a good 5.1 set-up and a SACD player.  I got a great price on it too, which helps.
030746363X|5.0|This book does not read as a cover-to-cover book. It is designed for you to pick what sections you want to improve on, and stick to what fits that plan. This book has motivated me and two friends to compete for the best results. After one week, I am behind due to a friend's 10lbs of fat loss. However, I gained three pounds of muscle with 35 minutes of exercise total in one week.    I've grown bored of writing. Buy the book. You'll be happy.
0802130208|5.0|Ignatius oh how the world conspires against thee! This book is my all time fav, great plots and even better characters. Like a chocolate cake you've snuck off to eat, this is one of life's guilty pleasures.
B003VR5PPY|5.0|This is an awesome game for the DS (considering that you're 17+, hence the M rating).<br />Gripping, interactive and unpredictable, you will get attached to this game once you start playing it.<br /><br />Pros<br />-Excellent Plot<br />-Haunting Melodies and Well-played visuals<br />-Great Variety of Characters<br />-Playing it more will literally and figuratively shape your decisions on your next playthrough.<br /><br />Cons<br />-You will forget to feed your pets for quite a long period of time<br />-You will think about it at school/work/bathroom/lotsa places<br />-You will find yourself thinking twice before opening every door you encounter
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|I am a baby boomer and am a war buff trying to find out all I can about the war. I have several friends who were in the Pacific theater during the war and I was stationed on Okinawa during the Vietnam war. I have been very impressed with Steven Spielberg's efforts to show the way it really was. I enjoyed the movie \\"Saving Private Ryan\\". I was given the series \\"Band of Brothers\\" which I thourghly enjoyed. I just had to see this one. I also watched the movie \\"Windtalkers\\". There are many movies about the war I have not seen but I am searching for them. Many people did not like the protrayal by John Wayne in the \\"Sands of Iwo Jima\\" but I did. Didn't John Wayne win the war all by himself? I am looking for the first movie about Ira Hayes. I remember seeing it many years ago and I saw the recent remake \\"Flags of our Fathers\\" by Clint Eastwood. I didn't like it as much as I did the first movie.  It was okay but not like the original. I did like the \\"Letters from Iwo Jima\\". Every year I watch the movies \\"Tora,Tora,Tora\\" and the \\"Longest Day\\" to remind myself of the sacrifice many americans made so that I can live Free.
B0042MEQVG|5.0|This is by far the best movie of the Twilight Saga. A great story and film. I highly recommend it.
B00029NMRM|3.0|This is not anyone's best work.  And the story line leaves a lot to be desired.  But if you must see it, because you absolutely love one of the A List actors in it, then rent the film.  You will not see it more than once.
0930289234|3.0|Watchmen is a character story. For that we find a brilliant work. But is it really as groundbreaking as the critics say? Maybe for the `80s...<br /><br />The story opens with the killing of the ex-superhero the Comedian. This sets the tone of the graphic novel. It's dark, sad, and bloody. Alan Moore sets us up with a plethora of characters, each unique in his or her way, and throws them and us into a mysterious plot. It's difficult to recap a 400 page graphic novel. There are many twists and turns we find along the way, each revealing a new part to the story and the characters. I won't go into detail. Suffice to say, the plot is pretty intricate.<br /><br />Since I was most surprised and pleased with the character aspect of the story, I will first address that. I really liked how the characters were introduced, and closed, and how that interacted with each other and reacted to the events that took place around them. Nite Owl, the passive, kind, easily relatable man; Dr. Manhattan, just the opposite, serving as the distant, out-of-touch-with-humanity, trying-to-please person who just wants to put everything right; the Comedian, the violent, sadistic, animalistic antihero; Silk Spectre, the sweet and attractive female; and finally Rorschach, the mysterious, dark, violent man who does what he has to do to get the right thing done.<br /><br />There are more characters that I won't get into right now. Moving on. I really thought how the characters stayed to their proper characters was great. This is difficult to do with such a large cast. Moore nailed it. Everything fit together like a patchwork quilt. Moore really brought everyone to life. I cared about their decisions, I wanted the good guys to succeed, and I even understood the bad guys and semi-bad guys and felt sympathy for them. The characters weren't only interesting as they started in the beginning; they changed and developed as the story progressed, and the changes were well founded in what already happened earlier in their lives, which tied in nicely. Alan Moore really has created a masterpiece if you look at it from the character viewpoint. There was no disappointment here.<br /><br />Now for the story. We are brought into a complex collage of flashbacks, subplots, and a riveting main storyline that contains much more than meets the eye. From the get-go we see something serious is going on. As the story progresses we are introduced to new depths through flashbacks that reveal the characters' pasts, and see how the world came to be as we see it now in the story. So much happens through the course of the book that it's almost difficult to keep track of. But the author manages to keep it flowing well enough.<br /><br />Since this is a graphic novel, I have to say something about the art. And I have nothing bad to say. The artwork isn't like the art nowadays, but it's still good. The colors are real `80s style, but it wasn't offensive. I also liked the layout and how the scenes moved along. These things really aren't the point of the s graphic novel. It's really what's going on, not so much how it is portrayed visually.<br /><br />The last thing I'd like to say is that Alan Moore really knows how to develop the world in which the story takes place. It's realistic, gritty, and is perfect for what goes on. For a world that involves numerous superhuman beings and people that accept them, it is very believable.<br /><br />On these aspects I have addressed, I'm very please with this book. But there are some aspects that I have not yet discussed.<br /><br />First of all, the story is very in-depth and deep, which I thoroughly enjoy, but I think Alan Moore takes it a step to far. At times it can get tedious and overly detailed. I didn't understand why Moore inserted certain aspects that seemed to me small, insignificant, and unnecessary. I think he should have paced Watchmen a little better. I though the interluding subplot that involved the Black Freighter didn't need to be thereeither. I can see why Moore did it, to develop the story more, but it only served the purpose of dragging it down. There is enough story as it is without more added to it.<br /><br />These things may be annoying to be only because I didn't read it when it came out as a twelve-issue miniseries. But even so, the book should be written with the same pacing as if it were one big story rather than a number of smaller segments. There were also a few bits and pieces that I felt were thrown in there to complicate matters on a lower level, rather than simply adding to the story on a grand scheme. For example, the bit with the short man in prison with Rorschach, (*Spoiler*) and the part where the woman was drawing the monster (*Spoiler*). It kind of bogged down the story.<br /><br />Another thing. (*Spoiler*) I really didn't like how Ozymanias planed to kill a lot of people. The monster was rather ridiculous. There was no mention of it earlier (only with the woman drawing the monster, which made no sense. We'd never seen her before or anything, and we never saw her again.). Basically there was an epic buildup, with and ending that fell flat on it's face. An extreme letdown. I think there could be a much better way to utilize what had already been introduced into the story. Maybe something with nuclear war like Moore had seemed to be hinting at the entire time. (*Spoiler*) Also, at the end, Doctor Manhattan did something out of character as well, which was probably the biggest letdown of all. At least, if the plot didn't end well, the characters at least should. But no. Thankfully, Moore managed to keep everyone else in order.<br /><br />Before I move on, I'll say one last thing. There was a high sexual content, which really wasn't necessary and detracts from the story immensely. And there was a lot of violence and language as well. All of this brought the whole graphic novel down a quite a few steps for me.<br /><br />Now to the defining moments.<br /><br />Critics have called Watchmen groundbreaking, genius, a landmark work, remarkable, a masterpiece, the best example of graphic storytelling ever, a classic. Well, is it? My answer to this is, yes... to an extent. And no... to an extent. Here's why.<br /><br />Something like Watchmen had never been done before Alan Moore stepped up to the plate and brought his ideas to the table. A solid story, solid characters, and a world that is realistic, vivid, and striking. So, in this way, Watchmen is groundbreaking work. In the `80s, this was something that comic book readers had never experienced. It is deep; there are meaningful characters and events that we care about. It isn't corny, overplayed, and over-dramatic.<br /><br />But what about now, 2011, almost thirty years after it was first published. Does it still apply to us now? Is it still as important? It is in the sense that the characters are still interesting, and we like the story. But it isn't quite as relevant. We are no longer threatened by nuclear war. Other graphic novels have been written and drawn that have equal depth of characters and story, that may be even more complex. The artwork now has become far better than the artwork in the past. Graphic novels can only get better.<br /><br />The reason Watchmen will survive, and I think the reason it has survived, is because we like the characters. We can invest out emotions in them for the time we are between the front and back covers, and we will still think of the decisions they made even after we've put the book down.<br /><br />To conclude, Watchmen was a groundbreaking work. It broke through the surface, and it has paved a path for other graphic novels, and, I think, better graphic novels.
0345505387|4.0|I really enjoyed the graphic novel, it was interesting and gave new incites into the lives of Jamie and Claire...Hope there will be another one soon.
B003WTE886|5.0|Her voice is stronger and her writing is stronger and shes so fearless and brave with \\"wearing her life on her sleave\\"!  Cant wait to see what comes next from this amazing talant :)
B00382S9V4|4.0|A fun movie.  First watch the Steve McQueen version.  There is just something about McQueen that says \\"cool\\".  And the chemistry between him and Faye Dunnaway is palpable.    Now watch this movie.  It is more clever, more polished, more fun, but . . . Pierce Brosnan's character does not shout \\"cool\\" and I did not get the chemistry between Brosnan and Russo.  Plus the happy Hollywood ending wasn't needed.    None the less, this is a movie worth watching with your sweetie some evening.
0684857219|5.0|This is a LOT of interesting and useful information for under $20.    This is a bodybuilding book... written from a bodybuilder's point of view for the person interested in the sport of bodybuilding; for that purpose, it is a good read.    If you are into bodybuilding/weightlifting and are looking for interesting/inspiring material... this will keep you busy for a while.
B001FB4W0W|3.0|Once you start watching Trueblood it becomes like an addiction. I truly loved this product that I bought through Amazon. It was awesome!!!
B001EYGOEM|5.0|This is the CD that really got me interested in Taylor Swift.  I heard her songs from the first CD on the radio and loved them but never took a vested interest until I bought this CD.  I realized very fast that this tiny lil thing has an extreame amount of talent in her writing and vision and she is so brave for making her CD the way SHE wanted it :)
B000O599ZS|5.0|Some say this is the best Western ever.  Then there are those who say this is the best John Wayne Western ever.  It doesn't matter.  You must have this DVD in your collection.  You will watch it over and over and over.  It is definitely John Ford's best Western ever.  The only way this film could be better is if it was on Blu-Ray.
B00005N6KG|4.0|These are my favorite headphones for exercising; they sound very good, they are easy to put on & take off... and they always stay put while running, lifting, or pedaling. They are durable; I can throw them in my gym bag without worry.    I have found that after prolonged use, they lose some of the bass frequency (it may also be that I listen too loud).  I have found that if you really sweat, the sweat may block the little sound holes; I take them off and shake 'em dry.    I have also found that at under $10, those limitations don't bother me a bit.
B00009XNS9|4.0|Our kids have several Bruder toys including trucks, tractors, excavators etc.  They seem to be very strong material. We have used those in freezing conditions and also they have been played quite roughly sometimes without breakages. Despite the detailed and nice looking design of these toys they seem to be very durable.
B002ZG981E|5.0|There isn't much I have to add about this great movie. Was definitely my Movie of the Year for 2010, must see!
6304936303|5.0|Shane Black wrote this thriller and made a couple of million.  Put out the few dollars and see why the studio payed him so much money.  Look for the line by Bruce Willis \\"You do that again and I'll kill ya.\\"  Worth the price.
0307454541|4.0|The book is very slow to start with - taking several chapters to build up history about the business world and multitudes of characters that are difficult to keep straight.  Once the mystery picks up, the book was hard to put down!
B002BU0DPE|1.0|My son had this less than a week, and one of the ear piece snapped off. We were unable to attach it, and had to duct tape it.  He likes the headset, and I liked the silence, but for the cost, I felt it could have been more durable.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|I love this movie it's funny, it makes you cry and smile and it has a great message. I love it and my 10 yr old daughter loves it. My baby boy (7 months) liked it too!!!!
B002Q9VPFM|5.0|you know, i have no idea why i like this movie. i know what i like about it. but. i dont know what separates it from all the other \\"good\\" movies.  that being said, this movie. is awesome. the storyline is very different from your normal superhero movie. this is your darker version of \\"The X-Men\\", if wolverine was a bum, cyclops had a.d.d., rogue and ice-man had sex, and professor x was a bad guy. yeah this movie is like how that would be.     what i do know that i like about it. is that it is one of those movies that you can just have playing in the background of the room while you cook or do other things, but, its also one of those movies that while if playing in the background while you cook, or do other things, you might get snagged and hooked into finishing it.    make sure the ovens off.    only downside. what the hell am i gonna do with a digital copy of the movie?
0439023521|5.0|One of the best books I have read in a long time. I heard this was a teen book. This series was suggested to me due to the fact I enjoyed the twilight series. I am married and over 50 and in no way would restrict this book to teens. It is a cross between The Truman Show, Lost, Lord of the flies,1984, and Dune. Have nothing else planned when you start reading. My Kindle was smoking when I finished
B003062NG0|5.0|I had been trying to get hold of this album for a long time. I have to say it lived up to my expectations.  Par for the course for Porcupine Tree.  Excellent.
0061537969|3.0|Uhmmm, what to say...  So I saw all the great reviews and thought I would read it.  Racing in the Rain is a so-so book.  I won't be recommending it to   any of my friends.   I really enjoyed Enzo the dog who is telling the story  and that's about it.
B001BTG3OQ|5.0|I started out w/ the SB-800, and now own two SB-900s.  I use it in event photography (weddings, Bar/Bat Mitvahs, corporate events, etc.) and portrait photography.  The only area where I would prefer the SB-800 is that the SB-800 is smaller and therefore easier to pack.  But given that it's more powerful, and 1,000x quicker and easier to operate than the SB-800, I'll gladly pay the extra money.    The only other way that I could be improved would be to make it as easy to add a gel as it is on the SB-700.  Even so, it only takes a few seconds to add the gel on the SB-900.  The case is like the case for the SB-600 & SB-800, well-padded, much more protective than the case for the SB-700.
0307595579|5.0|Absolutely one of the most incredible crime mysteries ever written.  There will be no more from this fantastic author so I highly recommend that you treat yourself to this Trilogy from Mr. Larsson.
1439177783|5.0|Portia de Rossi's book is truly an amazing, honest, truthful, raw account of the struggles of having an eating disorder.  It is a remarkable, well-written account of the struggles and pain of what happens when the demons of eating disorders, low self esteem, and the loss of one's self effect every aspect of your life.  This influential book it truly motivational and so much can be learned and gained from her words that this is definitely a must read for anyone who has suffered from eating disorders, or issues with loving yourself or self acceptance.  She is truly an inspiration and her candid and real account make her relatable and real unlike so many other hollywood stars.  She is a model of recovery, strength, and absolute beauty.  Her book is well written, engaging, captivating, and brutually honest and I simply cannot get her words out of my head.  To reveal such personal struggles takes tremendous courage and Portia de Rossi is truly a role model for anyone struggling to gain self acceptance and love in your life and gives the hope that that recovery from eating disorders is most definitely possible.  Her memoir has made more of an impression on me than any other self help book I have ever read. Her memoir has truly touched my life and helped me learn so many lessons about my own life and it is truly remarkable the courage she has to so candidly speak about such personal hardships and struggles.  Thank you, Thank you, Thank you for writting this book you have helped me in so many ways.
B000JIHP88|5.0|This is a must have! First of all, it stays on for about 20 minutes at a time and if any parent wants their child to learn to go to bed on their own with out you rocking them to sleep every night, this is the key.  I put him in the crib and although he fusses for a few minutes the movement and music slowly lull him to sleep.  Second of all if 20 minutes does not do it, you can use the remote control to start it back up so your baby does not hear you come back into the room.  It is great and now he goes to sleep on his own at night without it being a big ordeal.  Also, if we turn it on in the morning, right before he really wakes up, he will stay in the crib fuss free for an extra 20 minutes so I can get ready.  It is great, you will love it!
1584282584|5.0|Off-camera flash is great.  But there are many circumstances in event photography where it's not possible, hence the need for this book.  I found it useful for explaining bounce flash, the use of gels, etc.  Light-years (pun intended) better than the average Amherst book.
B002RVZV9K|5.0|Over the summer I saw this Documentary. It had been given to a teenage guy as he is a huge fan of Jack White and totally into guitar.I knew I had to order it for my husband who is such a fan of really good guitar musicians. He was so excited that I had picked this out for him. I really enjoyed it as well. You won't be disappointed at all. This is for any age. Turn it up and let it rip!
B00015HVI8|5.0|My husband loves Stargate SG1 and he needed this season but the last three.  I got a good deal buying this from Amazon.    It is a great show and my husband got me hooked on them too.  I really wish the character of Jonas could have stuck around longer then this season.  I thought he fit well with the others...
B0002F6AH0|5.0|What a wonderful DVD set. I went to Borders and talked to an expert in history who highly recommended The World At War. It cost $100 in their store. I went here and found this series for $36. I ordered it the Monday before Christmas and it was at my doorstep by Wednesday and under the tree in plenty of time for Christmas! It is an unbelievable series of everything you would want to know about the wars. We watched 6 hours straight and wanted to keep watching. Compelling.
0061438294|5.0|This book was recommended to me by a self-defense instructor.  I found that it explains much of the body language I already sort of knew but could not verbalize.  Being able to verbalize the clues will allow me to turn vague feelings into certain knowledge.    Not being caught unaware is the first step towards avoiding or responding to trouble.    I also recommend this book for those in business.  Much of the body language taught will allow you to better understand what is going on behind the scenes at sales calls and meeting.
B00486070K|4.0|The shipment was fast, but the product didn't work at first. After a week, though, it started to work, and now it works fine.  It's a plug in and go adapter, so quite convenient.
0312600844|3.0|Is it a great book? No. Can a one-star review be explained by anything other than bitterness and/or envy? I doubt it.    There were fragments of great beauty, and the book holds together reasonably well, but maybe I'm just not that interested in the characters, who struck me as more contrived, which is a problem, than unlikeable, which isn't: a former basketball star who, at the suggestion of her therapist, takes up memoir-writing and writes hundreds of pages that sound (as noted by others) remarkably like the rest of the novel; a womanizing musician of alternative leanings who hits it big; a mildly misanthropic (and ultimately decent and dull) bird- and nature-obsessed lawyer betrayed by or tragically deprived of the great loves of his life, whom everybody else comes to love simply because he is somewhat decent and obsessive.    Worse, I couldn't shake the feeling, throughout the book, that the author was behind me, nudging me along, telling me, among other things, that this is a BIG book that deals with BIG issues: human freedom, the American political landscape, natural resources and beauty. Most of the minor characters (and even some not so minor characters) are merely devices, never venturing far from caricature, designed to make sure the bigness of the lives of the major characters isn't missed by the reader. I just didn't buy that this was a BIG book, that it contained insights and levels of meaning not to be found by scanning links on RealClearPolitics or Huffington Post, which also point to a lot of relatively interesting but ultimately limited Americana.    I don't recall feeling any of this when I read The Corrections, though that was a while ago.    On the other hand, I was mostly able to go with it, reading quickly, putting aside what made me squirm, and going along for the Patty-and-Walter ride. Franzen is of course a highly skilled and successful writer (which may explain most of the one-star reviews), but I doubt I'd be willing to plow through another five or six hundred pages of dressed-up family drama.
B003U0AHBO|1.0|This was a used video, but was indicated as being \\"excellent\\".  My husband watched more than half of the movie and the disc went to static.  He tried cleaning our  player thinking that might be the problem, but it apparently was the disc itself.  I WILL NOT be purchasing an used DVD's from this person again.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|If you've never read the Twilight books and you watch the first Twilight, you might not get the full effect.  But since I read the books, it just makes it all more exciting to finally put a face to what I imagined from the books.  Eclipse is so far the best!!
B002MW50KO|4.0|It sounds a little weirder than you expect - but only because we have all heard all of these songs done by so many different people. If you don't know it is Bob Dylan you might think that it is someone doing a parody of Bob Dylan or someone doing a parody of Tom Waits doing a parody of Bob Dylan. We loved it - the California part of the family hated it..
030746363X|3.0|As a nutrition major, athlete and \\"health nut,\\" there wasn't anything that new.  His \\"slow carb\\" diet is all in all a decent diet, although I thing his fructose-shunning is a little extreme.  In my opinion it was also written poorly.
B002ZG999U|1.0|Although I purchased this DVD as used, it was indicated to be in \\"excellent\\" condition.  It was not.  My husband watched most of the movie and then the screen went blank.  I've never had this happen before when purchasing a used DVD.  Needless to say, I will not be purchasing used DVD's from this vendor again through Amazon.  They should not be endorsed through Amazon either.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|The first copy of True Blood Season 1 that I received was defective and would not play. However, the seller did correct the problem and send me another copy as soon as I alerted them to the problem. I am satisfied with the service and would order from this seller in the future.
B000X107GI|5.0|I can't rate the attributes of battery life because I just got them in.  However, the expiration date is 2017 (it's January 2011).  So, I'm pleased with the expiration date.<br /><br />I got them, in a sealed package, delivered in a plain envelope (which I thought was kinda weird), but so long as they work, I'm happy.  I took one out, put it into my device (diabetic meter) and it works great!  Therefore, I'm happy.
B003ZTQN1I|3.0|I saw the movie and loved it. After viewing the movie I wanted to buy the soundtrack but found that this one on Amazon.com had the songs I liked but not sung by the artists who sang them in the movie. I was disappointed. There is a second album released from this movie that I found on itunes that has the original artists who sang the songs in the movie. My favorite, Give Into Me sung by Garrett Hedlund and Leighton Meester in the movie is on the second album, not this one on Amazon. I downloaded this song and Timing is Everything by Garrett Hedlund from itunes.com. If you want the real soundtrack, skip this one.
030746363X|5.0|In short:  The slow carb diet works.   In just over a week I'm off the energy spikes and feel improved all day energy.   Yesterday I did a 2.5 hour trail run (which usually leaves me ravenous) and was happy eating an hour and a half after the run was over.   I've spent some serious time at OneTaste. The practice works. Tim speaks truth :-)  I haven't read all the workout sections yet, I expect those will also make me smile.  Irrespective of your age or gender, there's a ton to learn here.   Get 4hb and get reading.  :D
B001P06GX4|5.0|Love the game.  Educational thinking game.  Only flaw is if you loose a peice I am not sure what to do because you need every peice to play.  Hopefully the company would send extra.
B003CFBQBW|3.0|My husband bought this CD for me for Christmas because I love the twilight saga books and movies. I really wasn't interested in the cd, but my daughter loved the music so I put it in and she loved listening to it. I have to say that I did enjoy most of the CD too.
B002ZG981E|1.0|Special effects are epic. Movie is epic too. Epic failure that is.    Even taking into consideration this is sci-fi plot is incoherent and full of holes the size of the Grand Canyon. Preposterous is an understatement. If you have ANY intelligence you will be offended by this dreck. Last third of the movie deteriorates into bad FPS computer game.    Acting is really bad for all actors involved. It seems they don't understand the meaning of what they are saying at all. Or maybe they didn't know what movie they were in. It seems so much money went into special effects that they had to skip rehearsals and would only do one take of each scene. 15% into the movie all actors recognized how bad this was going to be but were unable to bail out at this point, so they were just \\"phoning in\\".    Overall this is like a really bad dream but there is nobody there to wake you up.
0596805888|5.0|I received a free copy of this book as part of the O'Reilly Bloggers program but would have bought this book anyway - it has so much information in it related to the science of cooking.  I learned a ton!    If you're looking for a recipe book primarily then I suggest you might want to keep on walking - while there are quite a few recipes in this book, it is primarily focused on the technical side of cooking - temperatures and chemical changes - the why's and how's of cooking.  In a sea of recipe-heavy and information-light cooking books, this one shines!    There are interviews with a number of individuals from varied backgrounds and these are generally interesting and appropriately placed within its 400 pages.  I found them to generally add value to the sections where they were found in the book.      The book is broken into small morsels which can be consumed a little at a time and the format allows for easy hopping about rather than requiring a linear approach to the book.    I think you'll find it to be quite a good read - I did.
B0045HCJGC|5.0|This is a fantastic movie which has a tongue in cheek jab at political correctness and nanny state government.  Timely still today, Stallone and Bullock make a movie that isn't for the Hollywood elite, but is just fun to watch.  This should be in everyones collection.  Pull it out when you want to kick back, have popcorn, and a good laugh.
0316067938|5.0|Love this book! I couldn't put it down! This writer is amazing with her details. You really get sucked into the book and get to know the characters. Love all the Twilight books and movies! Amazing author!!!
B0017TBKKC|5.0|the book gives a history of the american journey from the 19th century til now and beyond. the big picture gives the present tense a more factual perspective in order to make sense out of the persumed day to day turmoil. the economic times are easily understood in light of our inability to appreciate the responsible behavior that goes along with material goods. there is also a connection drawn between the purpose of this country,its grounding principles of persuit of happiness is a fundamental human principle and how the search for meaning and creativity in our lives is a 21 century returning quest. the book allows me to see that this country is poised for a new foundation of wealth where all people inclusive of women will be able to create wealth. another book where sisters and African Americans contributions will be a fundamental contribution is in the \\"poems of conscienceness\\"[[ASIN:1434993604 Poems of Consciousness: Sisterhood is the Key]]. the poems are connected with a Future America a new movement for a holistic understanding from the bottom up perspective.
B002IVLH60|5.0|This is a great example of a band entering the later era of their career with both a finely tuned ear for what defines them (a la Pink Floyd's Division Bell) and a firey refusal to play \\"old\\" (see: Neil Young). It's not going to compete with Tom Waits for growing old with fire and smoke, but neither is it that \\"Hi, we're old now, and a little more laid back since we got out of rehab\\" moment that almost every band that ever survives has. Even Pearl Jam's beloved Who lost almost everything that made them great (save for the ability to stand on stage and churn out workman-quality renditions of the songs that they used to believe in)...and the second decade of the sprint is where Pearl Jam one-ups them. Not only in their performance of Love Reign O'er Me (youtube it if you haven't seen it), but in their ability to continue producing new creative material that is as relevant and potent as anything they've ever done.     Pearl Jam's embracing of the classicism of their sound is a saving grace as they grow old, in much the same way the aforementioned Neil Young's folky simplicity served his insistent youthfulness and Waits's blues-from-beyond-the-grave ethereal quality made him timeless. As long as they don't grow complacent about their purpose (which their new-found love of merchandising is starting to suggest might happen) then they will continue to be as promising as any fresh-faced artist.
B000ZM1MG4|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie when it came out.  It is one of the best comedies of the 80's.  I thought my 23 year old son would enjoy this classic!
B003YFIUW8|5.0|This book was written very different from what I usually read.  I got to reading this and could not put it down.  It is so scary to think that there are people in the world this sick and crazy.  Being told through a five year old is very interesting.  I would definitely recommend that you read this.
030746363X|5.0|I've bought three copies for friends so far, and the promotions done along with the book make it worthwhile. For the past week I've been following the slow-carb diet, and trying some recipes from the slow-carb cookbook companion. Kettlebells really do interest me, so that may be something else to add to my list for later on.   Also for those looking to experience a duration of 15 minutes for a female orgasm, what's in the book is about a process that takes 15 minutes, not one that lasts that long. This isn't a criticism only a clarification.  Recently I've joined the 4-Hour-Body group on Dailyburn and have found the Pro membership to be helpful too; if you join the site, even for the free membership, I'd recommend adding a link to it on your iGoogle page if you use one. Very easy to update and user friendly.  The book is very entertaining as a whole and I would definitely recommend it!
B002ZG993Q|1.0|total wast of time. just dont watch it. i got more mad as it went on. after it was over i thought just resell it but i dont want to do that to the next person !!!!!!!!
B002ZG980U|3.0|I thought that this movie was really cool. I enjoyed that it had action that it had, and I liked that it keeps you on your toes. I also like that you need to use your brain a little bit to keep up with whats going on. If you like all of the things that I have described then you will not be disappointed.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|I was laughing too...my 3 yr old daughter keeps repeating \\"light bulb\\" and she will sit thru the movie and I hear her small laughs. My two boys & my father in law are a riot!!!
B002ZG994U|5.0|Bought this as a Christmas present for my boyfriend. I ended up watching it with him and I really liked it! I was surprised! Highly recommended!
B001VNB54A|3.0|The visual and effects are superb like what you expect from a movie but as the series continue on you will find the explosions repetitive. Run, explosions, run explosions, etc. Each battle does not tell you location or name of the battle. The director just want to  glorify the war and put every battle as victories. So basically your watching an action thriller movie. Also like to note not once they present the japanese side of the story. If you like a quick thrill but dont want to learn this is for you.
B001OQCV6A|5.0|My fiance loves this movie because of the good acting, the action, and the mystery.  I love this movie because of the fantastic costume design, theatrical performativity, and sexy actors.  This movie has a little something for everyone.
B001IBIHQ4|4.0|Hi,  Haven't watched this movie yet, as soon as I get over to my Son's I will get it and watch it.  Then I will write a review.  Hon.  Dennis Freeman
B0041YI4ZO|3.0|Starts as a rather sweet romantic pantomime, but towards the end devolves into something completely silly: for some inexplicable reason the writers decided that Ip Man's adoptive brother was a Japanese ninja spy planted in Fatshan at the age of the 12.  Why oh why oh why?  Reminiscent of Ip Man 1, where Ip Man suddenly became a patriotic hero, single-handedly enthusing the masses to rise up against the Japanese oppressor - possibly good for ratings on the mainland, but not a whole lot to do with historical reality.    If you're a student of Wing Chun, a lot of attention has been paid to detail, and there are some fun fight scenes, though a lot of blows seem to be delivered with no noticeable effect.  The filmmakers seemed to be pursuing some agenda with respect to the 'authenticity' of Wing Chun variants, but I came away confused as to what they were trying to say.  There also seemed to be a sub-agenda dealing with Wing Chun's capacity to deal with modern grappling styles, a subject of much recent and heated debate, and this seemed to me forced and heavy-handed - though perhaps the casual viewer wouldn't have noticed the sub-agenda.  However the cameo by Ip Chun is delightful.    If you're a student of Cantonese, the Cantonese audio track is exceedingly clear and easy to understand.    In short, a mediocre but well-intentioned movie, spoiled by a silly ending.
B001C08RHA|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie when I saw it in the theater.  It has great action, a good cast, and cool special effects.  I was glad to add it to my dvd collection.
B00006CXSS|5.0|I realy liked Band of Brothers and have watched it a few times and each time I am amazed at the attention the producers paid to the clothes, guns, military vehicles and all around Historic accuracy.  Didn't like the language though and haven't watched Pacific yet.  My 44 yr. old Son, David, said it was good but too much bad language in it for his young Son, Sam to watch.  I know using swear words is prevelant in real life but when I was in Korea, even in the tough times I don't remember hearing swearing all that much. When I watch it I will let you know what I think.  Thanks,  Hon.  Dennis Freeman   dennydot2@yahoo.com  Would like to write a letter or e-mail to Tom Hanks on this item, is there any way I can get his address?
0679746323|5.0|I was born in 1982 in China and grew up with the communist education that hails the myth of Mao. I held Mao as a respectful leader until I came to United State for my graduate school a few years ago. In this period,I re-studied the Chinese history with some less-biased materials and started to know the past of my country better.<br /><br />After reading this book that presents Mao's stories in a different aspect, now I have a much more balanced view point on Mao as well as on the communist China. This book was well written. I recommended every Chinese reading it. It will help you to have a better understanding on China, which is important if you really want to \\"serve the people\\" in China.<br /><br />Personally, I tend to believe what the book says about Mao. Though I won't say 100% of its content is accurate, but at least the book itself presents the stories of Mao self-consistently and links the historical events in a logical and sensible way. The book makes sense to me. Personally, I am not surprised to know that Mao is a tyrant as every emperor in China had been. In view of the huge deaths he caused (~80,000,000), it makes complete sense to me that Mao is an extremely ruthless and selfish person. I feel sad that he is still held as a god in China, still poisoning the new generations of children in China. I am also sad that my education in China was built on a lot of lies.<br /><br />I feel particularly moved by the end of the book, which describes Mao's self-pity and non-satisfaction in his last days. This record of his death is highly realistic to me. I feel sad and pity on him as well. He spent a life time to pursue power, but was still not satisfied when he was at the peak of China. He died in ultimate emptiness and uneasiness. What a sad end for him!
B002ZG981E|5.0|I received my order even faster than I had expected it.  I would absolutely buy from this seller again.
0553381687|5.0|I have read all kinds of fantasy and science fiction.  Dune (Herbert),  All of Brandon Sanderson, Silverberg, Ben Bova, Sword of Shannara, Robin Hobb.. etc etc.<br />And if I had to pick an absolute favorite....<br />Though I really loved the Fool and Fitz-Chivarly, and Dune was pretty darn good....<br />This series is amazing.  Just because of the sheer complexity of it.<br />There is very little fantasy, and practically no magic, it is all about the characters.  And there are hundreds of them.<br />It is not an easy read, but when you have managed to set up a world where you have 4 \\"kings\\" and a queen fighting for the throne, and you really have no idea who is going to win (because anyone can die, main character or not)<br />Wow.<br />I cant wait to see the HBO series!  HBO sure has its work cut out.  The Wall, Riverrun, King Landings, the Dothraki landscape, and then all the characters....What a job that is going to be.<br />They better not mess it up, because I read the book and I will be watching for any missed details.
B004G6009K|5.0|I'm sure I won't be surprising many people when I say that I think Disney is really lousy nowadays.  They seem to spend most of their time creating pop music icons (they currently have THREE circulating) and horrendously badly acted high school dramas, and their last animated feature, the incredibly hyped and incredibly average The Princess and the Frog, seemed more like a cheap attempt to make money on the novelty of a \\"black Disney princess\\" than a genuine strive for cultural diversity.  So when I saw the horrendous trailer for \\"Tangled,\\" which seemed to present the movie as one of those \\"hip, modern\\"-type retellings and actually used the phrase \\"she's been grounded for, like, EVER!\\", I think I was justified in thinking the film would be lousy.  But just as one must never judge a book by its cover, one must also always remember that the people who make the trailers are NOT the people who make the film.  It's a shame, really: that trailer was so misrepresentative of the film that not only I but many people like me (college students who loved the classic Disney films) either didn't see the film at all, or didn't see it for over a month until word of mouth finally convinced us.  The movie is awesome.    If you're wondering why I included so much personal information in this review, it's because I just know there are many other classic-Disney fans like myself who don't want to see Tangled because they think it looks lousy.  And to those people I say this: I know where you're coming from, but just watch the dang movie.  It's fantastic.  It's right up there with all the classic Disney Princess films... in fact, it might be my second favorite, just behind \\"Beauty and the Beast.\\"  It's not \\"hip\\" or \\"edgy,\\" it's a classic fairy tale with one important twist right at the beginning which forms the premise of the entire plot.  And the twist isn't stupid, either, it's very well-conceived and gives the tale the dramatic weight it needs.    The film had me in tears before any characters even spoke (not counting the opening narration).  Not because of the plot or any sort of emotional scene, but because the first daytime exterior shot of Rapunzel's tower is one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen in an animated feature.  The entire movie is vibrant, alive, colorful, and overall a joy to behold.  Rapunzel's hair is certainly the best CG hair ever programmed, and the characters are animated in a way that makes them seem just like their older, hand-drawn predecessors.  But by far most of the beauty in this film comes from the scenery and environments.  The grass is luscious springy, bright green, the water sparkles and flows, and the... \\"lights\\" (I'm avoiding spoilers here) are also tear-inducing from sheer aesthetic splendor (to say nothing of that scene's emotional content).  You'll never get tired of just looking at the sights this film has in store.    Characters?  I don't want to spoil, but rest assured they are wonderfully written, animated, and voice-acted, with memorable personalities and some great visual gags.  I will say, however, that the animal sidekick Pascal is one of the weakest animal sidekicks Disney has created for its films.  There's nothing annoying or BAD about him, but... he just doesn't have very many good shots, and the few hilarious things he does are only funny because of the interplay with two of the other characters.  Speaking of the two other characters... there is this horse.  And he his hilarious.  He's the animal that Pascal is not; EVERY SINGLE THING HE DOES is animated in a hilariously eccentric way.  It's great.    The music grew on me.  A LOT.  As in... after seeing Tangled for the first time, my main and only criticism was \\"the songs weren't that good,\\" but after a second viewing I had them stuck in my head for a week.  They're great, with the exception of the opener, which is only good.    Which brings me to my only criticism of this film significant enough to warrant typing: it doesn't start outgreat.  The film starts out with some backstory, like Beauty and the Beast, animated and, more importantly, NARRATED to give the viewer the key bits of information that will be important later.  But the narration, in my opinion, is unnecessary.  \\"Up\\" and \\"WALL-E\\" showed how powerful silence could be in an animated picture, but Disney wasn't paying attention.  Now, if Disney just took the narration out, there wouldn't be quite enough information to make sense of, but I strongly believe that the opening plot setup could easily have been storyboarded in such a way as to convey the necessary info silently (except for the brief song... that can stay).  However, the narration is very well voiced, so it's not BAD, it's just... not amazing.  After this scene is the opening song, which is, as I mentioned earlier, the weakest in the film.  Then that scene abruptly cuts to the other main character in media res... and the movie is fantastic from that point on.  The opening scenes don't ruin the film or even make it lose a star from me, but I still wish Disney would have shown more confidence and put their best foot forward instead of trying to make sure they hook in modern youngsters with obvious narration and a kitschy pop song.    But anyway: if you are cynical about this film because of the state of modern Disney OR its trailer, I hope that this scatterbrained review convinces you otherwise.  So much could be said about this film... I just figured I'd rattle off my favorite things about it and my main criticism and leave it at that.  This is classic Disney greatness.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I took my garmin 405CX to a first run and I love it. You can customize it with 3 different views and data, so you can have precious information about your running. Also, with the GPS, we can have your pace as your are running. You don't need to wait till you get a correct distance and then calculate it.<br />After all, I'm loving it. If you need to improve your performance and get track of your evolution, you should by it.
B00004XMSN|5.0|I love the old christmas movies and was missing this one, so very glad to have it. Service was great, just what I ordered and received when stated.
B001DUJNGS|5.0|I own several Enigma albums and was able to add this to my collection not<br />even two months ago. Being a massage therapist and natural healer, I rely<br />on my music to enhance channeling. This album has become my number one go-to.<br />The chant that opens it soon melds into the track with the fastest tempo<br />on album. I find \\"Seven Lives\\" a potent energizer intro. There are two<br />(Indonesian?) non-English tracks on the album that have become clear favorites.<br />They are transporting with soothing voice and trancing rhythm. \\"My Dying Day\\"<br />is repetitive and spellbinding. Even my 60+ clients have responded to this song<br />in a way that can only be described as enchanted. Do not hesitate to add this<br />to your collection if you love new age, sensual, spiritual or chant music.<br />There's absolutely no disappointment to be found within this superior collection.
B002ZG9940|1.0|The trailers for The American deceptively made this film look like an action/thriller it is neither.  This movie quoting my wife \\"was boring\\" and I totally agree with her.  The only redeeming value of this film is the nudity (I know juvenile, but true)  Save you money, time, and sanity and don't bother watching this even when it comes to TV.
0718154770|5.0|We love this book.  We got it from the UK through Amazon (which is pretty cool in itself) and we have cooked a couple of dishes.  The speed that you can put something tasty on the table is amazing.  Bravo Jamie!
B003ZSJ212|5.0|i remember seeing A New Hope in 1977. it was the second movie i ever saw.    i was in complete awe of this movie. still am.    Episode IV is still my #1 favorite movie. i've seen it over 350 times.    fan? yes.  geek? probably.  weirdo? no (for the most part).    i honestly don't care if these will be the original or remakes (of episodes iv, v & vi).    i will still be pre-ordering this box set.    can hardly wait for it to arrive and settle in for a long day of some Star Wars on blu ray.
B001ADPMQS|5.0|My daughter had been looking for this moive for years. It was her favorite movie to watch during Christmas time. She would always look thru the christmas movies that comes on TV doing this time, but never could find it. When I saw it on Amazon I ordered it for her if only you could have seen her face when she open the box. She now has two kids of her on and guess what they watched together this Christmas.
B002RWKSII|2.0|If Brian Wilson is trying for a comeback, \\"Reimagining Gershwin\\" is not going to do it! His vocal talent as a Beach Boy did not help him with the Gershwin tunes and he sounds like he's at a karaoke bar.
B003XF1XOQ|3.0|I highly enjoyed the first two books in the Hunger Games series. However, Mockingjay was slow, underdeveloped, and I'd go as far as to say forced. The plot was no longer centered around the fast paced, page turning events of the Games, and I think the book suffered deeply from that. On the positive side, there was some great characterization with Prim and Finnick. But then again it seemed Katniss and Peeta suffered considerably. The series as a whole was a success and it is simply a shame that it had to end on such a mediocre note.
0634022296|5.0|I cannot believe I waited so long to buy this book. I knew several Beatles songs before I got this book but, I have been able to learn and play nearly every Beatles song. Most of my friends are musicians also and when we get together to jam the first thing we do is play through a few Beatles songs. This book has been so much help to me. I love it. BEATLEMANIA FOREVER!
0060853972|5.0|It's hard to be really intelligent. It's hard to be scathingly funny. It's hard to write a book. I say the aforementioned with good authority because I have been, on occasion, when Uranus is in alignment with what used to be Pluto, all of the above. Never at the same time, of course, THAT would be nigh impossible. BUT THESE BASTARDS DID IT!! I'm not surprised, as both Pratchett and Gaiman's individual works are atomically good; their collaboration is, simply put, nuclear good. This book makes me want to quit writing because its funnier in one page than I'll ever be in 1,000. Irreverant, intelligent, and incendiary, \\"Good Omens\\" is a book that will keep you from getting productive work done as you race to find out what happens next. I hope both of the authors go to Hell (Crowley would be proud.)
0823095223|5.0|It is very informative, gives excellent instruction as well as techniques.  I also like that it has an entire section devoted to how to properly photograph the finished work.
1594202842|5.0|Two thumbs up! I think this book is excellent! Wake up people.....have you paid attention to our kids test scores? Where do you think this country will be in 20 years with a bunch of uneducated idiots running the country?
0823015033|5.0|This book gives wonderful instruction for very detailed people.  The information for making life-like faces is extremely helpful.  The armature information is also very helpful.
6305633177|5.0|Excellent
B002KSPKRS|5.0|the turtle beach x41 is a very easy to use and high quality headset, the sound quality is amazing and it definately improves your game. A very good part about this headset is its wireless capabilities which not only lets you walk free from any distance within thirty feet of the reciever, it also doesnt give you the feeling that your tethered to the xbox. Another great thing about the headset is the comfort, this headset is EXTREMELY comfortable sometimes im not even aware that im wearing it. My only problems are the fact that you have to connect the headset to the controller to enable voice chat, and how the xbox does not fully support 7.1 dolby digital rendering the 7.1 surround sound useless, but this does not deter the product.    Overall I am very impressed with the quality of this product and I hope turtle beach continue to make their products with the same quality they do today.
030746363X|5.0|I started Timothy Ferriss' Fat Loss program last Sunday, Jan. 2 2011, and to date I have lost 10 pounds. I feel awesome and his \\"Slow Carb Diet\\" is easily the easiest eating program I have ever experimented with. I have recommended his book to at least 5 of my family and friends so far and they are also enjoying remarkable success. I plan on reaching my goal (8% body fat) in 6-8 weeks (down from 23%). I think I shall let the results speak for themselves.
B0037YOMWS|5.0|When my HP41 gave up the ghost I was truly upset.  Fortunately the HP30B was just recently released and it does much of what the HP41 did.  Nice unit.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|If you are a Friends fan or someone special in your life is one. This is the complete 10 seasons of Friends. Enjoy!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I saw that the Blu-Ray releases of the original trilogy will be special edition only.  That's the reason why I won't buy them.  Unless the original theatrical release versions are released on Blu-Ray as well (or with seamless branching) I will not give Lucas any more of my money for these films--especially for Blu-Ray editions.  Blu-Ray is the best format available and consumers deserve the best release--and that would be the versions that WON the Academy Awards for visual effects--not re-tooled band-aid versions!  Come on George Lucas let your films show their age--we don't care.  Some of us really like them that way!
030746363X|5.0|I enjoyed the 4hour work week and it changed my life.    I also love the 4 hour body. I'm starting some experiences Tim suggested.    One I finished already. How to perform a more womenpleasuring sex-experience.     Result: my wife reached four vagixxl climaxes in 9 (!) minutes and asked me what the hell I was doing. This was 15 minutes after I finished the short chapter about it. And as Tim promised, It wouldn't be hard.    Thank you Tim Ferris. Happy days :-)    Keep you poster about the other experiments.
B000093BDX|1.0|First off, I love The Beach Boys, and I love every album in their catalog, from Surfin' Safari to Summer In Paradise and everything in between, but these pointless compilations need to stop. If the record companies are going to put out Beach Boys compilations, how about they stop putting the same group of tracks ON EVERY COMPILATION!!! How about they put in a few tracks from Surf's Up, or Holland, or anything from between 1966-1973, which is the best period of their existence. How about they make some new rarities packages so I don't have to continue listening to my muddy-beyond-belief bootlegs. Where's Sound Of Free, or Wouldn't It Be Nice To Live Again, or the wealth of outtakes from the Sunflower time-frame, or the Smile sessions, or all of that rare live stuff (Can we please have the Carnegie Hall concert already!). Anyway, if you can't tell I'm frustrated, and enough of these compilations with the same old group of songs on it all of the time. You want a real Beach Boys compilation, go buy The Warmth Of The Sun.
030746363X|5.0|Tim Ferriss knows how to do one thing better than most people on the planet.  Create interesting content that appeals to the reader's ego, philosophy, and sense of adventure.    Each chapter outlines one specific goal and specifies his recommendations on how to achieve that goal at the minimum necessary effort for the maximum net effect.  That's it.  Simple.  Brilliant.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Suzanne Collins has put forth an absolutely astonishing novel. Full of fast-paced adventure, humor, romance, and just the right amount of spunk, you can wonderfully picture the book being acted out right before your eyes with the mind-blowing details and clarity. I personally finished the book in less than a day and pounced on the sequel, as well. Thank you, Ms. Collins, for giving us a great trilogy we'll be reading for a loooooooong time!
1151736961|5.0|Being a long-time fan of F. Scott Fitzgerald, I was not at all disappointed with this novel.  The language was masterful and romantic, drawing me into the beautiful and oftentimes sad and frustrating tale of Anthony and Gloria.  The first half of the book was enjoyable, filled with the dreams of every young person who falls in love with the boy she never thought she'd like or the girl he never thought he would get.  The second half is relatable and sad, as the couple discovers aspects of the other that he or she never thought would be seen.  All the while, the common elements of the 1910's and 1920's--drinking, parties, and the promise of fortune--pervade the novel.  There were some confusing points where Fitzgerald writes in the style of a play, and the characters are acting as on a stage.  I was a litle thrown off by these interjections in style, but that did not make the story any less enjoyable.  Overall, I enjoyed the novel, and would recommend it for Fitzgerald fans.
0446343129|5.0|This book is one of the best I have read on the topic of nutrition (particularly sugar). duffy's stories lens to a good connection with the reader, and he really did his research. I truly was SHOCKED by the list that was given of all the different hypoglycemic symptoms--I had experienced almost half of the things on that list. After I read this book, I felt renewed and determined to get rid of sugar for good. I will be recommending this book to all of my friends and family members that have any interest in nutrition and eating more healthy. This is a great book to have on hand; I have looked back and re-read several sections already. A MUST-READ for anyone looking to improve their health!
B0002F6BRE|5.0|If you didn't get a chance to see ELF-then you are in for a TREAT! This movie will destine to become a classic. Once the movie is over you'll want to break out the scissors and make paper snowflakes.  As a side bar - I  saw ELF on Broadway-and that too was awesome-it's a true GIFT if you get a chance to see on stage!  Hope this review was helpful.
B002ZG980U|4.0|Already own it.  However I recomend movie for the library.  This is action filled dream will elements of fantasy.  Not since Dreamscape has a cinematic masterpiece so enthralled with very smooth collapsiable photography.  It is a solid story good cgi.  There is a moderate amount of violence.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|People are getting bent out of shape on this Box Set. George Lucas is a perfectionist. Period. If he's smart he will take advantage of blu-ray's amazing technology. If he's greedy, then he won't. Notice that on blu-ray discs there can be multiple versions on one disc. i have several of these. all he has to do is make a button on the disc that says: Theatrical or Special Edition. Poof. Fan boys get the best of both worlds.     Take a look at AVATAR Collectors Edition. It has 3 versions of the same move on one disc. This is the beauty of branched play lists.     push button 1 and it plays Scenes A, B, C, D and E, etc.  push button 2 and it plays Scenes A, B, C(Alternate) then D and E, etc.  push button 3 and it plays Scenes A, B, C and E, etc.    Hopefully this will be the end of it. Not one version or the other. How about both, and a new version with even more content! That's my opinion.    In short, time will tell whether to buy this or not. Please George Lucas just put both versions on one disc!!!
0553805371|5.0|Wife got this book for me for my Birthday. While school was on break I had a chance to crack it open and read it from cover to cover without much effort. Professor Hawking does a good job covering philosophy of science, experimentation, relativity, quantum mechanics, astronomy, and then finally putting all that together in M-Theory, which he then uses to postulate a multiverse. Using the multiverse concept in which the \\"unique\\" exactness of our natural laws which make our existence possible merely an inevitability due to the incomprehensible--except in mathematical terms--number of possible universes, each with its own set of laws. He acknowledges that this conclusion requires invoking the strong anthropic principle--something which has typically done by religious philosophers when attempting to invoke the uniqueness of the universe and its laws in order to show that it would be statistical impossibility for them all to appear from a single event, hence, a \\"Creator.\\" However, Hawking argues that due to the possibilities of the multiverse this is no longer necessary condition even in the strong anthropic principle.    Hawking has been and continues to be a tremendous asset to science, and this book does not diminish it. He does not attempt to browbeat us lesser mortals, and there is nothing to be lost by not accepting his view of multiverse. We can only home that one day we can perform the experiments needed to verify his postulates, so perhaps Professor Hawking can add another notch to his very impressive belt.
030746363X|5.0|Fatherhood brought me one of my greatest joys more than I could imagine...our baby daughter!! It also brought me a fat belly, lack of energy and no sex drive!! Enter The 4 Hour Body! The chapters that I devoured as soon as I got the book (right after the Christmas holidays....appropriate timing) were   1. Perfecting sleep   2. Subtracting fat  3. Improving sex  With limited time at my disposal the \\"hacker's\\" guide to the above topics really really really appealed to me and for that matter to all Dad's looking at getting in shape, feeling rested and invigorated!!
B001EN71CW|5.0|You heard it all already. I am not going to repeat all what has already been said about Firefly. It is a top series and one of the most addicting ever. I finished Season 1 over a weekend, and you'll immediately crave for more. Unfortunately, there is only Serenity besides Firefly. After all of the success from DVD/Blu-Ray sales, is it not now time for Firefly Season 2? Come on!!! The series is well-known and has attracted enough publicity that many potential eager fans are awaiting. Bring it FOX!!!!
0515142247|4.0|Lee Childs has updated Travis McGee and produced the invincible and  indestructible Jack Reacher. His plots are complex and always full of  surprises and Reacher always gets the girl while destroying the bad guys.  Child's weakness, however, is that he loves to expound on his knowledge of  almost anything--especially guns.  After two or three of his novels, its gets  to be boringly repetitive.
B0042X9L6A|5.0|I am very pleased with the performance of this flash unit.  It comes with incandescant and flourescent filters for good color balance when shooting indoors.  I have used this unit with a Nikon D300, using the built in camera flash as a commander to operate the SB-700 remotely.  Set up with the camera is quick and easy.  It creates beautiful light for portraits when mounted in a umbrella. I am using with a Westcott 2332 43\\" umbrella flash kit purchased from Amazon.   I have not yet used the flash for portraits in very dark settings.  The unit is very versatile with a lot of functionality yet easy to use.  Only drawback is lack of connector jack for hard wire connections, which is not a function I will need.  I am a amatuer photographer and will use the unit for personal use.
030746363X|5.0|This book represents a lot of effort.  It seems to be based on sound facts and empirical measurement.  I like what the author has done, the effort he went to and now I will set about and see if any of this works for me.  I am using the iPhone Kindle version so I can have it with me as I go shopping for some of the recommended foods.
0743289692|5.0|Terrific book on so many levels. This one deserves to be followed up by my reading her other book. I have watched some of her You Tube videos as well including the one that resulted in the murder of the producer. (Considering death threats and attempts to kill people in the west for perceived insults to Islam continue this has to be a serious issue demanding action). And odd contrast is the book \\"The Pickup\\" which seems, as fiction, totally improbable by comparison though Nadine G may know for sure if her fiction is based on real characters and the culture is different enough that a reverse of Ayaan's life experience for a fictional Julie might be possible. I have already recommend this to others and consider it a must read.
030746363X|5.0|I'm a big fan of Tim Ferriss from his website. I have the other book \\"The Four Hour Work Week\\" and have been working through that one.  The new book is much more interesting to me.  He writes in a nice relate-able style, like he's having a conversation with you.  I think some of the ideas in this book might not work for everyone, but it sure is interesting and the personal perspective makes it just riveting, especially since I have a little crush on Mr. Ferriss.  Psst Tim, call me;-)
B002ZG999U|4.0|Action, action, action. No useless, gratuitous sex (it's about time!) Lots of fun, and it really seems like the actors are enjoying themselves. To all the snarky critics, this ain't supposed to be Shakespeare. Pure entertainment. Am I gushing? You bet. I can't wait to watch it again. Maybe when I finally wipe the big grin off my face.
B001EC3JME|5.0|This product works best if you use the flashlight while it's still in the holster.  To make this practical, the light's controls (on/off, etc.) should be accessible when in the holster. The flashlight is held very tightly and will not come loose, but can be removed easily by pulling on the front cover which stretches outward and loosens the grip on the light; it takes 2 hands - one to loosen the stretch grip, and one to remove the light.  Clips to belt or pocket, and fits comfortably in the hand when using with the inserted flashlight.
B00364K6YW|5.0|I have read the book and watched several BBC versions of this and have loved them all but I really enjoyed this version so much.  It is very true to the book and although some places deviates from the orginla book it is a cohesive work and so enjoyable
B001U3Y5XE|1.0|My 7 year old grandson loves LEGO!  He has put together kits by himself that are designed for a reccomended age of 15.  This game said you should be at least 7 years old.  The object of the game is to create buildings, animals, or objects (that are suggested by playing cards) from a variety of supplied LEGO building blocks.  Your partner is to guess what you have created.  After all the Christmas hustle and bustle was over, my two adult daughters, my grandson and myself sat down to play.  We could not even get started because the playing cards suggested items to build that were completely ridiculous and confusing!  There was no way that any of us could even figure out how a person might be able to begin to build any of the items.  The cards displayed items not made of LEGOs but were regular pictures of birds, army barracks, butterfly, flowers, and the like.  After pondering over it for 45 minutes, we gave up and put everything back in the box - never to be opened again.  LEGO has a stellar reputation and great kits but this game is just a joke!
B003XKPPOU|2.0|It has nearly two months since I ordered the BD discs. Still the discs are not delivered. Is there a way to track international order ?
B000W7JWUA|5.0|Great game for anyone who likes to strategize! I gave it to my 16 year old son for Christmas, and he loves it!
030746363X|5.0|Wow, Tim has done it again!     I was hooked within pages, and immediately recognized instances where other friends would love the book and love reading it. I recommended it to many of my friends on fitness challenges of their own and will start working on my own body issues ASAP. I wish I had this book sooner. <3     OMG ILU TIM FERRISS <3<3<3
0671027387|4.0|Ok, fact checkers, just to let you know this book is fiction and not all of the technology in this book exist. It doesn't matter, this book is a non sto page turner. If you have a long weekend and you plan to spend it reading this book you better get another one because you are gonna fly through this one. It was action from begining to end and loved every minut of it. It's probably not going to appeal to everyone as much as it did me, but if you like Dan Brown you will really enjoy this fantastic ride along. Buckle up because it's full of twist and turns and government conspricy. It's a real attention keeper right through to the end.
B00447L4JG|5.0|Bought this for my daughter for Christmas. Item arrived in great condition very quickly. One of her favorite movies...Decent price too.
1594202842|1.0|Despite all of Chua's education at ivy league schools, her approach to parenting is little more than caricature of what the stereotype of a strict asian parent is.    Her writing is shrill, her assertions about both Chinese and Western parents are one-dimensional. It would be funny if it were not for the fact that she's practically abusing her own two children.    Oh, and if she is such a great Chinese mother, where's her son? No son, she's a failure.    That part was kidding. But it's no different from the abuse she heaps on her own daughters.    At the end of the day, this books sounds to me like nothing more than Amy Chua acting out her own insecurities and her own lack of self-esteem by projecting them on to her kids. This books is nothing more than desperate attempt to convince herself of what she knows is not true.
B0013ND30M|5.0|She had this on her Christmas list for months and after going store to store to store, decided to check out Amazone and lol and behold..there is was at a great price as well. Thank you Amazon.
B002BSHWUU|4.0|Got this set for Christmas after my girlfriend introduced me to the Beatles this past year. Really like the fact that it is all inclusive and that there are short video pieces as well...
B003YFIUW8|5.0|If you are incredibly busy and don't have time to put aside all else and commit to read this book cover to cover, don't pick it up. You will be hooked from the first page! My most frequent complain about novels is that they drag on and don't keep the story interesting enough- that they finish before the book ends. Not Room. It got better and better as the story went on. The characters are interesting, lovable, and keep your emotions tied to their well being. I expected to be annoyed by the 5 year old's narrative style, but added to the endearment of Jack.     After reading Room in three days, I told my mom to read it. I don't have a mother's perspective, so it was really cool to compare what I figured out to what she had predicted about Ma and Jack. If you're looking for a mother/daughter book to read, I would recommend trying this. She is recommending it to her book club now. It is really a charming, interesting story that makes you analyze the world around you more deeply.
B000NOKA0S|5.0|Wonderful selection of songs written and sung by lenny.  Really enjoyable.     Worth buying.  if you are already a fan you know why, if not you are likely to become one.   Amazon has some really good prices on these disc.
0061537969|5.0|I found this story very unique. Told through a dog's viewpoint was a unique way for we humans to look at ourselves.  The plot was very heart wrenching and kept me reading, reading, reading.   I do not like car racing,but most of this stood as a metaphor so I found it quite literary.
B001QOGYBI|2.0|I love Wes Anderson films. The Royal Tenenbaums is possibly my favorite film (if not, it is in the top three). I think he is a fantastic and meticulous director who creates works of art.    But I just don't think his genius is appropriate for a film ostensibly for children. I appreciate his commentaries on modern ennui and depression and money never being a solution to your problem in his other work--yet I just don't think that I would want to show this film to anyone. For children, it is too depressing. For adults, it caters to them with plenty of clever jokes and wit and charming hand crafted animation (which I loved) yet it falls short of really having heart.    I rented this from Netflix due to reading varied reviews, and I for one am glad I did not buy it. It has a great cast, a great director and great craftsmanship. But for me, as I watched it--it has no heart. It felt like Anderson wanted to make a story he loved as a child into a film, but he is ill-equipped to make a children's movie. I think he should stick to what he knows and does wonderfully--black comedy adult films that examine the spiritual and actual problems of well-off people in America. I know a lot of people loved this film, and I wanted to too. But I just don't.
030746363X|5.0|The 4-Hour Body: An Uncommon Guide to Rapid Fat-Loss, Incredible Sex, and Becoming Superhuman is a health and fitness \\"how-to\\" book by best selling author Tim Ferriss ([[ASIN:0307465357 The 4-Hour Workweek, Expanded and Updated: Expanded and Updated, With Over 100 New Pages of Cutting-Edge Content.]]).    It explores a variety of different areas of human health, fitness and performance and how you can get the best results with a minimalist approach, covering everything from fat loss, hypertrophy (muscle growth), strength, injury prehab and rehab and speed to sex, swimming, baseball swing, holding your breath underwater and life extension.     Read more @ [...]
B003BVK2ZS|4.0|Excellent...read it on the kindle and then ordered a hardcopy for my library. Great author. Wish Allison would write more.
0399536108|5.0|The item arrived in a timely manner and in excellent condition.<br /><br />Thank you!<br /><br />Kathy Hardie-Williams
B000002UWE|5.0|I purchased this CD to get a couple of songs. And to my surprise this CD doesn't have a bad song on it! Very good music and good sound quality.
B00129H7VS|5.0|With the passing of Dick Winters- I wanted to write about him and this great series here. This series has so many reviews here that I can't really add anything new to someone interested in buying this collection. But the 1,800+ reviews that have rated this a 5 star series is all you really need to know.     Major Winters died on January the 2nd. His leadership, which is displayed greatly in this series should be inspirational to all. He led without arrogance or a sense of bravado. His calm demeanor instilled confidence in the men who surrounded him in times of battle. He was a humble man. His decision making was always with the best interests of his troopers in mind.     After the war ended Mr.Winters lived on a farm in Fredericksburg and built his own home. He didn't talk about the war, until the years leading up to Mr.Ambrose's \\" Band Of Brothers\\". The men that served under him had tried to get him the Medal Of Honor- but their attempts were unsuccessful. Mr.Winters is probably happier with the thoughts of his men than any medal he could be awarded.     I had the original dvd series for many years. And like many others here I upgraded to blu ray when it was available- its amazing on blu ray. I have a tradition every winter when my area is about to get its first big snow of watching the series again- the Bastogne scenes coupled with the snow and cold winter here seem to go together for me.     I would recommend this series to anyone who enjoys history. Even if you don't like war or this type of series- you will enjoy the top rate acting, production and story telling. All the while remember this is American history! This program is great for future generations to enjoy. Not to mention all the extra features- including interviews with Dick Winters and the men of Easy Company!
B000VLE3GA|5.0|After carefully listening to this CD, I believe it sounds as if it were made in the 90's or more recent, rather than the 60's and 70's. Much better clarity and dynamic range. If you're a Led fan, you should own this, you won't be sorry.
B00006D295|3.0|The video was true to the original and of good quality, but the special features did not work.<br />For example : The UK version wouldn't play. It came up as a selection and when selected the video reverted to the previous screen.
B002GY9F9K|1.0|Maybe for a teen public..., but for my taste everything is cheap in this series; effects, actors,the characters, fighting scenes, brand new cloths on everybody..., cheap rip off of real fantasy!! Had enough with the first DVD of the first season. A waist of money.
0062064304|5.0|It is what it is, an actual artbook. That's what is EXTREMELY hard to find around these days when you purchase these books. You get a real dive into the insight of a concept artist. The amount of work and revisions that build up to the ultimate creations you recognize make this stuff worth it. Other publishers could learn a thing or two, I love this book.
B002SJIO5E|4.0|`District 9' is an alien film with a difference. This is shot partly in a documentary style and follows some Aliens (nicknamed Prawns) who come to earth and who are segregated in society and who are kept in slums in Johannesburg. A government department called MNU administer and try to rehome the Prawns and this film explores what happens when one of the MNU team leaders becomes infected with an alien virus. This was slightly a slow starter, but after about twenty minutes this gathered pace and I was kept hooked until the end. The aliens aren't the explicit bad guys we have come to expect from modern films and there is real personality and a softer side to them that comes through, despite their rather unattractive exterior. This had a relatively unknown cast, who all perform well, and although the main character's South African accent can sound slightly like he is from Liverpool at times (especially when he uses the `F` word), this is the only downside to the film. The effects are pretty decent and whilst the film feels kind of low tech at the start (with the jerky documentary style camera work), by the end the effects are fairly good and the explosions and machinery are impressive. There is a lot of talk about the implicit apartheid themes to this film, and I am sure they are there, but you can just as easily watch this for a great sci-fi adventure as well. It has all the elements you would want, alien themed storyline, plenty of explosions and evil government agencies. All in all this is a good film and just over 1 hour and 40 minutes passed by in what felt like no time at all. If you enjoy sci-fi films, with an alternative view of how aliens may react when coming to earth, then check this out; I don't think you'll be disappointed.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0142403873|5.0|This is one of my favorite books to read to my kids! It is very clever. They have now made a TV version of this book which is great as well.
B001GCUO1Q|3.0|`X-Men Origins: Wolverine' is pretty much as the title suggests, a film looking at the back story of Wolverine and how he came by his Adamantium skeleton. This also looks at his relationship with his brother, who is excellently played by Liev Schreiber, after they fight in numerous wars together and then become estranged after becoming mutant mercenaries. Jackman plays this just like the other X-Men films, all gruff and angry and there is no real nuance to his acting, but for a gutsy, all action role you don't really need tenderness or finesse. There are plenty of fights and explosions here to keep action fans pleased and this also ties in the later films and introduces some of the characters we are to meet down the line. The story is pretty formulaic and you can guess nearly all the twists and turns from the outset, but for a reasonably decent action film and a worthy addition to the X-Men franchise this isn't too bad at all. This is good but not great.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B00445JSWS|3.0|Ok. Depeche Mode es una gran banda, la seleccin de temas ha sido muy buena, etc.etc. Pero hay dos cosas que merecen un minimo comentario: a) el sonido de Tour of the Universe pudo haber sido mejor; el clasico sonido depeche suena aqui \\"embarrado\\" \\"pastoso\\", casi sin brillo, no pristino, impidiendo el destaque de cada uno de los instrumentos, sobre todo en aquellas partes donde la base ritmica es \\"traccion a sangre\\" y no electronica. El grupo pierde en fidelidad de sonido en relacin a otros cd/dvd en vivo como 101 con base electrnica. b) Pero lo mas notorio es el metodo empleado por Gahan para cantar algunos temas; ok, Gahan no es Freddie Mercury y su  voz ya no es la misma que en 101, ni recibe los tratamientos de la grabacin en estudio, pero no es agradable escuchar clasicos de depeche cantados cuando se alargan innecesariamente las vocales: \\"in yaaaaaa room\\"; \\"enjoy the silaaaaaaaance\\", \\"without your televishaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan\\" en Sripped, etc.   Por estos motivos, un cd que podia aspirar a 4 estrellas, solo merece una nota de 3.
B002VECM4K|4.0|`Precious' is the story of a 16 year old girl who is pregnant for the second time (by her father) and who, despite getting good grades at school up to now, gets sent to remedial classes as she is unable to read and write. She is physically and psychology abused by her mother, she is beaten, treated like a slave and told she is dumb and stupid on a daily basis. Her only escape is to delve into various fantasies inside her head, about becoming a famous movie star or singer, or having loving parents for example and these fantasy sections contrast markedly with her harsh reality. She soon makes friends and finds inspiration in her teacher in her new class and feels a certain sense of belonging amongst the other misfits, whilst her life still remains hard. All in all this is a pretty bleak film, but it also has a certain element of hope running through due to Precious' tenacious attitude and inner strength. There are good performances from the entire cast (which even includes a small part for Lenny Kravitz) and the direction is excellent as well. This has been highly lauded and for good reason, it isn't necessarily an upbeat film, but it is portrayed so well the whole way through and makes you empathise with the main character. It is definitely worth checking out at some point, but be aware of it's gritty and (at times) bleak feel.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B003U9TDII|5.0|I love the soundtrack as much as the movie itself; composer Hanz Zimmer outdid himself with this beautiful but haunting score. The thing is, I found myself unable to listen to this while working because it is so haunting. It's not music that is easy to listen to, not good background music, because it sucks you in, draws your mind into the scenes from the film. It is absolutely beautiful work, but hard to listen to. Make any sense? I don't know, I love it but it's like liquor when I just need iced tea.... while WORKING. Now, it's great when working out, jogging, relaxing, but generate the wrong kind of brain waves during working hours.
B001LMU182|5.0|I can't say I understand this film fully yet, but I can say that I loved it! This is a rich film with lots to offer and incredible animation. I watched this after it being recommended to me many times and I wasn't disappointed. Yes, it's difficult to grasp at first, yes the animation is bizarre at times and yes you will enjoy it regardless. Give it a go.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0321525655|5.0|This book is a must for anyone who is tired of death by PowerPoint and knows that there must be a more effective way of communicating. The book is part inspirational, part 'how to' with lots of very helpful guidelines. The guiding principles are 'less is more' and emotion matters as much as facts.
B00337KMAA|4.0|`Up In The Air' is a film that follows a man called Ryan Bingham (played by George Clooney) who travels around America firing people for various businesses and clocks up millions of air miles in the process. He prides himself on his independence and ability to have no responsibilities or commitments and seems to live a highly charmed life. That is until a young woman joins his company and tries to change the business model so he will eventually become grounded and virtually obsolete himself. He also strikes up an unusual relationship with a fellow traveller which starts to break down his hard outer shell and brings some real warmth to both Bingham and the film. Although there are some very funny moments in this film, this is not an outright comedy and in fact by the end it is tinged with a certain amount of sadness. Clooney plays his role excellently and I don't think I have seen him act as well as in this film. He is charming, detached, vulnerable, funny and more besides and manages to portray his character superbly. The other actors are also very good and Vera Farmiga is great as the fellow traveller who wends her way into his life. This is a gentle film and is very well written and this had me laughing out loud at times and also feeling a certain sadness at the end as well. The direction is great and I feel this to be one of Jason Reitman's better films to date and if he carries on like this then things can only get better. All in all this made for just over 100 minutes entertaining viewing and whilst it has a slightly downbeat feel to it, you will still reach the end having enjoyed it and with a sense of satisfaction.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B002VECM6S|5.0|I love this movie! It was in perfect condition when it came and was delivered at the earlier date given and I love that! If you like comedy drama this is an excellent one. I sat and watched this with my 3 year old son he likes football and I just wanted to see the movie. It's perfect for those that get lost in material things and forget that even a bed is a luxury to some.
B001FB55LC|4.0|`Brothers' is essentially a film about the impact of war on a family. Sam (Tobey Maguire) is a marine who goes off to war in Afghanistan and whose plane gets shot down and he is presumed dead, whilst in reality being held captive by the Taliban. Tommy (Jake Gyllenhaal) is his brother who starts to look after Sam's family and develops a deep relationship with Sam's wife, played by Natalie Portman, as well as with Sam`s two daughters. Sam experiences some truly horrendous things during his captivity and has trouble adjusting to civilian life on his return and starts to have suspicions about the intimacy of his wife and brothers relationship. This film is very well directed and some scenes are excellently framed and shot, most notably those in Afghanistan. The acting from all three main stars is very good as well and Portman is her usual exemplary self. Maguire portrays the angst and trauma of a returned soldier well and although he is the weakest actor here, he is still very credible. There are some VERY powerful scenes in this film and there is a tension towards the end that keeps you hooked. There are also some real tender and softer moments too which balance the film well. You realise watching this film that the mental trauma of war can be just as potent as the physical impact and misdirected anger, when not properly dealt with, can tear a family apart. It is also worth mentioning that I enjoyed the soundtrack and felt it complimented the film perfectly. All in all this is a film with impact and although it has it's flaws (the most obvious being the biased, clich&eacute;d and stereotyped portrayal of the Taliban) it manages to keep you engrossed for the duration and gives you plenty of food for thought. Worth checking out at some point.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0307346617|5.0|Let me just say that I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I loved the premise of interviewing survivors from all over the world to document their experiences during the war.  Very realistic and engaging.  The first time I read this book I actually got chills, the second time was just as good.  I have re-read this book a few times now, probably every 4-6 months and it holds up, just an excellent read!
B002ZTQVGQ|4.0|Knowing where to start with a review of `Ponyo' is a tricky one. It is a film with a great deal going for it, but with some minor flaws as well. This is loosely based on `The Little Mermaid' and like that film this is aimed towards kids. With this in mind it is less disappointing for those (like myself) who are fans of the more adult themed films from Ghibli, like `Spirited Away' and `Howls Moving Castle'.<br /><br />There is a slight departure in the animation style of previous Ghibli/Miyazaki films. This isn't quite so gritty or fantastical and it is more simplistic in general. If you are used to the lush renderings of films such as `Totoro' then the blank, bold colours will disappoint you. The style here is much simpler, with less brush strokes and artistic nuance; but once you get used to the animation style of this particular film you can quickly become engrossed in the fairytale.<br /><br />Like many modern Ghibli films there is all star vocal dubbing, with stars such as Liam Neeson and Cate Blanchett and these fit in reasonably well with the animation. There are also typical Miyazaki environmental themes, without them being rammed down our throats, and there is the occasional mention of man kinds pollution of the sea to ponder upon. The charm so prevalent in Ghibli characters is on show here as well and Ponyo reminds me of the kids in Totoro at times. Miyazaki's love of flying machines is also represented as well, although the main flying machine is a winged boat that `flies' under water.<br /><br />This has a simple storyline, which you would expect from a kids film, and the ending was mildly lack lustre, with a test for Sosuke that isn't especially taxing and for more adult viewers or parents watching this will feel slightly anti-climatic. But saying that and despite my earlier reservations about the animation, this is still a reasonable Ghibli film and taken in it's own right and considered as a kids film, this isn't too bad overall. I only hope the next offering from Miyazaki is aimed towards adults and returns to the lush animation of his roots. 3  - 4 stars.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.aimed towards adults and returns to the lush animation of his roots. 3  - 4 stars.    Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B000I2J6K0|5.0|I love this video!  I exercised frequently before pregnancy, so it was really easy in the beginning.  However, by the end of the first trimester I found it harder!    Erin O'Brien's personality comes through in the video, and she's great.  Not perky or peppy, just calm, informed, funny and positive.  I alomost feel as though I am working with my own down-to-earth personal trainer.  The video appears to be recorded in a home, her home, I don't know.  So it has a \\"home recording\\" type quality to it.  Not at all poor quality, just not in a studio with lights and lots of loud music.    I get a good, toning workout, with a few times of elevated heart rate.  Yet, this DVD is more for toning than a full on cardio workout.  Lots of squats, lunges, glute work.  She stays away from abdonminal exercises which feels safer to me, but does remind you to focus on pulling in your belly.  No exercises are done flat on your back either.  Great video -- but still include some more cardio in your regimen!
B000002LN9|5.0|This album is so good. It shows Ec playing some stupendous blues, ripping through some Cream tracks, has the better tracks of his output at that time and some excellent playing alongside an orchestra. I've rarely heard EC play the guitar as well as on this album, it is breathtaking at times. One of my favourites of his live work.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|This is by far the best album I've heard in a very long time. Kudos to Mumford & Sons for creating such a phenomenal album.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|To say that Mumford and Sons debut `Sigh No More' is truly infectious and will get your feet tapping is a gross understatement. From the album opener until the dying notes of `After the Storm' I often have a sloppy grin plastered across my face and find myself dancing and slapping my leg with gusto: and even though there are some more slower paced ballads mixed in here, this is still an upbeat and joyous album. The banjo playing never fails to delight me and it adds that frenetic, fast tempo sound that only this instrument can offer. There are SO many good tracks on this album it is difficult to single any one out, although `Little Lion Man' is one of the most well known and has one of those choruses you can't help but shout along with full blast. The more gentle `After the Storm' is a beautiful way to end the album as well and manages to bring you down from your album buzz without any feeling of let down whatsoever. There is much talk of this band being `nu-folk' and how there has been a traditional folk backlash etc, but to be honest who cares about labels and pigeon holes, taken on face value and enjoying the music for what it is (which is all anyone should do anyway!), this is a great album of a band who are obviously enjoying themselves and offering us some excellent songs, performed with verve and passion. Who could really ask for anything more? One of the best albums I have bought recently and well worth a try.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0316098337|5.0|When critics and readers tallied 2010, Emma Donoghue's 'Room' landed on innumerable Top 10 lists.  It richly deserves those accolades.  It's a brilliantly plotted and executed book, one that never once loses its singular voice and worldview.  'Room' is made even more impressive by the knowledge that it was conceived and wrapped up prior to the revelation of the Jaycee Dugard case, a real-life episode with stunning parallels to Donoghue's fictional account.  It's tough to go any deeper into plot or narrative without dropping major plot-spoilers, so I'll instead simply urge readers to get their hands on this work as soon as possible.
0316066524|5.0|Despite it's ponderous size I've read this book more times than just about any other. I still respond to the writing and plot in this book more than I expect to.      In hindsight of his death the sadness he wrote about was not the abstract understanding of a concept that he mastered and could retell as vivid and accurately as his addict recovery depictions were; but entirely heartfelt and is a haunting theme.  That said he was able to play with the darkness so many people live with and write some passages that continue to make me laugh out loud.  This isn't gloomy russian literature, it's a contemporary American masterpiece.
B00488I8O0|4.0|I've Been A Huge Fan Since 1977. They Are In My Top three Bands of All Time.To Me This Is By Far, There Best Work In Over 10 Years.Almost Every Song Kicks Ass And Reeks Of Beer And Liquor. Which To Me, Is Always A Good Thing When I Want To Rock Out With Motorhead. It's Classic Hard Rock At It's Very Best. If This Record Was A Movie. It Would Be Called Fist Full Of Bastards.Lemmy Came In To The Scene, With His Guns A Blazing And He Will Go Out, With Them Guns A Blazing.Motorhead Often Imitated Never Duplicated,A True One Of A Kind Rock-n-Roll Hall A Fame Giant.
B0015DROBO|1.0|Predictable, with poor writing.<br /><br />How many pages of bare facts can one yawn through while extreme emotional dramatic pivot points get a paragraph or two while thinking that one is spending their time in a worthwhile manner?<br /><br />Allegedly the editing wasn't completed so the lost plot strings, jumbled facts and excessive detail may be attributable to this.  I gave it 2 stars rather than one just because i liked the idea of Steig Larsson himself publishing much like in the millennium and the \\"feminism\\".  Otherwise I just can't believe that people suck this up over and over again to the point that this makes any bestseller list.  WHY??<br /><br />I would add a spoiler alert here, but none of these should be surprises to anyone who has ever watched an episode of any American detective show in the last 30 years. Tough delinquent punk chick who is also a genius computer hacker and able to easily solve mysteries the seasoned investigative reporter could never figure out? Check. Hero unknowingly reveals details of entire investigation to the killer? Check. Killer ties the hero up and spends ten minutes revealing every missing detail? Check. Hero saved at the last minute by the arrival of sidekick? Check. Car accident takes care of villan? Check. Wow.
B003J27WFW|5.0|I enjoyed the first DVD and haven't viewed the second one yet.  But still, the first DVD is awesome and worth the purchase.
B001P9EQH8|4.0|Depends on what you need this for. Great for iPod/iPhone or other MP3 players. Will help add a tiny bit more juice to something like a 32ohm headphone, ie: beyer dt880 32ohm. Size is also great. Bass doesn't help much and sounds a little muddy at higher volumes. The battery life is good went 4-5hrs straight no problem with Astro Mixamp.    Not sure if others bought this for similar use since I haven't really read other reviews. But I initially purchased this to use with my Astro Mixamp/PS3 to help power my AKG k702 headphones for more volume. Helped a little bit. Next option was the FiiO E7 but I didn't care for portability or a Amp/DAC so I ended up investing a bit more and getting the FiiO E9. That definitely did the trick.     I own a Burson Audio HA-160 amp as well to use with my power hungry headphones for music but the FiiO products I now own are strictly for my PS3/Movies. I use the k702's for online gaming mostly and beyer dt880 for movies/single player games.    Even though I haven't used this little guy much I've grown attached to it for some reason and can't get rid of it. I'm sure the E5 will eventually come in handy for something so I'm keeping it. Hope this short review helps.
B000003TAN|4.0|Listening to this thing I was made aware that some music, progressive or by whatever name, has a tendency to wake you up and increase one's awareness of what is going on musically. This is stuff that doesn't lull me into some sense of the infinite. Its bizarre mash up of '80s something or other, rock and ambient adventures wakes me up, increases my awareness of the music among other things like a good shot of coffee. Now that can be a good thing or really annoying. The Whitey album is both, but the cool outweighs the irritating. I suppose one can say the music is dated and yes, \\"Addicted To Love\\" sucks, albeit in an amusing way, but a lot of whats here is really interesting, especially the instrumental bits. This is Sonic Youth and Watt stretching out and having some fun, indulging their most arty aspirations while sometimes \\"taking the piss\\" circa the late 1980s. But it isn't an album I can sit through all at once. Which is not necessarily a bad thing.
B00092ZMDY|3.0|Capable but frequently joyless performances, largely of Joe Walsh's James Gang and Don Henley solo material and songs by Randy Meisner, JD Souther, Jackson Browne, Don Felder, Paul Carrack, and other talented individuals not on the stage. Henley and Frey are in good voice, although watching them grimace is not my idea of fun. The concert does get better as it progresses, and the band shows some enthusiasm when allowing Joe Walsh to stretch out on guitar, particularly on his own material and \\"Life In The Fast Lane\\".
1594202842|1.0|Not all Chinese parents raise their kids like this. Title is misleading and kind of stereotyping how Chinese parents are all like this. It seems that the author's mother was really critical of the author and the consequences of critical family are also experienced in any other critical parental environment, which includes Whites, Blacks, Indians, etc.    Get a therapist if you cant get over your critical parents experience, not write a book that stereotypes  Chinese parents.
B003EYVXXW|5.0|This is one of those rare movies that brings history to life in a way that moves the mind of today. I also think it is much misunderstood by some of the critical reviewers; both in the science and in the art of it. I'd like to try to clear some of that up and encourage more movie lovers to give this one a view.<br /><br />Before I begin, I would request that those who click \\"Helpful\\" or \\"Not Helpful\\" not make their decision by deciding they don't like my description of their religion. I'm reviewing a movie, not anyone's religious beliefs and would ask that you decide based on that.<br /><br />Our main character is Hypatia of Alexandria. Most people aren't even familiar with that name anymore, which is a sad statement on our public education system, but that is another story altogether. As an introduction, Hypatia was a somewhat mysterious scholar and lecturer in Alexandria during the second half of the 4th century. To put it into context, her skills in mathematics joined with her deep knowledge of philosophy (she was a student of Ptolemy) and ability to speak made her not just a brilliant scientist but one capable of transmitting that knowledge in an engaging way to students. Needless to say, she was popular and her students traveled from all over the known world to hear her and study under her.<br /><br />Why she remains mysterious is entwined with her death and the rise of the Christian church at this time. Much of what she did was destroyed and, in fact, most of the knowledge of the time was purposefully destroyed by Christians as they rose to power. Most of what survives of Hypatia is third person in the form of letters about her and her discoveries and a few remaining scraps from her lifetime.<br /><br />In the movie, we follow Hypatia and the larger city of Alexandria through a time of tumult and change. Christianity is on the rise and in Rome, the Emporer has become a Christian (though retrospective analysis indicates it was a political move to capitolize on the violent action of early Christians in suppressing a populace that questioned rule by Emporers and wanted a return to the Republic). In effect, now all those in government must also convert...even at the point of a spear. Some, however, are genuine believers. It is the ignorance of the uneducated combined with the justification that no matter what you do, if you *can* do it then it must be this god's will that helped to set the ancient world ablaze in our story.<br /><br />In order to not spoil the movie for others, I'll not get into too many details that unfold during the movie. The general progression is that Hypatia, who lives to learn and discover as scientists across time have always done, continues her work under an increasingly tight net until the inevitable happens and the Christians demand that she, as a woman, must be silent...and she must convert. When she refuses it is only a matter of time until they wreak a terrible vengeance upon her.<br /><br />Because so much of her life is unknown but hinted at, the writers in this movie have much leeway in depicting her life amongst the men who surrounded her as students, admirers or implacable enemies. The addition of the story of her slave, Davus, is compelling and allows them to deal with her death in a more senstive manner than it happened in real life. In real history she was butchered with sharp shells while alive and then hung and burned while still alive directly afterward. And it is an accepted fact that she was, in fact, a virgin and no ones lover. Dedicated to science and learning, she had no interest in purely physical relationships by all accounts. The story of the handkerchief and this attitude is dealt with delicately.<br /><br />I found the acting well done with Rachel Weisz stunning as the mentally absorbed and physically pared down Hypatia. What other reviewers have called wooden in some of the performances are reflective, I think, of the manner and style of the time and suit the scenes and language exceptionally well. The director has allowed others to be a little muted so that those who have the passion to move mobs or minds stand head and shoulders above the rest. Stunning work.<br /><br />The imagery is, in a word, brilliant. The perspective, recreation of Ancient Alexandria and even the turning of the camera to reflect a world turned backward by the wanton destruction of the sum total of it's knowledge is breathtaking.<br /><br />There is also clearly a misunderstanding of her experiments in the movie and one even remarked that this wasn't discovered until Kepler. That is the point. We'll never know what was discovered or codified mathematically by her, her students or even thousands of others who work resided in Alexandria (think of Alexandria as repository of all work done in the universities and research facilities of today and you'll get the idea). It was purposefully destroyed and we entered a dark age that pushed back such discoveries, whether for the first time or rediscoveries of lost knowledge, a thousand years. The experiment on conic shapes and planetary movement was entirely logical given her sphere of work but the movie shows how such knowledge is lost by using a bit of information that is approachable and undestandable to the movie audience. I found it compelling.<br /><br />While Hypatia was a renowned scholar of conic shapes (and this knowledge plays a huge role in the early discovery of planetary movement) and a passionate student of astronomy, there remains no proof that she unraveled the dichotomy between planetary movement and the paradigm of circles. It would be nice to think she had solved such a thing and at least had that before she died.hers to be a little muted so that those who have the passion to move mobs or minds stand head and shoulders above the rest. Stunning work.    The imagery is, in a word, brilliant. The perspective, recreation of Ancient Alexandria and even the turning of the camera to reflect a world turned backward by the wanton destruction of the sum total of it's knowledge is breathtaking.     There is also clearly a misunderstanding of her experiments in the movie and one even remarked that this wasn't discovered until Kepler. That is the point. We'll never know what was discovered or codified mathematically by her, her students or even thousands of others who work resided in Alexandria (think of Alexandria as repository of all work done in the universities and research facilities of today and you'll get the idea). It was purposefully destroyed and we entered a dark age that pushed back such discoveries, whether for the first time or rediscoveries of lost knowledge, a thousand years. The experiment on conic shapes and planetary movement was entirely logical given her sphere of work but the movie shows how such knowledge is lost by using a bit of information that is approachable and undestandable to the movie audience. I found it compelling.    While Hypatia was a renowned scholar of conic shapes (and this knowledge plays a huge role in the early discovery of planetary movement) and a passionate student of astronomy, there remains no proof that she unraveled the dichotomy between planetary movement and the paradigm of circles. It would be nice to think she had solved such a thing and at least had that before she died.
B000ATQYT2|5.0|Hands down, one of the funniest Muppet movies ever and the best Christmas Carol adaptation of all time.  Michael Caine is at his best.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|One of those crazily persistent Amazon suggestions kept showing this book after I bought my Kindle 3 and I finally gave in. The next morning, bleary eyed from lack of sleep and with a full understanding that I wasn't going to get much done on my Christmas vacation, I bought the other 2 books in the trilogy. I can't say that I read them so much as I absorbed them into myself. So, even though there are over 1200 reviews here to read, I simply have to add my own.<br /><br />Our story revolves primarily around a teen girl named Katniss, but includes many secondary characters of great vividness and depth including two teen boys, Peeta and Gale. These youngsters are from District 12 in the country of Panem; a future version of a collapsed United States. Being the final District in 12 total, her district mines coal as it's primary duty and life is exceptionally hard and brutal there. Unlike more advanced districts that make luxury goods or electronics, there is not enough food to really thrive and Katniss has been providing for her diminished family through poaching the forbidden forrests for years.<br /><br />Panem, probably a shorter version of PanAmerica, experienced an uprising in the districts some generations back. As a result, District 13 was destroyed and made inhabitable and each of the remaining districts placed under terms of brutal submission. A reminder of this submission are the Hunger Games. These twisted annual games require that each district select 2 children, a boy and a girl, by lottery who are \\"tributes\\". In the games, they fight to the death in a specially erected environment.<br /><br />This short description doesn't even broach the surface of it, really. Like today's Survivor or Ancient Rome's Gladiatorial games, there is intense competition in the Capital to have a more elaborate environment or compete for the best costumes at the opening ceremonies. All of this trite competition completely overlooks the basic hard fact that these children are going to be forced over days and weeks to kill each other. The more gruesome and horrible, the better they love it. And the environments themselves are dangerous, with many dying slowly of thirst or hunger or eaten by animals. The Gamemakers throw targeted horrors at them to keep things interesting and moving along on top of all that.<br /><br />Katniss, as you might imagine, winds up in the games by volunteering for her younger and more gentle sister. It is she and Peeta, a boy who once saved her life and the life of her family with a single act of compassion, that now compete in the games in which only one of them can hope to survive.<br /><br />While the games are certainly a focus of the book, the story artfully blends the life of District 12, the whirlwind leading up to the games and the game itself into a comprehensive whole. The masterminding of a strategy with an old drunkard winner, Katniss and Peeta leads to the romantic struggle as well. You become at once a member of the audience and the invisible rider on Katniss' shoulder, urging her on and forward throughout the book.<br /><br />I genuinely enjoyed the story, which is taut and entirely original and can't imagine how this is geared towards teens other than the use of words below a certain grade level. In truth, the use of words works with this story in a way that using complicated words seen in \\"adult reading\\" books would not. Katniss would not resonate with the reader nearly as well.<br /><br />There are two further books in the trilogy and both of those are equally highly recommended. I only suggest that you buy them all at once or be sure your Kindle is ready to receive before you start this one. You won't want to stop at the last page.ys and weeks to kill each other. The more gruesome and horrible, the better they love it. And the environments themselves are dangerous, with many dying slowly of thirst or hunger or eaten by animals. The Gamemakers throw targeted horrors at them to keep things interesting and moving along on top of all that.    Katniss, as you might imagine, winds up in the games by volunteering for her younger and more gentle sister. It is she and Peeta, a boy who once saved her life and the life of her family with a single act of compassion, that now compete in the games in which only one of them can hope to survive.    While the games are certainly a focus of the book, the story artfully blends the life of District 12, the whirlwind leading up to the games and the game itself into a comprehensive whole. The masterminding of a strategy with an old drunkard winner, Katniss and Peeta leads to the romantic struggle as well. You become at once a member of the audience and the invisible rider on Katniss' shoulder, urging her on and forward throughout the book.    I genuinely enjoyed the story, which is taut and entirely original and can't imagine how this is geared towards teens other than the use of words below a certain grade level. In truth, the use of words works with this story in a way that using complicated words seen in \\"adult reading\\" books would not. Katniss would not resonate with the reader nearly as well.     There are two further books in the trilogy and both of those are equally highly recommended. I only suggest that you buy them all at once or be sure your Kindle is ready to receive before you start this one. You won't want to stop at the last page.
0316098337|4.0|It's been a long while (thanks to grad school) since I've gotten to read any bestsellers, and so I was especially excited when I received Room for Christmas. It's rare, it seems to me, that a novel receives such an enthusiastic critical and popular reception, and what's more, it just sounded like a unique, fast, and compelling read. Additionally, although I wasn't very sure what the author would do with the situation of a mother and child leaving behind the room in which they've been held captive, but the premise seemed to me to hold a lot of metaphorical potential (the obvious reference would be Plato, though the author goes more with Freud), and I was intrigued what Donaghue would do with it.    So, I had high expectations going into the novel, and for the most part, I was really pleased. First of all, Room was a gripping read. The opening section (all of this is narrated by the five-year-old Jack) really is pretty marvelous, as Jack describes his world, confined to an 11x11 room with a tv in it. Jack is unaware of the full horror of the situation, and so the scenes aroused some pretty contradictory, but strong, emotions for me: nostalgia for the way the world seemed so vivid and safe, deep admiration and sympathy for the mother's struggles to raise her child, and sadness at the pair's deep loneliness and fear. And the novel really takes off at the point when Jack and Ma decide to escape. From that point, I had to stay up until 3:00 that night to reach a part that finally wasn't exciting. And the ending (which made me finally understand the enduring popularity of Margaret Wise Brown) is simply beautiful. Storywise, Room is certainly a well-written, affecting read.     I was slightly only slightly disappointed in that the novel wasn't much more than an engaging and entertaining read, though. I might be unfair in wishing that there had been more and not judging the novel simply on what it is, and I'll admit that Room is psychologically astute (as many have pointed out, similarly to [[ASIN:1400032717 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time]] in the Nighttime) and does highlight on the dehumanizing, exploitative nature of our culture and media pretty powerfully. But I did wonder as I read it if there could have been more to the novel, more to be said by this story. But Room is, in the end, what it is, and that is a very good book.
B00386EZJU|5.0|In reviewing the title movie, I did not mention the soundtrack at all; it deserves its own review.  I am amazed by how, more and more, the animated features get the red carpet treatment when it comes to music.  This one is certainly at the head of the pack in that category, but is one of the best soundtracks of recent release regardless of the kind of picture it supports.  I think Powell must have had to jump up and down on the score to cram so much wonderful, rich, and colorful rhythm and instrumentation into this composition.  While the whole is unified through repetition and variation of the main themes, there are plenty of different musical ideas here to keep it from getting even close to boring.  This is one boisterous, joyful, foot-stomping joy-ride....just like the film itself.  Those already familiar with the film will immediately recognize such wonderful cues as 'This is Berk', 'Test Drive', and 'Romantic Flight', and there are many other rousing renditions of these main themes.  I would also suggest 'Dragon's Den' for its drving rhythmic energy, darker tones, and subtle,warm dissonance.  Its sinister mood is still very likeable and deserves repeated listening.  The closing cues around the final battle scene are, as expected, big and bombastic, and add a fitting end to all the fun.  One other piece that should not be missed is 'Coming Back Around', which, while a restatement of 'Test Drive', is twice as big and exhilirating.    As one might expect for the subject matter, there are many Celtic and folk sounding themes and tunes throughout.  The instrumentation runs the gamut from small ensembles to oversized orchestra, with everything from traditional strings to bagpipes to even some synth effects.  There is a smorgasboard of musical idioms from simple pastoral fiddle solos to jigs and hornpipes to lush, soaring romantic fantasy to full orchestral artillery to finally what could be a marchout of the massed bands at the Edinburgh Tattoo (...who knows - they may play this some day!).  Although there are a few less memorable pieces, they serve well to segue between the larger efforts.  I did find the additional piece by Jonsi to be a bit of a misfit, and would have preferred a complete statement of the end credits, but there is more than enough here to more than compensate for a few slight detractions.  Put this one in your cart now for your next trip to the grocery store.  Or the beach.  Or the ballgame.  Or family get-together...or even your next flight ;o)
B000A6T262|5.0|this is a good dvd set for those that like star trek,it combines all the movies in a neat set.great for star trek fans.
B0041OJ0Y8|5.0|First of all, if you haven't yet seen their YouTube videos, go watch \\"Evil Boy\\" and \\"Zef Side\\" before you even bother buying the audio tracks. A huge part of fully appreciating Die Antwoord is the visual experience and the personalities of Ninja and Yo-landi. If you really want to see their personalities, check out their live performances in record stores and the back of a taxi. They may be even better live than they are in studio.     I know a lot of people who have said that they \\"don't know what to make of them.\\" What's not to know? Their music is ridiculously good. Their fashion is awesome. Ninja is even more hilarious than Ali G (who I think he resembles far more than the more common comparison I keep hearing to Eminem; I don't see that). And Yo-landi is the hottest and most bad ass girl ever. Every time I watch another one of their videos I find more reasons to love them. Hilarious, subversive, obscene, sexy, and the catchiest songs I've heard in forever.    Also, the track listing for this album is short a couple of their sweetest tracks and I know that there are several re-releases of this album with varying track listings. If you're a big fan who doesn't want to miss out on a single one of their brilliant songs, it's probably best to go the route I went and buy on iTunes. On iTunes you can buy 16 full audio tracks, several of which are not included on some of these CD releases. Plus, I only spent $13 on iTunes for 17 tracks (including one \\"skit\\") and the digital booklet.
030746363X|5.0|I just keep reading and re-reading the chapters that I'm most interested in and even though it seems simple on the surface  I find that I'm picking up on new points all the time.  Plus it is very motivating way for me to stick with the diet.  I've had a couple of really stressful days and I've been surprised at how easy it has been to stick to the diet.  IT's all very different from what I am use to which just makes it that much more fun.
B004856SQ8|5.0|If you loved the TV series, then you will love this movie.  Like others have mentioned, this is a great action movie.  They did a great job of capturing the essence of the original TV series.  The actors who played Murdoch, Face, and Hannibal were all great! Murdoch acting crazy, Face scheming, and Hannibal planning (for the most part).  However, I was not really sold on B.A.. B.A. seemed more like a chump in the movie than a bad ass though he does have his moments.  Despite what I thought of B.A. in this movie, the group as a whole did the A-Team justice.    The movie looks great on blu-ray.  Both the theatrical and extended versions were included on the blu-ray disc.  This blu-ray is really worth the price of admission in all its HD glory.  Do yourself a favor if you haven't already and get it now!  Definitely one of the best action movies of 2010.      I hope they all come back for a sequel.
B0034JKZ3G|4.0|The Princess and the Frog is needlessly scary and a little to violent for a G movie (in my opinion). Great music though.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|Reviewer Lightningstripe    this is the best book ever the book should have percy in it but i guess not still there is a lot of new and old characters in it but still i really loved reading the book because i stayed up all night reading it but it still shows the same SUSPENCE as other books like the warrior series but its still an extremly amazing and awesome and greatest Riordan book ever
0307593525|5.0|First, I am not a cook.  I am intimidated by big fancy cookbooks and fancy kitchen implements.  I don't own a cuisinart (sp?).<br />But after watching the movie Julie and Julia, I was inspired.  So I bought this two volume set of cookbooks.  And I am now a cook!  I am enjoying cooking.  The recipes are not hard, they are easy to follow, if slightly time consuming.  There are lots of helpful pages on kitchen gadgets and implements, food ingredients, and how-tos.  My first recipe was boeuf bourguignon, of course, and it was delicious!<br />If you are motivated to be a better cook or just want to try Julia's recipes, you will enjoy this set.  And for the fat watchers, just substitute if you don't want cream or butter.
B00000K31Q|1.0|The DVD was used, but the last 5 minutes of the show was scratched and not viewable. Be ware that used means doesn't work!
B0042LJTQO|5.0|There are pianists fortunate enough to have had the opportunity to record the same works multiple times over the course of their careers, and while the evidence often shows that the process of refining interpretations over long periods of time can produce immensely satisfying results, at other times the revisiting of old territory is a mixed blessing. In some cases the \\"mature\\" performances have aged like fine wine, with all kinds of flavors and nuances that were merely hinted at early on; but it's also often true that over the course of time some of the artist's original inspiration or freshness may be lost. Alfred Brendel, who was blessed with a long career, recorded extensively, and is now retired, is interesting in this respect. He recorded all 32 Beethoven sonatas no less than three times and while some believe that his 1960's effort on Vox represents his finest work, others swear by his final set on Philips made in the 1990's. He had a lot of time to rethink things in between, and according to some, to overthink some of those things.    In the case of Schubert, who Brendel has a special affinity for, there are some early recordings made for Vanguard and then there are the late sonatas and impromptus recorded for Philips in the 1970's ([[ASIN:B00000417C Schubert: The Last Three Piano Sonatas D. 958-959-960]] and [[ASIN:B0000041MS Schubert: The Complete Impromptus]]), and then the digital series undertaken for Philips between 1987-88 which make up this newly reissued box set. As it happens, these recordings aren't the last word on Schubert from Brendel, given that Philips has issued various live recordings from the pianist under it's \\"Artist's Choice\\" program. Indeed, there are mixed messages from the pianist about which of his recordings he preferred. In an introductory note accompanying a Schubert anthology of four sonatas recorded in recitals from 1997-1999 ([[ASIN:B0000544G7 Schubert: Piano Sonatas, D575, 894, 959 & 960]]), Brendel calls the performances \\"correctives, alternatives or supplements to my previous studio recordings.\\" While one of these sonatas (D. 575) makes its first appearance in Brendel's discography, we're left to ask which of the others the pianist feels are \\"correctives\\" vs \\"alternatives.\\" Since Brendel was known to be a perfectionist, it should come as no surprise that the differences between the studio and live readings are matters of subtlety, not substance. The recital readings have a tension that comes with live performance; the studio readings are sharply etched in a way that is also appealing. I like them both.    Brendel has a well-deserved reputation as a distinguished Schubert player. His awareness of the difficulties in Schubert's writing translates into sensitively nuanced interpretations that are grounded in the composer's weltanschauung. While Brendel communicates the proximity of death in the composer's late works, this isn't the thematic focus of his Schubert. Instead, there is detailed structure and forward momentum against a backdrop that reflects a genuine understanding of Schubert's musical world. Brendel's approach to Schubert has much in common with Kempff's - both are focused on architecture, tend toward extroversion and play in a relatively straightforward, non-rhetorical way. Kempff is more congenial than Brendel, reflecting a generally sunny disposition that was a trademark of his playing. Both project a Viennese flavor without overdoing it, and while Brendel is more tuned into the sublime element in Schubert, capturing this is not an easy thing to do. Because of the structure of the scores, which are more like extended fantasies than sonatas, the pianist is challenged to strike a delicate balance between extroversion and introversion, to find and display subtleties that can easily be passed over, and to do this without getting bogged down in excessive point-making. Brendel is successful in this respect and while there may be individual recordings that I love from Richter and Zacharias, to name two of my favorite Schubert pianists in addition to Kempff, overall Brendel's tight, stylish readings are among the best I've heard.    I've complained in other reviews about the recorded sound in Brendel's Schubert series, which tends to be rather on the hard side, and wonder whether this can attributed to the instrument - perhaps a Bosendorfer. But this is not enough of an issue to deter prospective purchasers from acquiring this outstanding set, especially given the bargain price Decca has assigned to it.    Five stars.
B003EYVXSW|3.0|SPLICE is of course a Frankenstein for the 21st century and once again warns DON'T MESS WITH MOTHER NATURE!  Adrien Brody and Sarah Polley are excellent in their leading roles, with Oscar-winner Brody showing his versatility.  Delphine Ceneac (sp) is remarkable as the ceature known as Dren, a truly unique \\"monster\\".  An interesting albeit predictable script and inspired direction make SPLICE an enjoyable sci-fi movie.  The controversial and predictable ending keep it from 5 stars, but it is a well made film.
1439152780|5.0|Loved everything about this book..... didn't think it was too long at all!  It hooked me from the start and made me feel like I was a part of it. I loved the quality of the writing.  Truly memorable and among my favorite books.
1439177783|5.0|I asked for this book for Christmas after seeing Portia on Ellen. It is an easy read and an insightful look into life with an eating disorder. I would highly recommend it, especially if you have ever struggled with weight issues.
044654759X|5.0|Erin, Katie, what a life!  This story is so true for so many people and captures the details of everyones past when you really think about it.  Everyones past always comes back!
B002UZCJUC|5.0|This was a gift for my son and he enjoyed it. The video arrived within the window stated by the shipper and in perfect condition.  I would buy from this person again.
B002ZG97EC|1.0|Maybe I do not have a good sense of humor but this movie was such a waste of time - the actual plot is just absolutely stupid as well as most of the jokes used in the movie
0060765380|5.0|The more I read James Rollins, the more I enjoy his work.  The Judas Strain is a powerful thriller.   The members of the Sigma Force continue to grow both as people and as a crackerjack team of \\"killer scientists.\\"  It's a pleasure to follow them in their adventures.    This book seems a little darker than his earlier novels.  The opening scene isespecially horrific, and there are some action sequences later ion that feel more violent than in prior Sigma Force installments such as Map of Bones and Sandstorm.  Some of the fun seems to be leaking out of these veteran super heroes.  Maybe this is the natural course of things.  Nevertheless, I greatly enjoyed this novel and immediately began the next.    Top recommendation.
0760335540|5.0|Manuals are not hard to find, this book is much more than a manual, it's a real step by step process needed to complete some of the most common project for the Boxster owner.  Written in easy to understand language, Easily pays for itself in 1 project.
006123141X|5.0|The Doomsday Key delivers another whalloping punch from this topnotch author.  The greatest improvement in this series is the depth of character.  More and more, I find myself invested in Rollins' assembly of heroes.  One ongoing subplot between two characters is especially absorbing: former enemies who are now verging on a dangerous romance.<br /><br />That said, this series is less about its people than its ideas.  Rollins never skimps on startling ideas, revisionist history or cutting edge science.  The Doomsday Key is entertaining and provocative at the same time.<br /><br />Utmost recommendation.
1592332803|5.0|If you are a Vegan Mom the Key to having committed Kids is that the food must be as good for their mouths as their tummies!My daughter feels no loss from processed foods as these treats are better than her friends packaged junk food! The Ding dong is no threat for Fudge or a Lemon bar! Great instructions and Trouble Shooting
B003BW0CB6|4.0|Another good story from Michael Connelly, the best crime/legal author currently writing.  In this one, Michael Haller, the Lincoln Lawyer, crosses the aisle to the prosecution side and teams with detective Harry Bosch and his ex-wife to try to assure that a convicted child murderer remains in the slammer.      As always, the story is well told with all the usual plot twists and surprises one expects from a Connelly book.  The defendant and the crime are appropriately creepy.  I never wanted to put this down.    My only complaint was that with two main characters, in a few places I got confused with whether Haller or Bosch was doing the talking.  This was not a major complaint though.    Some reviewers felt this book was not up to Connelly's standards.  I disagree.  While it is not his very best (that would still be The Lincoln Lawyer), it is a very good story told very well.
1569242739|5.0|When trying to get a family on a healthy Humane diet boat having foods that taste great to the tummy, soul, and body matter. Cupcakes are key to keeping kids on board with diet changes. These cupcakes taste just as good even better then there egg and milk cousins! There are even Gluten free recipes that work! Buy it it is worth the money
B0021L8V0M|3.0|This was one of those movies that once you'd seen the previews, you'd seen everything important in the movie. One of my kids even got up and left for part of it and when he came back hadn't missed a thing. I think there was too much gore and not enough depth into the characters or the story. Not impressed...
030746363X|4.0|Lots of helpful tips on health and a few sports. More like a reference book than a book on one specific thing. Very cool suggestions though. If you're into cutting edge health options you will like this book.
0316017922|5.0|I love the way Malcolm writes... I thoroughly enjoyed this book along with all the information he threw at the reader. It explained success in ways I haven't seen much of before and it was fun and refreshing. The general premise is that success is determined by opportunity and time invested. It makes sense. I was especially enlightened by the 10,000 hour rule and it gave me new motivation to continue working at my own goals.
B0017R5UAA|5.0|It's been a while since I regularly paid attention to music but this is one of my favorites ever, and definitely makes the top of my 2010.    Still the only thing I've listened to so far in 2011.
1594202842|5.0|The internet traffic on this book will inevitably focus on the subject matter and the author's controversial claim that the \\"Chinese\\" style of parenting is superior to the \\"Western\\" style.  Unfortunately lost amidst this traffic will likely be any discussion of the book's literary merits.  This is a shame because Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother is one of the most gripping and stunningly crafted books I have read in years.  The author's voice is like none you have ever encountered:  at once wince-inducing yet winning, horrifying yet hilarious, alienating yet affecting, unbelievable yet undeniable.  Treat it like a fictional memoir - like Nabokov's Lolita or Kesey's One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest - and you'll be able to see past all the uproar into a truly remarkable piece of writing.  You may still hate the book -- or the author! -- at the end of your read, but you won't be able to deny the sheer magnetism of her voice.
B0035G9ABQ|4.0|This album will grow on you with each listen. In my opinion, it displays more talent and diversity then the other Gorillaz albums. A lighter, brighter, and musical album. Give it a listen.
B003XF1XOQ|3.0|This was an ok ending to the series. it starts off in the underground city of district 13. the first major thing that happens is they go to rescue peeta, which katniss does not like because she is not allowed to go, when they get him, he has essencially been brain washed. it takes a while to get back to normal, but until that happened he hated katniss. afterwards katniss goes on a tv campaign for the rabels, which includes going into the field and visiting hospitals. where she gains a new hatred of the capital, after they bomb  a hospital. At the end of the book . Katniss, and the others are creating another campaign video of them clearing a street, when it goes terrible bad, and a booby trap kills several of them leaving Katniss in charged and she decides to go after president snow. after running into several problems, they manage to get to his mansion.    when they get to the Mansion, the Rebels reach it too and a battle breaks out. hover craft come and drop bombs off at snow's wall of people. Prim gets killed and Katniss gets burned badly. after the capital is taken Katniss ends up not talking out of shock. she talks with snow and she begins to believe that it was not snow who sent the bombs  but, the president of district 13 in a clever plan to take control of the country. during the execution of snow, Katniss kills 13's president instead. she is sent back to 12 with peeta, who help rebuild 12 and end up having children.
B004GNYGTI|3.0|I liked the action in the movie Salt but then I lost interest after I saw that the president in this movie was white. It made me feel like they did not respect the fact that our new president<br />is Obama. In the past I would have understood it but in this year and time for a film to come out and their actor is to play the president and the actor is white is prejudice.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I love all 6 six of the Star Wars films no matter what anyone else says. All I ever hear is people complaining about every little aspect of these movies. \\"Lucas should include the original versions to make me happy no matter how much it costs, he has enough money\\" I'm sure he could have retired many many years ago but, it's not like Star Wars is some weird charity service. I would like to be paid if I have put 40 years of work into something. I have no doubt these blu rays will be spectacular and at $90, that's a pretty good price for 6 awesome movies with 3 bonus discs. If you don't like them, don't buy them. I have already pre ordered mine and am counting down the days untill September !!!!!!!!!!!!
B003ZK58WM|5.0|A masterful interplay of history and characterization. Follett's attention to detail serves as a wonderful backdrop to relationships that span countries and class.
0793542049|5.0|I am a self taught Bass player. A friend of mine recommended Ed Friedland as a teacher, so I thought I would investigate one of his many books. This is a concise book that beginners and intermediate players will use and enjoy. It is clearly written with easy to use examples that get the point of the lesson across. The CD is really excellent as it demonstrates the lessons and you can play along as well.
006018275X|3.0|The book is interesting however you relay must like description to last through this. The author Patrick Robinson spends a lot more time on detail than he does story. He loves lots of dialog and still has time to describe expressions.<br /><br />The primes and the technology are not new but it is accurate. And the scenario is not surprise ether as this has been accounted for in numerous History Channel programs. Basically a diesel submarine lays in wait for the aircraft carrier to pass and nukes it. The mystery is who and why. The speculation is mostly based on real facts and history.
B001VKSPMI|3.0|This is a DVD of the 2009 New Year's Concert from the Teatro La Fenice.  The DVD is very simply done.  The format is standard television, the sound is PCM stereo.  There are no subtitles.  There are no extras.  The price is a bit high for this unadorned performance.  However the color is solid, the camera work good, the sound acceptable and the DVD delivers a reasonable 90 minutes of light classic entertainment; a mix of orchestra and aria. The performances are solid.
1594202842|4.0|After reading a pre-release copy I think most of the reviewers have only read excerpts.    The beauty and power of both Amy Chua and her book is her ability to transform for the love of Lulu. Yes, she is definitely more controlling than the average mother, but it is her ability to change that makes her a great mother. This ability can be applied and appreciated by Americans and Chinese alike. It is one of the greatest things about being human. Parenting changes us.    This book takes the theoretical reasoning from Outliers[[ASIN:0316017922 Outliers: The Story of Success]]and explains in candid detail how this mother put it into practice.    Challenge yourself. Challenge your children. Read the entire book. I look forward to the sequel.
0143118420|1.0|\\"Bipolar disorder is a mental condition that is characterized by periods of manic episodes and depression. A person suffering from bipolar disorder can exhibit any of a number of mood swings and periods of depression. It is not uncommon for her to be caught in any number of lies as well.\\"    Liz starts off the book having achieved so much and yet she is sobbing like a child. She ends the book with one of her manic episodes.    As for how honest this book is, even Liz admitted that her ex thought she was a liar: \\"He [her ex] let me [Liz] know that I [Liz] was a liar and a traitor and that...\\" Shouldn't he know her best?    Read this book if you want to understand how a bipolar person thinks. Don't read this book if you are looking for an enjoyable read or an honest story.
B000S0GYRU|5.0|I just want to keep this short...<br /><br />Suspiria (1977) is an Italian horror film that is bizarre, shocking, haunting, bloody, and colorful all at the same time.  Basically it's about a girl, Suzy Banyon (Jessica Harper), who goes to a very prestigious European dance academy only to experience a bunch of bizarre happenings, such as witchcraft and sickening crimes unfolding.  Can she escape the evil of this dance adademy?<br /><br />The sets are very colorful.  They sort of remind me of the colorful sets that were used for the 1960s Batman TV series, especially late in the movie.  This is a '70s movie that has that certain psychedelic quality to it.  The musical score is a huge strong point of this movie.  It was composed by the Italian progressive rock band Goblin and is highly effective and really enhances the movie's bizarre atmosphere.  This movie has just about everything you'd want in a horror movie - blood, gore,  atmosphere, darkness, thunderstorms, the supernatural, excellent use of lighting, and a lot of bizarre and twisted stuff.<br /><br />This is a 2-DVD set with many extras, some of which are theatrical trailers, TV spot, radio spots, a music video, a still gallery, talent bios, and interviews with cast and crew.  The DVD transfer is outstanding.  The movie looks and sounds great.<br /><br />This movie has always ranked high on \\"greatest horror movies\\" or \\"scariest horror movies\\" lists for a long time.  The movie starts out with a bang, then slows down a bit, then finishes strong.  This is a movie where the scariness slowly builds as the movie progresses.  This movie is scarier than some movies that claim to be very scary.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie.
B0021L8V0M|4.0|I was reading the other reviews and was frustrated to see reviews slamming this saying their Bluray player wouldn't play it. I made a few comments on their reviews to post under the bluray edition and not the reg. DVD but guess what, Amazon is mixing the reviews from each edition. Yes, when you read a review on it's own, it will tell you on the right side which edition it is. Now, these reviews from other editions are reflected on this edition? Not cool.<br />On to the review of the Spec. Edition I saw.<br />I will admit that when I saw the trailers I said, \\"Why is she so thin?\\" and \\"I'm not sure if I'll see this.\\"<br />Common complaints are that, \\"How is a 100lb anorexic woman taking on multiple armed guards and doing all these amazing things?\\" and I have to agree. THAT part was just too much for me. Being a past martial arts student, my sensei would teach different students how to protect themselves by the basics but then would take some students that were smaller or very large and teach them alt. ways to survive/fight based off their particular differences or limitations. There is no way she would be landing these blows and doing any real damage. So...fight choreography gets a big thumbs down.<br />The misleading trailer made it appear that in the beginning Salt is told she is a secret spy and goes on the run immediately and it made it look like she was innocent and was running to clear her name. The edition I saw (Extended edition) was a very different story line. I won't post spoilers but you know very early if she is a spy or not. Why she would run if innocent? Maybe because she knew that the accusation would get her killed? Maybe she really is a spy?<br />Other complaints that she could move about undetected by changing her contacts and teeth? Hmm maybe, possible but improbable.<br />I will recommend it for the action movie enthusiest and say that if that is what you want, that is what you will get. Not a bad plot, not bad acting but some stuff is simply unbelievable dropping my rating to 3-4 stars.ating to 3-4 stars.
0765322889|3.0|Reading a review of this book called it \\"sprawling\\". Sprawling is too specific. This book wanders though not always aimlessly. Erikson is a very good writer but not the best story teller and in a genre that rewards both he is really only halfway there. The issue with most fantasy novels is trying to set down whatever respective lore the story takes place in. I have seen many different approaches ranging from over explaining to just leaving it out all together. Erikson errs on the side of the latter of the two. I constantly found myself trying to figure out what if anything I had missed when he casually drops a new piece of lore with no explanation. He does usually explain the relevance somewhere much later which is no good to the reader at that time. I imagine with more patience and the willingness to re-read this again it would be a fine book. Until he starts putting in a compendium Gardens will be the last book I read in this series.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|I don't normally give 5 star reviews but this movie has made me laugh, giggle, smirk, smile, many, many times.<br />We basically have a story about a guy who is the self proclaimed evil genius of this century. But..He's like a Harvey Pekar (American Splendor) with a freeze ray (There's a visual for you). He says and does things that we think about doing every day but can't do them in real life and even though he lies, steals, cheats, shoots people with rayguns, etc, there is no real harm done here to anyone and it's really done in a cute way.<br />Later in the story, he ends up adopting 3 girls in order to use them to get revenge on a nemesis and ends up liking them as much as they like him. Although this part of the plot is seen coming from a mile away, the girls liking him no matter how evil he seems to be is a really cute twist. Each girl has their own style/character and they still are entertaining in their own ways.<br />Complaints of fart jokes and a fartgun, photocopying a minion's butt, Vector doing pelvic thrusts (dancing) are very sad complaints. This is not a G movie. Know the rating system and read reviews if you are offended by such small issues. There are far greater evils in the world.<br />Voice acting: Well done and finally more movies where a famous actor does voices that aren't their own!! Too many animations these days get high paid actors that do the lines in their own voices and that takes the fun out of it for me. Give me Mark Hamill, Steve Carrell, Mike Myers, Hank Azaria etc cuz they can do it right.<br />I highly recommend it. I wish I had purchased a different edition with more special features but I'm rating THIS edition and for what you pay, it's excellent.<br />I've read reviews on this edition where people are complaining about bluray and digital copies. Come on! Go rate those copies. Do not pay attention to those reviews. This is the most basic, single copy, no digital copy, no bluray edition.<br />There is the movie and a few limited special features.
0307165485|5.0|I sent this book to my grandson for Christmas. My daughter was very happy to see it as she had one when she was little. It is a book to read to and share a nice few moments with your child or grandchild. Richard Scarry was always a favorite with my kids. His stories are funny and engaging for many ages. A great book.
B003F3NE1Q|5.0|I only ordered the Grey's 5th season a few days before Christmas and was thrilled when it arrived in time for me to give it as a gift. Can't beat Amazon's shipping time.
B002ZG99QS|5.0|I seen this movie twice. I thought that the beginning of the movie was kinda unnecessary like about the kid growing up and becoming such a bad ass stunt man was kinda over the top, but other than that it was pretty amazing. Saw it once in 3d and the other not. I perfer the 3d version. Ive been tronbound since i saw the 82' version like 2 years ago. always been into it. Then once all this gear and clothing and such started coming out, i got even more stoked. I cant wait to own this on DVD. I downloaded the original 82 like a few days ago cause DISNEY took it off shelves and made it impossibler to find. (No long shows on NETFLIX. Not that i ever had NETFLIX but just for those that do.)     Anyways about the movie. The movie is Just too bad ass. The BEST 3D movie ever. Daft Punk is on top! The story line is on top! Jeff B. is cool! The enemies are sick! The new style of Light Disc and cycles and also clothing is way better.     Own the game! Own the controller! Ride the GRID!
B000Y35A94|4.0|Overall I really enjoyed this video. The image quality, lighting, camera shots and sound quality were outstanding !! While I was a little skeptical that a band of this age could pull it off, they did in grand style. Phil Collins' voice, while not as strong as it was, was still as passionate and emotive as ever.  The excitement and enthusiasm of the crowd was astonishing and could be felt as I watched the movie.     Only two criticisms, one of the movie, one of the band.  As to the movie, I would have liked to have seen more special features rather than just the short behind-the-scenes vignettes. A selection of camera angles (i.e. just the drums or keyboards) would be a terrific addition as would some scenes of editing the DVD or setting up the elaborate stage and lighting display. As to the band, I would have liked a few more of the older songs and fewer of the newer one; that being said the In the Cage medley was unforgettable.     This DVD is one to get.  You will not tire of watching it.
1594202842|5.0|I am disappointed in the explosion of reviews over the past few days due to the WSJ article and subsequent discussion about Amy Chua's book. I doubt that many of you have actually read this book, which is a great story--not a parenting manual, but are outraged over how much different her parenting method is from that the western one with which you are accustomed. Amy Chua's book and parenting style is very interesting to me as someone who was raised in a very western household and told that I could be whatever I wanted to be. If you don't want to read this book and listen to another's opinion, fine, but please don't review it.
B0031ED20M|5.0|John what an excellent story teller. It made every small town come alive a been there done that style. Keep writing I can't wait untill the next release.!!!
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|GREAT!! Wonderful.  This generation should NEVER be forgotten and this video is an example of the heros who defended OUR freedom.
B001E5CH0G|5.0|Bought this movie for my wife for Christmas. Very funny movie to watch any time in the year. Shipped and received quickly and in good condition.
B00338QENI|5.0|I am a physician and remember readimg about the HeLa cells and their role in experimentation durimg my basic science and medical degree studies.  I was simply fascinated to read about their origin and the family of the woman from which they came.  Thank you Henrietta and Lacks family for making modern medical science what it is today!
B001HNE3NO|3.0|The story of Sarah is compelling and difficult to put down.  Her portion of the novel reveals an important and heavily neglected part of European history and the author did some justice in giving a voice so many who were made invisible.  I agree with her editor, Joshua, however that she missed half the story without accounts from the policemen, etc.    The story of Julia, which is intertwined in Sarah's, is predictable, boring, and stereotypical.  From coversations  to confrontations, Julia's character is predictable and fails to arouse any real sense of moral conflict, remorse, or interest.  She is like a needy, indecisive friend you eventually forget.      The book would have been much better if the last 100 pages had not been written.  Ending the story where Sarah's narrative ends would have left the novel more engaging and less like a scripted soap opera.
B001ER4CNY|4.0|I was 7 years old when I first remember watching IDOJ back in the early 70's. The bottle fascinated me,and I use to draw it on construction paper and cut it out. Anyway, I only stumbled across this beautiful box set after I had already purchased the 1st. three individual seasons..aaarrrhhh..I'm so mad. I will have to see if I can sell them because I want this box set. For those folk who wrote bad reviews about the cardboard \\"bottle\\", they can always buy real bottle replicas from the many people out there who make them. I have one, and a little Jeannie ornament that fits perfectly in the top appearing to look out as she did in the show!
B000JMLFLW|3.0|I love Pride & Prejudice. It's one of my all time favorite books. Therefore, and because it was free, it was the first book I downloaded for my Kindle. I have to say I found some typos in the edition. I'm not sure who's uploading these things but I don't like not being able to trust the content.
B000002H38|5.0|I feel in love, with this album as the background music. This is one of the best albums ever produced.
B000K7UBTI|4.0|The Invincible Iron Man animated movie... it's a re-telling of how billionaire Tony Stark came to be the future Marvel super hero,  taking place before the 2 Ultimate Avengers animated movies. Several animation styles were used to provide the atomosphere and a   very ideal voice actor cast. For what was seen and heard in the movie... there was a sense of something left unsaid (or done).  It actually works best that way.
B00133KFGW|5.0|Like a word in the tittle of the movie says rush....Wow I received this in \\"rush\\" time. 1 Day, it was great!
B000YMFCS4|5.0|great movie, great watching quality, and i loved that i could stream the movie to my television.  I enjoyed it better than my Netflix.  will def. be watching more movies thru here more often.  oh and this movie is super beautiful and so sad.  i cry every time i watch it. :)
B000W7JWUA|5.0|I bought this game for my brother for Christmas (he is in college). He absolutely loves playing it. I have five older cousins throughout their twenties and they played together over Christmas break several times for hours!!!
B00021HBGS|5.0|MY kids love this toy! I love that it has a mesh hanging bag so all the toys can dry and not get any mold on them!
1439110123|5.0|Reading \\"Prize\\" is like reading the history of the last 120+ years through the lens of the oil business. When I started reading this book, I knew very little about the oil business. Today, I am fascinated by the topic. I almost bought 19th century advertisement posters of the Standard Oil Company when I was in Bombay recently and was busy explaining the ownership structure of Q8 to my family while driving through Italy. The author does a great job developing all personalities involved and explaining the circumstances behind what they did at the time.
0817439390|5.0|I started taking photographs in the film era of the late 1960's and learned many of the lessons that Bryan Peterson presents the hard way, through poor exposures and missed opportunities. In Understanding Exposure, Bryan combines a well written and informative text with photographs that demonstrate each of the principles that he is explaining. I have read and continue to read many books written by the experts in the field of photography. I enjoyed Petersons text so much that I bought a second copy for my daughter who, after using my cameras for years, has just purchased her first DSLR camera.
0316098337|5.0|Captivating, exciting, addictive - Room is a book that will shape you for a few days after you've closed the cover. It took me a little bit of time to get into the flow of Jack's narrative but it was worth the wait. As a piece of fiction it is truly original. Loved it. READ IT!
B003YY7BTW|1.0|predictable and painful. Jennifer Lopez and whoever her co-star is have absolutely no chemistry. The plot is ridiculously stupid..The ending..the beginning...the middle...ugh. This movie is offensive to single women, pregnant women, single men, people in retirement homes, OBGYN's... and people in New York. 2 hours of my life I will never get back.
0760335540|5.0|Have not had an opportunity to implement any of the tasks in this book yet (it's COLD out there in that garage right now), but initial impressions are that it's pretty darned complete, very well written, and has excellent photos.  It seemed to run behind schedule a bit on publication---wrapping up last minute details I guess---but looks to be worth the wait.  I'm very pleased I picked one up.
B000TS99NW|5.0|First off, I can't believe anyone would give this movie a bad review, but then again that just proves how vastly different peoples tastes can be. With the likes of Miles Davis and Herbie Hancock in the soundtrack, it alone is a haunting and beautiful background that stays with you, coupling an urban feel with a jazz influence that so perfectly provides an auditory backdrop to the movie. The local actors they cast, for example Fly Williams III, steal the show and the Great Busta Rhymes makes a wonderful contribution as Jamal's brother, not to mention a surprise cameo by Matt Damon. Rob Brown provides an adept and sensitive performance as a newcomer. The movie is a beautiful study of the complexities and beauty of friendship on many levels and between many of the characters. The great scene when Jamal defends Coleridge in the classroom is unforgettable, and a compelling picture of a brilliant boy from the other side of the tracks with the heart of a prince.
1401322425|5.0|this is an amazing book. it not only gives you wonderful recipes, it also tells you a lot about how to grow your own vegetables. it is great fun to read and very easy to understand. i know what i will be doing this spring/summer: planting and growing my own vedge and eating them!
031603438X|1.0|Okay I love any music memoir, and was anxiously awaiting this one. Seriously I didn't think anything could be more boring and rambling than Patty Boyd's book, but I think this one takes the cake. I'm only 150 pages in and I'm trying to soldier through it, but it's really boring and poorly written. Come on Keith, how do you manage to make YOUR life story boring...
1416562605|3.0|The format of this novel through the narrator sending emails to Premier Jiabao of China I found gratuitously contrived and cloying in tone. The result was I found the novel extremely irritating to read. Furthermore, it read like an outsider looking in on modern India and although I did not know until I had finished the novel I was not surprised to find out that the author did not grow up in India. The rapid changes to India's society in recent years are the focus of this novel. The price list of different whisky's depicting the new pecking order of where in the new social hierarchy an Indian stood was not that relevatory as any observant tourist would notice this. The description where the young narrator watched as his mother's funeral pyre burnt was another example of where it read like a dispassionate outsider watching an Indian funeral for the first time. The corruption and bribery also seemed to be very poorly sketched and inserted for a reader's expectations rather than integral to a flowing narrative. There are numerous novels written about contemporary India and I recommend looking around for another rather than choosing this one.
0061537969|5.0|This book is amazing for two reasons:<br />1. Completely creative.<br />2. The author's research into different subject matter and the ability he had to write himself as a dog philosopher. One can almost believe this guy \\"lived\\" the role of a dog and philosopher (like many authors would in researching a character).
0307346617|2.0|I really enjoy survival, apocalyptic stuff and if it includes zombies...all the better.  This book was a snooze though, less than half of the interviews were exciting and if you did start on one you liked it was over in just a couple pages...then on to a completely different interview that was in all likelihood just boring.  I think this could have been better if it was only 4-5 larger interviews instead of a number of small 6-12 page interviews.  It was hard to finish to be quite honest and I love this genre and couldn't wait to read this book...just disappointing...that's all I can think of when I see this book on my shelf.
0385338082|5.0|I absolutely loved this book! I read it in less than one week and ordered 2 more after words! Delivery time was fair, given it was the holidays.
B003TJR2HS|5.0|Bought these to use with our otterbox cases for the iphone 4 and they work great both in my wifes altec, and my kicker ik501 dock. Sure beats having to remove the case to use your dock.
030746363X|2.0|I love Tim Ferriss.  He's quite an enigma.    But this book wasn't as good as I thought it'd be insofar as new info was concerned.  It's interesting to learn about how to give a woman a 15 minute orgasm, but as far as the nutrition and health stuff, you're better off saving your money and just read the boards at Crossfit or T-nation.  Do know that reading his exploits and his wry way of raconteuring is always entertaining.    Just wasn't diggin' the content that much.  Sorry, man.
B000002H6C|5.0|So maybe I'm not the biggest fan of Master of Puppets, but WOW, And Justice For All is even better. This is definitely one of Metallica's finest thrash albums that they have ever created. It's true that it's really hard to hear Newsted's bass guitar, but I can't really call it a flaw (not yet, anyway). Hetfield, Hammett, and Ulrich do what they do best as they hammer it up with songs like \\"Blackened,\\" \\"Eye of the Beholder,\\" and \\"The Frayed Ends of Sanity.\\" \\"...And Justice for All,\\" \\"The Shortest Straw,\\" and \\"Harvester of Sorrow\\" are menacingly enjoyable, while the almost-instrumental \\"To Live is to Die\\" is marvelous in its own way. Everyone knows the song \\"One,\\" so the only thing I'll say about it is that it's 100% awesome. \\"Dyer's Eve\\" is the final song on the album, and it's an excellent conclusion.<br /><br />Judging by this album alone, every single song here completely eclipses all of the other lightweight (and relatively inoffensive) rock songs that are being played right now on the radio. I have nothing against indie rock or punk rock or pop rock or whatever, but I just wish people of this generation can give thrash a chance in the near-future (or even better, NOW). As for me, I'll cherish And Justice For All for a very long time (maybe forever, hopefully).<br /><br />Grade: 9.7/10
1594202842|1.0|How to teach a 7-year-old to play piano by Amy Chua:  \\"I threatened her with no lunch, no dinner, no Christmas or Hanukkah presents, no birthday parties for two, three, four years. When she still kept playing it wrong, I told her she was purposely working herself into a frenzy because she was secretly afraid she couldn't do it. I told her to stop being lazy, cowardly, self-indulgent and pathetic.... I used every weapon and tactic I could think of. We worked right through dinner into the night, and I wouldn't let Lulu get up, not for water, not even to go to the bathroom.\\"    If a young child admitted to a teacher that her mother kept her awake all night at the piano without food and water, the mandatory legal response for that teacher would be to call the authorities.     This book is garbage.
030746363X|3.0|I just wanted to review the Dieting and Sex chapters of the book    Dieting - Excellent!  You could really throw out any books you have or advice you found on the internet, because Tim Ferriss has researched them all and filtered out the best of it (The Paleo Diet). The result: Eat as few carbs as you can, and avoid all white carbs.    Also, he researched and discovered the Occam protocol, a weight training workout is worth the price of the book alone. It should be the only way hopeful gainers should train.    Sexual technique - There are actually two techniques. 1) requires you to tell the woman to lay still for ten minutes while you stimulate her clitoris and 2) Actual penetration. Which, I would say is more geared towards men with small penises as he advises the man to always touch navel to navel and grinding, trying to make a fire. If you don't need it, then those chapters probably won't apply to you. But, he does try to imply to readers that he does have a big penis, \\"Uh, for fellas with a big penis try to angle yourself this way...\\" But if you had a bigger penis you wouldn't need to use the technique in first place.    Also, I appreciate himself for making the book fun, using words he researched on message boards and comments, like 'WTF!', 'Mang (Chicago slang)', etc. But that's not really how he talks in person, and it sort of put me off of using it in everyday message boards now.     Still, I would definitely recommend it for the dieting and workout specifics. I mean, they will change the way you approach exercise and strength training not just for this month, or even this year, but for life.
B000002KZA|3.0|Speak and Spell was a synth pop classic, but its pop sensibilities fit all too comfortably in a crowded new wave landscape.  With the departure of Vince Clarke, Depeche Mode delievered A Broken Frame, where songs like the Meaning  of Love and See You were cute, but not exactly prolific.  Then comes Construction Time Again, with the seminal \\"Everything Counts.\\"  But along with that track, the album debuted Alan Wilder and the promise of a moodier Depeche Mode.  The album had a tone to it, set forth in tracks like \\"Love in Itself,\\" \\"Everything Counts\\" and the underated album tracks \\"And Then\\" and \\"Pipeline.\\"  It's not as catchy as the albums that followed, but the classic Depeche Mode themes were starting to become apparent.    Depeche Mode was also getting a certain sound that went beyond pure synth pop.  I always loved the cover to the album, because some of the songs on the album sound like an axe or a hammer.  \\"Black Celebration\\" would contain some of those classic samples DM would become known for in the 80s, but this is where you first hear a hint of it, expecially on Pipeline.    Most of the stars go for \\"Everything Counts.\\"  It plays like a classic Queen track, immediately creating a fan favorite track that would be great at live concerts.  You can sing along to it, even though it has a rather cynical, ambiguously political lyric.  It was the predecessor to \\"People are People,\\" but this track is better.  It was one of the first DM tracks I heard and I still absolutely adore it.    \\"Construction Time Again\\" is not a perfect album, but it's definitely a good sampling of how Depeche Mode was growing.  The album is appropriately named, because they were still rebuilding themselves after Clarke's departure.  They are coming into their own here, with a more refined sound.  I don't think it came into full fruition until Some Great Reward, but there's enough evidence on this album of their talent that this is worth seeking out.
0671449028|5.0|Got this because I heard my sister singing Pajama Time to her son on their way to bed--and it stuck with me! I can now recite this one (as well as Pajama Time) to my son verbatim. I don't love all the Sandra Boynton books, but this is one of the good ones; it's fun and just the right length for an impatient baby or toddler.
0553382179|5.0|I bought Sink Reflections and discovered \\"heart\\" reflections.   This book is honest and down to earth in its approach.  It is so very easy to read.  I found myself nodding my head, as if I finally found a person who undertood my disorganized ways and could really help me overcome them.  I would highly recommend this book!!
B0012GN404|5.0|\\"Big Brother & the Holding Company,\\" is an early recording by Big Brother and the Holding Company, a psychedelic blues rock San Francisco-based band during the late 1960's. The record survives largely because of their great, great chick singer, Janis Joplin, of course, who joined them on a Chicago gig. Although Joplin fans will know that she did not, unfortunately, survive the 1970's, as she passed on October 4, 1970 (aged 27), in Los Angeles, California. But in her brief career, despite her troubled life, she left behind a stunning, gutsy repertory of work that has long since floated free of, and outlived, Big Brother. This record, however, was laid down about six months before she (and they) achieved lasting blazing stardom at the 1967 Monterrey Pop Festival.<br /><br />This record, although made rather early in her all-too short career, functions almost as a best-of: it's got a number of her hits on it, including \\"Bye Bye Baby,\\" \\"Easy Rider,\\"\\"Call on Me,\\"and a very bluesy \\"Down on Me,\\"all delivered thrillingly, and in her trademark growling/shouting style that owed a lot to the women blues shouters before her. Weren't very many female blues shouters in Janis's day, although, actually, one of the best of them was the Chicago-based Koko Taylor ([[ASIN:B002QXIMGI What It Takes: The Chess Years (Expanded Edition)]]). (Somehow or another, I have to tell you, I saw Taylor perform twice, each time seemingly wearing a house dress and $10 wig, but she tore the roof off the venue, even Brooklyn's Prospect Park  -- without a roof!)<br /><br />I also actually somehow managed to see Janis live, with \\"Big Brother,\\" performing this repertory, at a famous venue of the time, Bill Graham's Fillmore East, on New York's Lower East Side, when it really was pretty scrappy. All these years later, I still remember the expectant hush when the house lights went down, the sweet aroma of various illegal substances, and Joplin's electrifying performance. It was quite a night, I can tell you. But don't wish you could have been there yourself that would make you as old as me....you could have been there yourself that would make you as old as me....
1599218011|5.0|I have read many health/diet books and this one takes the rice cake!! I laughed, I cried, I got scared, but overall I enjoyed learning all the wonderful things in it. Learning health issues like this can be confusing and intimidating, but Kris has made learning it fun and comprehendible!  Thank you Kris for putting all this wonderful information into one fabulous book!  I also have to say, the recipes in it are AMAZING!  I was one to be afraid to eat a plant based diet because I couldn't handle veggies all day every day, but the way these recipes are, it doesn't taste like that. They are sooooo Yummy!
B000B7BRMM|5.0|Most of the time I don't even like Christmas music, but really enjoyed this CD.<br /><br />Good buy!
0064430170|5.0|My 4 year old grandson loves this book. Its easy for grandma to read to him and the pictures are fantastic. He loves it so much he has memorized the words and reads along with the pictures himself.
1878424319|5.0|If people would at least keep the four agreements in the back of their mind, then I don't think tragedies like Arizona would be happening, nor would politicians or want-a-be politicians be placing cross-hairs on folks.  Book makes you think before you say something mean to anyone and also lets you shed their harsh or glorifiying comments for the slough that they are.  Toltec's were head and shoulders above our society.
0316017922|3.0|When I picked up this book subtitled \\"The Story of Success\\", I expected it to be another book on how to be successful.  I was wrong.<br /><br />In Outliers, Malcolm Gladwell discusses why occasionally someone comes along who is way more successful than the rest of us.  But most of it boils down to being in the right place at the right time.  People become successful, in his opinion, because they are given an extraordinary opportunity that the average person isn't given, they have the right cultural background, and they practice a lot.  We can't really change when and where we are born and how our parents raise us, which is what determines most success according to him.  So pretty much the only bit of info that is useful in this book if you are trying to be more successful is to practice more than everyone else in your field.<br /><br />If you aren't looking for a book to help you be more successful but are instead interested in the things that work together to create a professional hockey star or Bill Gates, it is an interesting book.<br /><br />I'll give it three stars because I did find it somewhat interesting, if not very helpful.  I'm just glad that I checked it out of the library instead of buying it like I started to do on several different occasions.
B002ODEJYE|5.0|P!NK puts on an amazing performance during this dvd, she sings amazingly, is full of energy, interacts with the crowd, has amazing sound, look, effects, THE WHOLE DEAL! The concert itself is a roller coaster of emotions, in a good way, from sad or touching ballads to highly energized hits. Whichever part of the show, its sure to entertain you! Her personality is great and uplifting throughout the show, which adds to the dvd. From acrobatics to over the top costumes to intimate ballads with the audience, this is a must see for any P!NK fan or concert lover! The Blu-Ray also has SUPERB quality with the picture and sound, as well as how it was taped, they didn't miss a beat!   A+   After seeing this DVD i wish i went to the show when it came around!
B000002USP|4.0|This album, released in 1993, is solid all the way through.  Standout songs are the Village People-cover \\"Go West\\", \\"Yesterday When I Was Mad\\" & \\"One In One Make Five\\".  This particular album is very unique too because of the CD case it came in (Lego-like).  This Pet Shop Boys album is on a published list of 1001 Albums Every Person Needs to Hear Before They Die, I would agree with that statement.
B0049D1TCM|4.0|Nice CD<br />Plesantly surprised...I like NM but I didnt think I would like her enough to buy her CD. My daughter told me I would like it and she was right!!
B00338QENI|5.0|An excellent book.  I first came across the story of Henrietta Lacks in a science journal about 20 years ago and had never forgotten her name and the brief information that was in that article.  I am thrilled to finally get the whole story of her life and family and how her cells came to be at the forefront of scientific research.  My hats off to Ms. Rebecca Skloot for a great story well told.  I do have to admitt that I spent at least one sleepless night after reading the troubling account of one of the Lacks childrens treatment in a home for the mentally disadvantaged.  This book will cause anyone who reads it to stop and think about modern research and the advancement of science and medicine, and about the moral questions that some research raises concerning  the treatment and disclosure of information to patients and families.
B001676320|4.0|Very happy with the performances, video, and sound. Good mix, on sound, which is very important to me. Not too compresed, decent dynamic range,and relatively good stereo spread plus dts. Great performances like they actually tried.!
B003BKF696|5.0|One of - if not THE - best album of 2010.   Haunting, delicate, catchy, and probably their best album to date - though that's a tougher call as the National are instinctively brilliant!
B00104QSOM|4.0|I'm a *little* disappointed with There Will Be Blood. I was led to believe it was a dark horror film, but it's anything but. The pace is identical to a slow-moving western, and the storyline isn't what I expected either. The ending is absolutely terrible too.     I DO like moments of the storyline because it focuses on one mans greed and the consequences and inner torment he constantly feels as a result of thinking only about himself and the money he makes concerning oil. This is good stuff. The storyline surrounding his son is pretty good too.     A good portion of the beginning is oddly quiet with eerie violin strings playing for several minutes, making it appear like a good horror film is about to kick in... but no, it's not anything like a horror film.  In fact for a while I was wondering if anybody would actually SPEAK!    Actually the violins are REALLY good throughout the movie, always giving you the feeling something ominous is about to take place such as a brutal killing scene or one of the characters completely snapping suddenly... no, doesn't ever happen.     And where's the BLOOD? There really isn't any.     It's basically a twisted drama when it comes down to it. One thing about the storyline that bugged me is the way the time period would suddenly jump forward several years with only a short time for the viewers to prepare for it. It felt a bit rushed as a result.     Overall, the movie kept my attention of course, otherwise I wouldn't have bothered giving it 4 out of 5 stars. It's fairly enticing, though moments of the storyline seem a bit flawed and uninteresting for it to have received so much attention from movie lovers at one point.
B000HBKCDC|5.0|I have never heard such great versions of Christmas songs.  This album is vastly different from any other Christmas album you've ever heard.  The tone of the album is very melancholy and mellow.  Very unique interpretations of traditional Christmas songs with a couple non-traditional ones.    I'd say the best song is \\"Wintersong\\" with \\"River\\" coming in a close 2nd.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|My experience with Amazon.com has been a good one.  Purchasing the final season of Lost was bittersweet, hate to see lost end, but it has been a great show.  It is a must to watch the entire 1-6 seasons in order or you will be lost for sure.  This is a show that keeps you thinking and interpertion is the key.  Recommended
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|I ordered this from Amazon for my stepdad for Christmas and it came in a timely fashion and was securely packaged.  He has been watching it religiously.  I was extremely pleased with everything.
B0045HCJ6M|5.0|I love this movie.  The scenery, costumes, music, acting- all wonderful. I don't know how true it is to fact but it is a fairy tale after all.
B001U6YI92|4.0|So I bought this for my dad as a christmas present and ofcourse he loved it! Ha he loved it even more because its a Blu-Ray Disc.  My Uncle is staying with us for a while so when my dad put the movie on my Uncle wachted also.  The BEST part about this is that my dad was able to put the movie in Spanish and it wasnt annoying! lol The movie actually sounded like it was filmed in Spanish which was perfect for my Uncle.! Thumbs up!
B0000027G6|5.0|This movie has always been one of my husband and I's favorites. The soundtrack is so beautiful we had to give it to my in-laws for Christmas. They too loved the soundtrack :)
B0018CWWLE|5.0|Genesis is NOT past their prime. The 2007 tour is probably their most spectacular one to date. Filled with nostalgia alongside more recognizable hits, this tour has flow from beginning to end. The shots of the audience singing along with such passion just adds to the feel. The visuals are astounding. Phil's voice is a strong as ever, and yes, the band can still play the fast songs.    But the real treat isn't the concert itself, believe it or not. This DVD contains excellent behind-the-scene footage for the songs performed, from rehearsals to friendly banter to figuring out how to link the melodies together. Also included is a wonderful two-hour movie that makes the fan feel as though they were with the band throughout the planning stages and rehearsal of this tour. The best surprise, for me, is seeing \\"stage-face\\" Tony Banks laugh. A lot. A whole lot. These guys had a blast together, and it's wonderful to see. Whoever came up with the idea of putting so many extras on this DVD, I wholeheartedly thank you!     DEFINITELY add this DVD to your collection. I can't say how many times I've watched this since purchasing it.
B00192IV9U|4.0|The world was obsessed with Michael Jackson.  For some it meant buying his records, going to his concerts, dressing like him and collecting everything with his face on it.  Michael Jackson continues to be the object of displaced rage for some, like the child that breaks his toys, some people just wanted to destroy him because he was such a gifted and talented human being.  Having said that, don't listen to those who only want to break Michael Jackson even in death they still want to surround his name with negativity.    Let's get one thing straight THERE WILL NEVER BE ANOTHER ALBUM THAT IS AS GREAT AS THRILLER!!  So let's stop comparing every thing that Michael Jackson does to his greatest work.  This is an awesome album and it accomplishes what Michael Jackson is known for doing with his music, it makes you feel something on every song.  Every song is good in my opinion and I can listen to the entire album without skipping a track. My favorite is Monster, it's just got this energy that continues to build and 50 Cent spits fire on the track!!  Yes, you can tell that certain songs have been \\"engineered\\" but it's good engineering.  I love the album and I have it in full rotation right now.  Don't listen to the naysayers enjoy the gift that is MJ's music and let's finally let him rest in peace.
0307719774|4.0|It's a cute little journal with 5 entry spaces per page, one date per page, and one question per page. Questions are like \\"are people innately good?\\" A great idea, but the questions is who will really keep up with it for 5 years.
B002ZG97EC|5.0|I like watching all these newer kids movies (even though I am a 30 year old male) and this is no exception.
0307120007|5.0|I was truly amazed at how quickly my 11 month old twins picked up on all of the activities involved in this book.  They were patting the bunny, smelling the flowers and feeling daddy's scratchy face in no time!!  They would light up with delight every time they performed something correctly and this made mommy very happy!  I recomend this book to everyone!  Unfortunately they've played with it so much the cover has been torn off!  I'll be getting another copy!
B003NFM3JU|4.0|This wasn't what I'd expect but it was still a fun movie. The 3D was bad for me but I think it is because of my eyes.
0811870413|5.0|I was at the William Sonoma Outlet here in Memphis a couple of weeks ago and I saw this book sitting there. Being an ardent fan of Peter Reinhart's The Bread Baker's Apprentice, I started to casually thumb through Chapter 1. And then I found myself glued to the photos of the different stages. I looked through the middle of the book - more bread recipes.    I honestly purchased the book JUST for Chapter 1 because of the excellent photos. There are LOTs of photos. While I adore Peter Reinhart's book (and his does have more photos than most bread books), this book has COPIOUS photos taken by Eric Wolfinger (a baker AND photographer)of each step from mixing the dough prior to the first autolyse to the folding process during fermentation to splitting the dough into two parts to the bench rest to the forming method for the loaf itself to the scoring of the loaf once it's in the combo cooker / Dutch oven through the final baked loaf.     The dough folding section is what I have been looking for and have found lacking in most other books on the subject of bread baking. There's information in the other books but this visually shows the reader AND the instructions explain it in words. So those readers who are \\"word\\" or \\"visual\\" learners can both get what they need.    So in the last three weeks, I've baked 3 times from the Country Loaf in Chapter 1. The bread? Fabulous. I don't have a combo cooker, so I use a Dutch oven. Works like a charm. I've only baked 3 times from it as my household is just two of us and that recipe makes a lot of bread.     My husband lived in Italy for 3 years and I think he ate about a half a loaf of this amazingly holey, beautifully risen creation that came out of our oven once the first loaf had cooled to room temperature. Even as the bread got old, I was toasting it and it made this gorgeous toast. Due to the natural leaven and the lower pH of the leaven (not as sour as sourdough), it seems to help preserve the bread a little better. The bread is afresh product and won't taste as \\"fresh\\" the second day but it is usable for almost a week kept at room temp. The end of the week, it makes great bruschetta.    I honestly can tell you've that I've not tested any of the other recipes in the book. I'm still experimenting in chapter 1 and have a grand old time with that.     I adore my Kitchenaid mixer but it's been rather refreshing to make a couple of amazing loaves of bread with my hands just by folding. That country loaf is just amazing. My loaves don't come out as dark as the ones in the photo on the cover. They're more similar to the testers loaves shown in chapter 1. My first loaves were successful.     I did substitute using a small amount of my existing sourdough starter when making the leaven rather than going for the wild capture of yeast. It's basically the same thing. The leaven process works like a champ.    You will need a kitchen balance / scale to use these recipes. These do not use typical kitchen measures. You'll also need a thermometer to check your water temperatures. Both can be inexpensive. I got my thermometer at the grocery store and paid ~ $8 for it (and it's handy for cooking meats to ensure they are properly cooked - just clean & sanitize after each use).    Which kind of baker is this for? One who is interested in exploring the world of bread using the methods employed by professional bakers. Weighing ingredients is usually more accurate since ingredients can become packed and weighing the ingredients means you'll get the same amount each time. I think a beginning baker could easily use it as the recipe very clearly explains stuff while the pictures back up beautifully what is written. Or the words back up what the pictures show. Just depends on you, the baker.     Someone who prefers to use typical kitchen measures to bake, like measuring cups and spoons, rather than a kitchen scale / balance probably won't care for this book. I don't mean that as a bad thing or as a slam - we all have our preferences. The bread recipes are definitely scaled to use a scale, not kitchen measures. There are recipes in the book that use bread and I think those use kitchen measures.    This book gave me what I've been searching for - clear photos on each step of the process. Thanks, Chad and Eric, for an abfab book. I'll move onward into the book once I want to expand past my country loaf experiments. I think it may be awhile before I want to do that......
B002HWRYJE|1.0|But it does have decent sound effects. Too bad the movie goes from 'save the baby' to 'rebellious child loves fast cars' to 'did that little idiot actually destroy a 200 year old Corvette?' to 'I hope he falls to a painful death!' to 'I don't care if Uhura thinks he is a loser, I just hope the idiots in red kick his a**!', to 'Do they really expect me to believe that star-ships are built in Iowa?', and then the formulaic aspects of the movie started to get too annoying to really care.  This is a monumentally bad movie. It is a rejection of everything that the Star Trek movies stood for. In many ways, this movie is more of a discredit to the original concept than the movie that claimed to be Starship Troopers.
B00005JKDQ|5.0|We just love this movie; even the grown ups in the family.  It's a great way to put those monster fears to rest.  The underlying message is tolerance of things we may not understand.  It takes a scary thing and makes it funny, and this can be very empowering.  Laughter really can be the best medicine.
0446677450|1.0|There is a line in this book where the author says he never said he wanted to be the \\"best\\" author.  He says he wants to be the \\"best-selling\\" author.  That should tell you something about this \\"financial\\" book.<br /><br />Be warned...there is nothing here but common sense and an endless stream of stories that start to repeat themselves.<br /><br />Buyer beware.  This guy has made a fortune off of pretending to know something you don't.  And if he were so successful and rich to begin with, why does he spend all of his time on the road doing \\"seminars\\"?  He should retire to one of the islands he owns.<br /><br />All it takes is common sense...there is no big secret...just a really slick sales and marketing job.
B0013D8LOK|5.0|This is one of the few musicals we really love and it doesn't hurt that Johnny Depp is in it.  The rest of the cast is fab too.  Now we have started a new family tradition; we'll watch Sweeney Todd every Halloween.
B001U3Y5XE|4.0|Pros:  kids have to be creative in making what is called for out of the lego parts provided.  Cons:  Some of the things you are asked to build are difficult because of not have all the right size and shape parts.. I think cards that show what you are to build should be matched better with the parts provided in the set.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|I am so happy to have this first season all to myself!! Andy Whitfield and Manu Bennett are too hot to talk about!! My dvd came in record time..I will treasure it 4-ever!!!
0374158460|2.0|Despite many glowing reviews, I found this book to be repetitive in the author's use of language to describe the sexual exploits of the characters.  I found the underlying personal stories to be filled with self pity and narcissistic wailings. By the end of the book, The individual stories seemed unbelievable and trivial. Not worth the time nor the investment.
B0041KKYEM|5.0|Darren Aronofsky is really the master of uncomfortable films. They are brilliant, but they make you want to squirm in your seat.<br /><br />So expect nothing less from \\"Black Swan,\\" a sublimely horrific psychological thriller. Aronofsky crafts the delicate, dark tale of a fragile young woman's descent into insanity, and Natalie Portman pours every ounce of her skill into the role. It's a beautiful tangle of ballet, classical music, black wings and warping reality.<br /><br />The lead dancer (Winona Ryder) of a New York ballet company is hospitalized, so a new dancer is needed for \\"Swan Lake\\" -- a girl who can play both the pure White Swan and the sensual Black Swan. Nina Sayers (Natalie Portman) desperately wants to dance the role, especially since her controlling stage mother (Barbara Hershey) has always driven her to be \\"perfect.\\" Many other girls want the role, including the new girl Lily (Mila Kunis).<br /><br />But even after Nina wins the role, she doesn't find any peace. She begins to believe that Lily is trying to steal the role of a lifetime, and is tormented by strange voices and hallucinations -- and spiky little feather start sprouting from her shoulders. And as her debut approaches, Nina begins sliding further into a nightmarish world where she IS the Black Swan.<br /><br />In his previous movies, Darren Aronofsky has explored psychological grotesquerie or exquisite beauty... but I don't think he's ever melded the two as he does in \\"Black Swan.\\" This movie is a nightmare -- a graceful, satin-swathed, feathered, mirrored nightmare, full of strange images (screaming pictures) and haunting moments that make you want to hide.<br /><br />At the movie's start, there's a vague sense of unease and instability, as if something nightmarish is lurking right around the corner. But with every successive scene, Aronofsky painstakingly slips in more and more surreality and creepiness, until you find yourself locked in Nina's living hell. It all climaxes in a brilliant juxtaposition of dance, death, beauty and horror.<br /><br />The freakiest parts of it may be the changes to Nina's body, namely her backwards \\"swan legs\\" and the feathers on her back. Is her madness changing her body? Is it just another hallucination? It takes awhile to figure out.<br /><br />The lead role is one of those roles that demands all the passion, skill and life that an actor can pour into it, and Natalie Portman gives the role everything she has -- her Nina is a trembling, fragile creature made out of glass, who begins to crack under pressure. Mila Kunis gives a subtle, strong performance as Lily (both in and out of Nina's head), and there are great side performances by Hershey, Ryder, and Vincent Cassel.<br /><br />\\"Black Swan\\" is a movie that lulls you into a beautiful nightmare, and leaves you trying to unravel what is madness and what is reality. It's uncomfortable to watch, but it's supposed to be.uty and horror.     The freakiest parts of it may be the changes to Nina's body, namely her backwards \\"swan legs\\" and the feathers on her back. Is her madness changing her body? Is it just another hallucination? It takes awhile to figure out.     The lead role is one of those roles that demands all the passion, skill and life that an actor can pour into it, and Natalie Portman gives the role everything she has -- her Nina is a trembling, fragile creature made out of glass, who begins to crack under pressure. Mila Kunis gives a subtle, strong performance as Lily (both in and out of Nina's head), and there are great side performances by Hershey, Ryder, and Vincent Cassel.     \\"Black Swan\\" is a movie that lulls you into a beautiful nightmare, and leaves you trying to unravel what is madness and what is reality. It's uncomfortable to watch, but it's supposed to be.
6304493681|5.0|I kept hearing about this classic anime. I was skeptical because I tend to stray from the typical sci-fi anime that is so popular, but I was just stunned. The story line is great, and the animation, while dated, still holds up 'til today. Great anime to add to your collection if you're an anime lover!
1594202842|1.0|It's absolutely sad that this author thinks raising her own kids in the same manner her own mother raised her should be socially accepted and praised by the rest of society. Good luck to her own kids and hope they are well prepared to foot a long term therapy bill. She is so proud of belittling her own kids and announcing to the world that this should be the defacto way of raising kids in today's society. Her book is nothing more of teaching people how to abuse and ridicule their kids without teaching them compassion and respect for themselves and others. Please do not think that all Chinese mothers raise their kids in such an offensive fashion and stop giving this author anymore attention than she deserves. Yes, there are many mothers, not just Chinese or Asian, who might think this a great way but that just propagates more hatred and resentment into the world.    Oh and one more thing, she fails to discuss the higher suicide and mental illness rates in young Asian Americans growing up in this type of \\"traditional\\" household.
B00005JNS0|5.0|i love this movie i gave it as a gift. But not before ripping a copy for myself. HAHAHA IWIN!
0517053616|4.0|I was not happy witht he listing of the book I ordered being very good, I felt it should have been listed as good or OK condition. I emailed loopteck and Bob got back to me the following day. Though he could not change the condition of the book, he understood my not being happy and provided the proper customer service to compenesate. I was originally convinced that I would not order from this service again, but now I would consider ordering from them again.<br />Thank you Bob for standing behind your product.
B003B1X80Y|5.0|An excellent movie with a moving story line that pulls you in, I actually liked it(and I hate chick flicks)
B002ZG97EC|5.0|I received the item from Amazon well packaged and not damaged!  Despicable Me on Three-Disc, Blue-ray/DVD Combo, PLUS Digital Copy, was hilarious!  I definitely recommend this movie to anyone who has kids or who enjoys kids movies like I do!  Steve Carell is amazing as always!  Pixar has yet to put out a bad movie!
0312600844|5.0|This book captures so much of the soul -- and soullessness -- of our age. If you don't recognize yourself or members of your family in the dynamics and dysfunction that both tears apart and ties together the families of Peggy and Walter  Berglund, well, where have you been the past couple of decades?<br /><br />Yet while this book seems always to teeter on the cliff-edge of despair, Franzen deftly keeps  the characters -- and the narrative -- from ever falling completely into such a dark cliche.<br /><br />One of the best books I've read in a long time -- perhaps one of the best books I've read, ever.
B001PPLIFU|4.0|A good film with first class Blu Ray print but lacking the occasional humour which used to balance James Bond films. Daniel Craig comes across as a professional secret agent which isd probably a reflection of real life. People need to be more entertained though.
0446560065|5.0|If you've watched the \\"Simon's Cat\\" movies on You Tube, the book is all that and a box of popcorn.  Even if you're not a cat lover, you'll enjoy the antics and laugh out loud.  Simon understands the world from a cats point of view!
B003H6KRIE|5.0|Exciting,chair gripping all the way through. great sound and video all the way through. Few films made in the period could equal this collection.
B000JMLFLW|5.0|Pride and Prejudice was a fantastic book. I started the book thinking it would be dull and old fashioned. After the first chapter I couldn't put it down. I am now working my way through all of the Jane Austen books and enjoying every word of it.
B0036EH40Q|5.0|Simply put..I consider this one of the finest films ever made. The Blu Ray edition has only solidified that opinion. Tombstone is one of the greatest stories ever told on film. From the electrifying characters to the amazing sets, its hard not to feel right in the west with Wyatt and Doc.<br /><br />The Blu Ray version has been polished beyond belief making it one of the better conversions I have seen. Along with spectacular visuals comes a polished audio track that couldn't sound better. No new bonus features for the Blu Ray but this flicks worth the price of admission all on its own. If you take anything from this review, take this: add to cart.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|Del Shannon created one of Rock n Rolls most memorable songs of all time....Runaway in 1961.         In 1967,  Del Shannon re-recorded Runaway.  It was a cleaner, more polished version of his original smash hit.  It was still a good song, but something was missing.  It just didn't have the 'Feel' of the original.  Less sorrow, less ferocity.  Del Shannon felt his original 1961 version was too gritty, and he could catch a bigger audience if he just cleaned it up.  He was wrong.  By re-recording it, he had changed the song.  Purists, and fans of the golden era of Rock n Roll wouldn't go near the re-recorded version of 'Runaway'.         This is how I feel about The Star Wars original trilogy.  The Special editions are altered versions of the originals.    It is not the same series of classic films. Fans of the original trilogy feel the same.    I'm not buying the Blu-Ray.
B00192IV9U|5.0|This CD is refreshing and really, really great!!  Had he lived to perform these songs for us in concert or videos I think it could have been one of his greatest.  I can picture him creating signature dances for so many of the songs like he did for Thriller, Beat It, Billy Jean, etc.  I am so glad it was made and released for us.  Lots and lots and lots of talk about how MJ would not have wanted it out yet because he was such a perfectionist and it did not get his \\"final touches\\" or \\"blessings\\" - well, I think it is better then some that were put out while he was alive!!!  I just got \\"Blood on the Dance Floor\\".  Most of the songs on this CD are very dark, not uplifting at all.  So, \\"Michael\\", even in it's \\"unfinished\\" state is far superior to some and has more the type of message Michael wanted to be known for.  The more I listen to it the more I love it and wished there were more songs on it.  It is really wonderful to hear his voice and know he was getting back to himself after such a long time of being without him while he was focusing on being such a GREAT Daddy!!  Anyone who loves Michael should really love this CD.  I look forward to more CD's from Michael/Sony.
B0021L8V0M|5.0|I enjoyed the movie so much I just bought the Salt (Deluxe Unrated Edition) to add to my favorite collection of movies. I wish they'll make a SALT 2.
1400076943|5.0|Chiamanda is one to be reckoned with and this book just makes me feel nostalgic about my childhood.  Descriptions and scenery that make you feel like you were watching a movie, not reading a book
0385737424|5.0|This book starts out fairly slow, but I am so glad I stuck with it. I could not put this book down, I had to know what was going to happen. The chapter names enchanted me. The story kept me guessing. I felt like I knew the characters. I would recommend this book to any child or adult. However I have never read A Wrinkle in Time and many of the readers who seemed to be disappointed by this book had that in common. So that could be a factor is whether or not you like this book.
B000W93CXQ|5.0|As a 24 year old, I still have memories of being picked on and numerous other happenings throughout my teens which have tormented me my entire life. I saw many people say that this book was depressing, but you must look beyond the topic and see what the message is. This book is a great asset, for teens and parents of teens (especially older parents) who might not realise what could be happening in the lives of their children. One rumour, one incidence of peer pressure, one incidence of not being able to say no to the QB of the football team could change everything in a young person's life forever. Suicide is the worst case scenario, but maybe someone will derive strength from this, while you're still in High School, and maybe you'll be the one to change how you treat people or you will stand up for yourself before it all becomes too much.Again, I think every middle-school or high school aged student should read this book, so that you'll think about how you treat others and that your actions have consequences. And parents should read it to have an idea of what goes on in the lives' of your teens. Very well done.
0763631205|5.0|I purchased this gift for a friend. He was ecstatic to receive this gift. A Christmas Carol is a classic and this is a first edition book with beautiful illustrations. This book is for the person who wants a higher quality copy of this story.
B002JWD6AS|4.0|I was a bit weary at first as werewolves really didn't appeal to me but this was well executed, with interesting characters, I had a bit of trouble putting it down! My review might be a little objective as I'm probably not the target demographic being in my mid 20s. But I have throroughly enjoyed this series so far. I have a soft spot for books written in 1st person, as I feel more a part of the happenings and I really appreciate that each character gets a chance to speak out. Again, I don't want to write a book report, as some reviews have given just a bit too much information. I can only hope that this review helps someone! But I will definitely read the final book when it comes out!
B001E45XT4|4.0|macbook pro 15inch cp with bootcamp running windows xp professional have mic issues. So it doesnt matter what you plug in, the mics on the windows side dont function properly. Also the mic on the mac side with the headset doesnt work, but there is already a mic built into your mac so that doesnt matter.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|Speilberg puts 3 different versions of Close Encounters on Blu.  Coppola puts 2 different versions of Apocalypse on Blu.  Alien Anthology?  Both theatrical AND special editions on Blu.    George Lucas?  Holds his breath 'til his face turns Blu.    No sale George until you put out a version of the ORIGINAL TRILOGY that's at least equal to the FAN versions available.
B002Z7FWBI|5.0|Took me back to when I originally viewed these movies.  I bought this box set for my son for Christmas who is a Clint Eastwood fan as well.  If you like Clint Eastwood you'll enjoy the Dirty Harry collection.
B001GWK2MC|2.0|I purchased this castle for my 15mo old granddaughter.  I had blown it up the night before she arrived to allow her more time to play.  I didn't pay attention to it once it was up, but it took up a prominent spot in my living room--I couldn't miss the frame sitting up.  When I introduced her to it, I was extremely disappointed to see that the bottom (the jumping part) was flat on the floor.  In spite of numerous attempts, it would not stay inflated.  She had fun using it as a playhouse though and with the base already flat it was easy for us to join her inside so it turned out ok; just not what I had bought.
B002RSDW8A|2.0|I think that it is completly awful that I buy a stated new dvd from movie mars and amazon.com and when the movie is received it has been returned twice and has a return to sender slip stuck to it as well as a destroy slip. Doesn't sound brand new. Also when the movie was opened no security stickers also finger prints all over the disk. Granted to blu ray played well but it was misleading to say the least. Makes me think twice about buying \\"new\\" item
1594202842|5.0|People are talking about this book - and with good reason.  Chua, a Yale law professor, offers up a style of parenting most Americans are not familiar with, and it is certainly not Dr. Spock.  Even if you wouldn't do childrearing exactly as she did, Chua makes a compelling case that the pendulum in America has swung too far toward lazy indulgence and low expectations.        People who criticize the author for being \\"mean\\" completely miss the point.  Chua had a strict Chinese upbringing that she believes served her well.  She wants her daughters to have the same thing, and believes that not prodding children to fulfill all of their promise is letting them - and one's family -- down.  It might not be \\"mean\\" to let children spend every free moment in front of a television or an X-Box, as so many Americans do, but it is no way to raise a child.          Chua's book is not a how-to guide.  It is a compelling, anecdote-rich story of a family, told with wit and self-deprecation, and some surprising turns.  (As the book cover foreshadows, the author was indeed humbled by a 13-year-old.)  I guarantee that if you pick it up you will not be able to put it down (I couldn't), and that you will soon be one of those people who can't stop talking about it.
B0034G4P7Q|4.0|I saw the movie in theaters and thought it was spectacular. Amazing script, great acting, wonderful music. I don't care if it's a false telling of the creation of facebook. But I'm not here to review the movie (even though it's a MUST SEE). I'm here to review this package. I HATE when companies do not include a DVD or Digital Copy with these blu ray releases. Sure there's going to be some 3 disc special edition (which I haven't seen yet...), but no digital copies and DRM up the butt is a contributing factor to why piracy is still going strong. I don't even watch the dvd version of any blu ray I buy, I just rip the movie so I can actually put it on any device I have. Legal and morally correct. That's how I watch my movies, but I will magically obtain a version of this movie that can be put on my smart phone, no (or maybe all) thanks to Columbia Pictures.
B001VZY4M8|5.0|In my opinion the best album ever produced by this genius.  Neil Young can make you cry and laugh, it makes you wanna sing along all night and through the day, heavenly songs, beautiful lyrics...and one of the most important artist of our era.  Songs like Tell me why, after the gold rush, southern man and I believe in you, among others, can take you away to a place where your heart doesn't belong you, but to the joy of being part of something bigger, better and more illumineted, where artists like Neil Young do their magic.
B003SHDSRE|4.0|I'm reading this book now.<br />I`ve finished with Italy part reading yesterday. Some parts of the book is sooo boring (like meal description), some parts are extremly interestnig (description of life, people, emotions).<br />I'm going to read it to the end.
B002ZG980U|5.0|This movie is even better blu-ray but DVD version isn't bad either. Never a dull moment. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie!
B001AVCFK6|5.0|Really this movie explains a lot of details about Star Trek creation. The origin of most habits of main crew members were presented and the final scene, when Capitain Kirk enter in command room is amazing... pay attention about the manner how he tooks the seat and give to the pilot the directions of Enterprise...it's identical to William Shatner.
B0040QYROK|5.0|i have seen the  chopped up versions.... i have the 1984 version with the color tinting, and  updated sound track... i got the complete version for christmas, much, much better version!   the most complete version......... love it!
B002ZG997C|4.0|Great movie with a subtle twist .......the power of the bible and how it will be carried on even after a world disaster.....
B0013FSL3E|5.0|This is one of my favorite animated movies.  Its adorable and appeals to a wide range of people of all ages and types.  The mix of Robot design, sound effects, and a nice storyline make this a very enjoyable movie to watch.<br /><br />Wall-E is the only thing left on earth (besides a cockroach friend of his) and he spends his days cleaning up trash like he was designed to do.  The humans who left earth behind left it filled with stuff and from this, Wall-E, collects interesting objects.  Among these is a plant, lightbulb, and the movie Hello Dolly which gives him aspirations to love.  His world is turned upside down however, when EVE arrives.  EVE is on a mission from the human spaceship to see if there is life on Earth yet.  Although she is openly hostile at first, Wall-E eventually becomes friends with her and gives her the plant he found.<br /><br />When she is put into lockdown mode and the ship picks her up, Wall-E hitches a ride to where they both go to the Axiom, cruise ship of the humans.  There they have to fight their way through hostile robots to prove Earth can sustain life, and bring the humans home.  They have some friends along the way, John and Mary, the interesting humans who can't do much (like the other humans) but are willing to try.  And some robots in need of repair, whose quirky manners are skills Wall-E and EVE can use.<br /><br />Wall-E is one of my favorite characters of all time.  He is just too cute and the way he expresses his emotions gives me a big smile.  EVE is contrast is his warrior woman and definitely the fighter between the two.  The humans are rather sad, but at least they try to improve things for themselves.<br /><br />The music in this film is good, it is mostly songs taken from Wall-E's movie, Hello Dolly.  They seemed to fit though and carried along the scenes nicely.  And what scenes they were!  Wall-E is computer animated and that makes for some truly beautiful work.  Most especially the scenes in space are very vivid.<br /><br />This is a great movie for anyone and I highly recommend watching it for a charming and light-hearted movie.  It also teaches a great lesson about love and responsibility.<br /><br />Characters:<br />Ben Burtt-Wall-E<br />Elissa Knight-EVE<br />Jeff Garlin-The Captain<br />Fred Willard-BnL's CEO<br />MacinTalk-Auto<br />John Ratzenberger-John<br />Kathy Najimy-Mary<br />Sigourney Weaver-Axiom's computer<br /><br />Review by M. Reynardone and I highly recommend watching it for a charming and light-hearted movie.  It also teaches a great lesson about love and responsibility.    Characters:  Ben Burtt-Wall-E  Elissa Knight-EVE  Jeff Garlin-The Captain  Fred Willard-BnL's CEO  MacinTalk-Auto  John Ratzenberger-John  Kathy Najimy-Mary  Sigourney Weaver-Axiom's computer    Review by M. Reynard
B002VPE1AW|4.0|Movie was well made and blew your senses away re foreign worlds which may exist with their own beings.  Can't wait to see the sequels that are supposedly going to follow....Avatar 2 up coming?!
B001ECQ4AS|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite shows on regular TV (as opposed to HBO or Showtime, which usually have the most authentic programming series).  I can best sum this show up as a cross between the X-Files and Kolchak: The Night Stalker (that great 70's thriller/horror TV series starring Darren McGavin). If you liked those two shows you will love Supernatural, and if you did not like those two series you will enjoy Supernatural anyway. It's a modern action-adventure/horror/thriller/mystery/supernatural drama classic. Also, if you enjoy classic rock music and cool vintage cars, it will be hard to turn this show off. Supernatural does everything right to captivate an audience and leave them wanting more.  Once you start following Dean and Sam Winchester across the country tracking and killing evil things, you will be trapped in their world, wanting more stories after every episode. It's a very addictive series (and with a lot of the garbage on TV these days, this is a great problem to have).   This show is a masterpiece, plain and simple.
0571238343|5.0|This book is a MUST HAVE for anyone with even a passing interest in creating animation.  I devoured it in a few days, and am now back on my secound and third readings.  Step by step instructions, LOADED with examples and illustrations, stuffed with tips and tricks from the last 100 years of experts in the field.  I am a 3-D animator, and though the book was written by a semi - \\"old school\\" animator, it has already vastly improved my work and changed (read, corrected) my entire approach to animation.  This book does not concentrate on mediums and media (software, paper, film etc) It FULLY Covers the actual ART of Animation: Timing, expression, Formulas, planning, etc etc.  Best book purchase I have made in years.  It doesn't waste time disscussing character development and drawing methods, It cuts straight to the chase - Animation; Grace movement, speed, reality vs. cartoon effects.  The book itself is soft cover, and rather large and heavy - I'm not sure how well the binding will hold up as it IS a workbook and has already seen much dog earring, and margin notes and markers by me.  It lays flat on a desk so it lends itself to \\"real time\\" instruction.  If you animate (in any medium) You GOT to have it!
1416583408|2.0|I am not an animal behavorist, anthropologist, or psychologist. I am a doctor with a very doggy dog and have lived amongst dogs all my life. I certainly don't claim to be a dog whisperer but I believe in all of my 60+ years, I can usually \\"read\\" dogs' behavior and understand them to some extent.    SO, I bought this book. It was a huge disappointment. First, as a professional writer, I found the style unfortunately too esoteric and filled with words a lot of lay readers won't understand and you get the feeling the author wanted to present this quirky cute style. It's also way too long, poorly organized, and full of discussions about other animals that have little bearing on dogs' behavior. It's tough to schlog through and I found myself turning pages to find more readable sections.    I have read those informed readers about what the author gets wrong, and I agree with them. Actually, looking at Horowitz's background, I wonder why she wrote a book as complex as this because she really does not have the credentials to write this. And a lot of it is rather poorly organized and illogical in spots.     I wouldn't recommend this as a read--certainly there are some interesting aspects to it (I found the section on dogs' eyesight interesting) but I think the essential material could have been condensed into a book of one-quarter the size/
1594202842|5.0|Amy Chua has written an authentic, funny and self-deprecating parenting memoir. This is not a guide on how to raise your children, nor does she suggest that it is. And, contrary to some comments found on the internet, Chua does not declare anywhere in this book that the \\"Chinese\\" parenting model is superior. Rather, the book is a moving portrait of her evolution from her initially very strict parenting view to a more nuanced approach - as can be seen from the book's very cover in which she highlights how she was \\"humbled by a 13 year old.\\" This is a hilarious, beautifully written, and touching story filled with love and high hopes for one's children (which pan out, as can be seen in the book and in the interviews Chua and her daughters have done). It is a wonderful read and I devoured it in a matter of hours. I highly recommend this book - the excerpts and articles about the book have generated a lot of publicity but do not capture the author's parenting evolution. Only Chua's witty, unflinchingly honest, and tongue-in-cheek descriptions throughout can convey this to her readers.
1440503257|4.0|This cookbook is great for any harry potter fan! most recipes have the little blip from the book that the dish is from. Its great for the harry potter fan that has everything else!
B00280LYIM|5.0|i already wrote a reveiw for this but i just wanted to say something to the author.......i think that it would be cool if you re wrote the percy jackson series,but from a different characters perspective,like nico or annabeth. i think that it would be really cool to do that for nico though,because hes kinda in and out in the boks and it would be really interesting to find out what happens in between the rimes when he is with percy,and maybe even before they even met!! this is just an idea though, but it would be cool if you considered it
0316077054|4.0|\\"Beautiful Creatures\\" was a slow-moving, ultimately uninspiring and yet well-written read for this particular individual.  Thus, when \\"Beautiful Darkness\\" came along, I was not instantly sold on the idea of commiting to another 500+ pages of Lena and Ethan's surrealistic Southern (teen) romance.  Fortunately, I took the chance and I am quite happy I did.  \\"Beautiful Darkness\\" is a well-conceived, dramatic masterpiece of YA fiction with a lovely twist: an independent, well-mannered, well-intentioned MALE lead character.      While the series absolutely aspires to nab the legions of \\"Twilight\\" fanatics, there is little in common between the two.  The \\"Beautiful\\" books are well-written, solid explorations into a fantastical gothic world of Casters (witches, for lack of a better explanation) and the like; no vampires or werewolves here.  Peppered with moments of great humor, dabs of South Carolina's history, and well-crafted, sassy young characters, \\"Beautiful Darkness\\" was a fast-paced ride that left a smile on my face.  If you're a fan- young or old(er)- of fantasy grounded in the modern day reality, give it a read!
B0041T52S6|5.0|Visually stunning move.  Great use of computer effects in the right way!  Fun and moving at the same time.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I usually randomly pick levels on this, all the levels are tough and very effective. I have more tone in my arms and thighs and the ab work is great too but may need to be supplemented with more crunches and plank work. I highly recommend this dvd, especially when one has little time to spare. It is high intensity all the way if you do not stop. Thanks Jillian this is awesome!!!
1439177783|5.0|I have had a skewed view of food and eating since I was a young girl when my mother would grocery shop and put food stuffs in the pantry and say 'It's mine, don't touch it, it's mine'.  As we all know you always want what you can't/shouldn't have.....so when my mother would go out of the house/room I would sneak to the pantry to have whatever she had bought that I liked, that I wasn't supposed to eat.  I would eat it very quickly, so I wouldn't get caught or I would hide somewhere in the house to eat something I wasn't supposed to have.  After living like that for many years you get a very mixed up view of eating and food in general.  Afer reading Portia's book I have so much peace of mind when it comes to food.  While our histories are different they still have MUCH similarity and the turning point for me was when she wrote \\"Restriction Generates Yearning\\", when I read that sentence it was like a lightbulb went on/off in my head and I said \\"she's right, my mother isn't here to tell me that I can't have something or shouldn't eat something\\".  It's still going to be there tomorrow if I want it and I don't have to eat the whole box of crackers(or whatever) today, it will still be here tomorrow!  Portia changed my life and I can't thank her enough for writing this book!  It's taken 46 years but I feel healed now!
B002MU4NL8|5.0|Tim Allen and Sigourney Weaver in one the funniest films I've seen in years!  At first it seemed to be just another parody of Science fiction films, but then  suddenly the whole movie becomes  well I've given it a five star rating already.
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|I thought that Mockingjay wasn`t a better book than the first two. It was too bloody and gorey and could scare smaller children who decide to read it. Though I enjoyed it, it wasnt the best Suzanne Collins was written.
B001PO53IO|5.0|I bought this for Christmas for a friends kids and they loved it. I also opened it and watch it first loved it. good service got her fast woth no problems.
B003F3NDWG|2.0|I want to state first that this show is excellent and I suggest everyone check it out.<br />This is a review of the product however, which is very disappointing!<br /><br />First of all, they advertised when this was on pre-order that one of the bonus features would be Nathan talking with Stephen J. Cannell again, and this time Stana would be joining them....it oddly was missing from the released product.<br />If that were the only disappointment, I'd have just let it go. However, not only is a piece of the marketing for this product false, the quality of the bonus features are seriously lacking.<br /><br />For example...<br /><br />Where it mentions the bonus features, it ends with \\"And much more!\\" That's a lie...well, misleading anyway. You see, the only thing not already mentioned in the bonus features is \\"music videos\\" which would be \\"more\\" but certainly not \\"much more.\\" Stating \\"much more\\" implies there will be more than ONE additional bonus feature....which there is not!<br /><br />As for the bonus features that they do provide, there are 3 behind-the-scenes featurettes, 3 deleted scenes, and a blooper reel.<br /><br />The 3 behind-the-scenes featurettes are enjoyable, but incredibly short. (none of them are more than 7-10 minutes long) What makes it expecially disappointing is that the promo on this DVD for other ABC products is longer than ANY of the bonus features! How pathetic!<br /><br />Out of an entire season, there are only 3 deleted scenes on this DVD. What???<br /><br />The blooper reel is MAYBE 2 and a half minutes long.<br /><br />There are 2 music videos; The first one's not a real music video but actually a mock-up of one that they used in an episode where the victim was a singer. The sceond one is pretty good, but again was a character on the show who was a singer.<br /><br />For almost $40, I would have expected better bonus features. And there is NOT A SINGLE COMMENTARY on this set. WTF??? Ok, maybe the main actors were busy...at least give us a commentary from the writers or production!<br /><br />As I stated at the start of this review, I recommend this show to EVERYONE. If you're not as into the bonus features and commentaries as I obviously am, then by all means own this set. However, if you're like me and you buy these things wanting great quality bonus features with your episodes, then wait for the price to go down to around $25, because that's all this set is worth, IMHO.<br /><br />Also, when I took the platic wrapping off of the case, the spine split almost in half. I'm not sure if this was something I did wrong or if others have experienced this as well, so I'm mentioning it. It just seems to me that the spine should have been stronger than this, however I may have been too eager and caused it to split by mistake.this review, I recommend this show to EVERYONE. If you're not as into the bonus features and commentaries as I obviously am, then by all means own this set. However, if you're like me and you buy these things wanting great quality bonus features with your episodes, then wait for the price to go down to around $25, because that's all this set is worth, IMHO.    Also, when I took the platic wrapping off of the case, the spine split almost in half. I'm not sure if this was something I did wrong or if others have experienced this as well, so I'm mentioning it. It just seems to me that the spine should have been stronger than this, however I may have been too eager and caused it to split by mistake.
B002ZG981E|5.0|I love, love, love this movie.  I watched it over the Christmas break because when I saw it in the theater I fell asleep and everytime I watched it I saw something new.  This is by far the best movie I've seen in 2010.
B001F0TM5I|1.0|Death Proof is insane. In a very bad way. It is so slow. The whole movie goes for about 2 hours. 1 hour 40 minutes of nonsense girl talk at best. A little, very little of action in 2 parts. 1st that goes for about 5 minutes and the other one that runs like maybe 10 minutes at best. This is not recommended. I watched it at 2 am. And it is insane. The movie is just plain stupid. 4 girls died by a psycho driver, driver gets his ass kicked by his another victims. Which are another 3 girls. And screams like a girl. They kill him to death. Oh my god. That's a black comedy. If that wasn't that boring and I saw this parts sooner, maybe I'd have a better rating for it.
B003REEPJS|5.0|This is a beautiful album. I have listened to all the songs so many times I can't remember. At first I was \\"ok\\" with it but the more I listened the more I liked it. She does a great job with Every rose has a thorn, and I loved it in it's original form. I can't be tamed is a good way to tell some people off which seems to need to be done. Like her life is any of their business. Liberty walk and Who owns my heart haven't grown on me yet but Two more lonely people, Stay, and Forgiveness and Love, are catchy and nice to sing along with. For the most part, I really like the album. I wish this would be given a chance because I think some people are more attached to the idea that Miley Cyrus is a little girl and won't let her be real. They don't realize its a good batch of music and should be listened to because it has merit, not left by the wayside because of the opinion of some people who can't except that she is human and has a lifestyle of her choosing. I don't care if she acts on stage or swings from poles, I only care about the music. Give it a chance. You may find that you like it if you liked her other music. Well, I can't say I really liked all her other music but I did like most. I want to see what she comes up with next.
B000PMLFRA|2.0|how i can review a product not yet released?   simple: i alredy own the Films (original and SE-Edition)  and i definitely prefer the originals!  therefore, only two stars for the missed opportunity to correct the error made with the dvd--releases.    the se-edition is ok - in a way. as special feature or bonus-material. but the reason one buys a blu-ray (or dvd, or vhs, or laserdisc...) is he/she wants the experience he/she had in the cinema.    arguably,the se-versions are entertaining films (espcially for those not knowing the originals) and there is a point for bringing the top-quality versions on a medium like blu-ry, hence the two stars.    since this releas most likely rules out a release oft the TRUE triology in the near future, no more than two stars can be awarded.
1591841666|5.0|I rarely ever read a book more than once but, this little book gets me out of a bind every time.  I just keep reading it and reading it.  Every time I find something to get me out of my dip of the moment...or two.  Godin's down-to-earth writing style has me looking for more of his books.
1844137872|5.0|Excellent book on the elusive Banksy, with plenty of graphics of street art that has been removed. Will buy this book again for other friends and family members.
030745455X|5.0|Excellent book, best trilogy of 2010, as soon as you read the begin the 1st book you won't rest until you're done with them all!
B00479SVBU|5.0|I don't normally enter reviews, but felt I had to for this item.  After reading many reviews on these devices I decided to get the Soundfly device.  I use it with an 8GB USB Flash memory chip and it is awesome. Sound is perfect at 88.1, for my listening desires.  I like the folders and files feature for storing my music.  I would recommend this device.
0321344758|4.0|Essa segunda edio do famoso livro (2000) traz algumas atualizaes e adaptaes j que o assunto - Usabilidade de Websites -  um tema razoavelmente vivo.       O Autor, Steve Krug, tornou-se na ltima dcada o \\"Papa da Usabilidade de Websites\\", e aps anos trabalhando na rea, resolveu colocar boa parte de sua experincia nesse livro, trazendo, como diz o subttulo, \\"uma abodagem de bom senso  usabilidade na web\\".      Recomendado por 9 em cada 10 Desenvolvedores de sites, o livro  muito fcil e rpido de se ler (precisa, afinal trata de facilidades...) e traz muitas dicas de usabilidade super fceis de aplicar.    Veja alguns pontos:  . \\"No faa o usurio (ter de) pensar.\\" - a \\"1a Lei de Krug\\".  . \\"No importa quantos clicks leva para se chegar a algum ponto, desde que sejam clicks bvios.\\" - a \\"2a Lei\\".  . \\"Livre-se da metade das palavras de cada pgina do site. Depois livre-se da metade que sobrou.\\" - a 3a!  . Os usurios web (quase) sempre tem PRESSA.  . O tal \\"usurio mdio-padro\\" de internet no existe,  um mito(tipo cabea-de-bacalhau).  . As pessoas no gostam de ter de descobrir como as coisas (ou seu site) funcionam. Isso diminui a confiana deles.  . As pessoas no lm as pginas, elas \\"do uma olhada\\". E sabem que no precisam ler tudo.  . O boto \\"Voltar\\"  o mais usado na navegao.  . Minimize confuses.  . Deixe bvio o que pode e o que no pode ser \\"clicado\\".  . Teste sempre o site antes de lan-lo.  . Testar com UM usurio  melhor que com nenhum.  . Testar qualquer coisa no INICIO  sempre mais fcil.  . As pessoas comeam a navegar com uma certa reserva de boa-vontade que tende a esvaziar-se no decorrer dos clicks.    </>.
B003DT194G|5.0|No doubt this is a masterpiece! For me, this is the best movie of all times. I highly recommend anyone has not seen this movie, please do.
B003XKPPOU|5.0|I didn't even have children when the first Toy Story came out. But I loved the movie and even bought Buzz Lightyear and Woody dolls.<br /><br />Then I had kids and I loved sharing the movies with them. My son often thought that the first Toy Story was pretty creepy because of the toys Sid created.<br /><br />My kids (ages 6 and 11) and I went to see Toy Story 3 in the theater. The story unraveled in front of me and I found myself thinking nostalgically about my own kids and the toys they've already grown out of. Which ones will they want to keep, to give away, to take to college? I love how Andy stayed true to himself and his love for Woody and Buzz. The day care was wonderful and the scenes with Ken and Barbie hilarious - especially the one where he showcases all his outfits. It took me back to my childhood when I played with Barbie dolls. My favorite was Buzz in Spanish mode.<br /><br />The story was harrowing at times like in the garbage incinerator, but most of all remained faithful to the characters all the way to the end. I loved the ending and cried in the theater like every other mom in there. I cry at home watching it too since it represents the passing of all stages of life.<br /><br />I couldn't have imagined a better ending if someone asked me to write it myself (which luckily for everyone concerned, they did not).<br /><br />What an honorable way to handle the series, characters and fan base.<br /><br />I love getting the four disc combo because I have a Blu-ray for playing at home, a DVD to play on long car trips, the extras, and a digital copy for my iPod classic.
B001P9EQH8|4.0|I bought this to amp my Beyerdynamic DT770 Premium headphones because my laptop and mp3 player couldn't produce the volume I wanted when I REALLY wanted to jam. For $20 this thing solved that problem. I read to keep all digital volume controls at 100% but when I do then the amped sound gets a little fuzzy. Instead, I keep my laptop/mp3 player at 80% volume and then I can crank the volume on the amp and it sounds great!!! I love this little thing; for $20 it's a no brainer.
B000SMWUPS|5.0|We go this for the City Mini stroller when we first got it a year and a half ago, and I just bought another one to replace that since one of the loops ripped off while it was checked in an airplane. This caddy does the job at a much lower price than the others. It hold two cups, with flexible pockets that accommodate a lot of sizes and are pretty secure. there is a good bit of room in the central space, and because the dividers are flexible, you can use the whole space for something large if you don't have cups. There is s zippered pocket for keys or whatever. It's durable and flexible, no need to remove when folding the stroller (although I will try to remember to take it off the next time it goes in a plane baggage hold). I don't fault the caddy for breaking on the plane. Why pay more?
0385528752|5.0|Not all change is difficult.<br />We change all the time, voluntarily, in many different ways - we get married, we start a family, we take up a new job or a new role, we change ideas...<br />just think of much you changed in the last 10 years!<br />Based on this insight, the question is: what are the characteristics of successful change?<br />Chip and Dan Heath set out on a quest to find what works to make change easier, at any scale - individual, organizational, societal.<br />And in doing so they dispel 3 big myths about change: that some people are just hard to change, it is in their nature; that people are lazy, and that is why they do not change; that there is a \\"resistance\\" to change.<br />To illustrate their findings, the authors borrow Jonathan Haidt's metaphor of the Elephant and the Rider: the conscious, analytical part of ourselves is like a rider perched on top of an elephant, the adaptive unconscious.<br />The rider has the ability to plan, to analyze, to make rational choices - but it also has the tendency to spin its wheels and over-analyze, and it stands no chance guiding the elephant with brute force, at least not in the long run.<br />The elephant gives us drive and power, but it is easily distracted by short term rewards.<br />The authors use this simple metaphor as a framework to make sense of some useful strategies for change, based on research and illustrated with vivid, \\"sticky\\" stories - these strategies are grouped in 3 sections:  how to \\"direct the rider\\", how to \\"engage the elephant\\" and how to \\"shape the path\\".<br />I am a Solution-Focused practitioner, so I was very happy to see Solution-Focused Brief Therapy featured in this book. It appears, together with Appreciative Inquiry, in the section about Directing the Rider, in the chapter \\"Find the Bright Spots\\".<br />As the authors themselves point out, an effective approach to change involves all 3 dimensions (rider, elephant, path), and sometimes this distinction is pretty fuzzy.<br />I believe Solution-Focus interviewing protocols to be a case in point:<br />- when we, as Solution-Focused practitioners, ask exception-finding questions, we \\"find the bright spots\\" (chapter one)<br />- when we, as Solution-Focused practitioners,  ask for concrete, behavioral details about what works, we help clients \\"script the critical moves\\" (chapter two)<br />- when we, as Solution-Focused practitioners, ask the Miracle Question, we \\"point [the rider] to the destination\\" (chapter 3) and we also help the elephant \\"find the feeling\\" (chapter 4)<br />- when we, as Solution-Focused practitioners, ask \\"what would be the smallest sign that...\\" we \\"shrink the change\\" (chapter 5)<br />- and since all the questions in the Solution-Focused therapy or coaching protocols are interactional, i.e. are aimed at focusing the client's attention on the situation, we do help in \\"shaping the path\\".<br />The more I practice Solution-Focus, the more I am impressed by how effective it is.<br />Yet, despite the empirical nature of the work that led to the creation of Solution-focused interviewing protocols and despite the research supporting it,  people have a hard time believing it can work. And that is because of ingrained assumptions about change. The authors did an excellent job in showing that there is a different way to think about change. And for that, I am very grateful to Chip and Dan Heath.
B0042AGN7S|5.0|I love this movie, and Daniel Craig is the best James Bond Ever, bar none.<br />He is so sexy and great action in this flick.  Also, the love interest with Eva is wonderful.<br />I'm so glad they are going to shoot Bond 23 and Daniel will be back!
B0034G4P7Q|5.0|Presumably many have seen the film.  Some comments on that later on.<br /><br />The packaging, I think, is incredible.  No, it is not packaged in a jewel-blue case like many BDs are.  Like many of Fincher's previous DVD releases, it is packaged in a digipack cardboard design - equal in size to the blue jewel cases - as the likes of Seven, Fight Club, etc were released in their respective DVD versions.<br /><br />The packaging is simplistic and chic.  The paper has a nice rubbery/cloth like feel to it.  I don't know the stock, but it a good quality and the slipcase is all black and embossed with phrasing from the log/taglines for the film.  The inside has the familiar poster of a blurred out Zuckerberg with the \\"500 million friends\\" quote.  The color image featured is simply a \\"wrap around\\" piece of standard cardboard that simply fits over the slipcase itself... not very practical or keepable, but was included probably at the request of the studio for ease of identification or whatever other stupid reasons the execs come up with.  I'm probably throwing mine away.<br /><br />BD transfer is superb.  I did not notice any major changes from film to disc that I can recall, except maybe in the Henley rowing sequence.  I think a slugline was added to the intro of the scene and the sound design seemed to feature some diagetic sounds occuring within the scene as opposed to just the score.  It has been some time, so I could be mistaken.<br /><br />The film itself is excellent and Fincher has definitely proved himself as a masterful director.  The acting is excellent, the photography is superb, and the writing is outstanding.  It's not just \\"a movie about facebook\\" it's more about the drama behind it, relationships, and psychological workings.<br /><br />I predict an Oscar nod.
0061989142|5.0|It came in the mail in like 2 days I was surprised that it cam that fast and I also really love this book.
B00382S9N2|4.0|We never saw the movie before and purchased after watching Dancing with the Stars.  We thoroughly enjoyed the video on Blu-ray.
B00068ULLY|5.0|The product arrived right on time, was packaged well enough so that nothing was damaged, and even though I did not need to contact the seller for any reason, they seem to be very efficient and trustworthy.  I would definitely recommend this seller to everyone!
B0036TGSIK|5.0|Going into watching \\"Easy A\\" I didn't have too many expectations except for hopefully seeing a good movie. Those expectations were not only lived up to, but exceeded in the movie. It's probably the smartly informed comedies about teenage life since \\"Risky Business.\\"<br /><br />\\"Easy A\\" is about Olive Penderghast (Emma Stone) who under pressure from her best friend Rhiannon (Alyson Michalka) invents a tryst with a college freshman and word is soon out amongst her schoolmates. As word spreads Olive's friend Brandon (Dan Byrd), who is a target of school bullies because of the possibility of his being gay, asks her to alter this perception by having sex with him. Olive has a better idea that in theory won't compromise her while everyone thinks Brandon has had sex. At a party they fake having a sexual encounter loud enough for everyone to hear. Soon, word is spreading out of control. All of Brandon's nerd friends are soon seeking out Olive to help improve their social reputations, and the school Christians are alternately trying to save Olive, and get her expelled from school. When the consequences of her reputation get beyond her control, instead of trying to alter the mistaken impressions she embraces them wearing a bright red A on her clothing, an idea she got from reading \\"The Scarlet Letter\\" in English class.<br /><br />There isn't too much adult input into Olive's life, but then what teenagers do? Olive's much too hip parents, played by Stanley Tucci and Patricia Clarkson, are sympathetic to Olive's plight try to hard to be her friend. Olive's English teacher Mr. Griffith (Thomas Haden Church) who has a good rapport with students unfortunately and unknowingly adds another wrinkle to Olive's problem.<br /><br />Most other reviews compare \\"Easy A\\" to \\"Clueless\\" because of the modernization of stories from classic literature (in \\"Clueless\\" case Jane Austen's \\"Emma\\"). But I think \\"Easy A\\" may be the \\"Risky Business\\" of the internet generation. Both \\"Easy A\\" and \\"Risky Business\\" are taking on much the same problem, and using some unconventional techniques in the telling of the story. Joel's problem in \\"Risky Business\\" is much the same as Olive's in \\"Easy A.\\" Both Joel and Olive want to enhance their sexual reputations among their peers in the hope that some of that peer pressure will dissolve away. Both films don't approach the subject in conventional terms. In \\"Risky Business\\" Joel's dreams and fantasies are equally important as his reality. Olive relates her story via a webcast. Where Joel's problem is every adolescent boy's fantasy, Olive's problem are the nightmare of every teenage girl. Music is also important in both films Tangerine Dream added an unorthodox soundtrack to \\"Risky Businesss\\" as the soundtrack in \\"Easy A.\\"  And like \\"Risky Business\\" \\"Easy A\\" exceeds all expectations of the genre, and even stands some of those expectations on their ear.<br /><br />Special Features include a commentary with director Will Gluck and Emma Stone, a gag reel, and Stone's audition video.much the same problem, and using some unconventional techniques in the telling of the story. Joel's problem in \\"Risky Business\\" is much the same as Olive's in \\"Easy A.\\" Both Joel and Olive want to enhance their sexual reputations among their peers in the hope that some of that peer pressure will dissolve away. Both films don't approach the subject in conventional terms. In \\"Risky Business\\" Joel's dreams and fantasies are equally important as his reality. Olive relates her story via a webcast. Where Joel's problem is every adolescent boy's fantasy, Olive's problem are the nightmare of every teenage girl. Music is also important in both films Tangerine Dream added an unorthodox soundtrack to \\"Risky Businesss\\" as the soundtrack in \\"Easy A.\\"  And like \\"Risky Business\\" \\"Easy A\\" exceeds all expectations of the genre, and even stands some of those expectations on their ear.    Special Features include a commentary with director Will Gluck and Emma Stone, a gag reel, and Stone's audition video.
B000002UAR|5.0|Revolver is in my opinion a perfect Beatles album and I think there are four equal albums, Revolver/Sgt.Peppers (I would like to ad also strawberryfields/Penny Layne   to this record)/White Album/Abbey Road. All other albums are either growing towards those records or just too unbalanced.   Magical Mystery Tour doesn't fully deliver to its promise and Let it Be broke up the Beatles.  However I must correct some reviews here that Brian Wilson made Pet sounds under influence of Revolver. This is not the case. Its Rubber Soul that inspired  him to do it. Revolver and Pet Sounds were almost developed simultaneously. Pet Sounds was released much sooner than Revolver. And although the Beatles came  up with Sgt.Peppers, they were baffled by Brian Wilsons work.  I must say that inspite of their fantastic work, the Beatles made albums that were all over the place. I mean, a whole lot of new ideas and different songs.  Wich is very diverse but less united as a whole. Pet Sounds to me sounds more 'grown up' a songcycle of someone struggeling with love and the leaving behind  of adolescence. And he experienced it. In contrast to 'She's leaving home' where the writer observes rather than living it.   There's also this myth that songs in the sixties became better as they didn't have lyrics like 'Baby, I love you\\". Well Pet Sounds is about love, and most songs  in music are about love, even Captain Beefheart's work is about love underneath all his surrealism.   And no group has so much songs about love like the Beatles. Revolver's strongest musical points are two things, the rasping guitarchords in Taxman and its magnum opus  Tomorrow never Knows. Eleanor Rigby is gothic yet also it contains a stark realism.   A fantastic album, if 'a day in the life' had not been on the Pepper album, Revolver would be the better of the two.
B002JVWR4U|5.0|Just want to get this out there so it's timely: I purchased Dollhouse Season 2 as a Christmas gift...when we tried playing it on several DVD players the screen displayed a message \\"Not Formatted for Your Region.\\" Returned it to Amazon and when the replacement came, still had the same problem.     I'm still waiting for word from Amazon Customer Service that a new batch of this collection that really is Region 1 is available!    My initial purchase was early Dec 2010 and the replacement was New Years 2011.
B002BU0DPE|4.0|I have just purchased my 3rd pair within a little more than a year.  I even bought 2 pair as gifts.  Now the headphones are great.  They sound good and they are comfortable.  I play C.O.D. for hours without my ears hurting.  I also use them for computer games and skype.  They work very well but they are fragile.  The first pair I had I sat on them and one of the ears stopped working.  I couldn't find where the short was to attempt to repair.  This last time, the controller piece (the game and chat volume etc.) was lodged on the side of my chair in the cushion.  I took the headphones off and stood up and the felt the resistance from it being lodged.  I thought nothing of it being a light cushion and gave them a little tug and they came out.  Well the left ear went out.  I opened the controller portion and saw the blue cable was loose.  I fiddled with it for a minute but couldn't find out where to connect it back to the board inside.  So here I am buying my 3rd pair for my personal use.  5th pair over all.  Again I like the headset but they are fragile so be gentle with them.  I hope this helps.  Enjoy.
B00377V6J2|5.0|The DVD audio quality is much better than the CD's. The CD sounds overly compressed, but is still listenable. The video is very good quality for a 28 year old video.    Both of these guys are terrific Blues singers and guitarists. Their styles are different, but absolutely super!    I highly recommend!
B003EI2EH2|3.0|This book was all over the map. I bought this book to learn his view on eating healthy and fitness. I really had no interest in learning how to stimulate a woman. Seriously.. odd. Tim tried to put his spin on conquering life (in his view) in one book. Tim's physique would be best described as lean/toned. This can easily be done using programs/books like Body for Life etc. You don't need his complicated methods to 'cheat the system' . His methods are a bit ridiculous and definitely not 'easy'.  The title '4 hour body' is also a bit misleading. This book is for people who don't want to do the usual grind of going to the gym, learning about proper nutrition, and making positive changes in one's life.<br /><br />I gave it 3 stars because it is packed with content that i'm sure is valid. Not sure if realistic. I also find it funny how he assumed his audience is straight men. Oh Tim.. such a foolish mistake. As someone who is 35, worked out for years, and have gone from a 35 waist to 29 waist, gotten ripped, etc..  I've done it all, and this book is just really a misleading guide to health. I suggest misleading because he doesn't give you 'the plan' .. he gives you a list of endless options. I remember when i was 24, i had just ended a relationship, i was overweight, i knew nothing about the gym.. I bought a book (previously mentioned) that gave me a step by step guide with goals, expectations etc. It took me from square one to my final result. This book is just trying to be everything for everyone. So if you want an interesting read or reference guide on 'new tricks' try it out. I assume those would buy this are doing so because they want true change. I just don't think this is the answer.
0786955570|5.0|My 10yr and 8yr olds (and I) have really enjoyed this game so far.  Easy to pick up and great detailed artwork and production.
0143039504|4.0|The book was in great condition and I love the fact that all the books are in one volume.  It was a Christmas gift for a Jane Austen lover.  However, I ordered on the 11th and didn't get it till the 24th.  I am happy it arrived before Christmas but it did in fact arrive a day after the Christmas party in which my friend was suppose to receive it.
0385342039|5.0|This was kinsellas first book i read and i loved it!! its easy to read, u always want to know more i totally recommend it!
030746363X|5.0|This is a simple guide to hacking the body.  There are so many little details I thought would take years figuring out.  Now my 2-year development goals could probably be reached in about six months.    I read his last book and my life changed in some awesome ways.  It's kind of fun going back and doing it again with the body!
B001974DG0|5.0|I remember reading this book when it first came out way back when.I always wanted to read it again but never realy tried to find it although i know i could of here on Amazon or other places so when Santa brought me a Kindle for Xmas its the very first book i bought and finished it that night. The only bad thing is now i have to wait to get my Kindle back because the wifes reading it now and shes not as fast of a reader as i am.I think its one of the best if not the best Koontz books and i highly recommend it
B003WJQ74E|5.0|this is a very intresting book and you dont have to change yourself to be smart.otherwise,your just stupider then charlie gorden!
B002BU0DPE|5.0|I bought a pair used and they looked brand new. I've been using them for a few months now, and I recommend them to anyone with a ps3, computer, or xbox. I've only used mine with my ps3, but they are compatible with all 3 formats.
B002SJKWZ4|4.0|Challenging, I didn't play with it enough to get good and the batteries were dead out of the box but I was pleased with it as a gift for \\"someone who has everything\\". Service and delivery were both good before Christmas.
B004HV54TU|5.0|I love my mouse! I got it because I was developing carpal tunnel syndrome, and within two days I can see a major difference in my symptoms. In addition to looking VERY COOL, it functions very well. It was so easy- USB plug and use with no CD or installation. I find it to be very precise. Took a little getting used to the right click being one finger over since there are three buttons across the side rather than just R & L like I was used to but that was no problem. The ONLY word of caution is that I tried it with a silicone mouse pad, and it didn't work AT ALL. Another mouse pad made it very jerky and unreliable, but it works extremely well with a run-of-the-mill free vinyl mousepad I got from a pharmaceutical company a few years back. So, if you try it and have a problem, try a different mouse pad before returning it! LOVE this thing!!!
B000FJGWBC|5.0|Jessica Alba prancing around in a Bikini on Blu-Ray.  My lifes goal has now officially been completed.  Great quality DVD and hours of great scenery.
0439023513|2.0|This is a review of the third book of the Mockingjay the third book in the hunger games trilogy.  The first book Hunger Games, I liked. The second book Catching Fire, I tolerated.  But this the third book, I hated. I know that is a strong word, but I truly feel that way.  I have never been more frustrated reading a book than I was with Mockingjay.    After reading Hunger Games (the first book), I had to start reading Catching Fire, right away.  Hunger Games was a creative orignal premise and mostly well written.  But during Catchin Fire,  I found myself putting my Kindle down and walking away because I was so frustrated with the author. I managed to get through it and was seriously contemplating not reading Mockingjay. But I had to see how it all ended and dove right in.  From the beginning I knew I was going to hate the book.  I know this was written for a somewhat younger audience, (I am 27), but I don't think the author believes her readers have any intelligence. And the heroine of the story, Katniss, I found her excruciating during this book.  Not only did I want her to die in this book, I wanted to be the one to kill her.  Nothing played out the way it should have.  Katniss was a sniveling, whining, little girl, not the same girl who 'won' the Hunger Games.  As another reviewer said, she was just a pawn in everybody elses agendas. She had no real thoughts or ideas her own. And (spoiler, skip to next paragraph) her and the others voting to make another Hunger Games with the kids of the evil citizens of the Capitol? Ridiculous.  No way in whatever passes for Hell in Panem would that happen.  That single moment is what made me hate this book. There were several other moments that royally upset me though, including her and her team not even making it to the presidents mansion and her shooting Coin instead of Snow. There was absolutely no discussing really why she did that or the aftermath.  There was a so called trial, but we never got anything from that.  All we were told was she was found not guilty, no reasons were given for this AT ALL. Also her being 'imprisoned' back in her house and then she lived happily ever after?  No. Was not believable at all after all we had been given before this.      The author would jump over important events in one sentence.  One second something exciting is going on, and the very next sentence it would be the next day.  She wouldn't even wait for the next paragraph.     I would not recommend this book to anyone. But if you were like me and had to see how it all ended, then go ahead and read it but bear in mind, that it is a frustrating read, and you better have the time to finish all at once, because if you put it down, you may not want to finish it.
6304779607|5.0|This movie arrived as advertised.  It's obviously converted from VHS, but the quality is very good, not grainy at all.  Would definitely recommend.
0374158460|1.0|I heard Franzen talk at a book fair last year - he's a good speaker and had some very interesting comments about how authors challenge themselves and grow with their books (he noted however that authors like Elmore Leonard keep writing the same book over and over.)    Maybe he challenged himself too much with this book.  It was a slow, laborious account of a family's problems.  There were no memorable scenes or characters.  Once you're done reading, it's hard to really say what the point was.
B000AMJC2K|3.0|The mount was pretty much as advertised and it works pretty well. The up-down motion of the arm that connects to the monitor is somewhat limited in that height of the monitor can go from horizontal up -- but not below horizontal. This means that if you mount the arm above a desk -- like on shelf just above a desk -- you can't bring the monitor down low enough to be comfortable.    My major complaint was a broken screw. The stiffness of the swing arm is controlled by how tight a screw is tightened. In my case the head of that screws was broken off. It was obviously over tightened at the factory and shipped out as is. Not enough of an issue to send it back (25 cents at the HW store) but irritating none the less.
B002KQ6BT6|4.0|I really did love this book. Although I do agree that all of Brown's other books, including Digital Fortress and Deception Point were better than this one, it was still a great book. I couldn't put it down when I managed to find time to read.
B003XQRZ7E|3.0|I have been a Fan Of Glenn Hughes For the past 2 Decades, And I have been witness to ( My Knowledge )<br />Most every thing He has released, As well as an Fan Of Joe Bonamasa, & Jason Bonham. I anxiously waited<br />for the release of this recording. I watched every Video Update from Glenn's fan site, and read every review.<br />Well,. Im sorry to say.. In my opinion, The release DOES NOT... LIVE UP TO THE HYPE.. YES...There are a few<br />Good songs.. But the rest of the release.. Is fair to middle of the road.. I wish I had waited, and Picked up<br />a Used copy. If. you can pick up a Used copy,  By all means.. Go for it. But.. Lower your expectations, and you<br />wont be disappointed. My condolences in advance for the grim report. But that is My Honest Opinion.
B002ZCY7SW|4.0|I love this show!  Best Suspense Thriller Ever!  I'm presently going through 24 withdrawl and I'm watching the series on DVD all over again.  My only criticism of the season eight DVD is that I would have liked more interviews with the cast (past and present); better extras.  That's the reason I gave this 4 stars.
B00004UEDR|5.0|I first saw this movie in a \\"Substance Abuse Theories\\" class. I liked it so well that I wanted to see it again and purchased a copy for my home. It is a realistic, yet comical look at drug/alcohol rehab. It is enlightening as well as entertaining.   Sandra Bullock is convincing and believable as usual. It is well worth the price. Denise Massey
B002ZG9788|3.0|The original 'clash of the titans' is a fanstastic movie story wise. Some dumb people today might criticize the old style effects which were fading away quickly but were a artform in themselves: stop motion animation that is, in fact by the time I met a effects guy from hollywood,  who was dying of lung cancer in 1995, and who had worked on lots of these movies going back to the 50's, it was gone even from the lowest budget movies. This one has the modern cgi effects that were undreamed of in the originals 1980 movie, but it has no soul, it's like a mindless movie without any characterization or depth. The first one has characters that matter though. THis is still enjoyable in that we watch these greek heroes battle fierce mythological creatures with fantastic modern effects. Which are not as true a artform s the stop motion stuff but still looks more realistic. It's just that they didn't understand what made the first one a hit was the acting and characters. You had alot of great actors in the first one and a fun telling , here it's little talking and lots of action , this is a b movie with a higher budget and that's ok though. Still I remember the classic and can't give it more than three stars.  the blu ray looks awesome though!  Blu ray is usually the only way to go and that's true here for certain. the 3d however is much like \\"i robot\\" a converted 2d movie and those never look as good as a movie shot in 3d.
B002ZG981E|4.0|This product was a Christmas gift for a close friend of mine. The price I paid for the video combo pack was a steal compared to the prices I found in local entertainment stores. Plus with this specific version of Inception, it includes a Blueray version of the film, a DVD version of the film, and a digital download as well. Also, the delivery day of the product was early which I appreciated since it was a Christmas gift. Most of all, the product I received was exactly what I thought I was purchasing; not misleading.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|I really enjoyed the Percy Jackson series so I couldnt wait to read another book by my favorite author, Rick Riordan. The Lost Hero blew me away! This book was full of excitement and mystery with som of that Riordan hmor we all love mixed in. This is a MUST READ for all Riordan fans and other book lovers alike.
B002ZG99NG|5.0|Ben Affleck brings Chuck Hogan's Prince of Thieves from the page to the screen effortlessly, with a confident direction of a great cast including himself.  It was even better the second viewing, where one can sink into performances such as Jeremy Renner's Cagney-esque bravado, and the subtle nuances of Affleck's self-direction as Doug McCray. The soundtrack never overwhelms unlike Scorcese's otherwise fine film set in Boston.  But Boston is most definitely Affleck's Town.
B004C387RY|5.0|This is an excellent audio book.  My kids and I listened to it on a 10 hour ride home from Grandma's house during the holidays.  The kids were perfectly quiet and listening intently during the whole ride.  This is an excellent recording and an excellent book.  I can't wait till next time we go to Grandma's we will listen to book 2 in the series.
B004DK5CYM|5.0|I LOVE this movie. Period. It is not totally true to Secretariat's life, but it gives the great sense of how really special Secretariat was. This movie is special too. It is a movie for everyone.
B0002V7O3S|4.0|I listened to an interview on the radio with one of the real persons from this story.  I had never heard about this ocurrance before and I was intrigued.  I found the video for sale on Amazon, and purchased it.  I watched it a day or two after I received it in the mail.  It was interesting.  I am not sure if I believe the whole story or not.  They claim truth, and all evidence leads to the fact it is true.  It's interesting.  I was not able to find the movie anywhere else, I'm glad I was able to find it here.
B001GZ6QEC|3.0|This is a very nice movie and Bluray disc quality is excellent.But Packing not good.Amazon didnt ship me the bluray with Hard Paper Cover.That not good.It suppose to come with that perticular cover.So dont go with the pictures shown for the disc discription.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|this book was one of the finest pieces of litrature that i have ever read. it is great because it is a series so i have another book to look foreward to once i have read the last. although this was a great book i would not recommend this book to anyone under the age of twelvr brcause at some points it could be a little bit depressing for them at times. this book is about s gitl named Kattniss Everdeen. she lives in a normal place except every year there is a unique event called the reaping. at thia time two names,a boy's and a girls name are called. then they will be tossed into an arena where they will be forced to kill eachother. they will fight for food and wepons. as you might have gussed, katniss' name was called. the boy who's called is named peeta melark. this is bad for katniss because in the past, peeta has been nice to her. in addition to peeta and katniss, names were drawn from twelve other districts. the hunger games take place because thr bad guys the capiotal are reminding people whos in charge. read this book to find out about the reast.                   Advice to readers: dont get attached to any charecters or you will be very disipointed.
B003AYBC6E|1.0|I'm really disappointed in this LP reissue (and the other 3 by Tom Waits)    Pressed at RTI, the LP's are flat, thick and quiet, the sleeves are thick and look good.  The music is great (it's a Tom Waits record), but the sound is so dull and lifeless, it hurts my ears.    I compared it to the cd and a German repress from 2003 or so, it's awfull.    I will update this review if I get a better pressing, hope so.
B003DZX3SA|5.0|possibly the best disney movie ever! I purchased this for our 4 year old daughter and she loves it. However, like with all disney movies, the scary scenes are a bit much for her to handle by herself. And - again like with all other movies - and age appropriate :-) - it sparks about a thousand questions... Great movie, I don't mind watching it over and over. Music is fabulous too!
B000VBIGD6|5.0|This is my favorite Christmas movie ever!  If you don't laugh throughout this movie, you should have your head examined.  Uncle Eddie is hysterical and gross all at the same time.
0803732287|4.0|This is one of our favorite books. We love the rhyme and artwork. All books by this author we have read so far a wonderful. The only thing with this book is that the pages of it are rather thin and already have been doctored up with tape... Wonderful read to me times with this book, and it didn't take but a few readings before our now four year old recited huge parts of it while in the car or at the dining table :-)
B002PNAY9C|3.0|i think it was ok. but it was supposed to be the last one. and now christopher will  take another two years to get the &#34;last&#34; one out
B003V4AK8E|4.0|I love my PS3 and Xbox 360. However, when it came to games that were on both consoles, I'd always get it for my Xbox 360 because of the controller. I think the Xbox 360 controller is pretty much perfect for anyone with big hands, me included. When i used my PS3 controller after an hour or 2, my hand would hurt and sometimes cramp, which was never the case with Xbox 360 controller.<br /><br />I bought this because I wanted to get back in to Killzone 2 online. I stopped playing because i could only play for a little bit before my hand started hurting. Also, it was a cheaper alternative than the [[ASIN:B001O89YTU XCM Cross Battle adapter plus RUMBLE]] or the Cross Battle Adapter 2.0, both seemed like the next best options. But both required that i buy another controller for my Xbox 360 which i didn't want to do.<br /><br />So after receiving this, I can say that its a great controller. I'll break it down for an easier format to read:<br /><br />PROS:<br />*Backlight is a nice touch on buttons<br />*Solid feel, doesn't feel cheap, though it is fairly light<br />*The left and right sticks feel tight and not floppy like some 3rd party controllers<br />*Great size for people with big hands<br />*the left and right sticks are reversed (like the 360 controller)<br />*havent experienced any dropped connections. I even tested this by putting a pillow over the controller with my knees up and under a blanket and i could still play.<br /><br />CONS:<br />*this isn't a big deal to me, but the texture of the controller is kind of weird. I've read that it has hurt peoples' hands...are you guys giving it s death grip or what? I grabbed it extremely hard and moved it around in my hand and it didn't cut or hurt my hand...?<br />*the triggers (R2/L2) aren't triggers like the Xbox 360 controller, which is another thing i love about that controller, but they are improvements over the DualShock controller in my opinion<br />*turns PS3 off, but can't turn it on...? weird.<br /><br />Overall:<br />I highly recommend this controller to any one with big hands and looking for an alternative to the DualShock for the PS3. I have not experienced any \\"dead zones\\". The texture is a bit weird, but overall, very satisfied.<br /><br />UPDATE: after going back to my old controller and seeing how it would compare, I have noticed SLIGHT deadzones, but i would still consider this a worthy purchase.for an alternative to the DualShock for the PS3. I have not experienced any \\"dead zones\\". The texture is a bit weird, but overall, very satisfied.    UPDATE: after going back to my old controller and seeing how it would compare, I have noticed SLIGHT deadzones, but i would still consider this a worthy purchase.
030746363X|5.0|This book is classic Tim Ferris.  Easy to use, backed up with facts and real-life experiences.  Although I was aware of some of the eating tips, it gave clearer reasons for eating in the manner described in the book.  It's actually a fantastic reference book, and I've already used it that way.  Combined with some of the physical activity (kettlebells) described in the book, my 50 year-old body is being reshaped daily.  I can't wait to post my before and after photos!  Thanks Tim!  Really love it!
0670034711|2.0|The author may be an intelligent writer, but this piece is very depressing and seems to have too much focus on the authors life and it comes across as quite selfish. A me, me, me story. I am only into the second CD and want to take it back to the library. I am glad to have not wasted any money on this one.
B002N5N5M0|4.0|Great set arrived without any problems.  We're happy with it other than the problem with disc #2.  Fortunately we have both a standard and blueray player and were able to watch disc #2 on our standard machine.  If you are curious - we did try cleaning both the disc and blue ray - but it didn't correct the problem.
0451205766|5.0|I highly recommend this book. I love the movies, but of course the book is even better. The Godfather truly sets the example of a strong leader and does not flaunt what he has. Great read!
B00280LYIC|5.0|The Lightning Thief was a great book by Rick Riordan, which surprised me because it was one of his first books.He portrays an action hero through the eyes of an American teenager, which can be difficult to do in a book about Greek Mythology.  I find this book to be a good read for every kid because of the amount of action and mystery. There are some slight twists of humor, making it even more understandable for kids, but it might help to read up on your Greek Mythology a bit before reading this series.  Percy had a hard time in this book with several things: evil minions, traps, monsters, and, and most of all trying to figure out why someone wants to stop him from saving the world. Percy's hardships are similar to many of those faced by kids today (but not so dramatic). I give this book 2 thumbs up, and I hope you enjoy it too!
0393078299|5.0|Brilliant. Everything a science book should be. Easily the best explanation of difficult quantum concepts that I've read. Kumar really makes an effort to help you really understand the science instead of the all-too-common \\"scientists believe\\" handwaving from the likes of Stephen Hawking. Plus, the historical context is a real treat, and perfectly complents the technical stuff. If you've ever wanted to get your head around \\"wave-particle duality\\" or understand jokes about Sch...moreBrilliant. Everything a science book should be. Easily the best explanation of difficult quantum concepts that I've read. Kumar really makes an effort to help you really understand the science instead of the all-too-common \\"scientists believe\\" handwaving from the likes of Stephen Hawking. Plus, the historical context is a real treat, and perfectly complents the technical stuff. If you've ever wanted to get your head around \\"wave-particle duality\\" or understand jokes about Schroedinger's Cat, then this is the book to read.
0689853491|5.0|When my kids were little this was one of there favorite books. One of my children did an oral reading of it in highschool in a speech class since she enjoyed it so much. I now give it to everyone I know who has little kids so they can enjoy it as well.
030746363X|4.0|Awesome book with some great conventional-wisdom-shattering advice. Tim is clear and precise on how he accomplishes the feats and what training/regime he was on at the time.   Even if you're not trying to lose weight or pack on muscle, it's an interesting read for the curious - e.g. How do you go from running 5ks to 50k in only 3 months??   Buy a copy and find out...
B000JIHP88|5.0|I received this as a hand me down--it's been through 3 babies so far!  It works great and my son loved it!  He's 9 months now and doesn't really pay attention to it anymore, but from months 2 though 7 this mobile made putting him to bed so much easier.  The sound level and brightness of it have been perfect.  He really enjoyed watching the leaved open and shut and the music is very calming.  It is now getting softer, but I haven't changed the batteries in 7 months so I think a quick battery change would fix it.  I would recommend to anyone!
0307272702|2.0|Save your money and just dig up and dust off your old copy of The Atkins Diet.  It's the exact same diet.
B003UESJHE|5.0|One hopes, when choosing to view a movie, that it will be worthy of their time and money; this one IS MOST WORTHY.  My husband and I, accompanied by my mother who is 80 years young, went to view this truly wonderful film over the Christmas holiday.  At the end, as the credits began to roll, we looked at each other and said, \\"Buying it!\\"; I have already requested notification of its release from Amazon.  If the world were truly FAIR and JUST, this would \\"sweep\\" at the Oscars.  Alas, Quality rarely wins over popularity or politics, but by heavens it deserves to win it all.  Acting - FABULOUS!  Story - Charming, Insightful and Fascinating.  Direction - Meticulous.  A truly enjoyable look at the human side of the royals and what things were like behind the scenes during a very tumultuous time in our world's history.  Having lived through those years, Mom wanted to turn around and go right back inside to view it again.  This rare delight is based on the actual story and eventual deep friendship of two very unlikely participants.  Colin Firth, Geoffrey Rush, and Helena Bonham Carter share the same adjective: BRILLIANT!!!  If you enjoy historical dramas at all, please give this one deep consideration.      BRAVO!  BRAVO!  BRAVO!
B000TEMRXA|5.0|Not only do I like this collection, I love it!  Great CD for the Huey Lewis enthusiast.  A must have for your collection.
B002ZG97EC|5.0|You and your kids will get a kick out of this movie!  Teaches a good lesson about how even the most evil people can have a change of heart :)  Very funny and entertaining.
B003HARV7A|5.0|A great film that got bashed hardocre in theaters, very good ramatic, detail and one of Elizabeth's best scences!   It's a good film and nice to relax too almost soap opera like!
0062004352|5.0|This book is so amazing. I encourage everyone to read this and follow by the other books in this series. I love the writer style in desribing everything. I really felt like I was in the moment of the story. Angela the main character is so funny. Alex one of Angela's love interest is so hot in the story. You will have to read and found out what makes this book such a good read.
0321544080|5.0|This book is absolutely fantastic and is one of the essential reads for any photographer.<br />What it is: An insight with examples to the thinking and technicals of how a fantastic shooter makes an image that tells a story with impact.<br />What it is not: a beginners book with step by step walk through.<br /><br />This book is a must read, but you will gain so much more once you have the fundamentals of photography under your belt.<br /><br />Joe also has a way of writing and speaking that is truly entertaining regardless of content which makes the read twice as good.<br />Highly recommended for anyone
030746363X|5.0|Tim's book is jammed packed full of ways to hack the human body - get the results you want with minimum fuss and effort, medical and exercise norms be damned. In my case its hacking off fat, for others its sculpting a body or having mind blowing sex. I'm sure there is something in there for everyone, from the mild little tweaks to your daily life to complete life changing methods.<br /><br />I've already lost 8 kilograms since finishing Tim's book on New Years day, time for a new pair of jeans.
B0047VEE0U|5.0|I just received my copy of the collector's edition and I think it's really beautiful. The music is as usual amazing: I really admire Desplat's work on the movie and from the interview, it looks like he really is in his element. I don't know how you people see it as a disappointment: it seems that lately, Potter fans are just bashing Potter for no reason! Anyway, I think it's juts beautiful. Period.
1439181780|3.0|Second book by Rhonda Byrne.I liked very much the secret despite some camps over the reading.It was a good one and i had  very successful moments by <<feeling good>>.This book its almost the same, the difference is that for the law of attraction  we have the name the power of love.Well its full of fluff talk (70%) and it doesn't has so many different points for a lot of people as secret had.There are some points that i like very much but also some points that  sound ridiculous. I agree with the point that if you think  and feel <<Life is really good to me>> you will attract back to you all people, circumstances and events that will make life really good for you.Also you have to talk about the good news of the day. The better you feel the better life gets -> BUT i believe that you must have a logic and a high level of mind (you can behave like a lunatic and <>that you are happy -> but you aren't truly). I liked very much the point where if you feel ok its not so good . Good its only when you feel good. I don't also recommend to be depended so much on your feelings. In another world maybe this is the cure but if in the real world you are so depended then you will have an external locus of control.In response to this have an internal locus of control -> be happy because that's the guy you are despite the other people .There is also another point -> ACTION. If you take action lets say you want to loose weight and you go to the gym then i believe is much faster and you know that you will have a good result than just feeling good about your body and think about the body that you want.I believe that the first thing that matters is action and then feeling good, or even do the right thing despite the feeling.For the very fanatic friends of positive thinking -> isn't it also a form of belief by other people and you the ACTION?   I liked very much the idea of it doesn't matter what is the thing you want , think of it as the size of a dot, because for the force of love, what you want is smaller than a dot. Dont think it as a big thing. And most importantly don't take life so seriously  I liked the point where it says don't resist bad feelings (because they come back more tough) just don't pay too much attention.  I know that i am a little judger but > Are you choosing the things you love or are you too busy judging and labeling the bad things as this book says?    What i very very much liked is the point <<Dont listen if someone says you are limited in any way.Dont listen if someone says you cant have what you love or do what you love or be what you love)  A very good think is also to be grateful about what you have (i don't know if this thing is effective -> its a little difficult for me to be grateful in every day life)II will give it a try.    On the other way i find a little ridiculous that people who won the lottery are people who felt with all their heart that would win the lottery.I believe that there are many many people who wish with all their heart to win it and they have loose.And also if this is true -> how much opportunities do you have to believe that you will win and win?    I also find very ridiculous the thing that anything happens for a reason to the extreme example given by the book that if you see policemen and police cars you must become alert.Become alert and tell to yourself what does this mean, maybe a message that's something out of order in your life............because police represents the law...ISN'T IT RIDICULOUS?    Thats why i gave 3.5 stars to the book.It has very good and very ridiculous ideas.  I also highly recommend to check [[ASIN:0470095229 Simpleology: The Simple Science of Getting What You Want]] I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT
B004C3DLJS|4.0|Very well done. Story line was reinvented instead of rehashing the same old stuff. The movie had a much more serious tone than the first one.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|My wife and I play Setters all the time. (of which she almost always beats me, and no I am not a bad player)    This game is great. It's replay value is tremendous. It's the best board game since sliced bread, well sliced bread is not a board game, you get my point.    It takes a while to learn the rules and object of the game, but once you do you can play all the time. And games don't last 1+ hours like monopoly. I would recommend this game to anyone that wants to have fun with the whole family. Well, by having fun I mean wants to win, cuz some games could get heated, especially if you play your wife :)
0380799006|2.0|I found this book extremely unhelpful.  I didn't want to give it just one star, because I want to acknowledge that there ARE families for whom this book is beneficial.  But it's definitely not helpful for everyone.  The advice and examples just were not applicable for our family, with my children's temperment and personalities.  The advice given is based on the assumption that your children have fairly compliant and cooperative personalities to begin with. For example, when two children are fighting over a toy, the author's suggestion is that the parent intervine with a comment along the lines of, \\"I see two children who want the same toy.  What are some ways that we can work this out so that you both are happy?\\" at which time the children are then supposed to begin brainstorming ideas such as, \\"We could take turns,\\" and \\"We could share the toy.\\"<br /><br />But the book never addresses the all-too-frequent scenario that takes place when the children's response to the question is, \\"I don't CARE if she's happy; I want the toy!!\\" or \\"We can work it out by her giving me the toy!!\\"<br /><br />It is suggested that, if the children have difficulty coming up with solutions, the parent offer some ideas, but again, no mention is ever made of the fact that some kids will respond with rejection of any offered solution:  \\"You could take turns with the toy.\\"  \\"Okay, I get it first!\\"  \\"No, *I* get it first!!\\"<br /><br />If your kids are already getting along fairly well and have compliant, easy-going personalities, this book is probably quite helpful. But if you're dealing with persistent sibling arguing, the advice can be infuriating, because it all rests on the assumption that your kids are going to happily participate in a conflict-resolution session every time they are angry with each other.
B0015DROBO|5.0|this book was amazing! it starts off alittle slow but overall the bst book ive read in a long time! i definately recommend the entire series.
030746363X|4.0|I got the 4HB as a gift for contributing to Ferriss' blog about a year ago - and I am so glad I wrote that comment!     This book is great - it's a highly entertaining, well-written exploration of the human body and current (mis)conceptions about it. Ferriss' skepticism about everything that we hold as true is refreshing - he has obviously done the legwork (or had thousands of his minions do the legwork) to try to debunk or validate novel ideas. The other underlying theme - determining the Minimum Effective Dose for everything from building muscle to quick fat loss - will be helpful for the most time-strapped of us.    It's a great read and absolutely hilarious as well. I laughed out loud in several sections.    Great book!
