6305171769|5.0|The better sequel of Mike Myers since Halloween 2 (1981). We have a suspense and horror like the original (1978). Jamie Lee, excelent. I will hope that she return in a new chapter.. Sorry my poor english! :)
B00000I924|5.0|Beck`s here and ready for the next century. I`m a guitar player myself and it never cease`s to amaze me how Jeff Beck can change, create, invent new ways to play his guitar.I`ve seen him live 5 times in the last 30 years...  the live cut on &quot;Who Else&quot; pretty much sums up his ability. My  son who`s 13 took notice of this CD! Jeff Beck has only one flaw as a  musician... new music every 4-6 years!
6305171769|5.0|This is an awsome sequel. One of very few in todays world. The story line was strong &amp; to the point, The acting by Jamie Lee Curtis &amp; Company was superb. This is the must see sequel. Cant wait until part 8 although  JLC wont be in it.And of course people we all know Michael isnt dead.
0780623703|5.0|This was a wonderful movie.  It starts when a brother and sister are fighting over the remote control.  They are magically transported to Pleasantville, where an old black and white tv show takes place.  They try  to help the townspeople show their true emotions.  When they do show their  true emotions, they change from black and white to color.  This movie was a  true visual deight!  I love the contrast of the grey and the color  together.
0385493800|2.0|The first three chapters were funny.  It trails off and becomes boring.  If you are going to read this book borrow a friend's.  This is from a true Grisham fan.
B000007T1M|5.0|The first time that I listened to SOAD, I didn't like it that much. But after the second time it sounded better. Now I love it. ....I guess you need to get used to the craziness.
0875845851|5.0|I had heard rave reviews of this book before I read it, and now, I strongly encourage others to read it too.  The idea is stunning.  It offers a new perspective on why companies &quot;stall&quot;.  The idea is that by  focusing too much emphasis on current customer needs, companies fail to  adapt to new technologies that will meet customers' future needs.  He calls  these &quot;disruptive technologies&quot;.  It reminds me a little of Andy  Grove's inflection points, except those are not limited to technologies.   It sounds like Prof. Christensen agrees and suggests that to succeed, you  should be first with the disruptive technology.  What is most startling  about this book is that the well done research looked at the highest  technology companies, who should have been developing the next generation  technologies.  Clearly, this calls for a different model of how to succeed  in business. In &quot;THE 2,000 PERCENT SOLUTION&quot;, the inability of  the existing companies to do this is called a &quot;stall&quot;, much like  Professor Christiansen's barriers to entry for the established firms.  The  Tradition Stall describes the perils of not questioning how and why things  have been done the same way for decades.  For example, one required change  will be to update the financial system and resource allocation process that  companies use today which hinders investing and does not accurately capture  cost and returns..  Similarly a company that prides itself on focusing on  customer needs may not have a good process to develop possible future needs  of customers and translate them into new technologies that would be better,  easier and cheaper technologies to satisfy those needs.  Clearly a new  management process is required.  Professor Christensen begins to take us  through this thinking using the electric car example.  The process  described in &quot;THE 2,000 PERCENT SOLUTION&quot; takes a complementary  approach.  It teaches how to create the ideal solution to solve a problem,  or, for example, serve customer's current and future needs, to achieve  twenty times the benefits or get there twenty times as fast.  The  &quot;disruptive technology&quot; becomes necessary as the way to get  there. Read &quot;THE INNOVATOR'S DILEMMA&quot;.  It will become part of  the standard business vocabulary.
B000001ESN|5.0|Rush's music transcends the rock music scene and sets itself apart as almost a music form of its own. I can't say that I have ever heard another band who even tries to attempt to emulate their music, which is good  because it should be left to those who know what they are doing, Neil, Alex  and Geddy. The songs Entre Nous and Natural Science literally takes the  listner away. There is no comparison to this music and this is arguably  their best album, of which there are many. Sit back in a dark room and  listen. This is music to revitalise your soul.
B000002KOO|5.0|Others have said it already, but it bears repeating: THIS IS AN ABSOLUTE CLASSIC that's been all-but-forgotten in the wake of the chart-busting &quot;American&quot; version of the Mac.<br />A pair of stellar songwriter/guitarists show how to share the glory and make great music. Peter Green deservedly stands front and center with his highly-personal take on the blues -- just try to keep his pure emotions -- especially his sadness (madness?) -- from pulling you in. And Danny Kirwan complements Peter's ever-Green sounds with his own distinctive, hypnotic blend of voice and guitar. (Jeremy Spencer, though still nominally a band member, is apparently unheard on this recording... though listening to the sheer volume of sound on the &quot;Madge&quot; jams, one can only wonder if he didn't show up at the studio somewhere along the way.)<br />This album is filled with blues-drenched, soulful, melodic, powerful, lyrical music. It's also an upgrade that offers a corrected running order and songs that had been dropped from the US LP release. (My original Reprise LP, as many US versions of imported work did at the time, listed one cycle of songs on the album sleeve and another, abridged one on the record itself.)<br />33+ years on, &quot;Then Play On&quot; sounds as fresh as ever (even if your tastes have changed). The band kept changing, making plenty of great music over the years, but to these ears, they never equalled or surpassed this effort.<br />If music be the fruit of love, then play on, indeed! Buy it! You won't be disappointed!
B000002HPV|5.0|This is a stunning album. I relax and take a bubble bath while listening to it every night! The strings are awesome, plus you have Bjork's incredible voice growling away. You have to have it!!
B00000DF6O|5.0|I have been waiting all my life to experience a work of wonder like this album. NOBODY before could produce anything close to this recording, and I doubt in ANYONE (even the MAESTRO himself) will be able to repeat a gift  like this to the world. <br />DONT CHECK IT OUT / JUST GET IN AS SOON AS  POSSIBLE, BLUES FAN or NOT!!!! <br />I CAN NOT SINGLE OUT A SPECIAL SONG ON  THIS ALBUM AS EVERY CUT IS A GOLDEN ONE.    THANK YOU MR B.B KING!!
6305308659|5.0|Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. Works on every level. Some inspired moments (the ban on coloureds) and however far fetched, totally believable. How many people do you know who are in black and white. Well go and colour  them in! And what will happen next? YOU JUST NEVER KNOW!
630534731X|5.0|I got the liied edition vhs of this movie the first dayui was released and watched it as soon as I got home.<br />WOW!!!!!The transfer was crystal clear (As an earlyier reviewer said, too clear in some places(Visable matte lines  where the matte connects the physical set, Robots wires visiable). The  special effects never looked better and the sound is also very clear for a  70's movie.<br />To all those who say that this is a bad movie, you obviously  were never kids. The Black Hole appeals to kids, but it alsoappeals to  those who like not-overly-complicated Sci-fi. Yeah, the acting and dialoge  arn't great, but that didn't stop you yups from liking Armageddon or  Independence Day or Godzilla.<br />This is a great movie, with an ending  really out-of-character for Disney. I recommend the immeadit purchase of  this movie.
B000002OVJ|5.0|This is the single best live album I've ever heard.  It is a perfect document of what live rock n' roll should sound like.  Pete's power chords and choppy, 10-note solos are perfectly complemented by Entwistle's  ridiculous swirling bass lines.   Moon is insane behind the drum set,  peppering the CD with hilarious chatter in between songs (listen  carefully!) and unfathomable drum cadences.  The sound quality is so good,  it seems like you're on stage with the band (try it in headphones!).  The  versions of &quot;Can't Explain&quot; and &quot;Substitutes&quot; are  superior in every way to the studio versions, and I'll take this version of  &quot;Amazing Journey/Sparks&quot; over the one on Tommy any day.  A  thrilling CD.
0800196341|4.0|Wow--I think Branagh did a fantastic job portraying Prince Hamlet.  Emotions are SO high in this version.  The characters are believable, and I think Shakespeare himself would be proud of it.  Another good  aspect--During long speeches, pictures are shown of what the characters are  discussing for those of us who can't understand the context.
B000002UAF|3.0|As one who grew up on the Beatles, I have the LP soundtrack and this CD does not contain the same music and I can't figure out why. The original has more instrumental music (which is absolutely gorgeous) from the film.  This is the first example of Lennon/McCartney experimenting with full  orchestrations, strings, etc. and the original George Martin-produced  soundtrack is fabulous. I had waited a long time to replace the LP and I  was so disappointed when I finally heard the CD. Does anyone know why they  (EMI/Columbia) did this? The music is still fabulous but the WHOLE thing  would have been the best.
0783229100|5.0|Robert Redford is superb.  And teamed up with Paul Newman makes this quite a film.  Joplin's music added in is a great touch.  I thought I knew what was going on the whole time, just to be blown away by the ending.  I can  watch it over and over again.  The supporting cast also deserves a hand.   Although there aren't many memorbale lines, the entire plot is what's  important, and it's one of the best I've seen.
6305169187|1.0|that's the only way this movie could ever redeem itself from the haphazard, blatantly racist, mindless, sexist, mess that has been splattered across the screen.  I think it might have been almost as bad as  &quot;Batman and Robin,&quot; but Liv Tyler is hotter than Alicia  Silverstone.  You can't even call this piece of trash a &quot;piece of  trash,&quot; much less a &quot;movie.&quot;  However you should buy it;  then burn it.
B000002PC6|5.0|This is the one album that I have consistantly played over and over throughout the years.   It is hard to believe, but it's been 18 years since Olivia released this album and it sounds as good today as it did then.   From the opening track &quot;Landslide&quot; to the closing penned by ONJ  herself, &quot;The Promise(The Dolphin Song)&quot; there's not a track that  I skip.
0451167716|5.0|I normally do not like the book as much as the movie but the book was unbelieveable.  I could not put it down.  I had seen the movie ten times and the book filled me in on things that I had missed.
B000002JSJ|5.0|This album has always been judged with the consideration that Plant, Page and Bonham  were all going through turmoils in their personal lives and  everyone somehow felt an obligation to accept this as a good effort though  none weren't very sure whether they like the  music that much anymore. I  guess this is one of the saddest ironies for Zeppelin as they really wanted  to prove their worth and yes,innovativeness with this  album. This is great  music in itself,not inspite of. The overall feeling of urgency may be  explained by their attempt to push the music forward to somehow give an  answer to,in their own way, the putrid 3-chord garbage of punk bands and  the stupid critics who attempted their best to describe Page and co. as  some extinct species.   <br />'Achilles Last Stand' really demonstrates what  an  awesome drummer Bonham was and how much Page used to depend on him to  create that unique sound. Plant sounds vulnerable and less larger than  life, but nonetheless the great singer he is. The song is,to ride the  cliche,like a journey where the color of the sky, so beatufully painted by  Page, changes into sameness. 'Tea For One' is an way evolved version of  'Since I've been loving you', blues sensibility presented through cutting  edge guitar work. The sublimely funky 'Royal Orleans' and 'For Your Life'  are shining examples of why Bonham and Jones also should get a  lot of  credit for re-defining their sounds every album. And I especially love that  aparently simple, not that fast(he was never for that superficial display  of virtuosity, right?) but extremely effective solo of Page in 'ForYour  Life'. It's sad to see there stil exists superstitious gossip mongers who  absolutely believe in satanic pacts and the so-called 'repenting Plant'  theme.  'Nobody's Fault but Mine' remains one of the greatest songs of all  time. Complex in structure, has a typical air of enigma and mystery and I  guess way too sophisticated in approach to be immensely accesible.<br />The  truth is, unlike most of the rock bands in history, zeppelin has always  evolved forward. And the greatness of Zeppelin doesn't only lie in  'Stairway to Heaven', more importantly lies in the sheer elegance and the  confidence with which they transcended their own majestic universe.
B00000I924|5.0|What can we expect from Jeff Beck? The most brilliant guitar album in the world! You have to listen to that! It's perfect as well as everything he does! That's it! Buy it now!
B00000DMJF|5.0|The White Album is, for lack of a better word, perfect.  Quite possibly The Beatles most complete album The White album touches on country (Rocky Racoon), hard rock (Helter Skelter), ballads (Blackbird), and llulabies  (Good Night) not to mention other influences.  The White Albums' diversity  allows the listener to get a better understanding of the five minds,  including George Martin,  that concieved it.  From the satirical &quot;Back  in the USSR&quot; to the tender &quot;Julia&quot; The White Album is a  timeless masterpiece that will allow future generations to discover and  explore The Beatles.
6302968135|5.0|I THINK EVERYBODY SHOULD WATCH THIS MOVIE CUZ HE'S SOOOOO FINE!!!
B00000I8UD|5.0|I've read on the Sylvian website that Dead Bees on a Cake is a &quot;semi-sequel&quot; to Secrets of the Beehive. I can't vouch for the authenticity of that statement, but after listening to the CD it seems that  David Sylvian is returning to some of the themes, feel and collaborators  (such as Ruichi Sakamoto) that influenced Secrets Brilliant Trees and Gone  to Earth, while at the same time pushing his sound forward into new  territory that has East Indian, Blues and Jazz influences. I Surrender, the  first single (if there is such a thing as a Sylvian single)reminds me of  the Sylvian/Sakamoto song Heartbeat. As with Heartbeat, the addition of  female vocals (provided by Sylvian's wife Ingrid Chavez)on tracks such as  Krishna Blue are a welcome addition to Sylvian's sound. My favorite song at  this time is Midnight Sun which evokes comparisons to Twin Peaks: scary  existential blues (featuring a John Lee Hooker sample). The CD is a return  to the sound of his previous CDs(and of Rain Tree Crow)but is also an  extension of Sylvian's sound into new areas, for example track 11 All Of My  Mother's Names is an exciting departure. I had trouble finding this CD  locally,and the CD really defies a neat category (local hacks had it listed  under new age) but Amazon.com had it to me in 2 days.
6302968135|5.0|PACO IS SOOOO FIRME!!!!!!!I'VE SEEN THIS MOVIE ABOUT A HUNDRED TIMES AND I HAVENT GOTTEN BORED CUZ I ENJOY WATCHING PACO!
0788805843|1.0|We didn't buy this tape. The black gospel music is way out of line for this Greek story. It is not a faithful film. I look at it as a US corporation trying to please a fraction of US population. The love story is  also poorly fabricated. It looks like the production team was trying to  create something mimic Aladin, but it is a failure. I won't miss this film  not in my collection of Disney Classicals.
B00000DD2D|5.0|The other reviewers are right on target.  This is a killer album.  From the first song with Jeff Healy to the last tune with Robert Plant and Jimmy Page, this album kicks butt.  If you play guitar and like to play along  with your records, this one will give you lots of new ideas.  Worth every  penny.
6300214540|5.0|You should never judge a movie beyond its entertainment value unless it is historical. My Top Gun tape is worn out! I don't know whether I should buy another one or not. I love the camera work, the music and the movie stars  in the film. We all growing old, but the memory we share associated with  the film is forever young! Of course, it is fake. The jets actually fly so  fast that no 30 fps film can capture it. I heard the pilot had to slow down  in order to be shot in the film. Nevermind the reality! This is a film, a  great film for entertainment!
B000002KH3|5.0|The Haggar/Roth debate is as old as &quot;who should play Shadow in Ronnie Howard's Summer 2000 Blockbuster, 'Shadowlands: This Time It's For Real' -- Scott Baio or Shadow himself,&quot; but make no mistake, save for Sir  Gregoy Hines, nobody has saved the day for the Shadowlord more than Eddie  Van Halen (who will be making a cameo in the film) usually by soloing on  &quot;Jamie's Cryin'&quot; (also to be featured in the film.)<br />Though the  phrase has become abused and as familar as &quot;May The Force Be With  You,&quot; nothing is as fitting for this album than the catch line for The  Shadowlands Trilogy when describing this opus -- It Rocks The Box.
B00000HZFP|5.0|I admit it; I'm a closet musical junkie. I love cheesy things that are never intended to rock in the rock n' roll sense (see Oklahoma!), but I also am a fiend for rock bravado. I found all of that in Hedwig and the  Angry Inch. Hedwig is beautiful whether or not s/he know it, and the  strength, aggression and power shown by this album makes me feel all tingly  and raw inside. I think it's high time the beauty of glam rock was embraced  for all of its ambiguity and sexuality, not exploited by these pretentious  crappy artists like Marvelous 3 and Trinket. Kudos to you, J.C. Mitchell...  bravo and kick ass, daaahlink!
0671867369|5.0|As a grandchild of one of the men who fought in E Company and survived I must say this is the most fascinating account of my grandfather's experiences that I have ever read.  Also I was glad that the author  reflected the respect shown to Lt. Winters and the scorn shown to Capt.  Sobel by both my grandfather and most of the other members of the company.   I loved this book because it explains things to generations that have never  experienced war, yet still has the opinions of the men who fought the war.   Of all the books on the soldier's experience in WWII that I've read, I  think this one is the best.
6302579449|5.0|Steve Martin and Goldie Hawn are perfectly cast as the two imperfectly matched protagonists in this entertaining movie about a man who wants to impress an old girlfriend by using a yarn-spinning new girlfriend who's set  herself up as his wife.  Even though the end is predictable, this is a fun  flick.  The casting was particularly on target, including even the minor  characters.
6302293553|5.0|I've never seen anything funnier
6302054982|5.0|Yes, it's violent, but it's entertaining violence!  And even the venerated &quot;Godfather&quot; movies can't surpass it in quality, casting, and production values.  This one's a masterpiece, and documents the mob from an  insider's view in a way that portrays it as both exciting and loathsome.   An excellent film!  &quot;Now go home and get your f**king shine box!&quot;
0375707972|1.0|The Reader was a horrible book. It was just this side of pornographic, and kept going on and on about their sexual encounters. Hanna was an interesting character though I thought she was quite undeveloped in  character. I'm surprised at Oprah's selection this time. A lot of her other  recommendations have been very good. I hope she does better next time.
0792139771|5.0|OK, so what if it's not perfectly historic --- this was a great film!  Mel Gibson was perfectly cast as the Scottish hero, and the effort put into this one went above and beyond what Hollywood normally expends.  Not since  the biblical epics of the 50's and 60's have I seen a movie that impressed  me this much!  I loved this film!
B00000DFRS|5.0|Whitney Hosuton does it again. After eight years without a solo release, she comes back with an incredible album full of touching ballads and great hip hop flavoured tracks. On My Love Is Your Love Whitney works with a  variety of music biggest produces to create the album of her life. Key  tracks on the album include &quot;Heartbreak Hotel&quot; her recent top ten  with Kelly Price and Faith Evans. This is the most soulful single in years  and is the best example of an R@B classic. Whitney's oscar award duet with  Mariah Carey &quot;When You Believe&quot; is a powerful song that did not  get the attention it desereved from radio. Whitney's voice is stronger on  the track but Carey delievers an equally emotional performance on a song  that should have been a number one smash. &quot;If I Told You That&quot;  produced by the great Rodney Jerkins is a bouncy hip hop number which will  appeal to a new generation of Whitney fans. Diane Warren lends three tracks  to the album including &quot;I Bow Out&quot; which is produced by both  Jerkins and Babyface (Can You Believe It). The song's incredible bass line  will have you hooked instantly. Another Warren track is &quot;I Learned  From The Best&quot; produced by David Foster. It is a grand ballad which  features Whitney in all her glory, however the track maybe a bit  over-produced. The album's best track Warren's &quot;You Never Stand  Alone&quot;. It is a warm ballad full of lush strings and Whitney  delievering her most laid back perforance since &quot;You Were Loved&quot;  from The Preacher's Wife&quot;. This album has something for everybody and  Whitney proves that she is still one of the best in the business.
6302820448|5.0|Why he's trapped forever in the same day is never explained, but it really doesn't matter in the end!  This was a fun film, and I especially liked the progression regarding Phil Connor's approach toward dealing with his  permanently living the same day over &amp; over.  First, he can't believe  it, then he cynically tries to take advantage of it, before falling into  despair, and finally lifting himself above it all.  It's both an enjoyable  and satisfying experience to witness his &quot;rebirth&quot; as a human  being, although it's really not any kind of serious film!  Bill Murray is  perfectly cast, although I'd have rather seen someone like Meg Ryan in the  female lead, instead of Andie McDowell.  But that's just me.
0767811038|3.0|Hey, I like the way the director TRIED, but I really can't call this film a success.  For one thing, he picked a book that doesn't translate particularly well to the big screen, then changed it so as to make it  almost unrecognizable.  Still, I thought the action was fun, and the  futuristic co-ed showers amusing.
B00000DLVA|5.0|Groovy, because it is okay and I love it
B00000FCBC|5.0|metallica seems to grow with every cd, while some groups only revile in their pasts. A true sign of an artist is to amaze and wow you with each new peice. I look forward to each new metallica cd, and Garage inc is one of my  favorites. What's next?
6300182193|5.0|While not strictly accurate to the original book, it manages to capture the feel of it in a way that the later films did not. Even if you are not a horror fan do give this a try. It is not that gory but it is very well  acted and Langella is perfect as Dracula - even better than Lee !!
6305095566|5.0|This is easily the best horror movie ever made! The story starts off with a bunch of friends heading into the woods to stay at a friends cabin. When they get there they discover a book bound in human flesh, and thats where  the fun starts. Director/writer Sam Raimi spares us no gory details in  documenting the untimely demise of all of the characters. The guts and gore  come fast and furious and you have barely recovered from the last  mind-numbing experience in terror before you are nailed square between the  eyes with another. This is a great movie to help you get a little closer to  the girlfriend!
6305126976|5.0|Casablanca is a classic in so many ways!  It's an eye-opening historical movie illustrating the plight of those refugees trying to escape the war and the Nazis, what was going on in those backwater nations unaffected  directly by war, also an exciting adventure at times of those attempting to  resist, as well as a moving love story, beautifully acted by an incredible  cast! My own favorite scene, when Victor Lazlo leads the nightclub patrons  in a rousing singing of the French national anthem to drown out the  Germans!  One of the great moments in the history of cinema!
0788803743|4.0|Okay, so I'll admit that the story is just painful.  Someof the characters, like the grandmother tree, detract from the story.  But if you look at the movie as a series of seperate elements, you'll find it's better  than the script makes it out to be.  The individual songs are really great  - Alan Menken did a good job with the musical aspect of &quot;Just Around  the Riverbend,&quot; &quot;Colors of the Wind,&quot; and  &quot;Savages,&quot; while Steven Schwartz's lyrics are really great all  around (except for &quot;Listen with your heart&quot; which was simply a  failure all around).<br />The animation itself was far more detailed and  generally just higher quality than all of its predecessors.  Only Lion King  and Hunchback are really comparable for going all-out with graphics.<br />With  all of this going for it, I don't see why people complain so bitterly.   Yeah, it's got a lousy story.  But it &lt;I&gt;is&lt;/I&gt; entertaining.   And even in the worst of Disney's featured animations, there's quality to  be found.  Enjoy it for what it is.
630382336X|5.0|I love this movie as much today as I did back in the sixties when it was first released!  It's like watching a documentary of a day in the life of the Fab Four, only it's a whole lot more entertaining and fun!  No other  musical group has ever reached the level achieved by the Beatles, and when  the movie ends with all those girls screaming hysterically at that  television taping, it's almost like experiencing Beatlemania all over  again!
6302517028|5.0|I have seen this film so many times that it's like an old friend. My favorite moment isn't a comedic one, but instead is an effectively touching one; Venkman turning to Ray as they prepare to battle Gozer, fire and  destruction all around, the only sound that of the flames: &quot;See you on  the other side, Ray.&quot; Awesome; for once a movie smart-aleck who ISN'T  a coward. Why doesn't Columbia...re-release this (in  letterbox)?
B000002MIF|5.0|I was never a fan of The Smiths until I bought this album and listened to it. Once I did, I couldn't stop listening to it, thinking about it, or raving about it to my friends.<br />To all those who are skeptical..take my  advice.  Probably their most well-known song (most played on the radio here  in the states, anyway) is How Soon is Now?  Go ahead and listen to it on  the sampler thing.  That's right...do it right now.,<br />Okay, sound  familiar? I'm sure you've heard it before. I bought this CD on the strength  of that song and on the listener's recommendations.  I just really liked  that song.  I was so blown away by all that the Smiths had to offer.  A  whole new musical door has been opened--and now I'm frantic to buy every  single album they have.<br />This is a great way to get to know and love The  Smiths. All the songs are great, from the catchy upbeat, William it was  REally Nothig to the haunting last track Please, please, let me get what I  want.  <br />This one's gonna stay in your CD deck, I promise you.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|this a great cd to buy.  it is there best.  Well I think s
B000002N25|5.0|Mark Knopfler, like most artists, has his own distinct style.  But unlike most artists, Knopfler maintains his style while allowing each song to be pleasantly unique.
6304140428|5.0|When I first saw this film the language almost grossed me out but it made the film stronger. I was amazed at how Liz and Richard (husband number what...?) could actually stand each other and I wonder if their real-life  intolerance of one another fueled the momentum they put into their  perfomances. However, one may have to know who Virginia Woolf is in order  to fully understand the point of the film. I know I had to. She's an author  whose style of writing had a psychological effect on the reader. These  elements are brought out in the play and movie. Watch for the scene  involving the bitter truth about the couples' sixteen year old son. That  should clear up a few things. However, this film made me laugh, as it  reminded me of how my parents did nothing but fuss and fight and blast each  other down with raring insults and vile cussing. It was a laugh to see Liz  and Richard bicker at each other over little things. The music is also a  plus. It echoes throughout the film after there has been a severe eruption  of lost tempers and screaming fits. It seems to calm the viewer down and  prepare them for more gut-searing verbal wars that have yet to come. Don't  miss Sandy Dennis's drunken dance in the dance hall as she whirls around  totally gone in herself. She deserved her Oscar very much. This will no  doubt embed itself in your memory long after the final shot of the clasped  hands fades into total blackness. Don't miss this one!
B000002UTY|5.0|As an avid collector of music since 1969, Happy Trails has always been one of my favorites.  The epic who do you love has some of the best guitar work of the day and still sound exceptionally good today-- Mona is a great  r&amp;r song and this to me was really a band that defined the sounds of  San Francisco of the late 60&quot;s
B000003TAW|5.0|Rivers Cuomo is really smart, he's at Oxford now.   So the band hasn't broken up.  Listen carefully and find a cool Kerouac reference in &quot;Holiday.&quot;  This just proves how cool the CD really is.
6304233639|1.0|Nothing offends me more than a big budget film that sucks
078322799X|5.0|I am amazed I haven't heard more about this movie.  If you have a good Subwoofer and solid doors in your room you will love this DVD.  The story is entertaining and keeps you involved.  The special effects are extremely  well done but not over done.  If your Sub won't go down to 16 Hz, you won't  hear, or feel, all of the quality.  Buy it, you will love the story,  special effects and especially the sound.  This is a DVD you will want to  experience over and over, if you have a good 5.1 system and Sub.
0780622545|4.0|This is a movie that is nothing less than beautiful to look at. The characters are weak but with film noir style they are suppose to be. One thing though: how the heck did they find all those extra PinHead outfits  from HellRaiser?
6305268835|5.0|This movie is a you can do it movie may be a high price but its great
6302732778|5.0|The directors cut is a must on this. The silly voice over is gone and the ending lifted from old 'The Shining' footage is not there. It becomes truly cyberpunk in this incarnation. <br />If you view the original theatrical  version it is good but not much more than that.
B0000020C4|4.0|I thoroughly enjoy Les Mis. (Have seen it live two times and will go soon for a third) The recording and performance is excellent. The one thing that does bother me somewhat, is this is a French novel, set in France, but a  number of the performers seem to have Cockney accents. It didn't bother me  too much until I started thinking about it, and even now it's only a minor  dtstracion. I still highly recommend the recording, which I would actually  give 4 stars.
0671027344|1.0|A simple dull tale about a boy's high school nightmare, this has been tried before in a numerous amount of books.  If it weren't for MTV, this book wouldn't have got to where it is now.  <br />Bad choice, future  delinquents may find this book cute.
6302158249|5.0|This Video was good.Started of the Sultans of swing .Each move Mark made was so catching. Dire Straits presents themselves in a very unique  way.. different blue and red lights.  I have seen it more that 6 times.
B00000AFGM|5.0|For an unexplanable reason I love this CD, it drives me crazy listening to it.  I've always seen Manson and his band on television in his black birdie outfit or his fake chest, but never really bothered to listen to his music,  now I know what it's all about.<br />If you have Manson, try his CD, this guy  is screaming for attention, and here we give it to him.  Hehe, I'm going to  get his next CD for sure.
6305388458|5.0|Lovely British comedy set in the New Testament Biblical days.  Timeless comments on society, religions, sociology, ... people in general.
078062369X|5.0|Blade has got to be one of the best movies I've ever seen.  It almost beats Star Wars(I'm not a star wars nerd). Wesley Snipes was the perfect person to play blade. Blade is based on a not very well known Marvel comics  character. Who knew it would turn out to be such a good movie. This movie  kick major ass and I'm going to get this movie for my birthday which is in  a couple of weeks.
0553269631|5.0|This novel deals with everyday situations, things that are not out of this world. The average reader reads for pleasure, but this novel is one that instead of pleasure inspires realism to the maximum extent. We can perceive  the problems of adolescence in Mick Kelly, a young girl which is given  responsibilities not her age, like taking care of her younger brothers.   Also, she wants to fit in to a group and doesn't seem to accomplish that,  because she is always dreaming and phantasizing about the things she would  do, but obviously can't.  Jake Blount wants to make people understand the  importance of fighting for their rights in the society they are living, but  people do not pay attention to him because they rather assimilate the  situation and live with it.  Dr. Copeland always had a communication  problem with his family, for he wanted to make them understand and achieve  what he called their &quot;true purpose&quot;.  But that true purpose was  the purpose he chose for his children.  This attitude led his children to  back off him and blocked communication.  John Singer was traumatized since  the time he tried to talk and people would stare at him oddly. This made  him feel different and started to have deaf-mute friends, which only for  their disability, were totally different from him.  Summing up, this novel  deals with alienation in its various forms: disability, lack of  communication, different outlooks on life, adolescence and the changes it  comprises.  Whoever wants to take a journey into man's deepest thoughts  should read this book as soon as possible.
6304032579|5.0|I absolutely love the storyline! Pierce Brosnan is the perfect James bond! this movie is much better than Tomorrow Never Dies and any other James Bond movie. The only bad thing about the movie was that it didn't have a whole  lot of action. I love action movies but the dialogue and characters make up  for it. Kick ass movie!!
6304508611|1.0|I recently saw this movie, and boy was I bored. Nothing in this movie is scary, except for the music and the way Mrs. White looks.
B00000G3CK|5.0|Wow. pi is great!  Can you define obsessive/compulsive behavior?  Let this movie help... and let it possess you emotionally as well.
0920668372|5.0|It is wonderfully amusing reading the negative reviews. (Bizarre is a favorite word)  It's a metaphor. It ain't Proux.  It's not even Wolf. Wasn't meant to be.  Enjoy it. Hug your child.  I did.
B000009ED0|1.0|Now, all these new fools who are just getting to know Kid Rock won't understand. But I've been listening to Rock's stuff for YEARS, and I hate to admit it but he's completly SOLD OUT FOR THA MONEY!!!! Yes, he's always  had guitars in his tracks, but DAMN, this is too far. From classic's like  &quot;Y0 DA LIN In Valley&quot;, &quot;Balls In Your Mouth&quot; even up to  his album before &quot;Devil...&quot;, &quot;EMSP&quot; his tracks were  tight. EMSP was his best since &quot;Grit Sandwhiches For Breakfast&quot;.  I was really excited about this release, then sold the CD 2 days later. If  you like the old Kid Rock, you won't like this. I hope he's enjoying the  time on MTV, cause in the end selling out will catch up to him.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is album is essential for anyone who  wants to claim the have a decent record collection.  If you don't have it, get it.
0790729652|4.0|Well, I do have only a few compaints. One is that people over look the fact that while seeing Nicholson as the Joker is highly entertaining, if you are a true, avid reader of the comics (especially Frank Miller's  &quot;Dark Knight Returns&quot;), you know that there are people who could  have played the part better.  The maniacal grin is not, according to the  comics, a permanent condition.  Plus, Nicholson is, physically speaking,  not an equal of the comics' Joker (Tall and wire-thin).  Even so, this is a  very minor complaint, and I must admit that this is the best of the  features.  As an answer to the viewer from Canada, comics aren't  necessarily &quot;just for kids&quot; anymore.  Any pro in the field will  tell you that.  Look at &quot;Spawn&quot; and such and you'll see what I  mean.
0425129586|5.0|I think I speak for everyone when I say that is one of the most enthralling and addictive novels in recent memory.  I read through feverishly, devouring the book in a single day, only to be shocked by one  of the most unpredictable conclusions ever dedicated to paper.  Afterwards,  I slapped myself over the  forehead and exclaimed &quot;Of course!&quot;  You'll see what I mean... It's a classic feeling.<br />If anyone else could  recommend anymore of Ms. Christie's novels which contain the same integrity  and suspence as this one, please mail me at &quot;chuck@c-gate.net&quot;.
B00000I11T|5.0|what are you kidding me?? this album is great, she should have released this album all over again. i love all her work anyway but Jagged Little Pill is a cd everyone should have! alanis is great..
0671027344|5.0|This book was really great.  I really do not like reading but I thought this would be an okey book.  It turned out to be absolutly great! I read it in 2 days! Its about this boy and about what he goes through in his year in  High School.
B000005IZ8|5.0|This entire album is incredible, as is the movie of course.  But track #6 is by far the highest point on the CD -- in fact, as I noted above, I think it is the most serene, meditative, beautiful piece of music I have ever  heard.  It evokes the deepest feelings of whatever people denote by terms  like &quot;mystical&quot;, and that is saying a lot, given that I am an  atheist!  Try it, you'll like it!
0684867621|5.0|I have been reading Stephen King novels since the ninth grade, and in the past 12 years have read everything available on the market.  This book amazed me.  While I am still struggling through &quot;Bag of Bones&quot;, I  flew through this story in about three hours. Trisha is the most touching  and well-developed character from SK since Ralph Roberts of Insomnia.  While I do question the morality of selling a larger print 220 page novella  as a seventeen buck hardback, the story itself is a brilliant craftsmanship  of courage, love and faith.  It will hold you until the last page is turned  and have you pointing to the sky thanking God that the world has been  blessed with the most extraordinary story teller ever to but pen to paper  (or type on a WANG).  This is a great read and a wonderful story.  King has  done it again.
6302969352|5.0|It's flawless. Everybody thinking that animes are the only movies made in Japan, should watch this film. People in my age group can't get past subtitles(Except for animes), can't stand black and white, and can't stand  any film longer than 2 hours. This film may change their mind.
0930289234|5.0|Look, you already know, or you should, that this and Miller's The Dark Knight Returns are the books that forever changed the boundaries and laws of what comics are capable of and allowed to do.  What was once considered  a medium for mere kiddie entertainment suddenly became acknowledged as  literature.  And deservedly so.  Indispensable.
1572522089|5.0|This is a visually stunning masterpiece, but that's not all. It is also packed with colorful characters, intricate plot, and the vintage Akira Kurasawa.
B00000IPGT|5.0|The greatest comedy being Monty Python's Holy Grail, The Life of Brian is a close second. This movie will have you in stiches. From the transexual terrorist to Pilate (&quot;Welease Wodger&quot;) this movie contains all  kinds of hiliarious characters. This parody of the life of Christ is not  quite sacrilegious but well worth any minor offense.
0451160916|5.0|When I Ffirst read the book the SHINIG I thought right away that was Stephen Kings best book ever! You can even imagine the son's (Danny) power when he mentally imagines the room with snow outside and the window with  the words in red was written REDRUM and the kids insane fear of the word  not knowing what it means. Another bone chilling part is when he imagines  he is in the dark hallway of the Overlook (the Hotel were the main part of  the book takes place) an sees the shadowy figure of a man with a mallet  calling for him. This is the most scariest and realistic book I read ever.
B0000019PA|5.0|Just get this. It's important, it's awesome
B00000255F|5.0|This album still carries itself after more than 20 years.  It is as inspiring now as the first time I heard it so many years ago.  Thunder Road is simply a gem, it's a shame more people don't know the energy and passion  Bruce puts into his songs and his performances.  &quot;show a little faith  there's magic in the night, you ain't a beauty but hey you're alright&quot;  Combine that with the classic power and hope of Born to Run, the timeless  excellence of Jungleland and the riotous 10th Avenue Freeze Out and it just  goes on and on.  THE BEST EVER!!!!!
B000001EEN|5.0|After years of being isolated and a large addiction, Eric Patrick Clapton returns to the stage  with a MINDBLOWING preformance.   Justlisten the the last 5 min. of &quot;Let it Rain&quot; and you'll understand.   What about  &quot;Crossroads?&quot; &quot;Layla&quot;, we can't forget that one!     This CD is a must have to every CD collector's collection.
6305308659|5.0|Rarely has a movie left me with such a feeling of satifaction or just simply put me into such a great mood.  I bought this DVD just because I wanted to see it, but ended up loving it.  Movies usually tell a story,  with no theme or lesson, like good over evil, but this movie did.  Not only  did it encourage you to question what you do not believe in, but just  question &quot;Why?&quot;.  Gary Ross has done an exceptional job in  creating a simple movie with such a great deal of meaning.  This movie is  definitely a must see.
0553108034|5.0|This is the best fantasy series I have ever read. I like that magic is not the dominant force that any character can use to overwhelm the plot.  It's on the periphery with Stanis, Bran, Dany and Jon.  The other main  characters only see the omen of the comet.  I hope Martin uses magic  carefully in the coming books.  I also like the way he handles the  political intrigue and the battle elements.<br />Moreover, I love the way he  draws the characters. Most of the other readers have lauded his writing for  Tyrion.  I agree.  You can't help admiring the little guy's tenacity,  jocularity, and sense of righteosness with a don't screw with me attitude.   Even most of the secondary character have full personalities.  For example,  Theon is a typical 20 year old full of hubris and insecurity with some  sense of wanting to do the right thing.  Time and a gain he battles between  pleasing his father, outdoing his sister, and trying to be a good, likable  guy.  I think one of the best scenes in the book is Theon's first meeting  with his sister. All of the elements of his personality are delivered in a  very funny way.  I can just picture his face as he thinks about her pulling  his joint.<br />George, keep the books coming.  I'm recommending the series to  everyone.
B000002K9N|5.0|There's something about the Sinatra/Basie combination that is phenomenal!  Sinatra is perfection.  Basie just instinctively knows how to get the BEST performance out of Sinatra.  This CD is a MUST for any Sinatra fan.   Please, please,please get this CD.  My father had this when I was growing  up and this is the first place I've come across it.
067101756X|4.0|This book, whether or not you are a believer of what happened that July night over the skies of New Mexico, can make even the strongest of skeptics question their concepts. I truly believe every word of Col. Corso's  testimony. What purpose would this man, close to death have to lie about  the accounts he was privy to? The technology today seems so far advanced  and almost incomprehensible that we could conceive such ideas in 50 short  years. We didn't. We had help. The possibilities are endless and point to  an inevitable conclusion that we are (pardon the cliche') NOT alone. The  discoveries made that fateful night have helped shape the society we live  in today, but I do admit I agree with the coverup. A &quot;War of the  Worlds&quot; scenario is a sure bet, when the country would doubt the world  leaders knowing they cannot defend the skies against visitors from other  worlds. I was thoroughly fascinated and compelled to finish this the first  night I received it. Read this book, again, whether you know about the  conspiracy or not. Your eyes will be opened by the stories of a man who  caught a glimpse of our future, and was brave enough to step forward.
0792153294|3.0|Despite the absolutely ridiculous and Anti-American rantings of a certain &quot;critic&quot; from Eastern Europe this was not a pro-American propaganda film.  The black president scenario was not too unbelievable  considering Colin Powell might have won if he ran.  Also, one of my  favorite characters in the film was the Russian astronaut, he was the only  one who cared enough about his fellow astronaut to want to go back and save  him.  This film has no political message whatsoever and how it could evoke  such sentiment is beyond me.  I suggest &quot;Independence Day&quot; if you  want a film about the brotherhood-of-man-saving-the-planet.   The best part  of this film is how it builds up to the climax--which I thought was decent.
0060977493|1.0|I read this book for a college english class, and I went into it with really high expectations because it was being taught along with some this centuries best novels. This is not one of the century's best novels. The  whole thing grows incredibly repeditive and sappy. During the first 200  pages the novel sccomplishes nothing, and in the last hundred it destroys  the disaccomplishments of the first two hundred pages. Also at times the  book is preachy. Miss Roy doesn't really know subtly. She interprets every  action and beats you over the head with repitition and over explination. At  the end I found the book wasn't really worth the read.
6303327982|5.0|This film is very very good, it's a must watch kind of fil
6304711891|5.0|this is a great movie sure to keep you on the edge of your seat
0451096681|3.0|Having recently read the novel i can give an honest account!  I am an avid Stephen King reader, even if this is by Bachman, i still found it a little bit of a struggle to perceiver with this one.  It is slow, and a bit  boring!  But still, dispite this King is a great Author and this should not  put you of his work!  Certain areas of the book are great but the ending  was too predictable for my liking!
B000002H97|5.0|I bought this CD when I listened to it a friend's house, and I think that this is the best CD I own.  I have listened to it so many times that I am suprised that it still works.  My personal favorite is &quot;Enter  Sandman&quot;, but &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot; is also a really good  one.  5 stars!
1567407757|5.0|The success of this book astounds me. Here it is in a nutshell. An arrogrant young guy hears that his old professor is dying and decides to spend some time with him so he can write a best seller. He takes the  brilliant old man's words, reduces it to the level of a 7th grader and  sells a few million copies. This is absolute junk. Albom is like the young  guy on the infomercial he tells how you can get rich by placing ads in  newspapers. He's a con artist.
B00000ICD9|5.0|It's the best movie i've ever see
B000002C4J|5.0|I love Celine Dion.  This CD was a welcomed addition to my music library.  I went to Celine's concert in Dallas last Friday night and just like her last concert she completely lived up to her stardom.  She is a great  performer and a talented artist.
6300270424|5.0|When this video came out, in '76, it was right after Robert Plant's son died, and the band was taking a break.  Even though it had been filmed in '73, Zep fans, like myself, were greatful for anything.  Making video's may  not have been their strength, but with music like they made, who cares.  If  you're like me, and never had the opportunity to see them live, this video  is a little taste of what you have forever missed.
6305265488|4.0|If you are anything like me, a dreamer.... you HAVE to see this movie.  I mean, not only is it the classic fairy tale love story, but it's charisma (Barrymore and Scott were terrific together) and mesmirizing sequences  (when she arrives at the ball, especially) is enough to renew the faith in  true love that we can loose in day to day reality.  Keep the kleenex handy.
B000002HMH|4.0|Este DC tiene en algunas canciones mucha potencia, otras son distintas pero no estan muy mal. Las mejores a mi parecer son: king Nothing, Hero of the Day, Until sleeps, y un poco Mama Said.
B0000025SB|4.0|I am a die-hard Floyd fan. I will say that this is an excellent sounding and well written CD. But for anybody who is new to the world of Floyd, and seeks to find a good example of their music, this is not for you. The  general musical sound of this CD is incosistant with mainstream Pink Floyd.  If you are a fan, however, this is a must for any collection.
6303618065|5.0|Es una obra que no me canso de ver en compaia de mis hijos, es sensacional....
6305265666|5.0|I only watched this movie because my wife forced me to.  The concept of a &quot;modernized&quot; Cinderella story didn't appeal to me.  Boy was I surprised!  This is a very charming, very romantic movie that was a joy to  view.  The DVD version is incredible with amazing sound and picture.  Well  worth owning!
B000002X1O|5.0|This is probably the greatest album I possess.  It contains all the greatest elements of JA without the restraints of a large band.  I searched in vain for it here in Britain for over ten years, and will now die a happy  man!
0782008372|1.0|I read all of the reviews people had posted here on Amazon.com but because I love the Highlander movie so much I just couldn't help myself and ordered the DVD.  What a mistake!  The DVD version of Highlander is possibly the  worst movie experience I have ever had.<br />The video is so grainy in parts  that it looks like a cloudy sheet of textured plastic was put in front of  the camera while it was filming.  The audio is plagued with balancing  problems with dialog so soft in some scenes that you can't hear it.   Surround effects are poorly done.  Even the soundtrack doesn't sound very  good, and this is a digital medium that is superior to CD!<br />This DVD is  abysmal!  I can't believe anyone could have watched this and thought it was  a good product.  The studio should be ashamed!  Do not do what I did and  ignore these reviews: trust me, no matter how much you love Highlander, you  will hate the DVD version!  Somehow studios have to get the message that  consumers will not put up with garbage like this.  The best way to start is  NOT TO BUY THIS DVD!
0880389052|5.0|This is the best book I have ever read, period. I have read it at least five times. I'm a tad obsessed and you will be too, once you read this book.
6305171769|5.0|There isn't one that sucks, This is probably the one that I least like of the whole series besides HAlloween 3, and I do like Halloween 3.  It still deserves 5 stars +.
0375707972|4.0|I read this book two weeks ago, and it is still on my mind, even though I have already begun to read another novel.  I even sent it to a friend to read, so we could discuss it! It was interesting reading, but left you with  lots of questions that are not easily answered or easily dismissed. I found  that I had little sympathy for Hannah, and I consider this more of a  child-abuse story than a love story.  He was haunted all his life by a  woman who took advantage of him when he was only 15! I am haunted also by  the other young &quot;readers&quot; that Hannah &quot;used&quot; while  working at the concentration camp. Hannah's very nature poses lots of  disturbing questions; nevertheless, the book holds your interest and I  would recommend it to others.
B000002UAO|5.0|this album probably marks the beginning of the best phase of the beatles. This is certainly the most consistent beatles album in terms of listenability, even by today's standard, which is not bad for an album  which was recorder over 30 years ago. I've got albums from a few years ago  that sound more prehistoric than this does. If you own one beatles album,  then make sure it's this one.
6304493738|5.0|This movie not only had a lot of action, but also had a great plot and a great cast. If you have not seen this movie yet and you like good movies, I strongly suggest you do so, like right now!
0425129586|5.0|I can honestly say that this is the best book I have ever read!  I had never even heard of Agatha Christie before reading this book, but now she is one of my favorite authors.  Even if you are not a mystery reader, you  should consider reading this book.  It exceeded all my expectations!
B000002W9Q|5.0|This soundtrack is great for dancing and listening.  It takes you right through the movie step by step.  I love the songs!!
0393312836|5.0|Well, This book was the best book I've ever read.  If you've seen the movie, you can understand that the language in the book was art, spoken like Shakespear.  I found the book in a pile in the basement, from my dad's  days in highschool.  I had heard about it so I decided to read it, and I'm  glad I did.  Fourtunately for me, It included a glossary, but did not  include the finall chapter.  I read the book, and couldn't put it down.   When I finished it, Iread it again.  Now, I personally didn't like the last  chapter, when I found it online.  I had already read the book once, seen  the movie, and was halfway through it again.  The last chapter looses the  flow of the violence.  I liked being able to imagin what Alex was thinking  when he was cured.      The book expresses a hatred of violence on the part  of the author, yet he writes from a violent youth's point of view.  One  thing that I found frightening, was that I could see myself as Alex, and  feeling rigjht at home withh the idea. I highly recommend this book
0393317552|5.0|Jared Diamond beautifully explains the fundamentals of geography, geology and ecology that underlie historic inequality among the continents (and hence among the world's populations) by creating unequal opportunities and  constraints. Why did Pizzaro conquer the Incas and Cortes the Aztecs -- but  not the other way around?  Why didn't Africa, humanity's cradle, make good  on its apparent head start and become the dominant power in world affairs?   As Diamond spells out, it all has to do with guns, germs and steel (and the  dissemination of ideas, the distribution of large domesticable mammals, the  prospects for food production, and many other forces).  Anyone wanting  insight into the world's fundamental inequalities need look no further than  this marvelous volume.
0671015206|3.0|Although the book makes many excellent points about thriftyness and the importance of saving, it almost insults the intelligence of anyone who wants to break out of a mediocre state of mind.  Can you imagine, for  example, Donald Trump, Ron Perelman or even your average investment banker  buying a suit at JC Penneys just to save a few dollars?  Better to take  some of the books' advice with a grain of salt than to accept it as gospel.   Some of us need our royalty aspirations and our luxurious dreams, together  with a strong eye for security and common sense.
6305268835|5.0|It may be a high price but it is one of the greatest movies of 1998 ! This movie made me laugh the whole way through .
0783233477|5.0|this film is a top notch class act from it's opening frame till it's last!  it has a sharp and clever screenplay, beautiful photography, a lovely score, and above all a magnificent peformance from anthony hopkins, as  usual. brad pitt does probably his best work to date in this fine film.  claire folani is lovely and a fine actress. the film is long, and maybe  could have been told in a little less time, but the director had a lot of  vision here, and what he gives us is a stunning, three dimensional and very  well rounded film of rare beauty and so much class, i realized they don't  make them like this anymore. pity! see it alone or with someone you love,  curl up and be prepared to be swept along. the photography and colors are  supreme as is the dolby digital transfer. a terrific film that will go tp  the very top of the charts as word of mouth spreads about what a wonderful  film it is. bravo to all, but especially to mr. hopkins-truly one of our  greatest actors of all time; such a commanding presence. he, like the film,  is awesome!
6302518423|1.0|I'm not a stupid guy, but when after I saw this movie, I began to question my intelligence.  Then I realized that the emperor, like everyone else in this picture, wasn't wearing any cloths.  The movie is great to look at,  but it all looks the same.  You can look at any ten minutes of the movie  and it will look like any other ten minutes. Which means that the director  was ultimately unsuccessful in finding a way to tell what is one of  Shakespeare's best stories.  I walked away feeling stupid, but I'm glad I  realized that it wasn't really me.
6304143184|4.0|please re-release this movie.  I saw it and would like my younger children to see it.
0783114222|5.0|I was completly overwhelmed with the series, and watched it three times.  Was very well made and produced.
B00000AFHM|5.0|Quite simply one of the 5 best albums ever. Trust me you'll love it. If you're into Komeda, Papas Fritas, or any other great pop band, you need this album.
0679428887|4.0|This is Robert Harris's best book yet. The feel of modern Russia, and the nostalgia for a strong leader in the tradition of Stalin is extremely well drawn. I found the build up to be the strongest part of the book. Some of  the scenes  set in the northern forest stretched the imagination. But  the finale is excellent. A good book. I strongly recommend it.
B000002ULS|5.0|Overrated? Bad Lyrics? Obviously Korn or Manson fans. Beautiful effortless music to daydream to. Tied with my favorite band of all time (Komeda). Arab Strap was a little better in my opinion, but this is a gem of an album. I  don't hand out stars freely and I am SUPER fussy about music and this  passes my tests with flying colors. A must own.
0307010856|5.0|I buy this book for every baby shower I attend and the future parents love it as much as their kids learn to. To this day, many years after my childhood, it is still my favorite book.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Yo, too many people took this album to the heart. Some think she's a racist, therefore say her album is wack. Other's say the music is all remade, therefore she's wack.  Y'all forgetting that this has nothing to do  with your own personal feelings.  Lauryn's album is something to praise.   She talks about herself and society.  Her multitalentism is shown as she  sings as raps. Don't hate on the woman's album because you expected more.   Lastly, DO NOT listen to the Grammy's for good music.  Granted they did  pick a marvelous album this time.  Give credit to the woman because she  earned it.  Her album is the best of 98, and maybe even 99.
B00000IMCU|5.0|George Romero's sequel to the cult classic Night of the Living Dead lives up the hype.  Low budget, lots of fun for everyone, and great zombie fu action (according to Joe Bob Briggs).  You must see this and then watch Day  of the Dead, the final movie in the series.
6304539258|5.0|What a cool guy.  What a nice story.  Wa-hey
B00000I950|5.0|Amazing, beautiful, and emotional melodies, perfect beat, sensuality, hapiness!  Bjorn &amp; Benny's songwriting at their best!
0790729970|5.0|This movie was freakin full of cool stuff
B00000634J|5.0|THE MUSIC THE TIME THE MAN ALL REPRESENTATIVE OF A VERY SPECIAL PERIOD IN OUR REVOLUTION/EVOLUTION.
6303567126|5.0|I think that the movie was okay, but the book needs to be given all the credit. The book was actually his own words and the movie was in many ways very different from the book. The book was excellent- I reccomend the book  over the movie any day!!!!!!!
6304539258|3.0|I love Star Wars, Empire Strikes Back and, to a lesser extent, Return of the Jedi.  The digital enhancements to remove the lines around ships and generally brighten up the picture were great and that particular set of  videos is definitely worth having, but these re-released versions, with new  digital effects, that were shown in theatres look very much like a lazy,  sloppy, half-hearted attempt to make even more money off the series.  I  look forward to Star Wars etc. being released on DVD, but I hope they use  the remastered originals not these horrible, ugly hacks - they really put  me off.
6305265488|5.0|This movie was really neat and I liked the way they set it out.  For all you people that don't watch movies watch this one.  You will love it.  I PROMICE!
6301976983|5.0|I thought that this film proved that when you look for things that involve money with other people, that brings out the greed in you. Humphrey Bogart was da bomb in this movie. I loved how he thought that the other two were  going to take his gold while he was gone and he went insane ever since the  minute he first found the gold. Everyone should see this movie. It is a  classic that will be remembered for all time.
0553293397|4.0|Amazing story, I love this plot, I can't put 5 stars because 5 stars is the Fundation saga. This book, is the best, from the Robots stories I have read. (I am reading this serie in order, I only read: I Robot, Caves of  Steel and this one). If you like SF, this is a &quot;must!&quot;
0783216084|5.0|MY FAVORITE PART IS WHEN ROY SCHIEDER TAKES ALL THOSE SHOTS AND BLOWS UP THE SHARK. A MUST SEE.
0783225881|5.0|FIELD OF DREAMS is truly one of the most wonderful movies I've ever seen.  It is a simple, honest, innocent film, unlike anything else made in the last 40 years.  It is perfectly suited for Kevin Costner's strengths, and  it is one of his best roles.  I envy anyone who is seeing it for the first  time, because the film keeps surprising you with more and more wonderful  turns as the end approaches.  Keep the tissues handy!
6301955293|5.0|THE LAST PICTURE SHOW is a perfect, if depressing, film about small-town Texas life in the 1950s.  The film combines some of the most intersting characters ever put on screen (masterfully created by writer Larry  McMurtry) with an amazing film technique from director Peter Bogdanovich,  with superb performances from such actors as Jeff Bridges, Cybill Shepherd,  Timothy Bottoms, Ben Johnson, Cloris Leachman and several others.  This  film operates at many different levels, both figuratively and literally  (observe the infinite depth-of-field sharpness to the black-and-white film,  reminiscent of Orson Wells' CITIZEN KANE).  It is truly one of the most  important, and perfect, films ever made.
B000002UDB|5.0|Apologies for the silly typo below (&quot;here&quot; instead of &quot;hear&quot;) - so great is my fervor in recommending this album that I get giddy and forget how to spell.
B000002GEY|5.0|I grew up listening to this on 8-track. It's not the same listening to it on CD, but this brings back lots of nostalgia for the 70s rock lover. And you never get tired of the songs.
B000002KAT|5.0|I don't know if Morrison intended it this way, but only every other song on this CD is tuneful. Each melodic cut is followed by a more somber, thoughtful, meditative one. The songs blend together in a most intriguing  way. The best way to listen to this album -- in fact, the only way I ever  listen to it -- is from beginning to end; the songs are more interesting  coming in progression rather than as single cuts. My advice: try it on a  Saturday morning when you're by yourself. Don't read the paper or sort the  mail -- let yourself be captivated by the rhythm, the intricate layers of  bass and violin, the brilliant warbling vocals, the mystifying  lyrics.<br />The more you give this record, the more it gives back.
0385474547|4.0|I am a sophomore in college and was assigned this book to do a short review.  At first, like many books I've read in the past, it started out very dull.  After getting through the first four chapters, the book started  to become more interesting.  This is a story about real life, although in  another culture.  It touched me in so many ways.  I would suggest this book  to any scholar!
B000009DUY|4.0|I've seen the movie a couple of times and I could not remember the soundtrack at all when I left the theater.  The music serves its purpose as background but it certainly does not stand out during the picture.  The  film's visual imagery is so gripping that all other senses are cut off for  fear of overload.  Too bad, because the music, taken apart from the film is  beautiful and can stand on its own.  It is certainly not John Williams'  best work, but I commend him for holding back and giving this movie, this  period in time, and these noble men the quiet reverence that they deserve.
B0000057C5|5.0|Diese CD ist super!  Really it is. I would have paid twice the price for only half the songs on it.  If you like this, go do yourself a favour and get all the other rammstein cds out there.
B00000DF6O|5.0|BB is really Mr Blues himself - this CD is a must for every Bluesaholi
0767824571|5.0|Can't say anything else - Funniest movie of all tim
0790729687|5.0|Interview with the Vampire is absolutely one of the best and beautiful films of the 90's.  It completely transports you into the world of these characters, with amazing sets, cinematography, music, and a cast that  transcends stereotypes(Cruise and Pitt).  But the DVD treats it like a  movie of the week.  No extras to speak of, unless languages get you  excited, and the widescreen version is of the &quot;matted&quot; widescreen  variety, which means it looks no different than the pan and scan!!! A  little more respect, please!!!  Maybe a re-release will rectify the  situation?
B000000OTY|2.0|once again, peter gabriel has offered an inferior version of &quot;in your eyes&quot; and cannot make the connection to the live promo that came from the &quot;say anything&quot; movie sountrack. the soundtrack promo has  spirituality that has not been duplicated since. if one can remember the  live video from 1989 that had the version, they will know what i'm  infering. there was nothing like the backup singer's voice that carried  through the air on that promo recording, it was divine.
B000009EAD|5.0|A great, great, great album. This sounds like what Metallica should have/could have released around the Master/Justice era, instead of the 'Black' album. The music reminds me of a mix between Slayer (strains of  'Seasons in the Abyss'), old school Metallica, and old school Maiden. If  you're a fan of any of these groups, then you have to get into Iced  Earth--you owe it to yourself. Did I mention fabulous guitar work? Great,  great band!
6300151379|5.0|Too bad this video isn't available at this time.  I'd watch it every night before bed. As a  David Bowie fan, I enjoyed this flick not only for his musical talent, but for his acting diversity. This facet of his talent came  as a very pleasant surprise. Jim Henson and his puppeteers made all of  their creations a very convincing part of the Labyrinth world. It's a great  movie for kids as well as adults, particularly the ones that would enjoy  being somewhere else sometimes.
B00000I8UD|5.0|This is the best Sylvian work to date. If you like this cd look up Pauline Oliveros and Joseph Beuys!
B000002KYK|3.0|I remember my high school art teacher back in '88 loaning this adaptation to me; Although, it was the orchestrated adaptation, it has remained an integral part of my soundtrack collection ( I bought my own copy and  returned my teacher's). At first, I was greatly disappointed that it was  nowhere near the sound of Vangelis. The opening and end titles had such a  tacky orchestrated disco feel. However, the rest of the album had such a  warm, non-electronic feel to it (despite the fact that the movie itself was  anything but warm feeling) !  The lush feel of the orchestration makes it  difficult to close your eyes and picture scenes from the movie. At best,  this version evokes visions of a romanticized detective film from the past  and not the future ( say, the 30's or 40's with Humphrey Bogart)! Yet, it  stands on its own as fine example of what an alternate version of an  original soundtrack should be like. I also own the Vangelis version; the  adaptation pales in comparison. It is fascinating to listen to both  versions for comparison. One evokes a warm, cozy, relaxed feeling while the  other gives off a futuristic, cold, and moody atmosphere. I like them both  (with more favor towards the original by Vangelis). I highly recommend the  adaptation version if you are not into synthesized, new-age or space-age  music but like a touch of classical or orchestrated background music for  relaxing. The adaptation by its own merit deserves 3  stars.<br />Armando-Chandler, AZ
B000002H4Q|5.0|This is the first Cure CD I invested in, and what an investment it was.  Rob is one of the all time great poets of our generation.  Do yourself a fovor and buy this wonderful work of musical art.
B000002URV|5.0|This is by far the best Enigma album ( the other two left something to be desired- can't quite put my finger on it, though)! Yes, it does have that late 80's early 90's Soul II Soul sound. However, where the group Soul II  Soul mixed in Jamaican, Reggae, club house rhythms Enigma was able to blend  in European and Gregorian chant sounds with great finesse and seamless  skill. MCMXCa.D. will stand the test of time whether it be on a global or  cult status,in a dance club or at home. The limited edition with the  remixes is EXCELLENT ! The maxi-singles are very interesting as well. Who  would have thought that a group like Enigma could combine New-Age, dance,  ambient, global and Gregorian chants to produce something very familiar,  yet unique in its own right. Twenty years ago such a concept would have  been laughed at by the masses (people, not the church service). To the  world it would have been like crossing country music with disco music and  Middle-Eastern religious incantations (Hmmm...an interesting concept).  After becoming interested and fascinated by the group's musical offerings I  found out about the individual artists that make up Enigma: Michael Cretu  and his wife Sandra. They, too, have had previous hits in Europe back in  the 80's. This led me to collect their import albums. The sound of their  albums range anywhere from pop-rock, dance, r&amp;b to pre-Enigma styles .  I recommend some of these solo efforts (under the names Cretu, Cretu and  Thiers, Sandra) It will give listeners a chance to hear how some of these  earlier projects evolved into Enigma. Enigma MCMXC a.D. is a definite  keeper for anyone's avid or diverse music collection. Put aside any  misconceptions or reservations you may have due to its religious and sexual  overtones and accept it for what it is; An artistic concept excellently  carried out !<br />Forever Enigmatized
0670880728|5.0|I couldn't put it down once I started it.  This book is a great read for anyone who's ever been dumped or dumped on.  Totally funny!
0792107683|5.0|Perhaps the best Western ever made,Shane is set within an actual episode in the history of the American West, the Johnson County War.It has all that one desires to experience in a western;breathtaking scenery,riding,  rodeo,fighting,gunfights.And there is much more going on, all done with  refreshing simplicity.The director, working with fine actors,skillfully  developes personalities, relationships,and a full palate of feelings and  drives among the various characters,the most poignant of which are the  responsibility assumed by Joe Starrett, the delicacy and purity of the  mutual admiration of Shane and Marion Starrett,and the utter selflessness  and sacrifice of Shane in returning to the ways of his hated past to avert  the destruction of this family that he loved, their friends and their way  of life.
0767802659|1.0|I hate the scenes vere the people have a hole in their heads. If this vas the last film on the earth to buy help. This is a movie that sould never be made.
B000002UKS|5.0|This is a great album. There is something in here for almost everyone. The album starts with &quot;Doll&quot; which is ok, but the line from Doll &quot;I've never been so scared&quot; sums up Grohl's strugle after Nirvana  to prove himself. From there the album has some truly great songs,  including &quot;Monkey Wrench&quot;, &quot;Up In Arms&quot;, &quot;My  Hero&quot;, and the (in my opinion) masterpiece &quot;Everlong&quot;. The  Album ends with the song &quot;New Way Home&quot; a really cool ending  which you hear the line, &quot;I felt like this on my way home, Im not  scared&quot; Grohl wraps up the album in style, and for those who can make  the connection from the first song to the last, he is no longer scared. :)
0374172897|5.0|I'd been offering this title whenever a list called for nominations for 'best book of the year.'  And then watched--not with horror, because one can't go on being horrified year after year--but at least with a kind of  grumpiness as flashier, and stupider, books got picked and won awards and  in general triumphed (I do not refer here to Alice Munro's =For the Love of  a Good Woman=, which is terrific).  =The Hours= is beautifully  written--truly; not fakily-beautifully-written as is so much that is  perversely praised for style.  That is to say, it is clear, precise,  concise, sinewy, and free of the self-reflexive.  The characters are  involving and themselves, not carefully diffracted views of the author, and  I loved reading about them.  The resolution is novelistic, ingenious but no  mere trick, so that the book is formally as well as emotionally satisfying.           Kelly Cherry
B000002NFM|3.0|Fat Of The Land is good. But not great. And darned if it ain't trendy people. To anyone who bought this Cd and thought it was cool, or to anyone who bought this Cd and hated it, try the 2nd Prodigy Album, &quot;Music For  The Jilted Generation&quot;, it will blow your mind.
B00000ILBK|3.0|As I watched this lestest Trek installment I couldn't help but think of &quot;Generations&quot;.  People seem to overlook the fact that these two movies have almost the same script.  The cosmetic surgery freak is a lot  like Dr. Soren in that he wants to live forever, not caring about what it  costs to the innocent people that just happen to be in his way. These two  movies have the same &quot;Fountain of Youth&quot; type thing going on.   They could have thought of something better for the script.  Why not have  something about the Dominion with lots of carnage and battle scences.   Romance is good too, and I would like to add, I was relieved when Riker and  Troi got back together.  But what happened to the Picard/Crusher thing,  huh?  I hope they get out of the &quot;Fountain&quot; funk for the next  movie.
0425107469|4.0|I never actually thought it was possible to generate some sympathy or  even a miniscule of sympathy, or possibly garner any level of loyalty for someone. . . something that is in with out a doubt a monster. <br />Initially  I thought, what a terrible looking creature, with a terrible insatiable  habit to commit evil. <br />Dean Koontz in is usual fine way of incisive  writing, makes known why this beast behaves the way he does, definitely not  of his own choice. This beast didn't ask to be drawn this way, or even to  volunteer to act as some kind of special government project. he has the  same vulnerablitiy and frailty in his emotions that we as humans possess.  yet, ironically it is his oversensitive nature that leads him onto this  jealous rage to seek, kill, and destroy his cell mate, a dog housed within  the same lab that has received all the preferential treatment that he did  not, hence search kill and destroy this dog regardless of what the  cost.<br />It's tragic that this &quot;beast&quot; -although the appropriation  of this title solely belongs to the men and scientist that created it- has  to face the reality of anyone. . .  anything, that doesn't fit into our  standard mode of existence.<br />I would have liked to have seen Dean arrive  at a different conclusion, but nevertheless, I'll take the cards that have  been dealt to me as a reader.<br />Thumbs up ! I enjoyed the emotional ride.
6305252521|4.0|I was definatly expecting more from the DVD, but Paramount rushed it out.   This film need some commentary, badly.  And its got 2 trailers for extras.  This is a low down dirty shame.  The prostitution of Truman by a  corperation continues.
B000000H4V|5.0|ONE WORD FOR YOU &quot;GREAT&quot; YOU CANN'T USE ANOTHER  WORD FOR THIS ALBUM. A GREAT CD FOR A NEW FAN OR AN OLD ONE IF YOU THINK THAT YOU LIKE THEM A LITTLE OR YOU ARE JUST A TAD BIT INTERESTED IN THIS GROUP GRAB THIS  TITLE AND NEVER LET IT OUT OF YOU SITE AND IF YOU DECIDE NOT TO PICK THIS  ONE UP AND GO FOR THE NEW ALBUM AGAINST &quot; WITHOUT MAX&quot; I MIGHT  ADD YOU JUST MADE A VERY HORRIBLE MISTAKE. MY ADVISE IS TO GRAB THIS TITLE  THE VERY SECOND YOU SEE IT BEFORE SOMEONE ELSE TAKES IT I PROMISE THIS WILL  END UP AS ONE OF YOU FAVORIT CDS YOU WILL EVER OWN IN YOU LIFE AND WILL  ALMOST NEVER COME ACROSS ONE BETTER THEN THIS
0399143904|3.0|Clancy has come to the well too many times.  He has held on with these characters for the past few novels, but he falls woefully short in this story.  The set up is classic Clancy with all of the story's pieces  scattered about the world.  Then as each chapter unfolds the story begins  to take shape.  The middle of the book again is classic Clancy.  Gripping  you and keeping you up all night.  The end however, is lacking and not very  imaginative.  The reader is really let down in the last 100 pages.  I  suggest reading the first 600 pages and letting the rest go to your  imagination.  Again many terms that are sure to be lost on nonmilitary  types.  I've served and still struggle to catch all of the jargon.  Tom  consider a glossary.
0800137884|2.0|You may like this film if you never read the book and want an Anne Rice sexy-vampire, but if that's the case WHY DID THEY USE BRAM STOKER'S NAME IN THE TITLE?  His Dracula was EVIL, and Mina NEVER fell in love with him, not  even remotely!  And the book was really scary, whereas this pathetic  Dracula lost me completely in that scene where he cried after Mina  stood-him-up on their dinner date.  Dracula?  Sobbing?  Give me a break!
6303142346|5.0|La bella y la bestia es mi pelicula favorita.  Cada vez que lo veo, no puedo cesar de cantar con las personajes.  La musica es maravillosa, y tambien tengo el soundtrack en espanol, el cual eschucho casi cada dia.
6302799066|5.0|This one is still a classic despite the fact that it was filmed over a third-of-a-century ago!  And while everybody remembers the brilliant multiple roles played by the great Peter Sellers, I also thought it was one  of George C. Scott's finest efforts.  His General Turgisson was an  hilarious portrayal of the classic cold warrior!  An enjoyable, excellent  film by one of America's greatest directors!
B000002UKS|5.0|This type of rock makes you want to go party.  David Grohl's drumming experience has moved into his music writing making it full and moving.  Every song on it is very good and any rock fan should love this greatly.   This is high quality music and I still love it after 2 years.
6303913881|3.0|Yes, it was terrible.  But hey, Elizabeth Berkley really DOES make a really awesome-looking stripper!  And Gina Gershon plays decadence so very well!  Whenever she and Berkley were on the screen together, I paid close  attention!  Other than that, it was mostly awful.
B000002VMH|5.0|this woman is more of a diva than celin could hope to be. Annie Lennox is tried and true, she is great and this album proves it.
6304196938|5.0|Some of Hitchcock's best stuff came after he moved to the U.S.A. and began using American locales for his films!  You can tell he really loved working here, and in &quot;North by Northwest&quot; he covered a LOT of ground!  My  personal favorite scenes include the classic cornfield fly-by and, of  course, the Mount Rushmore finale!  But this entire film is brilliantly put  together with a wonderful cast!  I never get tired of watching it again!
B00000IGGA|5.0|Since I first bought his album back in 1990, I couldn't help collecting every albums he released. While most musicians stay at the same position, Tom seems to be the only one who just keep searching for the new  possibility in spite of his age. We just have to  celebrate when the new CD  is at a store! Let this  CD play all aroud the world!
6300183513|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was about 12-years old, and I thought it was incredible!  Thirty years later my opinion hasn't changed in the least!  The suspense in this one is illustrative as to why Hitchcock is considered  a genius!  And the casting is brilliant!  Not only is this one of  Hitchcock's best, it's one of American cinema's all-around greatest films!   Why they felt they had to re-make this one using Christopher Reeve is  beyond me!  I mean, why tamper with perfection?
0399143904|1.0|Although I have liked Clancy's other books, I was not able to finish Rainbow Six.  There were far too many implausibilities in it, such as an elite international counter-terrorist team that forgets to include a  helicopter and pilot on its roster and has to add them later, or a group of  ultra-greens who decide to spread a genetically-engineered virus around  without once considering what it might do to the animals they are so  interested in saving.  Skip this one and read Marcinko or Bob Mayer.
630170648X|5.0|They made this movie before the true horrors of Nazi rule were known to the world, so some of the jokes are so politically-incorrect as to be hilarious!  (e.g. &quot;So, they call me Concentration Camp Erhardt?&quot;)   Still, Jack Benny does a wonderfully funny job in his role as a patriotic  Polish actor trying to save both his country and his marriage.  Most movies  ignore Warsaw in World War II, despite the fact that this is where it all  started!
0553108034|5.0|George R. R. Martin does an excellent job with this installment of his SIF saga.  Its a simply must own novel.
0684867621|5.0|This is King's desrciptive writing at its best. His ability to reflect the workings,imagination and problems of young adult minds has been one of the great hallmarks of his writing.<br />This is a very simple story - well  told. The real suspense for King fans is the memory of what happened in  Cujo.
0782008399|5.0|If you really like this one, you must see, &quot;When Night Is Falling.&quot;   Nothing makes me happier than lesbian films done well (well almost)!
B00000BKDZ|5.0|This is a great albumn! Iron Maiden is one of the best bands around. Adrian and Bruce are back with Maiden; I can't wait to hear the new albumn. I think it is supposed to be out the end of 1999! Iron Maiden is awesome!
B000002OZY|5.0|This album is diverse in its musical styles keeping your interest throughout but, it has musical themes that appear again and again keeping it tied together.  Every part of the album tells a part of the story.  When  you understand the story you realized that there is no &quot;filler&quot;.   The third song tells how the boy became deaf dumb and blind. Although it is  confusing because the story says that the boy will never know his father  &quot;Captain Walker&quot;. There is a fight between the lover and the  Captain (Both parts sung by Pete Townsend) so its tough to tell who won.   Then the story goes on talking about the father. (Is it the Captain or the  lover?)  Anyhow the one remaining along with the mother scold the boy into  never telling which causes the boy to become deaf dumb and blind. The song  &quot;Sparks&quot; and &quot;Underture&quot; try to musically show what is  going on in the boy's mind. The rest of the story tells about his parents  desperate search for a cure &quot;Acid Queen&quot; and &quot;The Doctor  Song&quot;.  Some of the cruelties he undergoes by his relatives  &quot;Cousin Kevin&quot; and his Uncle Ernie in &quot;Fiddle About&quot;.   The extra abilities his condition give him in &quot;Pinball Wizard&quot;.   His cure in &quot;Smash the mirror&quot;.  His new found celebrity in  &quot;I'm a sensation&quot;  His fans &quot;Sally Simpson&quot;. And his  reversion to being deaf dumb and blind after the people in his 'Holiday  Camp' rebel against him &quot;See me Feel me&quot;.  I enjoy the album very  much the long guitar instrumentals in &quot;Sparks&quot; and the long drum  ramblings in &quot;Underture&quot; as well as &quot;Overture &quot;which is  just that, a song that has all the themes of the album in it.  I have  enjoyed it since 1974.
B00000BKDY|5.0|This is an awesome albumn! No one plays this style of music better than Maiden. The vocals are always right on, the guitars and bass are simply perfect, and the drums are incomparable! Iron Maiden added the dredded  keyboard, actually it's a guitar, on this albumn; who would have thought  that the two would have mixed so well together. They sound great! This is a  'must have' for any metal fan, or anyone that enjoys great music. Up The  Irons!
0425107469|5.0|This was the first Dean Koontz novel that I read and I loved it. He always manages to draw you right into the story and make you either root for the hero to come out in one piece at the end, or feel complete loathing and  comtempt for the villian.  Brilliant characters, good and evil, and the dog  adds a level of cuteness (of course without the dog there wouldn't be any  story).  Koontz can always deliver a good story and knows just how to keep  the reader riveted.  The only book of his I didn't like was Demon Seed, I  just couldn't get into it,  but this is an excellent book of his to start  off with.  Full marks for ingenuity.
0792151712|2.0|There are millions of 14-year old girls out there who are sighing into their pillow each night at the thought of Leonardo DiCaprio.  Even though I'm in the same age bracket and gender as them, thankfully I'm not in the  same state of insanity.  That maybe why I don't worship this movie as so  many people do.<br />Good things about this movie?  Sure, they abound.  And  they're called &quot;special effects&quot;.  Truly, they're awe-inspiring,  and the amount of technical detail that go into this make it worth  seeing.<br />Somehow, though, I don't think most people will see it for the  technical detail.<br />Yes, the love story is *truly* drippy.  I hated the  &quot;Rose&quot; character as a crone, as a girl, and then as a kooky crone  again.  I did like the &quot;Jack&quot; character initially, but as soon as  he started swooning for Rose, I got bored.<br />Whenever Cameron takes the  time to consider the faceless masses on the Titanic, the movie swings up  again.  With the length of the movie, he does manage to fit surrounding  characters into it, and I appreciated that.  But whenever he hit the  &quot;Rose and Jack&quot; plot, the movie comes to a standstill.<br />James  Cameron should get down on his knees every night and thank the powers that  be that hormonal girls paid over and over to see the same, mindless plot.   Besides that, there's only the wonderous special effects, and that's a slim  reason to see a movie.
B000002NJS|5.0|my favorite madonna cd!
0385255853|5.0|This book continues the gripping story of Clair and Jamie, two characters who never seem to become less interesting.  Usually in romance novels with recurring characters I find myself becoming disappointed in the fact that  timeless characters seem mortal.  Diana Gabaldon does an excellent job of  overcoming this issue by introducing new elements and challenges.  Though I  am a great fan of romances, most can be summarized quite easily (guy meets  girl, there's an attraction, followed by a misunderstanding, then finally  things are sorted out and the man confesses his love).  Diana Gabaldon's  series is so much more!  This story is so engrossing that I'd be surprised  to find anyone who hasn't enjoyed it.  If you are considering a romance,  please take my advice and pick up all the books in this series ASAP!  You  won't be disappointed.
6305278016|4.0|This movie projects the come back of the &quot;Streets of San Francisco&quot; of the 70s but the setting is in the city of Osaka, Japan.  In this movie, Michael Douglas teamed up with young stud, Andy Garcia, both  cops in battling a Japanese syndicate who is involved in counterfeiting  money.  Packed with action and motorcycle stunts,  this movie depicts a  difficult alliance with both cultures in battling crime, but in the end  comes a common understanding of putting the bad guys behind bars.   Subtitles in english is not an option although they are shown when japanese  is spoken.  nice flick!
B0000026UV|5.0|I'm not a country music fan but the rhythm and flow makes this an album that is just plain fun to listen to.  The guitar picking goes without saying.
B00000IQ4Q|5.0|Wesley Snipes stars as a Baby born by his mother who was bitten by a vampire. He becomes a Day Walker and finds himself able to live during the day. Blade seeks to find the vampire who attacked his mother. Blade meets  up with a doctor bitten and helps her. A vampire clan trys to summon the  oldest and true vampire of all time. The storyline is well put together  from begining to end. The Martial Arts is flawless. And If you like Marvel  comics and movies about vampires then get this title in Widescreen for Best  viewing.
6305265488|5.0|This was the most wonderful, believable, romantic retelling of Cinderella that I have ever read or seen! It's a must-see for any Drew Barrymore fan. Drew brings a modern touch to an old classic. (Not to mention that Dougray  Scott is the perfect Prince Charming - and very hot...!) This movie is good  for young and old, and is a plus for Drew Barrymore and Dougray Scott.  Bravo!
6304383177|5.0|One of the funniest movies of all time. This film is the classic example of what a comedy ought to be.  The characters are memorable and likeable, the action is notstop, and the acting, direction and screenplay are all  brilliant. Only Cary Grant could manage to look so dignified in a fluffy  pink dressing-gown.
B000001FY9|5.0|This is the best cd!  If you're into reggae I really recommend buying this one.   Almost EVERY song is great!!!
0812550706|5.0|I had a fried who thought this was the best book he ever read so I thought that I would give it a try.  After reading, I found that this was the best book that I have ever read, too.  Unlike most sci-fi novels where things  just happen and aliens are blown up, this is a very deep novel, and it is  more about character development than some cheap action thrills.  This book  is so... the best book that I have ever read.  Read it.  You will like it.
0802130208|5.0|If you suffer from a valve inopportunely slamming shut, this is the book for you. There is a two page section which made me laugh so uncontrollably I passed out. I reread it five more times, and although I didn't pass out,  I laughed very heartily. Fortuna's wheel brought this to us, so buy it and  read it. It is terrific.
B00000ILBK|2.0|If you are a trekie, you must see it (of course). But this is not movie class stuff. It's all about a single planet. No saving the Universe. The Enterprise gets attacked and they run! The impulse engines are over worked,  and smoke! Picard learns a new trick.  He can effect time, or slow down  things around him.  Maybe he himself speeds up.  This new talent is not  used.  At one point the crew are shooting down small objects, lots of them.   This is when Picard should have used his new skill.  He could have made  Data look bad buy firing 10 times per second, then Data could have said  &quot;How the hell?&quot; or something. This new trick does seem stupid, I  wish it was not in the movie. Anyway, this movie would have been a good NG  TV show!<br />Treker
B000002UAX|5.0|I will never forget the first time I heard the Beatles White Album.  From the scattered crowd noise signaling the beginning of &quot;Back in the USSR&quot;, to the touching Lennon piece &quot;Goodnight, Goodnight,  remarkably sung with childlike grace by Starr, it is an ecletic ride  through the talents of the Beatles.  But, don't let the self-titled name  fool you, for this is hardly a collective effort.  Unlike their past works,  the Beatles used this album to share pieces of themselves.  This is the  Beatles in pure form, minus overdubs, minus endless polishing.  Gone are  the teenybopper sounds of their early albums, distant is the exporative and  groundbreaking theme as seen from Rubber Soul to Sgt. Pepper.  This is the  Beatles not as one, but as four separate identities.<br />While every song is  memorable, there are a few gems scattered throughout that you will want to  take a look at.  Lennon's &quot;Happiness is A Warm Gun&quot; is  essentially three songs, ending with a tribute to the classic  &quot;doo-wop&quot; era, a masterful piece of both avant-garde and humor.   McCartney introduces classic songs like, &quot;Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da&quot;,  &quot;Rocky Raccoon&quot;, and &quot;Birthday&quot;. Harrison invites  Clapton in on &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot;, and somewhere  within the incessant chants of &quot;The Continuing Story of Bungalow  Bill&quot; can be heard the slightly tone-deaf whines of a certain Japanese  woman.     <br />    But, for my money, there is one song on this album that I  urge you not to overlook. At just over a minute, it is one of the most  poignant and sincere love songs I have ever heard in my life. I love it so  much in fact that I felt compelled to share it with a very special lady in  my life, and whenever I hear it, I am reminded of my deep love for her.  So  please, when you listen to the White Album, Disc 1, take a listen to Track  16, &quot;I Will&quot;.  Truly one of McCartney's greatest, albeit somewhat  obscure, tracks.   Buy this album!  You won't regret it!
6303921248|5.0|One of Jane Austen's finest works, Pride and Prejudice, has come to video in a magical production by Simon Langton.  Colin Firth plays a spectacular role as Mr. Darcy, giving the character the life that Jane Austen penned  him to lead.  Relatively ingenue Jennifer Ehle is the embodiment of  Austen's Elizabeth Bennet.  Jane Austen's work is being done justice in  film these days- from Emma Thomspons' beautifully adapted Sense and  Sensiblity, to Gweneth Paltrow's portrayal of Emma.  In recent years, both  Thompson and Paltrow have been recognized for their spectacular ability.   Unfourtunately, an A&amp;E production such as this could not have been  recognized at the Oscars, but it is apparent that this cast and crew  deserve the same noteworthy recognition as the actors that have been in a  larger Jane Austen production have received. Pride and Prejudice is  definitely a smart buy and most assuredly an entertaining film to see.
0312199066|5.0|Perhaps the greatest book about the space race ever written.  Gene Cernan has brought out the glory, pride, hardwork, and the tears of the Apollo days. His words made me feel that I too went to the MOON.  Yes, Gene did  good!
0684874350|5.0|I have been known to devour a large book in a day, but as I started to do that with &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; I stopped myself and started over. I wanted to savor every word, every laugh, every tear. The story was so  unusual, and the style so refreshingly real, that like good chocolate, I  wanted to make it last. I feel like I have been to the streets of Limerick,  slept in a bug- infested bed, and fish and chips and &quot;tay&quot; will  never again be taken for granted by me. Thank you Mr. McCourt for being  brave enough to share your life with us. I have grown from your  experiences.
B000002IAS|5.0|I had not spent much time following Eric Clapton until this album. Over the years it has remained in my top five list of rock and blues albums.  I have had three copies of the record and all have been stolen.  This album  is great going down the road listening music.  Southern Rock and Eric  Clapton and great songs, a truly sleeper album.
0876855591|5.0|It's strange to read Bukowski as a woman. You feel as if you should throw his books across the room in disgust, but instead find yourself chuckling and even empathizing. Then you want more. <br />Very few authors are capable  of laying down a good clean sentence like Bukowski could. Once you take  guilty pleasure in his writing, it's difficult to read most other authors.  They seem to use too many words. Ham On Rye will give jaded readers new  hope.
B00000IBRX|3.0|I saw WHAT DREAMS MAY COME and although ROBIN WILLIAMS and CUBA GOOODING JR, were great in thier roles I just found the rest of the cast uninteresting to make me want to watch them. The visual effects I would say  are awsome how awsome? I won't say just watch and see but they are the only  thing besides WILLIAMS and GOODING that save this film so I can't really  say it was one of the best films I've seen.
0767805712|5.0|this is the best movie i have seen in a long time. it was WONDERFUL. i loved the science-fiction themes and captivating plot! All Actors were wonderful for their parts and played the roles convincingly! DEFINATLY A  MUST SEE!
B000002UA2|5.0|Unlike other Pink Floyd albums which were hand crafted with the utmost care over a long period of time, this album was recorded over the course of two weeks while the band was in France in 1972. The resulting music shows a  band who work as well, if not better, in this more (dare I say)  &quot;raw&quot; style, than on their more polished efforts.  The album  opens with two choice instrumental cuts which give a good indication of  what you can expect from the rest of the album: quality Floyd!  &quot;Obscured by Clouds&quot; features a pounding moog intro over which  Dave lays down some of his trademark slide guitar lines. &quot;When You're  In&quot; shows the band in full funk mode. Other highlights are the supple  &quot;Wots Uh the Deal&quot; (one of the boys most lovely tunes) and  &quot;Free Four&quot; (which was actually released as a single - or at  least a promo). &quot;Childhood's End&quot; and &quot;The Gold it's in  the...&quot; are Pink Floyd at their most &quot;Classic Rock&quot;  (nonetheless great songs). Rick Wright's &quot;Stay&quot; is a really nice  piano led tune which features some finely executed wah wah from Dave. For  me however the standout track... and this may be a stretch for some of  you... is the instrumental &quot;Mudmen.&quot; If you haven't heard this  song it has one of the best guitar solos in all of Floyd's history (the  tone which Gilmour is able to achieve is unparralleled). This song is by no  means the instrumental filler one might expect from a &quot;rock&quot;  group on a soundtrack album.  By the way, if you ever see the movie  &quot;La Valle&quot; you will notice that the music used in the film is  different from that which appears on this album (they re-recorded the songs  for official release). It would be nice if in this digital age of  information excess we could get some archival Floyd releases, including the  original tunes from the movie (and perhaps some choice out-takes).
B000002IGV|5.0|The song &quot;The Price&quot; just makes this CD worth every penny. With classics like Capt'n Howdy, and SMF, this is one CD you'll be telling you're grandchildren about
0684867621|4.0|I found the book &quot;The Girl who loved Tom Gordon&quot; excellent and very catching, however, it lacks something King has had trouble regaining in his last few novels; yes, I'm sure all you King fanatics know this,  scariness. &quot;Bag of Bones&quot; was very boring and surreal,  &quot;Storm of the Century&quot; was rather uneventful, and now &quot;The  Girl who Loved Tom Gordon&quot; takes the takes the torch as the latest  King horror novel without the horror.<br /> If you are truly afraid of being  banished in the lonely depths of the Massachusetts forests, buy this book;  you will likely find it catching. However, if you're my kind, this book is  not the kind you'd flush your $10 for.<br />  Anthony  skelly@mvn.net
6304765789|3.0|57. THE GAME (thriller, 1997) On the day of his birthday millionaire businessman Nicholas (Michael Douglas) is visited by his brother Conrad (Sean Penn) with a gift. The gift involves Nicholas signing up for a  mysterious company which offers a `game', which in turn offers the  participants a series of surprises that \\"provides whatever is lacking\\" in  their lives. Though a rather pessimistic and somber individual Nicholas  accepts in the hopes of escaping the memory of a solitary childhood and  witnessing his father's suicide. When the surprises the `game' issues  become seriously deadly Nicholas wants out. But this particular game offers  no escape.<br />Critique: Nerve-wracking, high wire act of a movie directed  with guile precision by David Fincher (`Seven', `Alien 3'). So far all of  David Fincher's films have been good which is rare for someone who has been  dubbed as a purely commercial director. The sort of tagline that is a  deathnail for anyone seeking true legitimacy in Hollywood. Michael Douglas  is good in the role of another heartless tycoon type character in the mold  of Gordon Gekko from `Wall Street'. Douglas gives the character just a  slight insidious turn and taking him into Twilight Zone territory. It's  also good seeing Sean Penn in a first rate mainstream movie for a change.  Film is made in such a way that every detail has to be dissected in order  to make a logical progression of events. Which otherwise would seem chaotic  and purely coincidental. Towards the climax it all makes perfect sense and  provides a most welcome escape ending. When the credits roll and you know  it is truly over it is strangely satisfying and disappointing.<br />QUOTES:  Conrad: \\"What do you get for the man who has everything?\\"
B000002H33|5.0|Ah, the good old days.  The summer of '86, cruising the strip with Damage, Inc. blasting at top volume...sniffle....  And now, everything's all gone to garbage.  We've all grown up since those days, and I guess, unfortunately,  Metallica has too.  But at least we have the first three albums (of which  Master is the best) to remind us of how things used to be.  If you're one  of these little  kids running around with a sock on your head  and claiming that Load and Reload rock, then you really owe it to yourself  to listen to this album.  You should hear what they sounded like when they  REALLY rocked. Back in the good old days...
6301599977|5.0|What do you get when you combine some of this generation's best actors, a great story, and a beautiful score?  The best film ever made.  This is not just about baseball.  It is about dreams and miracles, and the power of  believing.  Burt Lancaster and James Earl Jones give sensational  performances in supporting roles, as do Kevin Costner and Amy Madigan in  starring roles.  This movie is unusual in another way:  it is much bettter  than the novel by W.P. Kinsella, a rare occurence in filmmaking.  Buy the  soundtrack if you like the movie.
6301661737|5.0|This was the first of Akira's movies that i have seen...iwas taken to see it by my mother who recognized my critical film watching nature as a youngster. I was thirteen when i saw this, and never stopped searching for  more of Kurosawa's movies, and have seen many (and include several as the  best movies of all time) but you know what they say about &quot;the first  time&quot;...i can't really say too much about the film that already has  been told, but i will say this...as a thirteen year old boy i felt kind of  funny weaping openly at the fact that i was witnessing sheer genious...not  at the scenes, the beauty of the film, or the plot (although when the  shadow warrior twirled his mustache, i did tear up along with the  servents!) but at the fact that film making could transcend the mediocre  nonsense that we hollywood mass consumers have come to accept as good or  even great cimema...i only felt that grateful for a film-makers  achievements for two other movies; the seven samuri and the recent  masterpeice &quot;life is beautiful&quot;....
6300215814|5.0|That's all there is to say, this is the best movie ever made
0375707972|2.0|I am surprised by Oprah's choice of books.  I found this book to drag on forever.  It was very vague with some interesting areas and went into way too much detail about nothing. Hanna's side of the story was never  discussed much and left you feeling depraved of half of the story line.   The one chapter at the end is the only one that lets you get to know her.   I might have had more compassion for her if I had &quot;known&quot; her  better.   Definately not one of the better books I have read.
6304233639|4.0|I would love to rate this movie 10 stars but the language is outrageous. Okay, so maybe it doesn't have as much as some like Apollo 13 but it still has too much. This is my absolute favorite movie. I just wish they would  have left out at least most of the swear words. My parents won't let me own  it because of all the swear words. I think it's an awesome movie despite  the language. If you can forgive yourself for listening to garbage language  then this is a must see!!!!!!
0679735909|5.0|I, too, found this book slow going at first -- but only at first.  Once the poets move to the foreground, the plot pushes you inexorably forward; I ended up sitting up until 3 in the morning to finish the book the first  time I read it.  The various writing styles used by Byatt are amazing; it's  difficult to imagine any one person can write so brilliantly in so many  different idioms.  One critic online said that the characters were  emotionally distant; I only found that true at first.  All of them reveal  themselves slowly and unwillingly, to each other and the reader -- but they  are eventually revealed in great complexity.  The ending is both very  satisfying and heartbreaking; every time I read it, I'm moved, even though  I now know it by heart.  Well worth the time and attention it takes.
B000002NHN|5.0|This is my second LM CD.  I thought I would never find one that I love as much as &quot;The Mask and Mirror&quot;, but this is it.  &quot;Marco Polo&quot; and &quot;Night Ride Across the Caucasus&quot; are hypnotic, and  &quot;The Highwayman&quot; is wonderfully tragic.  Each time I listen to  &quot;Dante's Prayer&quot; I find a lump in my throat, and I feel silly for  it, but this music will move you.  It is truly the most beautiful music I  have ever heard.  The Middle Eastern influences in her music are enchanting  and will make you want to dance.  It is a crime that more people don't know  of her.
0140430350|5.0|I once read that &quot;Vanity Fair&quot; had been classified as one of the &quot;most boring classics&quot; by a group of English professors, who hopefully have all been fired, as they can NOT have had any appreciation  for the incisive use of the English language, the witty skewering of  Victorian society, the rollicking plot, or the unforgettable characters.   Becky Sharpe isn't likeable -- but in the end, you have to admire her  insatiability and efficiency.  Amelia and Dobbin live out the stereotypical  storybook romance -- but Thackeray dares to show how the story usually  ends.  This is one of the few books that had me consistently laughing  aloud; virtually every page has a stinging comment or revealing moment that  catches the attention.  Although it's a &quot;classic&quot; (think  leather-bound dusty volumes with edifying quotes from the latin), this is  as vital, insightful, and &quot;modern&quot; a novel as you could hope to  read. (And for the record, I think comparing Thackeray and Austen is like  comparing Stephen King and Alice Walker -- they're writing at the same  time, but the similarities end there!)
0553293397|5.0|Like all of Asimov's best works, this novel is a tight exploration into how humans operate. He contrasts humans both with robots and with aliens in the work, and though humans have the lower hand here, he offers hope for  the future. The book happens to be a well-crafted mystery as well, just as  it happens to be science fiction. Good science fiction posits humans in  exotic locales doing ultimately familiar things. The fear of Elijah Bailey  is a bit odd, since it is of open spaces and sunlight, but we all fear  things, and Asimov gets to the heart of what fear is and how it can--and in  the humans' situation in the novel--must be overcome. It is an extremely  satisfying book, as most mystery novels are not.
0679720200|1.0|This book is too depressing and is way too dated. Don't bother reading it
6303921248|5.0|This is the best interpretation ever of Jane Austen's most popular book.  The casting was wonderful. Each actor was perfect for the part they played. Colin  Firth is the definitive Darcy. His ability to act even when he  doesn't open his mouth is amazing,(ie) The scene where he is walkining back  to Rosings Park after Lizzie has refused him. We only see his back but from  the way he walks we can tell that he angry and humiliated. Jenifer Ehle is  so great, she has Lizzie's spirit and independance down to a tee.(And her  fine eyes)
B0000025BA|5.0|As I wrote on the summary, this is one of the greatest album of the world. Though it was made about 25 years ago, all songs are still shining! Heveanly! Brilliant! I also can't believe that she finished making this  album in 5 dyas!!! Anyway if you haven't got this, please just click! And  enjoy it!<br />Thanks
6302238331|2.0|Man, what a bore.  I watched it because of all the accolades this movie has received over the years.  Maybe it was good years ago, but this movie has not aged well at all.  I mean, cmon, the whole premise is around  $500,000 worth of heroin.  Please.  Even in today's dollars, that's a joke.   The movie spends 10 minutes watching the cops rip the car apart trying to  find where the drugs are stashed.  Today, drug traffickers rent 26 foot  Ryder trucks to move the stuff around.  The vaunted chase scene was ok, but  again, it's nothing special compared to what's done today.  <br />Essentially,  almost the entire movie consists of watching a couple unlikeable cops tail  bad guys for over an hour.  Yawn.
0783232039|5.0|I really wanted to rent this movie but my mom said &quot;no I would never let you see that&quot;,so when I was with my best friend Cameron and his mom,I rented it and we watched it.It was so funny but not scary,at least  not after the first 5 minutes.
B000005JA8|4.0|Trout Mask Replica is a masterpiece, either by luck or by intention.  Frank Zappa did a good job piecing this production together for the Captain. Don Van Vliet's vocals are actually very high quality in their own  original way.  And combined with the cool accompanying music, a true  psychedelic masterpiece was born.  The outstanding gem of this work is  definitely &quot;When Big Joan Sets Up&quot;.  What a timeless, creative  piece.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This CD is amazing.  From the slow groggy tunes like Exit Music (For a Film) to the Quick sounds like Electioneering, to the just plain beautiful sounds like Let Down, my personal favorite.  If you do not have this CD, I  command to get it right now.  You will be forever grateful.  It you already  have it, get all the other Radiohead CDs, and if you have them all,  including the EPs and the audio documentary, you're like me, and you should  get the next Radiohead thing when it comes out.
006016848X|5.0|I am from Mars. There is no doubt about it. My Martion ways made me get this book to use as a tool to solve a very difficult problem of mine. That's why I gave a copy to my wife, who has been out of the house for over  a week, she has left me, why- NO COMMUNICATION! Plain and simple, which  caused resentment toward each other. Which harvested more bad feelings,  which led to hurt that I never thought I could feel. I wish someone would  have given us this book when it first came out. I know that our marriage of  seven years (together 13)would have been better, and would not be in the  present state. The down to earth content in the book is a real eye opener.  I only pray that she will also see how we both use the same words to talk,  but we talk a different language and can't understand each other. Once I  opened the cover and started to read, I could not believe my eyes. The real  deal right there in front of me. I saw how we both were'nt doing anything  wrong, we just did not know how to do it right and not build resentment.  But we did. After reading it, I now know how to at least try to understand  the language of the Venusian I have lost. I know I can't make her interpit  the content of this book the same way I have and excpect her to come  rushing back, but now I know how too help keep this from happening again in  my life. Reading this book has given me the power to change my Martion ways  so that we both can be fulfilled. Of course she has to want to be able to  understant the language that I speak, which is indeed Martion. If not, I  know the next Venusian I meet will have a better me. I say new couples as  well as old read this book, who knows, you might find something out about  not only your partner but YOURSELF.
0790736322|1.0|I must admit that I was intimidated by this film's reputation and walking in to the cinema I was actually nervous. &quot;The Excorcist&quot; came up on the screen in gothic blood red letters and I was frightened. When the  film started I was so laughably disappointed that I felt I wasted my money.  The whole film is spent thinking...........is this going to be the scary  part, is this going to be the scary part etc. In several parts of this film  I found myself in tears laughing, especially whenthe kid is doing some  sit-ups on the bed even Big Arnie would be proud of. Inbetween fits of  laughter I found time to snigger at the hilariously outdated special  effects and the acting...........enough said on that part. After being  genuinely frightened by variuos other horror films I found this supposed  scariest film ever a total f*** up.
6303073107|5.0|This film has set a precedent in film making.  A masterpiece in every sense of the word.
B000006NPY|5.0|The entire album is great.  I just stick it into my stereo and play the entire thing.
6305358567|4.0|Somewhat monotonous screenplay has been saved thanks to Cate's incredibly carismatic portrayal of Elizabeth, the Virgin Queen. Other than her, Jeffrey Rush deserves acclaim. Joseph Fiennes is a bit disappointing though.. Once you start playing this video, you will be captured by the sheer charm of Cate. My opinion is.. the Oscar found a wrong owner this year..
6301763041|5.0|This movie is one under Grease! I love Grease a lot. Johnny Walker A.K.A. Cry-Baby is cool, but not too cool. Unlike Danny in Grease, he won't let his friends stand in the way of true love. Danny wises up in the end thank  goodness. Cry-Baby turns his whole town upside down. My favorite song on  Cry-Baby is the Naughty Lady From Shady Lane.
B000001ED1|5.0|About two years ago, I knew and saw Joan for the first time from TV performing at the charity concert for 'War Child' with Pavarotti. Her singing &quot;St. Teresa&quot; was so impressive with her unique voice that  I immediatley paid attention to this talented artist. I bought the concert  video mainly because of her live. This morning I listened to the song  &quot;St. Teresa&quot; twice from the CD album of the concert. I love her  voice as well as her style.<br />I've forgotten to buy any of her albums so  far. Now I will start collecting her own albums with this album first.  Yes... I'm ready!
B000002KNI|5.0|This sound,rhythm and melodies are great. Simon and Garfunkel's performance is magnificent. I had difficulties to have a copy of this album (LP) in early 1982. I found it and got a cassette record. They influenced  to my musical point of view during my university education. Unfortunately  they are not together. But, I think the next generation must listen them.  It will show something different!
0375707972|4.0|This book is hard to explain because of the many different emotions that it leaves you with.  I don't really know how I feel about this book.  It was a good read and definitely raised many questions in my mind, but left  me unsettled.
6304675348|5.0|This is my favorite horror film of all time.  I thought the characters were so great, and for its time, the Drew Barrymore scene was so scary.  True modern classic.  This is like the Psycho of the 90's.
0767802772|5.0|I love Matthew Perry...he's handsome with a great sense of humor.  This is a &quot;keep love alive&quot; kind of movie...after you see it, it makes you feel good and makes you want to do whatever it takes to keep the home  fires burning.  The one and only thing I did not like is that they just had  to use  the &quot;f&quot; word right smack in the middle of the movie!!!   Why do they have to keep doing that!?  It's totally unneccesary in any  movie but especially this one! If you're a romantic at heart, you will want  to buy this movie and watch it over and over.
B000009EUM|5.0|woe to you who judges the 80's electronica of a-ha without a fair listen. this album is a masterpiece in every sense of the word. passion, humor, love lost... you name it, it oozes from scoundrel days. a great flowing  album start to finish. the price is a bit high, but you won't find a US  produced disc and you'll be lucky to find a cassette. i say get it while  you can. the soft rains of april are falling.
B0000029LG|5.0|When I first got the cd which that being Christmas at Cat's Music I couldn't wait to get home just hear how bumping  it really was.When I got home I popped it into my brand new Cd player/radio/cassette player and  Man!!! was I blown away by the 2disk set it was so astounding and amazing  how Michael Could suddenly make such a strong combat with such a powerful  cd.The cool thing was I liked the way the he made the greatest hits cd[1]  sound so brand new liked he had just recorded them with new ones.I also  like the pattern he had and the bumping songs on the new material.I mean it  opened up with &quot;SCREAM&quot; and&quot;They Don't Care About Us&quot;  both songs with very  good and  understandable lyrics and beats.Then the cd  goes into this cool somewhat an r&amp;b type of song with some slow music  tune entitled&quot;Stranger In Moscow&quot;.Next comes an upbeat and  uptempo song titled &quot;This Time Around&quot;,followed by &quot;Earth  Song&quot; then next comes &quot;Money&quot; then comes my fav &quot;Come  Together&quot;followed by &quot;You Are Not Alone&quot;,next  come&quot;Childhood&quot;.And the last 4 songs are   &quot;2Bad&quot;,&quot;Tabloid Junkie&quot;,&quot;Little Susie&quot;,and  lastly Charlie Chaplin's&quot;Smile&quot; which makes a great outro song to  the album.The song is telling you no matter what happens to you look on the  bright side and Smile it away.I suggest anyone who likes Michael should get  this album.Even though it turns 4 or 3 this year.The bad thing about my  copy of it is that it is the revised lyric release.
015650300X|5.0|I have now read this book in french and english and recommend that all who can do the same. It is a beautiful story, and makes you realize how much you lose by growing up, and how it is never too late to find traces of it  again.
0790731452|5.0|Once again, Burton has created another masterpiece.  It is a definition of Sci-Fi camp!  This is NOT a serious movie, but a very entertaining spoof for ALL sci-fi buffs.
0790736039|5.0|This is great movie for any horror movie fan. Anyway, in the library scene, there is a table of books that the guy has written. They are all parodys of Stephen King Novels! After watching this movie, I now have a  fear of clowns. Watching &quot;Storm of the Century&quot; inspired me to  see this movie.
6305311463|5.0|I don't usually care for action flicks, and I'd already seen  &quot;Deep Impact&quot;, so as far as I was concerned, this film had 2 strikes against it.  When it was over , I was clamoring for more.  And that ending....  WHEW!
B000002IZ4|5.0|Stone Temple Pilots are by far the best out there right now...They fit in with the likes of Led Zep, and are truly great. I just wish that they would get their act together and make some more great music together. I remember  the day i got this album...i took the train home and all the way home i  couldnt wait to get home to listen to it...i had heard &quot;Big  Empty&quot; from The Crow and i KNEW that this was gonna be yet another  album to blow up...From beginning to end this album is uncomparable!
B000007SPU|5.0|I dove into them about 6 years ago - and they blew me away.  They were worth the extra price for an imported CD.  Glad to see they've continued on.
6300263673|5.0|I'm a big &quot;Dirty Dancing&quot; fan, ever since I first saw the movie in 1987 or so. The dancing and the music still give me the thrills, every time I watch it. The movie also shows what real love is all about, and how  important it is to believe in yourself despite other people's opinions!  Great film!
B000002MG1|5.0|All songs on this CD are very good. Tracks 4 and 10 are especially good. The songs, Everybody Hurts&quot; and &quot;Man on the Moon&quot;, are two beautiful and inpriing ballads. New Orleans Instrumental No.1 (track 5)and  the Sidewinder Sleeps Tonight are just as good.
B000002U82|5.0|Pink Floyd at their best.  This album is like one long beautiful song.  The continuity is amazing.  Everyone should own this album.  Water's lyrics are ingenious and Gilmor's riffs are a perfect blend.  Wright adds some  very relaxing piano and Mason keeps the drums from overpowering the  beautiful melodies.  If you dig this one, try Wish You Were Here.
0385482582|5.0|This book is an inspirational and thought provoking guide for those that have never been through what Grove classifies as a Strategic Inflection Point.  As a leader in an industry going through massive change, I find  this book to be one of the few that I will refer back to time and time  again.
0684867621|4.0|I'm enjoying The Girl who loved Tom Gordon for it's setting. I love the New Hampshire forest and can appreciate King's description of the landscape.  Yet I also have to say, it's a little slow. I'm 150 pages  into it and Tom Gordon has only been mentioned a few times. I bought the  book because it combined the outdoors and the subject of baseball. But the  latter hasn't appeared as much as I'd hoped.<br />Like I said before, i'ts a  good book but not since The Green Mile has King been truly impressive. I  have yet to read Bag O'Bones but I will soon.<br />Hopefully something of the  likes of The Green Mile will be put on paper sometime in the near future. I  am a relatively new fan of Kings and hope to be for a while now. Let's hope  he doesn't let me down.
6305265488|5.0|The scenary was fantastic.  The costumes so real. The characters were perfectly cast from the arrogant prince and wicked stepmother to Drew as the lowly stepdaughter who dared to dream of a better life and saw it to  fruitation.  I would recommend this movie to one and all.
0800103661|4.0|It's too bad that the movie previews (trailers) didn't do a better job selling this fine piece of work.  There are shades of Orwell's \\"1984\\" running throughout this picture, and some of the science `fiction' has  already been realized.  And what hasn't, is so obviously just around the  corner.  Its basic plot is about haves and have-nots, called `valids' and  `in-valids' respectively.  A child who has been altered genetically (and to  be as near perfect as possible) is a valid, while a child who hasn't been  altered is an in-valid.  The story centers on two brothers, one a valid and  one an in-valid.  We follow the in-valid as he strives to enter into a  secured space program that is only eligible for the valids.  What he has to  go through to keep his secret puts the viewer on the edge of his seat.  The  stark cinematography enhances the entire film.  Although a few events  seemed contrived and there were a couple of plot holes that one had to  gingerly step over, all-in-all it was a thoroughly enjoyable experience.   Between 1 and 10, \\"Gattaca\\" gets a solid 8.  I wish more sci-fi films could  be done as intelligently as this one.  There wasn't a ray-gun in sight!
B000002VC5|5.0|This album can compete with the best of them 25 years later; it's a more adult version of &quot;Dark Side of the Moon.&quot;  This album has it all -- impeccable production; techno instrumental WAY ahead of its time;  dreamy, introspective lyrics.  A great album to listen to on a rainy  afternoon.
0800129806|4.0|\\"First Knight\\", for whatever reason, holds a warm spot in my heart.  Released at the same time as \\"Braveheart\\", it was overlooked by most movie goers.  Although not of the caliber of \\"Braveheart\\", \\"First Knight\\" was a  very enjoyable film with a wonderful musical score.  I liked the idea of  Lancelot being a loner who made his living from a sword, and also liked  Gere's modernized version of this character.  And what can one say about  Julia Ormond, except...wow!  If you haven't seen this film, and even if you  don't like the genre, I recommend that you pick up the video.  I think  you'll be pleasantly surprised.  Between 1 and 10, \\"First Knight\\" gets a  solid 7.
078322706X|4.0|Meet Joe Black's advertisemnets were the first thing that struck me.  Seeing Brad Pitt play a tortured otherworldy creature to the tune of Black Balloon by the Goo Goo Dolls just wrenched me.  Brad Pitt was amazing, and  Anthony Hopkins was superb as the business man with time running out.   Although great, it just didnt strike the chord that City of Angels did, and  I was a little peeved that Black Balloon didn't make it on the soundtrack  (It could have been an Iris-type hit) All in all, this movie was amazing.   See it and enjoy.
6300183971|3.0|To attempt to reproduce one of the finest sci-fi novels ever written into movie format is a daunting task, to say the least, especially a novel that is as deep as Herbert's masterpiece, \\"Dune\\".  I found the casting to be  first-rate, the costumes original, and the attempt to stay true to the  novel admirable.  However, classic novels don't always translate into  classic movies.  While the novel is mysterious and dark, the movie came off  as seedy.<br />As mentioned by other reviewers, it's obvious that the  production values suffered during the shooting of this film.  The special  effects went from very good to cheesy at best.  Throughout the book the  reader is placed inside the head of the cast of characters, allowing the  reader to pick up their thoughts.  When this is done in the movie, it came  off sounding contrived and amateurish.  For those attempting to understand  the film who haven't read the novel, the movie must have seemed like a  jumbled mess.<br />To be fair, this movie did many things well, but the  editing was too heavy-handed, and left too many gaping holes.  The expanded  version (one of many different versions, I understand),  helped only  somewhat in clarifying the multiple layers of plot exposed in the novel.   Although a worthwhile effort, the film version of \\"Dune\\" lacks in too many  areas to give it a positive review.  Between 1 and 10, \\"Dune\\" (depending  upon the version one sees) gets a very marginal 6.
6304083769|2.0|It tries to be too profound and complex, really. The art and animation are definitely sophisticated though. I liked the way they merged cel animation with computer graphics to give the visuals a realistic look and feel.  Still, I've seen a lot of better anime.
630534731X|3.0|Not to say I hate it either, but I've seen better sci-fi.  I first saw this when I was eight years old, and even then, nineteen years ago, it didn't make much sense.  Besides, since when are black holes BLUE!?   Science is completely ignored, and the ending doesn't make much sense.   Exactly where are the crew of the Palomino headed off to at the end of the  film? Even though this black hole is blue, why does it suddenly turn red  when the Cygnus is right near it? Great visual effects though, but movies  such as &quot;War of the Worlds&quot; are a much better find.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Simply the most emotionally charged, aurally satisfying album ever recorded.. There are no bands around anywhere near this good at creating SOUND, not just wanking on their instruments (jazz these days is in a sorry  state) or songwriting (anyone else sick to death of voice+guitar  singer/songwriters)?<br />Every song is a gem and inhabits its own little  sonic world that was created by, and this term is thrown around too much  but deservedly here, a group of geniuses.  <br />I'm almost too shocked  to speak after each listen to this album.  It's entirely accessible in the  sense that everyone can get something out of it, it's soul-searching and  cathartic for the musicians, its impressive in terms of the technical  issues, the concept, the art, the whole way through..<br />I could go on  forever, but, to end it with this: this is one of the most beautiful,  haunting, and heart-breaking albums you will ever hear and one of the best  of any genre, EVER.  After two years stewing in my juices about it, I think  i can make a proper decision about the album.  My initial hysteria has worn  off completely, and now I can see the album for what it really is.. pure  gold.
0780623703|5.0|Wow!  Best of everything in this one.  For those awake enough to appreciate it, Pleasantville offers a stunning journey (through the history of this world's prejudices) in a brilliant retelling of a metaphoric  'coming of age' story. The movie has so many levels!  It is simply a work  of art in every conceiveable way. The acting was purely wondrous. The  chemistry was remarkable.  The Pleasantville &quot;mother&quot; could've  never spoken a word through the whole movie.  She was bursting with  emotion.  Incredible.  And wait untill you see the ending!  What's that all  about?  TJ
6305265496|4.0|This movie does not pretend to be Gone with the Wind, but beneath its wonderfully romantic surface, there are important lessons about justice, trust, and truth behind fantasy. It makes you wonder if behind every fairy  tale, there is a real history yearning to be seen.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I thought the song why don't you get a job was great and so was pretty fly for a white guy,but some other songs were a little extreme with the language.But overall I though it was a pretty good CD.
078322706X|5.0|I absolutely loved this movie.  The underlying themes of love and family really touched my heart and made me feel the plight of every character.  The romance between Joe and Susan was one of the most endearing I have seen  in a long time.
0684867621|1.0|I was so excited that there was a new King book out after the horrible &quot;Storm of the Century&quot; , but after I read this one, I was asking myself if we were ever going to read anything as good as his older stuff  again.  I found it boring, the main character was okay, but I found  it hard to believe that a nine yr. old girl would say some of the things  that she did. All in all, when I was finished reading it, I thought what  Trisha thought at the end, &quot;That's it? That's all there Is????&quot;  Very disappointing.(Especially for $16.00)
6303965415|5.0|Apparently the viewer from Baltimore is not the nuanced fan of Jane Austen she (or he) would like to think she is. Perhaps \\"fans\\" such as this would prefer, say, Leonardo de Caprio and Cameron Diaz in the lead roles. I do not, however, believe this is what Austen would have wanted. \\"Persuasion\\" was Austen's last novel, and it is her most deeply felt and serious as well. It is often thought to be a reflection of the middle-aged and unmarried Austen's own experience of missed love, but in her case it never had a happy ending. There is a more sombre and bitter-sweet tone to this novel than to her others, and only the coarsest reading of it could miss that atmosphere. The film perfectly captures the feelings of an earnest woman who is beautiful in her own right, and attractive due to her intelligence and gentleness of spirit. She is clearly made of higher stuff than most of those who surround her, yet the brilliant actors and direction never resort to obvious or heavy-handed caracatures of types. Captain Wentworth is not pretty and is, thankfully and quite rightly, not attractive in the glossy, big-toothed Hollywood sort of way. He is, instead, handsome in his dashing and forceful character. Both Amanda Root and Ciaran Hinds are perfectly cast in this wonderful and faithful adaptation of Jane Austen's masterpiece.
0553296981|5.0|My best friend Sarah bought Hannah Goslar Remembers: A childhood friend of Anne Frank from a school book fair. Once she'd finished reading it she let me borrow it. It was excellent; so exciting yet sad and scary. One day,  Hannah had gone to pick Anne up so they could walk to school together, but  Anne had gone, vanished. Eventually the Nazis took Hannah and her family.  In time, Hannah's family died, leaving Hannah to look after her baby sister  Gabi. Hannah met Anne in Bergen-Belsen, a consentration camp. It's a must  read. Anne Frank's diary is the same, exciting, sad and scary. Hidden away  in the Secret Annexe, Anne writes down all of her personal thoughts for two  years until, one day it stops abrutly. The Secret Annexe hides eight  people, Otto, Eidth, Margot and Anne Frank, Mr and Mrs van Dann and their  son Peter and Mr Dussell. It's probably best to read Hannah Goslar  Remembers first though. Both books are the best things ever published.  (Hannah Goslar Remembers is by Alison Leslie Gold).
B00000DGUY|5.0|THE BEST CD OF THE WORLD!!! Mark Knopfler is the best guitar player of the world!!!
0684867621|2.0|This was a great disappointment.  This had a lot of posibilities.  There was no supernatural, unless you consider Trisha's imagination.  Placing yourself in her situation, it was frightening.  However why didn't Trisha  observe the first rule taught to all who are lost in the woods: &quot;hug a  tree.&quot;  After all she did learn some survival techniques from school  and her mother.
B00000ILOY|5.0|This must surely be the One Night Only (Live from Las Vegas) CD plus an additional 6 tracks not released initially. These extra tracks should have been included in the first issue - they are too good to miss!! A great live  album showing what great songwriters and musicians the Bee Gees are
6304539258|4.0|This movie is my least favorite in the Star Wars Trilogy. The reason is because of the beginning. After the Tantive IV has been captured, the following sequence I could live without seeing again and again. Tatooiene  to me is a somewhat boring place. Whenever I watch the movie I always fast  forward the beginning.        As for the rest of the movie, I think it's  classic Star Wars suspense and drama. The kind of movie I get hooked on.  That is one of the reasons I am such a Star Wars (trilogy) fan today.
006109594X|3.0|I enjoyed the story, but the book needs a little work. The author was quite obviously British, and he had Americans talking like Brits. We almost never use &quot;great&quot; for the word &quot;big&quot;. Also, he  manufactured a few ranks here and there. There is no such a thing as an  ensign junior grade, we haven't had a 5 star general since the fifties and  lieutenant commander is not abbreviated lieutenant. If it is shortened,  it's shortened to commander. Again, it was an enjoyable story, if a little  predictable.
6303908306|2.0|This is one of those movies whose failure is made worse because it seemed like it was going to be great.  The first half of the movie was very entertaining, so you might want to set your alarm and turn it off after an  hour.  Once you guess who the big bad guy is, most of the interest  disappears.  Then there's the unfortunate ending that shoots a big hole in  the rest of the plot.  The ending ruined the movie for me and left me  feeling cheated.
6300151379|5.0|I LOVE this movie. It's so perfect for both children and adults. I was born the year it came out and my copy of it is almost worn through; I've been searching for a way to get a new one for years. It should be  re-released VERY SOON, there are tons of people who want to buy it!
6300246876|5.0|Tora Tora Tora is one of the best films on the Pacific War that I have seen. I have seen other good films but none that have covered the bombing of Pearl Harbor from both American and Japanese sides and with careful  attention to detail.  A lot of money was spent on this film, but it was not  wasted because it takes you through the entire planning and political phase  as well as the final bombing of Pearl. This movie is definetly better than  Midway. Although Midway had a interesting story the Sinking of the Japanese  fleet carriers it lacked in accuracy in relation to warplanes and it's  budget for special effects must have been not any because it used old war  footage to try to substitute for action.  By the way about Midway the paint  schemes on those Japanese planes as interesting as they were are  historicaly inacurate. Tora! Tora! Tora! Pearl told as it actually  happened. One of my critics of Tora Tora Tora would be about the Japanese  delgates as embarrased as they must have been. I think it was overdone with  the weakness of there characters and the whole thing just stunk of old   stereotypes about people of asian descent. Other than that thumbs up
B000009M5E|5.0|I have listened many &quot;La Bohme &quot; but to my taste never heard so beautifull. Tebaldi and Bergonzi are marvellous .
6305265488|5.0|We are 2 girls here from Iceland,and we think this is the best moive EVER. You people how are reading this have to see this moive.Drew Barrymore and Angelica Huston are just great !!!
0061003697|5.0|Death on the Nile is, in my opinion, the greatest triumph of Agatha Christie.  The suspense, the characters and, of course, the plot, make this a five star book.  Enjoy it!
B00000I3JD|5.0|From having a son to becoming famous to her spiritual side,  Lauryn Hill unfolds her life in this album.  It's inventive, catchy and very sexy. You'll feel like you know her after listening, and you'll set your CD  player to &quot;repeat&quot;.
B00000DLVA|2.0|Overall this CD is really disappointing. Each song drags on with peppy but weak drum loops, random guitar gibberish and whining, incredibly tuneless vocals that make the hum-drum sound even worse. It takes a lot for me to  dislike a record, but this CD has all that and then some.
B000001FYL|1.0|BON JOVI IS O K IN ROCK BUT THISHAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE MOVIE SOUNDTRACK. I BOUGHT IT THINKING IT WAS THE SOUNDTRACK BUT IT IS NOT. AMAZON HOW ABOUT AN EXCHANGE, FOR THE REAL SOUNDTRACK? I WILL SEND YOU  JOVI.
B0000060NA|4.0|It is a wonderful bunch of songs. Most of his great songs are on this album like I Wish, Sir Duke, As, Isn't She Lovely, mostly because they have good beats and most of the words in his songs have some kind of neat story  like in I Wish he says &quot;Your mother gives you money for a Sunday  School. Your traded it for candy&quot; (And then the rest of the song) I  hope you find this record amusing!!!
0783233477|5.0|This movie beniefits from Brad Pitt's looks and charm. Overall it is a collage of beautiful people and characters. Anthony Hopkins provides the inner beauty that even rubs off on Brad Pitt as the movie progresses. This  movie provokes a powerfull emotional response and we are drawn into  identifying with the characters.
0783233477|4.0|This is one of my favorite films of 1998.  After watching it, despite the fact that I hated the remake of Psycho, I felt that Universal was wrong for firing Casey Silver.  Instead they should have turned their attention to  the advertising department.  I watched the trailer after the film and saw  how incorrectly the trailer depicted the movie.  As for the film's length,  I will agree that there were some aspects that felt unnecessary, but for  the most part, the three hours went by quickly.
0385486804|4.0|Haven't most of us---who discover the magical beauty of the deserts and canyonlands, and the majesty of the mountains---at some point in our lives thought about what this guy had done?  Yet we think about practical  necessities like earning a living, starting a family, establishing careers,  pandering to calls of material resource-seeking and accumulating, or that  we simply have to stay in touch with family and friends who unfortunately  do not share the same sentiment towards nature and wilderness.  I feel  somehow sad, though, that McCandless was too absorbed with his passion for  wilderness that he deliberately lost touch with his family.  I find it  selfish of him to &quot;disown&quot; the parents who themselves have  somehow instilled in him this love for natural beauty in the first place.
B00000BKDV|5.0|Killer cd! This is one of the best albumns of any band ever (it's my personal favorite!). Every song is awesome; there isn't a single flaw instrumentally or vocally anywhere on the entire cd! If you haven't heard  Maiden's music before and you're looking for an albumn with their best  works, I highly recommend this one! Bruce and Adrian are back with Maiden,  and I can't wait to hear the new albumn (due at the end of '99 I  believe)!Up the Irons!
B00000DF6O|5.0|What can i say???   B.B King has not lost a thing in all the years he's played the blues.  In &quot;Bayou Blues&quot;  B.B. plays with finesse, ease,style, and above all else, the insight of a blues sage.  To anyone who  gets goose bumps, tears in the eyes, or a lump in the throat when he hears  B.B play; by all means, pick up this cd. That's all I can say.  This album  is timely and very, very important.
6305126062|5.0|Captivating; modern yet timeless; beautiful scenes of the landscapes in Monatana - therapy to the soul; truthful acting; romantic yet lots for the imagination to complete ( no explicit sex scenes - good values are  portrayed); respect for aninmals and human beings - it describes a mature  attitude towards people - respecting them to grow in their own time without  forcing anything on any one.It also speaks of the much needed patience for  others which lacks in this materialistic and hectic modern day society.  Overall an excellent film worth buying and watching again and again!
B000002LCI|5.0|its a must have for all the 80s junkiesits a must have for all the 80s junkies born between 66-74its a must have for all the 80s junkies and punk rockers born between 66-74
B000005RFQ|5.0|Alot of people don't like this album, but who cares?  This classic album beats all of all this pseudo-metal crap that's out now, the production quality is somewhat lacking, but I got over it.  The music is heavy, some  of Sabbath's heaviest.  Does it rate as high as the Dio era?  Not quite,  those albums were some of Sabs Best IMO along with Ozzy Sab, but get this  album!! :)
0780622553|5.0|In order, this DVD is excellent!    The sound is gloriously full and weighty.  The corresponding picture is beautifully rendered.  The many shades of brown that form the color scheme of the city are painstakingly  laid out for the eye. <br />Mr. Proyas' vision, as manifest on the screen is  quite magnificent.  The story is layered, so that the audience believes it  is watching a routine but quirky film noir who-did-it murder mystery.   Underneath there is a much deeper and complex story that questions our very  definition of reality.<br />This is not an easy movie to watch -  it requires  a commitment out of the audience.  The first 15 minutes is a cyclone of  directorial virtuosity that can easily leave the viewer dazed and confused  (just like the main character, John Murdoch).<br />A must have film!!! A must  have DVD!!!!
6304082428|5.0|I love this movie! After watching 7 times in Russian I can see it in English now! It is my favourite movie.
0784011931|5.0|THIS MOVIE WAS AWESOME!!AND I thought that the first Terminator was good!! MAN... But this.. this was a masterpiece. James Cameron did the &quot;impossible&quot; of creating a sequel better than the original. <br />   What made this movie spectacular is that it had more action, more cool  special effects, more suspense, and even more surprises that the already  great &quot;Terminator&quot;. The plot was great!! Whereas, in the first  movie we just got a piece of the plot about the future.. We got the other  half of the plot in this movie!<br />   What can I say? This movie was  waaaaaaaaaaay cool! I loved the T-1000! He was awesome! The entire liquid  metal concept was so cool and James Cameron did a really SUPERB job of  making the T-1000 formidable and elicit fear within the audience.He made  him into a character that you would not want to mess with. This movie was  dark and I loved it because the idea of cyborgs possibly wiping off  humanity is a serious and grim concept.<br />  One of the best movies I have  ever seen and that is a fact! I LOVED this film. This movie puts a stigma  into the old credence that sequels are always worse than the original. That  need not be so always. Other movies that I thought were better than the  original were Rocky 4 and both Episodes 5 and 6 to the Star Wars Trilogy.
B00000HZHS|5.0|In utero is simply the best. It's honest, none-corporate feel is incredible. Songs like Serve the Servants, Rape Me, Pennyroayl Tea, and tourette's are absolutley works of pure genious. You could not ask for a  better album. R.I.P. Kurt
1558908498|1.0|The first one was bad enough, but they had to make a second one.  Too violent, too freaky, and too disgusting.  Only good point is seeing Neve Campbell get hurt.
078322608X|5.0|Even though the movie is loosely based on the French &quot;La jete,&quot; it does not really matter. &quot;12 Monkeys&quot; is more creative; it takes a different aspect of the original story and adds to it a more  twisted plotline. Don't be discouragerd it the movie makes no sense at  first. Watch it again and the meanings will speak themselves to you.  Appreciating this flick will be those who like the grotesque and the  bizarre as presented in many cinematographic successes of the late 1980s  and 1990s. Enjoy, explore and be amazed. The acting is actually better than  what can be expected from a second rate performers who starred in either  weird (Stowe) or beat-me-up action idiocies (Willis).
6304675348|1.0|It's scary.  It's violent and has needless profanity.  Did not need to see what happened to Drew Barrymore's character.
B000002WYT|3.0|DMB best album, but... Anyone looking for a jazz based version of DMB which blends styles ranging from funk to bluegrass through similar instruments should check out Bella Fleck and the Flecktones (I recomend  &quot;Live Art&quot;). Where DMB places lyrics that hold back their musical  potential, the Flecktones place great improvs and push musical boundries.   I have nothing against DMB personally, I just feel they're a little  overrated. If the average fan went out and purchased a Flecktones CD they  would realize that Dave doesn't have that original of a sound or great  musical abilities (I can play most of their songs on guitar and I suck).   Dave Matthews is great if you want catchy three chord riffs, but if you  wasnt music for whats between your ears, check out a Flecktones song such  as &quot;UFO tofu&quot; in which they play parts of the song forward and  backwards (with no mention of Paul being dead).  For the record, I belive  both artists (Bella Fleck and Dave Mathews) have appeared on each others  latest records. <br />P.S. All bassists NEED to own at least one Bella album.  Victor Wooten is a bass god!!!!!!!!
0783801602|4.0|I am in the military and a conservative.      I liked this book.  People seem to be really polarized on this one and that doesnt surprise me. If you are a liberal you probably wont like it but are you really surprised.   Books about the military arent exactly liberal fare anyway. Also, to those  who dont like all the technical stuff and complain about the novels length,  there are other authors out there for you.  Somebody has to cater to those  of us who like our action realistic, full of details, and long. By the way,  speaking of realism, this book has some rather grave errors in that  department which is rather uncharacteristic of Clancy.  These have been  fairly well documented in previous reviews so I wont go into them in detail  but mainly they have to do with language errors with a few technical errors  thrown in. Those errors are the only reason I cant give this book 5 stars.   Most of the other bad reviews given about this book seem to be from  foreigners who hate the U.S. or the military or both and also  environmentalists who seem to feel that they were slammed in this book. If  you like technothrillers and if you like Clancy you I urge you to try this  book.
0684867621|5.0|Is it me or does King just keep getting better?! I loved this book and poor little Trisha McFarland. I fought myself reacting to her out loud. Another amazing book by the incredible Mr. King.
078322706X|5.0|I SAW THE MOVIE MEET JOE BLACK AND IT WAS TO GOOD TO BE EXPRESSED IN WORDS. I ENJOYED EVERY SCENE OF IT AND HAD LOADS OF FUN WATCHING IT. WHY IS IT NOT ALLOWED FOR KIDS UNDER 15 BECAUSE THE MOVIE IS ABOUT DEATH AND  BECAUSE OF THAT HOW IT MAY INFLUENCE THE KIDS THEY KEPT IT FOR TEENAGERS  ABOVE 15. I AM 16 AND WENT AND WAS SO GLAD TO WATCH IT. THE ACTING OF BRAD  PITT IN THE MOVIE WAS TO GOOD EVEN ANTHONY HOPKINS. AN EXCELLENT MOVIE  WOULDN'T MIND WATCHING IT AGAIN. SO YOU GUY'S OUT THERE WHO HAVEN'T WATCHED  IT, THEN WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR GO AHEAD WATCH AND ADMIRE IT AS MUCH AS  YOU WANT. BUT DO WATCH IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000000W5L|5.0|Probably one of the five greatest rock albums of all time, only Dylan's Blonde on Blonde, Hendrix's Axis: Bold As Love, The Beatles' Abbey Road, and Springsteen's Born to Run are up to this standard.  The Stones'  greatest work, &quot;Exile&quot; - like the band itself -endures in  greatness.
0684874350|5.0|Frank McCourt's talented way with words and sheer story telling talent are what make this book stand out. Many people have an interesting story, but it is the way one can tell it that makes the difference between the good  old friend who tells stories of his youth, and the masterful, Pulitzer  prize winning author. McCourt tells of tragedy and misery. Shocking tales.  Yet he never sounds the least bit resentful, never casts blame. He faces  life with hope, love and humor. The style is ingenius.
0790739917|5.0|Why does this movie make me cry everytime I watch it?  While it may be true that it is not the best movie ever made, it certainly is an emotional masterpiece.  The acting of Meg Ryan and Nicolas Cage filled me with  romance, love and sadness.  No movie has done this for me in a long time.   So while the naysayers tell us it is not a great film, get from it what you  will.  The whole idea of Angels watching over us is too irresistable and  can give us hope.  With the way the world is today, what's wrong with a  litle hope?
6305313687|5.0|&quot;Wow&quot;, is what I told myself at the end of this film.  I was not expecting the untamed, full disclousre of life as a white supremisist.  This film takes us to a level of reality about society's problems rarely  reached by film makers.  The actors make this film come a live with emotion  and passion.  I've never hated a character as much as Derek at the begining  and cared so much about him at the end.  Truly a great performance.  I'll  be expecting a lot from him in the future, hope he can live up to the  acting challange he opened up with this film.  Hats off to director Tony  Kaye,  I don't know weather he walked a fine line with this film or threw  all the political corretness out the window.  The story is heart wrenching  and the plot developed very intrestingly.  I was so wrapped up in the plot  I lost track of time. Supporting actors had no choice but to justly frame  Edward Nortons shinning performance. Definate must see!
B000009DUY|5.0|I have to say that this is the best soundtrack that i have bought in a long time. The music very haunting and very emotional. not since Schindler's list has John Williams made a score that is so haunting. Don't  get me wrong his work on Amistad was good and many of his other projects  with Spielberg but this one is the best since Schindler's List. A rare gem  this is worth the money . So Go get this one because it is a rare treat not  that John Williams is the best but this is to good to be true. Not to  discount Hans Zimmer who composed the music for The Thin Red Line which is  also very good and is also one of my favorites. but this one just is simply  wonderful.
6305265488|5.0|I saw this movie at the theater first and enjoyed it thoroughly.  Then I rented it from the video store and still enjoyed it thoroughly.  I even found some things in the movie that I missed in the theater.
0823016285|5.0|Admittedly my review of this book is bound to be somewhat biased in that Gary Faigin was my master at the Art Student's League in NYC in the 80's. This admission should be weighed against the fact that we did not get along  all that well. Nevertheless, attempting the learn sophisticated rendering  from a book is a risky proposition at best. Your only hope of success from  this method is to get a copy of this book. The approach to training the  hand, the eye, and the artist's knowledge is an old one, more in keeping  with the French Academe of the late 19th Century. The chief difference is  that those methods were overly scientific and bloodless and this one is  NOT. Going through it and practicing its principles, page by page, will be  work of course -- but much more rapid and productive work than any  alternative I can imagine. Do yourself a favor. Quit wasting time on trendy  art instruction, go to New Mexico and sign up with the master himself.  Failing that -- Buy this BOOK!
0385493800|4.0|There were no shots in the night; cars exploding; heart stopping chases, but still I found myself totally intrigued by this story.  To me, Grisham revealed a different side of himself and permitted a character total  redemption from his past.  Some of the characters were not as finely drawn  as his characters in the past but I had the feeling he wanted it this  way...he wanted us to add some of our own layers of personal experience to  his.  I enjoyed the touches of humor when Nate experienced the jungle...not  unlike what I would do, may I add. Anyway, thanks for another intriquing  tale!
1559408898|5.0|Although the new scenes were few, they did a great deal to the movie. Robcop was a spectular movie when originally shown, but this version is even better. I recommend it.
0156528207|5.0|This is my favorite book.  It is not one that I have read over and over, but a beautiful little book that I look at and think of fondly, and simply feel like a child. What other book is written with such innocence and  sweetness? It made me feel like the world was such a beautiful and precious  place. (Also, it is ten times better in its original French version)
6304119046|5.0|About 10 years ago, I was near an art theatre in San Francisco that was playing &quot;Citizen Kane&quot;.  I'd heard it was a great movie, but knew little else about it.  Fortunately, I had a few hours to kill, waiting for  my then-wife, so I went in to see it.  I came out convinced that Welles  was, without a doubt, an absolute genius!  I've seen &quot;Citizen  Kane&quot; many times since then, &amp; I never fail to find something new  each time.<br />Orsen Welles co-wrote the screenplay, he produced the movie,  he directed it, he starred in it, and Orsen Welles was only 26.  At the  time of its release, &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; was controversial, political,  &amp; an absolute breakthrough in filmmaking.<br />Welles's junxtaposition of  the time sequence of the flashback scenes which comprise the bulk of the  film is dramatic in &amp; of itself, &amp; his use of deep-focus  cinematography, while not original but borrowed from slightly earlier  German films, adds tremendously to the visual impact of many scenes. Deep  focus (enhanced depth of field) also meant that Welles the Director had to  work painstakingly to position each scene element for specific impact,  unable to use focus to direct the viewer's eye.<br />This film has become so  important in American culture that I've seen or heard indirect references  to &quot;Rosebud&quot; many times in other genres. When you learn at the  end of the movie what it refers to, you grasp its symbolism immediately  (&amp; you see where others got the idea of using this technique in other  films). &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; may be in black &amp; white, but its power  will make you forget that quickly, as you become immersed in the story.   The characterizations are true to the era, unlike the characterizations in  more recent films about the same era -- another point that makes  &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; a standout.
B00000018T|5.0|Anyone who said that Elvis was dead after the army could not possibly have heard this album, and the singles that were released around it. This disc is fantastic! The DCC mastering is about as good as it gets. The stuff  simply has never sounded better. Anyone who thought Elvis lost his  intensity and his feeling for the blues after the  army (I have read this)  must be deaf! &quot;SUCH A NIGHT&quot; is delicious, Especially the ending  where Elvis oohs and ahhs as if suggesting a great night in the sack and  then belts out the final words... SUCH A NIGHT!!! as only he could. The  whole album is loaded with great tracks. &quot;RECONSIDER  BABY&quot;,&quot;FEELS SO RIGHT&quot;, &quot;FEVER&quot;, &quot;MAKE ME  KNOW IT&quot;,&quot;DIRTY DIRTY FEELING&quot;, &quot;LIKE A BABY&quot; are  also the KING at his vintage bluesy best, with all of the classic  &quot;wailing/shouting&quot;, &quot;moaning/groaning&quot; still perfectly  in place. Elvis is on fire throughout, and the album ooozes with emotion,  feeling, and intensity. The liner notes are also great, as is the  &quot;original&quot; cover shot. If your a fan of the king this album is a  must, DCC or RCA version, unless you own the 60's box set which includes it  all.  JOHN
B000002U6E|5.0|Many years ago, I loved a man who found me when he was attracted to the sound of &quot;Return to Innocence&quot; drifting out of my room.  We based our affair on that principle and for years I clung to the hope that one day  we would be reunited by our &quot;circle&quot; and the power this song  held.  But I never saw him again.  Now, with a love in my life that I place  above all others I can play &quot;Return to Innocence&quot; and bid a final  farewell to someone far away who I know let my memory fade some time ago...
B000002UBB|4.0|The Steve Miller Band reaches its zentih with this classic 1976 long player showcasing Miller at his best.  <br />The album starts off with Space Intro, a two-minute run of smooth escalation.  Amid a flow of simulated  wind, Jachym Young uses the synthesizer portion of his B-3 organ to build  up and up, eventually reaching the instantly-gratifying Steve Miller guitar  hook that kicks off Fly Like An Eagle.  Amid Steve's guitar and lyrics  about the flow of time and the desire to break free and fly like the  eponymous eagle, Jachym Young steals the show with his organ riffing,  reaching his height in the stop-and-go third verse.  He then closes it out  with the return of the haunting flow of wind, the segue into the  mezmerizing number Wild Mountain Honey.<br />Serenade, Dance Dance Dance, and  Take The Money And Run come off as done more for laughs than anything, this  trio piling on the cheese.  Serenade's inane lyrics and Take The Money's  humorous story of a latter-day Bonnie &amp; Clyde feature engagingly  deranged guitar by Miller.<br />Sandwiched within are the solid Mercury Blues  and the one-two punch of Rock'n Me.  Another instantly gripping drum-guitar  hook kicks off Rock'n Me and reappears amid the smooth flow held together  by Miller's engaging story of a man seeking a job anywhere to support his  girl.<br />His cover of You Send Me is a rarity - a cover that surpasses the  original.<br />The Window closes out the album with the return of Jachym  Young's B-3, but this time the keyword is subtlety; there is none of the  bombast of Fly Like An Eagle, and is a fine way of wrapping up this great  long player.
B00000IBRX|5.0|This is a very thought provoking movie.  Many lessons to be learned by looking at the possibilities of what happens after we die.  I was especially intrigued with the idea that we can lose our souls in other  people.  That happens here on earth all the time.  Interesting challenge in  life to love someone, but to not lose yourself.  Loved the special effects.   I didn't see it in the theater because several friends said it wasn't any  good.  Decided to rent the video and was sorry I missed in on the big  screen! It was certainly a movie that required you to follow every line or  you'd miss something.  Well worth my time in watching and I intend to see  it again.
078322706X|5.0|This is movie is way under-rated and it is sad how much the critics bashed it.  It could have been another 3 hours.  What a beautiful story and so absolutely romantic.  Too many movies are so disgusting, but this movie is  gorgeous. The acting was superb and the music was beautiful.
0812550757|5.0|This book was SO good!It was very emotianal and thoughtful.I just fiished it about 15 minutes ago.I loved it This and &quot; Ender's Game&quot; are certainly my two favorite books ever.I f you haven't read this amazing,  compelling and oddly cool novel, you'd better1 I can't wait to read  &quot;XENOCIDE&quot;!
6305265488|5.0|I love Drew Barrymore.  In this movie she even made me cry!!
B0000027I6|5.0|Waters took everything that Pink Floyd was after Floyd and sublimed it with KAOS and this album into a mystery on its own. I wouldn't be astonished if &quot;Tide is Turning&quot; and some  parts from that one  such as &quot;Three Wishes&quot; will survive even &quot;The Wall&quot;. If  not, it's only the fact that Gilmour is missing. Two of them hooking up  again could create something that explains what West was in the late 70's  and 80's to the next century.
B000002JR8|4.0|Don't get me wrong, this is one of the heaviest albums I have ever listened to, and it is very good. The only problem is that it starts to kind of lose steam after &quot;Slaughtered.&quot; Plus, there are a couple  of songs where I really do not like what Phil does with the lyrics.  &quot;Throes of Rejection&quot; and &quot;Good Friends &amp; a Bottle of  Pills&quot; are those two. Phil seems like he is not into these songs and  is just trying to finish recording them, b/c he sounds tired and lazy on  the vocals on these two songs. But then, that's just me. However,  &quot;Becoming&quot;, &quot;5 Minutes Alone&quot; and some others are  great, heavy and threaten to blow your head off. But still, I like Vulgar  Display of Power better, overall. BTW, loved the &quot;Planet Caravan&quot;  cover; few have covered Sabbath so well.
0060930349|5.0|One of the hallmarks of Mr. Johnson's spectacular career as a historian is his desire to get beyond the trivialities of detail (i.e. nitpickey reader from San Gabriel) and to explain how we, as Americans, have gotten to this  point in time - good and bad.  The sheer scope of this work can be  overwhelming if not viewed from this vantage point.  Also, this book makes  you think and it is HIGHLY opinionated.  However, Johnson meticulously  footnotes his tome and gives readers a bibliography in which he points  readers in the direction of books with opposing viewpoints to his own.  It  is true that anal-retentive liberals won't like this book and will, instead  of focusing on the profound issues of the book, use the &quot;hey this fact  isn't correct&quot; diversion.  Don't be fooled!  With a book of this size,  an error here and there is bound to happen and a better editor might have  caught this.  However, it does not detract from a well-written and highly  entertaining history
6304938241|5.0|Henry James is very difficult to translate into a film (remember Jane Campion's version of &quot;The Portrait of a Lady&quot; with Nicole Kidman?).  This film is excellent in every respect.  Iain Softley's  direction is impeccable.  While all of the actors are perfect in their  roles, Helena Bonham Carter is magnificent.  In her eyes, you can watch the  machinations of her character's brain at her work.  The screenplay,  photography, costumes, art direction and music are also superior.  The film  captures the multiple levels of the book:  a love story, a study of British  class conflicts and a look at British vs. American cultures.  The film  depicts the unfolding events in an unsentimental fashion allowing the  audience to make their own judgement resulting in a different emotional  response by the end of the film depending on the opinions of the viewer.   Definitely, one of the best pictures of the year.  You will be reflecting  back on this film and discussing it long after it is over.
0792839846|5.0|Most of my friends at high school think that because this movie doesn't have explosions, or a sinking ship, it's not worth their time.  I must say that this is a shame.  Casablanca is a love story for the ages.  And  quotable, too!!!  Name me one movie with more quotable lines (and  &quot;Jack, I'm flying&quot; doesn't count).  Humphrey Bogart dominates the  film as Rick, but you can't forget Ingrid Bergman's fantastic performance  as Ilsa, the girl Rick never truly gave up.  An underrated job is given by  Paul Henreid, the essential third corner to the love triangle.  So, despite  the lack of explosions and Leonardo DiCaprio, you must see the true gem  that is 'Casablanca'!
0780622650|5.0|i thought it was ne of the best movies i seen the cast was great  in thier own way and i dug the story  it rocked it just blew me away:)
0380977281|5.0|The only negative aspect to this novel is that I really didn't want it to end.  I absolutely adored this tale!  When I was done reading this book, I gave it to my 15 year old daughter, who was just as enthralled with the  characters of Wall as I was. As with Neverwhere, Neil Gaiman creates a  richly layered landscape interwoven with surprising plot twists, complex  characters, and humorous touches that make you laugh out loud. Neil Gaiman  is without question a supremely talented writer who can best be described  as a combination of Tolkien, King, Clive Barker and a dash of C.S. Lewis,  yet completely with his own unique style.  I eagerly await his next novel!
B000002UAX|5.0|Not liking the Beatles is as perverse as not liking the sun.  This is their best album ever, and if you don't own it already ... for Heaven's sake buy it NOW.
6305263248|3.0|Great seeing Jean Reno again, and as always, De Niro shines. But abut halfway through the movie, the sound went out of synch and I spent the rest of the film watching the mouths move and the words come spilling out a beat  later. Shades of Japanese sci-fi films of the 60s! Am I the only one who  noticed this?
006109594X|1.0|I cannot believe how reviewers could compare this with Clancy. There are so many facts plain wrong regarding naval aviation that I can hardly believe it. Be it ranks, the details of flying an aircraft or operations on  a carrier or the radio communications - many things are ridiculous, most  plain wrong. It spoils what could otherwise have been a great book -  especially since all these facts are readily available, e.g. by reading a  few from Clancy, Coonts et al.
0375707972|4.0|The Reader asks the questions that post war Germans ask themselves about their nation's dark history and the personal involvement of those close to them in the Holocaust.  After the horrors of the Holocaust became known  throughout the world - it seems impossible that such a horrific crime could  ever happen again.  However, the individuals that committed these crimes  are grandparents, parents, neighbors, professional associates of present  day Germans - it is difficult for them to believe that people with whom  they have personal relationships have either committed the crimes or  associated themselves with the perpetrators.  This book will leave you  thinking.
B000000IVW|5.0|This album is a must!!!  It reflects what rock and roll really is about.  Just the fact that this album came out on rock and roll's (or at least pop rock)peak.  You wanna rock, don't go Silverchair, don't go Green Day, go  Guns, go Skids, go late 80's.  I wish that later on, this band wouldn't  have been sucked into the commercial and lame post-rock era, you know, they  decided to &quot;use their illusion&quot;, etc., etc.
6305127689|5.0|Top Gun is one of those movies that excellently portrays the macho, patriotic, slick and arrogant styles of the 1980s that President Ronald Reagan's tough-line policies and patriotic attitudes generated.  I was only  five years old when Top Gun first came out, and I loved every bit of it.   While the acting is a little cheesy, the storyline a little flimsy, and the  undertones rather sexist, one of this film's biggest highlights are all the  slick cliches.  How could any of us forget:<br />&quot;I can see it's  dangerous for you- but if the government trusts me, maybe you  could.&quot;<br />&quot;Actually I've only done this twice.  First one I  crashed and burned.&quot; &quot;And the second?&quot; &quot;I don't know.   I'll tell you tomorrow but it's looking good so far.&quot;<br />&quot;I'm  holding on to close.  I've lost the edge.&quot;<br />&quot;You don't own that  plane, the taxpayers do!  Son, your ego's writing checks your body can't  cash!&quot;<br />&quot;I feel the need...the need...for  speed!&quot;<br />&quot;You were alot like your old man.  Only better...and  worse.&quot;<br />Of course, the Navy recruiting efforts and Pepsi advertising  in this movie seem a little overt, but all in all, it's a good movie if you  want to see all the 80s stereotypes played out.  It's one of those films  that earmarks a generation.  I really miss the 80s when I watch this movie.  I mean this film really demonizes the Russians and makes Americans look  great (it makes the Evil Empire look even more Evil).<br />If you want to  instill a sense of patriotism in your kids (and yourself) buy this film.   Sure, it's propoganda at its best, but hey, it really makes you proud to be  an American.  <br />Mister Gorbachev, tear down this wall!! (Oh wait, it's  already down)
B00000ILBK|2.0|I've grown up as a Trekkie and remember waching the old TV Series as a child with my father. I've always thought the magic of Star Trek was maintained very well over the years and through the various spin-offs, with  only occassional minor let downs. I tried to be as open about Insurrection  as possible, but found it a complete dissapointment. The story felt pieced  together with a variety of unrelated issues appearing once and not being  built upon at any other point in the film. There were far too many scenes  that were not only predictable, but had an element of, dare I say, being on  the hokey-side. The special effects were over-rated as I found many of the  ships to actually look plastic, while the cinematography gave the film a  MTV look. This film did not, in my opinion, carry the weight or impact of  its predecessors. While it may be worth completing the collection for some  die-hards, this one is waiting for the release of the earlier films.
B00000IBRX|5.0|This movie, this story is a monument to what true love should be. For anyone who truly believes that they have a soulmate (maybe a trite term in the 90's, but descriptive) this movie is an affirmation.  True love endures  all things, conquers all obstacles and always finds a way. Finding this out  too late truly is hell. Finding your soulmate and losing them because of  selfish pride is worse than hell. There will be critics that will find  fault in the acting, the cinematography, the screenplay. They wouldn't get  it if it fell on them. This story isn't about awards and accolades, it is  about love. I wish I had seen it 17 years ago when I was leaving my  soulmate because I was too damn proud to stay with her when the going got  rough.
6304595247|5.0|...But I simply do NOT see what the 1939 Olivier version of &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot; has over this one.  Seems to me, the sentimental, overstated style of filmmaking that was popular in the 30's is  ENTIRELY innapropriate for an adaptation of Bronte's great novel.  The  lovers in Olivier's version speak in a manner of affected innocence which  grates on the nerves, and are forever giving eachother milky-eyed stares.   The dark, smouldering-beneath-the-surface passion that is communicated in  the '92 version is a much better interpretation of Bronte's writing style.
0783233477|5.0|Why can you watch this movie 10 times and still be exited to see it again?  Why do all your friends who did not see this movie because of some bad  reviews like it so much, that they like to see it again? Why wouldn't you  want to miss a single minute of it's 3 hrs? Because &quot;Meet Joe  script, a superb cast, directing with a vision. Even the smallest details   Brad Pitt has never been better and more sexy; Anthony Hopkins and Claire  Forlani give a world class acting performance. This story has depth, it  takes you from suspense to romance to comedy, from laughter to tears. You  sound track, excellent picture quality and generous extras! A real steal  for the price. I wish Meet Joe Black would run even an hour longer...what  about a director's cut in the future
0671043013|4.0|Anybody who grew up poor and in a big city can relate to Frank McCourt, although his poverty is ten times what most of us encountered.  His Irish wit tempers a story that would be unbearable to read without it. Yet he  doesn't see himself as a &quot;victim&quot; but as a survivor.  The pitiful  alcoholic father is too far gone to even care what happens to his family.   Somehow McCourt lives through all this to tell his stories.  Once I started  it, the only time I put the book down was during the children's deaths.  I  had to take a breather from that, but started reading again the next day.   I think it's one of the best books I've ever read, it will stay in my mind  forever.  It's made an indelible impression on me.
0782008372|1.0|Highlander is one of my favorite action adventure movies. My review is not about the quality of the film, it is about the Horrible lack of quality of the DVD version.Simply put, the DVD is unwatchable. The image is  constantely shimmering, and full of artifacts. The company must recall  these unacceptable DVD's and remaster the movie professionally. How dare  Republic pictures/Lumiere distribute a poor product like this.
6303589170|4.0|\\"Starman\\" is a top notch sci-fi movie that boasts a wonderful performance by Jeff Bridges.  It is a story of first contact with a twist--an alien flys to Earth after receiving a welcome message from Voyager, only to find  the human race hostile (the U.S. Air Force shoots down his ship).  The  alien takes the form of a dead house painter via some DNA trickery (yes,  the plot is thin), then abducts the widow and makes her drive to Arizona  where he will meet his mothership.  The 3-day journey is one of discovery,  not only for the alien, but the bewildered widow as well.  Alternatively  funny and touching, \\"Starman\\" turns into a love story, and it works quite  well.  What doesn't work is the standard Government/Military  `capture-and-kill-the-threat' scenario.  In spite of this weakness,  \\"Starman\\" gets 8 out of 10.  If by chance you haven't seen this film, by  all means pick it up.  It is well worth the time, even for people who don't  normally like sci-fi.
6300247120|5.0|This movie is on my list of personal favorites.  Give it a chance and I'll bet it will be on your list too.  I watch it at least once a year.
B000002TQV|5.0|This record has it all, heavy guitar, acoustic tracks, excellent vocals.  Absolutely perfect and no other way to describe it.  Every track is an absolute masterpiece in it's own right.<br />BUY THIS RECORD NOW OR REGRET IT  WHEN YOU DO.
B000003TAW|5.0|How can I say to describe this album... This is the greatest rock CD I have ever had in my whole life. 4 musicians made a very deep feeling about love , walk of life , sweetness and COOL LIFE! Ho ho ho... I LOVE weezer  from my HEART!!! <br />Power POP + ROCK from the best alternative-rock band in  USA !
0385484518|5.0|I found this book to be one I couldn't put down.  It is full of unexpected lessons and thought-provoking events.
6305013578|1.0|I wasted $10 on this joke of a DVD.  The images are nearly unrecognizable, the music just a public-domain classical score and the &quot;extras&quot; a joke.  I'll remember this company and tell my friends to avoid their  products.  It looks like they had a bad print and aimed a video camera at a  wall to record it.
6303201997|5.0|For some reason people seem to hate the movie just because shatner directed it. True the special effects were not up to par, but Shatner's buget was about 8 million bucks less than any of the other movies. Shatner  also wanted Nicholas Meyer to write the script(which he did for most of the  other movies) unfortunatly Meyer was unable to. Keeping in mind these cut  backs Shatner did a fantastic job directing. Shatner, Nimoy, and Kelley  gave great performances and there was alot of humor and adventure brought  out in the movie. For some reason people automaticly hated the film just on  the fact that Shatner directed it, which is the stupidest thing anyone can  do
B00000255F|5.0|born to run is without a doubt the greatest rock and roll album ever. every song from thunder road to jungleland is excellence. it's a shame that most people know bruce from born in the usa and &quot;dancing in the  dark&quot; than his other works. people, listen to the river, darkness,  nebraska, and tracks, and you'll know why bruce is the greatest musician in  the history of rock and roll.  LONG LIVE BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN!!!!!!!!
0684800713|5.0|This is a great peice of work.  it stays true to life and reveals the thrill of life added through drink.
6305297207|4.0|This is one of the best transfers to dvd for a crummy low-budget first rate horror flick from the early 80's. Cross between Friday the 13th,the Excorcist and the Adams Family. Great movie to add to any collection.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I think that Lauryn's debut shows a remarkable talent.  With all the angsty music out there it is nice to listen to something that isn't a downer.  Also, to all those who dogged the album because of Lauryn's  &quot;racist statements&quot;, I honestly believe that she did not say  those things.  Call me naive, however, I have read interviews where she has  denied these statements.  And it honestly does not matter because she is  talented and brilliant and I like her music.  I would reccomend it to  anyone who likes soul, r&amp;b, and hip hop.
B000001GBJ|5.0|I basically ordered this CD accidently when I ordered two CD's by Vanessa Mae.  I still don't quite know how I did it but when I got the CD I was so glad I received it.  This has got to be one of the best CD's I have ever  owned.  No matter how bad my day went this will bring me down to a very  relaxed level.  It is a beautiful CD.
068483605X|5.0|I read this book nearly 20 years ago while in grade school and its still one of my all-time favorites.  Richard Adams took an apparently whimsical story and turned it into a parody of epical proportions.
0451169514|5.0|I had never been a fan of Stephen King until I saw the film version of IT at age 10.  It effected me for months. Suddenly walking past a drain pipe became excruciatingly horrific.  One year later my brother bought the book  and I took it upon my 11-year-old shoulders to read it.  Being the same age  as the losers at the time I was intrigued.  While it is well over 1,000  pages long, I have read it about 6 times.  The time setting for the  childhood horrors couldn't have been better.  The innocence of the 50's  clashing with the evil living inside the drainpipes of quaint Derry, Maine.   I have never loved a book this much.  King does a great job of switching  from the respectable well-off grownups of the 80's to the strong children  of 1958.  On second viewing I hated the movie.  It did nothing but cheesily  retard the book.  It barely stuck to the storyline.  If you have some time,  definitely read this horrorfest.
0783227434|5.0|I saw this movie, after much prodding from friends, about a year and a half ago (on VHS)...  I loved it.  After I moved up to the DVD arena, this was one of my first purchases, and I've watched it several times since (and  I've laughed to tears each time)...  This is not a movie for everyone, it's  humor is purely self-depricating, and very ironic.  This is one of my  all-time favorite comedies, and after having seen the first two in the  series (Evil Dead 1 &amp; 2), I can say this movie only gets funnier (there  are lots of self-depricating references to the prequels).  Also, if you're  looking for good retorts and one-liners, this is your movie.
6304005490|5.0|As much as I LOVE &quot;Pillow Talk&quot; and enjoy &quot;Send Me No Flowers,&quot; this is my favorite, and I think the best, of the three Doris Day-Rock Hudson films.  The humor is sharper and bolder, and the  pay-off punch lines even better (&quot;And I'm taking you in,&quot; Rock  ironically tells Doris as he plots to reel her in.) Tony Randall is an even  funnier foil here as the ineffectual boss than he was as the &quot;best  friend&quot; in the other two films.  As always the the sets as lush, the  costumes stylish, and the color is lavish.  What a treat even 37 years  after its release to watch this old-fashioned sex comedy!  As they say,  &quot;they just don't make'em like this anymore!&quot;  More's the pity.
0804106304|5.0|It was a wonderful story of 4 mothers and 4 daughters, who struggle to understand each other. I also draws you in to the hardships these people faced.
6303039456|5.0|This movie is a delightful, heartwarming adventure.  Doug E. Doug is bursting with hilarity!  Cool Runnings will turn cynics into softies.  Rock on, Jamaica!
6304458894|5.0|Sci-Fi buffs looking for a serious depictment of an alien invasion from Mars will be seriously disappointed by this movie, but EVERYBODY WITH A GOOD SENSE OF HUMOR WILL LOVE IT!!!  This is the first film story ever  based on a bubble gum card series, and one from the early sixties no less!   And it's hilarious!  The Martians are pure evil, just as they are in real  life!  Jack Nicholson is great in his dual role of U.S. President/Las Vegas  hotel owner, and the rest of the cast is almost perfect.  My favorite  scene: when that one Martian dresses up like what Martians consider to be a  sex goddess.  She's a bizzare mix of creepy and sexy, which I found  brilliant on the part of the director.
B000002MZ6|5.0|I have long been a fan of Mike Oldfield's.  I have owned this CD for over two years and I must play it at least twice a week.  With nearly every listening I become aware of new sounds and experiences.  I particularly  like to play the CD on a surround sound system with a subwoofer.  It is  also great with a good set of headphones.  It is an interesting experience  to play the CD while viewing the stars on a late night flight at 38,000  feet.  I am anxious for a sequel.
6304493681|5.0|I've watched this DVD no less than 10 times, and I've thoroughly enjoyed each and every one of them (every time I've managed to discover something new).  The story is excellent, and sans a few preachy parts (which were  necessary to get the theme across in under 3 hours), the movie moves  quickly.  The animation is superb (only slight strangeness around the  &quot;Police&quot; logo on the helmets, but that was present in the LD),  and the English 5.1 track is demo-worthy (the tank battle scene is  incredible), thankfully the dub is good, since the Japanese track is only  2.0.
6300185311|5.0|Although I think this is the weakest of the three Doris Day-Rock Hudson comedies, it definitely has its very funny moments!  And it's hard not to give any of the three films less than five stars since they really ARE  funny!  &quot;Send Me No Flowers&quot; shines best when Rock  &quot;hears&quot; of his coming death, when Tony Randall crosses off lines  and whittles down his memorial service speech to almost nothing, and when  Paul Lynde sells cemetery plots!  There are lots of other funny moments,  too, that make this a really worthwhile movie to brighten your TV screen.   It's really too bad there are only the 3 comedies from Doris and Rock, but  we just have to be grateful for what we've got!
1573226521|1.0|If you can't think of anything for your characters to do, have them smoke some more dope.  That seems to be the most distinguishing feature of Garland's writing style in this lame tale about a bunch of uninteresting,  shallow-minded, self-absorbed drifters who end up in their idea of  paradise...a beach stocked with its own marijuana plantation and a Gameboy.   None of Garland's characters evokes any sense of empathy, rather, they  evoke a dull sense of disgust combined with a desire for the Thai  authorities to find these people as quickly as possible and lock them away  where they will never be heard from again.  <br />To compare this piece  of...fiction with Lord of the Flies is an insult to the artistry of William  Golding.
0920668372|5.0|All I can say is this is a beautiful story, my 4 year old snuggled up and asked me to read it again, eventually repeating the song herself and smiling as I told her she'd always be my baby (as we snuggled her baby  sister). Its sweet and made me want to cry, smile and hug my children  forever and ever.
015670160X|5.0|&quot;Orlando&quot; served as my sweeping introduction to the incredible writing of Virginia Woolf. (For anyone who has seen the movie, do yourself a favor, and read this amazing book!) One is forced to wonder what sort of  genius mind Woolf possessed; only a mind of the finest tuning could have  produced such a work! &quot;Orlando&quot; is truly representative of  superior literature and demonstrates the art of writing at its finest! No  review does the novel justice...any topic imaginable is covered..of course,  all is reviewed from the standpoint of five passing centuries and multiple  backdrops ranging from the exotic to the droll. Woolf's treatment of  sexuality, intelligence, consciousness, time, and the human psyche is  poignant. &quot;Orlando&quot; is definitely worth the read. No matter the  reader, &quot;Orlando&quot; is sure to be an unforgettable novel, its  author's genius surely to be admired.
0385484518|5.0|This book showed the truth about life. It made you realize the small things we all take for granted. If everyone could realize these small things the world would a much better place. I would recomend this book to  anyone,it's a great and inspiring read!
6305127689|3.0|I ordered this DVD as soon as it was announced, and I'm glad that I own it (I absolutely love Top Gun, and the DD 5.1 track is very nice), but Paramount needs to get a clue!  The video transfer is better-than-average,  but there is some MPEG artifacting (especially in the widescreen cut), *no*  extras, and the menus are rather annoying.  Top Gun is a great movie,  definitely worth buying if you enjoy it, but compared to the disc Gods (New  Line, Criterion,  Warner), this is hardly a DVD spectacle.  There are far  better demonstrations of what the medium can do in terms of audio (Fifth  Element, Armageddon, Ghost in the Shell), video (LA Confidential, Tomorrow  Never Dies:SE), and virtually all discs have more extras than this.  Shame  on Paramount for making a wonderful movie but a far-below-standard disc.
B000002C4J|5.0|I absolutely love this CD! I listen to it almost every day. My favorite songs are My Heart Will Go On, To Love You More, Immortality, Miles to Go Before I Sleep, and When I Need You. Get this CD if you are a Celine  fan!!!!!
B0000020C4|5.0|As someone who fell in the love with the story of Les Miserables at the age of 13, and am now singing the score in my high school concert choir, I am absolutely enthralled by this recording of the music from the musical.   The actors and actresses that sing the parts in this rendition are  absolutely brilliant.  They bring the story to life through the music with  their awe-inspiring voices, especially Eponine and Valjean.  I find myself  walking down the hallways at school singing these songs because the  arrangement is so breathtaking and yet catchy at the same time.  If there  were more than five stars to give, I would do so.
0783228317|5.0|Gilliams directing is awsome, Depp is great and DeToro is the perfect psycho. It adapts almost excactley to the book i recomend it to anyone who has read any of the good doctors books, or anyone. go see it now.
B0000057C5|3.0|I'm not that a big fan of Rammstein, but a couple of songs ain't bad. I think if more people knew what Rammstein are singing about, less people would buy this CD. But I have to admit, their performances really rock:)
0871137380|5.0|What a great book. I was so wrapped up in the story that I cried when some of the American soldiers died. The details of the equipment and tactics are also compelling.
B0000025CP|5.0|This is the first and only Judas Priest cd i own. Its there most unique one.  I do like the other Priest stuff.  and will rent their live video and listen to it wherever i hear there other songs.  I dont by any other Priest  albums cause this one is so good the others couldn't possible live up to  this one in any way.   No matter how great the other are.  Which I'm sure  they are.   Its just that Stained class is so good it has me scared stiff  that any other priest album wont live up to even 1/20th and accual ruin  their image in front of me.   so i probably phrased that all wrong but you  get the picture.  ITS GREAT!
0792837983|3.0|Although Stanley Kubrick took meticulous care when making his movies, &quot;Lolita&quot; doesn't quite measure up to his later masterworks (&quot;Dr. Strangelove,&quot; &quot;2001,&quot; &quot;Clockwork  Orange&quot;). I enjoyed the movie very much for its naughty charms and  double entendres (Camp Climax, and so on) when I initially saw it several  years ago. Unfortunately, after having seen Adrian Lyne's 1997 cinematic  interpretation, and after having savored several times Vladimir Nabokov's  intricate manipulations of the English language (as well as others that  make cameos throughout the book), the film seems like it has much missing.  For instance, gone is Humbert's proto-Freudian rationalization of his  predilection for nymphets. And gone from Nabokov's screenplay are such gems  as Lolita watching the film &quot;Stan and Izzy&quot; (starring Mark King),  and the character whom Lolita calls the &quot;Nut with the Net.&quot; (An  intended Hitchcockian cameo by the author, hunting butterflies.)<br />Kubrick  assembled quite a good cast. James Mason is superb (as usual) as Professor  Humbert, infatuated with the twelve year old titular character. His iciness  and sang froid work well in contrast to the poisonous bubble of lust  within, although he is not nearly as malevolent as Nabokov's Humbert. Mason  is Humbert the Humble in this film, while in Lyne's version Jeremy Irons  comes closer to Humbert the Horrible: part-tragic, part-sardonically  humorous, part-swine. Shelley Winters is perfect as vulgar bourgeois  phillistine Charlotte Haze, mother of Lolita and (briefly) wife of Humbert.  Unlike the book, however, Kubrick allows us to see a bit of pathos in her  character (Something Humbert, in his musings, never would have allowed  &quot;The Haze Woman.&quot;). Perhaps the most maligned casting is of Peter  Sellers as Clare Quilty, the playwright who takes advantage of Humbert's  disadvantage by luring Lolita away from him. Sellers may overindulge   (under thetutelage of Kubrick, of all people), but, in the end, his  resourceful Quilty comes closer to the one inhabiting Nabokov's novel than  Frank Langella's jaded pervert in the newer film. Sellers mimicks the  accent of an American smooth talker well, accompanied by the Ayn Rand-like  &quot;Vivian Darkbloom.&quot; Finally to Sue Lyon, who plays Lolita  herself. She is attractive in an early 1960s sort of way, and certainly  more willful than the one in the book. Unfortunately, she hardly resembles  that Lolita. For greater accuracy (especially in appearance), look at  Dominique Swain's brave and mature portrayal for the ideal celluloid  counterpart to Humbert's rhapsodies.<br />After having seen Adrian Lyne's more  faithful and overall better movie (Sorry, Stanley.), and after having read  Nabokov's masterpiece, I feel that Kubrick's vision of &quot;Lolita&quot;  does not quite fulfill its potential. To its credit, Kubrick's darkly  humorous &quot;Lolita&quot; is still better than most of the insipid,  over-extended sit-coms that make it to the cinema today (or, for that  matter, many of the ones that came out when it was new). But thinking about  Lyne's film, and after having seen what little we've been allowed to view  of Kubrick's final opus &quot;Eyes Wide Shut,&quot; one cannot help but  imagine how he could have made a true masterpiece of &quot;Lolita.&quot;
6304675348|5.0|Definitely Scream!!! Wes Craven is a genius, this movie is brilliant. The performances of Skeet Ulrich and Matthew Lillard are awsome!!! What else can I say: IT'S A SCREAM, BABY!!!
0679736646|5.0|Ubik is a rare work of literature.  Without being overly preachy, verbose or incomprehensible [which most philosophy accomplishes to be all at once], Philip K. Dick has created a completely &quot;real&quot; reality, and then  let it fall apart as he observed.  This begs the question - was it real at  all, and is it real now that it's gone?      In spite of these  philosophical meanderings, Ubik is a ripping good read, and will scare you  half out of your brains when you finally read the last two pages.  I can  remember not wanting to fall asleep, worrying that I'd find Glen on all my  dollar bills.
6302799066|5.0|Following the obligatory, too-sober-to-be-true &quot;this can never really happen&quot; disclaimer, we are treated to approximately 90 minutes of sheer (though greatly understated) insanity. From General Jack D. Ripper  (Sterling Hayden) ordering a nuclear attack on the Soviet Union for very  personal reasons, to the concluding montage of atomic explosions  accompanied by Vera Lynn singing &quot;We'll Meet Again,&quot; we enter a  world where the fate of humanity rests with ineffectual leaders, the  sexually preoccupied, egomaniacs, and madmen (Not much different from  reality, actually.). This is black comedy at its very finest, set in an  atmosphere that is (Dare I say it, in light of Stanley Kubrick's last  movie?) vaguely Nabokovian.<br />Peter Sellers is magnificent in three roles:  British Captain Lionel Mandrake, who almost saves the world from nuclear  destruction; Adlai Stevenson-like Merkin Muffley, the decent but  ineffectual U.S. President who can't control the insanity surrounding him;  and Strangelove himself, the German genius who can't quite hide his naughty  past, and who has his own plans for the post-nuclear world. As General  &quot;Buck&quot; Turgidson, George C. Scott portrays a man more concerned  with glory (A possible precursor to &quot;Patton?&quot;) than with finding  a sound solution to the real problem. And, of course, one cannot forget  Slim Pickens as bomber pilot Kong, whooping and hollering as he waves his  cowboy hat, suggestively straddling an atomic bomb in the ultimate Freudian  Liebestod.<br />From sexual obsessions and the eroticization of death (as in  the opening sequence of a fighter plane refueling in midair), to the  immature behavior of people deciding the world's fate (especially the  antics of General Turgidson), to the telling lack of female characters  (with the exception of Turgidson's scantily-clad secretary, who appears  briefly and whom Turgidson urges to, &quot;Say your prayers.&quot;),  &quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot; packs more interest into ninety minutes than  many over-extended films with lots of pyrotechnics and explosions.<br />Of  course, we cannot forget Kubrick's direction. He uses all the tricks:  intricate detailing, the play of chiaroscuoro, bizarre camera angles, the  use of music, etc., etc. And I cannot imagine it in anything but black and  white (So hands off, Ted!). Although the American Film Insititute ranked it  Number 26, I would at least place it somewhere in the Top 10, over some of  the other films that ranked higher for what (I believe) may be sentimental  reasons. This is a film where one of our greatest directors found his  voice. And what a voice (or eye) it was!
0792151712|1.0|What can I say, the movie wasn't worth a single academy award! The only thing I liked was the bad boyfriend (Billy Zane), who is (compared to DiCaprio) a good actor!
6305265488|5.0|Incredible! Drew Barrymore at her best! Angelica Houston is perfectly evil. Dougray Scott is wonderful as the not-so-perfect prince.Leonardo Da    Vinci is a nice touch.A great family film,10 stars!!!
6304681496|5.0|'Con Air' is definitely one of the best action movies I've ever seen. John Malkovich as Cyrus 'the virus' Grissom and Nic Cage as the hero Cameron Poe give the movie its good quality!! And of course not to forget Steve Buscemi  as the Serial Killer Garland Greene and Ving Rhames as Nathan Jones. This  movie rules!!!!
B000002HMH|5.0|although this isnt metallicas best album out, it has changed considerably from their last albums. Im not saying the music doesnt sond great, im just saying its a different metallica. One thing is for sure is that this album  has many famous live songs that are great heard live, like, Ain't My _,  Until It Sleeps, King Nothing, Bleeding Me, and others, but still it lacks  that of hard hitting metal that Metallica was known for. I give it five  stars because it IS METALLICA and whatever they do deserves five stars. Get  this CD if you wanna see the big change and some great hard rock.
0375408266|4.0|This book is an excellent and illuminating analysis of morality, loyalty, betrayal, guilt, love and hate, fear and fearlessness, stretched to cover a difficult subject.  It appears that the character of Hanna represents Nazi  Germany and the character of Michael Berg represents at some level the  metaphor for post-War Germany.  The book is brilliant in examining the  different and difficult levels of morality against the backdrop of the  relationship between Hanna and Michael, her &quot;secret,&quot; and how  that secret has tragic implications.  Professor Schlink also manages to  inject legal theory and philosophy into the book without condescension.   The spare writing style is similar to Kundera, either deliberately or  because of the translation.  Among books that utilize the Holocaust as a  backdrop, this one is much different because it is not told from the  survivior's perspective -- although the real &quot;survivor&quot; in the  book is post-war Germany, the Germany of today.   This book truly should be  read by people interested in grappling with and trying to understand  difficult moral choices, moral ambivalence, and the make-up of morality  itself. A challenging book in its entirety and one that should be read.
B000002HRE|4.0|Reload, where should I begin? This album is definately not metallica at their finest, yea it did have a few hits, Fuel, The Memory Remains, The Unforgiven II, these are all great summer songs, but they are not the  Metallica songs your used to hearing, some songs like Fuel and Better Than  You are speeding but lack that of the METAL attitude. If you like slow  songs, there are a couple good ones on here, Low Man's Lyric and The  Unforgiven II, but dont forget that this isnt a METAL album, its  alternative. I dot know why METALLICA went this way but i believe its  mainly the fault of that fat ass Bob Rock. Im sure James, Jason, Lars and  Kirk arent especially pleased with the outcome of this album and the  peoples responses. Then again, it does have the METALLICA label on it so  again, I give it four stars.........not their best work.
0684867621|5.0|I have to admit that I have never been a baseball fan.  Even a few years ago when the Braves started their thing, I pretty much ignored it.  But now, thanks to King, I may be looking at the game in a whole new light, or  at least have a better understanding as to why it's so important to so many  people.  I heard somebody once say that a baseball game is a microcosmic  version of life.  Aside from all the B.S., salary disputes, and silly  mascots, I think that's not too far off the mark.  Maybe I can learn  something from the game after all.<br /> Regarding the book, King's writing  never ceases to amaze me.  I don't agree with people who say he's declined  in the past few years.  The truth is, he's only gotten better.  His ability  to convey the inner monologues of a person is amazing.  And he's given us a  hero in the shape of a nine year old girl.  Ignore those shallow reviews  below that bash the book because it &quot;lacks horror&quot; or has no  &quot;scariness&quot;.  I don't think that's the point.  The point is to  give you characters you can get to know, make friends with, and care enough  about to see them through to the last page.  That's what King has done . .  . again.
0393316041|5.0|I'm proud to be in the same species as Mr. Feynman.  Read his adventures, maybe you will see the world in a different way.
B000009DUY|5.0|Simply the BEST movie of 1998 was supported by the BEST soundtrack. This collection of songs (although not heard much) are quiet reminders of what the movie emphasized. I was nearly crying listening to this soundtrack,  thinking of what all our vets went through- GREAT JOB JOHN WILLIAMS!
6305313687|5.0|This is the best movie I've seen in the last 10 years. The best. I hated Norton in Rounders. He didn't fit the part. Here in AMerican History X he fits in perfect. I consider him now my favorite actor off all time. Screw  Robert DeNiro. Hahahaha.
6304143184|5.0|Thomas may have top billing, but a long time Berrymore fan would think otherwise! With her high pitched scream and cute smile, it is a movie that will touch your heart, a movie that has true definition! If you are not  either aching from laughing, or burning from tears by the end, maybe you  should check your pulse!
B00000IIXH|5.0|Well , after 23 years finally we have on an official release maybe the finest song he ever wrote !!..and this song is THE PROMISE. For me this is enough for buying the CD..!!!! I REALLY hope to hear this song on tour....  See You on the road !!!!! &quot;..tramps like us..&quot;
630512065X|5.0|The dancing crew, in its entirety, was spectacular.  But, even among such a stellar cast, Phillida Crowley-Smith stood out.  I couldn't tear my eyes away from the sheer and stunning dancing performance of this young lady.   Having said that, I have to say that I'll always remember Rosemarie Ford  and Aeva May's &quot;McGavity&quot; as well.  What a show! I watch it at  every opportunity.
0449911357|5.0|I would give this story six stars if I could.  I fell in love with this book and the movie.  Mrs. Flagg is a magical storyteller.  She brings the town of Whistle Stop to life.  I want to visit Idgie, Ruth, Sipsy, and Big  George in their little caf and eat a plate of fried green tomatoes.
0684833395|1.0|There are many myths that persist in modern life.  One myth is that war is &quot;meaningless&quot;, &quot;useless&quot; or &quot;insane.&quot;  Another myth is that Catch-22 is a good book.  The reality of this second  myth was brought home to me when I attempted to read this book.  I gave up  in disgust after 80 pages.  I felt as though I was reading a children's  fairy tale rather than a serious piece of literature.  This is a horrible  and insulting book.  The &quot;plot&quot; (if one can call it a plot) is  pointless and the writing is sarcastic and juvenile. We are told by fans of  the book that the author intended it to be read this way, as a clever  statement about &quot;the insanity of war.&quot;<br />What a load of rubbish.  War is ugly and brutal, but it is not &quot;insane.&quot;  Many American  wars were fought because people believed passionately in a noble cause and  were willing to fight to defend that cause against those who would vanquish  it.  Among these were the Revolutionary War (democratic government), the  Civil War (individuals' rights vs. states' rights) and World War II (the  defeat of fascism).  Catch-22 is an adolescent little book which is  applauded by people who believe that nothing is worth fighting for.
B000002W9Q|5.0|The soundtrack is wonderful!  The oldies songs are so great, it makes you wish that you had lived in the sixties (if you haven't)!
0553108034|3.0|Clash of Kings takes a back seat to Martin's first book in the series, Game of Thrones. The series is epic, to be sure. The world is masterfully created; the political and cultural backgrounds are well flushed out; the  characters are individual masterpieces. I love to love them and I love to  hate them. Martin's best work is his attention to detail and character.  <br />Clash, however, finds itself mired in where many second books of a  series end up, a quasi-quagmire of plot circumvention. All the main  characters and plot intrigues were already introduced in the first book.  Clash picks up from the previous book's ending, only to take a 700 page  plot circle where nothing much new happens save for a few armies march  around yelling and screaming and ending up almost where they began.  Meanwhile, a lot more sexual and violent discourse (or should I say  intercourse?) filled the in-between chapters of plot progression.<br />Not to  be too harsh, of course. Nothing can take away from a writer's ability to  emote raw feeling and passion through his writing; and Martin scores highly  in this attribute. Every character Martin introduces, even the minor ones,  have enough physical, mental and emotional detail written about them to  make them interesting and fresh. As stated, even the minor characters mix  and weave to create a fascinating fabric to hang any story on; and of  course Martin's main story provides all the character epic of a  masterpiece.<br />I eargerly look forward to the next book; cautiously hoping  for more plot and hoping the series doesn't continue with books four, five  and six like others have.
B000006045|5.0|I love Massive Attack and their new album, _Mezzanine_, is truly amazing.  This is an album that pretty much requires repeated listenings-there's just so much there in each song.  I'm not new to the band, having followed their  career throughout _Blue Lines_ and _Protection_.  This one seems like a  perfectly natural progression of their sound and is easily one of the best  albums of 1998, if not of the entire decade.
1558903259|5.0|Well, Disney has done it again. There is no question that the masters of animation has been, and always will be the ones working at Disney. I've always been a fan of the animated works of Disney, and what they have  accomplished in this movie, is just great. Nicely animated, blended in with  some really nice computer generated scenery. The story itself is a real  good &quot;old&quot; one. The nonchalant prince blows away an old lady at  the castle gate. And that was a big mistake. Because what the prince didn't  know, was that this old woman was a vicious witch. After being treated the  way she was, she puts a curse on the prince, and his castle, making him  into a beast, and all of his staff into furniture and other household  items. And this curse has a set time limit. If the prince is unable to find  the love of his life, he risks being trapped inside the body of the beast  for the rest of his life. And so the story continous into what I think is  the best Disney animation of modern time. So if you like animated films,  get this one. You won't be dissapointed, that's a promise...
B00000ILBK|4.0|There is all this talk about how Insurrection isn't as good as First Contact. About how the bad guys are no good. What were they to do? Use the Borg again? So everyone is saying that every Star Trek movie from now on  must have the Borg be the bad guys? Insurrection is a great movie. The  creators had to move away from the Borg. It has great humor and special  effects. Sometimes Trekky fans are too worked up on how it &quot;should  be&quot; and will not look at something open-minded. I got in an argument  with a friend about how it would be impossible to fly the Enterprise with a  joystick with the computer off-line. I told him it would be impossible to  fly the enterprise at all. This is science fiction my friend. I think this  was a very good movie. It just followed a better movie. That is all that is  wrong with it.<br />P.S. In responce to another reviewer's opinion, I never  wanted to slap Data, I thought Data was better in this movie than in First  Contact.
0385493800|5.0|This is the first book by John Grisham that I've ever read, and I really enjoyed it.  I picked it up because I had heard that it dealt with spiritual matters.  As a believer myself, I always find it exciting to  encounter someone else who is a person of faith.  Grisham's portraits of  Nate and Rachel are inspiring.  I recommend this book to anyone who  believes that God can touch the lives of mortals.
6305365121|5.0|This is THE Star Trek movie. If you dont know Star Trek, You must see this one. It has it all.  The best movie ever.
B000002ULS|3.0|B&amp;S obviously fill a niche, and I'm glad they're around, but let's not go overboard. The soft vocals and acoustic guitars combine so pleasingly that they tend to cover up the thinness in both melody and lyrics.  &quot;Don't look back, like Dylan in the movies&quot; (Don't look back  being the title of a Dylan concert movie)is the kind of facile wordplay  that passes for genius in a generation that has stopped reading books. A  little too fey and twee at times, as well, but don't let me disturb the  B&amp;S lovefest going on here!
6300268470|5.0|the best movie ever written and produced by john ford it shows the best friendship between john wayne and dean martin both legends in the world  of westerns
6305365121|2.0|Looking back through the Star Trek films, one notices that the even numbered movies are the ones that stand out to Trekkers.  No one can forget the nail-biting battle in the Mutara Nebula in the second film.  Everyone  quotes the famous line, &quot;Well a double dumb butt on you&quot; from the  fourth movie.  Then there was the sad farwell to the old crew in the sixth  film.  Finally the amazing special effects and action-packed battles in the  eighth film.  Star Trek: Insurrection did not have any remmeberable lines  or action scenes that Trekkers would relish in for years to come like the  examples just mentioned.  Aside from the touching scene when Jordi recovers  his eye sight after being born blind, I can't remember any other scenes  from the movie and its just four months after I saw the movie.  The special  effects were a disappointment compared to those of First Contact. The story  line was uncreative and lacked substance.  It kept the movie from dragging  on, but it also made the movie move too quickly.  I got the impression that  the movie was about 45 minutes long.  It did have good comic touches which  have been a good tradition in the Star Trek film series.  All the Trekker  can do with this is know that the ongoing theme of even-numbered Trek  movies are better and use this movie as a stepping stone to a movie with a  more exciting plot and special effects that are worthy of the nam Star  Trek!
B000002BHE|5.0|Listen to the way she gets out that high voice so easily!She sure is a gifted woman.I am sure that normal people can't sing a single song in the CD (except &quot;Falling Into You&quot;) without screeching.
B000002NHN|5.0|I first listened to Loreena McKennit when she performed &quot;Ye Rambling Boys of Pleasure&quot; on The Chieftins recording &quot;Tears of Stone&quot; while browsing at Borders. The sheer beauty and power of her  voice just blew me away. I bought her CD &quot;Mask and Mirrors&quot; that  same day. That hooked me right then and there. I began buying more of her  releases (this time through Amazon)and each time I was not disappointed. If  you listen to Elemental, it is almost solely traditional material. There is  a piece on there called Carrifergis in which she is only sings backup  vocals and that somehow just enhances that piece. Her subsequent recordings  all illustrate the operatic quality of her voice. Her renditions of  &quot;Annachie Gordon&quot; and &quot;Bonnie Portmore&quot; are  unforgettable. The Book of Secrets is different in that her voice is a bit  more subdued. It almost purrs with the instrumentation and intricate  rhythms and is something that really should be experienced. Dante's Prayer  was very well done with the lead in and exit of The St. Petersburg Choir.  I await her next release.....I wonder if she would consider playing Fantine in Le Miz?
B00000ADG2|1.0|I truly can't understand WHY people can actually enjoy that stuff. I know that she's a talented singer, but the songs that she sings are really bad! Why can't she sing a melody instead of rapping on and on? She was much better  when she was in &quot;Sister Act2&quot;. My apologies to the people who  enjoyed the CD. Thank you.
0871137380|5.0|everybit as gripping and compelling as the movie &quot;saving private ryan&quot;! This book put me in the seat of a &quot;HUMVEE&quot; and allowed me to &quot;feel, hear, see, smell and survive&quot; combat.  Expressed true heroism without glorifying war.
B000000WCA|2.0|I thought &quot;2 Become 1&quot; anfd &quot;Wannabe&quot; was pretty good,but the rest was a complete BORE.The other somgs had no special something,that make people want to listen. DON'T BUY THIS CD!! It's a waste  of money.My apologies to the people who enjoyed this CD.
B00000DCHE|5.0|We went to the Billy Joel concert last night, and he played a few from this album.  It brought back some great memories from grad school days, so I thought it best to get a new copy.  My original copy (cassette days) was  trashed from listening so much.
B000002C4J|5.0|I thought this CD was great.I never get tired of it even though I listened to it over 100 times.&quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; and &quot;To Love You More&quot; was the ones I liked the most.Celine dion is a really gifted  singer.
6305263248|5.0|Incredible car chases and gun fighting along with a good dose of plot and suspense. Good acting,good script,good music,good camera movements...RONIN has it all.
B000000OF6|5.0|This is one of the only greatest hits cd's that really are the greatest hits.  QUEEN ROCKS!!!!! Nuff said!
0767802659|5.0|Starship Troopers on DVD is just plain breathtaking. The visual effects are the best I have ever seen.Those nukes are awsome!! Its wierd that they didnt use tanks to battle the bugs, but I dont really care. This movie  rocks!! To bad there,s no Computer game based on this...
0792151712|5.0|Titanic was the most wonderful movie I ever saw and it deserves more than a measley 3 and a half stars! I have seen an awful lot of movies and never, and i mean, NEVER, have I seen one as touching as Titanic.
B000002C25|2.0|&quot;Be Here Now&quot; does have its moments (&quot;D'You Know What I Mean&quot;, &quot;My Big Mouth&quot;, &quot;Stand By Me&quot;, and &quot;Don't Go Away&quot;) along with a few lesser tracks (&quot;All Around  The World&quot; and &quot;It's Getting Better Man&quot;) and a true dog  (&quot;Magic Pie&quot;), but it's just another example of what happens when  you're worth $40,000,000, the cocaine supply is never-ending (Noel  Gallagher has admitted this and stopped using), and you ask how long a CD  is (74 minutes) and you say, &quot;Well, let's fill the &lt;expletive&gt;  up&quot;.<br />The production is awful.  Knobs-up, full stop.  Layers and  layers of squalling guitars.  All hints of subtleness are gone except for  the end part of &quot;Don't Go Away&quot;.  The band still rocks out, but  the sound is harsh.<br />I almost gave it three stars because of the decent  songs on here, but I've got to deduct one star for the &quot;Phil Spector  with hearing damage&quot; style of production.  Sorry guys.  Find a better  producer next time out.
0790738139|5.0|it fit in boxing and it fits here.  how on earth did titanic beat this movie for best picture is beyond me.  i never really thought of movies as works of art until i saw l. a. confidential.  this is a superbly crafted  movie.
0792151720|5.0|This is a great movie.  The special effects are flawless and spectacular but the movie would succeed as a story even without the special effects.  I'm ready to shell out $30 or so for the dvd edition as soon as its  available.  Don't be disuaded from seeing this film by the astonishing (and  often illiterate) negative reviews found here.  I suspect that most of the  people fulminating about Titanic can be found on the list of those giving  rave reviews to the likes of Terminator II, Armagedon, and Independence  Day.  I was particularly amused by the insightful reviewer who asserted  Jack Dawson was &quot;Irish&quot; and took offence at his missing accent!  Wonder what movie she was watching.  Then there's the guy who said it was  great the first time but was disappointed at being bored on the third  repeat.  Duh.
B000003TAW|5.0|I listen to many genres of music&quot;Emo, Hip-hop, Classic rock, Alternative, Classical&quot; and this is the best cd i have in my collection
B000007T1M|5.0|buy this cd.its the bes
B000005IKX|5.0|Ever since the release of their first album, all of ABBA's subsequent albums kept getting better and better. &quot;Arrival&quot;, their brilliant fourth album, is a classic, as are the albums that followed it. With  &quot;Super Trouper&quot;, ABBA showed that they were willing to experiment  with different styles within the realm of pop. It seemed hard to top it.  &quot;The Visitors&quot;, however, is  even better. The lyrics are more  serious and personal, the themes of the songs are not always cheerful, and  the musical arrangements are simply brilliant. The styles are too diverse  to call it simply &quot;pop&quot;. There are only 9 songs on this album,  and every time I listen to it I wish the music would not end. All the songs  are excellent, but &quot;The Visitors&quot;, &quot;When All Is Said and  Done&quot;, &quot;One of Us&quot;, &quot;I Let the Music Speak&quot; (do  they ever!!)&quot;Like An Angel Passing Through My Room&quot; and &quot;Two  For The Price of One&quot; especially stand out. The latter track  satirically chronicles the modern day search for a mate through personal  ads and adds a sexy, daring twist, tounge firmly in cheek. The title track  is about the terror and paranoia of Soviet refugees. This album suggests  what ABBA could have done if they stayed together; but they quit while they  were on top. They knew it was their last time, and so they saved the very  best for last.  If you are a genuine ABBA fan, you cannot be without this  album. If you are a casual ABBA listener, Take A Chance on &quot;The  Visitors&quot;. You won't be disappointed!!!
0671510991|5.0|Henry Kissinger has a profound proclivity for understanding the socio-psychological aspects of global community. He is a great diplomat from whom we should all listen very carefully.
B000000WJ2|4.0|The best Rolling Stones album since at least Tattoo You.  keith's songs have long been the highlights of Stones discs - from the recent &quot;You Don't Have to Mean It&quot; all the way back to - arguably -  &quot;Happy&quot; on the stellar Exile on Main Street.  Here, Richards  singing is improved from his first solo effort Talk Is Cheap, particularly  on &quot;Eileen&quot; and the Al Green-influenced &quot;Hate it When You  Leave&quot;, both of which are also great songs.  Great guitar workouts  thoughtout as well, from the dirty interplay on &quot;999&quot;, the  riff-fest &quot;Wicked As It Seems&quot;, to the gentle lulling on the  album's closer, &quot;Demon&quot;.  This disc will be a welcome additon to  the collection of any fan of rock'n'roll.
0399143904|1.0|Once upon a time I really liked Jack Ryan, and in a way this might have colored my expectations as I picked up the new Tom Clancy novel. I put it down yesterday, having forced myself to skim through the last 200 pages.  Needless to say, it was a major disappointment.<BR> I read nearly two  hundred books a year, thrillers, fantasy, sci-fi - almost anything goes.  And maybe once every third year or so I get a book I'd rather just put down  than finish. This was one of them. While things might hold up at cursory  glance, the shortcomings appear as you scratch the surface (sadly, by that  time you've read quite a lot of the book). The characters are ridiculous  and without depth (which is strange considering several have appeared in  earlier works) and the storyline is like some cheap Marvel Comics rip-off.  The god-like good guys are destined to wipe villainy ass (if the book  mirrors the real world all bad guys would be better off committing  collective suicide), and if all else fails Lady Luck inevitably comes down  on the side of CINC-PINC-PONC, the stalwart defenders of God, Mom's  applepie and the rest of the completely defenseless humanity. Of course,  while the good guys are defending Society and it's Civilized Rules, they  allow themselves things like shooting disarmed people, waving big knives  around when interrogating prisoners and attacking and killing civilians in  a neutral country.<BR> The storyline would like to propagate some sort of  intellectual battle between a techno-military vs. earth-protectionist  standpoint, but falls short in nearly every aspect. After all we all like  to drive cars and watch the telly, don't we.<BR> I would have liked to  point out several major logical or factual holes in the story, but in doing  so I might spoil the fun for someone, and that, although merciful, wouldn't  be nice. Those who wish to read the book will find that out for themselves,  anyway. Or you could watch the movie which is sure to come, the 700 page  bookcontains just enough material for a 90 minute pyrotechnic  extravaganza.<BR> If you are interested in reading books by Clancy, pick up  some earlier works if you haven't read them. Much better than this, some  are even great stuff.
078401213X|1.0|This movie was explained to me before I watched it.  It sounded good. I hated it.  I had no sympathy for the main character. Some people loved it.  Why???  I'm not signing this because I don't want all it's fans to write  me. Sometimes you pick a loser movie and this was one of them for me.   Don't compare it to the Truman show.  That was great. (The person next to  me in the movies hated it-go figure).
B00000IIXH|5.0|It's amazing to go on this trip with Bruce and the band.  Follow them from their wordy, street poet days to maturing through rock and roll.  This could have been a whole body of work for other artists.  These were all  unreleased and many could have been hits in their own rite.  It is a good  summary of a hidden career.
B00000DFSK|3.0|U2 is an amazing band with unlimited talent and alot of class.  I agree with a majority of fans,  Rattle and Hum was not their best effort, and after that album, I stopped buying their stuff altogether.  Anything from  the '80's, WAR, BOY, OCTOBER,UNFORGETABLE FIRE, JOSHUA TREE, etc.... can be  submitted as a hit.  Even some of their B-sides,  Love Comes Tumblin' Down,  for example, musically are so beautiful that they cut you to the bone.   Whoever chose these singles as being U2's greatest hits didn't give the  fans enough credit.
B000002MG1|5.0|I love this album,its got a vibe like no other album.R.e.m put good stuff oout before and after this but none carry the feel of this great album.The dark moods on sweetness follows is the best song I think they have  written,ever track is great,get this,Don't call yourself an rem fan without  this album!
0800196341|1.0|There is a difference between *being* Hamlet, and *doing* Hamlet.  Kenneth was clearly doing the latter.  Although abridged, I think Mel Gibson did a far better job of fleshing-out the melancholy dane.  I think Kenneth did  much better with &quot;Much Ado About Nothing.&quot;  He was much less  pretentious in that outing.
6300151379|5.0|This movie has to be re-released, fast.  Too many people on eBay are getting ripped off on copies up for auction.  I've actually seen people paying sixty bucks and up for USED copies of this movie.  PLEASE re-release  this movie soon.
0131103628|5.0|This book is a good read for beginning and advanced C programmers.  If you're the type to need the &quot;Dummy&quot; books, maybe software development isn't your thing.
6300151379|5.0|This is one great &quot;kids'&quot; movie that all ages will enjoy. I'm not a David Bowie fan, but he outdid himself in this one. The studio who DOESN'T re-release this one is out of it's corporate mind, and deserves a  boycott!
0783226551|5.0|The purpose of film, theatre, the arts is perfectly understood by all of the key performers in this movie.  They are what creates DRAMA! Scorsese is one of our best directors. If you made a list of real actors in Hollywood,  it would be a very short list, Deniro, Lange, Nolte, and Lewis would all be  on it.  A loaded statement,  I have to insist this is without question  Deniro's best performance, and one of the best performances in cinema. He  was nominated for Best Actor, and only beaten out by what is universally  considered the Best performance of the 90s Anthony Hopkins' Hannibal  Lecter.  I was more frightened by Max Cady. SEE THE MOVIE!
B000002LK1|5.0|I've become a fan of Depeche Mode because of this album.  After my first few listens I didn't care for some of the songs, but now I like the whole album.  Ignore my review below because this is one of the best albums I  own.
0440224764|1.0|I couldn't stand this book. I could have cared less for the characters or the story. I treid to read it twice and listen to it on tape and it just made me angry. Grisham must be getting paid by the word!
0316921173|5.0|Fourth time through, felt like writing a review.<br />First things first. Everyone who is complaining about the lack of an ending. I've been there, guys. When I finished, I threw the damn thing across the room. I was  furious. It took me about a week to remember that I knew a word for a work  whose plot elements failed to come together to the annoyance of the reader,  and that that word was &quot;anticonfluential&quot;, and that I got the  word from &quot;Infinite Jest&quot;. And it took me another week to realize  that actually you knew exactly what happens after the end of the book  anyway. And then I knew that it was the best book I had ever read.<br />Okay.  Second thing I'm sick of hearing. Yes, he tends to start sentences with  long strings of conjunctions. But remember how in love with language,  particularly language as an percise, austere formal system, DFW is. When he  says &quot;And but so then&quot; he is stating that this sentence is  related to the previous one by *connection*, *contrast*, *causality* and  *chronology*. (Pithy, huh? Came up with it myself.)This is actually a lot  like how Greek works, with each sentence painstakingly related to the  former, and it's elegant as hell, and shows a real desire to wring the  fullest out of language. Same thing with the long, complex sentences;  they're all grammatically correct (except during some sections where the  voice of a less educated person takes over) and they're complex structure  perfectly expresses what they're trying to say.<br />But then, most of all,  the thing is that it's a hell of a read. It's a pleasure. It's exciting,  it's funny, it's thought-provoking. It is never, ever boring, and don't let  anyone tell you otherwise. This is not stodgy and academic; it is not  the  work of a theorist. It's wild and exuberant and fun. Like Ulysses, though,  which is all of these things, people get scared because it's got some  things that are new in it. But it's not actually that hard; take a deep  breath, don't try and understand everything at once (maybe you're not  supposed to get it yet) and enjoy. You will.
6304117752|5.0|This is the best family movie of all time!!!!!!! You can cry, sing, and laugh all at the same time. This is definatly a movie that should be passed on for thousands and thousands of years to come. It's one of those movies  that you want to see over and over. Buy this movie now!
B000002J2D|5.0|this is the best album from Genesis. It mix a little of pop, but it is most a progressive album. It has my favorites Genesis songs: Ballad... and Scenes from....    Do not hesitate. Buy it!!
044022425X|5.0|Diana Gabaldon constantly amazes me with the depth of her talent.  Drums Of Autumn was my least favorite in this series and I still thought it was 5 star material.  Even though I find it a little depressing seeing Jamie and  Claire age (probably because I just turned 30 :-)) I would adore these  characters if all they could do was flirt with each other by flashing  toothless grins from their rocking chairs.  Excellent saga!
B000002G8H|5.0|What more can I say after saying THE BEST. I think this is the album one should listen to if that person has never before listened to clapton.
B000000OUJ|5.0|Visually the best son, lyrically will burn you up like a Malibu wild fire. This is the most intense album ever. Gza is Wu's best and he proves it here. Mentally it will blow ya mental out of the atmosphere like a sky  rocket. Intense music, smooth, smart lyrics, this is hip hop music at its  best. If you don't know you will never know. peace!
6302517036|5.0|If you dont like this movie,i can't see why.It was enjoyable,funny,cool gory effects and three great performances by Roddy Mcdowell,Chris Sarandon,&amp; Stephen Gefforeys.A EXCELLENT VAMPIRE MOVIE!!!!
B00000ILDE|5.0|This is the best sequel ever made.  The special effects and musical score are excellent.  Plenty of memorable lines.  And we see a weasel of a politician get what he deserves.
B000001FY9|5.0|This CD blew me away the first time I heard it.  It puts you in such a mellow mood.  Legend was my introduction to reggae, and I plan to buy many more Marley CDs.  And by the way, guys, if you want to sweep a girl off her  feet, just play &quot;Is this love&quot; for her!
B00000IBRX|3.0|It has a good message but it is kinda hard to follow. The writer had a differant way of looking at heaven and hell. The graphics and special effects are fun though.
0783216084|5.0|25 years later and I'm still having shark dreams! A must-see!
B00000DGUG|5.0|Alanis's best yet five stars is not enough to rate it.  The songs have such a meaning to it and the music is terrific.
0140283587|5.0|This book's accuracy is amazing.  The author manages to capture exactly the lifestyle of backpackers in India - and in particular the try-hard hippies you meet along the way.  A great afternoon's read.
0780625129|5.0|This is one of the most thought provoking movie I've seen in a long time.  Everybody involved in this film deserves credit.  Unlike other great films in the past this film deals with racism in the present state.  It deals  with racism amongst the younger generation.  In a day when most of the  energy is focused on the past, people forget that some of that energy  should be focused on our youth.  Even though this film has been widely  acclaimed, it still has not receive the attention it deserves.  As hard as  I try I just cannot come up with the words to do this movie justice.  So  drop whatever you are doing and find a copy of this movie, and watch it.
0385484518|4.0|I'm still trying to decide if this book either (1) fell short in conveying the &quot;large lessons&quot; in life or if (2) it succeeded in telling a very simple story with the simplest of lessons, leaving it to the reader to find insight in applying it to one's own life.  Initially, it left me  wanting more and I felt the author could've better done this wise man  (Morrie) justice in the telling of this story.  However, as days have  passed since putting down this short story, I am finding the appeal and  insights of the book are actually in its simplicity.
6304436386|5.0|I am a really big fan of movies with guns.  This movie had lots of guns.  Unlike everyone else who reviewed this movie, I really didn't care too much for the Mathilda part of the movie.  I didn't want to see a cold-blooded  hitman get cozy with a 12-year-old-girl.  But I do admit, this is the only  movie with guns that made me want to cry at the end.  And for that, the  movie get kudos!
6305169187|1.0|Ok. Mr.Bruce. You save the all world. I don't care. But why couldn't you super hero save yourself in this worthless, stupid, megabudget junk film?
079072961X|5.0|Why hasn't Harrison Ford won an oscar yet?  This is his best performance to date as a man wrongly accused of killing his wife.  The movie starts off huge with a fantastic train wreck, and never slows down a step. Tommy Lee  Jones is also great as the pursuing detective. This movie deserves a place  among the greatest films.
B000002UC5|4.0|This album took a lot of slack when it was first released; many were expecting a monumental production job following the heels of the Beatles' &quot;Abbey Road&quot;.  However, in hindsight this shows Paul's honest,  delicate side (rare for the oft commerical and media friendly McCartney).   The pictures on the sleeve reflect the music within.  One shows a scruffy  Paul with his newborn daughter Mary inside his coat, obviously enjoying his  then-new wife and family.  Likewise the music is warm, homey and delicate.   He plays all instruments himself including an aersol can, a toy xylophone  and even leaves in an accidental door squeak into the mix.  Linda adds a  few harmonies here and there.  Yet, like the front cover depiction of  &quot;a bowl of spilled cherries&quot; one can feel Paul's uncertainty and  sadness after the dissolution of the Beatles.  The songs (many written in  the White Album/Let It Be phase) are not quite finished, which add to their  charm.  There's no studio trickery to distract from their almost demo-like  state. I love this hours and often play it in the wee hours of the night.   One can almost imagine Paul strumming an acoustic guitar in the next room  while it plays.  If you liked &quot;Won't Be Long&quot;, the final track on  Flaming Pie, enjoy a large serving of honest Paul with  &quot;McCartney&quot;.  As essential as any Beatles album
0316152196|5.0|This author has to be the hottest one out there in his genre.  From start to finish the story was action-packed with twists and turns to keep you guessing until the end.  Bosch and his team left no stone unturned while investigating the murder on the Angels Flight of Howard Elias, a lawyer  with a vendetta against the LAPD. While struggling with personal problems,  his nicotine addiction and computer illiteracy, good ole Bosch keeps his  wits together and the cigarettes at bay while heading up the double  investigation. The ending, tragic in many respects, was fitting. A classic  Connelly story!
6305265488|5.0|I like Drew Barrymore very much, I think that she is acting really good in this movie! Go Drew!!!
0375707972|5.0|This is one of the best novels I've ever read.  It is primarily a memory book and examines as much how we remember events as the actual events themselves.  It has too many layers to be taken in one read.  The author never thrusts his opinions on the audience but presents the story and its  possible morals for us to decide on individually. Plus it's a quick read  you can read it again and again.
6305256209|5.0|I saw this movie at a very young age.It was the t.v verson.I have seen it probably 20 or 30 times.It is a movie that needs to be brought back to the big screen.The f/x and the story were way ahead of it's time when the movie  came out.It is a movie that will leave an impression on your life one way  or another.It can still stand on it's own today.A movie that everyone needs  to see at least once in there life....
B00000ILBK|5.0|Let's be honest, the people that say this was the best Trek yet are probably just wanting that to be true so bad they have convinced themselves it's true.  By the same note, the people who say it was the worst Trek, or  even the worst film of the year are just mad that the film was not as good  as it could have or should have been.  The film lies somewhere in between.   It's worth watching, and if you own Star Trek:TMP, Star Trek V, or even  Generations, then you should own this too.
B000001ABD|5.0|Almost all the hits I grew up jammin' too and some new ones I didn't know about. Do a friend  a favor and buy them this cd as a gift.
0064471837|5.0|This is the best fantasy book that I've read in the last years. It is original, yet has all of the classic elements of the quest story in a new form. The elements of the bells, necromancy, and a young woman growing into  her own all ring with glory.
0345349571|5.0|Maybe not an easy read for some, but if you are interested in Europe history, this is a must read.  For those looking for a historical novel, look elsewhere.  This is the real thing; stranger than fiction.  The author develops her ideas and conclusions without hitting you over the head with  them.  Her style is very readable and narrative.  Yes, there is a lot of  detail here and you may not want to read it in one sitting, but I have read  it twice over the years and plan to again.<br />Her other books are great too:  Guns of August, The Proud Tower, the March of Folly, etc.
6305265488|5.0|This movie rocks.It was a perfect mixture of romance and comedy.I would definately recommend buying this tape.
B000002UZU|5.0|I think this is really a good album. Buy it and you will go back to the early '70 years. In particular, I loved the songs in which Hooker play together with Alan Wilson: I have realised  why  Hooker considered  &quot;Blind Owl&quot; as one of the best harmonica player ever heard.  Canned Heat supported  Hooker's music much more better than lots of other  more known groups. Really nice.
6304118406|1.0|Why exactly did they make this film?  It wasn't entertaining.  It didn't have an interesting story to tell.  It didn't bring attention to some serious issue that needs attention.  Instead, it's all about a seriously  loathsome couple that I found impossible to relate to.  When it was finally  over I couldn't believe the earlier reviews I had seen that said it was  good!  Did we see the same movie?!!  Surely not!
B000002HH2|5.0|This album was nominated for a grammy for a reason. Cuz it's just an amazing album. Every song is terrific, no joke. And they're so different from each other. You have to have this CD!
B000001FTJ|5.0|There simply aren't words. This man is a genius, and &quot;Swordfishtrombones&quot; is one of the greatest laurels in his crown. &quot;Johnsburg, Illinois&quot; is easily the most romantic artistic  utterance since David Lean's &quot;Brief Encounter.&quot; Buy this now, and  buy a second copy for when you inevitably wear the first one out.
B000000OU6|5.0|slash is the greatest hard rock guitarist ever, this is a good hard rock cd, the singer is questionable, but the music is mostly focused on Slash's guitar playing, if you're a slash fan , u should own this cd
0399143904|2.0|This is the fifth Clancy novel I've read, and it is by far the worst.  He must have gotten paid by the word to write this book, because it is much too long.  The book is over 700 pages long, yet the same story could have been told in a novel less than half that length.  It adds nothing to the  storyline to go into great detail about physical training exercises or  routine daily events.  Whole paragraphs were devoted to what the Rainbow  Six members and even the IRA terrorists had for breakfast!      On the  positive side, the action sequences were well written, though somewhat  implausible.  Not a single Rainbow member gets killed or even injured nor  does anything go wrong until their fourth counter-terrorist operation.  It  also stretches the imagination to suppose that out of the nearly one  hundred environmentalists not a single one of them would have attack of  conscience about destroying most of the world's population and expose the  virus plot to the authorities.  The story itself is a good one and would  probably make a great movie.  It's just a shame the telling of it was so  poorly done.
6302638771|3.0|Oliver Stone has a story to tell, and he won't let the facts interfere, at least that's how I viewed this one.  The setting up of that fateful day in 1963 was well done, but casting Ed Asner as some right-wing conspirator was  the beginning of what turns out as a ludicrous, unbelievable plot.  And  Kevin Costner's over-long court scenes had me squirming in my seat, just  waiting for this one to finally end!  The people who love the JFK  conspiracy theories may have loved this movie, but I thought it was forced  and over-long.
0780625129|5.0|This movie is perhaps the most powerful film I've ever seen. I was left thinking about it for days afterwards. It gives true insight as to how a skinhead can be manipulated into thinking the way he does. It forces you to  accept the reality of the horrible hate crimes that occur on a regular  basis in this country. Definitly one of the best movies I've seen. Anyone  who sees this movie will be forced to see the truth about hate, and it's  lack of productivity and morality. It will force you to acknowledge the  true threat of racist organizations in this country. Truly a powerful film!
0385493800|3.0|This is not one of Mr. Grisham's more enthralling tales.  And the worst part is that it probably won't even make a good movie.  I think this may be John Grisham's first made-for-TV project.
6304467583|5.0|If Francis Ford Coppola had only these two movies to his credit, it would be more than enough. These two movies are almost perfect. I only have one slight criticism. I think that Marlon Brando should have spoken a little  more Sicilian and should have definitely pronounced &quot;consigliere&quot;  correctly after Robert Duvall tells him that &quot;they shot Sonny on the  causeway . . . he's dead.&quot; When Marlon Brando turns to him and says  &quot;consigliere of mine . . .&quot; he said &quot;con-sig-liery&quot; of  mine -- that shouldn't have happened -- Vito was born in Sicily!! That  aside, the two movies are perfect.<br />Cindy Luzon
6300184064|5.0|A very different kind of film, where the tyrannical government of the future is a bureaucratic dictatorship (?) that doesn't work very well.  While uneven at times, I thought this film was hilarious in its depiction  of the future, with excellent casting, particularly Michael Palin as Sam  Lowry's psychotic social-climbing friend in Information Retrieval.  Some of  the visual scenery was stunning, and I really liked the surreal atmosphere  created by director Terry Gilliam.  From reports I've read, he had major  problems with the producers of this film, and this resulted in two  different endings, one happy and one sad.  The &quot;sad&quot; ending makes  more sense, as you realize that some of the really bizzare scenes near the  end were all in Sam Lowry's mind --- this was how the director wanted it.   But the producer wanted a happy ending, and it makes absolutely no sense  whatsoever in explaining the weirdness at the end (e.g. Robert DiNiro's  character being covered and destroyed by pieces of paper).  So if you see  the &quot;happy ending&quot; and it seems incredibly stupid, you're  watching the producer's cut.  All that aside, it's still a great film!
B00000DLVA|5.0|City Scape 2am. Main streets are quite and lit in an orangy glow. Side roads tempt you to those inner city areas, where curiosity takes over from that fear of the unknown. Back on the main drag, it's foot down and green  lights all the way  as the commuter's crawl becomes a freeblast home. The  Cardigans have truely hit the spot with this albumn. Although in a similar  vain to Portished and Sneeker Pimps with it's stripped down sound, cool  melodies and the silken vocals of Nina Presson give this albumn much wider  appeal and I suspect greater longevity. Erase/Rewind and Favoruite Game  will appeal to all but the narrowest of ears, but there are also hidden  bundles of joy in all of the tracks once on your second play. Junk of the  Hearts, the 'Tubesesque' Hanging Aroundand Higher are my other unmissables.  Which will be yours...?
6303014100|5.0|My son became obsessed with the Civil War because of this movie.  We recently visited Gettysburg and the movie is an excellent way to introduce this historic event to an interested child.  I recently read the book The  Killer Angels and note that the screenwriter didn't have too difficult a  task as the screen play is almost word for word from the book.<br />The acting  is excellent, save for Martin Sheen as Lee.  Sheen's Lee comes off as  semi-insane.  I have come to realize that the book does not treat Lee in  that fashion and I attribute Sheen's poor performance to the possibility  that he doesn't have it in his background to successfully pull off a great  military leader.
630027179X|5.0|Seeing Excalibur again in 1999 offers new rewards--namely the screen presence of unknowns Patrick Stewart and Liam Neeson as two of Arthur's knights. Of course Patrick Stewart graduated to his own Camelot in Space on  board the starship Enterprise and Neeson is playing a Jedi Knight in the  new Star Wars movie. So Excalibur gets an all-star cast before its time,  appropriately so, given the time-conscious themes. Boorman presents the  Arthur stories beautifully, economically, wasting little in highlighting  the stories of Uther, the sword in the stone, the meeting with Lancelot,  and perhaps most moving, the story of Perceval's quest for the Grail,  highlighted brilliantly by Wagner's music to Parsifal.  This is operatic  cinema at its best, and Excalibur ranks with Star Wars as one of the great  mythic adventure movies.
B000000P11|5.0|The Chameleons are the lost soul of rock music, and Strange Times is a journey that will never end.   If only everyone had heard this record back in 1986, popular music would have taken a radically different course.  This  record skies to melodic heights unforeseen, while safely plummeting through  the depths of melancholy, only to bring you back up time and again.  No one  did this better than the Chameleons.  <br />In their third, last, and greatest  album, this Middletown band of geniuses combine their mastery of guitar  delay and reverb with a restraint and commitment to detail that is  simultaneously frightening and beautiful.  (To U2's Edge, please take  notes.) Layer upon layer of choral guitars will make you feel like you're  hidden in a lighthouse in Scotland...waiting for the crashing waves and  thunderstorms to roll in.  And Mark Burgess' voice...weaving, crying in and  out of Reg Smithies and Dave Fielding's chiming guitars will send chills  down your spine.  Fools compare them to U2 or maybe Echo (both great  bands), but for those who know the Chameleons, they understand that this is  like comparing 3-dimensions to one.  BUY this record...it is perhaps the  greatest album ever recorded.
B0000065O1|4.0|I already had Cindy Crawford's Shape Your Body workout video and liked it.  I really enjoyed The Next Challenge workout. It is a total body workout.  I felt that I recieved an aerobic workout in addition to strength training  and toning.  This video was worth my money.  I have used it often, even  when I was pregnant.
0790729636|5.0|This is one of the most beautiful sounding DVD's in existence, I believe. The images are outsta- nding! HIGHLY recommended! I have over 140 DVD's and this is the one I show to the &quot;New Comers&quot; of DVD. BUY IT!!!
B00000IBRX|4.0|What Dreams May Come is so visually stirring that it just reaches out and consumes the viewer. The plot is extremely questionable  theologically, yet thought provoking and emotional to the extreme.  I found myself applauding  the excellent work done by Robin Williams. He is so gifted as an actor.  It's a shame that folks still do not take him seriously.  I thought Cuba  Gooding Jr. was great, his future is so bright!  The love theme which  portrays love as able to conquer all is truly sweet and romantic. The only  thing I would like to have seen was a more clarifying look at the role of  God in these events, not just because I am a Christian, but just doing  justice to the useof Heaven and Hell as true ports of call of the afterlife  as founded in Christianity.  I found that Max Van Sydow was extraordinary  in his role, although I would like to have seen his role have more screen  time.  All together thought provoking, visual chocolate, emotionally  stimulating. I hope folks see the underlying theme of the fact of an  afterlife that is the creation of a God who is true love and is truly just.  I hope that husbands and wives and appropriately aged children will watch  this and see the vital need for securing a proper relationship with God so  that Heaven will become real to them as they look at a future of eternity  with the people they love.  Thank you for a beautiful portrait and a  starting ground for folks to get right with God and look with joy to what  is ahead.
B000002TPS|4.0|This album is very unique.  This is Megadeth's way of saying we still got it and we are not giving up.  Tracks 1,2,4,6,7,8,10,11,12, are really good, and demonstrate great ideas from a professional band.  9 out of 12 is as  good as it gets.  Too bad Metallica fans are blind.
0679438327|5.0|This was one of Anne Rice's greatest books. She had me on the edge the whole time. She has written this one so easy to read, and I didn't want the book to end. This was a great conclusion to the heartthrob Lestat, even  though I would read a thousand more books telling of his adventures. A must  read!!!
B000002V0Q|5.0|Wow! What a difference from their old stuff.  This album is melodic, catchy, has great lyrics, the solo's are awesome.  This is and will be Megadeth's top of the line material.  People say this is where they sold  out, I say yes, every album on the shelves.  Can you say 4 million copies  last time I checked?
B000006OAM|5.0|I love this album and it's not at all pretentious, and as for being down beat, i really like the way she makes lovely mistic candle lighted atmosphere in the first song. And the only song I can't figure out is this  &quot;pure and simple&quot; 'When they ring the golden bells'. Is it me?  The best song is King of May. The melodies are so sweet and charming. This  record is on the top of the list of best albums in the year 1998. And I  thank Natalie for writing &quot;Life is sweet&quot;, because I need it.
6304539258|5.0|Without a doubt this is the best movie I have ever seen and will ever see. I mean all three of the movies of course. Star Wars is imaginative,well written, and beautifully acted. I was so happy when it was put back into  theatres! I wasn't alive when it first came into theatres. It came out at  just the time when I was really getting interested in Star Wars. My brother  coaxed me to rent it, saying it was the best movies ever made. He was  right. When it came into theatres I was ecstatic. I just received the  trilogy last Christmas. Return of the Jedi was the best movie of the  trilogy. The first Star Wars was kind of slow and the second went a lot  faster but still Return of the Jedi is the best. I am a bit of a Star Wars  fan and I don't think any movie could ever beat the trilogy. Fantastic  movie!!!
6302797586|5.0|Before Schindler's List became the ultimate movie about the Holocaust, there was only QB VII.  I have been searching in vain to find this in rental stores ANYWHERE in America.  This is a must see movie.  Outstanding  acting and an explosive ending make this one for every member of the family  to see and discuss.  HEY STUDIO - Lower the price !!!
0812550757|5.0|An excellent series--but you must read the entire set; Speaker for the Dead will be incomplete without the prehistory. Well written, and innovative, as aways Card gives us a unique and detailed look into our possible future.
6300184064|5.0|Wow, what a view of the future.  It's scary as hell and thought provoking.  Terry Gilliam must be a wierd guy, but he has a vision.  I think my favorite part is when Lowry's mother is watching a bomb go off and people  die, and she just says, &quot;Well, what can you do?&quot;  Wierd stuff, a  great movie.  See it
B00000I952|5.0|Abba deserves to be ranked up there with The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, Elvis, Madonna, as one of the greatest music acts ever known. &quot;The Visitors&quot;, their last studio album is, in my opinion, their best -  even surpassing their mega-smash &quot;Super Trouper&quot;. Abba has always  remained chiefly a pop band, never going full force into disco but merely  scratching its surface. With &quot;The Visitors&quot;, they scratch the  surface of New Wave, the predominant musical force in the early 1980s.  There isn't a dislikable track on this jewel of a recording. The production  standards were ahead of the time - very rich. The song writing skills of  the Swedish band will never be matched - not by Roxette, Ace of Base, or  any of the other talents emerging from that land. Best Tracks: &quot;The  Visitors&quot;, &quot;When All Is Said and Done&quot;, &quot;I Let the  Music Speak&quot;, and &quot;Slipping Through My Fingers&quot;.
B000002UVZ|5.0|Quite frankly this is my favorite R.E.M. record of all time. I know that this is one of the least likely to be considered for the title, but this album has a special feeling to it, that hasn't been duplicated since. Start  with &quot;Begin the begin&quot;, one of the classic scorchers of all time.  &quot;These Days&quot; keeps up the pace, leading into the greatest song  ever recorded, &quot;Fall on Me&quot;. These three songs alone would rank  this album, but the rest is just as strong. &quot;Cuyahoga&quot;,  &quot;Flowers of Guatamala&quot; and the ultra-fun &quot;Superman&quot; to  close it out. I know i'm in the minority here, but this album never gets  old-ever. It clearly surpasses anything they've produced in the 90's, and  it equals their earlier work without sounding exactly the same.
6300182355|5.0|Okay,there is the cheese factor,but all in all,the special effects and costumes were magnificent in a tacky,mid budget way.Good guy,bad guy,the girl...Intergalactic drama for your mama.Shows how we all should  unite!Queen is a plus(gotta love the wedding theme)!While there was never a  sequel,it just goes to show you,ya' never know whats out there.It is a  pretty far out there flick.Sneek a peek at a future James Bond and let your  imagination take control.Long live FLASH!
6305263248|4.0|If for nothing else, watch this movie for the car chases.  Unfortunately the cars aren't exotic, but they make up for it with pedal pumping adrenaline.  100 mph through the back streets of Nice is a stunt every  action junky should see.  The plot is great too, it keeps you guessing.  A  fantastic action flick!
0385493800|5.0|Grisham has succeeded in writing a thought-provoking and entertaining novel which reflects the conflict between late 20th century American cultural values and evangelical Christian principles.  The book is  intelligent, articulate and thoughtful, perhaps his best work since The  Firm.  Let's send a challenge to Hollywood -- make a movie out of The  Testament and stay true to the book.
6303073107|2.0|OK, OK, this is &quot;a classic film&quot;--very  influential, introducing ground breaking film techniques, and all that.  And yes, it ushers in the New Age by convincing us all that there is no such thing as objective  Truth--just &quot;personal perspectives.&quot;  But holy over-acting  Batman! Can anyone say that they ever, for one second, believed in these  clownish characters?  I know--I'm supposed to allow room for &quot;Japanese  cultural standards of film making,&quot; but I have some Japanese friends,  and THEY sure don't act anything like these over-the-top performances.  Frankly my dear, I don't see what all the fuss is about.  Blame me for  being so ethnocentric, but I say skip this stuff and read Shakespeare  instead.
0060926317|5.0|Marlo Morgan's account of her spiritual revelation is the key here. She went into this journey being spiritually void (as a great portion of our society is) and returned with a message of hope, tollerance, and  understanding.    There is entirely too much debate on the issues of fact  vs. fiction, her lack of literary style, and her motive for writing this  book. The mere fact that so much attention is being spent on such  nit-picking rather than the message, further illustrates how essential this  reading is. There are alot of unconscious drones that could benefit from  this read and find  peace and meaning in their lives if they're willing to  give it a chance. C'mon, Marlo Morgan never professed to be a great  novelist - she's a doctor with something to say.   An interesting  observation that I made in reading some of the more scathing reviews, was  that the individuals who seemed most caught up in the fast vs. fiction  controversy are the ones who feel the need to get their own credentials out  there...&quot;as a grad student at...&quot; &quot;I am an anthropoligist  who spent 8 years in Australia...&quot; &quot;I have a Phd. in...&quot;  etc. And the literary snobs, well... there is no pleasing them anyway.  Those with the biting tongues and the quick judgement are the ones who need  this read the most.   I am compiling a list to send this book to everyone  that I give a damn about, while encouraging them to read and recirculate  the books and get the message out.
0684867621|2.0|Stephen, it's time to move on.<br />King pulls out all his patented gimmicks in this quick read.  The ewwwww factor, the bogeyman, the troubled pre-adolescent, the faceoff at the end.  Yadda, yadda, yadda.  Stephen wrote of his methods in &quot;Danse Macabre&quot; and now it's time to move  on.<br />&quot;The Girl...&quot; is not without some fun (in the King sense)  but why try to shoehorn the gimmicks to fit the story.<br />Someday (soon I  hope), King will drop his compulsion to shock and gross-out and simply  write a good story.  Ya know ya got it in ya, Steve!
B000000WFF|5.0|****SPICE UP YOUR LIFE****
B00000163G|5.0|Forget the negative things you've seen in the past about him in the media, if you want to know where an artists' soul is coming from, look at his work. Transitioning easily from hardcore to melodic, and always  thought-provoking, this album shows what a talented &quot;thug&quot; really  can do. If you've ever been where he's talking about, it'll move you. We  miss you, 2Pac.
0312854021|5.0|Unlike so many other science fiction novels out there, Ender's Game has an actual plot to it.  When my cousin lent me his copy I thought that I wouldn't like it just because it was sci-fi, but I fell in love with Ender  and Orsan Scott Card.  I now own as many of his books as I can get my hands  on.  This book just makes you feel, it's so real.  I recommend this book to  everyone.
0425152251|5.0|In an excellently written book, Jostein Gaarder takes the reader on a trip through Sophie Amundsen's world filled with interesting twists and turns.  The greatest thing I pulled from reading this book was not, though, a basic knowledge of the history of philosophy.  The message that I am afraid a lot  of people are missing is that we must not loose our sense of wonder about  the world.  I have read this book several times now, yet it never fails to  make me take a new look at my life.  This book is great if you really want  to think about what's important in life and keep an open mind in the  process.  I have recommended this book to several adults now (I am 16), and  I have found that after they got over the initial implausibility of the  book, they usually found some of the meaning.<br />To anybody that is thinking  of buying this book, I would greatly recommend it, as long as you are  willing to read it with an open mind.  I know it's changed me.  I would  especially recommend this book to teenagers, though, because the book's  light nature might not go over so well with &quot;serious thinking  adults.&quot;
6305313687|5.0|Compelling!!  It is a must see
0792151712|1.0|This is a disaster in more ways than one. Best (or worst) line from the movie: &quot;We have to stay on this ship!&quot; Acting lessons for everyone, please.
B00000HZFH|5.0|This record was recommended to me by far-flung net acquaintances, and I chose to trust them &amp; buy it.  My trust paid off as it rarely does.  This is a disc to spin again and again.  High points:  &quot;Carry the  Zero,&quot;  &quot;Sidewalk,&quot; and &quot;The Plan.&quot;  Don't expect  BTS to sound like other bands you like; instead, expect other bands some  day to sound like these guys, as they are surely destined for high status  and inevitable imitation.  These songs will stick to your ribs &amp; bring  out your inner Doug Martsch.  Good luck.
0156907399|5.0|and understood over time EXCEPT that people living right now evidentally feel &quot;superior&quot; to their forbears who &quot;broke&quot; with custom (in the way Virginia did in &quot;To the Lighthouse&quot;) to enable the types of experimentation with &quot;thought&quot; and &quot;stream of  consciousness&quot; to be furthered, expanded, invented and BY NOW to be  well known as a &quot;genre.&quot; Internet writing IS by virtue of it's  &quot;nature&quot; necessarily AT TIMES &quot;stream of consciousness&quot;  in the chatrooms, at certain online venues. No Virginia Woolf does not  interact back.  For AOL users, her &quot;ims&quot; are blocked.  She's  dead, and you couldn't just start talking to Judith Krantz, John Grisham or  whoever you wanted to talk with today anyway.<br /> One does not pick up  &quot;To the Lighthouse&quot; to read contemporary american fiction of the  late twentieth century. The &quot;espoused formula&quot; of many readers  was precisely what Virginia Woolf flouted.<br />The misunderstanding of this  woman's book by so many readers (many, American males) is a sad testimony  to the state of &quot;true literacy&quot; and our &quot;cultural  legacy&quot; in the United States.<br />&quot;To The Lighthouse&quot; will  also stand as a historical marker.  Perhaps it will help the ill  comprehending &quot;boring brigade&quot; to know that there ARE no more  &quot;lighthouse keepers.&quot;  The last &quot;manpowered&quot; Lighthouse  in GreatBritain was evacuated and automated in the most recent of months  (sometime around Christmas I believe of 1998 or the beginning of  1999).<br />This woman has made history now, more than once.<br />How could  people NOT be interested in how other people think, in slowing down the  pace, in the quiet rhythm of different places and times.<br />I am at a loss  as to how so many persons misconstrued and misunderstood a great author  like VW in a great book like &quot;TTHLH&quot; while greedily gorging on  necrophilia by persons like Poppy Z. Brite.  <br />     Nato is still bombing  Kosovo.  Ms. Woolf committed suicide during WW2.  <br />     I understand the  readers that feel FULFILLED by this amazing book.  It is disheartening to  know that there are people out there, with strange ideas of  &quot;literature&quot; and well...that as to the group of persons with  their negative opinions of &quot;To The Lighthouse&quot; I guess it's too  bad I cannot understand you.  You say tomatoe and I say tomahto but you  know... To The Lighthouse is still a &quot;Stellar&quot; and an important  book and will remain so as long as the &quot;pundits of taste&quot; and the  &quot;Canon&quot; mandates.  I can tell you that will be as long as this  globe spins.<br />Read the book for yourself.  I would only use capitals as  some reader did...to stop someone from hurting themselves.   A little  culture never hurt anyone.  Perhaps, the best one could hope to be by  cultural illiteracy is (arching and eyebrow) amused.
B000002KL3|5.0|If I had to put in order the best 4 albums by VH, it would be VH 1, Fair Warning, VH 2, then Women and Children First. Even though I would put this album at #4, it still is a smoker. They seemed to temporarily shed the  pop-metal direction they started with VH 2 (Beautiful Girls, Dance the  Night Away) and just stick to the hard stuff. A wise move in my opinion.  There would be plenty of time for pop in the post DLR era. The band is  great on all fronts. Fools, Romeo's Delight, Everybody Wants Some are the  stand out tracks and really get you going. All time classic.
B000002ADT|5.0|BEST JAZZ ALBUM. EVERYONE WHO IS INTO JAZZ SHOULD BUY THIS CD.FREDDIE FREELOADER IS MY FAVORITE SONG
B000002KM6|5.0|It's amazing that as good as this album is, it is not nearly as well known as their debut or say... 1984. Not one throw-away song can be found here. It sounds more polished than the previous 3 albums but still has a raw  aggresion.Arguably VH's best album, although their debut is hard to beat.  If you love guitar rock, GET THIS ALBUM!
0671015206|4.0|This book is an excellent exercise in introducing the basics of intelligent money management to the masses.  Much of the book is basic, but for many, the principles presented won't seem so obvious. The majority of  the American public suffer from overspending and a lack of savings for the  future.  The book doesn't use scare tactics, but nonetheless effectively  points to the lack of a long term financial strategy for most American  families. I agree with almost everything in the book, however, my only  criticism is that it perhaps goes too far in stressing frugalism.  You  should be able to enjoy the fruits of your labor to some degree.  It is all  a matter of priorities. All in all, a sound book, and may I say a brave  one.  Not many people would have the guts to take some of the unpopular  stands the authors take.  Well done.
B000002KKS|4.0|The worst thing I can say about this album is that the band seemed to purposely scrap their trademark sound. I though back then that they lost their stuff but I recently saw them live and they still can sound like the  old Sabbath when they want. I can appreciate them trying a new direction  but for me it was a disappointment. Gone were Tony's trademark note bends  and Bill Ward's drums seem subdued, and Geezer seems to follow suit. Dio's  voice sounds great, and really saves the album if anything. This album to  me sounds like Holy Diver at times. The song writing isn't quite up to par  in my opinion too. But still this is a good early 80's metal album
6304240562|5.0|The first time I saw Dawn of the Dead I fell in love(or at least I had a strange feeling on my stomich). now all I do is somehow relaited to it.  Yup this movie wrecked my life!
B000002JSN|4.0|When I first bought this album I loved all 15 songs, but time has tempered that a little. I still really like &quot;The Rover&quot;, &quot;In My Time of Dying&quot;, &quot;Trampled Under Foot&quot; (the best use Page ever  made of those simple riffs he liked), &quot;Kashmir&quot;, &quot;In the  Light&quot;, the short &quot;Bron-Yr-Aur&quot;, and &quot;Night  Flight&quot;, but &quot;Down By the Seaside&quot; in particular is simply  dumb, as are &quot;Boogue With Stu&quot; and &quot;Black Country  Woman&quot;. No, none are nearly as bad as &quot;The Crunge&quot;, but  that's not saying much. Not to say this is a _bad_ album at all, just the  opposite, but I disagree with the people who say this is their  _best_.<br /><br /><br />The first CD is all good stuff, but while the second lags  behind, especially in the second half, there are still enough good songs  here to make it worth the price tag.
B000002KH3|5.0|When I was just entering my teens I first heard Runnin with the Devil.  I asked my friend &quot;what the hell was that?&quot;  To this day that song and the rest of the cd sounds as new and different as all of the rest of  the stuff out there.  I read that Eddie did stuff on that cd that he  couldn't recreate on other subsequent cds.  The band played it as a live  studio album.  No over dubbing or mixing, and therefore the sound is raw  and very intense. The music was totally different than anything else of  it's time.  The only other band that had a simlilar type of sound was GnR's  on their first cd.
630438551X|5.0|This is the absolute best movie ever made. It is definitely NOT a formula movie. It is very original. Never really been done before. I recommend to everybody. But it seems that people over the age of 25 hate it. The death  scene was done extremely well. Truly great film-making. A captivating  movie.
B000002HRE|5.0|Screw all you fake Metallica fans that say this album = sellout. This album Rocks in every way imaginable. If you think this album sux, obviously you haven't seen Fuel played live and see F*UCKIN' FLAMES BURST FROM THE  BACK OF THE STAGE WHEN HAMMET PLAYS HIS RIPPING SOLO!! And that goes for  the rest of the songs on this album! METALLICA 4EVER!! THIS ROCKS ROCKS  ROCKS!!
0671015206|2.0|The review titled &quot;Interesting thesis - boring delivery&quot; could not have said it better.   At first, I found the book interesting.  It was interesting to see that such a subject could be studied and a thesis-like approach could be used.   But the conclusion of the book was on the book  jacket.  And it was repeated throughout the book.  When I was finished with  it - I felt really empty.   The &quot;surprising secret&quot; of the  wealthy?  It was no secret and it was not surprising.  Of course you have  to be thrifty to become rich.  The authors' advice was more or less  &quot;never spend money&quot; and I think that is a wrong advice to give.   You should work hard at life and with your hard earned money, you should  use it wisely.  Using big sums of money is not wrong - it can indeed be an  investment if you are using it using it for purposes such as education.   But if you are wasting money, even a penny is too much.
6305120706|5.0|I also have both the video and the DVD of this fine movie.  The DVD is much better quality, of course.  Why does everyone want purrrfection? For those of us who had never seen this show before, it is as close as we may  ever get to the stage version! So it has mistakes! What movie doesn't?  (Besides, it's fun to find the flubs!) My favorite character is  Mistoffelees (played to purrrrrfection by Jacob Brent). Who says these CATS  aren't loveable?  Up close you can see their expressions, and you can  understand the songs much better!  And I loved the costumes, that were NOT  Halloweenish! I give this DVD two paws up! Thank you.
630027120X|5.0|When I first saw the movie, I thought that it would be great, but it ended up more than great. I think that Siskel and Ebert should have given it 2 thumbs up because this movie was one of the best I had ever seen until I  saw Lawrence of Arabia. Still, The Mission is one of my most favorite  movies of all time!
0446310786|5.0|I loved this book because it is so realistic. I liked Scout, she's a good charactor. A book to be read by everybody. So likeable.
B00000AFHM|5.0|B&amp;S are a floating team of musicians largely hailing from and based in Scotland.  Their music has an appealing low-fi feel to it, placing heavy reliance on acoustic guitars, pianos, and diverse percussion and wind  instruments.  Synthesisers make an appearance from time to time, but even  their input is in a determinedly old fashioned: TR808 percussion, early  Moog keyboards, and thus blends in perfectly with the overall  sound.<br />However to think of the music itself as low-fi would be to ignore  the beautiful multi-layered construction.  Each of the songs on this album  is a spider's web of perfection, and just as a spider's web looks simple on  first sight, but becomes an object of wonder on closer inspection, so this  album will grow on you with each listen, as you hear nuances, instruments,  and colours that escaped you previously.<br />This album demands decent  stereo, or good headphones.  On poorer systems the layers will merge and  the resultant sound, whilst still equipped with the hook in the brain tunes  and choruses, will lose the artistry, the science that has gone into this  recording.  I have a friend who jogs with this on her walkman, and that  kind of focused listening is exactly what is needed to really get under the  skin of this CD.<br />Mortgage your soul, buy the best CD player you can  afford, sit bang in the middle of the speakers, turn the lights off, and  surrender to the sublime perfection that is this album.  And ponder whether  anything you ever do in life will approach this beauty.
0385493800|1.0|I have been a John Grisham fan since I read his first book, &quot;A Time To Kill,&quot; however, this book was a complete and total disappointment!  The characters were uninteresting, and the plot was boring and dull.  He spent numerous pages on an unexciting portrait of an alcoholic, even more  pages on unentertaining details about the Brazilian jungle, and I found  myself skimming or skipping pages altogether.  The only reason I finished  this book was because I kept thinking that somewhere along the way he might  redeem himself.  However, that never happened.  I would have given it a  half of star if it were possible!   It was a total waste of my time!
0871137380|5.0|This book grabs you and lifts you off in a Blackhawk helicopter ride thru one of the filthiest, poorest cities on earth. A city where Rangers and &quot;D-Boys&quot;, our most elite fighting men, were sent on a &quot;humanitarian mission&quot; that evolved into something more deadly.  You experience what combat veterans refer to as a &quot;dust-off&quot; as  the dust of Mogadishu swirls from hovering, diving and  machine-gun  spraying &quot;Little Birds&quot; and the dust-up of Somali militia bullets  striking around the trapped Rangers..whose average age was 19. But when you  read what these teenagers were made of, you'll never forget it. A rare  opportunity to read about Delta Force, as well.<br />Don't miss this one, if  you think that &quot;character doesn't count.&quot;
6305399212|5.0|If you haven't seen &quot;Aliens the directors cut&quot; see it.  Because this is the real &quot;Aliens&quot;. I wonder why anyone ever had the guts to cut out all these important scenes. The scenes that are included in the  directors cut explains all those small things that could not be explained  in the normal version.  Example: There where about 600 terraformers on the  planet when the mothership was found. And you'll have to asume that they  were all used as &quot;mothers&quot; for Aliens. That means that there are  around 600 Aliens on the planet (and that's alot). You only see the  soldiers kill approx. 10-15 Aliens when they first encouter them, and in  the end they are only attacked by approx. 20 Aliens. What happend to the  rest of them (about 500 Aliens, quite deadly if I should say). Well in the  normal version they are just gone (perhaps on a picnic or something), but  in the directors cut you see what happens to them (a cute scene).  That is  why the directors cut is the real Aliens because you see alot of new  things, small stuff here and there, but it is all this &quot;small  stuff&quot; that makes the movie complete.
0811821846|5.0|We haven't tried every recipe in the cookbook yet, but so far, those we have tried have gotten great reviews - especially from the adults in our family! Probably the best feature of this cookbook, from a cookbook point of view, is that it has lamenated pages. . .for those times when the  youngest of Jedi are somewhat messy! The pictures are a hoot, and the names  given to some of the recipes: Boba Fett-ucini, Dark Side Salsa and Greedo  Burritos (just to name a few) are quite clever. A must for every Star Wars  fan. A fun cookbook for the entire family.
B000007MVU|3.0|Yes, that's true. This album features 12 standards from the 20's, 30's or 40's, complete with big orchestral arrangements. It's very hard to review such an album. It will surely be dismissed by people considering that  &quot;it's not rock, it's lousy&quot;. It's not rock'n'roll indeed. And  Ringo isn't Sinatra either. But that's almost what makes this album  interesting, hearing Ringo doing his best to sing these songs. And it can  be really charming sometimes. &quot;Sentimental Journey&quot;, the title  track, is really well-arranged. And in a way, I'd rather hear Ringo than  some great crooner singing that kind of songs because he doesn't take them  too seriously, he just has fun singing it, so we have fun too !
6305399212|5.0|The first time I saw &quot;Aliens&quot; I loved it! I used to watch it over and over when I was younger. It was the most action packed sci-fi thriller I had ever seen and haven't seen and alien movie yet that  compares. The monster design by the late H.R.Giger was the most oringinal  alien design.    Put that together with an awesome cast and director. You  can't beat it! James Cameron is arguably the greatest movie director ever.  I would have to say if there is ever a better alien movie than  &quot;Aleins&quot; Cameron would probably be directing it!
6302902010|3.0|I have searched everywhere for the orignal version of Porgy &amp; Bess. I don't understand what  the problem is.  Does anyone know?
6304675348|5.0|This is a great movie to watch when you want to be nervous but I have to say even though I love it after you see it once it isn't so scary but other than that it's great!!! It might be just me but it is one of the best  movies I've ever seen!
B000002MUN|5.0|WILDFLOWERS resonates with relaxed confidence, joyful wonder and melancholy beauty. This is the first Petty album I ever purchased because I only liked a handful of his previous songs.  Here, Petty puts down the  electric and picks up the acoustic, and he sounds right at home. Here he is  - an artist who has made his mark, was allowed to keep company (and hold  his own) with the likes of Roy Orbison, Bob Dylan, and George Harrison, and  has since gone on to have the biggest album of his career, FULL MOON FEVER.  What does he feel he has left to prove? Nothing - which is why this album  achieves its' quality. Petty doesn't sound like he's striving for anything,  it seems like he just gathered a collection of songs that he knew were  good, and went in and recorded them. Standout tracks include &quot;You  Don't Know How It Feels&quot;, &quot;You Wreck Me&quot;, &quot;To Find A  Friend&quot;, &quot;Higher Place&quot;, and the title track, which would  make a great Valentine's Day dedication to your girlfriend.  The electric  workout &quot;Honey Bee&quot; and a couple of other tracks are weak, and  don't coalesce into the feel of the overall album, but the standards of the  rest of it  - and lest I forget to mention Rick Rubin's stellar production  - are of the highest recommendation.
0062502174|5.0|A simple, elegantly written book that is an inspiration to look beyond the obvious.  A good book to read during times of change, and especially before traveling.  I have given this to many friends and relatives.  I highly  recommend it!
B0000025OP|5.0|Being a huge The Band fan I really love this collaboration with Bob Dylan. The fact that it was recorded in just a few days actually works in favour of the record. Just listen to Robbie Robertsons guitar in &quot;Going,  Going, Gone&quot;. Just spine-tingling.
B000002UB3|5.0|The best album ever.  The Golden Slumbers medley is the most inspired chunk of rock 'n roll one can experience.  I NEVER get tired of this. The synergy shown by the Beatles at this point, regardless of their squabbling,  will probably never be surpassed.  And those who've underestimated Ringo's  talent should slap on the headphones and get an earful. Six stars wouldn't  be enough.
6301247485|2.0|I think the most that could ever be said in praise of this film is that it was better than the 1949 version, which was vulgar and insipid. This film is still insipid, but in a somewhat more classy way. However take away the  huge budget and there is nothing left, except an indifferent screenplay and  an allowably good performance by Sam Waterston as Nick Carraway. Robert  Redford is really at his best during the close-ups, which should come as a  surprise to no one. It is a shame however, that he was completely incapable  of delivering a sincere and convincing portrayl of Jay Gatsby. Mia Farrow  is consummately affected throughout the whole peice. She tried to capture  the captivaitng persona of Daisy Buchanan, but somehow failed in the  process, and acts rather like obnoxious infant being weaned and not much  liking it. Lois Chiles is all right as Jordan Baker. Considering her role  as an important character in the novel, her dialogue and involvement in the  film was meagre. Bruce Dern caused more amusement than annoyance. His  portrayl of Tom Buchanan could have been worse, however he does get kudos  for delivering the most honest performance. He rides horses and beats his  mistress all with equal energy and callousness (this was after all the 20s)  and the audience ends up hating him in the end, perhaps the only one of   Fitzgerald's intentions that was brought properly to the screen. The  costumes were divine. Robert Redford looked great in a pink-coloured suit,  and Mia Farrow's hopelessly over-the-top frills and spills caught the  period glamour well.  Viewers who have not read the book, should read the  book. It is an enriching experience that leaves the reader almost  breathless. The film, with its budget and stable of talent, ought to have  delivered the genuine article. It didn't however, and although it may be  enjoyed as an expensive, classier version of a Mills and Boon novel, it is  not a proper adaptation of Fitzgerald's masterpiece.
6305265488|5.0|Although I am a Drew Barrymore fan I had my doubts about this one.  After actually viewing it, I must say I was pleasantly surprised; not only by the wonderful performances that were given by the cast, but also by the  softness and humor leant to this old and great clasic.  Five stars without  a doubt.
6303832563|5.0|At least once a week I see a cinematic tecnhique, a camera angle, or I hear some music, that is a frank imitation of Koyaanisqatsi. This film gave the world a whole new visual vocabulary.  It did things no one had done  before.  Seminal.<br />I still have my original tape of the PBS broadcast.  It's pretty tired.  I also have the soundtrack CD.  I wish I could see it  again as I did when it was playing in the little art theater where I first  experienced it.  Full sound and visuals.  I don't understand why it's been  out of circulation so long.
B00000DGUG|4.0|This is a creative sound.  She has created a style  all her own.  She seems to try a little too hard to be on the dark side.  Some of her depth as a lyricist seems to come from a deep dark side, but I enjoy her more  upbeat cheerful songs.
0393307050|5.0|I made the mistake of recommending these books to two close friends.  One bought the entire series to date and disappeared into the Napoleonic Wars for two weeks, to emerge a broken, haunted man with nothing left to live  for - save the periodic release of another installment.<br />The other was  more casual initially, yet he later sent me a scathing E-mail chastising me  for taking such a huge chunk from his personal and professional life, in  that he now had to round up every title and read them nonstop.<br />The  characterizations are all to human, the dialog delightful.  From the first  we are made aware of Aubrey's and Maturin's flaws as well as their gifts,  and yet we love and respect them all the more for them.  No cardboard  cutout heroes here, but flesh and blood.<br />This is where the series begins,  in the sunny Mediterranean.  Soak up the olive oil and red wine while you  can, because if you follow our heroes' journeys you will find yourself in  the chill drizzle of England, the glassy oppressive heat of the Indian  Ocean, the driving squalls of the Cape of Good Hope, and the languid  sultriness of the South Pacific.  All in all, a worthwhile trip in good  company.
B00000HZTB|5.0|This cd is a MUST for any Lou Reed fan! Previously available as an import, this new domestic release has been re-mastered and sounds Fantastic!! The songs &quot;The Gun'&quot;, and &quot;The Blue Mask&quot; are worth the  price of this cd! This is lou's most harrowing album next to  &quot;Berlin&quot;. Listen to it and feel the pain!!
0374172897|1.0|Having thoroughly read and re-read The Hours in search of an original novel, I am beside myself with awe that the Pulitzer committee has seen fit to endorse a self-indulgent exercise in literary ventriloquism.  Since he has been such an faithful imitator of her style, Mr. Cunningham might do  well to remember that Woolf would not accept awards or honorary degrees for  her fiction.
B000009CEM|1.0|THIS IS NOT A GOOD CD FROM A NOT-GOOD BAND. ALL THE SONGS ARE BAD EXCEPT EDGECRUSHER. ALL THE SONGS ARE PURE CACOPHONY THAT HAS RIPPED OFF SEPULTURA AND MACHINE HEAD
B000001ZS3|5.0|I had wanted this CD for a long time after hearing Oxygene IV on the &quot;Pure Moods&quot; compilation.  The experience of this music is wonderful and I loved it even though Oxy IV is not representative of the  work as a whole.  The music was so relaxing that the first time I played  it, the 40 minutes seemed to go by just like that, so I played it through  again.  Oxygene V is also worth a special mention. Looking forward to  listening to &quot;Equinoxe&quot; next.
0671015206|2.0|The lives chronicled in this book are pretty sad. Especially the guy and his fiance who pride themselves on never going out.  Get a life <br />The book has some interesting ideas. But it never covers the concept of compounding.   Compounding over time has enormous impacts on our personal balance  sheets<br />You need to take away from this book that there are sacrifices you  need to make to become financially independent.  Just don't go too far
0684867621|4.0|I loved this book for it's realism; I like it when the events in a horror novel could conceivably really happen, rather than reading about some nebulous monster or spirit that's obviously made up. This book was gripping  for it's realistic imagery of a child's terror at being lost in the woods,  with a little bit of the nebulous monster thrown in to boot. I like that  the book concentrated on Trisha's feelings, rather than going off on a  tangent about the unseen thing in the woods. Also, Tom Gordon went to my  high school and I remember him playing high school ball here, so I sort of  connected with the story on that level too! All in all, a gripping, though  far too short, read.
B000002MTU|5.0|This CD is what every great musician is made of - a moment in time when the thanks and gratitude can be given publicly to those who paved the way.  In this CD there is a collection of some of the greatest blues tunes ever  written, some of the best musicians to help reproduce them, and one of the  all-time great guitarists of popular music to lead them.  This CD motivated  me to see the performance live.  Listening to it on the stereo just wasn't  enough.  My son, age 15, reluctantly accompanied me....knowing some about  60's music, a little about Eric Clapton, and nothing really about Blues.   He would have much preferred a Pearl Jam concert.  When we left the concert  hall I asked my son what he thought.  With tears in his eyes he said,  &quot;I have been to the biggest concert in the world (referring to  Woodstock 94), and now I have seen the greatest guitarist of my time.  I  want to learn to play.&quot;  Today, my son is 20.  He is a blues guitar  musician and plays an EC Signature Strat.  He will be leaving soon for  places such as Mississippi, Tennesse, and then up to Chicago to play blues.   Clapton does not bring to this CD any earth-shattering innovative guitar  playing, nor does he contribute anything original.  However, he does  something far more important and profound with this release than most  artists will do in a lifetime, he brought an entire music, which was more  often than not forgotten, to the forefront. From The Cradle introduces to  some and allows others not to forget the likes of Muddy Waters, Freddie  King, Robert Johnson, Howlin' Wolf, and many others.  A British Rocker put  our musical roots where they have always belonged - on top of the Billboard  Charts!  My American hat is off to EPC!
B000001E8P|5.0|Every song has incredible lyrics. The music is among the best Brit pop. I think everybody should just have it in theri collection.
6305265666|5.0|When I buy or rent DVD &amp; VHS movies I try to get one for me, and one that I think my wife will like. This one was for her and I was right, she loved it. What surprised me was, I did too! <br />Good writing, tight  direction, beautifully photographed. Or course, for me a little T&amp;A  would have,,,, never mind.
B000002LJA|5.0|I have had this CD for several years now and every time I pull it out, it's fresh. It's packed with musical explosion, harmony, lyric, and variety.  It has it all.  My all time favorite is &quot;The Places You Find  Love&quot;.  Truly inspirational, and pours emotion.  These Veteran Artists  know they can put you in the middle of the music and keep you riding even  after the music is gone.  Thank-you Q for putting this together.  Thank-you  for your mastery of sound.
031286504X|2.0|My expectation were high after reading the comments by other authors, but after finishing the book i was extremely dissappointed. The book seems to aimed at young children and is too short to develop an interesting story  line. I didn't care much for the short stories either.
038097617X|5.0|I picked this book up and couldn't put it down.  The characters are believable and quirky.  Marion Keyes keeps your attention - though a bit predictable.  I loved it!  I just wish it wasn't her only book!!!
6304372620|5.0|A lucid screenplay and a first-rate ensemble cast, combined with a powerful and sensitive musical score, make this movie a must-see.  The performers were utterly convincing, and I especially thought that Dustin  Hoffman and Kevin Bacon gave Oscar-caliber performances.  See this flick!
B00000D9TQ|4.0|I really love this cd. I play it over and over, especially &quot;Easy Lover&quot; &quot;Against All Odds&quot; and &quot;one More night&quot;. Its a great collection for the nostalgic fans from the 80s. I agree that  &quot;Do you remember&quot; should have been included, and there were a few  songs on here that didn't quite fit like &quot;Both sides of the  story&quot;. But it is worth the investment.
0790733900|5.0|COOL HAND LUKE is a memorable film on many levels. First of all, the character of Lucas Jackson is so immediately likeable that if you watch this film, you will always respect Paul Newman. That's a good thing: he's a  brilliant actor.<br />But the best thing about this movies is the  Christ-metaphor. Luke plays his &quot;cool hand&quot; throughout the movie  with no apology to the the powers that be which constrict his life and  eventually end it. His friends and eventual disciples, George Kennedy  included, admire him but can't understand or connect with the spirit inside  him which invariably send Luke up against authority. You just watch Luke go  up to the cross, trash-talking God all the way.<br />He fought the law, and  the law won. (Always does).<br />Watch for the Christ imagery. That and the  implications for non-violent protest (a la Gandhi and King) resonate  throughout this classic, enjoyable flick.
B000002JS6|5.0|This album is the definition of 80's heavy metal.  The first, the best and will be for decades.  AC-DC proved to the rest of the world what rock and roll was all about!  Sex, booze, cank amped guitar and hellacious live  shows.<br />Metallica, HA
B000002UAO|5.0|In my opinion, this is the greatest recording the Beatles released. It's content shows the style of each of the Beatles, as well as their musical and lyrical depth. From John Lennon's introspective look on life with  &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot; and &quot;In My Life&quot;, to Paul McCartney's  classic &quot;Michelle&quot;, then to George Harrison's &quot;If I Needed  Someone&quot; with its eastern musical influence, this is a classic  recording. This recording is timeless music, despite its release date.
B000002KAT|5.0|This album is quintessential to any collector of music.  The album spans many categories, including blues, rock, folk, and jazz.  Van's voice is at it's prime, and the intsrumentation is unparalleled.
6300183971|4.0|But if you didn't read the book, you'll probably be confused by the complexity of the plot.  Still, I thought the casting was brilliant, and the set designs were perfectly-suited to the strange, futuristic world as  described in the novel.  See the un-cut version if you can --- I don't  understand why they shortened it in the first place!
B000002513|5.0|I don't know why this album does not get as much attention as other works. <br />The band is hitting on all cylinders. The music is a rock/jazz/blues fusion.
B000002KAT|5.0|this is one of the (if not the best) way to start off a solo career.  Van can take your breath away with one verse of &quot;gardens wet with rain.&quot;
0790705141|5.0|Stanley Kubrick was one of America's greatest film directors, and I consider &quot;The Shining&quot; to be one of his best works!  While he didn't exactly stick to Stephen King's book, the finished result remains a  great horror flick, with superb performances by Jack Nicholson and Shelly  Duval! This one's a winner!
6304288433|4.0|Along with my review of the first Halloween (Collector's edition), I must give the sequel it's due. When you consider all of the filmmaker's options for a sequel to perhaps the best horror film of all time (Halloween, 1 year  later?, Halloween the next day with police involved?, Halloween III?  yuck!),they could have done a lot worse. The only sequel that I can think  of that picks up exactly where the first one ended, who knew the night was  only half through? Very cool. Also, I forgot to mention the other effect  that made this film and it's predecessor so scary. The WALK! Talk about  body language! The walk that Nick Castle (Michael Myers in pt. 1) came upon  almost by accident, made the character what he is.  Evil, precise,&amp;  predatory. Always stalking his prey. I wouldn't go into detail about this  sort of thing but if someone asked you to imitate Michael Myers, what would  you do? But I digress. Halloween II is a solid sequel, more bloody yes, but  not without creativity.
B00000IFWE|5.0|Tom Petty has the rare ability to sum up so many emotions in so few words.  Every CD since Full Moon Fever has displayed his rich, economical and empathetic songwriting, and this CD is no exception.
6305107122|5.0|Movies like this just don't come around that often. I am 29 now and this is the movie that made me want to get into the business. You can probably count on one hand how many movies can scare you like Halloween. This movie  is credited as the beginning of the 'slasher' flicks. However, there is  little to no blood visible in this film! What makes this movie superior to  all others is that it had SUSPENCE! That and the fact that the villain,  Michael Myers, could possibly be that creepy neighbor that you never see?  The one who only seems to go out at night and never makes any noise? In my  opinion, blood isn't really scary, but an unstoppable guy in a white mask  is another story! By the way, I wonder how William Shatner feels knowing  that a mask of his face has scared a generation? Suffice to say that if you  have not yet seen this film, do so immediately (at night, with no lights if  possible)and experience a scare that has rarely, if ever, been equaled.
B000002HGD|5.0|This is possibly the best CD that I have ever Listened to.  After listening to it I became an instant Moby fan.  The CD has a great variety of music, all of which are good.  I have over 250 CD's ranging from Iron  Butterfly to EPMD to The Lenny Kravitz, and this satisfies all of my needs.   I listen to it 1/3 of the time I listen to music.  Buy it, and you will  never regret it.
0684867621|3.0|Again King evolves as a writer, but his subject matter and the thoughts he puts in the mind of a nine-year-old child just do not ring true. A good couple of hours diversion, &quot;The Girl Who Loved Tome Gordon&quot;  should not be a starting place for new King readers. That spot should be  reserved for &quot;The Shining&quot; or &quot;Salems Lot&quot;.  King is,  well, King, and so he is here. However, the novella feel of the book  coupled with the almost &quot;deja-vu&quot; of other books I have read,  made for a flat experience.
B000005J56|1.0|It saddens me to think that 7 million Cubans suffer everyday from political oppression and the lack of everyday necessities and we think these productions are just dandy. Of course the music is great, but having  US dollars flow into the communist government's laps in not the situation  we want to have. How much of the cash do you think Ruben Blades sees off of  his work...very little.<br />Enjoy the music but don't forget the real story.
B000002TLX|5.0|I REFUSE to type anything here...  I would simply like to say:  BUY THIS ALBUM NOW!!!!  It's worth every cent, and a little more!!
0312958455|4.0|He goes out and solves a murder case that's what he does. On involuntary leave for punching out his lieutenant he tackles the unsolved mystery of who murdered his mother 30 years ago. If you like police procedurals that  have an air of verisimilitude about them you are always safe plunging into  a Michael Connelly novel. I just finished a faux police procedural written  by JA Jance, and the difference between the two writers is amazing.  Connelly seems to have lived in the police department (like Daley, Caunitz,  Dee, and Mahoney), while Jance's knowledge of police operations seems to  have been gained when she was ticketed for jaywalking.<br />The poor writers  have their cases solved by talking to one witness or relative of the  victim, who gives a lead on another person to talk to, who gives another  lead on another person, and on goes this chain. Connelly deals a lot with  evidence. Nice curious, strange pieces of evidence. Makes things much more  interesting and challenging.
6300151379|5.0|This movie helped to change my life when I saw it as a 13-year old girl. It helped me realize that though life is not fair, it is still beautiful, and that no one can have power over me if I don't let them. The heroine  exists for her own sake rather than for the sake of some male fantasy.  PLEASE bring this movie back! It is a tribute to Jim Henson's directorial  genius and his belief in dreams. More importantly, it is a tribute to the  courage and imagination inherent in young women. We need this movie!!!
6305358613|5.0|Probably the best period piece ever, Elizabeth is the most artistic movie Ive ever seen. It brings out in a dark and obscure, yet elegant way, the mysteries, intritigues, dangers and betrayal of the Elizabethan court. Set  in England in the mid 1500s, it begins with a majestic look at the  persecution and confrontation between catholics, led by their queen, Mary  Tudor, and the protestants, unprotected, whos only hope is the princess  Elizabeth, (majestically played by a scene stealing Cate Blanchett), who  subsequently rises to the thrown. Excelenty produced, acted and directed,  very underappreciated in the Oscars. But thats show biz.
6301174240|5.0|I still remember the day michael released this tape to home video I  was so excited when my mom came home and told me.I mean I started doing dance moves from the Thriller tape(which  my mom owns).Before we bought it and it  was at blockbuster and video magic and I was able to rent a tape I would  always get that most of the time and mom thriller.I still watch it a lot  because I am trying to learn the most of the moves to Smooth Criminal cause  I got some of down but not all.The tape has a lot of great stuff on it such  as clips from videos and the leave me alone video and a special somewhat  concert performance of Come Together(my fave) and Man in the Mirror at the  beginning.It was also cool when he was doing bad video then he turns from a  kid into a grown who gets chased by mobbing fans and then claymation kicks  in with Speed demon playing .But to tell the truth michael has good acting  skills.But thing about was that instead of the old boring regular credits  roll by.Michael at first showed the credits to the documentary with some  guys doing an acapella and switching from behind-the-scenes clips and the  guys.Then you think its over but it shows cmooth criminal fast paced(great  setting for it) and rolls the movie part credits and more video credits.A  must have for every Jackson fan.
0395759242|5.0|An excellent popular account of a relatively unknown period of world history. <br />Even though I've traveled extensively through the area once known as the Belgian Congo, the region's bloody past was confined in my readings to footnotes or short, dry paragraphs - in somewhat the same way  that other recent books' (&quot;The Rape Of Nanking,&quot; and &quot;Man is  Wolf to Man: Surviving the Gulag&quot;) subjects were known to me only in  passing. <br />Thanks to the author for writing such a clear, concise,  readable book on a dark, complex and tragic past that is not past at  all.<br />I welcome a French language translation.
B000002NAK|5.0|Since seeing the movie, I now love musicals.  And when Evita, the tour, came this last montnh, I had to go opening weekend!  IT IS THE BEST!
6302914191|5.0|While this product is generally superb, customers should be aware that it does NOT include the initial two-hour pilot.  That you've gotta buy separately.
0684867621|4.0|This story was quite the page turner, like most of Stephen King's books, and easy to finish in one or two sittings because of its relatively short length (compared to King's other books).  Nine-year old Trisha was definitely wise beyond her years, and was quite a likable character.  What  I found most compelling about the book is that it is realistic... it can  happen... getting lost in Nature's wilderness, striving to survive when  dealing with forest, the marshes, the ravines, the cliffs, the bugs, the  lack of shelter, and the ever-present ominous spirit that King is so  skillful in developing and making real. While I didn't think of Tom Gordon  as a character per se, I thought his presence was skillfully used to  develop Trisha's character.  Overall, a very enjoyable book... upon  finishing it at 1:00 a.m., felt compelled to check the locks on my door and  the lights in the foyer.  And if I every go hiking in the Appalachian  Mtns., I've gotten some good tips about foraging in the forest for food!
6304011431|5.0|Powder? I don't get it. The film is the tale of an albino christ figure with electromagnetic telekinetic powers.  I think mediocre is an overstatement. Honestly, I consider this film the worst film I have ever  seen.  Yet, it does not fail as a film, as horrible as it is. Powder seems  to be an inside joke that never reveals its punchline.  Why 5 stars?  Because, Powder is such an awful film, that there is something wonderful  about it. It is not good enough to be camp.  Powder is painful to watch,  yet it is for that reason, I love it.  I'm amazed it grossed 29 million  dollars domestically.  Check this film out. It's wonderfully awful.
6304132271|5.0|this film had it all - an excellent score, brilleant screenplay debut by andrew walker, oscar-winning performances by spacey and freeman (presumably not given by the academy because they hadn't got the bottle to go out on a  limb with this movie ) a cinematic masterpiece. miss this film at your  peril !!
0312199066|5.0|Having read most of the books on the space program and being particularly fond of the astronaut narratives, I was pleased to see that Gene Cernan has told his story. And what a story it is! The book reads like a novel, never  getting bogged down in technical details, and is a fantastic insider's view  of the space program and the astronaut corps. It is a personal story too of  a Navy aviator's personal and professional growth. I had previously thought  that Mike Collins' &quot;Carrying the Fire&quot; was the best astronaut  book I'd read until this gem came along. The evocative title reminds us of  the glory days and what we lost and yet holds out the promise that the  shuttle and Mars missions offer. All in all one of the most satisfying  books I've read in a long time.
6304077939|5.0|This film is not for the average viewer; if you are a fan of Keanu Reeves and Sandra Bullock, choose another selection. This film is such an immense work that it is impossible to describe in so few words. You will be  captivated within the first minute.
0684867621|5.0|Steven King has once again proved that the monsters within us are the most frightening. He really knows the &quot;inner person&quot; and how to dig 'um up. Good book,a page turner!!!!!
6303014100|5.0|This film was quite possibly the most poignant, moving, and yet strangely unnerving rendition of the Civil War's most famous battle I have ever seen.  It's most redeeming characteristic by far is that it depicts the battle  from both sides...and leaves the viewer rooting for both.  I admired Lee's  wisdom, Longstreet's fire, Chamberlain's determination, and especially  Hancock's gruff geniality.  The scene where Chamberlain leads his brigade  in a last-ditch charge down Little Round Top is one of the best I have  seen; along with Pickett's reply to Lee after the famous charge, when Lee  instructs him to regroup his division: &quot;General Lee...I HAVE no  division.&quot;  The acting and directing are both superb; this film is  truly one for the ages.
B000005H4K|5.0|This is not Big Band music fro the 40s or 50s, but Piano Trio from the early 60s. It is however an excellent record, a perfect example of how open and modern Duke always was.
0062502182|4.0|i just could not tell. this is a book written with a peot's pen, or maybe i ended up with this felling because i read it in french.  one sure thing is that coelho represents a new breed of writers; this is one DIFFERENT  book.
0394492196|5.0|Many readers seem to share the opinion  that TTSS and Smiley's People are Le Carre's two best books. I would only point out two weaknesses in  TTSS which make it, in my opinion, the second best. Unlike the run of the mill  thriller, Le Carre's best books have not had to rely on dramatic scenes.  TTSS does end on a slightly more dramatic note than Smiley's People. The  boarding-school setting for TTSS provides an ideal  atmosphere for a slow  confluence of information that constantly gets more and more interesting.  Yet, Le Carre has to introduce a boy, a curious boy through whose eyes  things are revealed to the reader as necessary. I found this device a  little contrived. Compare this to Smiley's People, where  once again the  story shapes up from bits of information and hints. But there is no  redundancy. No character whose existence is not dictated solely by the  plot. In TTSS, the plot does not need the boy. The writer does.<br />5 stars  nevertheless.
0684867621|4.0|A tender recounting of the bitter conflict between desire and bedwetting. I loved this book and truly identified with the actor who portrayed Tom Gordon.  I felt that this was a true departure from the recent formulaic  works of Mr. King as he plumbed the depths of the soul and patience of the  reader.
0440219078|5.0|I thought this book was REAL good.  The way Lois Lowry describes Jonas's sheltered life is amazing.  It makes you realize how lucky you are to live in this world, as twisted as it is. The characters are amazing.  It makes me glad that I don't get 'released' for making a mistake.  I recommend this  book to anyone.
0805047905|5.0|This book's beautiful artwork and simple refrain is delightful. My son loves this book.  Older children love it too.  It's a great book for a child to read to an adult.  We loved it so much that we bought Polar Bear, Polar Bear, What Do You Hear too!
6302798450|4.0|i've never seen the other Evil Dead movies, but since it was able to fill in the background info seamlessly, this movie got a definite plus.  also, the cool thing with the cybernetic hand, and the plot, and a whole bunch of  cool ideas added to nearly nonstop, demon-slaughering battles and action  make this an almost perfect film.  Unfortunately, the dialogue is corny,  and it flip-flops back and forth between dark, serious, and gruesome...to  stupid, corny, ridiculous, and....weird.  Make up your mind, movie!!!  This  dosen't seem to have a target audience.  The humour is stuff you'd see in  kiddie movies or cartoon shows.  The dialogue sounds like something off of  Power Rangers!  Nobody wants that in a horror movie! (it was a horror  movie?)  Yeah, sure, other people just say ignore it.  Why?  The scenes are  stupid!  One minute I'm cheering Ash on as he slaughters demons, and the  next minute, I'm cringing in agony at the lame humour and corny dialogue.   If your going to make a comedy/horror film, MAKE IT FUNNY.  MAKE IT SCARY.   Don't throw a whole bunch of half baked garbage in there and say  &quot;okay, see if you can choke this down!&quot;<br />so keep that in mind.   I liked the plot, I liked the acting, I liked the action, I liked the ideas  it brought up, and I liked the tributes to H.P. Lovecraft, but I hated the  humour.  If your someone like me, thrive on the action, but keep your mute  or fast-forward button ready when things start getting stupid.  One big  spot to keep in mind is the graveyard scene.  Just fast forward that scene.   I almost turned it off when I saw that.
0553565915|1.0|An attempt to align afterlife experiences with religious/church dogma and personal belife.  Possible creation of immediate afterdeath experiences with already developed beliefs.  A disservice to other researchers in this  area.
006016848X|1.0|If this book is true, it is a miracle men &amp; women stay together long enough to perpetuate the race.<br />This book is repugnant and redundant.  Gray's view of most people's emotional lives is extremely shallow.  Because  I believe that there are all kinds of people in the world, I can believe  that there are a few people that it might help.  But I sure as HELL  wouldn't want to be one of those people, or be married to one of those  people!<br />Go read a real relationship book by someone who has an actual  clue, like John Gottman, Ph.D.
6305090564|5.0|DEEP RISING FX were so good and outstanding I couldn't believe my own eyes! I waz so scared when I saw this movie I had nightmares for a week.  If you think another movies fx were good come see this! I saw it in the  thearters and rented it and then bought it on amazon.com! I VERY MUCH  RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE!!!! 5 HUGE STARS!!
0141301074|5.0|Our book review is about a book called &quot;The Twits&quot; by Roald Dahl.  We think this book is appropriate for third and fourth graders.  Some 2nd graders and also some 5th graders might enjoy it.  We would say &quot;The Twits&quot; is a comedy, because it has really funny words  like 'gnash', 'gnozzle', 'batty', 'nutty', 'screwy' and 'wacky'!  In the  story this old, greasy, grimy, grumpy couple play very nasty tricks on each  other.  Some of us think they're even evil!  The tricks are hilarious, but  no one ever gets hurt or killed.  The story takes place in the Twit's  windowless house that looks like a prison.  It also takes place in Mrs.  Twit's ugly garden.  The garden is full of stinging nettles, thorns, and a  big, huge, dead tree.  The main characters are the Twits, a monkey  family, and the Roly-Poly Bird.  The main problem is the Twits are abusive  to each other and everyone else in the book, but in a funny way.  For  example, four boys get glued to the dead tree by their pants after Mr. Twit  puts glue on the tree to catch birds.    We would recommend this book  because Roald Dahl's sense of humor is so zany it made us want to read more  of his stories.
0385493800|2.0|This is one of the most disappointing Grisham novels I have read.  The idea of the Testament never really goes beyond the title.  The first lead character dies, and we learn something about him prior to his death.  We learn less from his will, but it leads us to another lead character, whose  life changes after rehab somehow make him the character we are supposed to  learn to care about.  No such luck.  And then onto the original lead's  daughter, who may represent a love interest for the second lead . . . but  no such luck.  The End.  What a silly way to spend so much prose about the  rain forest.  The background is the only interesting thing about novel, and  I had to use an Atlas to keep track of where the novel wanted me to travel.    For a long plane ride, maybe.  But don't stay up late hoping it will get  exciting, or have a climax.  It doesn't.  Shame on Grisham for getting the  usual hype associated with his novel, when the usual plot and character  development are missing.
6303481272|5.0|Ok, this is definetely one of the best animes out there. Yea, it may contain chronic rape, but, the fight seens ROCK! The plot is amazing and the animation is excellent. I have seen many animes in my time and this  ranks as one of the best.
0375751513|5.0|I think it's easy to read Dorian Grey and be superficially fixated on the notion that the book was just a facade for Wilde's homosexuality.But refrain from that state of mind and I think you will properly permeate Dorian Grey.I believe the book had several prevailing messages buried under  a slew of witty epigrams and paradoxial ideas and musings,which  consequently served as a spur for his role as a dramatist.I hope that  anyone who reads Dorian Grey will avoid making the mistake of reading It as  a referance to early homosexual conduct(And let's face it,that topic has  become so banal in recent years)but as a semi-iconoclastic landmark piece  of literature.
B00000HYTW|1.0|This CD is a Japanese import with NO extra tracks, it was originally listed as having extra tracks but Amazon has since changed the listing after I brought it to their attention. I returned it and bought a non-import for a lot less money. I have bought many Japanese imports and most have extra tracks because the prices for cd's are higher in Japan. The other reviewer who says that there is an extra track after Pay The Man is incorrect, that is a hidden track and it's on the lower-priced American release so save your money and buy it instead.
B000002L9J|5.0|This was,in my subjective opinion,the Smiths strongest opus.It was also consequently their most emotionally,musically and lyrically climatic effort.The title track being my favorite here,one of their many soaring  tunes.
B00000IFWE|5.0|The sound of the Heartbreaker's is that of how it was back in the Damn the Torpedoes peroid...pure rock! Petty's lyrics are reflective and introsepctive; more mature than earlier albums.  The sound is unmistakable;  pure Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers who have fine-tuned their music to  reach a new generation of fans.
0375707972|4.0|The hurt that Schlink inadvertenly puts on his readers. Or maybe he purposefully made you remember those people, lovers and friends, who you found reasons to avoid or just fail to call or write or in this case,  visit.  I found the premise plausible. Where else could she turn to love  and what an education he received...in love and leaving.I will suggest it  to our book club.
B00000DHZJ|4.0|These songs are all terrific, I must say, but condensing The Jimi Hendrix Experience's body of work into one CD is not an easy thing to do. Many of the Hendrix 'must-haves' are here from Purple Haze to All Along The  Watchtower. But I regret to see that Voodoo Chile, the 15-minute blues  masterpiece, has been left out. Voodoo Chile is one of Hendrix's very best  studio cuts, even better than the more well-known Voodoo Child (Slight  Return). Still if you want just a taste of Hendrix, this CD would be ideal.  But once you have a taste, you'll want a full meal.
B000002LIM|5.0|...That Danny Elfman thought of the opening for this score while listening to the engines on a plane he was in during take off.  The sweeping darkness of this score is wonderfully disturbing.  I consider Elfman to be the most  creative, musically brilliant man alive, and this score provides a very  convincing amount of evidence to support my theory.  Elfman's music  provides a feeling that cannot be had when listening to anything else.   Dark and macabre yet full of action, the score to Batman is something I  will be listening to for many, many years.
0679735909|5.0|This book was published in 1990, and almost a decade later it remains my favorite book of the 1990s.  Sumptuous, complex, multi-layered and multi-textured, &quot;Possession,&quot; is also humorous, tragic, and  deeply romantic all at once.  Its title is perfect; among other things it  is a meditation on the many meaning of this word -- on the human need to be  possessed by an intellectual passion or a by physical one, on our desire to  possess those we love, and on our paradoxical need to remain  self-possessed.  Lyrical, imaginative and haunting, this is the rare book  that, for all the richness of its language, has an equally rich and  satisfying story plot.
6300183211|5.0|Who put this thing together?me? me?not you!!! come out and say hello to my little friend!!
0783228317|5.0|its a bat-county ha ha ha!!!! you must see it!!!
6305268835|5.0|I think that it could be one of the most funniest movie I will see all year and that I think that you should get it or rent it.
078401213X|5.0|When I first heard about the movie, it was desribed to me as similar to Eraserhead and Taxi Driver.  When I read a plot summary, I had a hard time imagining de Niro with a deformed baby worrying about math problems.  I  have to say, though, that this film is a triumph on most levels, from the  visceral direction to the subtle imagery to the soundtrack.  So what if the  math is sketchy--I was sucked in to the mind of the number theorist and his  search for god.
0684867621|3.0|I must say that I was a little dissapointed by this last piece.  The description was terrific, but the dialog was lacking.  I don't know many kids who speak like she does!  All in all, not a bad one (it is written by  the Master himself, what more can you say?), but I would have to put this  on the low end of the &quot;to buy&quot; list.
0804106304|5.0|I really loved this book!  I read it in almost one day, it was just captivating.  The descriptions and characters were great and the stories were funny and thought-provoking.  I think that this book says a lot about  mother-daughter relationships of any race.  I did a term paper on it so I  had to read it twice and research it, and I came away loving it even more.   The one negative thing I will say about it is that it seems like a book  that only girls would like because it is about feelings and relationships,  and there isn't a lot of action.
0790705141|5.0|I challenge anyone to watch this film alone at night. The images (Grady girls, closeup of Danny's face in a silent scream) will set themselves in your mind forever. Nothing really violent here, just the steady  presentation of one frightening image after another, until a nerve-wrecking  conclusion. This film keeps you thinking desperately..&quot;Oh God, what's  going to happen next?&quot;
630534731X|4.0|Okay, so the acting is a little cheesy but the visuals are stunning and MY GOD does Disney need to release this soundtrack!  The music is awesome.
B000002L5I|5.0|I think that KWS' &quot;Trouble Is...&quot; is one of (if not the) greatest albums of the year.I was beginning to think that 90's music had given way to lightweight songs and talentless teen idols, but this album is  different. The heavy blues beat behind all the songs gives it attitude, and  the lyrics will draw you in. If you like the blues, you should try this  album. Even if you don't, give it a try--you may be pleasantly surprised.
1881273156|5.0|I feel this book should be given to every couple, especially before they get married!!!!!  I listened to the audio tapes and immediately went home to tell my husband all about it.  He usually says &quot;oh no not another  book!!'&quot; But we talked about it and I had guessed what his love  language was and I was wrong!!!! Boy I would have cleaned the house and  made the bed for nothing!!!!  anyway, I know it will help us and I feel bad  because I can think of so many couples I know who are divorced now and  really could have been spared if only they understood what I do now!!!  In  the middle of the tapes I started to think &quot;I'll bet this would work  for my children too&quot;  And sure enough Gary touched on that!!!!  i  can't say enough about this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just Buy the Book!!!!!! Oprah  should really have this one on here show soon!!!!!
B00000IFWE|4.0|Get out the electric guitars, open the beers, there's a new Heartbreakers album.  What Petty does isn't particularly trendy or new, but it's just so damn satisfying.  He lures you into turning your stereo up with a quiet opening to &quot;Room at the Top&quot;, only to blast you back in your  chair with a dose of Mike Campbell's power guitar after the first verse.  He's doing what he's been doing for years and it hits the spot. Like  musical comfort food.  There are some great rockers, a few more  introspective numbers, the usual mix of delights that make up most Petty  albums. It always amazes me how he can get so much out of such simple  ingredients. Thank God for Tom Petty, I hope he keeps making music for a  long, long time.
6305265488|5.0|You have to see this picture,she is so good.                                             P.S                     It is the best moive i have ever seen! : )
0684843749|5.0|The book covers diet, exercises, history, etc. of bodybuilding.  All the information is accurate and well researched.
6303149200|3.0|This is quite a brave movie in many respects as it deals with taboo subjects in quite a matter of fact way. It is certainly not a horror movie in the traditional sense but is quite disturbing. I'd advise anyone to  watch it but more out of curiosity than entertainment value. Generally I  found the production quite amateurish. In particular the pacing of the  movie is pretty terrible. The whole thing has the feel of a student  production made with home cine equipment. However it is very haunting and  there are a number of scenes that are so surreal that they seem impossible  to forget. The mother breastfeeding in the graveyard and the Mayday  procession for example. A number of people have applauded the soundtrack  but I can't imagine why. To be fair the tracks are suitably  &quot;earthy&quot; and reflect the pagan/folk subject matter of the movie  but they rarely seem to suit the visual mood of the scenes in my opinion,  very period though. Definitely watch it but have a bottle of wine to hand  and lodge your toung firmly in your cheek.
6305079811|4.0|Silly, imaginative, original, over the top and utterly late '70s/ early '80s camp - with a Queen soundtrack - how ironic! This movie is a  wonderful ascape! It is wonderfully nostalgic for those who grw up in the  '70s and '80s! Let's not also forget that it's a pretty well made film with  very good FX - a must for any true sci-fi fan!
0394492196|5.0|The only thing that you need to know about this book is that you have know idea what the key to the story is unil the last three pages.  Until then you will be riveted to the paper and not be able to put it down.  I have  read my copy countless times.  I still find something new.  In addition,  the BBC's 1970's adaptation of the novel is one of the most aoustanding  pieces of television drama I have ever seen. I wish PBS would show it!!
0440224764|4.0|I totally enjoyed this book until I got to the ending. Maybe, I just a  love sick puppy but I was disappointed in the ending. I always love John Grisham books.
B00000IFWE|5.0|No matter how big a Petty fan you are this Album will blow you away.  It is just great and there is no other word for it.  You hear many different influences in this album, from the Beatle-esque Lonsome Sundown to the Byrdian This Ones For Me, he somehow takes those ideas, core rock values  and transforms them into songs that are nothing short of perfect!
B000002UAU|5.0|THE ALBUM OF THE CENTURY.Although you can make a case for ABBEY ROAD,there is no question that SGT.PEPPER has had the most influence on the music industry than any other album in history.It's a no-brainer that THE BEATLES are the entertainers of the century.Sorry Elvis.
038097617X|5.0|What a unique writing style.  I have never read a novel where the narrator actually &quot;talks&quot; to the reader, as if she was telling me, and only me, a story.  I really enjoyed the &quot;conversation&quot; I had with  Claire.  And the ending was exactly the way I hoped it would be.  After  having a nice slice of WATERMELON I feel very full and satisfied.  Now I am  ready for a nap.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album impressed me at first, so I bought it.  Then it scared me, but I kept listening.  It wooed me in, now I love every track and the album as a whole.  As a matter of fact, I don't like to listen to any of the songs by themselves.  I don't like them without their surrounding songs.  When I  listen to it, it's all the way through.  It stands as a whole.  I feel  guilty when I turn it off in the middle.  The line &quot;I hope that you  choke&quot; haunts me.  &quot;Exit Music&quot; was my personal anthem this  past summer.  &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; is amazing.  I hate critics.
B000007OY0|5.0|Perhaps the best drama ever made. This film is moving, gripping and equally reviting. Robbed in the Oscars, it is by far a movie that should be in everyone's collection.
0393316041|5.0|This has got to be my all time favorite book that even resembles a biography.  It's nothing but fun the whole way through!  Look, if 30+ people can read a book and they all give it 5 stars, it's got to have  something going for it!  Welcome to the half-nutz world of a physicist...
0684867621|3.0|The book is a 'must read' for Stephen King fans, simply because that's what makes them fans -- they absorb it all no matter what!  Nothing new here though folks, the standard 'SK format' minus true demonic entities  (instead we got the boogey man).  King also seems to think that African  Americans aren't fans (ergo, the 'Sambo' analogies).  I've been a King  junkie since his beginning (plunking down my bucks on the hardbacks only)  and he won me over as a fan with the 'Stand', where 'Good' was personified  via a little old black woman.  Move on Stephen, evolve, not regress!
B000002U82|3.0|What's up with that screaming lady? She sure has a powerful voice, and it might have been a good idea to use her briefly once, but she keeps turning up over and over, and after a while her caterwauling drives me nuts.
B000001F26|5.0|This is one of the most lively cds I have ever had.The songs in it are like gems. The best thing about clapton is that he is a perfectionist, he borrows raw songs from friends like J J Cale(After Midnight, Cocaie) and polishes them and make them perfect for the listener. Not only that he is  good at improving other people's songs, but he is also the master of  writing wonderful songs( Layla, Wonderful Tonight, Lay Down Sally) that are  real music to one's ears. All the songs in this compilation are lively and  ever green for those who know what the music really is.
079213690X|5.0|This is the most historically accurate film about scottish history.  I was shocked to find every detail to be exact and precise.  The amount of time and effort put into historical fact by Mel Gibson and everyone else that  worked on the film is extraordinary!  They should study this film in  history because it is the gospel truth!  Anyone who says other wise is a  liar.
B00000IFWE|3.0|The new cd by Tom Petty And The Heartbreakers is just as good as any of their previous cds.  The sound is the same, Tom's voice is sounding great.  Although the cd is pretty much the same as their previous cds, I think a  couple of their previous cds are a tad bit better.  Still not a bad  investment for a fan to pay.
0140042520|5.0|ever since i've read this book 2 yrs. ago i havn't found a single book that could even match it! 5 stars?? that's to little to rate the dharma bums, i'd give as high as numbers can go!!!!! it's the perfect book, mixing  zen, han shan, sex, poetry, mountain climbing, and everytthing else that  rox!!  GET THIS BOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00000263T|4.0|Wolf Hoffman outdid himself on this one.  Unbelievable tone that stands out on every track.  It's the guitar sound I'm still searching for.  If you can put up with Udo's singing definitely add this one to your Accept  collection.
B000001ABD|5.0|This has virtually every Stevie track that can be considered a classic. All are true testaments to how talented and innovative he is. It's a shame For Once In My Life and Isn't She Lovely are ommitted, but the package does a great justice through its inclusion of &quot;Overjoyed&quot;. This is in  my opinion Stevie's best song and one of most wonderful songs ever  recorded. I'm a bit biased, since it reminds me of my first love(it was OUR  song), but it's truly a masterpiece. It's a shame you never hear it all  that much on the radio.
1573226521|4.0|One og my reasons for reading this book is as a assistant professor in Tourism &amp; Hotel Management.Espesially if you are into the issues of backpacking and eco tourism. His writing style with jumps in time and place  keeps you on your toes. This could acctually have happened. I am also  thinking of possibly have this book as required reading in my class. I dont  know if I want to see the movie as this, I have heard, is made with and  american hero. Well the film and the book will be two different things. I  have just started on hgis next book, and I hope that it is as good.
0375707972|5.0|This book combines several elements that, by themselves, would have made interesting stories.  Put together in this one tale, I found it one of the most thought-provoking books I've read in a long time.  <br />The author's  recognition of the fact that our first sexual encounters often shape our  impressions and expectations of future relationships is well-done but not  over-done. And, unlike many authors, Bernhard Schlink does not attempt to  explain the behavior of the world or necessarily even the behavior of the  most minor characters in the narrative.  The story haunts me even now that  I have finished the book.
B000009QPQ|5.0|If classic is defined as outstanding and significant in its field, then the Jayhawks' Tomorrow the Green Grass fits the bill.  There is just somrthing about them that is hard to describe.  I guess the most compelling thing is that they don't really fit a mold.  The Jayhawks' music spans many  genres all the while adding their own secret recipe. Every song on the  album is easy on the ears and wakes up the mind. A great American album!
B00000F1D3|5.0|Simply: Believe is the Best Record of the Year.  This Album is essential in a Pop/Dance/Techno collection.  Buy It!!!
6303477259|5.0|If Pink Floyd never tours again I will never forgive myself for not seeing them live. There are some musical greats (Dylan, SRV, Muddy) but they are mere individuals. They are easily eclipsed by the combined talent of Pink  Floyd. By far the greatest band ever assembled. I cannot imagine a show  that could top what this video presents! A must buy! I was crying at the  end of it it was so good. The only way this video could possibly be  improved is if they included more of their early works from Atom Heart  Mother, Saucer Full of Secrets, and More (an underrecognized album by the  way).
B00000IPGT|5.0|The Life of Brian will definately be a movie to own if you are a Monty Python fan.  This movie is one of the best parody's ever done on the story of Jesus.  From stonings and false prophets to gay Centurions and a  spaceship ride into space, this movie will have you laughing  uncontrollably.  Considering the source of the movie, and the style of  British Comedy's, this will be considered the Monty Python classic of the  Century.
0385493800|5.0|5 stars, in my reviw means in comparrison to Grishams other books. A very good storry, thrilling and entertaining. I agree with some others that this could possibly be a 5 part TV series, if they stick with the storry ogf the  book. A TV, series in the same making as the series Nobel House by James  Clavell. I do not have the knowledgeof the US.law system and this does not  matter that much, this is fiction. Grisham is back on track.
B000009QPO|4.0|Is it rock?  Folk?  Country?  Perhaps a hybrid of all these things and something more-something elusive, catchy, happy and sad all at the same time.  The Jayhawks' harmonies are unlike any I've heard.  Their haunting lyrics are set against upbeat melodies, bringing a curious dichotomy to  their sound. Hollywood Town Hall's two best songs are Waiting for the Sun  and Crowded in the Wings. This album gets 4 stars only because I also have  Tomorrow the Green Grass, and it's a definite 5 star album.
6301208773|5.0|This movie should be a classic.  Obviously, those who make the lists for the Cops and Robbers section and the action hero section have not seen this movie.  The action is intense!  A must have for any action fan.  In the  words of John McLane, &quot;Yippie Kie yay mother f$%^&amp;*!&quot;
0684874350|5.0|I received this book for Christmas and did not get around to reading it until this week, while on a plane. I am a guy in my 30's, and there was an event within the first hundred pages that got me so choked up that I had to  put the book down on my lap and look out the window so that people would  not see my eyes watering up.  I can't remember a book ever doing that to me  before. This story has many powerful and graphic descriptions of Frank  McCourt's childhood experiences.  Most of them are very sad, but McCourt  does not describe them from a whining, martyred perspective.  That's one of  the strong points to his writing style.  I recommend this book to all  adults because of the insight it provides into a life of intense poverty  that most of us have been lucky enough to escape.
B000002IOY|5.0|This is one of the first albums I started out with back in the good ol' days. Great head-banging punchy music. I love it! Recommended for you older guys who still appreciate this stuff.
0374172897|5.0|I suppose if I somehow thought of myself as being in the running for the Pulitzer, I might have found myself posting something as bitter and resentful as the previous reviewer.  Thankfully, I am not that person.  And  The Hours is not the book that person describes.  Never intended as a  substitute for Woolf, The Hours is an incredibly complex narrative  disguised as a simple one.  It communicates volumes on the nature of our  existance, of human longing, and of the role literature plays in our lives.
6301236947|5.0|Beginning with a cover that far surpasses the original of the Beatle's Helter Skelter, this film proves beyond all doubt that U2 is the most creative force in popular music today and has been for the past 20 years.  Comparisons  to the Beatles have been made-- 4 lads, the instrumentation,  etc--but these guys have lasted. Rattle and Hum documents an especially  successful American tour from 1988. The filmmaking is well done, the music  is fantastic, and the 4 boys look like they are in the prime of their life.  I'm glad I own this film. When Bono turns fifty, in another 11 years, I'll  be able to wistfully watch this and sigh over his perfection .
B000009RC2|5.0|Perhaps if I had to pull out one ACE card to out-do, out-blast, demoralize, open up a can of whoop-ass on whatEVER YOU just played, yes, it would be The Inner Mounting Flame. Words can't describe the rocket-fast  hammering barrage of John's impressario performance, outdoing his and all  other musical offerings. Is it Jazz? Is it Rock? It IS wild and  mezmerizing. It has metre and syncopation and signatures you could  PREVIOUSLY never have imagined. All you can do is hold your knees together  to catch the drool as you try to stay with McLaughlin's smoke. It sounds  like he's trying to hammer his way into another universe. His emotion and  earnest and preparation shine like a diamond in the most expressive music  without words you've ever heard. It's old, but if you haven't heard it  before, it's the newest of the new! I wish I was hearing it again for the  first time!! -where is it... AH! HERE! Listen to THIS!
0875428940|5.0|I bought this deck when I first started out--about 7 years ago.  What sold me on it to begin with was the artwork and the immagery contained on every card in the deck.  Now that she has a new book out on the deck--which will  be my next purchase...i fully intend to make use of this marvelous woman's  talent and gifts.  I also suggest her other book out &quot;When, If,  Why&quot; to anyone interested in furthering their knowledge in pagens and  what they are about.  BB to all!
6304613199|1.0|I'm suprised that Spielberg didn't make Jurassic Park 2 more scarier than the original. There was no plot. The acting was bad. If you want a scary, entertaining movie, get the first one.
B000002R67|5.0|Black is the colour of the album, the music, and if anybody can paint with music, it's demonstrated in Winds of Change. Arguably a theme album, the mood achieved by Burdon is that of solitude and experience. The economy and  holes of the music make more from less and art out of darkness. Great cuts  include the title cut Winds of Change, The Black plague, Hotel Hell, San  Franciscan Nights, and the beautiful Anything. Who would think that Eric's  copy of the Stone's 'Paint it Black' would be so riviting.  When I think of  Honky Tonk Women, I think of Mic, but when someone says Paint it Black...  well. If you've loved Eric on other albums when he said 'Bring it to me' or  'I'm Mad!' or if you appreciated Love Is... You'll have to have Winds of  Change. It's a classic. Glad to see it on CD!
B000002UUX|5.0|With the line-up in this album and the rest they can't go wrong.  Starting from Holy Wars to Tornado Of Souls is a non stop aura of great riffs, solos drumming and drum fills.  Holy Wars gets it started with a pump up sound and pretty much ends at Tornado.  Still a classic and won't be forgotten.   This is where the new sound began.
0375707972|4.0|This book at first seemed to simplistic for such a deep subject. However as I read I began to question myself...what if this was me...what would I have done.  I am not sure I have come up with the answers that I  &quot;assumed&quot; I would. Over all I enjoyed the book it was a very  quick read.
B00000BKDX|5.0|This cd is incredible! Buy it! Also, Bruce and Adrian ARE back!!!! Yes, it's true, as of January 1999!! Look up their web page and see for yourself.(Iron Maiden.com) Live After Death is a 'must have'! Up the Irons!
B000002UAF|5.0|Sorry, but you grow up in the wrong place. Of course, this is the original worldwide release. In 1964, Capitol issued the version you know just for the american market. Up to &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; they do this with every album released in the U.S. - mostly using artificially stereo mixes  reproduced from the original mono mixes. So come on - try the original  European (British) releases for the true story, and despite your memories,  you will love this more. Believe me, I'm a fan since the beginning in 1962,  nearly 2 years before The Beatles conquer America.<br />Of course, you can  find more information on this subject in the web.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|I agree, the guy from Raleigh,NC should give this cd another try. Closely listen to every song; the musicianship is incomparable. Flawless! I'll bet you'll be amazed. &quot;Infinite Dreams&quot; is awesome! Up the Irons!! Bruce and Adrian are back with Maiden; yeahhhhhhh!!!!!
0783233477|5.0|Meet Joe Black has been one of the most enjoyable movies a have seen in years. Though it was somewhat of a box office failure  (possibly due to its 3 hour lenght and the wavering status of Brad Pitt),  it has a way of  bringing you into the movie and evoking all your deep and maybe forgotten  emotions. This is a movie for a variety of age groups,a movie for anyone  with a pure heart and a creative imagination. Yes, you will cry, you will  laugh, you will hope and in the end you will feel free and rewarded. As I  had stated earlier, the movie is 3 hours( like Titanic)long, however, you  will never really notice the time going by. Hopkins and Pitt should get  Oscar's for their performances. Finally, remember that not all movies do  well at the box office. Some have a way of slipping by. This is one such  movie. Try it, I am sure that you won't be disapointed.
B00000163G|5.0|This had to be 2pac's greatest cd in his life. If you buy this cd you won't regret it,you will be palying this cd every single day until you die.R.I.P 2Pac,you will live forever!
B000002O5L|5.0|If you could only get one Tom Petty album, get this one.  Tom and his friends sing great songs like, I won't Back Down and Yer So Bad.  A friend from school gave me a copy which I still play often.  Now if only somebody would start re-making the Traveling Wilbury's Albums.
B00000ILDE|5.0|One of the rare examples of a sequel being better than the original.  This was one of James Cameron's early opportunities to prove that he is a brilliant filmmaker.  This movie is as suspensful as it gets.  Though the  special effects were incredible by 1986 standards, the real feat of Aliens  is that the human characters are believable and full of humanity (well most  of them.)  The scenes cut for theatrical release are not just dead time.   Seeing the theatrical cut of Aliens after seeing the uncut 156 min version  made me see the holes in it and just leaves me unsatisfied.  I am thrilled  that the &quot;real&quot; version will be released on DVD.
B000002KHF|5.0|this is one of Morrison's best albums...he lets everyone join in &quot;the mystic.&quot;  Really keeps the momentum going from the timeless &quot;Astral Weeks.&quot;
B00000ILDF|3.0|Alien 3 is the weak link in one of the most amazing series of films ever.  After James Cameron went to all the trouble of having Newt and Hicks narrowly cheat death in Aliens, why must they die in the opening minutes of  the next film?  It somehow lessens the experience of Aliens to watch it  knowing what happens next.  A3 lacks the heart pounding suspense of its  predecesors and ultimately leaves the viewer with a dissapointed and  drained feeling.  On the plus side the imagary is great and as in each of  the Alien movies the director (in this case David Fincher) succeeds in  taking the series in a fresh and interesting direction.
6305064679|5.0|I HAVE SEEN THIS PICTURE NEARLY TWENTY TIMES AND NEVER TIRE OF IT.  IT IS HILARIOUS, TENDER IN SOME SPOTS.  THE PART WHERE THEY ARE IN LINE AND DONNA SUMMER'S &quot;HOT LOVE&quot; COMES ON IS PRICELESS.  THE ACTORS ARE ALL  OUTSTANDING.
079073639X|4.0|First off I would like to say,  the first time I watched this movie I hated it.  I thought the ending was cheesy and the cast of actors brought in on this movie was  wasted.  That was the first time around.  The second  time I started realizing just how good the plot was to this movie.  An  American spaceship from three hundred years in the future is found on our  ocean floor in 1999.  What a concept.  That alone could make for a good  story.  But it gets better.  Upon gathering a team of four scientist,    they descend some 1000 feet to this ship and when its opened the secret the  ship has with it is something that could be mankinds greatest discovery.   They find a shimmering gold sphere.  The power inside the sphere will grant  that person the chance to let his or her thoughts become reality. Three of  the four scientists that go down go into the sphere and being three highly  educated people,  they would make the best use of this gift, one would  think anyway.  Sadly they dont. All their worst fears come out and destroys  and kills everything around them.  After making it back to the surface and  destroying pretty much everything they use their new found power to....well  you'll have to see the movie to see what happens.  You might not like it at  first but after thinking about the ending you'll realize that it was a good  way to end this movie.  The acting was also really well done.  The  character that Samuel L.  Jackson plays is probably one of the best he's  ever played.  Dustin Hoffman gives a good performance,  as usual.  Sharon  Stone was good,  but I would soon see her in Basic Instinct.  The only bad  casting part was Queen Latifah.  She can not act.  She should stick to  rapping.  All in all this is a good movie that you might have to give two  or three showings to really enjoy.
B000002L7J|4.0|This is usually considered the Smiths' weakest album.  It is, but not by much.  What makes this the weakest is not the music, but rather Morrissey.  &quot;How Soon Is Now&quot; was not on the original British edition, so I  won't bother with it here.  Instead I'll just say that &quot;Nowhere  Fast&quot; is great snide lyrical masterpiece, &quot;Well I Wonder&quot; is  soothing despite the dreary lyrics, and &quot;Barbarism Begins At  Home&quot; is fantastic even counting the lyrics.  However, the lyrics to  many of the songs, even the great ones seem too direct, and lose the poetic  feel of the debut album.  This is almost like the Smiths own version of  TIMES THEY ARE-A-CHANGIN', with the social issues tackled.  Also, on songs  like &quot;Rusholme Ruffians&quot; he seems to be in a little songwriting  drought, with the repetition of verses and lines.  Still, with all the  criticism, this album still is better than anything by Celine Dion, or  something.
B00000IFWE|1.0|What a sad, mixed up, melancholy recording! Where are the rebellious rockers from the past that were advertised? I can't believe I waited for the store to open to be the first to buy this.  As a TP&amp;H fan since the 70's I have learned that a lot of their songs must &quot;grow&quot; on you.  I assure you that none of these will because I'm not even going to put this  in the CD rack for fear someone might accidentally play it. Whatever Tom's  influences were for these songs I hope he gets over it soon. One bad CD  does not a career make and I'll continue to be a Petty fan forever but this  effort is such a disappointment. If anyone is thinking about buying this  work PLEASE try to listen to it first. You may think it is Tom's greatest  piece of work or you may think it's a piece of ----.
B000002MIF|3.0|When this album came out in 1984, it served a great purchase.  It collected the bands non-lp singles, b-sides, and BBC cuts.  However, with the emergence of SINGLES, WORLD WON'T LISTEN, and especially LOUDER THAN  BOMBS, its use is limited to the true fans.  This is because all of the  singles, and b-sides can be found on the above collections, so your left  with the BBC cuts.  Now, &quot;These Things Take Time&quot;, &quot;Reel  Around the Fountain&quot; and &quot;You've Got Everything Now&quot; are  excellent in BBC form, but still pale to the originals.  The rest of the  cuts, including the otherwise unavailable &quot;Accept Yourself&quot; and  Handsome Devil&quot; are rather weak.  It pains me being a fan to put this  album's score this low (as it was my first Smiths cd), but is necessary.
B0000031P7|5.0|I am amazed that nobody has reviewed this album before now.<br />&quot;Belonging&quot; is an interesting record; the first serious commercial blossoming of Nordic jazz. Ironically the name on the cover is  that of an American, but this album belongs as much to Garbareck as it does  to Jarrett, his solos are exemplary - moving and exciting. <br />Having said  that, here are some of Jarrett's most complete compositions. It is probably  the finest studio recording under his name.
1878424319|5.0|This is a powerful, succinct, clear little book.  If you are interested in changing the way you act, react, and dream your life, this book can open huge doors for you.  It is deceptively simple.  The truths made evident by  Don Miguel are so true, you could almost miss them if you weren't paying  attention.  And, if you actually act on what this book proposes, there will  be change in your life.  I have seen it so many times now, given this books  to so many people, read it myself, and watched it work it's magic.  I  highly suggest you give it a try.
006016848X|5.0|Incredibly concise and almost scary in that it told me things about myself that I already knew inside, but was afraid to talk about out loud.  I'd recommend this book for anyone who's considering a relationship, is in a  relationship, or is losing touch with their significant other.
B000002OX7|5.0|Every song is great expecially won't get fooled again and bargain.I highly recomend this who cd.
0553260111|5.0|I fell in love with Jason Bourne.  Ludlum makes you feel for this man.  He may be an assassin but you want to be the woman who helps him find out his past.  I couldn't stop reading it until I reached the end.<br />For those of  you who haven't read it yet, it is a MUST.
B0000039LE|5.0|There was no justice for Tony Moran and Will Sandin. They were the actors who starred as Michael Myers in the original Hallowe'en. They did a wonderful job as they played the part of the mute killer. Both Patty Duke  (Miracle Worker) and Jane Wyman (Johnny Belinda) received Oscars for their  portrayal of non speaking leads in memorable films. These two do it and  nobody remembers. This movie introduced Jamie Lee Curtis, America's  favorite actor slash slashee. A really good scary movie for anyone over the  age of 40 or under the age of 41. Donald Pleasance can say  &quot;EEEVEEEL&quot; as well as Vincent Price did in his heyday (Fall of  the House of Usher, Pit and the Pendulum). Other scary items for  Hallowe'en, &quot;The Innocents&quot; with Deborah Kerr and &quot;Ghost  Gallery&quot; CD in the music section. One other item of interest in  Hallowe'en, the credits for stuntwork is singular. Only one stunt person  took all the tumbles. A real treat.
B000006045|5.0|SLOW AND MELLOW - GREAT FOR WHEN YOUR FEELING ROMANTIC - GLAD I FOUND THIS CD
B000002G9S|5.0|By the time you listen to this album a couple of times, you will forget that &quot;All Right Now&quot; is on it too!  The songwriting is &quot;OK&quot; but you have to hear a young Paul Rodgers belt it out.  He's  the best.  Kossoff's guitar work is also great.  He get's fabulous tone.   Buy this one today.
0316152196|5.0|Mr. Connelly continues with his unbroken string of compelling mysteries with his latest, Angel's Flight.  As Harry Bosch deals with both professional and personal demons, Los Angeles is ready to explode because  of the murder of the Police Department's most visible critic.  Beautifully  written and plotted, we are treated to a surprise villain who truly gets  what they deserve in the end.  Read this and all of Connelly's other books.   You won't be disappointed.
B000002MG1|5.0|From the Best rock band of this decade comes one of the best rock albums ever. From the ever-so-mournful 'Everybody Hurts' to the ingenious guitar of 'Man on the Moon' this album needs not go to any length to proove just how fantastic REM really are.  Juice magazine placed this album as one of  the top ten of the decade, among the likes of Beck, Nirvana, Radiohead and  Bjork and they definatly deserved it.<br />Just buy this album to find out  why.
0684823454|5.0|I interrupted my reading of Manchester's biography of Churchill in order to read this one, hoping to gain a richer understanding of the man.  I was not disappointed!  It is easy to see why Churchill won the Pulitzer prize  for writing.  He is indeed a master.  The book itself is just plain fun and  good reading.  But the best part is that you get a real flavor for the true  personality of the man himself.  He has the ability to make even the very  dullest facts interesting,and even adventuresome; whether he is describing  a polo match or one of him many &quot;close calls&quot; in war.  His  amazing writing abilities and style are like a refreshing drink of water  compared to many of today's authors.
6304259093|5.0|I have seen this movie-and I personally think that it was very good. I was never really dissapointed at any time during the movie. I really don't think that Vincent Perez's character was anything like Brandon's. I saw the  original,and also thought it was very good. I think that Vincent did an  excellent job,and he should be commended for it. I have purchased both CROW  1 and 2,and it think that it was money well spent. I am a very big CROW  fan,and I think that the stories for both movies were very imaginative and  creative. It could not have been very easy for Vincent to accept this role  knowing what the outcome of the first one was. I admire him for his courage  and also for the incredible talent that he constantly displayed throughout  this movie. Mia Kirshner did an exceptional job creating her role as  Sara,and the other actors did very well with their roles. I don't think  that it is fair that this European Actor should be labeled as  a&quot;Brandon Lee wannabe&quot; that simply is not the case. Vincent and  Brandon are 2 different men,and although both Actors and being extremely  talented, that is the only thing they really have in common. It is really  sad what happened to Brandon-and I miss not seeing him. But-Vincent is not  Brandon's replacement,and I honestly do not believe that he even considered  that as an option when he decided to play the role of &quot;Ashe  Corven&quot;.  The story is nothing like the first one-and there aren't  even any characters that are alike. I really felt for Ashe and Danny,my  heart went out to them. A young, single father raising his son,and making a  living for himself and his son,what is wrong with that? the two of them are  spending time together one night, Ashe working on his bike,and Danny laying  on the floor painting a picture-that is something you really don't see  everyday. Once Danny hears the sound of a gunshot,he gets up and runs out  the door. Ashe goes after his son only to realize that Danny has seen  something that was not very pleasant,by then it's already too late.  Ashe  had every right to be angry and do the things he did when he came back. He  was just showing the emotions of a young man who had not only lost his  life,but he lost another precious thing-his son. What parent would not want  to get revenge on the person(s) who are responsible for murdering their  child,and right in front of them. Ashe loved his son,he was everything to  him-and Danny loved his dad-you could see the special bond between them in  this movie. All they had was each other,and that was not really so bad.  This movie was excellent!!!
B000002P86|5.0|They use to ask the question which CDs would ya want if you were stuck on a desert island. Deuces Wild would definitely would be one of them. Van Morrison If You Love Me is great balance between BB &amp; Van. The Trill Is  Gone but it is just starting with Tracy Chapman &amp; BB. Bonnie Raitt  &amp; BB ya gotta feel it. Rolling Stones &amp; BB. Yes there all hear  &amp; more. Coffessin the Blues with Marty Stuart I can play over &amp;  over. The only way to improve this Deuces Wild CD is get rid of cut 11 rap.  G Hanes from Blue Wave Radio Show KECG 88.1 / 97.7 in the East Bay CA on  Sat mornings 7 to 9 am when it's really Blue out. Also played on Single's  Cafe Sun 5 to 6 PM.
B000000WFU|5.0|I bought this CD after hearing the track &quot;Adiemus&quot; on Pure Moods and boy did I discover a treat!  I don't think a week has gone by that I haven't listened to this CD at least twice!  Thank you Karl for this masterpiece!!
6305126062|5.0|I have read the book 2 times and watched the movie 4 times. It is one of my favorite movies of all times.  It has such a powerful message of helping those less fortunate than others.  It is a message of making someones dream  come true, where as they thought the dream had been shattered forever.  I  REALLY ENJOYED THE MOVIE!  I think Redford did a terrific job &amp; that he  needs to do more like this!
B000002BUY|5.0|My personal favorites would include the Deftones, Pitchshifter, 311, Helmet, and Korn.  After listening to this CD I would definetly rank Incubus up there in this group of phat bands.  The best thing about them is that they rock hard but they mix it up funky bass lines, tight deck work,  and random samples.  Two thumbs up for me...
0385493800|4.0|Welcome back Mr. Grisham.  I have read all your books and have been waiting for you to recapture the freshness and originality of &quot;A Time To Kill&quot; and &quot;The Firm.&quot;  If someone is looking for a light,  entertaining read, this book will fit the bill!
0385486804|2.0|Christopher McCandless.  Yes, I think his actions were foolish and reckless.  Yes, he tried to live his dreams, but he could do so for only short periods, before he had to return to the life he liked to complain  about.  Yes, I would not have the courage to walk off into the Alaskan  &quot;wilderness&quot; with a bag of rice.  If one used this as one  definition of &quot;courage&quot;, it would have to be cross-referenced to  &quot;stupidity&quot;.  <br />Jon Krakower has glorified this kid by featuring  him in a book.  Well-written, but in the end a waste of time.<br />McCandless  did not live long enough to achieve anything near his goals.  This kid  lived off the kindness of many people including his parents.  When those  people weren't around, he died.  Basically un-impressive.  One can only  feel sadness for all the people he left behind.
B00000I8UD|4.0|This cd softly crept up on me. I've loved Sylvian since early Japan days and I hear more Japan in this work than others since Gone to Earth. All songs are lush and oddly balanced.My favourite is &quot;Alphabet City&quot;  and 2nd up &quot;Midnight Sun&quot;. The photography is gorgeous and the  use of Shree Maa's sweet spirit is such a perfect addition for these days  of dark Earth changes. I am in even more adoration of this moody man for  including the beautiful photo of he and his wife Ingrid.
B000002568|5.0|If ever you were looking for a blinding example of how the bass should be played, for me, this is it! More than enough technical virtuosity to keep students of the bass busy for years, with sufficient subtlety of composition to display Jaco as a true master of his craft. As a bass  player, I could never view my instrument the same way after hearing this.
0780622553|5.0|At first I was skeptical about this movie; not even having heard of it (because of the Titanic hoopla) but recently had a chance to see it on DVD. This film is a masterpiece of story, mind-warping fx and background  history. A must see if you like &quot;finding your identity&quot; films  that have a fantasy-like atmosphere to lose yourself in.
044022425X|5.0|Lo que ms nos ha gustado de este libro es el establecimiento de un perfecto vinculo con las historias anteriores de la serie y adems igual que en ellas hay que destacar el estilo de su  prosa y el impacto  sensacional que produce la descripcin de las escenas. Los personajes  llegan a convertirse en parte de la familia.
6304342586|4.0|I'm surprised at negative reviews of Towering Inferno.  Combining superb special effects with a great cast and a strong script, the film succeeds very nicely in telling its story.  If you've ever seen the TV show  Thunderbirds, you'll enjoy this film, a Thunderbirds episode (City Of Fire)  minus International Rescue.<br />There are quite a few subplots - involving  characters portrayed by Fred Astaire, Robert Wagner, and others -  but the  basic story flows very well.  Paul Newman plays Doug Roberts, chief  architect for Duncan Enterprises.  William Holden is Jim &quot;Dunk&quot;  Duncan, the conglomerate's president.  Their biggest project is The Glass  Tower, the world's tallest skyscrapper, scheduled for a glittering  dedication ceremony.  But things begin to go wrong when a backup power  generator shorts out - unknown to anyone, the resulting surge blows a fuse  terminal that sets material in a storage compartment alight.  <br />Roberts  recognizes that Roger Simmons (played with smarmy perfection by Richard  Chamberlin), DE's chief electrical engineer and Duncan's son-in-law, did  not live up to safe building codes in installing the wiring, and he and  Will Giddings (Norman Burton) must check the entire building to find  further electrical shorts.  But the dedication ceremony goes on as  scheduled, and when every light in the building is turned on, it helps  spread the fire, until Giddings himself is hit full force by the  blaze.<br />Enter fire battalion chief Mike O'Halloran (Steve McQueen) and his  department.  Though he clashes with Roberts the two form a strong team, but  the fire erupts in floor after floor (beautifully done effects work by L.B.  Abbott) until most of the building is aflame.  And 300 people are trapped  in the Promenade Room on the top floor.<br />The film presently enjoys some  notoriety because of O.J. Simpson's role as chief of security - in one  presently-mocked scene he finds a cat in a room of the burning building and  gets it to safety.  The scene itself is good, and leads to a very chilling  final scene when the fire is finally vanquished.<br />Stirling Silliphant's  script weaves all of his characters through very well, for an enjoyable,  classic action drama.
044022425X|5.0|Lo que ms nos ha gustado de este libro es el perfecto vinculo que mantiene respecto a las historias anteriores de la serie y adems hay que destacar al igual que en ellas el perfecto estilo de la prosa y el impacto  sensacional que produce la descripcin de las escenas. Los personajes  llegan a convertirse en parte de la familia.
B000002BE9|5.0|If you love female vocalists, if you're stocked up on Joni Mitchell, Tori Amos, Natalie Merchant, Sarah McLaughlin, et al.... this is right up your musical alley.  The track &quot;Never is a promise&quot; is heartbreaking and poignant... Fiona Apple is a real ingenue... and at only 18!  Like  everyone else, I believe Fiona's attitude is lousy, but she has a real  talent that should not be overlooked!
0553269631|1.0|I don't understand how readers actually like this depressing, dark, dismal book.  I just couldn't finish it.  I got to page 90 and couldn't go back to it.  The first book ever, that I couldn't finish.  I didn't want to finish  it!!!! It bored me to tears.  I felt nothing for the characters.  I felt  nothing for the plot.  It's a waste of money and reading time.  I just feel  for all those HS kids who are required to read it for English class.  Avoid  it if you can!!!!  And try to reason with your English teacher....
B0000062GE|5.0|Where do i begin? From the word go stabbing westward's darkest days hits you like a punch in the face. It's the most amazing album i've ever heard. Chris Hall's vocals soar so high and grab your attention with such awesome  power it's hard to stop listening. I have'nt stopped listening to it for  five months since i bought it. The only bad thing i would have to say is  that the three songs in the middle to tend to drag on and break from the  rest of the songs. You Complete Me, Waking Up Beside Me and On Your Way  Down are some of the most emotional songs i've ever had the good fortune to  hear. I had to pay twicw as much for it because i live in the UK and they  are hard to get here but it was worth every penny. Buy it now.
0871137380|5.0|In light of what is happening in Kosovo, this  book gives you a perspective of the men who may  have to fight for the US once again.  And, unfortunately, you'll draw conclusions, that US leadership still hasn't  learned from mistakes in Mogadishu.  You will find the book immensely  moving not only because of the courage these men displayed, but because of  the character studies the author drew, and the insights given into foreign  environment and the differing values of its people.   Each one of us knows  someone who is similar to these men in personality and/or ability which  makes the story all the more impactful.  And, the book points out what the  Somalis referred to as &quot;US weaknesses&quot; e.g., the Somalis knew the  direction the American soldiers would head--toward the downed  helicopter--because they knew Americans would never leave behind their own  people.  Despite all our wonder-technology and weaponry, the bravery of our  soldiers, and the always ubiquitous US &quot;good intentions&quot;, each  time you put the book down, you'll ask yourself, why?
080011194X|4.0|I love this film. Not least because the acting is intensely brilliant. Love is good but out of her depth in some scenes (I'm a Hole fan and to be completely honest, I didn't think she was doing that much acting anyway),  Harrelson is scarily credible and moving as Larry - Althea's death scene is  heartbreaking - and Ed Norton is fantastic, as always, as Larry's lawyer (I  love this man and his performance is nicely understated so as not to  completely dominate the screen, to weight attention on the leads). I liked  the fact that although dealing with a porn king, the film was never  gratuitous and that the relationship between Larry and Althea (and Alan) is  always so believable. Most of all I loved its handling of the censorship  issues (something, we in Britain, don't seem to have grasped yet). Okay,  yes, its very patriotic but it makes up for it with some the best dialogue,  harrowing scenes, direction and acting ever commited to film. Go buy now.
0684867621|5.0|An excellent story written by the master story teller.  With Stephen King's stories the reader is transported to the world of the characters and this book was no different.  I wanted to make the book last, but I couldn't  help myself.  Reading this book made me feel like a person stranded in a  literary desert being given a drink of water.
B00000F1D3|4.0|THIS IS DEFINITELY DANCE MUSIC. I'M NOT ESPECIALLY A BIG CHER FAN, BUT HAVE GROWN UP LISTENING TO HER MUSIC AND ENJOY A GREAT DEAL OF IT, WITH OR WITHOUT YOU KNOW WHO. I DON'T BELIEVE, HOWEVER, THAT IF I OUT AND OUT DID  NOT LIKE CHER THAT I WOULD HAVE SPENT MY TIME LISTENING TO A CD JUST SO I  COULD TRASH IT. SOME OF YOU PEOPLE OBVIOUSLY LACK ANY SEMBLANCE OF A LIFE.  YOU'RE JUST MISERABLE AND WANT TO DRAG OTHERS DOWN IN YOUR MISERABLE  EXISTANCE. IF YOU NORMALLY LIKE CHER AND DID NOT LIKE THIS CD THEN YOU HAVE  THE RIGHT TO COMMENT. IF YOU'RE NOT A FAN OF SOMEONE YOU'D BE BETTER OF  &quot;ON THE PORCH, PICKIN' GOOBERS&quot;. IT'S MORE CONSTRUCTIVE!
0962344702|5.0|When you first open this book, you have to control yourself from shaking and your knees from buckling. Giger's biomechanical Aliens, have what I have come to love the most, from the greatest creator of art and  imagination, this force fed, silver spooned world, has ever seen. You won't  look at any other art the same, ever again. Welldone H.R. Giger!
0375707972|5.0|I found this book to be wonderful.  To me this was a love story.  He loved her dearly even though the age difference and all that did happen. I found it so interesting I was not able to put it down.  In the Oprah meeting,  abuse was mentioned, perhaps, but to me it did not come accross as such.   It was a love story in a very different way from the usual.  There was much  more of course to this story, it had lots of things for one to think about.   The time it took place, but even in todays time could very much  be.<br />Lourdes Perdomo  Lourdes_Perdomo@HOTMAIL.COM
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill is definetely the queen of Hip hop and Rap. If you like just one song on this CD, you'll love the rest. You must buy this CD !!! And you never get tired of listening to the CD over and over again !!!
0375707972|5.0|I have already written, I would like to know if this book is available in spanish.  Lourdes perdomo
0802130208|5.0|The voice this book is written in, the writers choice of words, the Pulp Fiction-esque intertwining of so many different lives, all make this book a great read.  The only irritating thing I found was the Quixote-esque way  that Ignatius keeps getting away with everything he attempts, and talks his  way out of every situation.  But read it, you'll love it.
0767812417|3.0|WHY is this solid musical adaptation more popular than DAVID LEAN'S masterful 1948 version???!! MARKETING, that's why!!! Well, forget the ad people!!!!! Alec Guinness's Fagin is more true-to-life; Robert Newton SO  much more terrifying as Bill Sikes; and Mark Lester is cute, but John  Howard Davies can ACT!!! Please see my review (and Amazon's) for the  Criterion DVD edition of &quot;Oliver Twist&quot; (1948)!! When you see  this under-publicized MASTERPIECE, every other movie will seem  ordinary!!!!!!!!!!
0684874350|5.0|A beautiful story of survival that makes the reader both cry and laugh out loud.  McCourt manages--somehow--to tell what is such a sad tale with almost no bitterness.  Reading his book is akin to a history lesson on the  character of the Irish people.   A deserved winner of the Pulitzer and  easily the best book I have read this year!
B000002GCT|5.0|This Cd I have been looking for a long time.I started liking Supertramp the summer of 79 when Breakfast in America came out. I was going to start High School that record help me in a time of my life that was changing.  After Breakfast I wanted all of there records.I was sad the day I heard  Roger Hodson was leaving the band.Famous last words was just that. His last  words to us the people who like there songs. the things he had to say that  were in his heart.I hope one day they will get back for one show and rock  out.
0844660736|4.0|This book was a part of our course for Cambridge.I  read it when I was fifteen, and I adored it.Now I'm twenty-five years old and am looking foward to reading this book again.Haapy READING!
B00000IBVC|4.0|Opera on DVD has come of age with the release of &quot;Turandot at the Forbidden City of Beijing.&quot;  This production by the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino, transferred from Florence Italy to the historically accurate  setting of the Forbidden City, tells the story of the deadly Ice Princess  Turandot and the Unknown Prince who solves her riddles to win her hand and  eventually her heart.  Thrice Oscar-nominated director Zhang Yimou has  filled his expansive venue with extras from the People's Liberation Army  and the Dance Academy of Beijing.  The flawless video transfer boasts vivid  colors that jump off the screen and clear sharp images that reveal the  smallest details even in the panoramic wide shots that showcase the scope  and grandeur of the presentation.  The performances are good - Barbara  Frittoli is a standout as Liu.  The Dolby Digital 2.0 audio transfer is as  good as can be expected given the sonic limitations of the original  production.  Overall, the orchestra conducted by Zubin Mehta fares somewhat  better than the singers, who were body miked for this open-air production.   Occasionally, some voices get lost in the mix.  Examples of this include  &quot;Ah, per l'ultima Volta,&quot; which combines all voices to bring the  first act to a close, in which the voice of Calaf must dominate, but  doesn't, and &quot;Fermo!  Che fai?&quot; with the voices of the three  Ministers of State too small for the occasion.  It is the extras included  in this disc that make this a DVD and/or opera enthusiast's dream: 16:9  anamorphic widescreen transfer; Synopsis and subtitles in English, French  Italian, German, Japanese and German; a PCM audio-only track identical to  the CD release of this production coupled with a slideshow of  behind-the-scene and production photos; and a 30-minute &quot;Making  of&quot; documentary in English or German with subititles in 4 other  languages.  In addition, this may well be the first mainstream DVD to make  extensive use of thealternate angle feature throughout the presentation,  providing wide-angle alternatives to close -up shots and vice versa, as  well as occasional views from the wings and behind the stage.  The presence  of alternate angles is appropriately signalled by the appearance of an   unobtrusive but noticeable full moon in the upper left corner.  Overall,  this disc is a welcome arrival for anyone who wants to take advantage of  all the features of DVD.
0783226160|5.0|This was a great movie. Believe it or not, my MOM suggested this movie to me. Out of all people, my MOTHER! Oh well. You should get the 20th anniversary edition. It's great.
630512065X|5.0|I thought this movie was very good.  Elaine does well as Grizzabella, and she has a great supporting cast.<br />This is a must have for those who can't afford to go see the thing on broadway or in theaters.
0671688782|5.0|See my book review of her book at:<br />[...]<br />John A. Speyrer, The Primal Psychotherapy Page
6304240554|5.0|No horror movie ever made can touch this one.  Unlike Night of the Living Dead, this belated sequel is quite funny in places, but it doesn't spare the viewer the jolts and the fear that its predecessor provided.<br />Probably  the most brilliant thing about this film is that you never know how to  react to the zombies.  One moment you're laughing at them, the next moment  you're feeling sorry for them, the next moment you're disgusted with them,  the next moment you're terrified by them, and the next moment you're  laughing at them again.<br />Great performances by no-name actors, a terrific  script and fantastic direction make this a unique experience.  I doubt that  any horror film will EVER top it.
6302719631|2.0|I am a big fan of period films, and of Jane Austin, so I was looking forward to seeing this movie.  It was disappointing.  While the acting is very good, the production is very poor.  What I objected to especially was  the music, which was completely wrong for the period, and made me feel as  though I was viewing a bad made-for-t.v. movie.  This is no &quot;Pride and  Prejudice&quot;.
076782444X|5.0|I have seen the movie seven times, I am moved every time I view it.  Vanessa and Chayanne are great in their performances.  The dance scenes are gorgeous and delightful.  The movie moves your heart and take you back to a  time when you wish you could move that way.  My hat off to the director for  their choice of actors and singers.  I was so moved by the music, I  purchased the album.
B000005S5N|5.0|A-ha's 'Take on Me' remains one of my favorite singles of the 80's. However, I unwittingly discovered this album on the heels of their debut album's success, and it has proven to be one of my most-listened to albums of all time. Each track is beautiful, making me always wonder why they  never got any air time on the radio. For a collection of uniquely arranged  tunes with great vocals and synthesized melodies, I highly recommend this.  In my top 5 albums of all time, for sure.
B00000I9MK|5.0|I'm glad to see that Tigermilk will finally be avabile for everyone now! Although I think their 2 other albums (If You're Feeling Sinister and The Boy With The Arab Strap) are better this is worth getting. Anything by  B&amp;S is worth getting including the E.P.'s. For thoese who dont know  about Tigermilk's Hisrtory I Shall tell. Tigermilk was B&amp;S first album  and it was Released by a College Program that releases an album every year  and They picked B&amp;S that year and only 1000 Vinyl copies were pressed.  So This is better then paying $150 for a vinyl copy or getting it on a  tape. My Fav. tracks are Expectations, Electronic Ewnaissance and We Rule  The school. GET THIS and All Belle &amp; Sebastian's other stuff!
0920668372|5.0|The first time I read this book, I couldn't finish because I started to cry.  When I saw the man rocking his mother, that did it!  I recommend getting this book to share with your whole family.
6301969251|4.0|It was a great movie, with a great list of actors, Max Von Sydow, Charleston Heston, to name a few. Some of it wasnt very biblical, and they could have put some special effects in and more miricles, but all in all it  was a very good movie, rent it first though before you buy. :) God Bless
0684867621|5.0|To the &quot;reviewer&quot; from Temple, Tx.  The word is AFFECTED ninny!  Not only that, you duplicated the review and hurt my eyes twice!  And to the other reader, if you don't like King, read something else!
0380973642|1.0|I could not find any story that made me think or remember why i should read this book. I think i laughed once . Maybe it was the &quot;Three Billy Goats Gruff&quot; rewrite that left my boredom temporarily. Do not read  this book if your expecting extreme or fascinating stories.
B00000DHRX|5.0|I've been a George Michael fan since FAITH, which was the coming of age bible, for me and my friends.  With Ladies and Gentlemen, George Michael seems to let a lot off his chest after a harrowing couple of years.  Today  George Michael takes a new focus...he often sheds his old images and  tackles untouched topics in his music.  The new single &quot;Outside&quot;  is one of the best dance releases of the year. With the exception of  &quot;Crazyman Dance,&quot; and &quot;Soul Free,&quot; which were  carelessly left off the album...this set shows the best and most popular of  his releases in the U.S..  His fans however, are starved for a GM  World/U.S. tour.  Let's cross our fingers that that happens sometime soon!
B00000IFWE|4.0|If being great is any indication of how great an album is, then this album is indeed great!  TP &amp; the H's rock once again.  I can't stop singing and humming Billy the Kid and Stand Accused of Love after owning the album  for only one day! Petty is the king and we are mere mortals that are  privileged to get a whiff of his stinkin' genius.
B0000025L8|4.0|This is a good set, overall, but it clearly showed the band's reach exceeding its grasp. Two-thirds of it are good and one third is a waste; the bad, thankfully, is generally carted off toward the back end. Thank God  for CDs; today's generation won't have to keep getting up to move the  needle to the next track.
B000003TBP|3.0|While this album has won a place in my collection, it PALES in comparison to his earlier(and little known) efforts: &quot;Stereopahtic Soul Manure&quot; and &quot;One Foot in the Grave&quot;.  I'd try one of those  albums out before buying this one.
B000002WYT|2.0|The music is okay, but &quot;Lift up your skirt and show the world to me&quot; is the most flagrantly obscene lyric I've ever heard.
6303942830|5.0|This is a movie that everyone needs to own. The storyline from beginning to end is spell binding. Good guys, bad guys, heroines, they're all there. Quite a bit of action, but it seems &quot;real&quot; (at times too real!)  for the time period in the movie. I am waiting/watching weekly for this to  come out on DVD. A must buy! Put it in, crank up the surround sound, and  enjoy.
B000002O5L|4.0|Petty realizes that rock is all about attitude. Any fool could write these three-chord songs in ten minutes, but it takes quite a gutsy performer to pull them off. Yes, they're catchy, and the lullabye &quot;Alright for  now&quot; is surprisingly touching. Jim Keltner seldom plays a drum fill,  he just whacks out a heavy backbeat, a style which is fine for this album  (though it's grown tiresome since). This is certainly one of Petty's best  as an overall album.
0767802659|1.0|One of the worst movie I've ever seen
0393312836|1.0|I was so excited about reading this book - but I ended up giving up after only a few chapters.  Although the dialect was unique, it really distracted me from the story.  If you haven't already purchased this book, I would  suggest reading the first chapter to get a feel for it.  As for me, I think  I'll just rent the movie.
0800196341|4.0|After seeing this movie, I feel as if I really know the play Hamlet much better than before. The language attained great clarity with Branagh's delivery. I was mesmerized much of the time. Other good performances of the  characters Claudius (Jacoby), Gertrude(Christie), Laertes. May be harder to  accept some of Branagh, the director's choices e.g. the 19th century set.  Have not seen Mel Gibson version so would like to compare.
B00000IBRX|5.0|I watched this movie specifically for the special effects which were so stunning I could not stop saying 'Wow' through the whole thing.  The story is absolutely garbage, and that is too bad because it could have been one  for the records with a great story attached to all that eye splendor.  Cuba  Gooding outshone all the others in the acting category, but his role was  confusing until it was revealed who he was.  This movie is best seen with  beautiful music on your stereo playing, the sound on your TV off, and the  remote control in your hand.  Speed through to the beautiful scenes in  heaven and feast your eyes.
630508999X|4.0|it was smart it was really gorey with lots of blood and gore. and also loads of babes! espeacily   gale weathers and sidney.
034538072X|5.0|Well-written account of Tudor King Henry and his bevy of females.  MS Weir proposes some highly questionable interpretations -- such as her conclusion that Henry did not sire Anne Bolyn's sister's &quot;bastard&quot; -- but,  in the main, this is a dynamic book and well worth the cost!
B000007T1M|4.0|Have you been searching for a new metal sound for a long time? Listen to &quot;System of a down&quot;. This is killer. Fresh and hard. Even the lyrics are worth listening to.
B0000011AP|4.0|Ok, so they're a Led Zeppelin sound alike. But a very GOOD Zeppelin sound alike! Even though vocalist Peter French (ex Atomic Rooster) sounds more like Rod Stewart in places then Robert Plant it in no way detracts from the  music. In fact I personally believe his raspy bluesy voice enhances  the  songs. Some of the riffs at a few places seem to have been lifted right off  of one of the first three Zeppelin albums, but LEAFHOUND has added their  own creative interpretation to the songs so they can easily be considered  origonal. If you wish Led Zeppelin had put out just one more album in the  vein of their earlier stuff, then I heartily reccommend this album for your  collection!
078322706X|5.0|After hearing what a bomb this movie was I finally decided to see it mainly because of Brad Pitt who is such a beautiful man.  I was thoroughly taken away by the beautiful photography, sets, and the script.  This movie  was made first class all the way and I was not bored for one second of the  three hours!  How could anyone say this was a bomb?  Brad is not only  beautiful to look at, but a wonderful actor.  His accent when talking to  the Jamaican lady showed how he is a true master at his craft.  I enjoyed  their two exchanges in the hospital when the old lady recognizes his true  identity.  I thought all the other actors were exceptional, Jeffrey Tambor  being one of the standouts.  I was relieved that the sex scene was  tastefully done with only the faces being shown and Joe Black's showing the  range of emotions of a 'first time'.  All of his 'first times' were fun to  watch as his face showed interest, disgust or glee.  Great film - see it  soon!
0792835077|4.0|\\"Westworld\\" is a real favorite of mine.  Most everything I wanted to say has been said in the two previous and well-written reviews.  I think this movie stands up quite well today, and there are scenes in this picture that  will send chills down your spine.  What comes to my mind is the echo of the  Yul Brynner's footsteps as he walks down the hall looking for Richard  Benjamin.  Suddenly, the footsteps quicken....  Between 1 and 10,  \\"Westworld\\" gets a solid 8.  I wonder if \\"Westworld\\" is the reason that I  don't care for theme parks any more:-)
B00000IBVC|4.0|I have not seen such a steel and commanding singing Turandot since Eva Marton.  The chinese costumes she wears are authentic and reminded me of the chinese ancient movies from HongKong (I am chinese and I truly feel at  home!!!)  Liu was heartbreaking and her pianissimis are truly melting.   Calaf was as good or better than dominggo or carreras.
1881273156|5.0|This book is the best marriage book we have ever read. What a difference reading it has made in an already great relationship!
6305265488|5.0|This movie was really fresh and very beautifully filmed.  Drew is the perfect Cinderella and the nice part is there is no magic - she does it all on her own.  I would caution parents that there is one word that da Vinci  shouts out that is inappropriate for kids, but that can easily be muted  when viewing.  If they had taken out that one word it would have been far  better.  My favorite scene is when Drew is allowed to take one thing away  from the brigands who have captured her and she takes away the Prince - on  her shoulders! - in her underdrawers!
6301661737|5.0|Wow, what a movie experience!  \\"Kagemusha (The Shadow Warrior)\\" is my favorite film from direct Akira Kurosawa, which is saying one heck of a lot when one considers \\"Rashomon\\", \\"Seven Samurai\\", and \\"Ran\\".  I sat riveted  to the television screen during the entire presentation.  It is a story of  a petty thief who, because he looks very much like the great Warlord  Shingen, is given the chance to redeem himself and play the great Warlord's  double.  The heart of the film is the inner change and new found strength  that progresses through the thief as he learns to become the Warlord.   Awesome in its imagery, \\"Kagemusha\\" will mesmerize you and move you.   Between 1 and 10, this powerful Kurosawa classic gets a 10.  With his  passing, along with Stanley Kubrick, the world has lost two great  treasures.
0312199066|5.0|Gene Cernan's book is the best book about the Apollo moon landing program because it is the most humanistic of the bunch.  Cernan tells us a little about his life, but only enough to get you to understand why he became an  astronaut and not too much to bore you.  He also keeps what is probably a  sizable ego in check, which is something you don't see in other astronaut  books, such as Shepard and Slayton's &quot;Moonshot&quot;.  He tells more  about how his family (particularly his now ex-wife) was affected by his  chosen career.  But the descriptions of his troubles during the Gemini 9  moonwalk, the elation of coming within 50,000 feet of the moon on Apollo 10  and the culmination of it all by being named the commander (through a risky  move) of the last moonwalk, Apollo 17 is some of the most interesting  reading there is on the topic.  In addition, he is candid about some of the  problems he encountered with fellow astronauts, especially Buzz Aldrin.   Most astronauts don't touch that topic in their books.<br />Overall, Cernan's  book is a must read for all space exploration fans.
B000002KAT|5.0|A haunting, brilliant achievement. Probably my favorite album of all time. Remarkably, I only discovered it a couple of years back. The music is quite complex, yet the melodies simple. I hear something new everytime I listen.  The vocals are just as dazzling, and the lyrics unlike anything you'll find  today.  Just buy it!
6303477259|5.0|This absolutely must have video is a master piece and a collection to be proud of for any die hard Pink Floyd fan(like me!!!) The show did went on and a some show it was!
0684867621|4.0|A good read, in the same vein as &quot;Bag of Bones&quot;.  It looks like King may be heading away from the formula that has served him well in the past. Readers who expect King's usual bag of tricks (ghosts, omnipotent  shape-shifters, possessed automobiles, etc) will not like this book. If,  however, you can appreciate a compelling story with real-life implications  (God, I used to play in the woods when I was a kid), then you'll like this  one. The main character, Trisha, seems a tad mature for a 9-year-old, but  you can look past it and enjoy the exploration of the human survival  instinct when faced with seemingly insurmountable odds. The Tom Gordon plot  device was not used quite the way I was expecting (which is why I gave 4,  not 5, stars) but it works. Sort of.<br />One last thing: what about  international readers who do not understand baseball? How can they expect  to appreciate the story when they don't know the game?
B0000009W9|5.0|An excellent album that displays Elvis' talent to the max.  If I had to pick one album to listen to, this would be it.
0767819462|5.0|I saw this movie. I thought it was very good. It was a tear jerker, but I just loved it and if the price goes down to a decent price after it has been released for awhile I will be sure to buy it.I wouldn't mind watching  that movie everyday.I think all the actors and actresses did a great job.
B000002NIW|5.0|The DEFTONES are the greatest band in the world and deserves more.Chino sings with great heart and can just let it all go. I highly recommend this cd and adrenaline and anything else by the deftones.
0767800958|5.0|A film full of eloquent precision both in dance and the portrail of true love.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I'm a fairly new Radiohead fan.  I heard &quot;Karma Police&quot; on the radio several times and really liked it so I bought OK Computer.  Best $13 I ever spent.  This CD is unbelievably great.  It's the greatest album I've heard, possibly the greatest ever.  It has everything.  It will pick you  up, shake you, and leave you begging for more, humming the songs to  yourself everywhere.  It's that powerful.  If I had to describe the scene,  it would be like Orwell's 1984 meets &quot;Blade Runner&quot;. This isn't  just mindless screaming into the mic.  This is true, awesome music from an  awesome band.  Every song on this album is perfect in its on way and each  is unique.  Go buy this album now. It's not just great music but an  emotional experience that may very well change your outlook on life.  Just  a few of my favorite songs: Paranoid Android - Incredibly unique all the  way through with a nice easy beginning gradually speeding up to an exciting  climax (Off with his head!  Off with his head man!) then down again to a  dark, calculated, brooding melody at the end.  Perfect. Exit Music (For a  Film) - This has to be one of the greatest songs ever written.  It is  emotionally charged beyond anything you've ever heard. Karma Police - What  more do I have to say? The most popular song off this album, creepy and  dramatic. Fitter Happier - I haven't heard much of this type of thing  before.  It's a computer voice droning away with dark piano music and some  people talking in the background.  Incredibly unique and splendid.
B0000029GA|5.0|I think  illmatic is the illest album  nas ever wrote. Nas keep shining black. They don't want to see you expand into some oh ill nig on the wax People just love to sleep on the bridge we cant stop its on now.  Arsenio's  out    keep shining E-buddy
6304826133|5.0|Starring Sylvester Stallone, Ray Liotta, and Robert DeNiro, Cop Land is a smart, fast paced, and highly entertaining thriller. With Stallone as a small town Sheriff who discovers his idols are involved in corruption with  the mob, cover-ups, and bad cops. He must choose between defending his idol  policemen, or serving justice. Excellent film making all the way!
6303187064|5.0|The Crow is essential for any serious movie lover's library. No movie I've seen compares; the only one to come close is The Matrix. To all those opposed, heh Well?
6304924216|5.0|This was one of Cage's all time best movies. He did an extrodinary job mocking Travolta's moves as did Travolta mocking Cage's moves throughout the whole movie. If you've seen any Cage movies you would love this one. If  you haven't, you're in for a for the irde of your life.I recommend this  movie to any one who likes a fast-paced, mind boggling adventure.
0684867621|3.0|Long time fans, think twice. I have read every work of fiction published by Stephen King/Richard Bachman except for Dark Tower III and Insomnia. This is the first time I felt the material would have been better left  unpublished. If refunds were available for dissatisfaction, I would apply.  I did read it straight through in one sitting, but that is more  attributable to its length than avid interest.
6301963717|4.0|I'm not quite the rabid fan that some of my fellow reviewers are, but &quot;Miller's Crossing&quot; offers several pleasures that can be found in few other films.  The language of the film, both verbally and visually, are  fresh and dynamic without seeming forced (see if you don't end up asking  people &quot;What's the rumpus?&quot; for a few days after you see it).   Although there are some plotting devices that I never quite bought, there  are others that offer a delightful, dark vantage point from which to view  the gangland festivities.<br />What makes the movie really click for me though  are the performances.  Albert Finney is the crown jewel in this setting,  seeming to have an almost off-handed mastery of this role.  It's a fine,  subtle performance, making his character much more sympathetic than Gabriel  Byrne's (whose performance I didn't much care for--isn't this guy Irish?   If so, why does his Irish accent keep slipping?)  Jon Polito is great fun  as Finney's easily agitated underling-turned-rival and John Tutoro  obviously relishes both the sliminess and vulnerabilty of his character.   <br />A couple of the film's set pieces are classic:  the assassination  attempt on Finney(to the accompaniment of &quot;Danny Boy&quot;) builds  incredible suspense before culminating in a memorably exciting machine gun  battle--Hitchcock meets Leone?  And both of Byrne's walks in the woods--one  to shoot a traitor, the other to prove he's done the shooting--have a  tension, dread, and intensity that had me riveted.  It doesn't all hold  together, but the parts are somehow greater than the whole, especially the  exceptional performance by the under-rated and far too seldom seen Albert  Finney.
6304119046|1.0|There is not much to tell about this movie except for the fact that it is the most overated movie of all time.  It is remotely interesting, but if that is the best our country has to offer, then I think I would just stop  watching movies.
B000002I25|5.0|The Doors, ranks as one of the most popular debut albums of all time, right up there with, Led Zepplin and Boston's first LP.  Too bad like Boston, the Doors crashed and burned before they really had a chance to  make an impact on the rock music world.  ( As if they did'nt in the short  time they were together....) Morrison's poetry is unique and haunting,  quite a departure from the Beatles whom they dethroned as the #1 band in  1967.  They just don't make em like that anymore, no matter what you Pearl  Jam fans say....
0374172897|1.0|I found this book to be pretentious, boring, sophomoric and most of all, contrived. Not one sympathetic character in it- and oh! all that purple prose. Too bad the PEN/Faulkner and Pulitzer judges were taken in.
B000007OY0|5.0|This movie is freakin' incredible.  I've seen it five times and I don't think I could ever get tired of it.  Whoever the two morons were that gave it bad reviews need to be SHOT.  This movie was well directed and  BRILLIANTLY acted.                          --Jon Williams, Virginia
0385484518|5.0|My daughter loaned me the book last week. I started reading that morning, and put it down only when I had finished reading it. The author masterfully puts the reader in his shoes as he converses with his mentor, Morrie. This  is a MUST read for adults of all ages.
B000005ALP|5.0|I love this band...I actually listened to &quot;Last Stop This Town&quot; for 4 straight hours.  They just keep getting better.
6305265488|5.0|I don't care for Drew Barrymore, but I seem to like her movies very much(?).  A friend loaned me the video.  I sat glued to my seat, then watched it again.  Told my husband what a great video it was and we watched  it again the next evening.  We watched it twice more before we returned it  to my friend after one week.  Went out and bought our own copy.  One of my  favorite movies of all time, along with Out of Africa.  Music and scenery  glorious.  Story moves along and holds your attention.  Did I mention that  I liked it?
B000002LFU|5.0|This album has been recorded in concert. It doesn't have a great quality sound but the music is worth lisening to even if it was covered by static. This isn't one of R.E.M.'s best but it still out classes most albums around  today. Please buy it.
B00000DLV1|5.0|Well, I bought this CD back in January after I read some reviews of it.  I must say that I was not a fan of Portishead before (only because I had never really heard their music).  But I want to recommend getting this LIVE  CD, regardless of whether you have other albums of their's. And, frankly,  after listening to this, and then going out to by Dummy, I'm disappointed  with their STUDIO recordings!!!  I LOVE the Live CD.  In fact, I love MOST  live CDs of bands because it's raw and real and much more emotional.  This  CD surpasses almost everything else I listen to.  The music belongs in a  category all its own.  (And I also discovered that I can hit that super  high note on Half Day Closing like Beth--although know doubt she's  better!!!)  The opening of Humming reminds me of a Dracula silent  film---creepy as hell!  I love it.  I love ALL of it!!!  And it sets the  mood and tone for the rest of the CD.  BUY IT!!!
B000002C1X|3.0|While the album does have some great songs (basically anything one will here on rock/classic rock radio), as a piece it is well overdone.  It would not be a problem if the concept allowed for more actual songs, but many of  the songs are mere snippets designed to carry the story, rather than the  album.  I'm not putting down the story, which is definately interesting,  but the album actually works better in the movie.  The brief songs are like  filler.  If one wants a double album with a story, the Who's QUADROPHENIA  is a better buy.
6300151379|5.0|To a true lover of fantasy this move is the ultimate.  It mixes a valuable life lesson with some really interesting, totally cute characters that can be totally lovable, and totally annoying at the same time. My kids loved  this movie,  I had a copy once but it disappeared - I would dearly love to  have an opportunity to purchase this movie again and my 21 year old son  wants a copy --- please re-release this movie - have been searching for  nearly three (3) years for a copy. Sandra J. Piper
B000005RS9|5.0|Good ol' Syd Barrett was the main catalyst behind this weird, whimsical psychedelic masterpiece.  Though is not the best Floyd album, it is probably one of the poppiest and least self-important.  Granted, not every  Floyd fan has to love this.  But, you can't overestimate how important this  album (and Barrett) were.  If it was not for Barrett, the name Pink Floyd  would not exist, and a lot of psychedelic music and Floyd's subsequent  work, echeoed the album's songs.  &quot;Bike&quot; has to be the highlight  here, Barrett proving to all doubters that he is one of the great  eccentrics.
6300151379|5.0|Labyrinth is my favorite since I was 7, now I'm 20 and it's still my favorite. I can't belive  I can't own it. IT'S A SIN. RERELEASE!! I BEG YOU TO HELP US RERELEASE!!!!                        SONIA
0385493800|4.0|If you're hoping for another book about a lawyer in the south, &quot;The Testament&quot; will be a disappointment.  Grisham departed from the formula and I found it refreshing and entertaining.  His characters are  believable, from the greedy heirs you love to hate to the missionary who is  in a world of her own.  (And yes, there's a lawyer or two in there  somewhere - but I don't want to say too much.)  Grisham manages to blend it  all together in an interesting journey of contrasting cultures, lifestyles,  and goals.  He took a chance on this one and I think it was well worth it.
B000007OY0|5.0|The Shawshank Redemption is a masterpiece, one of the top 5 movies of all times but nevertheless it doesn't get the recognition it deserves. The vhs is out of production, no dvd released yet and no sign of it. This has to  change, everybody should own this movie. Amazon help us with this.
0780625129|5.0|American History X is without a doubt one of the most moving films of this decade.  I reccomend this movie to everyone.  Edward Norton gives  an unforgetable performance as a reformed Neo-Natzi that struggles to rid his  brother of the life that once consumed him.  I haven't seen a film with  such a group of memorable characters since The Godfather.  Don't wait to  see this movie, rent it!!! <br />Jason Stamatakis
B00000IL67|5.0|As the producer of the Alice Cooper box set, I must take exception to a couple of comments that were made by Robert Baird in his review.  I have doubts that he thoroughly read nor listened to the collection but rather just relied on his memory of Alice Cooper.<br />He writes:<br />&quot;Suddenly,  in the tracks from Killer such as &quot;Under My Wheels&quot; and  &quot;Dead Babies,&quot; the grandiose Cooper sound is there in all its  mock macabre glory.&quot;<br />Is there something wrong with this happening  &quot;suddenly&quot;?  There is certainly the beginnings of the macabre  glory with songs from the previous album &quot;Love It To Death&quot;.  And  of course it's &quot;mock&quot;.  Just like all of the Alice wannabe's from  years to follow from Kiss to Marilyn Manson.<br />He also writes:<br />&quot;The  downside to this set is that the group's 1971-74 heyday gets short  shrift.&quot;<br />I disagree.  There are 19 songs from those years.  A very  generous sampling.  Anyone feeling short changed should be thrilled to get  those CDs in their entirty to really find out the brilliance of this  era.<br />Surely there's a slew of unreleased outtakes and alternates from  Killer, School's Out, and Billion Dollar Babies?<br />Surely there is not.   Quite a presumptuous assertation.  The fact of the matter is that the band  was touring and working so much during this period, that there was little  or no time to write or record extra material for the albums.  There are  demos that were recorded of the songs but these were deemed to obscure to  be enjoyed by the average record buyer (it's that whole &quot;can't please  all the people all the time&quot; thing).<br />He then makes the completely  UNFOUNDED comment:<br />&quot;When he sacked his original band following that  album's release, his fate was sealed.&quot;<br />If you had read the liner  notes, you would realize that Alice did not &quot;sack&quot; his band.  You  are going by things that you've heard over theyears.  Not facts.  And of  course his fate was sealed, was Paul McCartney's fate not sealed when he no  longer was with the Beatles????<br />Followed by:<br />&quot;While his first solo  album, Welcome to My Nightmare, has a number of high points, the band  chemistry was missed.&quot;<br />Was not the Beatles chemistry missed when the  four members recorded their solo albums?
0374172897|5.0|My husband couldn't get through it, and I loved it.  <br />I think that would pretty much sum up most reactions to this novel.  If you like to find out what a book is about, THE HOURS will frustrate you.  It is not linear, it  does not explain itself, there are no &quot;aha&quot; moments.  Michael  Cunningham writes astonishly well, and with great passion about time, love,  and longing in this short, bittersweet book.  <br />Yes, it would be great if  everyone read Mrs. Dalloway before tackling this book.  But, I have not,  and still found THE HOURS completely satisfying and devastating on many  levels.  It is beautifully written, and deserved to win the Pulitzer Prize.
0312853238|2.0|I just finished reading this book and I'll admit, it's pretty good. I felt it was too simplistic, however, because it &quot;told&quot; rather than &quot;showed.&quot;  That is, I felt I was being spoon-fed most of the  information, especially when Card was relating how Ender felt at various  points, etc. I may be breaking the hearts of a few people but, &quot;Tough  noogies.&quot; The action sequences were good and fun to read but I  couldn't help wishing I had read this title when I was younger. (I'd  probably be touting it as one of the best books and so on, ad nauseum.)   Granted, I appreciated some of the ideas contained within but I didn't feel  moved as much as some people have in the past. If you like your books  simple and to lay everything out for you, then read this one.
6300151379|5.0|My kids are now getting to the age where this would be a wonderful movie for them to see. Video stores can't supply, I've even advertised the the national paper......too good a movie for the studios to wait any longer to  re-publish. Come on people and listen to what the punters want and  re-release ! ! ! !
B0000060NA|5.0|I just bought this CD a few weeks ago.  It sounds like it was recorded then too.  This music is fresh and alive.  Music to make your spirit sing too -- Songs in The Key Of Life indeed.
B0000024IE|5.0|I know everyone holds up &quot;It Takes A Nation of Millions&quot; as not only PE's masterpiece, but a music masterpiece -- but for my money this is PE's best. The lyrics are deeper, the music more detailed and intense. ...
6305226296|5.0|I have been a fan of the Bee Gees since 1967. I have watched this video so many times I can't even count them anymore.  I had orginally recorded this concert when it was on Showtime and eventually wore.it out so I had to get  another.. (One of the best investments I've ever made) . I firmly believe  that the Bee Gees voices sound better now than ever.  Time has not effected  their voices, range or harmonies.   If anything it has only made them  better.   This video is a must for any Bee Gee fan.  If you are not a fan  or ever considered it, try it out, you may learn something    I guarantee  you will be out buying everything you can get your hands on.
0380002930|5.0|Wonderful reading - sad to say that many of the reviews that pan the book are from students in high school.  This seems to back the theory that students are graduating while still illiterate.  If you want to be moved to  tears, thrilled to your toes, and taken into the historical world of the  rabbit, you must read this book! (I'm on my 4th copy). El-ahrairah is  nothing short of the rabbits Moses, leading them through life by the wisdom  of the surviving tales...Having studied rabbits, wild and domestic for  several years (over 20), I found that they are very aware of how precious  and tenuous their lives really are.  This adventure is  a non-stop  rollercoaster ride, with more nail biting thrills than any Stephen King  novel - and King would probably agree.  He did after all, mention the book  in The Stand, and that in itself is high praise.  Now if I could just find  a copy of The Private Life of the Rabbit by R.M. Lockley.Also, More Tales  From Watership Down rated 5 stars from me - it answered alot of questions,  and gave us Hazel back, if only for a little while.  May the rabbits never  stop running.....
6303832563|5.0|I am dying to see this film!! I've worn grooves in the CD (is that possible?) the Philip Glass Score is remarkable! If ANYONE can find this for me, I would greatly appreciate it!
0783225970|5.0|Al Pacino puts the nail in the coffin that proves that he is one of the best actors of all time with his role of a Cuban refugee, Tony Montana who climbs his way to the top of the Miami drug scene. Violenty vivid, scripted  in blood by Oliver Stone and a relentless directing job by Brian DePalma.  The best &quot;Bad Guy&quot; movie there is and one of Pacino's best  performances. His best performance, in my humble opinion, is in The  Godfather Part III simply because of the line &quot;Every time I think I'm  out, they keep pulling me back in!&quot; and the gut wrenching scene on the  opera steps after he sees his life flash before his eyes. Pacino rules, is  what I should have started with, but I think we all know that all ready.
B000002UAX|5.0|As they've published 13 original LP's, we have at least 4 or 5 different &quot;Beatles&quot; (&quot;Please Please Me&quot; and &quot;Let It Be&quot; are as far away as the U.S.A. and China!). This &quot;White Album&quot;  (no, it could not be black!) is probably the best LP they've ever recorded.  This one and, of course, the other 12! But it is true that no other album  was simultaneously so fresh and depressing, so pure and mixed up of a lot  of influences, so calm (listen to those McCartney's ballads) and  hyperenergetic (&quot;Helter Skelter&quot; provided the inspiration for a  whole generation of heavy metal groups). Thank you once again, John, Paul,  George and Ringo. Without you, my musical life wouldn't be the same.
0783227019|4.0|Pacino is the man. It's that simple. The scene on the escalator is the best of the movie. Pacino dies in 90% of all his films.
0783216084|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS THE BEST ! If you like action and suspense, this is your movie. For people who are grossed out easily, don't see it. I was scared but excited when Richard Dreyfuss whent underwater, pulled a sharkthooth  out of a wrecked boat and saw a white, severed head with an eyeball torn  out. A MUST SEE !
0871137380|5.0|So you've never been in combat.  Come to Mogadishu.  Maybe you're the rear detachment company clerk who was called forward due to an injury.  Join the D-Boys and Rangers on a quick raid gone wrong.  Fast-rope into a crowded  African city on a Sunday afternoon and smell, taste, hear, and touch the  reality of true combat.  Test your soul; what would you do if you were  surrounded by thousands of deadly Somalis only miles from safety in the  heart of their territory and there is a BLACK HAWK DOWN? Mark Bowden has  taken his award winning series of newspaper articles written for the  Philadelphia Inquirer and turned them into a must-read classic for all  military professionals.  He definitely took a modest assignment and  overachieved; we are the beneficiaries.  His detailed account of the Battle  of the Black Sea (Mogadishu:  3-4 October 1993) is destined to occupy the  bookshelves of every military professional or would-be warrior.  Devour and  enjoy Black Hawk Down.   This book is not about your Grandfather or  Father's war.  This is about modern war involving many soldiers still on  active duty.  It's not about destroying tanks from 3,000 meters away.  It's  about close combat when the rules of engagement cease to have relevance and  survival requires immediate instinctive response.  This book is a crystal  ball on future urban warfare and a cautionary note for contentious  peacekeeping operations.  The devil is in the details and you will not want  for details.  The gore, frustrations, disagreements, mistrusts, illusions,  misconceptions, ramifications, difficulties, cowardice, and heroics are  displayed for all to see.  Sure there is some hype and inaccuracy, but no  interesting microscopic analysis can exist without such blemishes.   Seldom  has such a discreet tactical operation had such far-reaching strategic  consequences.  U.S forces in Bosnia can attribute restrictive force  protection measures to this battle's legacy.  Future strategic,  operational, and tactical leaders who do not assimilate the lessons of  Mogadishu are in danger of repeating this tragic history.   I strongly  recommend this book.  Learn what Delta Sergeants Randy Shughart and Gary  Gordon did to earn the only Medals of Honor awarded for actions during the  past quarter-century.  Set aside a Sunday afternoon or a long night for  continuous consumption.  You will not want to put this book down once you  start reading it.
B00000IIXH|1.0|Bruce used to embody what was originally great about Rock but had been lost by the time the 70's rolled around - real stories, real energy, real music; above all, sincerity.  Now he has become the antithesis of this: a  sellout!  This collection is of 3rd generation stuff - the out takes from  the out takes.  It's sad.  He should not have allowed himself to be  connnected with this.
B00000F1D3|4.0|Listen to the touching lyrics.  After all these years, still missing Sonny, yet still stick to be her true-self. Bravo, Cher, as a Singer and as a Woman.
B000002J1I|4.0|A bit different from the usual Yes stuff but &quot;The Silent Wings Of Freedom&quot;, &quot;Don't Kill The Whale&quot; and &quot;Release, Release&quot; are really great songs! I don't think you will really be  disappointed with this.
B00000IFWE|4.0|This album is just as great as any other of Petty's classics, but unique in it's own way.  I'd call it 60/40 between &quot;Wildflowers&quot; and &quot;Southern Accents,&quot; an earlier Petty album.  It has quite a range  of music.  From the all out rock in such songs as &quot;Free Girl  Now,&quot; &quot;I Don't Wanna Fight, &quot; (The only song I know of where  Campbell is singing lead!) and &quot;Won't Last Long,&quot; to the mellow  ballads Petty has perfected such as &quot;Echo,&quot; &quot;Room at the  Top,&quot; and &quot;One more day, One more night,&quot; this album is  comprised of all the possible facets of Petty possible.  A somewhat  melancholy feel is left over at the end (perhaps because of his recent  divorce), but that can be a good change.  As usual, Petty has come out with  15 great songs, comprising one of his best albums to date.
B000002J23|4.0|O.K. so Trevor Horn replaces Jon Anderson as the lead singer...still very good despite the radical change in the line-up. &quot;Machine Messiah&quot; and &quot;Tempus Fugit&quot; are songs worth buying it alone. Those of  progressive taste will enjoy it...
B0000025OP|5.0|I love Bob Dylan, and this is by far his best!  I can't even pick which song is the best because they are all so great! To anyone who has never bought a Bob Dylan album, and has no idea which one to get, this is it!!!!  Enjoy it!
B000000OXH|4.0|The songs &quot;Don't Cry&quot; and &quot;The Smile Has Left Your Eyes&quot; are true hits. Also &quot;Midnight Sun&quot; should be a sleeper hit. A really great song! It showcases John Wetton's singing and Goeff  Downe's keyboards but the great Steve Howe is a bit muted here on this  album though...a good choice anyhow!
0399143904|1.0|I am a huge Clancy fan!  Unfortunately this book does not measure up to the author's reputation.  I became bored with the repeated rescue operations that seemed to contribute nothing more than weight to the book.   In Mr. Clancy's previous books, it was clear that the long buildup to the  conclusion would all come together in the end but also that the  buildup/plot building had meaning and interest of its own.  It is obvious  that much of this book is filler that an intelligent reader is not going to  appreciate.  I am ashamed to admit it but I could not even finish it.  I  feel like a blasphemer.
0790740443|5.0|I thought this movie was EXCELLENT.  Kurt Russell did an exceptional job.  I watched this move twice;  One right after the other.  I would have watched it more, but I have a life to lead.  I would recommend this movie  to anyone.  I think Kurt Russell deserves a BLOCKBUSTER AWARD for this  movie.  This movie was a lot better than \\"Big Trouble in Little China\\"; And  I thought that was a great, funny, movie.  Kurt Russell is a superb actor,  and this movie shows that with no words he can still give an Oscar winning  performance.  GREAT JOB DONE!!!
B000002ADT|5.0|What can be said that has not already been said?  Kind of Blue was, for the most part, my first true adventure into good jazz, a sad choice, I might add, because nothing else since has lived up to its genius.  If you  don't own this record, you don't know music yet.  Five stars is simply not  enough.
0684867621|5.0|King IS getting better as he gets older.  He truly is a great writer.  The wasp-priest was creepy as hell!  I think this story is all the more scary if you've ever been lost in the woods.  I know from experience that it can  be a terrifying ordeal.  It really is a great book.
630179513X|2.0|An improvement on part 2, this second follow-up nevertheless retains some of it's predecessor's weaknesses; most annoyingly, the repetition of scenes from the original. Also, Zemeckis again resorts to a Chuck Jones and Tex  Avery approach (doesn't every &quot;family&quot; film-maker these days?).  Thomas F. Wilson's character, particularly, evolved from Biff in part 1, to  Bluto in part 2, and wound up somewhere past Yosemite Sam in part 3. For  all that, at least you can follow the plot and care about the characters,  which is more than you can say for part 2. Best advice, though, is: STICK  TO THE ORIGINAL!
6302798450|5.0|It's just a matter of understanding.Calm your self  ,open up your brain,and be aware that you've been born to be a history witness of such great creation.
0871137380|5.0|I recently purchased this book and could not put it down for a second, fearing what upcoming segment I might miss, then actually finishing the book within a two day period. I REALLY loved this book, my first reason is:  it's a true story, real soldiers in a real city  fighting a real battle and  for their lives.  The second is: Mark Bowden's words struck a place in my  heart so deep, this book and (Story) will always be on my mind now, he  introduced us to a group of guys, much like any of my friends, and those  introductions and the mission are what i take with me every day since  reading this book. I would also like to add: my thoughts and my prayers to  the brave soldiers and their families who are presented in book,  BlackHawk  Down /A story of modern war.
B000002NJS|5.0|Ever since I heard Madonna's first album, I have been enchanted by her sense of style and individuality.  With her latest album Ray of Light, she once again is proving that she is the queen of popular music.  With catchy  songs like Ray of Light and Little Star and soft, sweet songs like Drowned  World/Substitute for Love and To Have and Not to Hold, it shows variety and  maturity in her music.  My personal favorites are Drowned World/Substitute  for Love, Skin, The Power of Goodbye, and my favorite, To Have and Not to  Hold. If you do not own this album, you are seriously missing out on some  of her finest work to date.  That is why I urge everyone to go and get Ray  of Light, one of Madonna's most powerful albums ever.
6300270424|5.0|Yes, this video takes a while and even the most die hard Zeppelin fan would have a problem with the non concert footage, this video picks up and gives the fan who wasnt old enough a chance to see one of the greatest  bands of all time. Being a true beleiver Page, Plant, Jones and Bonham put  on an exciting and riveting show with the pure drum power of &quot;Moby  Dick&quot; and the &quot;Heartbreaker&quot; and &quot;Whole lotta  love&quot; mix. This video is for the Zeppelin purist
B000002MFN|5.0|As much as I love Madonna's other albums, Erotica is one of my favorites.  It was surrounded by controversy when it was first released, but now the controversy has fizzled out, allowing people to realize what a great piece  of art it really is. Best songs include Bye bye baby, Bad Girl, Waiting,  Thief of Hearts, Words, and Rain.  All of the songs are wonderful, but I  can't mention them all.  Let's just say get this album if you don't already  have it and if you love Madonna as much as I do.
B0000042H4|3.0|I agree with eyeamthewalrus@hotmail.com from USA. In my opinion, Solti's conducting of the Ring is boring. He even managed to undermine what could have surely been amazing performances on the part of such an outstanding  cast, especially Nilsson, who is imprisoned by Solti's conventional ideas  on how the Ring should sound. This version doesn't hold a candle to  Boulez'. If you want to introduce yourself to the wonderful world of the  Ring, try Boulez on video first. You'll be buying the CD's within a week.
0684867621|5.0|King brought this story to  his publisher expecting it to be part of a anthology but his publisher liked it so much they decided to put it out as a hardcover to celebrate the 25th anniversary of Kings first book.  Its not  because he had to have a book out and was money hungry (although he'll be  raking it in on this one).  Other than that, this is a very good read.  I  never got bored reading it.  I cant wait for his next book of short stories  coming this fall.
0802130208|5.0|This book is GREAT.  But, to fully appreciate the location and the characters go to New Orleans.  I would suggest that those who have given low ratings to &quot;Dunces&quot; have not made the travel.  Walk the  streets where Ignacius prowled.  See the statute of him on Canal Street at  the site of the D. H. Holmes department store. It doesn't do him justice.   And how many times have we read this book and said &quot;I know someone who  is just like that guy&quot;.  Folks-this is a FUNNY book-very entertaining.
B000007RV5|5.0|Y'know when I first heard of Limp Bizkit, I thought of them as just another imatation of KoRn, but they are one of the best, and a welcome addition to my collection. (after KoRn of course!)
6304578482|4.0|Despite what most of the previous reviews would have one think, this movie isn't as floofy as it at first appears, but there's no reason to start desperately grabbing for deeper meaning either. All one really needs to  know is that this movie will make you happy. Lisa and Mira are both very  funny and have surprisingly good chemistry and timing together, Jeaneane is  at her best as her stock cynic, and the great and powerful Alan Cumming is  his usual charismatic and fantabulous self as Sandy Frink, who seems to  jump into the scenes where you were just about sure your grin couldn't  further widen. The &quot;interperative dance&quot; at the end is one of the  funniest pieces of physical comedy in recent movie memory. Fun costumes,  fun lines, a fun soundtrack, and a fun cast all make Romy and Michele a  great movie for your collection, but the only truly exceptional thing about  this movie is Alan Cumming's comic performance.
B00000ILDE|5.0|This looks to be the definitive DVD title.  If there was a reason to buy a DVD player this is it.  The cut scenes, menu options, trailers, interviews; I am ready to get IT ON!!!
6304383177|5.0|This is a great movie! I laughed so hard, my stomach hurt! Katherine and Cary are a great pair! If anyone hasn't seen this movie, they are being deprived of the classic movie comedy experience! Another great movie is The  Philidelphia Story, starring Cary, Katherine and Jimmy Stewart
B00000G3PA|5.0|Although many people say that the fact that oil drillers are sent to the save world is stupid - the story is powerful and has meaning, excellent cinematography, excellent acting by all cast, and spectacular special  effects and sound.
B000002513|5.0|Springsteen's first six albums all have their moments, but this one is unique. Did Springsteen know what a rock and roll novel he had on his hands? Perhaps -- or, more likely, he thought it was the germ of a good  idea, something he could refine and perfect on subsequent works like  &quot;Born to Run&quot; or &quot;The River.&quot; Neither of those are as  elegant, as youthful, or as delightfully fresh as this one.
B00000BKDX|5.0|This is the best album of Iron Maiden. 'Revelations' is absolutely fabulous. The only negative feeling I get is due to the fact that I am about to pay for the same classic for the third bloody time! (LP, cd 1, cd  2). Don't do this to often Maiden management.<br />Enjoy!
B000002UA0|5.0|Forget those downer albums like &quot;The Wall&quot; and &quot;Wish You Were Here.&quot;  The original incarnation of Pink Floyd was the best.  I like this is because it is just so...different.  Very weird, sometimes  droning, sometimes even atonal, sometimes cosmically rocking, all pure  psychedelia.  This is my fave Floyd album.  And no, I'm not stoned.
0783222475|4.0|Truly awesome visual effects are the star here, but the story is totally mumbo-jumbo of just stuff tossed in to make up for time. Similar to the story in &quot;Twister&quot; but both are truly awesome to see if just for  the effects. I love disaster movies and this is one of them. I think I  could have created a stronger plot but what's done is done. I was amazed at  the realistic effects. They scared me and made me see the true horror of  caught in nature's burning fury...literally.
0767802519|5.0|This movie is an absolute delight. I don't want to get all technical or dive into the plot but I can say it is excellent, and trust me, if you buy it you will find this in your VCR/DVD player more times than you can  imagine! Also check out Luc Besson's &quot;La Femme Nikita, another killer  movie!
6304233639|4.0|After getting a front row seat in a jam-packed theater one night in July of 1996 was one thing but to see amazingly shattering effects wipe out half the world was another. No doubt the star here are the Oscar-winning  effects. It was a blast to see for the first time but even the shine on  this one wears away with each viewing. Some parts of the story sound  totally oddball but carry the film just enough to hold our interest. I  loved it. Being a fan of the sci-fi films of the 1950's helps a lot...
0679457313|4.0|I was incredibly moved by this novel.  Its beauty is the presentation of life and death through the eyes of children. I felt like I was entering their world and seeing it through their eyes.  Roy is incredibly sensual  like Rushdie and other Indian authors.  Not only are colors intricately  created and explored.  All the senses are involved, especialy touch.  I  will always remember having the sense of the earth underneath my bare feet  from this novel. The most profound issues of racism, the caste system,  sexism, and politics are seen through the eyes of children.
6304169558|4.0|What I loved about this hit is the effects. I myself attend college in Alabama and was caught in a tornado a few weeks ago. I have the scars on my head to show it, but after seeing this I knew what to expect to happen but  I didn't think the thing would drop its ugly end just a few hundred feet  from campus and slam me into a brick wall. However, this film is one of my  favorites and my family loves it. I love the music and the soundtrack. But  the story could use some work. I have yet to see a disaster film with a  firm and solid story to equal the power of the special effects.  &quot;TITANIC&quot; is the best one so far but even the script in that  could use some polishing...
B000001ES4|5.0|I've been a fan of new age music for quite some time, but the secret takes it to a whole new level  I hope the new album comes out soon.  This will surely be my gift of the year for my family and friends.  Secret was a  GREAT recommendation from a good friend.  Thanks!
0684867621|4.0|Hooray for Stephen King! I enjoyed this one! It is fast paced, exciting, and difficult to put down despite it's relatively simple premise. Crank out some more like this one, Stephen!
B000000WFU|2.0|Admittedly, I pick this up on a whim when it been misfiled with Tchaikovsky.  This should have given me a hint - the store didn't know how to classify this piece.<br />The strong / interesting points for me were the  percussion arrangements and the London Philharmonic.  The percussion is  imaginative and a big plus on an otherwise questionable work.<br />I found it  interesting reading the pedantic liner notes that explain how classical  structures such as the rondo had been used. The liner also explained that  words didn't cut it - phonetics were the way to the world music experience.   Baloney...  If you change &quot;phonetics&quot; to &quot;gibberish&quot;  you will be closer to what is on the CD.<br />If you are looking for easy  listening &quot;adagio&quot; music (e.g., the work of Secret Garden or solo  piano work of David Lanz, Michael Jones, George Winston), this is not for  you. <br />This CD just is not ready for prime time.
B000002P48|5.0|Lynyrd Skynyrd is not a guitarist, dude (I'm talking to the last reviewer).  It consists of three guitarists, but only two on this album, who are Allen Collins (FreeBird and I Ain't The One solos) and Gary  Rossington (Tuesday's Gone and Simple Man solo's).  Later the bass player  on this album became their third guitarist and he is the one that plays the  Sweet Home solo.<br />Ok, this is perhaps my favorite Cd along with Eagles  Greatests Hits Volume 1, Appetite For Destruction (Guns N Roses), Eat A  Peach (Allman Brothers Band), and maybe Sticky Fingers (Rolling Stones).  This album in my eyes is even much superior than the greatest hits CD, and  the only track I really think is better from the greatest than any on this  CD is Saturday Night Special.  But besides that, if you love some great  guitar playing, beautiful songs, and some wonderful southern boogie, please  check out this CD, you will never regret it.
B00000IFWE|5.0|I've been pretty ardent about listening to Petty and his crew for the last couple years, and I do not understand why anyone would review this CD as being anything less than any of his other albums. So many of Petty's peers  have sold out as time has progressed, being influenced by the current trend  of shifting towards various forms of electronica and what not; trying to be  modern and hip. With &quot;Echo,&quot; Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers  maintain their sound and their class without getting tired and boring. It  is a tribute to them as artists that they can produce material so similar  in topic and sound for so many years, and still be great. There are so many  groups out there that have things to learn from Tom Petty and the  Heartbreakers, such Steven Tyler and his gang of clowns, and have been  around for too long and need to take a hike. I hope that Tom Petty keeps  everything as it is, so that his music will continue to be good for what it  always has been: laying low and getting to know yourself.
B000002H72|5.0|The Pixies were one of the best bands of the 80's and all four of their full length albums were excellent, this one being their masterpiece. Every song is catchy and great, being equal parts Captain Beefheart and Iggy Pop.  In a nutshell, insanity turned up a notch with unintelligible lyrics and  the best melodies this side of the atlantic. A must buy for any serious  music fan.
0684867621|5.0|I think this is one of the best Stephen King books I've ever read.  Don't start reading this thinking it's going to be a horror story;  it's more like a Stand By Me story.  I really like how  the story is tied in with  baseball the fact the it's about a girl who is a baseball fan.  I really  love this book!  I just couldn't put it down.
B00000ILBK|4.0|For the viewer from Toronto who asks &quot;How many video/audio tracks are there? Is there widescreen and pan&amp;scan? How many languages is the movie encoded in? (they certainly don't provide enough information here at  Amazon....&quot;<br />-Well, I think most of the information is available,  simply click on the &quot;Click here for more technical details about this  edition... &quot; tag  just under the &quot;Edition Details&quot; section  below the cover-art picture.  This wonderful link takes you to a full  description including all the Dolby encoding info, languages, aspect ratio  - everything you need to know!  I rely heavily on the Dolby encoding  information and always check that before purchasing, especially when there  are several versions available.<br />Having mentioned the cover-art, you can  click on that too and get a higher resolution picture as  well.<br />[...] will certainly give you all the rest!
6300216039|5.0|When I saw this movie, my 9th grade English class mostly put it down as &quot;Gay&quot; or &quot;Boring.&quot; I actually found it a very good movie. The actors and actresses play thier parts to perfection. And the  music was absolutely fabulous. It gave a very emotional touch to the story.
B000009VOL|5.0|I don't understand how anyone--no matter how insensitive or naive--could fail to recognize immediately the exquisite perfection of Chan Marshall's work.  Even if you ignore the masterfully understated guitar work that  seems to invoke a shadowy spook world of forgotten dreams, even if your  don't notice the cool fragility of a voice that seems almost like a hand  caressing your cheek--before it stings you like a hot slap, you've got to  pick up on those lyrics that take you into a twilight zone of hazy  memories, dimly lit recriminations, and fatalistic forebodings.  Through it  all shines an incandescent beauty that will lift the listener straight into  the core of light.<br />I was fortunate enough to see one of Chan Marshall's  first shows when she was warming up for Liz Phair.  Even in this early,  tentative performance, Chan's music evoked a kind of raw power-- especially  remarkable since so much of her music relies on the space between the  sounds--that I've never seen matched.  Chan seems to connect to listeners,  almost as if her music is conjuring up a key to all the Jungian archetypes,  buried imaginings, and aimless excursions into the unconscious.  Each album  she's put out seems to come closer to a distillation of music--folk, rock,  blues, grunge.  As for the writer who can't see the essential beauty of  Moon Pix, who thinks Chan must be sleeping with some record exec to receive  such praise from all quarters, let's cut him a break.  He's more to be  pitied than censured.
6305064490|5.0|This is one of my all-time favourite movies. James Stewart has to be actor of the century, nay the millennium. This film among others show how brilliant an actor he was. Forget the insincere stagy performances of Tom  Hanks, sit down and watch an actor who makes you believe in the characters  he played. Every moment, every performance in this film is a positive gem.  No other film has moved me the way this film continues to move me. It has  humour and pathos, all carefully and expertly mixed. Perhaps the closest  thing to a perfect film?<br />On the down side this DVD transfer is not  perfect, there is noticeable pixelation in some scenes, especially where  there are shadows - there is a noticeable shimmering in the background.  Other than that its a fine print of a wonderful film.
078401020X|5.0|If you're into mind games, this is a treat for you.  This movie drives you nuts in figuring out who's the killer with the ice pick.  This is a movie comeback for Michael Douglas in the streets of San Francisco who plays a  SFPD detective in solving the crimes.  The movie sparks up with Sharon  Stone, who starred her first major role as a writer, who was accused for  the crimes.  igniting with passion, deceit and manipulation, this is a  movie for adult viewers only.  If you're seriously into mind games,  I also  recommend  Final Analysis with Kim Basinger &amp; Richard Gere. The DVD is  also out.
6305265488|4.0|Not since the original 1950 Disney version have I seen such an idealistic retelling of the greatest fairy tale ever written. Drew Barrymore is well-cast as the independent, free-thinking (if not unmistakenly feminist)  Danielle, Dougray Scott is a fresh and appealing Prince Charming (here  known as Henry), Patrick Godfrey is loveable as Leonardo da Vinci (an  unexpected &quot;fairy godmother&quot;), Anjelica Huston in the role she  was born to play is the most promising wicked stepmother yet seen in any  medium of entertainment, Melanie Lynksey prevents the possibility of a trio  of villains as the kind and loving stepsister Jaqueline, while Megan Dodds  draws more hatred from the audience than Huston's stepmother as the wicked  (and extremely spoiled) stepsister Marguerite. The scrpit is purposely  updated so as to shed light on the subjects of feminism and the rights of  servants. All in all, the cast is splendid, the script is fresh and the  lavish costumes and elaborate sets make for an all around enjoyment of  everyone's favorite fairy tale. Hooray for Cinderella!
B00000AOUD|4.0|&quot;Thick as a Brick&quot; is one song.  With an amazing variety of moods and textures from lilting baroque/classical passages to screaming electric guitar, grinding B-3 organ, and thunderous rhythm.  I was lucky  enough to see Jethro and his band (ha-ha!) back in '72, shortly after this  album was released.  Obviously it was the first song they did.  The album  runs 43-45 minutes; they embellished it a lot in the concert with music AND  DRAMA! - and it lasted well over an hour.  Ian Anderson was man possessed -  standing on one foot, leading the band with his flute, flying around the  stage.  At the end of the song, a huge standing ovation, and Ian saying,  &quot;Thank you.  For our second number.....&quot;  He was drowned out by  another huge wave of applause.  Ah, what a fond memory.  (I was weeping...  I was sad that the song had ended so soon!) Jethro Tull remains one of the  best rock bands of all time, and this is my second-favorite album (Benefit  is #1; currently out of print).
0790729628|5.0|This is a film which requires its audience to think. If you like your films with simple plots, gung ho action, witty repartee, loads of one-liners then forget this one. This film requires an understanding of  human nature, an understanding of the world around you and the imagination  and intellect to fully appreciate the nuances of the film. From Harrison  Ford's 2body language&quot; character through to probably Rutger Hauer's  most stunning performance this film outclasses and outstrips anything  before it. It has yet to be equaled in intelligence and its ability to be  thought provoking. <br />The film portrays both the decaying Earth and the  decay of its inhabitants. The irony of &quot;machines&quot; seeking  humanity while humans lose their humanity is only one of the many subtle  ideas throughout the film.<br />My only complaint is the number of people who  talk about the ending but miss the point. This is one to sit in a bar and  discuss for hours on end. So take my advice and think your way through this  film.<br />On the negative side the DVD is disappointing because of the lack  of features. I would have thought this would have been the perfect  opportunity to place both versions side by side. In spite of all the  publicity the original is no less valid.
B000002OR4|5.0|John Williams is a genius.  This soundtrack is is haunting and beautiful at the same time.
6300151379|5.0|I saw this film in the theater... 4 times.  I loved it then, I love it now.  My wife is due in Dec. and I would love to have a copy of this Henson Classic for my child to enjoy.  I was a high school freshman and movie  opened my eyes to the world beyond Star Wars and Star Trek.  This is a  great movie for everbody who enjoys movies, has a heart, and an  imagination... and if you feel like dancing, well, it doesn't hurt either.   Oh, btw, the Bog of Eternal Stench rules!!!
6300183211|5.0|This movie is easily the greatest movie I have ever seen and it never gets old.  It Pacino at his best.
B00000I8NC|5.0|It's very difficult to put words to this. All I can say is that civilisation ended all of a sudden, they'd have to play this at its funeral. Genuinely amazing music.
0684867621|5.0|I loved this book.  It didn't take long to read and I devoured every word.  At first the book appears deceptively simple--a spunky little girl lost in the woods, but King uses this twisted nature tome to explore the very  nature of God.  I would have bawled like a kid after reading the last scene  if I hadn't been on my way to a dinner date and hadn't wanted to mess up my  make-up.
0375707972|2.0|Fortunately you can finish this book in a couple of hours.  If I'd had to spend more time on it I would have been VERY disappointed.  It was an o.k. book but nothing to talk about.  I won't be urging anyone I know to read  it.  I had been looking forward to reading it as the conversations about it  on &quot;Oprah&quot; were interesting...much more so than the book!
6300183211|5.0|This movie is easily the greatest movie I have ever seen and it never gets old.  It Pacchino at his best.
0201626632|4.0|The two most important messages in this book are: 1. In your postdoc, make sure you finish something! 2. How to get your conditions in writing without implying that your new employer is dishonest...
0783233477|4.0|Well, Brad Pitt shows remarkable depth for being the guy who went on Oprah and said his favorite candy is Twizzlers!  I don't know one female who didn't leave that theatre crying or at least ready to call their dads  immediately!  He was incredibly touching and true in this role.  Good  choice, Brad...
0670858048|5.0|My friend recently brought this book to school.  She got it off of here.  I loved it! Your always wondering what you'll find next.  This book is definitley a &quot;page turner&quot; and thats what people like the  best.<br />P.S. I'm 13 and I loved it so take away that 6-8 age limit because  your losing ALOT of customers!
0375405208|4.0|From the first chapter till the last, Ken Follett presents the reader with a somewhat frightening and very plausible scenario of a sixties leftover determined to preserve the commune lifestyle to which he has become  accustomed.  Priest, the central character, is the commune founder and  chief protector.  When a power plant plans to dam the valley on which the  'secret' commune resides, Priest will stop at nothing to assure its  continued existence.  With the aid of a siesmologist, also a member of the  commune, a plan arises in which manually produced earth-quakes will be used  as a tool to force the authorities to stop the construction of the dam.  Priest uses anything at his disposal to accomplish his task, from murder to  mayheim.  Follett never allows the reader to sleep, a true page-turner from  beginning to end.
B000002UB6|5.0|After listening to this album over 100 times, I have not only NOT grown tired of it, I have developed a deeper appreciation for the Fab 4's talents! This has got to be one of the greatest albums of all time!
B00000I8BX|5.0|This cd was the first i ever heard of Fear Factory, and i was totally amazed by it. my friend and i skipped gym class and listened to it in the locker room and it has to be one of the best cd's ever made. i bought  obsolete very soon after that only to find that they'd released a digipack  with bonus tracks. i went out and bought it right away and i love it even  more! i'll never have a better cd in my collection. my band has modeled our  style after Fear Factory's bonecrushing style, with the crushing guitar  riffs and roaring vocals it just doesn't get better. i can't wait to get  some $ so i can buy all their other albums!
B000000W3G|5.0|The smashing pumpkins present us with 5 singles each of which would justify individual purchases. Somehow this box set is more than the sum of its parts, much as each song is more than one can quantify. Of special  interest are the grabs of sound in Pastichio Medley, caught like  strobelight visions on the dance floor. Have fun. (they obviously did)
B000002IGP|4.0|Anyone who thinks this is a &quot;poser band&quot; or &quot;glam band&quot; really doesn't understand metal music or it's birth.  Ratt, and specifically Out of the Cellar, represent the real birth of metal hitting  mainstream in mid-1987.  For those who have just heard it in 1999, listen  and learn.  From the beat to the guitar solos, this is the first real metal  album to crack &quot;top 40&quot; as it WAS known.  A definite must-have.
0767817729|5.0|This movie is deep. I'm not normally the type of person who weeps over tragic endings but the end of \\"Revenge\\" actually moved me so much that I cried.  I really did expect the normal \\"happily ever\\" ending like in most  movies. I found myself getting really emotionally involved. You can  identify with the way the two main characters feel about each other even  though they know that by falling in love they are betraying Tibby.   Stowe  and Cosner are superb I usually find Cosner as bit deadpan but he's  excellent as Jay. Stowe's beauty and lovely tender brown eyes help add to  the sad, tragic quality of the character she's portraying. People who find  romances corny will still be able to watch the movie because there's alot  more to it than \\"boy meets girl\\". If you are a hopeless romantic you'll  enjoy the movie but get your tissues out first.
B000000993|5.0|This is an AMAZING CD, the songs, the beats, the lyrics, the band, the entire thing will leave you in a lull of blissful harmony and then, and raging ball of fury. Maynard is wonderful as he expresses the full force of  his awesome treachea. Buy this CD, and you will never look at music the  same. If you like rock at all, this will be essential to your collection.
0446364495|2.0|The Fridges of Madison County was laughably simple. This book is simply laughable.
B000003337|5.0|I don't care if the sound quality is not as great as recordings are today. I don't care about top of the line lyrics. I care about one of the greatest guitarists ever to live- Randy Rhoads. These early works with Quiet Riot  reflect later acheivements he reached with my other idol- Ozzy Osbourne,  it's a shame that he died so early in his life when there was so much more  he could have shared with us, this album as well as &quot;The Blizzard of  Ozz&quot;, &quot;Diary of a Madman&quot; and &quot;Tribute&quot; (by Ozzy)  are true classics as well as Randys only professional works available on  albums. Blizzard of Ozz was not only a turning point in Ozzys' life and  musical career, but it also contains some of his and Randys' best known  work together such as Crazy Train, Mr. Crowley, Goodbye to Romance and the  controversial Suicide Solution. Long live the King.
0783229887|2.0|I saw &quot;Bride of Chucky&quot; in its first theatrical weekend with the hope of another in-your-face, blood-curdling, and devilishly funny romp with Hollywood's most notorious plastic boy.  Unfortunately, I think that  Chucky lost a little bit of his edge in this installment, and the story's  continuity with the three previous films is quite bad.  For instance,  Chucky was dismembered beyond any chance of repair at the end of  &quot;Child's Play 3&quot;.  That film and &quot;Child's Play 2&quot; had  at least some plausibility in rebuilding Chucky a new body from his old,  possessed, damaged body parts every time.  The producers must have thought  that the audience would be too dim to point this fact out, so there was no  harm in his remains &quot;just happening&quot; to be in police custody only  to have Tiffany (Jennifer Tilly) pilfer them and sew our little guy back up  for another fun rampage.  Why Universal waited 7 years after &quot;Child's  Play 3&quot; to make &quot;Bride of Chucky&quot; just goes to show that the  studio may have caught a bad case of financial cupidity in 1998.  However,  Brad Dourif mentioned in a few interviews that he would always be pumped to  keep speaking for Chucky, even if the stories do become terribly  silly.<br />Sure enough, silly is pretty much the right word for BOC.  It was  interesting to have the possessed Tiffany doll thrown in as Chucky's  counterpart, but I think she just cramped his murderous lifestyle with more  lover's quarrels than in allowing their body count to pile up.  And...what  about poor Andy?! It's just not the same without him being pitted against  Chucky's lethal antics and dark humor.  In my opinion, the only things that  spare BOC from a one-star thrashing are more of Chucky's sardonically  vulgar anectdotes and for the guys, a very alluring, patent leather-clad  Jennifer Tilly as the Chuckster's long-lost vixen girlfriend (before she  turns into a Bad Girl Barbie).<br />For the die-hard &quot;Child'sPlay&quot;  fans, you should at least see BOC for the sake of Chucky saga.  However,  don't get your hopes up too high since this is a Chucky sequel in name  only.  The first three films are truly the best for anyone to see.  The  Play Pal factory sequences always steal the show in &quot;Child's Play  2&quot;; that installment is my personal favorite.
0792151712|1.0|I really hated this movie!I like the old version of the titanic.The iceberg wasn't even real.I really thought this movie was stupid.
0783233477|2.0|While it was a very entertaining and well acted movie, it was far too long. The last half hour is drawn out, which made the film loose its charm with me.
6305262063|4.0|The movie is not for the shoot'em up, crash bang crowd. While watching the movie I felt that we were seeing the dirty underbelly of espionage.<br />Frankenheimer did a great job a creating the look and feel of  dangerous professionals going about their jobs in the shadows of  society.<br />From the beginning Deniro paints a great picture of a cautious  professional spy that has lived a long time and plans on living  longer.<br />There are some good twists in the movie. And overall the acting  was excellent especially Deniro and Reno.<br />For fans of good storytelling  or espionage buffs this is a can't miss!
B00000IGGA|5.0|Good ol' Tom eases your mind and binds you tight to that Lazy-boy of yours. Best listened with a glass of brandy stirred with a nail.
0805017305|5.0|Wow! As a Brit., I will never let another American preach to me about the evils of colonialism &amp; prejudice. Compare the plight of the Canadian Indians with that of the US Indians &amp; one can clearly see the blackest  offenders. This book traces a shabby heritage of Americans practicing  genocide, largely on the basis of what the 19th century whites believed was  their &quot;divine right&quot; to own a whole continent. A book that's well  written, thoughtful, exciting, shocking, shameful &amp; very highly  recommended.
B00000255F|5.0|Truly, what can I say?  There are many reviews and I'm sure that they can say all and more of what I can.  What I really have to say is that if you are a fan of Bruce from Born In The USA, be prepared.  This album is very  different than BITUSA.  More upbeat and all.  I am not telling you to not  get this album.  BY ALL MEANS, GET THIS YOU WON'T REGRET IT!!!!!!!!!  But,  be ready to listen to it again.  It takes a while to catch (did for me  anyway).  When it does, though, you'll be listening to Thunder Road and  Night repeatedly.  Enjoy!
6305169187|5.0|I saw ARMAGEDDON and I have to say having seen DEEP IMPACT I almost was worried it would be another sap story how wrong I was. I mean BRUCE WILLIS, BEN AFFLICK and LIV TYLER are great in thier respective roles as they deal  with this incoming danger how big is this danger I won't say but you'll be  suprised for sure. Also the special effects in this film are wasome as well  how awsome I won't say just watch and find out. Also does earth survive  this threat and do WILLIS and CO succeed in thier mission I won't say but  it will keep you on the edge of your seat that's for sure. This movie I  felt was a lot better than sitting through 3 hours of JACK, ROSE, ROSE,  JACK, ETC. I won't say where I got that from but I'll let you guess. Anway  see ARMAGEDDON and have a blast I know I did.
0393038912|1.0|So Diamond tells us that some societies (i.e., European) advanced further than others (i.e.,  Native American, Asian, African,etc.) because they, the Europeans, became involved in farming sooner and thereby developed cohesive  societies sooner.  What's more these European societies also defeated other  peoples by bringing diseases with them.  I think Diamond, a physiologist.  is out of his depth.  Why did Britain conquer India?  Indians were  certainly more resistant to diseases in India.  And during the Indian  Mutiny they had rifles and cannon just like the outnumbered British.  The  Spanish conquistadors defeated the Aztecs and Incas from the very first  contact, long before disease played any role.  Agriculture began in  Mesopotamia long before it began in Europe.  The Mongols conquered China  and half of Europe and they were a nomadic, non-agricultural people.  African tribal societies had farming and domesticated animals for centuries  before the Europeans arrived. I could go on.  Diamond's book is full of  holes.  Whether we should discuss colonial conquest on a moral plane is  another matter, but Europeans and by extension the United States achieved  dominance through other reasons than just having the right plants and  grasses.
B0000024YL|5.0|uh...hello. &quot;Bridge Over Troubled Water&quot; is NOT live. The applause from &quot;Homeward Bound&quot; leaks into the beginning. Do you hear any applause at the end of &quot;Bridge...&quot;? No! Anyway, about  the music. The best &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; album I've heard. Although,  S&amp;G aren't my all time fav band, MAN this is one great CD. The live  recording of &quot;For Emily, Whenever I May Find Her&quot; is one the most  haunting, beautiful and chilling songs they've ever done. The studio  version acually doesn't do a thing for me. Lighten up folks. You gotta  admit this CD rules
6300213803|4.0|This is the only star Trek movie or episode you need to see.  It captures perfectly what fans loved about the character &quot;James T. Kirk&quot;.<br />BTW:  I NEED a DVD version for my collection.  So cut one  already!
0060273224|5.0|If you've read the plot description-- which is something like &quot;Sabriel travels to the Old Kingdom to rescue her necromancer father from the Land of the Dead&quot;-- you might think that this is a pretty  junky horror-fantasy novel.  Trust me, it's not!  Yes, it's got un-dead  monsters and things like that, but when you're into the story you're  totally believing it and you don't stop for even one moment and say,  &quot;Wow, this is so trashy.&quot;  Instead, the story is very beautiful  and believable.  Unlike many books, I could really feel the danger of the  situations and I even felt afraid for the characters. This book looks long,  but it moves very quickly.  The unusual mix of technology and magic reminds  me of Philip Pullman's &quot;The Golden Compass&quot;, but other than that  I don't see why everyone compares these two books.  They're not similar in  any other ways I can think of, but I would say that if you liked The Golden  Compass, read Sabriel, and vice versa.  I thought TGC was much better in  fact, but Sabriel was still great.  I really liked Sabriel as a character,  and I loved the idea of the necromancer's bells-- brilliant!  The cover art  by Leo and Diane Dillon is beautiful. I hope Garth Nix is planning to write  a sequel, or at least another book set in this world-- something like  Tamora Pierce's Wild Magic series, which are a different story but let you  know what happened to Alanna.  It could be Sabriel's daughter, a future  Abhorsen?  It seems like some things were left undone.  They never went  back and saved those children, or helped the fishing village.  Did they?  Recommended for ages 13- up, especially girls.  I am 15. PS.  No, my e-mail  address is not varied from Sabriel's name.  I chose it before I read this  book.
0780622553|3.0|I saw this one at the theater, and while I enjoyed it, I didn't feel like I'd seen a particularly good movie as I left.  Maybe it's just my opinion, but special effects aside, I thought this one was pretty empty.
B000000P11|5.0|If there is one ingredient in the Chameleons music - it's emotion. Every track, every note, every lyric is filled with passion and heart-wrenching feelings - joy, sorrow, fear, hope. I first listened to this album as a  college freshman and the music helped me through a difficult year. I have  been listening to the Chameleons music ever since, obtaining practically  everything they have ever released. Songs like &quot;Swamp Thing&quot;,  &quot;Soul In Isolation&quot;, &quot;Caution&quot;, &quot;Childhood&quot;  and &quot;Tears&quot; leave such an impact it's difficult to recover. The  route this album takes is from confusion, despair, loneliness to maturity,  remembrance, and hope, most of all hope, as in the final lyrics that Mark  Burgess sings in &quot;Childhood&quot; attest: &quot;I hope we'll both be  very, very, very, very, very, very happy...&quot;. This is a tremendous,  spectacular album - unforgettable in every respect.
0790736314|5.0|I am 47 years old, and to this day i cannot watch this movie again. I saw it 23 years ago with my husband at a drive in, and I was 8 months pregnant at the time. Wrong thing to do!  I had to sleep with the lights on for 2  weeks! Scary Movie!
B00000AFGM|5.0|Marilyn Manson has received great ridicule for his music and his shows. I have only recently spent time listening to his music and I saw his show in San Francisco this year. Great show. I really am not too concerned with his  detractors or his supporters. I do think Marilyn Manson is very  intelligent. The lyrics in his songs prove this, in my opinion, regardless  of whether you agree with them or not. They have substance and meaning and  have come from a person who has wisdom. I think Marilyn takes a lot of heat  because parents, priests, and the like, realize their jobs become harder  with people like Manson in the world and they don't trust themselves and  their ability to reach their children. We must all remember that we can who  we want to be as long as we do not hurt others.
B000002UCQ|5.0|I must admit it took me several tries to make it through the whole album (it was released on 3 lps!). But once I took the whole thing in, I was blown away! George Harrison didn't really become a songwriter/composer  until the White Album, but by the time the Beatles broke up and George made  ATMP, he had surpassed Lennon and McCartney. And this album proves it. It  can easily hold a candle to Abbey Road and The White Album, and it eclipses  every other solo Beatle album. It might even be better than any Beatle  album. Actually, IT IS better than any Beatles album! THIS IS THE BEST  ALBUM EVER MADE A BEATLE! You gotta love the jams with Derek and the  Dominoes at the end. &quot;Wah-Wah&quot;, &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot;,  &quot;Let It Roll&quot;, &quot;I Dig Love&quot;,&quot;Isn't It A  Pity&quot;...come on! The music never ends! And its great!!!      I  recommend this to any Beatle fan, any music lover, anybody with ears!
B000006GDB|4.0|Dario Argento's second installment in the (as yet unfinished) three mothers trilogy. It takes place in the same hyper, dream logic, over saturated color world first introduced in Suspiria. Argento plays the same  games with space and time as H.P. Lovecraft does in some of his short  stories. By merely opening doors or turning corners, characters move from  recognizable worlds of physical normalcy into screaming nightmare worlds  that defy both logic and physical reality. A truly wonderful movie that  should not be missed by any fan of the bizarre. Hopefully a widescreen  version will be released soon. (Hint Hint)
0871137380|5.0|the author takes you from a 5 minute news report on cnn to a 300plus page novel. the american bodies being dragged down the dirty streets weren't human to me when i watched it on the news. the book tells the story of  these men being dragged down the street. you begin to realize these men  have names, they have families, they are men of valor. you realize that  these men are the true american heroes of our nation. the story was so  gripping i read about 50 pages while taking a trip in the family van. i  don't usually read books while travelling. the story was so heartbreaking  that i had to put it away for about a week before i could continue
0671004107|5.0|Two years ago, when I saw Robert Zemeckis' film Contact, I was surprised, for that was the first movie that really made me think. It's now one of my all-time favorite movie. Then, I read a portuguese translated version of  the book. It's impossible to describe how you'll feel after reading it.  It's a feeling of wonder that only this book and the movie have. I was 15  then. Now I'm 17, and I'm waiting the delivery of the paperback I bought.  Again, I'll feel the wonder of Contact. (just read it!)
B0000024RZ|5.0|As good as the genre of folk &quot;protest song&quot; music is ever gonna get. One can see why Dylan was fed up with the dead end trap that the whiney, preachy, self-righteous folkies (&quot;politically correct&quot;  before the term was coined) were pushing him into. Dylan was and has NEVER  been a &quot;protest singer,&quot; He is an observer of the deepest aspects  of the human condition and a chronicler of his observations. Until this is  understood, you will never understand why the P.C. folkies hated him so  much for his surreastic rock-and roll &quot;apostasy&quot; which followed  after this. Dylan knew instinctively that the human condition is beyond  purely political remedies and that &quot;protesting&quot; is as committed  and useful in the long run as Hollywood wearing a red ribbon on its tux.  Dylan to the &quot;folkies&quot;: &quot;get really real or piss off--I'm  not gonna be your poster boy anymore, I'm not gonna tow your line anymore,  I `ain't gonna work on Maggies farm no more.'&quot;
0871137380|5.0|What a great book, no fiction writer could make this up.  If anyone have told me a couple of years ago he or she was going to write a book about the battle in Somalia, I would have laughed and wrote it off.<br />Boy, I would  have been wrong.<br />This is a very engaging book, methodical, and caring.  The author did an excellent job representing all sides of the conflict in  an engaging manner.  One could tell he did a tremendous amount of research,  and most important, he did not relay on dry military reports, but  interviewed all involved.  This is also a fascinating look at the life of  the soldiers, the conflicts between the different units, and represents the  views of the commanders, ground troops, and pilots.<br />I would just like to  say that he did do justice to all involved, we need more books like that.  Also, don't forget to read the notes at the end of the book for more  insights.
B000002KMV|3.0|Although I bought this along with Prince, it was Contoversey that I listened to more. Side one of the album is truly excellent (who can resist the sexy &quot;Do Me, Baby&quot;). Side two tones down a bit, but has an  odd feeling that makes you want to come back for more. When compared to  later work such as Purple Rain this album may fall short, but on its' own  this album rocks.
B00000IFWE|2.0|Budweiser should get a writing credit on this album.  I would love to know how may beers T.P. had during the writing/recording of this mess.  A fantastic wordsmith/composer has fallen into generic lines such as  &quot;You've got a pretty face...you've got a pretty face...but it's such a  waste&quot;?  What the heck is that?  It sounds like a line my 8 year old  brother wrote in his 4th grade english class.<br />I love T.P.  I really do.   He's fun to drive to.  But, good God....if someone has the licence plate  number of the aliens who stole his brain, please send all information to:  Tom Petty Brain Search  c/o Lester Cromwell  1330 4th St.  Santa Monica, CA   90401.
0345350499|5.0|I'm a fan of Sherri S. Tepper and Tad Williams. Someone mentioned that &quot;Mists of Avalon&quot; would be the best of both worlds: a long, detailed story with an amazing scope and amazing characters, and a feminist  theme to carry it along. Just so you know, I read it ignorant of all the  hype. I was skeptical of the &quot;3 Months on the New York Times Best  Seller List!&quot; sticker on the front. Round about chapter 18 I was  joking with my husband that it stayed on the list that long only because  that's how long it takes to READ the blasted thing. Needless to say, I  wandered to a stop before I reached chapter 20. I never even made it  halfway.<br />Writing: Dull, lifeless, unevocative, boring.<br />Characters:  Unpredictable, poorly motivated.<br />Story: Nothing good to say. (I don't  know the original Arthurian legend from a Beatrix Potter tale. Maybe that  would have helped me.)<br />Feminist theme: Excellent in terms of spotlighting  how the men treat the women and what men's expectations of women are. Poor  for the trite depiction of the priestesses and the constant ridiculously  over-dramatic references to the Goddess. (Elizabeth Hand plays a better  song with &quot;Waking the Moon&quot; -- go try that one.)<br />Religious  Theme: Christians = bad. Got it.<br />Despite the fact this book was a waste  of my time, it obviously wasn't a waste of time for a thousand others.  (Check out the reviews here. Can you believe it?) So I'll moderate my  thumbs-down with an acknowledgement that this book has impressed and  entertained many people, and that counts for something. (Right?)
B000000WCA|5.0|SPICE GIRLS ARE THE GREATEST SINGING GROUP EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THEY'RE GREAT WRITERS , THEY'RE GREAT SINGERS , AND THEY'RE GREAT PERFORMERS. THEY'VE RISEN ABOVE ALL THE  INCORRECT NONSENCE ABOUT THEM BEING MANUFACTURED , AND HAVE SHOWN THEMSELFS  TO BE TRUE FORCE IN THE MUSIC INDUSTRY. LONG LIVE  SCARY , BABY, GINGER  ,POSH AND SPORTY. OTHERWISE KNOWN AS THE GREATEST GPOUP ON THE PLANET  ,  SPICE GIRLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0671015206|5.0|I'm a 30-year-old female who's been working HARD for eight years, but (sadly) has little -- if anything -- in the way of savings, to show for it....      I'd always thought that &quot;financial health&quot; began and  ended with the ability to pay one's bills, nothing more. Like so many  people I know, I'd always spend my weekly paycheck down to zero....    Then  I read one of the examples in this book, about a financially stuggling  couple who smoked three or so packs of cigarettes a day, over a forty-year  period.... And how much $$$ they'd be worth today (well over over $1  million dollars) if they'd taken JUST THEIR CIGARETTE MONEY (no other cash)  and invested it in the tobacco company that manufactured their smokes....    If we all adopted this &quot;PAY YOURSELF FIRST&quot; philosophy, we'd be  much, much better off... as families, and as a nation.   Get this book (and  eat your fruits &amp; veges), and you'll have a much happier future....
B00000DLVA|5.0|When I first listened to this CD, I was blown away. It sounded nothing like &quot;First Band..&quot;. They totally changed their sound for this CD and it is one of the best CD's I've heard in a long time.
6305229449|2.0|Below is a copy of my email to Disney......<br />Dear Disney,  I am  writing to you, in response to your movie, &quot;Mulan&quot;.  After  hearing how wonderful the movie is by several friends and co-workers, I  decided to purchase it, and watch it.  Prior to watching Mulan, I have  always loved  all of the movies Disney has released in the past,  many were  unforgetable, and very well writen, both loved by adults and children as  well, with very well researched and written scripts to always have a  meaning to both adults and children.  After watching Mulan, I was very  disappointed with the directors, and disappointed to find out that the   directors, Tony Bancroft and Barry Cook,  had no direction at all as to  what &quot;chinese&quot; and &quot;japanese&quot; are, and did not care  enough to even research just a little bit before releasing such a movie, to  be seen by millions. I am almost positive that they had at least eaten at a  chinese and japanese restaurant for that matter, and should find that the  foods taste quite different, and that the language and culture also very   different.   I have to say being chinese myself, having been born in  Hong Kong, yet raised in San Francisco since I was 2 years old, I consider  myself to be a native San Franicscan.  Although, I was fortunate enough to  have been able to learn the language and my culture from my parents, I use  to be ashamed of the fact that I was able to speak and understand chinese,  for all my friends were not, and I did not want to be laughed at or assumed  to be different than everyone else.  After growing up, and having children  of my own, did I appreciate the fact that I was chinese/american and have  always been so ever since.  I try to instill what I believe in my children,  and hope that one day they too will be proud to be chinese and would like  to learn more of their history as they grow up.  My children are 13 and 11,  both boys, and I was proud of the fact that they were able to clearlysee  the wrong interpretations of chinese culture that you displayed in your  movie.  By the way I am only 32, and have never really cared enough about  the chinese culture to take a stand, for even in school, everyone is busy  learning about the history of the United States, I was hoping others would  also see what my friends and I saw.  After reading the reviews from  Amazon.com from many viewers whom also saw the movie, I was quite apalled  that some of them were chinese also, and yet couldn't tell the difference.  I took it as an  insult to me and my family, almost mocking the chinese  people that they are ignorant and wouldn'g know the difference, while  actually  Disney was ignorant to release such a movie. I am sorry to say,  that in the San Francisco Bay Area, the chinese people are not the minority  here, but quite the oposite.  We are now a growing poopulation, and  considered almost the majority, you will see it in the politicians, head  executives, children ratios in school, city hall, and especially in silicon  valley.  You should be more aware of your surroundings, for I would not be  surprised to find that one day, maybe someone of the chinese descent might  very well run Disney.  I apppoligize for the harshness in my writing,  but I must say that the clearly mistaken difference between chinese and  japanese, are vividly apparent in your picture, although the story was  wonderful and touching, I believe Disney must have been mislead by someone  on the staff as to the culture of the chinese people.  I am sorry, but  there is a big difference, not to mention, Japan and China are still   thousands of miles away from each other to the best of my knowledge, and  the language clearly different, and the clothing worn and ways of life also  different, not to mention that chinese names and japanese names are clearly  different.  As you probably could guess  what I am getting at,  the movie  Mulan was suppose to be about China, and not Japan.  Although, all the  names were chinese, and the language spoken was chinese, that was ALL that  was chinese.  The wardrobe, the way of dress, (clearly japanese), the  sitting down and drinking tea on the floor, (clearly japanese culture), and  even the flags chosen must have been a hit and miss.  Unfortunately for  you, it was a miss, the director did not even notice that that was not the  china flag. Ironically, the movie is about honor is it not?  Please  forgive me, but after seeing the movie, I hope that more chinese people  would feel as strongly as I do, for chinese people feel strongly about  respect, respect for others as well as elders.  I myself and many others  have respect for the United States as being a melting pot, and have  respected the american way of living, and caring enough to learn the  English language and culture of many different nationalities, for that is  what makes the people special for being different in their own ways as  individuals and as a whole. A good example is that I have owned japanese,  american and german cars, although I am not ignorant to the fact they they  are made in Japan, America and Germany, every one of them different in  their own ways. I am sure when you got your cars, you got what you expected  and hopefully made where they said they were made, and not just an emblem  put on a different car.  I am very proud to be chinese american, and  very proud to be living in the United States, but you must not deny me of  my passionate feelings for my culture. I was always taught to respect  others.  I would very much like a response to my email, or at the least  the acknowledgement that my email was at least received and read, and maybe  to hear what the comments of others are.  I would be very curious to see if  it makes any sense at all to Disney, that maybe next time they should be a  little more caring and take a little more pride in their work, so as not to  be put in an embarassing situation again
0792152328|5.0|Titanic is an unbelievable experience, and James Cameron is a phenomenon. From the start to the tearjerker ending (with the most amazing uncut sequence I've ever seen), this movie will not let you go. The acting is  very good (Kate Winslet and Billy Zane come to mind), the story is well  written, and the effects...well, it's Cameron, what do you expect? Five big  stars here. I've read other reviews that pan this movie, but those people  probably never saw the movie. Read Roger Ebert's review on the Chicago Sun  Times site for a real review from the best in the business. He knows what  he is talking about.
0684867621|5.0|A home run from SK! Although only 221 pages long, it held me completely captivated, and at the end, I didn't just cry - I wept! from what I won't say, not wanting to spoil it for anyone. On the first page (hell, on the  back of the dust jacket) Trisha and her mother and brother pull into a  parking lot, about to go hiking in the Appalachians. Immediately - since I  live in San Francisco - I pictured the parking lot in Muir Woods, starting  point for a hike through the redwoods. This wouldn't do! I knew that if I  started down that path (har, har) I would never be able to shake the image  of a story set in California, with the Pacific just over the next bend, so  had to put the book down and close my eyes until I could envision the scene  as SK described it - not on the West Coast but on the East Coast. I finally  had an image firmly in mind, and I was off! The story was captivating, the  characters real. I didn't want to eat, didn't want to sleep, even ending up  taping 'Peter Jenning's The Century' for later watching, and stayed up past  my bedtime, but it was well worth it. This story is so brilliant on so many  levels, and yet from the reviews I've read in major publications (the SF  Chronicle comes to mind) most people will not pick it up, dismissing it  instead as just another monster story from that hack, Stephen King. I pity  them - they are missing out on a rare treat: a totally engrossing and  deeply satisfying reading experience. Thank you, Mr. King for letting me  spend a few wonderful hours with you.
0451196716|5.0|I think this a well written detailed book. It had a great ending. I'd reccomend this book to almost anyone who loves horror stories.
B0000025L8|4.0|I realize that many critics have repeatedly condemned the album for being too long and being indulgent, but that's the greatness of the Clash.  True, LONDON CALLING is a better album becuase it does not go too far, and  SANDINISTA! would have been better if it was made a long double album,  instead of a triple, but there's something for everyone.  There's nice  soul-pop (&quot;Hitsville UK&quot;), funk (&quot;Lightning Strikes&quot;),   gospel (&quot;The Sound of the Sinners&quot;), jazz (a cover of &quot;Look  Here&quot;), and many other genres, including many dub/reggae-ish tracks.   It does get bad at points on sides 5 &amp; 6 (comprising the last 12 songs  on cd2), but the fact that the band is still doing these experiments show  their musical spirit and greatness:  they don't want to be complacent like  a lot of other rock bands.  Besides, for a 144-minute 2-disc set, you can  get this for under $24 most of the time.  A lot of 2-disc sets just over  the time limit (THE WALL, etc.) will cost you about $30.
6304383827|1.0|What an agonnzing film. THis could have been a good film but Paltrows one note preformance does the film in. She is a terriable actress who showed little talent here and even less( And this is possialbe the worst  preofrmance i have ever seen) in her oscar winning one. the rest of the  cast is good but she is just awfull. Platrow should sotp embarrsingother  young actress whit what she calls acting.
B000002KNY|5.0|Easily the band's strangest album, this is devoted to songs about topics that Mr. Byrne is in fear of.  Things like &quot;Animals&quot;, war, &quot;Drugs&quot;, as well as other things.  While the paranoia may be a  bit too much for some and the production too dense for others, it still  results in one of the bands greatest albums.  &quot;Air&quot; and  &quot;Heaven&quot; are two of the group's finest pop tunes, &quot;Life  During Wartime&quot; a great single, and &quot;Animals&quot; is  hilarious.   At the same time, though, you are truly afraid.
6300184064|4.0|The first half of brazil is a brillant black comedy that could have been one of the best films ever made.  It begins asa nightmenre fanstay of what our future could be. There is a lot of brillant black humor , intresting  ideals and production desgins. The second half loses lots of steam and  becomes really unintresting. It is also not as funny in the second half as  it is in the first half. Which really holds thw films down.  I wirte  reviews for the long island youth film society.
B000002UWL|5.0|The Pet Shop Boys have always had a morose undercurrent to them, but it comes out much more on this album.  The main song demonstrating this is the uncredible &quot;Being Boring&quot;, the duo's famous AIDS elegy.  The Boys  still do have a few dance songs under their belt for the album, but what is  remarkable is that they prove that they can cut back a lot of the  electronics and make a somber, quiet pop album.  I've never really warmed  to &quot;My October Symphony&quot;, but nearly all the other songs are  first rate and memorable at the least.  The album seems like an attempt to  prove themselves as craftsman, and while it could have meant a disaster,  thankfully the results negate that possibility.
6304071906|1.0|There a reason why no saw this. Becaues it is incomprenhable. It makes little sense and is poorly acted by Kristofferson. The movie reall could have cut to about twevlve seconds. Any one who liked this film is a moron  and has no sense of what good film making is either. I write Reviews for  the long Island Youth Film Society
6304675348|5.0|I love this movie!!!  It starts out with a murder, which you don't hardly see in horror movies.  It puts you in suspense from start to finish.  You don't know who done it untill the towards the end of the movie.  And you  never know who is going to get it next.  This movie keeps you guessing from  start to finish.  I strongly recomend this to everyone!  Nev Cambell was  awsome in this movie.  It's the best horror movie I've seen in along time.
6303433766|5.0|This is among one of the finest films i have ever seen but cant describe. THe film manages to caputre the realism of being a young teenagers, with al their insceruties. The films realism, combined with brillant preformances  froms it two leads and the combination of reality and fatasay makes this an  incrediable films to watch. It is also unsettling in the love story it  creats between the two girls and what is even more brillant is the films  non explotive handling of diffcult subject matter make the film all that  better. If you see it buy it , do not rent . It a compelling film that begs  to be wathced again and again. I write review fro the long Island youth  film society
6305265496|5.0|I went to the cinima and watched it.  It was a great movie!!!  I really loved it.  I've now seen it at least 7 or 8 times already.  And I have bought the movie.  That's how much I loved it.  It's a romantic, drama,  action movie.  I highly recomend it to other viewers.  I love Drew  Barrymore.  I've seen just about all of her films.  They are also great  movies that should be checked out too.  I think everyone should see Ever  After.  I think you would really like it.
0684867621|4.0|I have been reading Stephen King for 20 years, and I am only 32.  This book is an easy, quick read and worth the effort.  It is a different direction than most of his works but it fails to completely engross the  reader.  Plus, it badly needs some editing.  Joe Castiglione is the Red  Sox' play-by-play man, Jerry Trupiano is the color man, sometimes these two  are reversed.  Also, please it is Jason VAritek, not VEritek!  Overall, it  seems like Mr. King tossed this one off in a few hours.  He's talented.
1572522089|5.0|One word:  Masterpiece.  Luckily, I was one of the few who witnessed this film on the big screen.  Though video can never replace the impact of the screen, this wide screen release does justice to Akira Kurosawa's colorful  canvas.  Truly one of the great films.
0684874350|5.0|Frank McCourt's memoir is unquestionably one of the most vivid and moving stories which I have ever read.  I have been recommending the book to anyone who will listen, which is totally uncharacteristic of me. One can  only hope that the sequel will be half as wonderful.
6301016289|5.0|I'd give the movie 3 and a half stars as a whole, but Michael Douglas' intense performance as Gordon Gekko makes it a winner.  Martin Sheen was also convincing as the blue-collar dad, but his son Charlie and Daryl  Hannah failed to impress me.  The story is intriguing and certainly  educational with regard to life in the Stock market, but Douglas'  Oscar-winning performance is by far the best thing about this movie.
0394810112|5.0|Roald Dahl's use of humor and creativity is unmatched! I miss him
B00000IFWE|5.0|When I first heard there was a new Tom Petty &amp; the Heartbreakers album on the way, I was ecstatic.  When I heard Free Girl Now, I was rockin' out.  Now that I've got and listened to the album, I'm blown away!  This is,  IMO, the best Petty album to date.  I have no other way of expressing it,  but I will say I haven't listened to anything else since I bought it.  With  a 300 CD collection, that might be a bit of a strong comment.
B000000XB9|5.0|CCR came on the scene with music deeply grown from the roots of rock. At a time Rock was being forced into more experimental venues such as &quot;acid&quot; or  &quot;psychadelic&quot;, CCR said this is where we  came from  and created a sound that was gritty, raw and true rock and roll.
6305268835|1.0|This movie is horrible!!! It is such an insult on anyone from Louisiana, and the only thing I have to say about it is sorry for anyone frome Louisiana.
0399143904|2.0|Clancy's books are often uneven, but usually they are strong overall.  When this one focuses in on the main plot halfway through, one can't help but notice that the villains are very poorly rendered.  They seem like a  hodgepodge of misguided keystone cop bad guys.  Their logic and actions are  so ridiculous that the book falls apart by the end, leaving the reflective  reader very disappointed.  If only real life terrorists and mad scientists  were this incompetent, we could all sleep safely at night.
B00004THO3|5.0|This is a work of art, so it is as beautifull / boring / uglyas the heart of a reader.
B000002AGN|5.0|I have heard &quot;take five&quot; covered by a thousand different people.  This is the original and by far the best.  The sound on the remaster is so full you feel like you are in the studio with them.  You don't have to be a  jazz lover to love this CD. This is just great music and essential  listening.
044651652X|5.0|This is a work of art, so it is as beautifull / boring / ugly as the heart of a reader.
B0000042BZ|5.0|An incredibly beautiful movie with great singers in every role.  Even the minor roles of Marullo and Ceprano are memorable.  Major roles played by Furlanetto and Wixell are incredibly powerful.  Don't miss this one.
6305127689|5.0|I agree with a previous review indicating that Paramount needs to get a clue, or rather they need to spend a few extra bucks and not be so cheap to produce better quality tapes and DVDs.  I have this on tape (widescreen)  and found the quality awful.  I rented it on DVD and was not that impressed  with it.  One way to force them to do a better job is not to buy these  versions or to write and insist that they up the quality of their work.
0553213105|5.0|What more can I say? Jane Austen does it again. Her novels are amusing, romantic and interesting, especially this one. I've read all her novels, but this one is my favourite! I simply love it!
6304675348|4.0|Ok the suspense definately ROCKS!! But Drew Barrymore is kind of stupid the way she just stands there and watches her parents coming down the driveway and don't even make an attempt to go get them.And then when they  get there she can't talk and instead of throwing that phone at them to get  ther attention, she just goes &quot;mom!!!&quot;,and  they can't even hear  her!
6300151379|5.0|I am 15 years old and I have been searching desperately for a copy of this movie.  I used to watch it all the time when I was younger, but I have not even been able to rent it.  I love this movie SO much.  It has a dynamic  plot, and a great climax.  I just wish that I could own this video for  myself.  I think that this video NEEDS to be rereleased.
B000002UJQ|5.0|What can I say that hasn't been said before about this masterpiece of an album?  When I listen to this album, I feel as if I'm touching God--and if not God, then at least some of His angels.  That might sound like extreme  melodrama, but it is so true.  Songs like &quot;Exit Music (For a  Film)&quot; have so much feeling in them--never has their been a band that  gives me this much cathartic emotion.  The final words of the song,  &quot;we hope that you choke,&quot; will haunt you.  Words can't express  how beautiful this song is.  Thom's voice will send goosebumps down your  spine on &quot;Climbing Up the Walls&quot; (&quot;fifteen blows to the back  of your head/fifteen blows to your mind&quot;). Other fantastic songs:   &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; (&quot;off with his head man!&quot;--a  brilliant shizophrenic epic only true musical geniuses could create),  &quot;Lucky&quot; (&quot;kill me Sara/kill me again/with love&quot;--one of  their greatest), &quot;Karma Police,&quot; &quot;Subterranean Homesick  Alien,&quot; &quot;Let Down,&quot; &quot;Airbag,&quot; and every other  track on this brilliant work of art.  Not since Pink Floyd's The Wall has  an album worked this well as a cohesive whole. Radiohead is so far ahead of  their time and every other artist out there right now (although I'd have to  say Beck comes in at a close second).  <br />The Bends is also masterful  (&quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot;--heavenly).  Pablo Honey is pretty good,  too (the notorious &quot;Creep&quot; is on this album; &quot;Blow Out&quot;  rocks).  And you are truly missing out if you don't collect the b-sides.   Some of their greatest works have been non-album tracks (&quot;Polythylene  (Parts 1 &amp; 2),&quot; &quot;A Reminder,&quot; &quot;Punchdrunk Lovesick  Singalong,&quot; and &quot;Talk Show Host&quot; to name a few).<br />I always  say that The Beatles, Radiohead, and Pink Floyd are the three greatest  bands of all time.  These three bands represent the pinnacle of artisticand musical expression for rock music.
B000002AS3|5.0|Slide Away, Supersonic, and Live Forever are some of the best songs ever. but that's not suprising, since Oasis is one of the best bands in the world! I mean, Noel is a genius, Liam's voice is beautiful and Bonehead,  Whitey and Guigsy are amazing. If you buy this CD, you're gonna have the  best time of your life.
B000002C1W|3.0|I consider this the Floyd's worst album.  No, this is not because I'm pi**ed off about Waters not being in the band.  I'm glad that Gilmour decided to continue without him.  Good for him.  Waters was way too  overbearing in the later years.  And after all, it was Waters' idea to go  on without Syd, just as it was David's to go on without Roger.  Tit for  tat.  I simply don't like this album because of the 80s feel to it.  The  80s was the worst decade for rock music, undoubtably--and this record shows  it.  There are also too many mediocre tracks on it.  I do like &quot;Signs  of Life&quot; and &quot;Yet Another Movie&quot; (the most Floydian tracks  on the album).  The two &quot;New Machine&quot; songs are pretty cool, too.  As far as post-Waters Pink Floyd albums go, The Division Bell is far  superior, though.
0671004611|5.0|Easy, must read for X-File viewers and those still doubting visitors for elsewhere !
B000002UR7|4.0|This album is interesting when you look at it compared to their two subsequent albums.  They evolved so much from this album to create The Bends; and then they evolved way beyond that album with OK Computer.  The  best songs are &quot;Creep&quot; (of course), &quot;Blow Out&quot; (I agree  with the reviewer who couldn't figure out why this track is not noticed  more.  This song is simply awesome.  It's the most different track on the  album, and indicates where they were going musically.), and &quot;Stop  Whispering.&quot;  &quot;Prove Yourself&quot; is pretty good, too.  Some of  the songs seem forgettable, though.  Their next two albums had no throwaway  tracks whatsoever, this one kind of does.  But still, this is a very noble  effort for a first album.
0375707972|5.0|I thought this was  an excellent, quick read on a topic I, as an American, certainly haven't pondered in great depth.  One thing that struck me most about the book was how removed Micheal is from virtually everything in his  life.  He reports on everything in a most dispassionate way - his near  fatal illness, his affair with Hannah, the trial (he doesn't even become  outraged at the ineffective assistance of her counsel), law school, his  relationship with his father, his marriage, etc. For example, look how he  went to the judge and could never bring himself to talk to the judge about  Hanna and the episode instead focuses on how the judge is just a civil  servant after all.  I would have thought that any or all of these events  would have produced more passion. Oprah continues to do a great job of  picking good books on thought provoking topics and getting Americans to  READ!
B00000DGUG|5.0|I am a highly critical and suspicious music fan. In my mind, I KNOW what is good and geuine and indicative of real talent. When Jagged Little Pill came out and it was Alanis-this and Alanis-that for two years, I dissed her  music as often as I could. I thought she was a total fabrication(not  because a lot of other people were saying, but because those Glen Ballard  ballads were a little too slick and contrived). I SWORE to everyone that I  would never so much as listen to an Alanis tune on the radio 'cause i  thought she stood for everything i hated about the entertainment industry,  i.e. plastic, manufactured emotions. But I gotta tell 'ya--this collection  of songs changed my mind. It all started when I heard &quot;Thank You&quot;  on the radio. I said, &quot;that CAN'T be Morrisette--the song sounds to  genuine.&quot; The tune hooked me so much I told myself I would buy her new  CD, just to listen to that song. To make a long story even longer, I found  this CD to be a bold and absolutely rewarding collection of songs. The  musical realms she explores here are to be commended, and so are the  questions she raises in her lyrics. I am now a proud fan of THIS album. I  think Alanis was genuine here, whereas I thought Pill was total cheese. She  now has my utmost respect. All the songs are groovy, thoughtful and  risk-taking. She's done it. Bravo, Alanis.
B000000OAA|5.0|You know, some trivia about this album is that all of the songs that weren't written by Brian May were done entirely without him.  He was ill with hepatatis, and when they completed their songs he came in and left a  solo, or did some overdubbs.  But this album is very much a Freddie Mercury  album.  Maybe the most versitile LP they put out, along with Night At The  Opera.  Freddie again sings so great on &quot;Brighton Rock&quot; &quot;Now  I'm Here&quot; &amp; &quot;In The Lap of The Gods...revisited&quot;.  This  is such a heavy album too, even the ballads like &quot;Lily of The  Valley&quot; are so powerful that it makes the other bands of 1974 all  sound like ELP.
B000002KJL|5.0|I have every Dire Straits album I know of, if I had to give them up and could keep only one, this would be that one. Each track is different from the last. The whole CD just rules, not one dud in the set!
6303369170|5.0|Lili Taylor and Faye Dunaway are terrific! One of the funniest movies I've ever seen! Trust me rent it now!!
0767812646|5.0|A most for any family that love and teach the art of play and perform
078062369X|5.0|If Norrington doesn't make a sequel, I'll devote my life to making one myself!  I liked &quot;There's Something About Mary&quot;, but Blade was my fave for 1998!  Saw it 4 times in the theatres, once on video.  For this price,  I will definitely get it from Amazon.com. Hey, Norrington!  How about a  prequel?
0553266306|5.0|This famous Jackal &quot;EL CHACAL&quot; is not an Englishmen, this character is a Venezuelan (South America). This is the real thing.. Remember Carlos &quot;EL CHACAL&quot;....
B00000IBRX|5.0|Whoever wrote the story must be a highly evolved person as revealed in this moving and beautifully told movie. Heaven and Hell are truly within our own consciousness. Love, honesty and openness are the gateways to  Heaven. Whenever we turn our backs on that, we are in Hell.
6303972810|5.0|I can't believe this isn't available for sale, I've been searching for years.  Give us a break and put in on the market!  People who haven't seen it are missing out.
078322706X|5.0|Even if you are not a Brad Pitt or Anthony Hopkins fan you have just got to love this movie.  The three hours just flew by. This movie embraces every feeling any human can possibly express. If death comes looking like  Brad Pitt, I'm ready to go!!!!!
6300151379|5.0|This is one of - if not the - most magically mastered fantasy movies ever made!  (and I realy know my fantasy movies!)       Definitely Jim Henson's masterpiece! PLEASE RE-RELEASE I WANT TO SHARE IT WITH MY KIDS!!!!!
B000002NAK|5.0|MADONNA shines in this extraordinary Movie... I always knew she had musical talent, but inever knew that she also had such a tremendous talent in acting as well. She has given nothing short of an Oscar-caliber  performance,(ALthough She was Snubbed!!!) Antonio Banderas gives a few of  great musical performances. Overall, I give this Soundtrack as well as the  Motion Picture an extatic TWO THUMBS UP!!!
B000002VTE|3.0|Jason Pierce is an interesting musician; while most of his ouput has been  mediocre, there hasn't been an album he has put out which hasn't contained at least 2 or 3 absolute masterpieces. This album is no exception. While  most of the album represents an artistic decline from his peak of Lazer  Guided Melodies, it nonetheless contains probably 2 of the best songs of  the late 90's. These songs are &quot;Ladies and Gentlemen We Are  Floating  In Space&quot; and &quot;Broken Heart&quot;. Try to find a better song than  these 2 and I guarantee you you'll come up empty. You may recognize the  first song from the Volkswagen Bug commercials, as Pierce has proven  more  than willing to sell his soul for some quick cash. Approach with caution.
630417893X|5.0|Audrey Hepburn, is &quot;Eliza&quot; who plays a character from the lower classes of English social status who mets Rex  Harrison who plays&quot;Henry Higgins&quot; a &quot;supposed&quot; gentleman of the  finest quality.  Eliza wants to learn gow to speak Engish &quot;proper  like&quot;, Henry takes her on, to mold her in his higher ways and  has a  bet with his friend that he can make people believe she is a countess.    The costumes by Givenchy are superb, and the acting by Miss Hepburn is  fantastic. It will make you laugh, cry, and is a joy to watch over and over  again, a classic!
0684867621|5.0|I have read nearly everything that Stephen King has published, and have never been disappointed. This book is closer to the genre of &quot;the body&quot; than most of his other work. Reading this book actually gave me  a new appreciation for the simple things in life. Delving into this story  and getting emotionally involved with the 9 -year -old Trisha was almost a  religious experience. After finishing the book, I felt at peace. Calm and  ready for anything. It is a wonderful read.
B000009CEM|5.0|Intensity, Brutality, Mayhem, Heaviness, Melody?  Fear Factory have done it again.  Taking what would have been simply an excellent CD, and adding melody, Fear Factory have created THE BEST HEAVY ALBUM EVER.  Everything  about this disc is amazing.  If there is only one downfall, it is the fact  that there isn't more, but never fear, the new addition digipak has 5 extra  songs!!!  4 of which (except Where Evil Dwells) are completely up to to  incredibly high standards set my this album.  BUY THIS NOW OR YOUR LIFE  WILL BE SHALLOW, EMPTY, AND UNFULFILLED.
B00000BKI4|3.0|I bought this album with enormous expectations, given that it had received countless accolades as album of the year, including from Uncut magazine, which compared its style to the lush, multilayered sound of Brian Wilson's  Pet Sounds. Buying it turned out to be a disappointment. While it has  several beautiful songs(the first track is gorgeous), as a whole it is  uneven and not nearly as artistically creative or adventurous as it has  been credited with. Also, I dont know if it's just me, but I see absolutely  no resemblance between this album and Pet Sounds. It seems nowadays that  any album using more instruments than guitar, base and drums, and being  remotely pop, is likened to Pet Sounds. Nonetheless, it is overall a good  album, but there are many other albums released in 1998 more worthy of your  disposable income. Purchase with caution.
1559949902|5.0|BEWARE! Evil witches are invading the planet! Their plan is to capture all the children in the world! When a little boy meets with &quot;The Grand High Witch&quot;, he gets turned into a mouse! How can he defeat these  wicked witches now?
6305365121|4.0|I thought that overall this film was great addition to Star Trek.  Though similar plots were used in other Sci-Fi films, I think that it all worked best with Trek.  The film was however missing something.  It needed more of  a closure to the story.  Personally, I am a little tired of seeing Trek  movies end with a beam-up and\or the vessel going to warp.  There should  have been at least a long conversation between the bridge crew about the  experience they went through.  I also would have liked at least a mention  of Kirk's death by Picard or Riker to some other person.  His death was  never talked about in First Contact, this film, or Generations. But I did  like this film overall, and am awaiting the next, and hopefully not the  last one.
B000002TP7|5.0|I think this is the Beastie Boys best effort yet. It's obvious they dig all kinds of music and have incorporated that appreciation into the CD. The CD is catchy and makes you want to move.  It's great to listen too and  doesn't get too hardcore.  It makes me think of all those great 70's tv  shows theme music.  This will forever be my fav B-boys CD!! GO GET IT!
0684867621|3.0|Although I thoroughly enjoyed Stephen Kings new book. It was lacking the macabre &amp; gore that one expects from a typical with a King novel. This novel is for younger readers more than adults.
6305265666|5.0|Very clever dialog, and Drew Barrymore was excellent. Angelica Huston played the part perfectly. Awesome scenery and fine supporting cast. Even we manly types will admit to liking this one. Well, in private.
067942850X|4.0|I think those readers who castigate Krakauer for including his own and others experiences in this book are missing the point.  This book is about attempting to escape.  Escape what?  Society, convention, your own or  others expectations of what you should do with your life.  The Chris  McCandless story is only a way of illustrating this theme; as are  Krakauer's vignettes of his own and other's similiar stories.    I enjoyed  the book.  I don't necessarily admire Chris McCandless - in the end he  probably got what he asked for because he was so needlessly reckless.   Those who live on the edge can't be surprised if they slip off.  Keep in  mind however, that the same impulses that drove McCandless out to the  Alaskan woods were the ones driving many early North American settlers or  those that colonized the West. They wanted to escape what their society had  in store for them and make a new life.  It's just that any kind of escape  is nigh impossible here at the end of the 20'th century, and in his wild  attempts, McCandless was probably doomed from the start.
0780624890|4.0|Was going into this movie thinking it had to be corny. My opinion of awell made sci-fi/horror flick would be something like &quot;Blade Runner&quot; or&quot;Dark City&quot;. And of course the filmit mostly mirrors,  &quot;From Dusk TillDawn&quot;. The F/X in &quot;Blade&quot; are stateof  the art. And the AC-3 surroundsound is in the top 10. I was mostpleasently  surprised by this film.For the dynamic soundtrack alone, itis a  &quot;Must-Have&quot; DVD. BUY IT!
B00000IL67|5.0|What a great box set!  This has everything and more!  Classics like Billion Dollar Babies, Elected, Hello Hooray are here, along with the 2 tracks from the great cooper movie Monster Dog, which I know myself, among  many fans who have been waiting for them to come on cd.  And it has old,  new, rare songs as well.  Something for everyone!  No one will be  disappointed with this collection!  Well worth the money!
0375707972|5.0|Wonderfullly written despite being transalated from German, Schlink provides us with a deeply captivating story of lifelong love, shame, anger and guilt. He writes with a personal voice, speaking his emotions with  great detail. A book one must read; an exploration of elements which makes  us human.
B00000I8UD|2.0|I'm afraid i must disagree with those ...[deleted by Amazon.com without poster's permission]... that see much 'gone to earth' or 'secrets of the beehive' influence here. It strikes me as much more bluesy, Rain-Tree-Crow-esque, primarily because guitarist Marc Ribot is no Robert Fripp, or even a David Torn or Phil Palmer. Indeed, Ribot almost spoils the work for me, his horrible little yuppie-jazz flourishes on 'I Surrender' and crude, clich&eacute;d soloing on 'Midnight Sun' being the most obvious crimes. This is decent music, and decent Sylvian in Rain Tree Crow mode, but anyone looking for Weatherbox-era music will almost certainly be disappointed.
0394492196|4.0|This is my 3rd reaking of this book, an it still holds its own....  But, as I recall, either Masterpiece, or Mystery on PBS did a 3 or 4 part seris of this novel, starring Sir Alec Guiness, and I'm trying to find out where  I can buy it...  Any sugestions??
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill haz a beautiful vioce and iz loaded w/ muzical talent.  I bought her CD a while ago and have listened to it lotz.  I luv the vibe and every thing.  To LH:Congrates on your CD and on your children.  You are so  BOMB!!  YEAH    BABY, YEAH!!              -candyA.K.A.meganBl
0790737973|2.0|How can a movie with this cast, and directed by Barry Levinson, be so bad?  I've never really listen to profession critics, so I rented this expecting a pretty good film.  Boy, was I ever wrong.  This film miss-fires on every  level.  I thought I was watching a 50s `B' film, and basically, I was.  I  won't go into the plot (there isn't any, at least any worth mentioning),  but this film did have one thing I enjoyed, at that was seeing Peter  Coyote.  I was wondering what had happened to him.  It's too bad his return  had to be in this turkey.  Between 1 and 10, \\"Sphere\\" gets a 4, and is  lucky to get that.
B0000039LE|2.0|This Halloween movie is the one that started it all. It was okay. The effects were fake. I personally don't think it was so good. Halloween 2 was a little better, but Halloween 4 was the one that really started it all!
B0000021RB|5.0|We're TRYING to listen to home-spun 4 piece &quot;you could do this&quot; rock, and here comes CHICAGO TRANSIT AUTHORITY like a runaway double decker bus! Pushing us around the corner of skepticism to the concert fields of  embrace, CTA exploded on a scene of hip music to compel millions of dudes  to exclaim &quot;You know, THAT's pretty GOOD!&quot;  Hello horns and big  blues band. Hello pro sound and hi-$$ arrangements. CTA ripped opened the  minds of unsuspecting music lovers and made its mark on history. In my  esteem, the next-best Chicago didn't happen until Chicago 17.  CTA gave  olive branches to the tragiclly hip (me) with Free Form Guitar and the  various well-done electric guitar interludes, but the legacies of CTA are  the strong creative vocals, solid-as-stone arrangements and seasoned  execution. Great drums!! Great overall sound! We will ALWAYS remember Does  Anybody Really Know What Time It Is, Beginnings, Questions 67 and 68,  Listen, and South California Purples. CTA made us say... &quot;We're  capable of quality, jazzy, full-horn-section, polished music! CTA is  US!&quot;  The transfer to CD is faithful and very well done. Those times  had other such influences, notably Blood, Sweat and Tears, but Chicago  Transit Authority did the most to introduce that 'sound' to the scene. One  of the really BIGGIES of the times, ...of ALL times. Thank you, Chicago.
6301562925|5.0|I have now seen Halloween 1, 2, 4, 5, Curse of Michael Myers, and H20. I loved them all, except 1 and 2. Halloween 5 is one of the best, if not the best of all the Halloween movies out! I think everyone should see it. This  was the first Halloween movie I saw, and I think it should be the one you  start with too! $12.99 is a great price for a movie!
B000001FT0|5.0|Talking Back to the Night hearalds the reemergence of Steve Winwood to the fold of innovative music.  Many of his prior albums deserve recognition and naturally, Back in the High Life is a stellar offering, but Talking Back is  a special high mark for Winwood and music. The release is clothed in the  innovation, preparation, feeling and mastery which comes once in a  musician's lifetime. It is his masterpiece.  The beautiful, introspective  compositions supercede the melodic ante of the time and the brilliant chord  progressions offer new material to a decade which was largely blaise and  repetitive.  Steve raises his head from the safe bilk of 80's money music  to create, sing, play and deliver a major contributor. I had to have it  from the moment I heard it. Especially enjoyable is Steve's keyboard. He is  intimate with it in a way that no mainstream keyboardist has been since  (Ray Manzarek?) the Door's Light my Fire. Don't expect intricate  ten-thousand-note lead rides. Expect the most soothing inspired keyboards  and vocals of the decade. This is MUSICIANS' MUSIC. You won't be  disappointed. Dim the lights a little before listening to it. You've  discovered a truffle hiding in the mulch. You heard it from ME first!
0679720200|5.0|This book is a masterpiece. I liked it more than any other book i've ever read. While many critics say this book is unrealistic, it is actually quiet the contrary. The simple fact that it tells of the simple and unambitious  life of a man is realistic. The fact that it portrays the benign  indifference of this world is very realistic. Highly recommended.
0440219078|5.0|This is an excellent book that pictures another side to our world.  I'm glad schools are letting students read the book because it's a great way to interpret life.  I recommend this book to everyone!
6303212379|5.0|I was a kid who loved watching brat pack movies because my sister was five years older than me and a teen ager of the eighties. I was just some kid who watched her films. But MY movie age group back then loved some Goonies.  Everyone loved Mouth. Especially when he translated for the new  housekeeper. Besides that, everyone wanted to be one of those kids (except  chunk...stuck in a cellar with that --that THING). My favorite part of the  movie? When mouth took back his quarter, because that was his wish, and it  never came true...&quot;so I'm taking it back; I'm taking them ALL  back...&quot;
6304924216|5.0|Before I saw Matrix, this movie was my personal number 1 gunfighting film, which is why it deserves 5 stars.  If you like this, go see Matrix. Now. Also, by default, putting Nicolas Cage in a movie gives it 3 stars.
630018403X|5.0|This was a wonderful movie because there was a character for every kid. Granted, I was little, but I saw the movie many times after cable got a hold of it. Who was I? I was Anthony Michael Hall in the back of the room.  Little nerdy brainy jokester who sorta tried to be in the in crowd, but  didn't try hard. Favorite line? &quot;I-I love his work, I...&quot;
B000000W3G|5.0|This has got to be the best box set ever. A MUST for any Smashing Pumpkin fan Includes such awesome songs (besides the obvious BWBW, 1979, 33, Zero, tonight tonight) as: cherry, god, ugly, the boy, transformer, tonite  reprise, destination unknown, clones, you're all i've got tonight, set the  ray to jerry, the aeroplane flies high, my blue heaven, dreaming, blank and  the last song.<br />and it comes in a psychedelic 60s looking carrying  case.<br />BUY THIS NOW.. if you dont you will grow to regret it.  you will  live in a run down shack with 34 cats yelling at children to stay off your  lawn.  :)
6300218031|5.0|This movie was a classic. Granted, I was all of eleven when it came out, and I was 12 when I saw it (too young to see it in the theater). All i remember is that for any kid that was strivingt to be in the in crowd (hey,  who didn't?) This movie is your story, where you get the happy ending. Hey,  sometimes, even I was able to enlist the help of a class bully to help me  out. And what about that classic eighties music? Especially at the end of  the movie!
0783233477|5.0|I absolutely adore Brad Pitt.  I absolutely adore Anthony Hopkins.  I have the soundtrack which means I absolutely adore Thomas Newman.  I thought that Martin Brest did a great job with this remake of &quot;Death takes a  Holiday&quot;.  I believe that critics have undermined the initial message  of the story by coating reviews with lots of  &quot;Brad-is-just-another-sexy-movie-star-who-is-cast-because-the-execs-know-they'll-make-a-pretty-penny-off-of-his-looks&quot;.  Brad works VERY hard, and he tries to do his best NO MATTER THE PROJECT.  Sure, he's good-looking, but he has depth of character. He proves this to  be true in &quot;Joe Black&quot; as he did in &quot;Devil's Own&quot;,  &quot;Seven&quot;, &quot;Legends of the Fall&quot;, and &quot;Dark Side of  the Sun&quot; [to name a few].  I don't think Brad will go down on the Walk  of Fame as just another cute blonde.  I think he is classically timeless.
6302814782|5.0|I was a fan of Corey Feldman since Goonies (see my review of that one) but I didn't get a hold of the other Corey until this film. These two looked like they were going to be a great duo from the start and they were. What  really got me was the music inthis film (I saw the soundtrack in a store  recently, gotta get it). The music they played as the camera moved over the  water repeating, &quot;Thou Shall Not Kill&quot; was hypnotic. I just have  one question, though...how is someone going to drink blood and NOT know  until you start disappearin in mirrors and attacking goofy little brothers?  Favorite line? &quot;Death by stereo!&quot; or &quot;Aaaah! It's the attack  of Eddie Munster!&quot;
B000002KDM|5.0|This is one that somebody took track, &quot;You've Got a Friend&quot; and forgot the rest. This is an example of why I hate &quot;Best of&quot; CD's. &quot;You Can Close Your Eyes&quot; and &quot;Love has Brought Me  Around&quot; are beautiful. I really like this CD!
068484267X|5.0|Angela's Ashes inspired me to write my own memoir, Project Girl, in that McCourt showed me how to tell an intensely personal and painful story with honesty and humor. While my NY housing project life was so different from  his struggles in Ireland, I could still relate to his story. That is a  testament to the power of his writing and story-telling which takes the  book beyond nationality and national borders. It is a human story that we  all can hear. McCourt keeps it real.
0380977281|5.0|My first Neil Gaiman book was Neverwhere (which was awesome).  I decided to satiate my hunger for another one of his &quot;filling&quot; novels.  This book was: unrequited love, faery &quot;stuff&quot;,witchcraft,  spells...you won't be able to put it down. Easy to read, yet thought  provoking.
0374172897|5.0|The Hours entranced me like no other book has done in quite some time. The subtle interplay of characters across time, linked by feeling, had me reading while in the metro, walking down the street, climbing stairs. In my  book &quot;Project Girl&quot; I discover Virginia Woolf, only now to have  her revealed to me in The Hours in a way she herself did not. I'm certain  she is pleased with what Cunningham has given us.
B000006OBQ|5.0|The Sinatra at the Sands album is the album after which swing should be modelled.  The Basie Band has always been known for its power and &quot;in the pocket&quot; jazz feel.  Likewise, Sinatra is known for his jazz feel  and incomparable ability to turn a phrase.  This live album sets both  &quot;greats&quot; in one concert filled with standards we can all listen  to over and over again.  Also included is a hilarious stand-up routine in  which Sinatra works his Las Vegas audience in typical Rat-Pack fashion.  As  a musician and music educator, I can think of no other record I would  rather play for my students to show them the way jazz is meant to be  performed.
B000000OSE|4.0|Some say Illusions I is the best but I can't understand why.  Don't get me wrong though this is a great album.  It just doesn't stand up all that well against it's counterpart,Ilusions II. I like it enough to purchase it and  it's counterpart.  Give it a chance if you haven't heard it.
1572522232|4.0|Why does everyone say that the last ten minutes are so scary? They really aren't. I say the first five or so were really freaky. I couldn't follow what was going on, but I was definitely scared. I also liked when Suzie's  roommate friend went through all the scary scenes in the film, up to the  barbed wire scene. That was all pretty good. And the soundtrack is amazing.  I need a CD of that! It's truly inspiring for a writer writing horror late  at night. This movie was okay, but the acting was kind of slow, as was the  middle of the film. I say the first five and the last thirty seconds  thrilled me the most.
B000000OSG|5.0|Well this album is as good as &quot;appetite&quot;. I know your all saying, is he crazy?, well maybe I am but I think this just rips!! It was a big surprise to me when I bought it when it came out. Now my tape is gone  and I'm waiting for my cd too arrive.  My favorites are, in order, 14  years, yesterday, pretty tied up,knockin on heavens door, and  civil war.      This album is so good it has to be in my top 5 all-time albums including  KISS' double platimum, SABBATH's we sold our souls, AC/DC's high voltage,  and GN'R's appetite for destruction.  Wow what praise huh? Enjoy it!!!
6304167660|5.0|Beautiful Girls is one of the best films I've seen in a very long time.  The storyline, dialogue, and direction were all exceptional, but the acting was utterly perfect.  The characters were so well developed that when it  was over I had a hard time convincing myself that what I just experienced  was a movie.  Their interactions made them not only completely believable,  but made me feel like I knew each one of them as well as the other  characters did.  The chemistry between Timothy Hutton and Natalie Portman  was especially amzing to watch.  If only the Academy gave an award for an  ensemble cast!  But as impressive as the ensemble was, Natalie Portman's  performance alone would have made this a five star movie.  It was a true  standout, a sight awesome to behold!
B000001ELB|5.0|You know you need this.  I haven't heard some of these songs in a while and I'll admit that I have missed them.  It (purchasing this) has kind of given me back part of my youth.  I started out in around 77' recording my  friends albums onto my dad's reel to reel.  Wow these songs really bring  back those days!! He had Destroyer, Dressed To Kill,and Love Gun.  I  remember when this one came out and I would go to the store and just look  at it.  To me it was like a bible or something. Actually it's a little hard  to explain (some will understand) but let's just say it would have meant  the world to me to own it when it was released.  Well I did pick it up on  vinyl a few years after it was released(I was only 9 when it came out).   Let me tell ya that this album is what I would consider a must because it  is a feel good album and it is from the days before KISS decided to tweek a  little and do some really odd things.  I believe this album (1978) was the  last real quality album they did.  I enjoy some other newer stuff but this  is what really defined KISS. PSYCHO CIRCUS is pretty good by the way.   Anyway let me list my highlights--strutter is redone and sounds good,do ya  love me rips,love gun is great,100,000 thousand years is a forgotten  classic,makin love is a real great tune,c'mon and love me is real  catchy,cold gin (a great tune written by ace is a classic),black diamond,I  want you is a personal favorite,as is firehouse,all of their big hits are  here as well including beth, rock and roll all nite, duece,hard luck woman,  god of thunder,calling dr. love and hotter than hell.  Well injoy the new  (I mean old) tunes and may KISS' legacy live on forever!! God Bless amd  goodnight!!!
B000001GPX|5.0|Amazon.com couldn't have picked a better work to highlight than Beethoven's Seventh symphony. Listening to the Seventh was what sparked my interest in classical music. They also couldn't have picked a better CD to  start with than this. Of the many versions of this symphony that I have  listened to, only Karajan's early 60's recording compares to Kleiber and  the Vienna Philharmonic's recording of the Seventh. As a bonus no recording  I have ever heard matches this performance of the Fifth.<br />A true test for  any performance of the Seventh is the second movement, an allegretto.  Kleiber's moves it along at the tempo that Beethoven intended; rather than  slowing it down, as many conductors do. The result is outstanding. The  other movements are, appropriately, thrilling listening.<br />The famous Fifth  is incomparable here. Crisp and exciting throughout.
1563523302|4.0|I read the book expecting more, got less. There were many pages that I skimmed over. The main idea of the book is repeated over and over and over and over.  Even with that said I still think that it is worth your time if  in fact you do have an interest in becoming the next milionaire next door.
6300151379|5.0|Few movies have captured the joys of being young. Movies for children and the cliche inner child abound, but none compare to Labyrinth. This Henson and Lucas production is filled with full and wonderful characters, from the  naughty goblin king, Jareth, to to the crass and endearing Hoggle. It  certainly is a shame that I can't own one of the few movies that unleashes  in me the absolute joy of being young.
B00000IQV6|4.0|this movie was one of the best movies that i have ever seen. not only was it funny it was a smart movie too
6304539282|5.0|I picked up the Brand New Star Wars Trilogy for $20 Bucks at Amazon Auctions!!  I love these movies.
0060926317|5.0|I heard about this book from a students' mother and thought it sounded very interesting.  As soon as I got home I came to Amazon.com to find out more.  I was intrigued as I read all of the comments, which varied from  outrage to joy.  I immediately bought the book to find out for myself what  all of the controversy was about. Marlo Morgan's story is one of personal  strength, courage and growth!  This woman was taken into the deserts of  Australia with no warning.  She survived by learning about the people she  was traveling with.  Her eyes were opened to a entire culture foreign to  her own.  And they were opened to the truths of her own culture. During one  evening she played a new game with the tribe.  A game which confused her at  first, but she slowly caught on.  In the end she was told &quot;We journey  a straight path in Oneness.  Mutants have many beliefs; they say your way  is different from my way, your savior is not my savior, your forever is not  my forever.  But the truth is, all life is one life.&quot; (p.125) Whether  or not this book is based in fact or fiction, there is no way for us to  know, and it isn't important.  That statement is!!  That's the message to  walk away with when you read this book!  &quot;All life is one life.&quot;  I recommend this book for anyone who is open-minded enough to see the  message and look past whether or not the book is fact or fiction.  If you  can do that, your eyes will open wider and wider as you turn each page!
6302508878|5.0|KING KONG in 1933 set the movie-going world afire with its fierce creativity and innovation, and is just as fascinating today on multiple levels.  Steiner's score was revolutionary, and Willis O'Brien's copious  realistic animation effects were absolutely inspired.  A realistic and  quite violent Depression-era adventure film which is often mistakenly  lumped into the category of fantasy films, this movie has little in common  with the cuter and largely benign films about mythical heroes and Greek  gods.  In the uncut version of this film, people get killed in a variety of  unpleasant ways. The screams of the sailors eaten by a brontosaur and  dumped by Kong into a deep ravine, natives stomped into the earth and a  woman dropped upsidedown from a skyscraper, prove this was serious business  in 1933.<br />Homages to this film are now regularly slipped into other  movies, demonstrating that KONG is the seminal landmark.  The movie has  countless testimonials to its credit for having changed awestruck viewers'  minds and lives, including that of O'Brien's prolific disciple Ray  Harryhausen.  KING KONG stands head and shoulders above everything that  came before and after in the genre, and deserves to be seen as the historic  original that it is thanks to a combination of talents (Cooper, O'Brien,  Steiner et al) working at the top of their game.
B000008JUM|5.0|This is an absolutely FAB album.  Great songs by Iggy Pop, Neneh Cherry and K.D.Lang.  I love putting this album on over and over again - wonderful modern remixes of all the old FAB songs which you never tire of listening  to!  Highly recommended!  I love Paris is truly the best track.
6305342741|2.0|Man what a bad movie i don't know what to say about this movie about how bad it was. Director Guy Nelson has made a piece of Sci-Fi drivel for one thing the special effects are cheesy and so is the production design well  the ship it itself looks halfway decent but that's about all that's good  about the production design. Really the only thing i liked about the entire  movie is the score from composer John Barry it is a good score that is  action packed. I liked that but really nothing else. and now about the  story it was so lame really what is disapointing is that the script is lame  and stupid and the all star cast including Robert Forester, Ernest Borgnine  and Anthony Perkins who was in the wonderful Psycho. Even Anthony perkins  was bad. mainly because of the cheesy dialog and script.<br />Good Points  *Good score from John Barry *Decent Production design of the ship and the  black hole<br />Bad Points  *Cheesy Special Effects *Poor Direction from Guy  Nelson *Bad production design  *Slow Pace  *Bad Acting *Cheesy Script   *Cheesy Dialog *Boring<br />So don't bother renting this because it is a piece  of Sci-Fi junk.
0800141326|2.0|My rating refers to its connection to Godzilla.  It was a great monster movie but Iguanosaurus is NO Godzilla! My family liked it so much 'coz of the special effects.  they even think the new Hesei film G looks cheezy.   This a Godzilla abomination.
B000002HO3|5.0|Since I received it, I'd been hearing this CD. It's wonderful. It falled from the stars to my heart.
0684852756|4.0|My copy has a yellow cover - do americans perceive colours differently?  This seems to fit so well into his new london play  'why i sleep with women' and his short story in the last issue of Granta ('London'), that i  wonder (again: paul theroux at work  here) whether this isnt entirely  non-fiction.<br />Great read - Kureishi comes out on top again, and women, if  you really want to know what goes through mens minds at the  end of a  relationship, here is your chance.  Men, if you want to know how it will  feel, dont say no one told you....
0670880728|5.0|I loved this book.  It is refreshingly honest and so funny!  It makes the reader feel understood and validated.  We've all been there--  frustrated, hopeful, confused, and ecstatic all in the same day over some of the same  situations.  We just can't always put it in to words.  We can all relate to  Bridget Jones' day-to-day accounting of home, work, relationships,  emotions, ups, and downs.  I laughed and cried with her.  Bridget's  thoughts and feelings are so well-expressed that we know exactly where  she's &quot;coming from.&quot;  Great book!
B000005S27|5.0|I didn't become a fan until I moved to England in 1995 and as soon as I heard Robbie Williams sing 'Everything Changes', I was hooked.  This is a great album with some of the perfect song choices to capture the boys at  their best.  When I moved back to the states I was gravely disappointed to  find that no one I knew had ever heard of them, hence trying to find their  albums was a nightmare!  Give these a guys a try, you won't be  disappointed.
B000002L5I|2.0|Rock critic Rick Hagedorn says &quot;If you do nothing else with your life, buy it on the way home&quot;. I did, and wondered why. Not bad for a neophyte but, is there really anything here you haven't heard before? E.C. nodding off with a needle stuck in his arm plays circles around these  wanna-be's.
0375707972|5.0|I cannot figure out if this is a simply wonderful book or a wonderful simple book. If forgiveness comes from understanding, then how in the world is it possible to both understand and forgive the main character that  represents two generations. How she made me responsible and participatory  in her guilt is remarkable. I congratulate the author.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road is my pick for the greatest album of all time- and if you don't believe me then you've never heard the musical nirvana that is her B-Side. Arranged by Paul McCartney, is composed of several song fragments that somehow blend together into what has to be the most perfect piece of  songwriting in the history of rock music. The A-side isn't shabby either-  &quot;Come Together&quot; and &quot;Something&quot; are great songs that  would make any album stand out and there's a simple joy to &quot;Maxwell's  Silver Hammer&quot; and Ringo's &quot;Octopus's Garden.&quot; Indeed either  half of the album would be legendary- but the combined effect is an  achievement in rock music that has never been equaled, and is all the  explanation anyone will ever need as to why the Beatles are still  worshipped by millions of fans. Absolutely an assential for any music  collection.
6302759110|4.0|A lot of people were put off by the fact that this movie was not a complete translation of the book.  To all of those people I say you can take that book and shove it up your &quot;boudoir&quot;.  The book was  about a fiend that nobody liked, who was chased around by a bunch of  colonialist english people and a crazy german.  If you like stories about  evil and good wearing black and white respectively, then this is not the  movie for you.  If you like stories with sumptuous backgrounds,  enlightened transitions, a beautifully rendered tragic character via Gary  Oldman, and a historical revisionist version of book written in a time when  you could only speak in ten dollar words, then by all means see this movie.   If you are a hidiously romantic with a predilection for Tim Burton movies,  like me, then you buy it as well:)=<br />p.s. So its got Keanu and Winona in  it, what are you gonna do? Cry over it? The rest of the movie is damn fine!
B000002UAU|4.0|Don't get me wrong this is a fine album. &quot;Sgt Pepper&quot;, &quot;A Little Help From My Friends&quot;, &quot;Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds&quot; and &quot;A Day in the Life&quot; are great songs. Still Sgt  Pepper isn't perfect- I don't care for &quot;She's Leaving Home&quot; and  &quot;Being For the Benefit of Mr Kite&quot; is just weirdness for  weirness's sake, as opposed to John Lennons usually sublime musical  weirdness. And I never really bought this as a concept album- the Beatles  actually did a better job creating an album that transcends its individual  songs with the B side of Abbey Road (which is my pick for the best rock  record ever.) Still this is a classic with some really great music, and no  CD collection would be complete without it.
0553296981|5.0|An excellent read; this book touched my heart and soul deeply. Anne's thoughts and emotions while living in an attic are vividly expressed through this diary. The way she describes the events and people in her  diary are brilliant. She had a wonderful sense of humor. I would recommend  this book to anyone who is interested in WWII and the unbosmings of a  thirteen-year-old schoolgirl.
0871137380|4.0|While at times this seems like you are reading an action novel, one must pause and remember that every U.S. soldier killed or wounded in this &quot;peacekeeping&quot; effort was a real person. Author Bowden, through  his style, once again shows the world that when the U.S. military is  micro-managed, disaster is not too far behind.No matter how noble the  cause, this book does make one long for the isolationist policies of the  late 1930's. As the events unfold, you are constantly asking: &quot;how  could this happen&quot; and &quot;why is this happening&quot;. This is a  sobering account of modern day warfare gone wrong.
6304539258|5.0|I would do it again.  Not for free, but I would.  Honestly people
B000002L7R|2.0|Though the tritle track, &quot;Pop Life&quot;, and &quot;Rasberry Beret&quot; are all fantastic, there is not much else to this album.  The rest finds Prince in a transistion, trying to to move past the Minneapolis funk of PURPLE RAIN.  While, that is respectable, most of the songs can be  hard to sit through, without pushing the button on your cd player for the  next song.
B000001A3H|5.0|Metal for the thinking man... in a musical world of stagnation and posing, Kyuss is a breath of fresh air.
B00000IFWE|2.0|I been a fan since his very first album and was really looking forward to this one.  But, aside from a few good tracks, Petty sounds like he's tired and just going through the motions. I hope the next ones better.
0876852630|4.0|In this book, the bard for the self-educated-but-under-employed speaks definitively!  Rarely have hilarity and pathos intertwined so well.  At one moment, Henry Chinaski's confrontation with Hugh the Janitor will bring on  convulsions of         laughter; then, the masterful descriptions of  poverty and alienation will provoke serious thought.  Many readers like  Bukowski for the subjects that he writes about, such as women, alcohol, and  gambling.  This work proves that it is HOW he writes about them-- with  insight, humor, and passion-- that places him in the ranks of great  writers.
B0000029GA|5.0|Make no mistake, Illmatic is one of the best albums from its time. No played out beats of any sort, just straight skillz by the illest rapper out there. Represent, NY State of Mind, and Memory Lane are the tightest cuts.  One little problem: It's too short. But that's why we have the repeat  feature on our CD players. If you haven't heard his old stuff, buy it now  and you'll love it.
6305313687|5.0|This amazing new film from director Tony Kaye is absolutely worth watching. Edward Norton's performance is amazing and the film is incredibly porwerfull!
0385493800|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book and found it hard to put down.  I think it is his best novel yet.  The development of the character Nate was well done. The underlying moral spiritual tone of this novel was welcome.
0780625129|5.0|This movie was by far one of the top ten for 1998.  It left you feeling a little sick to your stomach but left you a good after taste.  It was very powerful in the message that it sends out to the children and parents alike  of the white youth of american.  Very few movies porty white youths in the  manner.  It is good to see someone take a look at the white youth inside of  always focusing on the bad things of the minorty.
0784011680|4.0|Sir Charles would've been very pleased. This film stars Robert Downey, Jr. as the legendary Little Tramp, and is directed by Richard Attenborough. Many other actors including Dan Aykroyd, David Duchovny, Kevin Kline, James  Woods, Anthony Hopkins, Marissa Tomei, and many others.        What I find  lacking in this film is that it didn't cover enough of Chaplin's life,  however, may I suggest that you first read his autobiography. (Titled My  Autobiography, which I purchased here at Amazon!) Then watch the movie.       The ending is one of the most touching things I have ever seen on film.        Robert Downey is magnificent, and must've have studied Chaplin's every  move.
B000002JST|5.0|This is the very first album I ever bought and it still stands as my favorite.  The band is in top form on this one. Bon Scott and the Brothers Young simply kick ass.  If you feel the need to get back to basic Rock-N-Roll, then this album is a must.
B00000IIXH|5.0|I'm thrilled with 18 tracks - a good cross-section of all four discs (with the exception of &quot;Part Man Part Monkey - I just don't like this song at all).  &quot;Fever&quot; exceeds Southside Johnny's version by a mile - don't know why it isn't one of Bruce's favorites, he sings it with such  feeling and passion.  Wonder what Sinatra would have done with it?  I've  read all the critisims of the new &quot;Promise&quot;, but I disagree with  them - I love it.  I have a live version on tape from 1978, and it's great,  but Bruce was in his 20's then, and he sang it as a young man would, a  little overwrought and full of fresh hurt.  He sings it now as a 49-year  old man with quiet bitterness and resignation, and it's just as moving as  poignant as it was 20 years ago.  I just hope I get to see him in Chicago  this summer!
B000002UB3|5.0|or call the Grand Canyon a big hole, or Shakespears Sonnets drivel.<br />Until such time I visit some other planet, or rather, universe, this is one of the greatest popular music albums ever created.
0316152196|4.0|Michael Connelly has a natural ability to draw you in to his world. His books are not action packed, however they are thought provoking and you get half way through this one wondering where it is going-but you just have to  find out. This story was a very enjoyable read and up to MC's usual  standard-enjoy!
B000002UAX|4.0|If your trying to say that Wild Honey Pie, Bungalow Bill, Piggies, Yer Blues, Honey Pie, and Revolution 9 comprise quality popular music, then may you also defend the idea that the paint that splashes to the floor during Michelangelo's work is also quality art.<br />In my view, as popular  musicians, the Beatles are in a class by themselves.  Maybe they should  have toured a little more, like the Grateful Dead, so they could get all  the weird drivel stuff out to the people, instead of clutering up a  possible end to end all-time masterpiece album.<br />I like Sgt. Peppers more  than the White Album.  At a certain point in life, quality takes  prescendence over quantity.
0670880728|5.0|You won't find any profound truths or deeply emotional plot lines in this book.  Those readers looking for a heavy, convoluted story line should look elsewhere.  This is a book meant for women who want a fun and light read  with lots of giggles (and maybe for those men who might want a little  insight into the minds of women).  Any woman who has dated or who has  worried about a career (especially the over-29 set) will find at least a  few similarities between herself and Bridget.  Read this book on a lazy  weekend while consuming 5000 calories and smoking 27 fags....
