B000002VCW|5.0|I love this CD! I have played mine to death! I like &quot;Year of the Cat&quot; and &quot;on Stage Before&quot; it took me a week to learn all  the words to &quot;Year of the Cat&quot;... I wish that radio and TV would  pay tribute to this man... Dylin may have his fans, but Al Stewart is the  coolest... Put the Phones on and shut out the troubles of the world... As I  said, he is a soothing person...
0767805712|5.0|This is a great movie, one of the best I've seen.  It's well acted and the story is prophetic.  You can actually see this stuff happening in the news every day.  The DVD adds much to the story with deleted scenes.  BUY IT  NOW!
0375404783|5.0|I never liked to be read to, so when my boss suggested I might like to hear Bridget Jones's Diary I was less than enthusiastic.  The material is  wonderful and hysterical and true!  Tracie Bennett's performance is  brilliant :-)!  Her characters are well-defined - she is a gifted actor!   You will laugh out loud!!!
6303443214|5.0|Seeing the pr-posters of the movie made me very much waiting to see this movie. When it finally came to the movietheater, I saw it seven times, and would have been going a few more, if i would have had the time. Its really  something. All the actors are playing wonderfully. Just the end of babette  was awful-against wishful thinking.  I really recommend this movie. It  grips you tight, maybe makes yoy wish to be a person with eternal life - on  the other side, better not to be a vampire.
B000008H1Y|4.0|After A Passion Play Tull put out three weak albums that each had at least one really good song; all in search of FM air time.  And the album  immediately preceding this one, Too Old to Rock 'n Roll...left behind the  woodsy sylvan Tull settings that the band did best.  The flute always  worked well in that setting as well. So this album, with its complex  arrangements, was a welcome return to the roots of the band.  It could have  been a little more challenging to the listener, like Gentle Giant, but for  what it is, its great! Jack-in-the-Green and Songs From the Wood are two of  the best and Hunting Girl was good live. Still nothing up to Locomotive  Breath, Witches Promise, To Cry You A Song, Mother Goose,etc.- all the  GREAT tull songs from the early seventies. Alas, it was the end of Tull for  most of us early fans. Heavy Horses had moments but was too light and  anemic.  This one has a few powerful passages and all the songs were good  and not too cute. Ian seemed to really care at this point. Wish they could  do another one like this. Start with the early albums, then skip past  Minstrel.., WarChild and Too Old to RocknRoll to this one. Then go back and  keep playing the old ones.
B000002VDW|5.0|This is a great album to listen to when you are trying to wind down from a long hard day... &quot;Time Passages&quot; is one of my all time favorite  songs... It used to relax me enough to put me too sleep when I was 7 years  old... &quot;End of the Day&quot; is another great one to listen to to help  you sleep... Al's music is so good, it soothes the soul... Try it and you  will like it... I got this and 4 others for X Mas one year... his music is  great!
0064471837|5.0|I first read this novel in high school and now a college student have recaptured it.  This book is for more than young adults andin some cases  would be more appropriate for those a bit more mature in order that all its  complexities can be understood. It is a wonderful story and I highly  recommend.
0385484518|5.0|I think that Tuesdays with Morrie is a very enlightening book.  Morrie was someone who was able to share his experiences and what he learned through  life.  This book could draw somebody out of his or her world of acceptance  and teach them to live a meaningful life.  Morrie had this effect on Mitch  Albom and probably thoughsands of other people who read Tuesdays with  Morrie.  I think that in order for Morrie's words to reach me, I have to  read the book again.  He has a lot of advice and to understand and absorb  it all, I should read it more than once.
B000006YYM|4.0|I think this album is not quite as good as In a Glass House or Free Hand.  The first 4 songs however are fantastic and include two of Giant's top  songs, Proclamation and So Sincere.  Aspirations is my personal favorite  from this album, as it features lovely electric keyboard work from Kerry  Minnear. You may find this album irritating at times though as it is over  the top with changing time signatures, its up beat - its off beat, its  turning around on itself....Not as much acoustic work as the other Giant  albums from this period and the keyboards really seem to dominate more so  than on In A Glass House, for example, where the guitar, violin and  recorders play a bigger role.
6302150930|4.0|I am surprized that one of Polanski's best movies, i.e. &quot;Tenant&quot;, is not even mentioned in your list. Why?
B000002UDV|5.0|The reviewer from Oakland is absolutely correct upon observing that the Stones, Hendrix and Dylan were &quot;setting the pace&quot;, but there is  no doubt that Brian Wilson was among this elite group. Additionally the  Beatles never led at anything. <br />As for this album - is it the best ever?  It's tough to say, because it's tough to compare &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; to  &quot;Are You Experienced?&quot;. Nevertheless, it sure ranks among the  best ever recorded (including &quot;Let it Bleed&quot; and  &quot;Rumours&quot;), and I believe it's a cut above anything released by  the Beatles.
B00001QGPR|5.0|What is there to say about Bowie's new release. Hours brings back the sensation of looking in through the outdoor. Being a long time fan of  David's music, I welcome the refreshing change he brings with this new CD.  Hours reunites the old with the new and has become a favorite in the list  of Cds I listen to while working. It also inspires the artist within me.  Bowie has taken beautiful old sounds of his and melded them with such  refined grace into what I can only hope will become his new sound of the  New Millenium.
B000001FW9|3.0|Okay I agree with one of the other reviewers that this is heavily King Crimson-like.  I think the first song is very cool but the rest is uneven  and just not terribly interesting.  The compositions donot hang together  nearly as well  as the later albums.  I would recommend this one only for  the Giant faithful as I think it doesnot sound as true to form even as the  first album.  The band's great stuff begins with the Three Friends album  and lasts though Free Hand, with Interview being okay.  If you like violin,  recorder, marimbas, acoustic guitar mixed with some Tull-like electric  guitar and the whole British medieval/renaissance thing this band is great.  I never understood the album art on this particular recording.  I guess its  a double entendre thing. But it doesnt fit with the music. Pantagruel's  Nativity is one of the top ten Giant songs however and if you are a fan you  have to have this record for that reason.
6305079900|5.0|This a grat time travel adventure starring Arnold Schwarzenegger as a cyborg (part man, part machine) to comeback through time to kill a seemingly innocent woman (Linda Hamilton). Micheal Biehn is great as a  rebel soldier sent back in time to protect her. Schwarzenegger is great as  a cyborg and this was one of his best films.
B00000JTB2|5.0|Vaughan does it again, and with the company of Albert King it's like magic. This is a MUST have album for blues lovers.
B000000P17|4.0|By far their best. The version of &quot;Ain't it Fun&quot; is about as good as the original, which says a lot. &quot;Human Being&quot; is  unstoppable and exuberant. &quot;New Rose&quot; is very fine.
B000002BE9|5.0|I can always count on Fiona's melancholy vibes to comfort me on those rainy days when there's nothing to do but lay in bed and mope.  And she  mopes right along with me.  <br />The dismal and dreary undertones of this  album are not only refreshingly apart from the generic &quot;Brady Bunch  sunny day&quot; B-Bop that so many young artist's of today seem to be  producing,but her alarming reality check onto the darker sides of life is  excruciatingly scrumptious to someone like me whom feasts upon misery and  make the best of it.<br />You can count on Fiona to soothe and calm any beast  or malady  you may be sufferring from or inviting into your life.<br />She  made a great album!  Hope to see her second rise to the dreary occasion I'm  looking forward to savoring.
B000002LCI|5.0|I love &quot;Never Let Me Down Again&quot;, &quot;Strangelove&quot;, &quot;Little 15&quot; and &quot;Behind the Wheel&quot;.
6305622914|5.0|Good movie, filled with everything you want to see. I won't say them all cause someone already has and its too long. Its skill because it shows the kind of life they had in England. Its the kind of film you want to see  again and again so buy it on DVD now!
B000000WZ4|2.0|I don't like the way DM changed. This album has a few good songs, like &quot;It's no good&quot;. However, there are some that I can't listen at  all.
0385484518|1.0|Handling the ultimate questions at the level of a third grade, Mitch Albom does an effective job of stripping this painful episode of any meaning by  attempting to boil it down to Chicken Soup for the Soul.
B000002MJC|4.0|Those who liked &quot;Music for the Masses&quot; and &quot;Violator&quot; might not want to buy this. It took me a month to get used to the new sound  of DM. I like &quot;Walking in my shoes&quot;, &quot;In your room&quot; and  &quot;Higherlove&quot;, but there is no comfort and complexity of  &quot;Violator&quot;.
6303477259|4.0|I was at this show in Earl's Court and all the spectacle and music has been effectively caught on small-screen in this video.  If you like their music you will simply love this video. I'm looking forward to the next  opportunity to experience their music live and unleashed !
B000000OSG|2.0|&quot;Don't Cry&quot; and &quot;November Rain&quot; are the masterpieces, but the rest is junk. This and part I are the first and the last GNR albums  I will ever buy.
B00002E285|4.0|Revealingly autobiographical on Roger Waters behalf, this film depicts his early childhood through to Rock superstardom, with psychological analysis thrown in for free.  The sarcasm of his lyrics will be lost to all those  who do not really understand all the symbolism, but it nevertheless  entertains as much as the album.  The film itself became a chore for Roger  Waters, as can be gleaned from the lyrics to the track Not Now John, on the  group's final album with Waters at the helm : &quot;The Final Cut&quot;.  Although Waters was highly critical of the film making process, I think he  feels that he achieved what he set out to when transferring from vinyl to  celluloid. I saw this in the cinema when it first came out, and have since  bought the video, and would highly recommend it to any Floyd fan as a  must-purchase. Don't dither, just do it.
B000002OMN|5.0|Hmm... I don't know what to say to the people who left a negative feedback on this. I enjoy this album very much. It is hard to imagine that this  music would be a &quot;torture&quot; to anybody. Neither I am tone deaf, I  have some music education (9 years of music school). &quot;I would do  anything for love&quot; and &quot;Life is a lemon&quot; are the  masterpieces. I love the other songs too.
B00000JTB2|5.0|Two of the best blues guitarists clashing together makes for a beautiful recording.  Stevie is simply his self, laid back and enjoying a jam session  with one of his greatest idols.  Mr. King seems in awe of his young  protege.  This is a great recording every true blues fan must have.
B000002LK1|5.0|This is my favorite DM album. I also recommend three singles: &quot;Enjoy the Silence&quot;, &quot;Personal Jesus&quot; and &quot;World in my  Eyes&quot;.
B000031WD9|5.0|This movie has to me one of the most craziest and funniest movies I have ever seen... I went to the cinema with my friends to watch the movie, after we had to go to the club to try and pick up some girls! It's hillariously  funny and not to be missed.
B000000OSE|2.0|&quot;Don't Cry&quot; and &quot;November Rain&quot; are the masterpieces, but the rest is junk. This and part II are the first and the last GNR  albums I will ever buy.
1565113306|4.0|So dark, so funny, just plain awesome.  The book itself blows the movie away.  Even if you've seen the movie I reccomend getting the book asap.
B000002P5W|5.0|if you want to hear the guitar played like it has never been played, either before or after, listen to this. to hear hendrix make love to his  guitar, to bring forth all the possibilities from within, is true musical  heaven. every time i hear this i once again am in awe of the power and the  poetry of jimi, and am charged with the musics' energy. jimi has been gone  for a long time, but his place in the history of music will last forever  because of playing like this.
6303686745|5.0|An interesting plot of an American bomber squad who receives their bombing mission for Moscow due to a computer glitch.  Henry Fonda as the president must try and pursuade the Soviet Premiere that the accident is not a sneek  attack on the U.S.S.R.  With a shattering climax of Moscow and New York  City being destroyed, this movie keeps you on the edge of your seat.  A  very fast-paced war adventure that shows how dangerously close we are to  letting our machines take over our actions.  Although somewhat outdated,  our computers are none the less having to same role as back then.
B000003NA4|5.0|I'm not a jazz fan and stumbled on Diana Krall after watching a Clint Eastwood movie for which she did a song.  I took a chance and bought  &quot;Love Scenes&quot; and to my surprise love every track!  So then I  purchased &quot;When I Look in Your Eyes&quot; and love that too.  I'm off  to buy my 3rd.<br />I couldn't believe how romantic these CD's are.  My  husband and I both love them.  Find a bottle of wine and enjoy these CD's!!   Very romantic.
6305609691|5.0|One of the greatest movies ever made.  Further comment would be simply redundant.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Do you hear it?  If you don't hear the call to buy Santana's new CD... Theres something wrong with you.  Carlos Santana did a great job in the  mixing together of his music and the hot singers of today.  Everlast does a  wonderful job singing 'Put You Lights On', and ditto for Rob Thomas on  'Smooth'.  If those two songs don't convince you, wait until you hear Dave  Matthews in 'Love of my Life'.  'The Calling' featuring Eric Clapton is in  fact the BEST song on the whole CD.  It's great to see two of the best  artists of yester-year working together again!<br />I can't believe that  anyone would want to bash Supernatural.  In fact, the weakest song on  Supernatural is 'Wishing it Was' featuring Eagle-Eye Cherry. And even  though I consider the song &quot;not the best&quot;, I would still buy the  CD just for that one song!!!<br />So if you don't already have Supernatural,  go ahead and buy it.  It will be one of those that rarely leave your CD  player.
0792156684|5.0|Reading some of these reviews has really burned me up. I agree with the viewers that said: All teenagers watched this for is the song and the actor- I think that was a crime. I'm a history lover, and think Titanic was  a great way to open people's eyes to the tradgedy that really occured. (To  be honest, I wouldn't be very interested in the tradgedy now if I hadn't  seen the film, but I can honestly say that I appreciated alot more than a  song and one of the lead actors!) I also agreed with the viewer that was  opposed to the car scene near the end of the first half. I'm all for  holding on to old fashioned morals and values and think that this scean was  uncalled for. In fact, I would like to catch this on television some time,  so I can watch a version with this cut out! (it would have been more  romantic if he had purposed, instead of what happened, in my opinion).    I'm a twelve year old, and recent the statment that the only reason a  twelve year old girl would watch this was to drool over the actor! If my  opinion on this be told, I thought that there where afew actors in that  film , a sight more handsom then Decamprio, but his acting was good. You  are all entitled to your opinions, but so am I, and I think this movie was  great. It's one of my top favorites!
6302820448|5.0|An increadible movie with tons of catch phrases like, &quot;What if there is no tomorrow; there wasn't one today.&quot;  Very witty comedy.
B000003BEV|5.0|best album by the Stones . A great Pshychedelic one that stands for itself - regardless of the other rather famous '67 album by that other english  band . no , not Pink Floyd .
1570427496|3.0|I was disappointed in &quot;A Walk to Remember.&quot;  It was not of the calibre of his previous novels.  There was not much depth to the story and  it was too predictable.
6304406096|3.0|Re-tread of Thunderball is actually slower than Thunderball, which is amazing.  Max von Sydow makes an okay Blofeld.  The main villain is actually better than Celi in the original and Connery is his usual great  Bond self.  But movie has a few odd moments, like the video game battle  between Bond and the villain.
B00000K2SE|5.0|This is a great action movie!! I do not usually like Keanu Reeves but I can put up with him considering the great movie around him in The Matrix!<br />Red pill all the way!
0792842723|4.0|Not the greatest (I still have trouble with the villain's plan and the darker feel to the film) but definately makes up for the long wait and the last disaster for a Bond movie.  Pierce basically strolls into the roll, no  problem, combining Moore and Connery and adding his own twist.  Way to go  Pierce!!  Trust me, I was disappointed when Dalton won the role over him  years ago, but I'm glad he finally had the chance.
B000000OEI|3.0|Just from having seen the movie I knew this was one of my favorite all-time soundtracks.  It's too bad the arrangement of the tracks is so  terrible.  There is little or no order to the pieces and as has been  pointed out already, some tracks are too long and contain too much mood  music.  Three stars.
0792842731|4.0|I love it for the fact the plot makes sense and is actually ingenious, Jonathan Pryce manipulating the media to start WWIII.  To be honest, I always prefered the quiet wimpy villains to the macho &quot;he-man&quot;  terrorist ones.  While, overall, not one of the best, it's still great and  fun!
0345350499|5.0|I have yet to read a book that will take me to a place as amazing as this. The author's descriptions are crisp and real to all. Even and 800+ pages I  never wantedt this book to be over with.
0792151712|1.0|The only big hit movie that was worse than this is TWISTER. If you liked TWISTER, you may like TITANIC.
B000031WD9|5.0|If you liked There's Something About Mary, you'll love American Pie.  It delivers the hardcore humor we've grown to love.  Buy this movie, and be sure to buy it from Amazon.com.
B00001QGPS|5.0|There's really not to much you can say. Put any of these two men on anyone's song,(For example, Eightball, Limp Bizkit, The Luniz, 2 Pac,Puff  Daddy, or EPMD) it doesn't matter, with these two you're guaranteed  results.  I heard Redman's verse on Puff Daddy's &quot;Reverse&quot; and I  almost crashed my vehicle.  So when the album comes out it shoudn't be any  different, right?  Red and Meth have one of the best albums out in 1999  with this one.  The RZA might not be back to  his old self yet, but if he  is trying to bring in his millenium form with &quot; Cereal Killer&quot;  then producers need to start running for the exit door immediately.  This  is definitely one of the best 10 rap songs for all of 99.  It sounds like a  beat that should be on the &quot; Blair Witch Project&quot; soundtrack,  with Red and Meth rapping like they were about to be electrocuted.  &quot;I  walk on backs like Mr. Bentley, while the P.P.P. strips you empty.&quot;  Redman is at his finest on this song.  This is what you need to do with  this CD.  Start at track 1, once it gets to #6 push the repeat button once,  and then let the CD play out.  If this is any indication on how their solo  efforts will sound like, then Mr. Sermon and Mr. Digital can continue  blessing Red and Meth for years to come.
0380973464|4.0|212 other reviewers have weighed in here, so other than echoing them in what a great book this is to read, let me leave you with another good link:  David Payne's Confessions of a Taoist on Wall Street. It's a little  shorter, but no less involved. Check it out on Amazon. I think readers of  this book will also enjoy the other.
0671688782|5.0|I cannot say enough in favor of Holding Time. My family has followed the Welch Method for two years. After only one Welch Method intensive bonding  session involving our whole family, my niece, who had been in and out of  institutions, was able to return home and return to a normal life. The  book, Holding Time, along with support information we got from the Welch  website, marthawelch.com, saved our family's life. A must for every family!
0440133688|5.0|The first time I read this book was in 1981, before starting medical school. I thought it witty but so cynical that I did not like it.  I read  it again before starting residency.  I now recognized  a few of the  characters. Through residency there were frequent allusions to &quot;buff  and turf&quot;, &quot;orthopedic height&quot; and what could be reached  with a large gauge needle.  Although HOG was not a survival manual it did  give me a sense of deja vu at times.  I read it a third time after  residency.  My only complaint is that it completely left out an important  element of the intern experience; the drug reps.
0783225903|5.0|Sam Lowry's father (the ghost in the machine) has created a world that ultimately sacrifices his own son. The only wound that appears on Sam at the end is a hole in his hand. Crucifixtion anyone??<br /> There are so many  levels to this movie. I love that there are film makers like Gilliam who  can make me think and feel at the same time.    You can tell that the  people who don't like this film just don't get it.... and you know, some  people never will but that's who they make the other 99% of the movies for.    <br />I came on line tonite looking for the 5th Monkey starring Ben Kingsley  and it's not even listed. Oh well, I guess every Segal movie will be  available on DVD soon.
0425152251|3.0|I thought the book was interesting yet dull.  I thought the plot was great.  But I didn't like the fact that the whole book was mostly straight  out fact.  I found myself wanting to skip through the lessons and read the  actual story.  Overall it was a pretty good book.  But one should only read  it if they want a lesson on philosophy.
0891903313|5.0|The hardback copy I ordered to give to a friend as a gift is such a disappointment. Some of the pictures look as though they were copied on a  machine almost out of ink--faint and/or non-existent lines.  On portions of  some pictures there are globs of ink with too faint lines on other parts of  that same picture.  QUALITY CONTROL WAS ASLEEP.
068816689X|5.0|Just when I thought I had read and seen everything I'd ever want about the Holocaust (and then some), I found myself fascinated by this book.  Quite  frankly, reading about somebody's true experience suddenly makes a story  like &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot; seem shallow and unnecessary.  (Truth  being stranger, and more compelling, than even well-intended fiction.)  In  some ways it's the details of real everyday life -- the food rations, the  clandestine radio listening, the casual comments of neighbors -- that make  the book come alive.  Plus, the clarity of the storytelling (it reads like  a novel but maintains the right dose of sobriety and dignity) simply  transports you into Edith Hahn's world.  It's a must-read for anyone who  wants to feel knowledgeable about the Holocaust.
6305126062|5.0|Compares well with the panoramic, literary, and romantic Out Of Africa -- a meaningful and substantial film, telling a realistic story with grace and compassion.  I liked the romance between Redford and Scott Thomas -- the  eye contact, the slowly growing together as one overcomes his attitude  (dislike) and the other her insecurity.  The background music was always  appropriate.  The landscape shots were wonderful.  Is Robert Redford too  old for Scott Thomas?  Well, it's nice to see a woman romancing a man who  is all grown up.  Is he too old for romantic parts?  No....  Great  interactions between man and horse too.  Really an excellent film with  moral content, unlike the usual Hollywood nonsense.
B00001NFCY|4.0|I love this album!!!  Each of the songs are wonderful, especially &quot;Arms Wide Open.&quot;  It is touching and sweet (I'm thinking one of  the guys in the band became a father).  Scott Stapp's voice is like a  cannon that just blows me away!  I can't wait for their next album.  I'll  be the first one to grab it!
6304681011|4.0|I first saw the movie when I was approx. 7-10 yrs. old. That night I could get no sleep, seeing images in the shadows and eyes in my closet. Recently My wife and I viewed it on a local PBS station, it still has it. Creepy and  spooky, great for thoese who like creepy but don't want the redundant chain  saw blood and guts.
0694003611|1.0|I don't see why all these people have rated this as such a great book.  There are so many other really great books.  I got 5 copies for baby  presents.   They have a permanent place on the shelf.
6302787556|5.0|This is one of the movies' greatest biographies.  An extremely well made and moving film, with a performance by Denzel Washington that has to be  seen to be believed. Shatters common ideas of who Malcolm X was and what he  stood for, by showing how a man can evolve over a lifetime. In my opinion  this is such a moving film, that a person needs to be careful of anyone who  says they didn't like it or &quot;get&quot; it.
B00001R3GI|5.0|I think the word Indyboy should have used was productive rather than creative.  The Stones have produced a lot of material, how creative  everything has been is another question.  Still, this record is great, and  a testament to the staying power of rock within POP music...
6305171769|5.0|Halloween H20 is one of the best.  It revisits Laurie Strode--the sole survivor of the 1978 Halloween muders.  Personally, I really didn't like the idea that they changed her name, but..IT STARS CURTIS!  How can you not  love this film?...she returns to her horror film roots!..she hasn't lost  any lung power either!..and I just love when she tells her love intrest who  she is especially the &quot;my brother killed my sister....etc&quot;  dialogue..loved that...This film really is good despite what the f'ing  critics say...the people who really watch the movies are the  critics...there is one problem with H20...IT'S WAY TOO SHORT...but the  original was only about 90 mins...but the film does go by  quick...still...GREAT...buy it...you will love it!
0446525537|1.0|Never a fan of Nicholas Sparks books, I approached A Walk to Remember with an open mind. My feelings in short - this was a poor imitation of Love  Story which Erich Segal published almost 30 years ago.
6304508611|5.0|I would just like to say that I really like this movie.  When I first saw it, I hadn't seen the beginning, I always ending up seeing it the same  place I would the last time...So I rented it...the beginning...wow....you  have to see the beginning. I really liked it because it shows how mean  people can really be, and I know what it's like not to fit in.  Sissy  Spacek gives an outstanding performance.  I heard she was nominated for an  Academy Award or Oscar for her performance, BUT SHE LOST!!! she should have  won!...This movie just shows you one of the many ways anger and repressed  feelings can manifest.  Rent this, buy it, you won't be disappointed.
B00000DC4A|5.0|If you really liked 18 Til I Die, then at first you might be a little disappointed with this album, or make that a lot... that's how I felt.  It  just didn't have that same melodic edge or the songwriting as the previous  one.  But for some reason it really grew on me, to a point where I actually  like this one more.  Songs like &quot;How Do Ya Feel Tonight,&quot;  &quot;C'mon C'mon C'mon,&quot; and &quot;On a Day Like Today&quot; are  simply amazing, and get even better the more you listen.  Buy this CD and  if you don't like it right away, listen to it while you drive at night and  it will really grab you.  It's a perfect album for the road.
B00001QGPS|5.0|I love this album not only for the combination of Red and Meth, but the album itself is a dedication to hip-hop using popular lines and hooks from  some hip hops classics (Das EFX, Cypress Hill, X-Clan, etc.)
B00000HZFH|5.0|well, 4 months ago my (now-ex)- boyfriend left a cassette in my car-- BtS's Keep it like a Secret. I'd never heard of BtS. I listened to it a few  times and got irreversibly hooked. what an utterly fantastic album--  perfect road-trip music, beautiful songs. The songs are very unique, and I  get hypnotized in a melodic reverie while listening to them. Especially  &quot;Temporarily Blind&quot;- that is my favorite on the album- other  favorites are &quot;Else&quot;, &quot;Carry the Zero&quot;, and  &quot;Center of the Universe&quot;.  &quot;Bad light&quot;, while still a  good song, doesn't measure up to the others. It is obvious that  &quot;Broken Chairs&quot; is a cover-- it is very interesting to hear how  Doug interprets the music, and this song is perfect to listen to while  drinking beer in a bar. Then i discussed the album with my  (now-ex)-boyfriend and he claimed to hate this new BtS album -&quot;all the  previous ones were way superior!&quot;- so i gave &quot;the Normal  Years&quot; and &quot;THere's Nothing Wrong With Love&quot; a try. I love  them too. However, Keep it Like a Secret is very different and remains my  favorite- maybe because it's my first BtS exposure.  well, now my  (now-ex)-boyfriend has grudgingly admitted that &quot;keep it like a  secret&quot; actually IS good, and the CD still hasn't left the permanent  rotation area of my CD collection. THe best thing is that through BtS I  discovered other groups like Modest Mouse, Quasi, and Belle &amp;  Sebastian.
0553296981|5.0|I first read parts of her diary in the 7th grade for a class, and afterwards I went out on my own and bought a copy for myself.  With my  English not being too strong at the time, I tried to read it and I  understood it completely and shed tears at the end.  I was her age when she  was going through her life in the &quot;secret annex.&quot;  I too shared  and envisioned similar dreams and goals, and for her life to turn in such a  way was devastatingly painful for me.  I have read the book god knows how  many times now, and I have to say that it was one of the most influential  books for me.  It was when I first learned about genocide and the  Holocaust, and it led me to increase my awareness in those issues.  Anne  Frank's memory lives on because of her diary, and the experience of living  in hiding through the Holocaust is also preserved in this precious diary.  I recommend it to everyone..
B000002BUY|5.0|it doesn't get any better than this!
B000000WFU|5.0|This CD will take you places, maybe to a tropical forrest, a beautiful deserted island in the pacific, or you might even imagine yourself flying  over the world like a bird...  It was on one occasion after I had finished  playing the CD, that a friend of mine asked me where I had gotten the  angelic music from..  She reffered to it as angelic music..  It will  literally take you places.  If you need to relax, this is it.  If you need  to imagine and let loose, this is the one CD that will help you realize  that.  Go out and buy it.  The guy who said the CD was repetative obviously  didn't absorb the music, and he probably didn't even sit through the whole  CD.  Believe me, it's well worth the money and your time.  New age at its  best.
B000002W5J|5.0|Every song can take me back to a particular setting in the &quot;good ole days&quot;. Still a great album to this day.
B000002KOO|5.0|This really is the very best of the recordings available by FM. However, should anyone from Warner/Reprise ever happen to read this - the recording  quality is hissy and the track line up is an appalling jigsaw job on the  original UK album. Two tracks are missing altogether and Oh Well has been  stuck right in the middle. The original UK LP track line up was fabulous,  and makes sense of the songs and jams. The only way, currently to replicate  it is to buy the Japanese English Rose CD and to make a compilation of the  tunes in the right order. Reprise, why won't you clean this thing up?!!!!!
0553573403|5.0|Its a good book and has set a high standard for the series to follow. My only hope is that it doesnt deteririorate in the later books which has  happened in some series
B00002DD97|5.0|This is the cool limited edition that everybody has been looking for.  It has all thirteen tracks in a cool 3d blue leanacular digi-pack.. this item  is limited to 100,000, and is a must for a true MADONNA collector anf fan  like myself!swim is my favorite song on ray of light-what is yours?
0783237979|5.0|Over the years this piece of theater has become a  bit of a joke, but one watch will change all minds. It is not a &quot;conventional&quot; piece of  theater by any meens. It is more of an explosion of dance and song. The  filming is wonderfully done, with close-ups on the faces to see make up and  everything. What is lost in it thoe, is a sence of expreience that one gets  seeing it live. In the theater the interaction between cast and audience is  a part of the fun, but for people whom have seen the stage version this is  a good refresher. All the make-up has been redone for this disk, and  the  staging tighten up to top notch form. The cast is ab-fab ( all but for the  Rum-Tum-Tugger he's only ok). All but for the opera seen have made it to  film, but no great loss. The 5.1 will bring tears to the eyes of any fan,  and the documentary id great to watch to. So look at this piece of theater  as it should be looked on, as the greadfather of the stage spectical,  because that is what it is, a real piece of musical history
B00000JPYD|5.0|The &quot;bonus tracks&quot; are nothing special, but the album as originally cut holds up much better than I ever would have thought.  I  think if they'd managed to think of a cool band-name they'd have more of a  hold on our imaginations.   The actual music is first-rate.
B000021XR5|5.0|This is a great album from the guys.  My personal favorite album of theirs is Purple, this will probably end up being my second fav.
0425156842|4.0|This book has definately come in handy in my freshman philosophy class.  The plot is really interesting in itself and though Gaardar tends to bore  you with too much philosophical thought, he does break down the key  concepts of great philosophers into understandable chunks.  It is  definately a more enjoyable read than a college textbook and presents the  same information in a more understandable way.
B000002UJQ|5.0|OK Computer is not only one of the top rock alternative albums of the 90s but Karma Police is one of the greatest songs ever made. OK Computer is a  must own!!
B00000J7J4|2.0|Santana seems to make money from the sales all because of his featured guest's singing talents. All he seems to do is just play the electric  guitar while ruining the song when there's no vox.<br />Even though the songs  are good due to other artists, don't waste your money on this album and put  more change in his pocket.
B000001FQI|5.0|Tears for Fears is a great band and they have made a TON of great music! I didn't even know who they were until my mom got this cd for a garage sale.  When I first heard it I love it right away! It hardle ever leaves my cd  player because I listen to it everyday. It is a classic just like all their  other great songs and albums! I would diffenetly recommend it to everyone!
B00000IAU3|4.0|This album is pretty good but somehow it seems not as good as I expected when I heard &quot;Here with Me&quot;. I know I shouldn't just run out to  buy an album for just one song but I did with this one. I usually find at  least two songs I like before buying a cd.<br />The lyrics are there, except  it sounds as if she's just talking really fast for long lyrics to  accomodate the music. I know I shouldn't criticize the way how someone  speaks but sometimes I have a hard time understanding her to, I think, the  southern accent.
0800116917|5.0|I was fortunate enough to have seen this on big screen.
B000002J09|5.0|This was my first album purchase as a 14 yr old.  Now in my 40s I have the CD.  The songs all fit together perfectly.  This must be Page and Plant at  their peak!  &quot;When the Levee Breaks&quot; seems to sound the best  during a rain storm.  This is a must have CD.
6305137293|4.0|Wow what a terrific DVD for 10 bucks. The sound was great in only dolby digital 2.0, the picture was mastered very well and was never too light or  too dark, and the menus are cool too. The movie was great as well as great  sequel.
0767802519|3.0|The Professional is that rarest of films: a good action flick.  Luc Besson's direction, and Natalie Portman's performance (no wonder she caught  the eye of George Lucas) are absolutely first-rate.  But the film seemed  choppy.  Characters seemed to interact in a way that seemed as if they knew  more about each other than had been portrayed in the film.  <br />However, it  makes sense, when you realize that the European version is substantially  longer (by about an hour I think).  I would have enjoyed seeing the  somewhat ambiguous relationship between Mathilda and Leon develop more.   This is a good American  version of what I am sure was a great European  film.  I understand the Hollywood mentality of keeping every film under 2  hours (unless it's directed by Kevin Costner or Steven Spielberg), but when  you release something on DVD, you should release ALL of it. <br />Shame on  you, DVD-makin' folks.  We demand more!
B000021XS0|5.0|Once again, a new album by the prog-metal masters never ceases to amaze and startle this listener. Tying in to the song Metropolis off of the  album, Images and Words, this album features licks and sounds that recall  that opus. <br />All of the musicians are in top form including the new guy  Jordan Rudess. Petrucci does something I have never heard anybody pull off.  He replicates the amazing guitar tone of Brian May. It is a thing of  beauty. Portnoy still plays with precision abandon and Myung fills the  bottom end like no one short of Geddy Lee. LaBrie's vocals run the gamut  from Floydesque mellowness to his patented hi-pitch heavy metal  shriek.<br />The album is one that needs to be explored because it seems to  work on so many different levels. It will probably be played non-stop in  this listeners CD player for quite a while.<br />If I were to describe this I  would say, blend all of the other prog concept albums, pull out the best  parts and apply the Dream Theater sound and you will get &quot;Scenes from  a Memory&quot; It is as accessible as Mindcrime, cerebral as The Wall and  dynamic as 2112.
0800141660|5.0|There is not a foot put wrong in this adaptation. It is a beautiful film. All the actors are top-notch. And yes there WAS a third sister in the book  - Margaret. Only she didn't have such a big part in the book as she does in  the movie.
B00000JMG7|5.0|EUROPE HAS BEEN TO QUIET ABOUT THIS GENIUS.
6304712499|4.0|Geez, lighten up you guys! You all sound like trekkies debating TOS Vs. NextGen! This was a good movie, and I'll admit I didn't like it as much the  first time, and I couldn't even tell you why. But I did buy the thing and  enjoy it now. The commentary was revealing and lively, and the  behind-the-scenes things (althought the same as the VHS) are good too.  McFarlane is the most egotistical man on the planet, but ya gotta love him!  This is no Tim Burton's Batman, but it'll do pig, it'll do. One thing I  really didn't like was Martin Sheen's character, it blew. I've seen the  animated one and he blew even more in that. I hope in Spawn 2 they have a  real villain instead.
6304490119|5.0|This movie is one of the best Sci Fi movies around. It is original and unique. The movie has never received its do recognition and should be named as one of the top ten Sci Fi movies of all time in my opinion. Also, the  soundtrack is great and the special effects are very good. This film will  always rank up with my other Sci Fi favorites such as Blade Runner and Star  Wars
B000001GX8|5.0|The best Figaro you will ever need. Trust me, you won't regret buying it.
B00000DBXL|2.0|I guess Cake lost one of their members since Fashion Nugget??  Well, not since Van Halen lost David Lee Roth has a band so palpably lost their  fundamental soul and personality.  I was blown away by Fashion Nugget, and  I was similarly truly intrigued by Motorcade of Generosity.  My mind , as  others' apparently have,  made comparisons to the Beatles...these guys had  a distinct, haunting sound.  But this album--entitled self-flatteringly  &quot;Prolonging the Magic&quot;--wow, I've played it ten times or more,  and it has had no effect on me whatsoever.  It's not annoying really, but  it does not have any ambience at all similar to its two predecessors.  It's  not quite background noise...it's more like it drones on in the background  and you don't even know it's there. These guys have got to make up with  their estranged band member and get their sound back on track.  What a  shame.  The &quot;Magic&quot; is not &quot;Prolonged&quot; by this album;  it's shot stone-cold dead.
6302820448|5.0|This movie allows Murray to do what he does best - improvise. A lot of his dialogue was on the spot, which is why it's so funny. And it's got that classic Murray subtleness which is great. Definately a classic.
0448060191|5.0|I am a young reader, and this book was offered to me by my teacher years ago.  At first I thought that it would be a girlish book, and I did not  accept the offer.  I will now mention that I LOVE to read.  Several years  later, one of my very good friends that had the same taste as I handed it  to me and said, &quot;Read it.&quot;  I obeyed and it turned out to be one  of the best books that I had ever read.  This classic story about the March  sisters and their joys, hardships, and growing up has proved to be a great  lesson to me and my friends.  My favorite character is Beth (although I am  nothing like her) because she is exactly like the person tht everyone wants  to be.  She is so kind and thoughtful, but so humble about her generosity.   If you have not read this book, I highly reccomend that you do!
B000002G1Y|5.0|I first heard Iggy Pop do Something Wild on his &quot;Brick by Brick&quot; Album.  I thought it was good but  Hiatt's version simply blows it away.   Buffalo River Home is a great song, especially the lyrics.
B00000JPH4|4.0|This is not a tradition muppet caper. It is darker and for older children or adults. I bought this with a youngster in mind.  It was a good story but  I think that it is too scary for real young children. I will keep it and  let him watch it when I think he is old enough. For now, we will stick with  Kermit and Miss Piggy.
B000021XS0|5.0|All i have to say is, WOW!!  I can't believe how great this Album is.  It is cleary the best Dream Theater album to date, not to mention one of the  best albums that I've ever heard, if not THE BEST.  Well, maybe not the  best, but right now, I can't think of a single album that I like more than  this.  It is simply breathtaking.  First of all, it's a concept album.  The  whole album tells a story that depicts love, deception, death, and  reincarnation.  The craft in which the album was produced and arranged is  amazing.  Add to that the technical mastery of 3 guys from Berklee College  of Music, a keyboard player from the Julliard School of Music, and a  vocalist with an extraordinary range, and you've got one hell of an album.   But that's the thing though, the music is amazing, and it's extremely  technical, yet expressive, but it's the lyrical content which really moves  you.  Metropolis Pt 2: Scenes From A Memory is an artistic masterpiece that  truly shines musically, and lyrically.  A must-have.
157492589X|5.0|I have read reviews that this version of the miniseries has been edited down to 4hrs time?  If so, what the hell is going on?  This was by far the  best movie for television I have ever seen (for that matter one of the best  movies I have ever seen).  The version I saw was a two tape set, with very  good quality and the entire movie.  How do you remove two hours from a  movie where everything shown is integral to the film?  Robert Duvall's  performance was so awesome in this movie, and no other performance was  lacking.  The story was heartwarming and tragic and a testament to the  talent of Larry McMurtry.  Rerelease the enitre miniseries, for integrity's  sake!!!!
B000031WD9|5.0|This has to be the most funniest movie out. It has everything. If you haven't seen this movie yet, then go and watch it, you don't know what your  missing out on. The best movie every made. No stop laughing. If you like  funny movies, this is the one.
0385495315|5.0|This book almost reads like a murder mystery story. It combines historical data with the effect that codes have had upon the outcomes of  wars,business, and life in general.Once you start reading it, it may be  difficult to put down.
B000021XR5|5.0|I just bought this cd about three hours ago, and already I've listened to it twice.  I was totally blown away by it.  Even though I don't feel it is  their best cd, it definitely shows that STP are still capable of churning  out A Quality tunes.  This cd mixes a variety of old STP styles, but not  too much new stuff.  So, if you liked any of their last three albums, I  think this one will have something for you.  It takes elements from Core,  Purple, and Tiny Music..., kind of squishes them all together...and whoa!   out pops No. 4.   They've still got their L.A. grunge roots, with a  polished glam rock, alterna-beauty shell.  What a great cd.
B0000027DJ|3.0|The late 80's and early 90's were terrible times for the true Cooper fan, with one disappointing release after the other. This album includes  material only a little bit more interesting than the fittingly entitled  &quot;Trash&quot;. Only one song reminds you of the glorious past:  &quot;Might As Well Be On Mars&quot;. -Alice really ought to work more  often with co-writer Dick Wagner; together they wrote some of his best  stuff. And this song proves they can still do it. Also, Alice's vocals are  brilliant on this song. During this part of his career, Alice had a  tendency to get involved with the weirdest (read: wrong) people (the heavy  metal community), and to a certain extent still has. -Hey, Renfield, get  this message to the Master: how about a change of pace in the form of an  album of old evergreens; you know, Sinatra or Jack Jones-like ?. -Big band  sound and all. We all know he can do it (&quot;The Lady Is A Tramp&quot;,  &quot;I'm Always Chasing Rainbows&quot;, etc), and no one would mind in  these times where it's allowed to expand and experiment again. I even have  the title already: &quot;Cooper's Carnival Of Classic Songs&quot;. -Now,  THAT would be an interesting release !.
B000021XS0|5.0|True musical genius. Scenes From A Memory is stunningly brilliant. Thank you so much Dream Theater.
0446525537|2.0|I loved The Notebook and cried over Message in a Bottle and was so looking forward to this latest novel. I read it in three hours because I kept  waiting for the knockout twists of fate and remarkably crafted endings that  I'd come to respect and expect from Mr. Sparks. Instead, the entire book  was predictable and artificial, perhaps written in a rush, and a  disappointing Sunday read. And the whole book written in a 17-year-old's  voice was, well, a nice try, but weak and annoying. I hope this was a bump  in the road and not a preview of what's to come.
0425129586|5.0|This book is completely original, and the plot is so unpredictable, you will not believe where it leads!
B000002C1W|5.0|I can't believe all the negativity this album is recieving! OK, so it doesn't sound like 'classic' Floyd, and it doesn't have Roger Waters  (GOOD!), but to say this album is boring, dull and absolutely Pink Floyd's  worst album, is absolutely an ignorant statement. This album has some of  the most amazing, phenomenal, innovative, and touching music that I've  heard. It beats the crap out of most of that musical garbage that came off  &quot;The Wall&quot;. If &quot;The Wall&quot; wasn't based on a story,  would you like it then? (with the exception of about 5 songs). Oh, and I  happen to think that David Gilmour's lyrics are great. Songs like  &quot;Learning to Fly&quot;, &quot;On The Turning Away&quot;, &quot;Yet  Another Movie&quot;, and those 2 haunting passages &quot;A New  Machine&quot;, are what make this album the oh so underrated phenomenon  that it is. &quot;Terminal Frost&quot; is a very underrated instrumental.  Overall all 11 of the tracks are excellent, I just don't have time to write  about each of them.<br />One more question?<br />If this album was done by a band  called &quot;Green John&quot;, would you still be bashing it?<br />Argualbly,  Pink Floyd's top 2 albums are &quot;The Division Bell&quot;, and &quot;A  Momentary Lapse Of Reason&quot; because they were more MUSICAL then lyrical  pomposity and stupidity<br />If you wan't an insane story... READ A  BOOK!<br />Thanks, Amazon<br />4.12.20,10/18.
6303234844|5.0|The sound, the show, the different musicians and the selection of tunes made this concert one the best ever recorded live. The quality of musicians  that played with Peter Gabriel made the concert sound better than any  studio recording made. The different costumes and settings also made this a  great visual concert. I only wish that it was available on DVD. If it ever  comes out on DVD, I will purchase it immediately.
0553108034|4.0|Book 2 in one of the finest epic fantasy sequences ever written.  This is the volume where Martin's action really gets going.  Book 1 was largely an expository novel.  Martin introduced us to the characters and their backgrounds and seemed to tease us with some of the more fantastic elements in his world of Westeros; showing us the creepy ice villains, The Others at the very beginning of the novel, but then taking them away for the remainder of the book.<br />Book 2 is still light on the fantastic elements, but this in no way impairs its quality as a novel.  Martin's story takes off with action on every page.  Intrigue.  Treachery.  Villainy.  An amazing whirl through an incredible colorful world.  Compelling characters...some of which live, and some of which do not.  Martin has achieved an infamy in fan circles with his ruthlessness toward popular characters.  <br />This is a fabulous novel, and Martin's series is just getting started.  With a projected six novels, you can be assured of hours of entertaining reading.  And it only gets better!  As good as Book 2 is; Book 3 is even better.  George R.R. Martin is a master stylist sure to be remembered in genre lore as the equal of the old masters.  Highly recommended.
B000021XS0|5.0|I'm not a Dream Theater fan. I like them. Very much. But when I say that it's one of the most beautiful albums I've ever heard, i'm honest. If you  are looking for MTV 3 minutes easy listening songs, this is not for you.  But if you're looking for an exemple for what music can do, if some  astonishing musicians, a spectacular voice, lyrical lyrics (hum), epic  music, and much ambition are mixed, you're right here!! This album is not  an album as the others. Is not a concept album like the others. It's an  OPERA, with some characters, a moving trama, supported by the music of  dream theater, that i cannot describe with words. These songs are very good  as songs, but they are marvelous if listened as a part of an ensemble. Acts  and scenes contribute to make this album more like theatral operas,  eventough the story is more abstract than material. It's all a question  about memories, dreams, life and death. YOU MUST BUY IT!! I'M SURE THIS IS  THE ALBUM THAT WILL LET THE WORLD KNOW DREAM THEATER!! (if you don't have  this album: his real title is Metropolis part 2... if you know Dream  Theater's songs, that would let you think... that is a smart idea!!! we've  waited years for this!!!) byeeee!!
630512065X|5.0|I loved it!!  There's so much about this video that I love, and I hope to one day go to New York and see it live on Broadway!  I'm dieing to see all  of Growltiger!!!!  And, it even got me into danceing, I started exerciseing  more, and tried to get more fit, in order to dance Victoria's solo!!  It  was so purr-fect!
6301025083|5.0|A cinematic exploration into the very thing that makes life worth living. Very few films can lay claim to such a feat; it should be seen for the circus finale alone.
0446310786|5.0|This charming story is told through the eyes of a litttle girl in Alabama during the depression. While the core plot revolves around the trial of  black man accused of assaulting a white woman, there are actually a host of  themes: prejudice, isolation, fear, class struggle, education and race. The  hero of the book is Atticus, a kind of Ward Cleaver of the South. Atticus  is the soft-spoken lawyer, the father of the narrator, who maintains his  composure while others are giving in to irrational impulses like revenge or  murder. His self-control and ability to empathize with others are the  shining lights of this book. In an age when boorish self-expression is the  dominant cultural model, the gentle compassion and wisdom of Atticus Finch  remind us of another way.
6305513406|2.0|I was really disappointed with the DVD version of the original Star Trek series. It is too simple, the only extra feature on the DVD are those old  traillers which we can find in the American VHS version. If you compare it  with the British VHS versions you will see what I mean. In these VHS you  can find exclusive interviews with the actors and each video comes with a  card to collect; the difference on the quality of the image is almost  irrelevant and its case is very pretty and with all the videos together the  phrase &quot;We are the first to reach this far&quot; is formed; on the  other hand the DVD case is too simple with a stupid photo of a character  and in an ugly orange-colored stile. In my opinion Star Trek deserves more  and this is not the definite collection as people are saying, I bought it  and I am sorry I did it. I just hope that the The Next Generation DVD  version be better and released soon!!!
B000021XS0|5.0|This really is a masterpiece.  If you're a DT fan, this is what you've been waiting for.  It's a little of everything, and IMO, is much better  than their last studio album.  This is by FAR their best CD since  &quot;Awake.&quot;
6305627401|5.0|this is a brilliant satire.  It  pokes fun at censorship, at blaming the media everytime Little Timmy raises  a middle finger, and shows just how ridiculous it is to take the media too  seriously. If you are sensitive, easily offended, and busy protesting the  porn shop down the street, this is not your cup of tea.  However, if you  are a card-carrying member of the ACLU who loves the First Amendment, this  is the flick for you!
B00000J8EK|5.0|This record is a breakthrough. Electronic music at it's best. Once again, the Chmical Bro's bring us further into the realms of unknown music. BUY  THIS DISC. You'll need 5-6 full uninterrupted hearing of the whole disc.  Only then do you start to understand it's greatness.
B000000643|5.0|There are more focused records in their catalog (&quot;Liege &amp; Lief&quot;) and even more 1960s type offerings (the self-titled debut) but  this one stands out to me as the calling card for the Richard Thompson-era  FC.<br />There are too many covers and some really long arrangements here but,  to me, this is Fairport's best.  On &quot;Sailors Life&quot; and  &quot;Genesis Hall&quot; you get two of the most eerie songs on record.  On  the three Dylan songs you get real weird homages to their idol.  Some how  it all works.<br />Thompson's future strength as a songwriter is evident on  &quot;Genesis Hall&quot; and the band's eventual gravitation to straight  English folk becomes partially realized here.<br />Additionally,  &quot;Unhalfbricking&quot; is to Fairport Convention (and Richard  Thompson's career) as &quot;Led Zeppelin III&quot; is to Led Zeppelin:  a  stepping stone to what would be the path to wonderful things to come.<br />As  a stand-alone work, it is still strong due to its otherworldly sound and  diversity.  It is a hidden late 1960s classic and some of Sandy Denny's  finest moments.
B000002KD5|5.0|This was the one that started it all. With the follow through from &quot;Rumours&quot; and the Eagles smash &quot;Hotel California&quot;, the  60s and the Beatles became faded memories. Rock music had achieved new  heights. Buy this. Buy &quot;Rumours&quot;.
0805062971|5.0|Fight Club is a great piece of work that makes you see how crazy this world can get.  This book is one of the best I've read since John Grisham's  The Firm
6301969294|2.0|This movie is one of those adaptations that fails on pretty much every level and ends up even making the source material seem pretty specious; as  soon as you hear Rand's dialogue spoken aloud here, all you really can do  is laugh: &quot;I wish I'd never seen your skyscraper!&quot; Patricia Neal  (miscast) pants to Gary Cooper (miscast). King Vidor directs this as a  melodrama, not as a film of ideas, and it's pretty much an unintentional  laff-riot from beginnning to end (Vidor's also responsible for giving the  world that bottomless pit of camp &quot;Beyond the Forest&quot; the same  year-the movie famous for Bette Davis' declaration &quot;What a dump!&quot;  A double feature of both movies is probably more laughs in an evening than  statistics has laid down for our guidance).  It's hard to take Rand-or  anything else-seriously when you watch Neal slash Cooper across the face  with her riding crop. Rand's books really aren't filmable because their  impact is solely dependent upon the point of view of the author and  movies  are never the work of just one person. Also, much of what of works on the  page for Rand could never work on screen, as this movie so hilariously  makes apparent; any true advocate of Objectivism, Rand included, could  never flourish in committee-think, studio controlled 1940s Hollywood to  begin with.
0671502336|5.0|I don't believe this is an anti-war novel; I believe this is a novel about a man who is against being forced to fight a war in which he could be  KILLED.  I honestly don't think Yossarian cares if there is a war going  on--he just wants out.  This is undoubtedly the best novel I've ever read.   I finished this book a couple of years ago, and I still laughingly think  about some of the circumstances that Yossarian got himself into while  trying to get out of the war machine that he was part of.  You don't have  to be of the generation that fought WWII to thoroughly enjoy this book; in  fact, you don't have to know anything about war at all to cheer for  Yossarian in his attempt to escape the war.  Through the study of history  we learn that the victors of wars write the histories; Heller teaches us  that if every one gets killed during the war it won't matter who wins.   YOSSARIAN LIVES!
B000021XR5|4.0|I purchased this album today and I've given it five good listens so I feel competent to speak briefly about it.  <br />First of all, this is a really  good album!  I've enjoyed following STP through their different phases and  this is no different.  However, it is a bit different.  No. 4 takes the  best of what STP was doing on their first 3 albums and forges them into 11  fully developed and strong sounding tracks.<br />\\"Down\\", \\"Church On Tuesday\\",  \\"Glide\\" and \\"Atlanta\\" are the highlights of this album, for me at least.   <br />If you've enjoyed anything from STP weather it be their early heavier  work or their lounge-ish, poppy Tiny Music, you'll find something on this  album. <br />Can't wait for Scott to get out of rehab to seem them live again!  :)
0790733226|5.0|This movie actually made me think (Wow a shock!)  I enjoyed almost every minute of it, but I think it still deserves a 5 because of the questions it raises that I must answer.  I liked the ending a bit with all the mini  radio satalites( or did the just apear mini b/c they were so far away?)  near the end.  I recomend it to most people.
B000003S0I|5.0|I am a recent Crimson fan, having only discovered the bad about a year and a half ago. My first introduction to the bad was its first album. But I was  completely won over by this album. If you listen to this, you will have  heard modern music at its pinnacle.
B000021XS0|5.0|Quite a few old Dream Theater fans bought the album &quot;Falling into Infinity&quot;, realized that it was NOT the DT they'd always known and  loved, then swore off the masters forever.<br />Well, sorry guys. I know you  liked having that extra 15.99 a year to play around with, but you're not  going to be able to save it anymore.<br />Dream Theater &quot;Scenes from a  Memory&quot; is not actually a return to the form of &quot;Images and  Words&quot; or &quot;Awake&quot;. It is, stated simply, the best album that  has ever had the words &quot;Dream Theater&quot; stamped on the cover. It  may very well be the best progressive metal release of the Decade, and it  has best of the year locked up, no contest, no arguments. This is my  opinion after listening to it six times today, nonstop, from the moment I  bought the sucker.<br />It's a concept album, and it carries over a few  distinctive riffs and vocal parts from &quot;Images and Words&quot; Despite  this it is UNQUESTIONABLY a great album in it's own right. I&amp;W isn't  used as a crutch here at all... just for a pleasant association or  two.<br />Thick, warm, complex, emotional, technically brilliant, artfully  arranged....all of these qualities wrapped around the best concept story  I've ever heard in an album (Queensryche still has a close runner up with  Mindcrime though).<br />This sucker is worth it. It might even be enough to  make up for FII, and restore Dream Theaters good name among prog fans.
0887309372|4.0|I had to read this book for a project at work.  I found it very easy and enjoyable to read.  Even though it is written for Sr. Executives who are  able to make major decisions in organizations, I  found lots of valuable  information.
6304117752|5.0|When I was a little girl, I started watching this movie, and it had such a great impact on me.  What a wonderful movie.  It has everything: drama,  romance, coming of age, family, and war.  I really wanted to share the  experience with my niece and nephew only to find that I can't find it.  I  hope that the production companies realize that this movie is a classic and  to re-release it for the next generation.
B000002JPA|5.0|wow, what a band. I was listening to Images and Words ever since 92, when it came out, and 7 years after it's release it still always finds a way  into my CD player. James LaBrie's vocals are by far the best I've ever  heard. Everything from John Myung's bass to John Petrucci's guitar, is just  awe inspiring. This CD is a compliment to humanity.
B000021XR5|4.0|It's hard to believe that ROLLING STONE only gave this album 3 out of 5 stars while continuing to champion the likes of Ol' Dirty Bastard and other  talentless performers.  STP delivers what is probably their heaviest album  since &quot;Core,&quot; while at the same time providing a counterbalance  of dreamy, atmospheric pop a la the Beatles.  Scott Weiland has never  sounded better, displaying a dazzling array of vocals ranging from gritty  and hoarse to almost angelic.  The rest of the band is solid as ever, with  Eric Kretz and Dean DeLeo locking horns to form one of the best rhyth,  sections in recent rock history.  The guitars on the album are generally  heavy, but do at times take a break from all the noise to deliver more  harmonious guitar lines.  The album kicks off with the rolling  &quot;Down,&quot; the thunderous first single that recalls elements of  STP's earlier hit &quot;Sex Type Thing.&quot;  &quot;No. 4&quot; may not be  as radio-friendly as its predecessors, but it will definitely please the  band's fans.  It is STP's most diverse effort to date, and one that becomes  increasingly enjoyable with repeated listenings.
B000005H40|5.0|Giving this recording less than 5 stars is absurd.  Those who do, might be trying too hard to impress themselves or everyone else.  This isn't  complicated stuff here folks, just pure quality.  Buy, listen, relax.  One  of the best...
B000021XS0|5.0|This album is for all the Dream Theater fans who felt that ol' DT was slowly and steadily starting to suck. Most longtime fans (myself included)  regard Images and Words as their best effort, with Metropolis, Part I:  &quot;The Miracle and the Sleeper&quot; as their greatest musical statement  as proven by every Internet poll on the subject. Awake was a strong effort  but in my opinion failed to capture the genious of their original major  label debut. Their next studio album, Falling into Infinity, was in my  opinion an overly-commercial, ultra-slick dissapointment for fans, critics,  and sales alike. I thought producer Kevin Shirley really took away what  made the band so great on that album.<br />Thankfully, co-producers  Mike  Portnoy and John Petrucci (heh heh) are at the helm of this album and it  shows. This album really redefines what Dream Theater is all about. It's  full of all the things that got their fans hooked in the first  place--blistering musicianship mixed with deep interludes, complex  arrangements, and   lyrics that don't make one cringe. Without saying too  much, you will be blown away. The whole album blends together into a  monstrous, monolithical, megalomaniacal menagerie of a musical statement.  Forget Falling into Infinity and forget Awake, Scenes from a Memory is THE  sequel to Images and Words. Period.
0375707972|5.0|The story, presented more or less convincingly, is a means of grappling with the larger questions of crime and punishment as they relate to people  who personally experienced Germany's Hitler regime and to the postwar  generation that tries to understand it retrospectively.  The reader quickly  finds that old assumptions regarding victims and perpetrators have to be  questioned, at least suspended, to come to terms with that ever pressing  question: &quot;How could this happen?&quot;  Unwillingness to follow the  author along this route will only leave the reader irritated, realizing  perhaps that this unwillingness may be grounded in unacknowledged  prejudice.  Those who will follow the author may learn that some human  conflicts are too traumatic to ever be resolved, but that love may overcome  hate in trying to understand.  Given the mostly singular perspective  offered by today's media in the representation of World War II events, this  is a refreshing book that should not be missed by anyone trying to fathom  the more extreme diminsions of the human soul.
6305609691|5.0|This film is more freightening than John Carpenter, Steven King, and Friday the Thirteenth rolled into one. The arrow attack on the PBR makes  Fort Apache look like kid's stuff. The sound track screams for DVD while  Morrison has never sounded more sinister.
B000002ITW|4.0|Like many a fine antique rug, this album has a few ragged edges. &quot;Ohio&quot; and &quot;Chicago&quot; are simply out of date, and  Stephen's &quot;For What It's Worth&quot; rewrite at the end of &quot;49  Bye Byes&quot; is embarrassingly bad. But FOUR WAY STREET is mostly a  collection of truly sublime moments from the '70 tour--David's haunting  solo &quot;Triad&quot; and the almost surreal harmony singing on &quot;Lee  Shore&quot; and &quot;Laughing&quot;; the vital electric jams on  &quot;Southern Man&quot; and &quot;Carry On&quot;; Neil's unplugged medley  that didn't make it onto the original LP, plus his gorgeous acoustic takes  of &quot;Cowgirl in the Sand&quot; and &quot;On The Way Home&quot;;  Stephen's &quot;Find The Cost of Freedom&quot;, which says more about 1970  America in four lines than that entire raving mess mentioned previously;  and a passionate reading of &quot;Black Queen&quot; in which he withers a  couple of giggling fools in the audience with the great line: &quot;One  thing the blues ain't. . .is FUNNY.&quot; Graham Nash seems to have taken a  back seat on this set, although &quot;Right Between the Eyes&quot; is a  decent tune, the electric romp on &quot;Pre-Road Downs&quot; is energetic,  and there is a nice version of the Hollies' &quot;King Midas in  Reverse&quot; that wasn't on the original vinyl.<br />Not just a time capsule,  but some damn beautiful music.
B000021XS0|1.0|As if Falling Into Infinity wasn't bad enough, the members of Dream Theater create a concept album of 78 minutes of meaningless musical  movements.  Scene One and Scene Two are excellent.  After that the album  just turns into a circus of masturbating musicians with absolutely nothing  to say.  Even worse is James LaBrie.  He's crowning achievement is his  ability to annoy the listener with his incessant whining, singing style.   His and his bandmates' lyrics are pedestrian at best.  It is obvious that  Mike Portnoy and John Petrucci still have not matured as songwriters nor as  players.  John Myung should have learned his lesson by now that he should  find a band that will actually let him play; instead of letting him play as  a shadow. And Jordan Rudess,  the newest member of Dream Theater, his  playing is paralyzed by a whiney vocalist, an over mixed guitarist and rip  off drummer.  As anyone that is familiar with Dream Theater knows, is that  they follow what has already been done.  For example, Fates Warning.  They  release an amazing live album, Still Life, and the Dream Theater release a  mediocre live album, Once In A Livetime.  Fates Warning releases a 12 part  concept album, Dream Theater releases a concept album with 12 tracks. Do  not buy this album.  Purchase more worthy recordings by Dream Theater:   Awake and Images and Words.   In fact, save your money for Fates Warning  albums.  By far a more superior band than these facsimile musicians.
0553278398|5.0|This book, Forward the Foundation and Foundation and Earth are connecting the robot series (The Caves of Steel, The Naked Sun, The Robots of Dawn,  Robots and Empire) with the Foundation Trilogy (Foundation, Foundation and  Empire, Second Foundation). Still I would recommend first to read the robot  novells and the Foundation Trilogy.
B000021XR5|4.0|Well, my fears have been suspended.  The STP guys have produced an album that is worthy to join the ranks of their past recordings.  I was worried  for a little while, though.  Of course, I don't believe it will ever be  able to beat the beautiful yet heavy sounds of Purple, their second CD.   But then I suppose it is difficult to reproduce perfection.  If you like  them or love them, buy this album.  Church on Sunday and Heaven &amp; Hot  Rods are my favorites.  And if you are a super, mega fan of these guys, you  might want to check out the band Talk Show which features all the original  band members minus Scott Weiland.  Also listen to Scott's solo CD, Twelve  Bar Blues.  They aren't as good, but you do get a little taste of what they  can do on their own.  It's really too bad Scott Weiland couldn't lay off  the drugs.  I would really have liked to have seen them tour.  Oh well.  We  still have the music.
0553293397|5.0|I love both robots and Foundation novells. This is the second book of the robot novells preceded by The Caves of Steel and followed by The Robots of  Dawn and Robots and Empire, which in turn is connected to the Foundation  novells.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|This movie is just so different, it's not about natural disasters, it's not about mafia, and it's not about aliens!!!  i was getting fed up with  movies copying each other, but this one is so different!!!<br />Don't miss  it!!
B000002B7U|3.0|THeres not one inch of virtuosity in this CD. Tha band plays conventional rock, but that with Ozzy is always garantee of good songs. The disc is what   you would call &quot;average&quot;. The greatess sin in this remastered  versions is the front cover of the CD. CDs has already a small space, and  they reduced it even more, showing no respect for Boris Vallejos  phenomenal original cover art for this albun.
B000007NYS|5.0|Wow... I just noticed no one else has reviewed this masterpiece.  I just saw Ms. Williams perform at House of Blues in Los Angeles and it reminded  me what an awesome surprise it was to discover this unbelievably talented  woman.  Let's see... as a songwriter she's fully the equal of Neil Young,  Peter Townsend or Joni Mitchell, and frequently exceeds them.  As a singer,  you'd have to rank her with Janis Joplin, Dusty Springfield, Linda Ronstadt  or Tracy Nelson.  Her music encompasses the same range that Neil Young  covers, from blissfully gorgeous folk-country, to hard rock, with just as  much passion, and surely more technical skill.  She is a poet, a blues  scholar, a woman given to almost naked emotional confession, a teller of  tall tales, a tunesmith, a great bandleader.  The fact that she is still  mostly unknown is probably mostly her fault... she doesn't really treat  this as a career, but as a calling.  But the upside is, every song and  every performance on her two key albums (this one and &quot;Car  Wheels...&quot;) is a classic, and becomes a permanent fixture in your  life.  She is a joy to be shared.
B00000JZC4|5.0|I had no idea what I was getting into when I purchased this disk.  Yeah, I had heard &quot;Take a Picture.&quot;  It was catchy.  Pretty damned good,  actually.  But totally harmless.  I expected 11 tracks of the same.  Not  so.<br />I'll admit: at first I hated it.  Terribly.  The only merit I thought  it had was that the beat had the potential to make me a better driver.  But  I thought the rest was total crap.  And then I listened again.  And, for  some reason, again.  And again.  Ad infinitum.  I need new speakers!  While  &quot;Picture&quot; is good, it in no way competes with the rest of the  tracks, which have kept me up at night.  This CD needs to be turned up so  loud that your rear-view mirror is ready to clock you in the head and your  kidneys are about to fall out.  Only then can you truly appreciate the  assault.  I felt vulnerable and violated after that.  It takes about 4  listens to creep up on you and then WHAM!!!!  you're infected.  Words  cannot possibly express the emotional turmoil I've been in as a result of  this disk.  I eagerly anticipate their next effort.
0767817664|5.0|I rented this movie to laugh at based on the previews. As it is now one of my favorite horror films and I own the DVD. Great film especially with a  huge bowl of popcorn.
1573300403|5.0|Just bought this Michael Jackson DVD.  It is magical.  People who watched it with me never realised the purely magical nature of Michael's songs,  dance and persona.  Get it if you already haven't!<br />Big Fan
B000002AZ8|5.0|I've been a huge PJ fan since I first saw them perform on SNL back in '92. I love all their records and find it hard to choose a favorite, but I have  to admit there's just something about Vitalogy. It has some strange  frenetic energy to it that consistantly pulls me back to it more often than  any other PJ recording. Besides having two of my favorite PJ tunes on it  (Tremor Christ and Corduroy - God, they're good!), I've always loved the  reviled Bugs and Aye Davanita. To me, they fit in perfectly. It's a  strangely beautiful record.
0307120007|2.0|My son loves feel &amp; touch books, lift-the flap books and anything with exciting colours &amp; images.  Having read the previous reviews for this  book, I was eagerly awaiting it's arrival.  Sadly I was disappointed, and  my son has shown little interest , prefering many of his other books to  this one.  The principal is great, but the book is rather dated - a new  version, with more interesting illustrations but keeping the old ideas,  would go a long way.
B000021XS0|3.0|As a long-time Dream Theater fan, I couldn't wait to get my hands on this CD. I'm disappointed. What seems like great music is dulled by poor  production quality. It's difficult to pick out some of the instruments'  parts. Sometimes I'll hear hints of a keyboard line which sounds like it  might really add to music, if only it had been brought out more. The jam  sessions don't sound as tight as I expect from Dream Theater, I think  largely due to the mudiness of the recording. I feel like I'm listening to  the CD with a blanket over my head. If things were recorded more cleanly  and intruments brought out more during the mix, this CD may have earned  another star or two. Too bad. The story is interesting and the lyrics  decent. This CD really could have been something.
B000001A9P|5.0|Natural Wonder showcases Stevie at his best, surrounded by a full orchestra that complements his expressive songs consistently and  powerfully. This album truly is a natural wonder-one of the most moving,  magical albums you'll ever hear. The album opens up with Dancing To The  Rythm, a chill-inducing, beautiful tribute to Stevie's personal faith in  God. The album goes on to include nearly every one of Stevie's biggest  hits, with some of the true standouts on the album being the electrifying  &quot;Another Star&quot;, &quot;Superstition,&quot; and  &quot;Overjoyed.&quot; However, there's not a song on here that won't  please. There's no limit to this wonderful man's creativity or talent.
B0000021RG|5.0|Chicago at Carnegie Hall was the first album I sunk my teeth into as a High schooler. I could'nt put it down.    After many years,(I'm 42 now)and  somehow loosing my whole record collection,I decided this CD would be one  of the first in my collection of the new media...CDs.    Once my  kids(teens) heard this CD, I have lost it again...only to continuously find  it in their CD players.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|Picture quality is amazing!!, and the audio is perfect the Dolby 5.1 is incredible and, well, we all know the Ghostbusters, a really clasic to own.
0553296981|4.0|I am reading Anne Frank's diary for my Language Arts class, but I really enjoy reading it.  It makes you think about how lucky we are to live in  1999. Anne was a brave girl and very patient while living in the Secret  Annexe. I would recommend it to all people, especially teenagers. There are  a couple of gross parts, but the good parts out-number the bad. If you  haven't read it - READ IT NOW!!!!
B000006OAM|5.0|A very profound album consisting of beautiful vocals, simple but supportive musical arrangements and piercing, provocative lyrics. If your  the type of person who enjoys lyrics/music that pulls at your heartstrings  then this is the definitive CD for you. The overall tempo of the CD can be  percieved as slow and sombre with the most upbeat song being &quot;Kind And  Generous&quot; but every song has merit and can easily stand alone. Fav.  songs- Frozen Charlotte, Life Is Sweet, My Skin, King Of May, and Ring The  Golden Bells.  Peris and Davenport's backing vocals complement Natalie's  voice beautifully. Well Done Natalie!  Looking forward to your next effort.  Hey, can you recommend a good shrink? HaHa....
6302902010|3.0|I am writing to register my agreement with the other reviews.  Finally I know why the original Porgy &amp; Bess is not out on videotape.  Do we have to wait for Sidney Poitier to die to see that wonderful version of Porgy  &amp; Bess?  Can you let him know how many of his fans want to see this  movie again and do not consider it demeaning to him or his race?
0792156684|3.0|yes it's james cameron, and big budget but it's too long, and the story could be set anywhere, not just the doomed ship the Titanic.  anyway, i was  not thrilled but had to give it some stars just for the effects and not  altogether horrible acting.  after all, it had cathy bates.
B000002BBY|4.0|Well, prompted by the reviewer on the 23rd that mentioned my previous review, I gave this another listen with an open mind (all the way through),  making every attempt to block out all of my urges to cringe every time I  heard a &quot;Beatle-esque&quot; nuance come to my attention. And guess  what... I actually liked it! And let the truth be told, as a hardcore  Beatles fan... you somehow can't help but feel a little proud that there is  a band that is harking back to the greatest musical decade in history (that  being the '60s) and creating, for the most part, a fresh updated sound  using some of the best styles and sounds from that era. I think that a lot  of people (myself included) were to quick to jump to conclusions and make  pre-determined assumtions of this band when they heard all of the comments  regarding their &quot;Beatle-esque&quot; style. But this music (although  still nowhere near the caliber of anything the Beatles ever did) is very  appealing in its own way and Liam Gallagher's searing  &quot;Lennon-esqe&quot; vocals are very raw and distinctive. So, speaking  as one rabid Beatles fan to all of the others out there... give Oasis a  listen. You just might be surprised!
B00001QEBQ|2.0|way boring chinese tale with eddie murphy inexplicably doing the dragon's voice.  plot is slow and only the occasionally amazing animation saves this  from putting you to sleep after 5 minutes.
B000009QPK|5.0|Slayer is a great,veteran band. They are also one of the best bands live. This is the best live disc released in the 90's,that's for sure! Excellent  all around.The production and the way it was mixed is superb. Starting off  with &quot;Hell Awaits&quot; ripping right into &quot;The Antichrist&quot;  leaves chills up and down your spine,it's so awsome. &quot;Raining  Blood&quot; is incredible. &quot;Chemical Warfare&quot; is my fave on  this,straight in your face thrash metal LIVE! This whole 2 disc set is  great,the songs I listed are just MY standout picks. They don't make live  albums like this anymore. Decade of Aggression is a masterpiece in live  recording.
0380730405|5.0|I loved this book.  it tells a story of mystery, and romance.  this book is fully developed.  it's got an awesome ending that completely caught me  off guard.  Superb use of first person narrative which fully explores the  mind of the narrator.  I recommend this book to everyone.
B000000OPU|5.0|The soundtrack to a generations teen agnst.
6303393977|5.0|This is much more than just a classic Western or one of the first &quot;buddy&quot; movies. It marks an important stage in the history of US  and world cinematography. It HAS to be made available for this reason as  well as for the pure joy it still gives. R. Redford said he considered his  part in it the most important role he ever played. Well - to make a long  story short - let's make it available for everybody once again.<br />Thanks
B000002AV5|5.0|Sade could be identified as Venus, the love goddess.  When she sings, she really makes you get into the music.  It's hard to listen to her sing and  not get caught up into it.  The vibes that the songs give off are  incredible.  If you ever want to get in a mellow mood, this is the kind of  music to look for.
0345350499|5.0|This story was so beautifully written that at one time I had to stop to think to myself: was it how it happened?  The characters are so alive and  full of life that it is impossible not to fall in love with Lancelet and  Arthur.  This is a must.  Everybody should read it.  Or at least have it in  their bookshelves!
B00001U0GQ|5.0|I LOVE this movie.  I've got VHS and 2 LDs (AC3 and non-AC3) of it.  This movie surpasses the original B&amp;W in all aspects.  The highly detail  historic background and rich storyline stirs my emotions and wouldn't let  go.  Daniel is so heroic and the love story is subtle yet powerful.  Every  moment is a masterpiece.  The photographic of the movie is top-notch.  You  couldn't believe the photographer could make a savage war movie so  beautiful.  Mann had really planned the pace, script, music and photography  marvelously. The frontier is presented like a dream-like world,  yet  barbaric story is happening in this hauntingly-beautiful place.  This movie  got an Oscar for best sound and it shows.  It is destined to be an epic.   This kind of movie is the sole reason we love movies in the first place.  I  really hope FOX would release the DVD in anamorphic form so I could watch  it in my Victor 32MP900 widescreen progressive TV.  5 stars is not enought  to express my view.
6303972810|5.0|I could have sworn that I seen two scenes when I was young that haven't been on any version I have seen since.  Looking around, I found the  original script had the very scenes I thought I had seen once.  I hope to  see the whole version again sometime.  One was of Willow meeting a boy in  the lake (as he was looking for Fin-Rasel(sp?) who turned into a monster.   Another scene was in the maze of rocks near the end as he heads towards  Bavmorta's Castle he has to use the wand to burn down a wall of thorns.   Anybody else who have seen the scenes please give me an e-mail and tell me  I'm not crazy and I accually saw these.  So far everything I've found so  far says they don't exsist except in the script.  <br />P.S.  No Magic/Swordsman movie exists that tops  this story.  If you haven't seen it, go rent/buy now.
B000000OPW|5.0|Simply the best Siouxsie CD since Juju.  Cascade with the band into their souls to find a strange tranquility you have never experienced.  If you  want to experience &quot;TRUE GOTH&quot;, then listen to this CD.  It is  the best.  Thank you Siouxsie.
0790731983|5.0|To make an invidious claim like that in my summary, above, may seem flip or facile, but in this case it is a very carefully considered opinion.   First off, Bob Fosse, in collaboration with Fred Ebb and John Kander, has  basically solved the &quot;suspension of disbelief&quot; problem of  musicals -- you know, someone's washing dishes and suddenly they break out  singing with a chorus and orchestra and maybe even choreography... here,  the live music is all in the Kit Cat Club and music in the live scenes is  on the radio, or phonograph, or is actually sung by a crowd at a  Biergarten.  But this structural element beside, what makes this musical so  great is its crystallization of a moment in history, a moment of flux and  frightening change.  And the musical numbers in the Club view these changes  in the world outside as if through a cracked mirror:  a point vividly  brought to visual reality by the frame shots at the beginning and end,  where the fractured reflection of the crowd in the club is viewed in the  cracked, scalloped glass screen while a drumroll sounds.  I can't fathom  how some can fault the storyline, or its subtle setting in the middle of  proto-Nazi Berlin. It vividly shows how people immersed in hedonism, or the  day-to-day drudge, or parochial politics, lived while this cancer grew in  their society.   Fosse's choreography in the Club is perhaps the pinnacle  of his art: grotesque and lascivious while at the same time arresting and  even, in a weird way, hauntingly beautiful and powerful.  The juxtaposition  of the fantasy-escape transmutation of the world outside, and its reality,  is pure cinema (such as the bizarre &quot;If You Could See Her Through My  Eyes&quot; number juxtaposed with the beauty and solemnity of the Jewish  wedding ceremony, for starters).  Fosse's art is also, very much like that  of Fellini, an art of faces:  in perhaps the most chilling musical sequence  ever filmed, a young boy in a Biergarten begins singing, what firstseems,  merely a patriotic song.  At the beginning of the scene Fosse focuses on  the faces in the crowd, ordinary people of all sorts, young and old, poor  and rich.  And then as the song builds, and the Nazi ideology becomes  audible, how those faces change and react, until most (not all!) of the  crowd joins in, little by little, as the boy, now assisted by older  brownshirted young men, raises his swastika-banded arm in a &quot;Sieg  heil!&quot; salute.  Absolutely chilling and at the same time stirring --  one can feel how easy it might have been to have been swept up in a crowd  mentality of jingoistic patriotism.  Nothing like it had even been filmed  in a musical, nor has been since.  That Liza Minnelli and Joel Grey, et al,  did a sterling job, that the production values were of the finest, cannot  be disputed!  NO other musical, taken as art, taken as CINEMA, can compare.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp Bizkit's &quot;Significant Other&quot;, is one of the best albums ever written, performed, ad put together. They come out with something a  whole lot different than the first and it turns out to be a great album!
B00000J7J4|4.0|If you go in looking for Santana of yore, you'll be disappointed. It's like comparing Arena Football with the NFL. If you expect NFL you won't be  happy. But, if you expect entertainment, Arena is  exciting! It's a great  CD, just keep an open mind.
B000002UDB|5.0|There are no words to describe how much the Beatles changed music.  Magical Mystery Tour, like Sgt Pepper, was a departure from the fab four  mop-top image in the midst of screaming teenage girls in Beatlemania.   During Pepper's, the band completely changed the direction of the band,  they introduced themselves as a new band, rennaming the band Sgt.Pepper's  Lonely Hearts Club Band, and took a much diffent approach to their music.   Their melodic ideas were much more mature and their use of orchestration  was more complex, ever stretching the boundries of what was possible, both  in the masterpiece rock and roll compositions of Lennon/McCartney and the  production of George Martin and EMI records ancient 4 track mixer.   On  Magical Mystery Tour, the band moved further in the direction set by the  release of Pepper's...(some of the songs in fact were suppossed to be on  Pepper). &quot;Fool on the Hill&quot; is a beautiful composition and is a  great example of the perfection of McCartney's songs.  Perfect melodic and  motivic development, amazing melody, and beautiful chords.  On  &quot;Flying&quot;, I must say despite what the other IGNORANT reviewers in  the column say, it is the first Hip-Hop song.  Listen to the drums and the  riff.  Its short and perfect. A perfect example of the ever exploring  Beatles.  &quot;Your Mother Should Know&quot; is a great short one that  displays McCartney at his best.  &quot;I Am the Walrus&quot;, simply, is  one of Lennon's best works.  A brilliant masterpiece, this song is one of  the most influential and inventive recordings ever made and it's hard to  believe that this was recorded on a 4 track.  &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot;, a  Harrison masterpiece, is a hint of the experiments to come from the quiet  Beatle. &quot;Penny Lane&quot; is without question one of the best pop  songs ever written. &quot;Hello Goodbye&quot; is a simple, catchy tune that  further displays the Beatles' as a master if the contemporary American  song. &quot;Baby You're a Rich Man&quot; is a rocker where if you have any  experience listening to great bass players, you might, just might find that  McCartney happens to be the best rock bassist EVER. &quot;Strawberry  Fields&quot; is a Lennon masterpiece where Lennon was starting to express  himself musically in new ways. The lyrics are very deep and expressive, not  to mention the beautiful orchestral development within the song. &quot;All  You Need Is Love&quot; is one of the defining songs of our time.  This  song, not only it's lyrical message, but musically sums up the meaning of  life.   If you have read this far in this review, I hope you agree with me.   If you do not, perhaps you are one of those ignorant individuals who, like  the people below me who gave this album 1 or 2 stars have totally missed  out on life because you do not understand the Beatles.  Yes, you may prefer  &quot;Meet the Beatles&quot; or &quot;Help!&quot; or something from that  period, but you have to understand the Beatles were the most influential  band of all time and the re-invented themselves every record. If they  didn't re-invent thier music and weren't as genius as they were and are  now, they maybe would have phased out with all the other early 60's bands  who all sounded trhe same.  But the Beatles were different, and remain the  greatest asset the world has ever known.  Thank God for John Lennon, Paul  McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr.
B0000009SI|5.0|If you love all sorts of music, pick this cd. It has everything, ranging from jazz to blues to good old rock 'n' roll.  Zappa mastery is exemplified  in this fine piece of art.  Best listened to straight through.
6304211740|5.0|Since watching this movie on television, I've been haunted by the beauty of both the love story and the beautiful scenery. I've seen other versions,  but nothing prepared me for the impact this movie would have on my soul.  I've not read the book but plan to after viewing this video I'm ordering  again and again.
B000000W5L|5.0|Robert Johnson was the greatest bluesman of all time.  The Rolling Stones had the audacity to take his masterpiece &quot;Stop Breaking Down,&quot;  and turn it around and upside down and make it into an even greater song.   This song is the centerpiece of the five songs that end this CD with the  greatest flourish of any album in history:  &quot;All Down the Lline,&quot;   &quot;Let It Loose,&quot;  &quot;Stop Breaking Down,&quot; &quot;Shine a  Light,&quot; and &quot;Soul Survivor.&quot;  And the rest of the album's  not bad either.
6302909651|4.0|Sliver is on my list of sharon stone's &quot;best of&quot;. The only other good films she is in include: Basic Instinct and Casino. Sliver is a dark,  moody piece of cinema.  The score is also dark and very haunting.  One song  that is played throughtout the film is &quot;Carly's Song&quot; by enigma.   This sets the pace for the film, where Carly moves into a daunting,  mysterious apartment complex with a shady history. There she is being  watched just like all the other unassuming tennants.  The million dollar  questionis, WHO is the culprit?  Exactly WHO is doing the watching.  It is  a voyeurs wet dream this movie is.  <br />What I enjoyed most about this film  is the dreariness of the way it was filmed, and of course the eerie music  to go along with it. Only ignorant people can't look past the sex and nudity.  It  is also a compelling tale of a loser who gets his rocks off by watching  other people's lives like he is watching a soap opera.  He does this by  installing hidden video cameras in all the rooms of the apartment  building.......creepy, very very creepy.<br />Sharon Stone shines here, in a  very underrated thriller.  If u like to watch, u will definately like to  watch this!
6304119046|3.0|As I have already reviewed &quot;Kane&quot; here at Amazon, (twice! See below) this addition is merely an attempt to clarify the issue here. All I  can say, TL, is perhaps more viewers could concentrate on the  &quot;emotional&quot; story of &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; if it carried some  emotional resonance. It doesn't. The technical wizardry comprises the only  resonance this film has, and that is why most of the &quot;snobs,&quot; and  even some of the &quot;MTV-ites,&quot; ape over it. I am reminded of the  words of critic Egon Larsen, &quot;It is a fascinating picture, but because  of its congestion of technical stunts, it fails to move us.&quot;
B00000I8UD|2.0|Personally and speaking only for myself, it's all very well made, he knows his little tweaks and fiddles by now, and I'm sure his guest musicians were  all on his wavelength. But by gawd, what a crashing bore - there seems to  be no sense of emotion here, just lovely little droning ditties to package  the new-found emotional centering in. It seems like Sylvian keeps getting  more and more interested in making perfect little soundscapes as a means to  an end, instead of using the 'scapes as a means for connection to a  listener. It is terribly dissapointing from the person who (helped)  craft(ed) pieces like Blackwater, Heartbeat, the whole Beehive album, etc.  He's turned into the Steely Dan of the Eno set.
B00000K19E|5.0|I think that the movie was great!  Morpheous was my favorite character (but I am a big fan of his anyway). He was so sexy I wanted to rip him off  the screen.  This movie is the best I have seen in a long time and I do not  know anyone who thought it was a bad movie.  Especially the special effects  were the best. I recommend this movie to anyone.
0783222955|5.0|I have seen the movie a bunch of times.  I thought it captured the mood of a small, Southern town perfectly.  Harper Lee, the author, based the  character of Dill on her real-life childhood chum, Truman Capote.  So the  geekiness of Dill made perfect sense.  This movie always takes me back to  moments in my own childhood when all you had to do on a summer day was wake  up, get dressed, eat breakfast, and then decide how you and your friends  will spend the day.  I only wish I could have had a Daddy like Atticus  Finch.  What a wonderful role model he was for his children.
B000021XR5|3.0|I've been a long time fan of this band and have been waiting out drug rehabs and bad solo projects to finnally get a new STP album. What a let  down.  The songs sound really un-inspired and the end result is an album  from a great band just going through the motions.  Really lack-luster.
B000021XR5|5.0|YES! I've been waiting for this album for over 3 years, and I wasn't disapointed. This album has a mixture of all three of there albums and some  new styles. There are some hard songs like &quot;Down&quot;, &quot;Heaven  &amp; Hot Rods&quot;, &quot;No Way Out&quot;, and &quot;Sex &amp;  Violence&quot; that brings back the Core days. And then there are a few  slower songs such as &quot;Sour Girl&quot; and &quot;Atlanta&quot;. This is  one of the albums that I can say all the songs are great. It is rumored  that STP will save Rock N Roll, and I believe it.
B000002UVX|5.0|The guitar work on this album is beyond comprehension.  The band is at once devisive, swirling and frantic, and yet a tight and cohesive monolith.   Jimi conducts the band with such precision and ease that the music and the  album flow perfectly.  This is an album where you cannot name the different  tracks because they all flow into one another, much like Pink Floyd's  Darkside of the Moon. The playing on Machine Gun is other worldly. It is at  once ephemeral and timeless.  If you listen to this album it is hard to  imagine to what heights Hendrix might have taken music if not for his  untimely death. Buy it, listen to it at least 2 times...you'll see what I  mean.
B000001GS2|5.0|This is one of the finest rcordings of Pagliacci ever!!  The two show stoppers here are Carlo Bergonzi and Herbert von Karajan.  First of all,  Bergonzi is perfect as the tormented Canio.  He literally makes the tears  leap right off of the grooves on this recordings.  In &quot;Vesti la  Giubba&quot; he delivers a performance of a man whose whole world has just  fallen down around him and in the second act aria &quot;No Pagliaccio non  Son&quot; portrays a man totally at the end of his rope.  One other point  of interest to me on this aria.  Bergonzi literally soars up to his B flats  here.  Not straining like so many other Tenors are want to do.  Bergonzi  also realizes a certain lyricism in this role that only a few like  Bjoerling, Gigli, and Di Stefano were capable of (the original Canio,  Fernando De Lucia,  was really a more lyric Tenor).  To me this is a  perfect performance of Pagliacci.  Von Karajan's tempi are perfect and his  phrasing with the orchestra is exquisite.  When I first heard Taddei's  Tonio I didn't much care for it, but the more I listen the more I have  grown to like, yea even love, it.  Taddei delivers, what I consider, a very  Gobbi like performance, which I feel is truer to the realization of this  character than, say a Warren, Milnes, or MacNeil.  Joan Carlyle is a very  fine Nedda, though not in the same league as de Los Angeles or Callas, but  very compelling nonetheless.  Rolando Panerai sings very well, if not a bit  too robust, in the lyric baritone role of Silvio (my favorite is still  Robert Merrill in the Cellini/Bjoerling/De Los Angeles recording).  This  recording not only possesses the great Tenor voice of Carlo Bergonzi, but  also the equally wonderful lyric Tenor voice of Ugo Bennelli in the role of  Beppe/Arlequino, who sings the role with a beauty and ease unequaled by any  other Tenor,  on any other recording.  A perfect recording of I Pagliacci,  and certainly the best of the stereo recordings (Bjoerling, Gigli, and DiStefano are all mono).  Now if DGG will only rerelease the accompanying  Cavalleria Rusticana that was originally coupled with this recording!  You  simply must buy this recording!!!
0393037010|5.0|Warning:  Do not enter the world of Patrick O'Brian unless you are ready to be swept up into a world that is both wonderful and 20 volumes long.  <br />I started with #16 by accident, then bought #1, then #2. Then seven more  volumes at one time, then all the others.  The other reviews here tell the  tale.  These books are not adventure stories, although they are packed with  adventure.  Think of Hawthorne as author of the Star Trek saga.  Prepare to  have your vocabulary doubled -- and your knowledge of the Royal Navy, the  French Navy, the Continental Navy, geography, early medicine, botany, not  to mention how to act honorably (or should I say honourably) at every  occasion.  How to starve.  How to sail, how to woo, how to take a cannon  ball in the arm.  All this useful info and much more await your reading  delight.  The two greatest paragraphs I have ever read are contained in  these volumes.<br />Become a member of an invisible community.  Nod knowingly  to strangers holding books with that certain cover design on buses and  airplanes.  I've read them all, and I'm about to buy the last.  I have  learned to read them slowly, because every page is one page closer to the  finish of another great story and voyage of discovery, each one different  than the others.  I am sad that #20 may be the last.  I have been  privileged to have made the journey.  &quot;Anon, my dears, there's not a  moment to spare...&quot;
0800129806|5.0|I watched this movie for the first time the other day and have watched it every day since.  I think I have always wanted Guinivere and Lancelot to  get together.  I loved the scene where they finally kissed.  I think  Richard Gere was great for the part of Lancelot, accent or not.  Julia  Ormond made a beautiful and perfect Guinivere, and Ben Cross did a very  believable job of playing the evil Malagant.  Sean Connery couldn't have  been a better choice for the noble King Arthur.  I thought the costumes and  settings were wonderful also.  An all around great film.
0140186395|1.0|&quot;East of Eden&quot; appeals to the unthinking reader like few so-called &quot;classics&quot; out there.  The characters are either very,  very bad or very, very good; everyone talks portentiously; readers are  given to understand that Steinbeck means to teach us Important Lessons.   But there's really nothing to be learned from Steinbeck's black-and-white  world; his novel has no connection to reality as we know it.  &quot;East of  Eden&quot; belongs in the &quot;must to avoid&quot; category; do yourself a  favor and, if you insist on having a basic understanding of this book, wait  until your children are reading it in high school and get yourself the  Cliff Notes.  I promise you won't miss a thing.
B00001NFCY|4.0|When I first heard CREED's My Own Prison, I was completely mesmorized! With the announcement of CREED releasing a new album, I was extrememly  exciteed and waiting for the release date. Well my friend got the CD before  I did (I just recently got it), and we both seem to agree that Human CLay  has fallen a bit short of My Own Prison. Though &quot;Higher&quot; is a  great, outstanding track, the CD is not as great as My Own Prison and I am  a little disappointed. If CREED decides to release another CD I think they  should maybe work a little harder on it.
B00001OH7U|5.0|Taken as a whole, this is one of my absolute favorites. A tremendous blend of styles and sounds -- 'Wild is the Wind' is one the most beatiful songs  you are likely to hear. Bowie's voice is powerful and lovely throughout the  record.<br />Just can't recommend this album enough...
B000002VC5|5.0|This is probably still the best APP.  It ranks among the best progressive rock albums of the last couple of decades.
B000021XR5|5.0|This is one of the best CDs I have ever listened to. Down is particularly great, but they're all good. I recommend that everyone who considers  himself to be a rock fan to buy this now, you won't regret it.
B000021XS0|5.0|Dream Theater's new work, Scenes from a memory, is a true masterpiece. The concept of the CD is gripping, and the lyrics and music are so amazingly  done that you can actually see the story unfolding before your eyes. So  kick back, close your eyes, and let the music fill your mind...
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Look, it seems as if most of the people that have given her five stars are just big fans of the person..  Rate her for her musical talents and not her  as a person.  Disregard the fact that she is so popular and nice or  whatever else you all think about her, and think about her music.  It sucks  (with the exception of that duet with Mark Anthony), and I think she should  stick to acting and dancing.  She has no creative drive in terms of lyrics  (I'm not sure she even wrote them), and her voice is just kind of annoying  (it seems like she's trying too hard).  I am hispanic and from the Bronx  and take the 6 train every once in a while (Really!), I'm not lying about  this, so if anyone should be proud of her it should be me, and I am  extremely happy for her success.  But if you want good quality music, try  listening to Julio Iglesias, the smiths, the cure, depeche mode, and U2.
0790730960|5.0|a deep, intelligent film that is more thoughtful than the first.  Rather than the constant action of the first film and the flashy-cartoon-disco  effect of the last two, this film delivers great character development of  its two villains.  Though batman is developed no more here than in the  first film, batman is supposed to be a dark character who is shrouded in  mystery.  Batman isn't really developed until the third film by Joel  Shumacher.  However this is the best of the four...easily
B000003TAW|4.0|I'm now a junior in college, and I must admit to you all that when I was 15 or so this was my fave album.  I wore it out like crazy..  Now I guess I  outgrew that phase in my life, and I've moved on to the Smiths, the cure,  depeche mode, and U2.  But if you're young and like cheesy rock songs this  album is perfect!
0385472951|5.0|Definitely one of Grisham's best.  I didn't think I'd read a book better than The Firm, but what a fantastic read.  The story was full of suspense  and it was impossible to predict the ending.  I was tempted so many times  to read the last couple of pages because the suspense was killing me, but I  resisted.  Glad I did because the twist at the end was fantastic.  Well  done John!
B000021XR5|5.0|This CD truly brings back music from the days of the peak of grunge, i.e. when Nirvana was popular, Pearl Jam was peaking and when MTV was actually  cool.  Support the rock, and id seriously recommend buying this CD cuz its  really good.
630471288X|5.0|Darabont crafts a beautiful story of friendship in the most trying of circumstances.  He uses a subtle hand to unfold the story.  What could have  ended up as a treacly stereotype, turns out as a timeless tale of  friendship.  Darabont coaxes beautiful performances out of his stars as  well as the excellent supporting cast.  You will never settle for watching  the film just once; it will become a fixture in any collector's movie  stash.  Shawshank should have beaten the more box-office friendly Forrest  Gump for Best Picture.
0792842731|4.0|The first 2 movies that I ever saw were &quot;For Your Eyes Only&quot; and &quot;Octopussy&quot;... I was about 5 then, and I have loved Bond ever  since. &quot;Tommorrow Never Dies&quot; is most definitely a good Bond  movie, and I think that Pierce Brosnan is great for the role. The only part  of the movie I didn't care for was the theme song... and I like Sherryl  Crow, but that sucked. I do agree that the most recent 007 stories have  pulled away from Ian Flemmings charachter a bit, but it's starting to go  back to the times and styles of Sean Connery's time as James Bond. Theres  not enough of the good ol' torture and fights... too quick to the guns.  James Bond is supposed to be a rough guy and a great spy, and it's getting  back to that, which is great. Brosnan is great in the role of James Bond,  it is obvious how into this role he is, and how much of a great time he's  having being James Bond. That totally comes through in this one, more than  &quot;Golden Eye&quot;, that's one thing that makes &quot;Tommorrow Never  Dies&quot; so great.
B00000K31V|4.0|I'm not a huge Cronenburg fan.  I thought Scanners was a laugh, but found the rest of his work to be too self indulgent or just plain overrated (The  Fly). But Existenz is an exception. He has managed to make an intelligent  and accessible film. It has surprisingly few special effects. Instead it  relies on subtlety. Slowly bringing the characters and the viewer, to a  point where it's no longer possible to discern what is real. OK the ending  is a tad cheesy.  But so what, when the rest is so enjoyable!  Quite simply  it's the most satisfying SC-FI I've seen this year.  If you like Gattaca,  this may be your cup of tea. But, as you probably can tell by some of the  other reviews, if you're expecting non-stop action - you WILL be  disappointed.
B000001FS6|5.0|This album is now a fine relic of the last great period of American popular music: the early nineties. Rattle and Hum far surpassed the  pretentious twaddle of the earlier Joshua Tree and showed some true energy  and craftsmanship.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana combines his masterful guitar with today's hottest artists.  I've found myself listening to this CD endlessly for days.  Great music, and  lyrics (especialy Dave Matthews' 'Love of My Life&quot;) makes this one of  the best CD's around.
0393317552|4.0|The sheer scope of the subject, the pathology of  contemporary cultural relationships/dominance on a global scale, has proven unwieldy to most  authors. Diamond has synthesized a wide variety of scientific disciplines  in an effort to capture the 'why' of contemporary global cultural status  quo. He nearly pulls it off while limiting his discussion to one volume,  which could have used a 40 page liposuction.  His explanation for cultural  success in a macro-historical context is, in a nut shell, the same as  successful real estate investing : location, location, location.  It is in  explaining the 'why' of geographical criticality that he raises the bar.  <br />Criticizing his work is precocious on my part, as I lack anthropology or  archeology in my education. While Diamond doesn't answer all of the  &quot;why,&quot; he answers enough of it to define a sound point of  departure for studies that synthesize his theory and the more difficult  interractions of religion and politics (beliefs and behaviors.)  I wonder  if anybody can answer the &quot;why&quot; questions better, and support  their conclusions.<br />Diamond's reliance on New Guinea for many of his  examples becomes tiresome. Otherwise, his explanations of geographical  influence, and                the second and third order effects on plant,  animal, hydrographic, mineral, and human interaction, are logical, even if  not proved to the deepest level of scientific rigor.   He did after all  limit his scope to one volume.<br />The author avoids reliance on  racial/genetic  factors, preferring to rely on environmental stimuli as his  fundamental causative factors. Even so, one gets the feeling that he is  pandering to the PC audience when he continually portrays the  &quot;Eurasian&quot; descendants as avaricious butchers. <br />Whether you  agree with the author or not, it is well worth anyone's time to read his  arguements and ponder them, and even show where his logic does not stand  up.<br />Also worthwhile would be an exploration of how the information age  may have rendered some of his           causative factors of cultural  diffusion obsolete. <br />In any case READ THIS BOOK! It will stimulate your  brain.
0784011710|5.0|Sophie's Choice is a very moving and brilliant film. It accurately portrays the anguish and guilt of Holocaust survivors. Meryl Streep is  magical as Sophie and Kevin Kline is sensational and hypnotic as Nathan. A  must see!
0812548094|3.0|Terry Goodkind has you once again, wishing you could read faster and get to the climax of his second novel in the Richard Cypher saga. However this  time he takes 970 pages to weave an intricate tale of riddles and mystery  only to resolve all the unknown in a mere 10 pages. I could not believe  where he was at in the story with only 25 pages to go.  This book could  have eaisly been another 500 pages. Terry seems to have an obsession with  women dominating men by the use of a collar.  This is the second novel  where it is the underlying theme of the book. This sequel cannot even  compare to the first. The main character is becoming a real sap.
0312853238|5.0|Hurray for O.S. Card and Hurray for Ender. This book gives hope that in mis-guided hostilities and savagery there can be salvation and redemption.        I hope to put &quot;Ender's Game&quot; on the reading list for my  English classes next year.
6305358613|3.0|This was an excellently done movie, well worth owning, but it did have some serious problems with the story. The director really played fast and  loose with the actual history of this time period, as even a slight  knowledge of this period in history would show. Several of the major plot  elements in the movie are complete piece of fiction.  But, these issues in  mind, the movie is a sumptuous production, superbly acted and filmed. The  costumes are absolutely mouth watering, as any renaissance re-enactor would  admit. See the movie, then go and get one of the many books available on  the Elizabethan age, and find out what really happend then. It was a  fasicnating period of history.
B000021XS0|5.0|THE NEW ALBUM OF DREAM THEATER IS A SUPRISE FOR ME. A GREAT INPIRATION BETWEEN RUSH AND PINK FLOYD. THE NEW KEYBORDIST JORDAN RUDESS IS  INCREDIBLE. YOU MUST BUY THIS ALBUM IT'S ON OF THE BEST ALBUM OF THE YEAR.
6301208773|5.0|I'm usually not into this genre, but when I saw this movie I was on the edge of my seat the whole time. Bruce Willis is always worth the price of  admission, and Alan Rickman's performance is one of the things that take  this movie beyond the &quot;just-another action flick&quot; category.  Definitely worth a prominent place on your video shelf.
B000021XR5|3.0|This album is good for all the STP fans who have been longing for new material. While the first listen may not catch you right away, you will  find yourself humming the tunes off of it. No top 40 rock except for  &quot;Down&quot; and that's OK as Weiland needs room to show his talented  songwriting as well as his self-examination in his lyrics. Great guitar  work by the DeLeo's. The tune &quot;Atlanta&quot; brings you into the  dreamy etherial sounds of the Doors as a reminder of where we once were and  where we are going. All STP fans should love this album as it shows the  natural progression that the band is making.
0792842723|5.0|We thought this movie was one of the best Bonds ever! I always thought Pierce Brosnan would make a superb Bond, and we weren't disappointed. Judi  Dench is a magnificent M, but, I must admit, my favoprite character in the  movie was Sean Bean's bad guy. He was absolutely chilling, and really stole  the show in a few palces. He could do Bond himself, he's got that bad boy  kind of look. And the theme song for this bond, done by Tina Turner, was  the best one since Goldfinger.(Eartha Kitt?) Definitely but his movie and  put it in a prominent place on your shelf. And also, the main female  character wasn't a stupid bimbo! Very well done.
B00000K3G8|5.0|I don't really know where to go from here, because I would rate the original version of this album as near perfection.  The new remastering and  remixing makes a differance that is stunning.  Where one would expect such  songs as Life During Wartime to be greatly enhanced (it is), the best  change is in how intimate and personal a statement the ballad Heaven  becomes.  The Special Edition moves into very rarified territory.  It must  now be regarded as a very strong contender to be considered the greatest  rock album of all time.
B000021XR5|4.0|It's good to see STP is back to rockin agian. It opens with to soon to be classic songs and keeps the goods going all the way till the end. Like all  STP this disc has many different sounds,from rock like Down and to old 60's  style like I Got you. This is a must have for STP fans. It's good to see  Rock back where it belongs.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This CD is awesome.  I heard the song Smooth on the radio and that was the reason I bought it.  I really didnt know much about Santan, but I was  happily surprised.  It is just a great mix of hip hop and guitar.  I hope  he does more cd's like this.  It has also peaked my interest to go back and  purchase more of his Cd's
B00001ODHL|5.0|I had seen the director's cut form a VHS transfer of the Singapore Laserdisc, but as mentioned by others, the Director's version lacks  remastering. However, In a  recent article, Bruce Campbell himself  mentioned that the only copy of the director's version they could find was  a print Campbell has stashed away...but it's good to see the deleted stuff  redited back in and the commentary by Campbell and Raimi make the  Director's cut worth the cost of the 2 disc set.
6303122647|5.0|I just started thinking of this movie today and now I can't wait to go home and watch it again!! My whole family just loves it--from my 4 yr. old  granddaughter to my 57 year old husband. It is so imaginative and exciting  to watch. You can't predict what's going to happen next, you just have to  watch and listen. The music's great, the animation is spectacular. I'd  recommend it to every family.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I've come under Diana's spell. I just saw her on Sessions at W. 54th on PBS. I had heard &quot;Peel Me a Grape&quot; on radio and live in her part  of the world. After seeing her perform I ran out and bought this CD. It  just could hardly be better! It's simple to say really: stunning sounds as  her smooth but soulful, sexy voice embraces the lyrics; the songs are  timeless delights, and the arrangements understated and divine. What a  musical joy this is, I will be listening always now to wonderful Diana K.
B00000099Y|5.0|not a bad note on this one.  genius from start to finish.  involving, emotional, the smartest &quot;metal&quot; ever created.  just buy it...
B000002MU3|3.0|R.E.M's cd Monster is ok. Songs such as Strange Currencies, Bang and Blame, What's the Frequency Kenneth, and Crush with Eyeliner are really  good. Majority of the album I found myself bored with it and skipping  through most songs. Like I said before it wasn't terrible, but not that  great either. I reccomend Automatic for the people.
6303314015|5.0|I loved this movie and am trying to get my hands on a copy of it.  It was one of the Disney productions i loved.  I think that they should re release  it.  GO ON AND SEE IT! you won't be sorry.
B00000K19E|5.0|Besides it's superb visual effects &amp; action The Matrix is not one of those empty movies. It tells us not to beleive what we see what we think  but try to analyze things from different ways.  Plz don't only watch the  movie but also Making of Matrix. Its really fun. See how actors, directors  &amp; visual effects made a great work. The movie is worth to watch after  &amp; after. Everytime you watch you cacth up another thing. Its worth to  watch - Its worth to put in your collection. Don't miss it.
068483605X|5.0|I really liked this book! I thought it was fun to read. It was exciting and adventurous all the way through. I read it in about 4 days it was so  good. I would read it again any time.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I consider myself a person of eclectic tastes, but had for years been unable to get much into electronic music, mostly because it seemed so  inorganic and mechanical.  I listened hard, tried what my friends  reccomended to me as so-called &quot;pop&quot; techno, such as Prodigy or  the Chemical Brothers, but said pop techno seemed to have nothing to say  and no original way to say it.  So I gave up on the idea for a good long  time.  Then, last year, I ran into a couple of old albums by the Orb, and I  began to see potential in this music: To make it truly pop is to rob it of  its originality and complexity (as Prodigy does in such an egregiously  popular fashion).  Then, a friend played me &quot;Run On&quot; and  &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?&quot; from this album and I was  introduced into the world of Moby.  This album alone proves techno's  possibilites as something more than hollow, inorganic beatmaking.  Moby  shares a spiritual connection with older, more traditional  singer-songwriters such as Van Morrison and Tim Buckley, and explodes  musical expectations much like Morrison did on his unclassifiable  &quot;Astral Weeks.&quot;  Many will still dismiss this music as empty and  heartless--but they haven't listened to Moby's &quot;Play&quot;.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Its not even her lack of class that offends me i think its more her lack of vocal talents and sincerity.  She is attractive but i would kill myself  if had her look not into it. But anyhow, this album is sooooo over-rated  and the worst song is waiting for tonight, its so repetetive and its  clearly a studio creation. go back to the bronx
B000002MG1|4.0|This, along with a few other albums, are some of R.E.M's best work. Drive opens up the album with good beat and lyrics followed by the same with each  song. I reccomend it.
0529064847|4.0|This is a translation from the original Hebrew and Greek, with reference to the Qumran documents or &quot;Dead Sea Scrolls&quot;.  Previous bibles  for Catholics have been taken from the Latin Vulgate. (This translation,  the NAB is different to the New American Standard Bible, the NASB.) It  includes the books of the Apochropha.  (These are additional historical and  wisdom books, which are found in the Old Testament section of this Bible.   Some put these books in a seperate section.) There are frequent, useful  notes, especially in the New Testament section, and many cross-references.  This particular version does lack the interesting article on English  translations that appears in some NAB editions. At this price, give it a  try!  Or buy a copy to give away.
1895565669|4.0|I recently flew my two-year old nephew back East (as his parents drove) and picked this book out of the backpack my sister prepared for him. I was  surprised to see that he knew the words - the rhyming is very nice - and  ultimately how the book impacted me. I don't have children, but know now  that I yearn for the love between a parent and a child. Reading the book to  my nephew - with him curled in my lap at 30,000 feet - I knew then and  there that I can't wait to be a mother. The most impressive part...he'll  walk around the house chanting &quot;I love you forever/I'll like you for  always/As long as I'm living/My baby you'll be.&quot;
6305181772|1.0|The only good thing is this movie is the CIA sequence.  The rest of it makes little to no sense.  A true exercise in style with no substance.
6305627401|5.0|This is not your children's Southpark!  Satire of  Disney, Broadway and even the MPAA! The funniest  movie that I saw this summer!
B0000028RR|5.0|My friend introduced me to this album, the first song I heard was in the infamous 'Killing In The Name'. Many people that this song 'is' the album,  I completely disagree. The beautifaul mixture of Hip Hop and Rock has  produced one of the most influential albums of the decade. It has produced  lame bands trying to be RATM, like Limp Bizkit, they fail miserably. The  fact that there was no samples or keyboards used on the album amazes me.  The guitar at the beginning of 'Bullet In The Head'...fantastic!!!! This  album deserves much more credit than it has recieved. If Limp Bizkit were  half as good as RATM, they should be happy, but they're not, they SUCK!!!!!
0790740443|4.0|This movie works because of how simple it is. It makes no excuse for what it is...a straitforward sci-fi/action movie. People will probably complain  because of the lack of dialog from Kurt Russell (I think he has three lines  in the whole movie), but with just his eyes he conveys confusion and a  loneness, which is a hard task for any actor to pull off. Also because of  the involvement of David Peoples keep an eye out for some hidden Blade  Runner stuff, like a busted spinner laying in a trash heap, or the phrase  &quot;Tanhauser Gate&quot; tattoo'd on Todd's arm...just for that alone it  should be a favorite movie of any sci-fi fan.
B000002C1W|1.0|In 1987, I bought this with naive anticipation.  I knew this was the first Waters-less PF album, but I didn't really realize what they had lost.  It  does vaguely sound like a PF album but somehow it's profoundly boring.  It  is worthwhile in the sense you can properly judge the importance of Roger  Waters; however, it is a tedious listen.  You may not like every PF album,  but nobody can deny Waters pushed himself lyrically and musically.  Gilmour  struggles to recapture a former sound causing himself  to (artistically  speaking) &quot;run in place.&quot;  I've always tried to pinpoint the  major weakness on this disc, from Gilmour's girlfriend's uninspired lyrics  to the band's weak songwriting, but it's become futile.  I've come to the  conclusion that there is no single weakness; it's simply a recording that  should never have taken place, and in my mind it's not even part of the PF  discography.  The Final Cut is just that.  Anything that is post 1983 is  post Pink Floyd.
B00000K31Q|3.0|I love this movie.  Don't get me wrong.  But the audio in the DVD is terribly mixed.  I actually turned the thing off after watching 10 minutes  of it.<br />On standard equipment, it's probably okay; but if you've got a  surround-sound deck or a decent amp, this DVD will sound awful.<br />Really  too bad.  It is such a fun movie.
B000006045|5.0|The best album ever produced, that's all I can really say before going into meaningful detail on this piece of art. The opener 'Angel' sets the  tone of the album, the thumping bass line is so simple, but still  increadibly effective. 'Risingson' is trip-hop at it's very best, the  contrast of Robert Del Naja and Grant Marshall's voice mix together like  milk and flour. Teardrop, featuaring the voice of Liz Fraser is rare, it is  able to effectively blend a feel of darkness and beauty into one. Then, the  turkish mix of 'Inertia Creeps' is Robert Del Naja at his vocal highpoint,  this track certainly is a 'turkish delight' (Sorry about the pun!).  'Exchange' is one of the most relaxing tracks I have heard, this is then  followed by the 'heavist' track on the album, 'Dissolved Girl'. This track,  in my opinion, is the best on the album. How any track can mix trip-hop, a  cool bass-line, angelic vocals and distorted guitar to such amazing effect,  it's breath-taking. The final tracks on the album continue the brilliance  of this act of genius. If you buy just two albums ever, buy this one twice.
0425170349|2.0|Rainbow Six is a somewhat nice book but falls in a lot of nonsense and political babbling. Clancy centers more in the paranoid extreme political  views of heroes and antiheroes characters using sci fi tech rather than  giving attention to the special operations area. He centers very much in  Clark but leaves outside other potentially interesting characters. There is  also a lack of a well defined, really exciting climax point in the plot.
B0000024SI|5.0|When I bought this I knew it was considered to be one of the quintessential rock recordings of all time but I wasn't expecting this.  It  begins with Like a Rolling Stone which of course I was familiar with but  what followed rendered me speechless.  As soon as Tombstone Blues came on I  couldn't say anything because I started to smile, and smile and smile.   After my first listen I instantly became fascinated with Bob Dylan circa  1965 and'66.  The words of a poet, the frazzled hair of a mad genius, the  dark sunglasses of the local hipster, the youth of rebellion and the  ability to write songs that spit all this back at you....with a sneer!    COOL incarnate.
B000021XS0|5.0|This has the potential to rival any of their best work, time will tell.  The initial impressions are positive, although when I first heard it on the  radio (Sunday night) I was a little let down.  Subsequent listens have  shown I must have just been tired (or something) Sunday night; the album's  amazing.  I can't even begin to describe or critique the music, words can't  do it justice, and it (like all DT music) speaks for itself.  Jordan Rudess  is the perfect addition on keys, as everyone who heard the Liquid Tension  tapes knew he would be.  I'm still trying to figure out the  &quot;story,&quot; listening to Metropolis Part 1 (and looking over the  liner notes and lyrics) helps a bit here.  Damn, this album is just full of  great musical moments: jaw-droppers, gut-wrenchers, heart-yankers, and a  number of surprises as well.  There are a couple times when the lyrics seem  a little less than they should be, but other than that Scenes From a Memory  has the potential to be a cornerstone in what is shaping up to be an  incredibly illustrious career.  Let it be long, and let it stay this good.   Can't wait to see them on tour (will they play the entire record?), and  hopefully there'll be a Metropolis Part 3 (maybe just a song on another  album) in the not too distance future.  A trilogy at this point would just  be classic.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana is a legend and combined with the vocal talents of Rob they are remarkable.  And I am listening to MatchBox 20 after this on my system.
B000002HAF|5.0|This is one of the best artist albums I have ever had the song &quot;Where is my Mind&quot; is the best!
6304873441|5.0|A true Disney fan to the core, I must admit that I treasure this film above almost all Disney animated features.  This is not just a film for  children - it can be enjoyed again and again by all.
0671027344|1.0|Chbosky gets so caught up trying to make it realistic that he makes it stereotypical and overbearing.  His characters are extremely false.  What  passes as youthful innocence in charlie is an anachronism.  In trying to  produce a meal, the author turns over the fridge and lights it on fire,  hoping that perhaps the mess and the randomness will attract readers.  This  book's not worth the money and not worth the time.
B00000JZC4|1.0|1 good song the rest blow if u buy this cd u are wasting more then just 13 bucks your wasting the time it takes to find out its garbage.
B00000IL29|5.0|To me, this is the absolute perfection in small jazz combos.  I have about 200 jazz CD's and this one is my favorite.  The solos are outstanding and  the music is superb.  &quot;Dolphin Dance&quot; and the title track are  worth the price alone and the rest of the CD is almost as good.
0375707972|5.0|At the first part of &quot;the Reader&quot;, I thought it was a male version of Lolita. But I found that I was totally wrong as I was kept  reading. This piece of work gave me a whole new perspective to understand  the Holocaust during the WW2. I've read and seen so many books and movies  about the horrible massacre that I doubted there could be possibly anything  new to me. BUT THERE ARE ! This novel is about the postwar Germans:two  generations who could not help but hating and loving at the same time. This  book is definitly worth reading and give so many things to think about.
6305095442|5.0|Always keeps you glued!  This horror movie seriously does rock!  Interesting story with the &quot;book of the dead.&quot;  Anyone for  ghoul's eyeballs?
0446525537|1.0|After reading 'Message in a Bottle', I was prepared to read yet another wonderful love story.  I was a bit surprised to read such a boring,  predictable, and totally depressing novel...There was no laughter and  certainly no tears while reading it.  I do wish that Mr. Sparks would write  a book with a happy ending!
0780626494|4.0|Blast from the Past was a surprising blast of comedy. While the jokes or gags were not 100 a minute, the dialogue was hilarious with some hidden  tongue in cheek jokes. Spacek as the Beaver Cleaver doting mother was  awesome. I only thought Spacek did strictly dramas and no comedy ( the  thigh machine and martini scene was great) !Christopher Walken as the  overly eccentric scientific dad was a smash; he's the only current actor  who can play such a character flawlessly. As for Brendan Fraser he's a  great actor who can switch from comedy to drama and vice versa with ease (  or combine the two). His facial expressions are a crack up ( especially  when he bugs his eyes or twitches his mouth). I am still waiting for the  day when somebody in Hollywood or anywhere else comes up with an excellent  film script for a comedy that would have Fraser playing opposite comedian  Rodney Dangerfield in a father and son piece. Or, a story that would focus  on a main central character where Fraser is the young man and Dangerfield  would play the same character aged. There are astounding facial expressions  and vocal similarities between Fraser and Dangerfield !  Alicia Silverstone  finally got a part where she shows a little bit of toughness and streetwise  sense. She's always great to look at !!
B000021XS0|5.0|Seems to go back and forth a lot more than some of their previous stuff.  Really fast, heavy, crazy periods of &quot;Dream Theatering off&quot; and  then some really song oriented, lyrical moments.  Petrucci's solo on the  second last song is remarkably brilliant.  As for the story, it seems (not  everything is clear at this point) there are two brothers (The Miracle and  The Sleeper) who love one woman and this leads to either (a) the woman's  death (b) one of the brother's death or (c) both of their deaths.  But this  entire scenario seems to be taking place inside Nicholas' mind, as  recollected under hypnosis.  It's a bit confusing to just listen to the  album without the book open in front of you, as LaBrie plays all the roles,  and you need to know which character he is singing for/as for the story to  make any sense whatsoever. It seems to me that there will have to be a  third part to Metropolis: if you look back at part one, Death is the first  dance, Deceit is the second (apparently the theme of this album), and Love  is the third dance, the Dance of Eternity.  But the &quot;Dance of  Eternity&quot; is an instrumental (and a CRAZY one at that!) on this album,  so maybe the epic has ended.  Let's just hope there's more: eternal,  without end, for all Eternity.  Dream Theater rocks!
B00000F1D3|5.0|I have just ordered Cher's cassette BELIEVE.  I have tried to find and buy that cassette for about one year now, but was never able to find it.  Thank  you for having the cassette.  We have a radio at work and everytime this  song comes on, I turn the radio way UP and move around in my chair.  Thank  you Cher.  You are by far THE BEST.
0446525537|5.0|I loved this book.  The emotions were so raw and beleivable.  I can remeber alot of the teenage angst of asking someone out (or waiting and  wanting to be asked out).  The dynamics of the relationships is eloquently  described.  I was sad when I came to the last word.  This was my favorite  vacation book.  I can't wait to see what Sparks writes next.
B000021XS0|5.0|I've been a big fan of this band since Images &amp; Words, to me nothing has toped that album, till now.... Scenes From A Memory is in a word  incredible. <br />#1 They return to their old style, same heavy progressive  tendancies and energy of Images &amp; Words, with a little breathing room  (which Awake was lacking), band sounds tight, full of energy (which Falling  Into Infinity was lacking)<br />#2 They whole album is presented as a single  song/play offical title is &quot;Metropolis II: Scenes From A Memory&quot;,  &quot;Metropolis I: The Miracle and the Sleeper&quot; is arguably the best  song on Images &amp; Words. I say &quot;play&quot; because it's broken down  into acts with defined characters and dialog connecting each song, the  album as a whole tells a story, this is just freaking incredible, and in my  opnion the band should do this with every album that follows.<br />#3  Production quality actually tops Images &amp; Words (we get that incredible  drum sound again!)<br />#4 New keyboardist is amazing, Jordan Rudess rules!!!  I'm not going to say anything negitive about former keyboardist for this  band... but Rudess blends the best (that's saying a lot, sorry Kevin)<br />#5  Time changes are abundent, and are done perfectly, never getting too  repeditive. This is the album Awake should have been, good mix of slow and  heavy tracks that make up the whole play. Finally a return of heart and  soul (unlike Falling Into Infinity, which just sounded like a bunch of  studio tracks and a band half burnt out).<br />This is Dream Theaters best  work.... Thank you guys for giving us this album!!!!! Can't wait to see  your show.
0792156684|4.0|In general, I think that Titanic is a really great movie.  It's about as historically acurate as James Cameron could make it.  The plot is  entertaining, though unrealistic at times.  But honestly, other than  history buffs, who would want a movie based on history alone?  Watch the  Discovery channel, and don't go looking for anything other than  entertainment when watching a movie. Remember... movies are NOT real life.   Nobody would watch them if they were.     And another thing.  Even though  many teenagers went to the movie to see Leonardo DiCaprio, we can't forget  how huge the movie actually was.    A cute actor and catchy song hardly  make a picture Oscar-worthy either. Critics and  older people alike adored  the movie, as so proved at the Oscars.  And Leonardo DiCaprio had little to  do with it.  All of you who claim you've always hated the movie should try  to remember when the movie first came out.  Almost everybody loved it, and  it's ridiculous to deny it just because the movie is over-hyped and  relatively old.  Just because you're all sick of the cast and plot doesn't  make the movie any less worthy of the numerous Oscars it recieved.  It was  a great movie, and still is.
0783227019|5.0|Brian DePalma serves up a masterpiece.  Sean Penn gives the performance that we all knew he could, and Al Pacino fits this part like a glove.  The  camera work is the unsung hero in this epic tale of loyalty and betrayal.
B000000Y87|5.0|This album is by far one of the best jazz albums I have ever heard.  Scott LaFarro's bass is absolutely amazing, I've never heard anything so  soothing.  This album is highly recommended to all lovers of quality jazz  music.
080017948X|5.0|I thought that Groundhog Day was a very original film - so if you are looking for originality, this is the one. <br />As far as humour is concerned,  Bill Murray is perfect for the role, being a &quot;Pre-Madonna&quot;  weatherman who is too in love with himself to see that he is in a  &quot;dead end&quot; job going no-where, and everyone hates him. <br />The  Film is, in many ways, like the clasical shakesphere idea where the main  character suffers the pain of self realisation before he evolves or  develops from bad into good, evil into angelic - take King Lear for an  example. <br />Going to the Annual Groundhog festival in Bill Murrays case  began a long process of ultimate salvation. He loathes this day with a  passion due to his egotistic and selfish personality, and the very idea of  him presenting an open air weather forcast, orchestrated not by himself but  by a Groundhog (due to annual tradition, if the groundhog sees a shadow  then the area is supposed to have 5 more weeks of winter, if the groundhog  sees no shadow, spring sets it), is enough to make him curl up and die. If  this isn't bad enough for Bill, he wakes up at 6:00am the following morning  to the horrific realisation that he is &quot;reliving the same day over and  over and over again&quot;. <br />Each day brings about some sort of change  within his character, and Bill evolves into quite an interesting character  by the time the film is through. The mere thought of re-living the same day  again and again goes through many people's minds, and the writer of this  film didn't fail to amuse on this popular fantasy<br />Watch it and see how  funny yet touchingly romantic and sermon like the storyline manages to be.  Excelent choice for those of you who like comedy !
0767836251|5.0|Cruel Intentions is a modern day adaptation of Dangerous Liasons.  It is intended on reaching a younger crowd than its counterpart.  All of the  actors did an excellent job in playing exceptional characters.  Sarah does  an outstanding job because she has never acted a part before that wasn't  sweet and innocent.  Ryan does and outstanding job because he plays his  character to the same effect that John Malkovich did in Dangerous Liasons.   This movie is an excellent example of what any good black comedy should be.   It has the perfect combonation of comedy and tragedy.  Even though the  ending is sad, it still manages to leave a smile on your face.  I cherish  any movie that can do that.
0446310786|5.0|I have read this book about a month ago and loved it!  I have never read a better book in my life.  I recommend this book to anyone, young or old,  that is looking for a touching story about growing up. :)
0783113943|5.0|Angelina Jolie is the Queen of all women.  Her performance in Gia was breath-taking.  She gave you a real sense of how the late  Gia Carangi felt  about wanting to be loved, and the constant fear of abandonment by her  mother; we really felt that whenever Kathleen left NY, Gia really didnt  know if she would return.  The most touching relationship is between Jolie  and Elizabeth Mitchell (Linda), her on-again off-again lover for 9 years.   I wish the real Gia could have experienced the love portrayed in the movie  with just that one special person....instead, she sought love in several  different people.  Elizabeth is fantastic, and although their pairing seems  to be an odd one, I think that's what makes it work.  The chemistry between  Jolie and Mitchell was fantastic, and made for some endearing and hot  scenes.  The unrated version is great.  I am now an AJ fan for life. She is  a true professional, a true artist, and just oozes sensuality and  sexuality.
B00000JGOH|3.0|This is by no means awfull but it's just a bit dragged out and too much like hard work. I can't believe anything here in this film deserves any  oscars, I mean....there is better acting in cack films like Species  2...ok....maybe I'm going a bit far but you know what I mean....nothing  here thats worthy. The story line is very predictable which was frustrating  cosidering you've guessed the storyline and this film goes on and on but I  just enjoyed watching it for the shakespear one-liners and the ocasional  bit of humour. Saving Private Ryan is 10 times better than this and  deserves all the oscars that this film stole from it.......there is no  justice!!!
B00000JZC4|5.0|My knowledge of the band Filter is very limited.  I remember their single Hey Man Nice Shot a few years ago, but I believe that was their only hit  song.  So when their new album, Title of Record debuted a few weeks ago I  didn't think much of it.  Then a few days ago a local radio station played  their new single: Take a Picture.  Wow.  What a song.  Loved it.  It took  me by complete surprise that this band could play such beautiful sounding  music.  After a great deal of thought I purchased the album.  All I can say  is Filter has completely outdone themselves.  This is a rock album that  will remain in my CD player for quite a while.  Other great tracks include:  The Best Things, Captain Bligh and I Will Lead You.  If you are considering  this album as your next musical acquisition, go with your instincts.  Buy  it.  Really and truly there isn't a bad song to be found.
0446525537|5.0|Nicholas Sparks has such a wonderful gift for making a reader feel every emotion possible.  I laughed, and mostly cried through this whole book.   But don't misunderstand, it was the kind of cry that makes you feel so good  afterwards.  The spiritual emphasis in this book was something I enjoyed  very much.  It is going to make a great Christmas gift for all of my  friends!
B00000K2UX|5.0|take my breath away is one of my favorite songs. get this cd if you loved the movie; how could you not have? this movie was a big breakout for tom  cruise, meg ryan, val kilmer, etc.
0446525537|4.0|OK OK OK WHERE IS THE NEXT BOOK READ ALL THREE LOVED THEM EACH ONE TOOK A PIECE OF MY HEART  AND LEFT IT OPEN TO CRY. GREAT BOOK GOOD READING AND NOW  WHERE AND WHEN CAN WE EXPECT THE NEXT
B000003TAW|5.0|If you like Nada Surf, Presidents of the USA or any kind of weird/interesting alternative music, get this, cos you will love it, every  single tune. I thought I had a fave band untill I heard this!!! You will  never regret buying this. If you do, then you have no taste!
0060931671|5.0|Read the review from East Millstone, NJ of June 17 below.  It's truly brilliant and quite funny!  <br />One thing that struck me as I read the  reviews is all the Grisham bashing.  I'll admit I have never read any  Grisham and I've read plenty of Pynchon.  But I can assure you that the  aims of the two are distinct and they cannot be judged by the same  criteria.<br />There are books that are intended to amuse and divert and there  are books that are intended to engage and challenge.  If you read to be  entertained only, Pynchon (or Barth, Delillo, Roth, Barthelme, Gaddis,  etc.) are not for you.   <br />Not to say that there is no pleasure to be  found here.  Pynchon's books can be quite entertaining, but that's not what  they are written for.  Stay away from Pynchon if you aren't prepared to be  challenged as a reader.  The Crying of Lot 49 is not a book that provides  the reader with an obvious &quot;message&quot; or &quot;meaning.&quot;  You  will get out of it what you are willing to put in.  Expect frustration and  annoyance.  Of course, understanding is an effort, but as most of the  reviews here will tell you the effort is worth the reward.
B000021XS0|5.0|After a 2 year + hiatus from the recording studio, Dream Theater have returned, and with perhaps their best and most challenging album to date.  It is a concept album in the tradition of &quot;Operation Mindcrime&quot;  and &quot;Wake of Magellan&quot;. They also return with yet another new  keyboard player - exit Derek Sherinian - enter Jordan Rudess(from Liquid  Tension Experiment). The album, clocking in at almost 78 minutes, is a  completely mesmerizing work of art, containing all the elements of a  prog-rock classic. Those who were disappointed with DT's lack of crunch and  heavy riffs on &quot;Falling Into Infinity&quot;(I wasn't by the way)will  not be disappointed this time around. What is so special about this album  in particular, however, is DT's uncanny ability to create a dreamscape so  dark, yet so completely uplifting and compelling at the same time. One of  the best albums of 1999. Now please - BUY THE DAMN THING!
0374172897|5.0|What a marvelous creation.  Not only has the author managed to create a work of technical grace and emotional power, but he has been able to  present the thoughts and lives of women with an accuracy I have rarely  found with male authors.  This is one of the best books I have read all  year, and coupled with Mrs. Dalloway, may be one of the best reading  experiences I can recommend.  Highly deserving of the Pulitzer.
B000021XS0|4.0|By far the BEST cd this band has ever put out. If you liked IMAGES &amp; WORDS then this is a continuation of the great music it left behind!
0767835107|5.0|The best movie ever! Sarah Michelle Gellar and the actors acting is amazing and it's here! I have never seen such a great movie in my intire  life. it's smart, it's funny, it's sexy, what can you ask for more? this is  one buy that I'm surely don't regrat!
0790729377|4.0|Great film but why only the hacked version for television. The dvd has a lot of special features except the WIDESCREEN version?
014028009X|5.0|I'm 20 and I think that this book can relate to anyone in some way. Just like Bridget, I have a million things going on in my head and in my life  all at once! Helen Fielding is great! Will there be a continuum of  Bridget's Diary soon?
068484267X|5.0|It takes alot for a book to capture my interest but Angela's Ashes not only captured my interest, it held it from page to page. I couldn't put it  down and when I finished it I was sad that it was over with. I am in the  process of reading 'Tis now. Get this book and you won't be disappointed. I  recommend this book quite often.
B00000J7JO|4.0|I have been a fan of the RHCP for a long time now and I have all of their records. I would have to say that this is their second best effort behind  &quot;Blood Sugar Sex Magic&quot; (which was mind-blowing). This CD is  excellent, and enjoys the complexity and freshness which lacked in  &quot;One Hot Minute&quot;. Do yourself a favor: get this CD (and don't  just listen to 'Scar Tissue', you would be missing out on good stuff.)
B000000W5L|5.0|If you've only heard the alleged &quot;hits&quot; from this album--&quot;Happy&quot; and &quot;Tumbling Dice&quot;--brace yourself.   This is undoubtedly the Stones' finest moment on vynyl, disc, whatever,  containing all sorts of gems in all sorts of styles--and it's the one  Stones lp that may have influenced punkers more than either party would  like to admit.  Messy, poorly mixed, yes, but also spontaneous,  magisterial, gritty, and at times downright transcendent.  These guys are  playing like thier lives depended on it.  Mick Taylor hits a home run on  almost all his solos, Mick Jagger never quite gets around to  singing--instead, he wails like a banshee throughout--and Charlie and Bill  are sublime.  It's an album than in turns kicks, punches, caresses, pleads,  and starts all over again.  Quirky person that I am, &quot;Just Wanna See  His Face&quot; is probably my all-time favorite Stones tune (go figure).   Utterly indispensible and lacking in compromise.  What more do you want  from rock and roll?
0060930349|5.0|Johnson makes U.S. history come alive.  He brings a Brit's perspective and a warm, admiring view of America and Americans.  He shows how our history  undeservedly suffers from lack of respect among European historians.  He  does an excellent job of showing the antecedents for the seminal moments on  our history and he shoots down more than a few shibboleths of prevailing  liberal historians.  First history of America I've read since college 40  years ago.  Johnson's made me an American history buff with this fine work.
0792151712|5.0|I Really Liked This Movie. The Acting Was Great. I Like The Part Where Jack Teaches Rose How To Fly. I also Liked Another Part Where Rose Spits In  Cal's Face. Jack Draws A Picture Of Rose Naked. For All Of You People Who  Rated This 1 Star, I Think You Really Liked The Movie. And It Deserve 11  Awards!!!!!!!!!!!
B000002HEM|5.0|I had heard nothing of 10,000 Maniacs until I saw the MTV Unplugged album screened on TV some years ago.  I was delighted by Natalie Marchant gentle  yet powerful voice and the folksy-friendly instrumental backing of the  band.  The same year I bought the album as a birthday gift.  The sound is  timeless.
0871137380|5.0|All I can say is, God Bless the United States Army Rangersand the men that went into this battle and selflessly and heroically fought their way out of  one of the most horrific battles one could imagine.<br />Rangers lead the way!
630018403X|4.0|I have this on video and watch it at least twice a year.  It has all the human interest touches - humour, romance, a tragic touch, decadence - just  the right balance for adolescence that John Sayles gets exactly right. Demi  Moore was at her most bearable at this age, more's the pity.
B000002UAC|5.0|Those fans below who complain that this material is &quot;too old&quot; or that &quot;The Beatles were only talented after 'Help'&quot; fail to  understand the rapid step by step process of the Beatles' development,  without which there could have been no modern rock as we know it. And it  didn't just happen in the middle sixties, it was ongoing right from the  start. The Beatles' early music brought the rock back to rockn'roll in a  period of shmaltz in pop, and did it with a winning combination of the  myriad American rock styles which they had so fluently mastered. The result  was a sound that was at once familiar and yet innovative, hardy, and  energetic. Out of this was born the world of the modern rock group, who  wrote and played their own material. Even the covers on &quot;With the  Beatles&quot; showcase the raw power of the Beatles revolution, as they  unwittingly equal or better some of their own fifties rock heroes. You  can't have a 'Help' or an 'Abbey Road' without beginning with this. The  Beatles did so much to the process that subsequent audiences seem to have  forgotten where it all came from.
068484267X|1.0|To say that Frank Mc Court's Ireland or that his Irish family are in any way a definition of the Irish is absurd! The McCourt tragedy was that they  were poor, not that they were Irish or Catholic! To equate the McCourt's,  their struggle,and vacuuous existience with THE Irish is a huge  mistake.(One reviewer mentioned that her college class was given this as  required reading...disturbing if this is going to be that student's ONLY  link to the Irish!) It diminishes the many thousands of devoted, loving,  religious, non alcoholic Irish who came to this country to raise their  children in hope, dignity and love.
B00000K2UX|5.0|This classic eighties releases holds up surprisingly well -- some great songs and really cool liner notes!
0767840135|5.0|I've seen Quidam twice in New York City, and once in Washington DC, each time was more amazing than the one preceding it.  The music, the visual,  and the general atmosphere.  Almost surreal to the eye, you shouldn't miss  this one!!  It's probably best if you saw it live, but watching it on DVD  is always a last resort.  Truly amazing!!  Also, don't forget to catch  other Cirque on video such as Saltimbanco (not so good on video, too many  dizzying visual effects used), and Nouvelle Experience (excellent even on  video).  Cirque is really establishing itself, don't be surprised if you  start seeing a permanent Cirque show at a town near you!!
6302636779|5.0|wonderfull fllm.   With all do respect to willam wyler, his version of Ben Hur was not as good as the c.b. demille version nor this movie.  If oscars  were based on solely on marit this movie sould have won best picture,  director, and actress.  It is amazing when you note that a actress with no  formal training could carry a 3 hour film in that Fred zimmerman set up as  character study.   Most Hollywood big color epics tend to be about the  river platt that is a mile wide, 1000 miles long and an inch deep.  This  film is about a person
0385495315|5.0|I read Singh's Fermat's Enigma and loved it.  This book is also great.  The text describes in understandable terms the science of cryptography.   Examples of what is being described are provided throughout the book.   Singh has managed to create a fascinating account of the evolution of  cryptology and he shows how significant historical events were effected by  the use of codes.  Despite the technical content of some of the material,  Singh has created an easily readable absorbing book.
B000021XS0|5.0|This band has put out a great piece of musical art. Dream Theater have made my jaw drop to the ground with this one. If solid musicianship and a  very interesting storyline is your game, then you better BUY BUY BUY!!! A  musical tour de force that would turn fans of ZAPPA,PINK FLOYD,RUSH and YES  into Dream Theater converts. SIMPLY AWESOME!!!
0446525537|1.0|USA Today tells us that Nicholas Sparks &quot;has taken as his subject romantic love&quot; -- I beg to differ.  I believe he is obsessed with  death!  People who believe that this is the best author they have ever read  have obviously not read very much or of any variety.
B00000K0EA|5.0|I believe that this Pierce Brosnan is the best actor that James Bond films have had since the begining of Bond films. This film and the one before  have given James Bond Films a new life.  Please enjoy them.  I hope that we  will have more to come!
B000002HGD|5.0|Simply put, one of the best albums in my collection. Find myself listening to it over and over again. Covers many differnet styles and never boring,  never dull.
6303212263|5.0|Excellent film about the ever-popular comic book hero.  This film should be around for quite a long time to entertain future generations of  audiences.
068483605X|3.0|I have to say that I was disappointed when I finally read this book.  It wasn't required reading at my high school so I never had the chance to read  it.  I finally broke down and got it from the local library because it is  considered a &quot;classic&quot;.  Now I'm not saying it wasn't an  interesting book, but it's not something I'd ever read again and it didn't  keep me thinking after I had put the book down.  A really great book keeps  me involved long after I've finished it.  Then I have to read it again.  I  wouldn't recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good suspense or action  book.  It dragged along at times.
6300216802|3.0|As a devout Star Trek fan, I faithfully saw this film in the theater when it made its local debut.  The individual entrances of the key players like  William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, and DeForest Kelley even drew applause from  the audience.  Unfortunately, it appears the producers of this flick wanted  to stretch the plot intended for an hour-long episode of the TV show into a  two-and-a-half hour feature motion picture.  Despite all its special  effects, the movie is just too long and slow moving to keep even the most  ardent of Trek fans interested.
B00000J2L7|5.0|When Kubrick and Peter George set out to adapt the latter's novel &quot;Red Alert&quot;, they planned a serious movie, it is said:  but as  they went along, lifting dialogue directly out of US government  publications (including such gems as Gen. Turgidson's &quot;I'm not saying  we wouldn't get our hair mussed!  But I am saying only thirty to forty  million killed, tops!  Uh, depending on the breaks&quot;) they couldn't  escape the dark absurdity of it all.  In its brilliant final form, the film  examines, with a wry and jaundiced eye, the synthesis of jingoistic  patriotism with aggression and male sexuality.  The film incorporates some  of the most audacious visual puns ever filmed:  the title sequence with one  plane refueling another, hose penetrating and languidly thrusting, with  saccharine lovey-dovey music (&quot;Try a Little Tenderness&quot;!)-- is an  achingly funny parody of a porno flick.  And so many other classic  sequences reinforce the connection: General Turgidson and his mistress,  General Ripper's obsession with the &quot;purity of our precious bodily  fluids&quot; (as he says, &quot;Women sense my power, they seek out the  Life Essence.  I do not avoid women, Mandrake, but I do deny them my  essence...&quot;), the B-52 crew flipping through Playboy with girlie  pinups and &quot;survival&quot; gear like prophylactics, nylons,  lipstick... Colonel Guano and his obsession with &quot;deviant  preverts&quot;, Premier Kissoff and his partying (&quot;Mr President, the  premier is a man of the people, but he is also a man, if you get my  drift...&quot;), the plan to survive in deep mineshafts with a 10-1 female  to male ratio, women (of course!) chosen for their desirability (Mr  President, the Rooskies might occupy more mineshafts than we and BREED more  prodigiously...&quot;) and the crowning imagery of Slim Pickens riding the  bomb down to its target, the bomb like a huge parody phallus, and the  deadly orgasmic explosion of the bomb.  So many otherclassic images:  the  evil Dr Strangelove (&quot;It was Merkwuerdigliebe, but he changed it when  he became a citizen&quot;) with the oval arc of fluorescent lights above  and behind, framing his head like a halo... the American troops outside  Burpleson AFB fighting those inside while a billboard looms above  proclaiming &quot;Burpleson Airforce Base... Peace Is Our Profession&quot;  -- they all point out how the synthesis indeed is &quot;merkwuerdig  Liebe&quot;, truly, &quot;Strange Love&quot;.  Of course, the film is a  veritable treasury of classic images and imperishably funny dialogue as  well (&quot;Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room!&quot;   &quot;Gee, I wish we had one of them Doomsday Machines!&quot;  &quot;Sweetheart, I told you never to call me here-- of course it isn't  only physical, I deeply respect you as a human being...oh, by the way,  don't forget to say your prayers!&quot;)  And the final sequence of Dr  Strangelove rising from his wheelchair: &quot;I have a plan---- Mein  Fuehrer!  I CAN WALK!!&quot;&quot; And as the Bombs explode, obliterating  life, Vera Lynn croons, &quot;We'll meet again-- don't know where -- don't  know when--&quot;  Thought-provoking even while it makes you laugh.  One  the the best films ever made.
6303402348|4.0|I can see Tom Hanks winning an Oscar for his portrayal of this fictitious character; it's a character tailor-made for his quality of acting.  I found  the film entertaining even though in reality, this kind of life led by  someone like Forrest Gump would be highly improbable.  I found the plot of  this movie to be too similar to that of &quot;Being There&quot;, starring  the late Peter Sellers.
B000002JSV|4.0|There was a time when AC/DC were more then a cartoonish imitation of themselves:those of you curious about high voltage rock'n'roll that's two  feet in the blues,give this one a spin:you will be hooked!By the way,this  is Angus Young's favorite album.
0790736942|5.0|Of all horror flicks made to date, this has to be one of the all time classics.  The graphic horror scenes and profanity certainly don't make  this a movie for the faint-of-heart, but it presents the full chilling  effect of William Peter Blatty's novel.  Linda Blair is precociously  talented in her role of Reagan McNeill.  There are so many scenes in this  film that will be indelibly etched in the memories of anyone who watch it.
B000002HPT|3.0|This time around Dream Theater get off their progressive-wannabe high horse and actually try to come up with the real thing;somehow they only  make it half of the way- the other half being lame excursions into pop and  'see what I can do virtuosity'trips.Progressive bands are a dime a dozen  these days-there are too many skilled musicians and not enough soul.
0783226160|5.0|A hilariously funny adult-themed movie that has provided keen entertainment for an entire generation; and which should continue to  provide many future generations with the same.  All of you with a college  education should be able to recall that one fraternity of misfits so  ubiquitous to campuses in this country; this film presents a convincing  idea of what life would be like in such a fraternity.  This is one film  which presents adult themes and profanity in a way that enhances the  quality of the film; this is probably the reason the television series  based on this film was such a failure.  Also while watching this film, we  should all get a feeling of loss when we see the late John Belushi in one  of the finest performances of his too-brief film career.
B000002JSZ|4.0|There seems to be an obsession with 'Back in Black' on the part of those listeners who are stuck in a time warp;'Flick of the Switch' is the  post-Bon Scott album that comes closest to the glorious 70's era in terms  of grooves,bitchy licks  and attitude:if you ever tire of the black album,  go for the white one instead,but handle with care:it's white hot!
6304119046|5.0|Many alive today are too young to remember what Hollywood and the film industry were like immediately after the advent of sound films.  This film  wasn't a big-budget one, but it helped launch the careers of many find  actors and actresses like Orson Welles, Joseph Cotten, Agnes Moorehead,  etc.  This film caused quite a stir in Hollywood at the time of its  theatrical release.  However, its appeal probably won't withstand the  passage of time with each generation;  the mixed reviews presented here  attest to that.
B000021XS0|3.0|I've been following the evolution of this band since they were called Majesty in the late eighties and they've come a long way.Yet there's two  areas where they lack:over production at the expense of a more  organic/humane sound(cf.Pink Floyd,Yes,Genesis,Fates Warning),and a better  vocalist-James LaBrie is ok,but he is no Peter Gabriel or Jon Anderson,i.e.  there's nothing distinctive or even memorable about his voice.As far as the  'concept album'works,it's been done and much better:how about Pink Floyd's  'The Final Cut'?Dream Theater are a group of excellent musicians jamming  together, yet the output always seems to have an artificial,contrived feel.
6303589170|5.0|This should rank among the all-time greats in science fiction films.  This is perhaps the best acting performance by Jeff Bridges to date.  A very  well made film which is a brilliantly concocted combination of science  fiction and romantic drama; there are also many humorous moments blended in  too!
B00000IHHM|5.0|I bought this CD after seeing the European Music awards and hearing snippets sung by the performers. Wow! As a French teacher it has totally  given me a new zest for incorporating music into my classes. It is  beautiful and the CD is well worth its price. I really love it. People  driving next to me in the traffic must think that I am crazy... I sing  along with it at full volume.
6304117752|5.0|An excellent job at transferring the classic Rodgers &amp; Hammerstein broadway musical to the big screen.  Messrs. Rodgers and Hammerstein  entertained millions for years on the broadway stage with their musicals,  and the Sound of Music is their masterpiece.  It was quite a task to take  the entire film company to location in and around beautiful Salzburg,  Austria to make this musical picture, but it was well worth it in the end.   Although a long film, it's one that should keep everyone in their seats to  enjoy all the way through!
6302424739|5.0|I was lucky enough to meet Helene Hanff in November 1994, just over three years before she died - the real-life star of this film.  She was every bit  as remarkable and likeable as she is portrayed in this film version which  covers her corespondence with a London bookstore from 1949 to 1969.<br />Anne  Bancroft and Anthony Hopkins do a wonderful job in bringing this small-time  story to the big screen.<br />If you're interested in finding out more about  Helene Hanff you can use a web search engine - this may well point you in  the direction of my site devoted to Helene, her life and her books.  Enjoy!
B000002UAU|5.0|What can you say? There are no words, but I will try... Sgt Pepper was a departure for the Beatles. From this point on in thier career, they  consistently re-invented thier sound as well as thier image. They wanted to  start from scratch, thus re-naming themselves as the &quot;Sgt. Pepper's  Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot;. The music is masterful and this album  redefined the world of music and its possibilities. The production is  impeccable-from the production and orchestration of George Martin, to the  melodic motives and brilliantly concieved interludes and unbelievable riffs  of McCartney, this album is without question the greatest album of all  time. It has everything, from the uplifting rocker &quot;Getting  Better&quot; to the beautiful tearjerker &quot;She's Leaving Home&quot; to  the Lennon masterpiece &quot;Mr' Kite&quot;, this album without a doubt  reserves its place as possibly the best, most genius and complete album  ever recorded.  As for some of the other reviewers below me, although very  few of them, I pity you. It makes me very depressed and upset that some  people completely missed the boat here. It is nauseating to me that some  people dismiss this album. Obviously, some people may not consider it the  &quot;best album ever recorded&quot; but it is undeniably a masterpiece  that cannot be swept under the rug. It's like calling a Picasso or a  Michelangelo a piece of trash.  It may not be your cup of tea, but if you  are an experienced music lover and have any concept whatsoever as to what  is art and what is just plain rubbish, it is so easy to see that this  genius and extremely innovative album changed the direction of music  forever.  Thank you Paul McCartney, John Lennon, George Harrison and Ringo  Starr for giving us the gift of your music
B00000JPH4|5.0|This movie is one of my all-time favorite movies. I seen it as I was a little kid - it's definately safe, as long as you're not offended by pure  imagination ;) - and I have never stopped loving this movie.  I'm 21 today  and I would completely enjoy watching this.<br />The Never Ending Story,  Labrynith, Legend, and The Dark Crystal.  These are beautiful movies,  beautiful stories, and the way a good story and movie should be.   Definately, by all means, get your kids (and yourself) these movies.  They  will never be forgotten!
0792839846|5.0|A world where good was Good and evil, Evil, Casablanca takes us to the heart of the human experience.  A gentle, yet correctly seedy glimpse of  war and romance at The crucial turning point of the 20th Century,  it is  the only film I have ever seen four times and shall probably see another  four times.  Bergman (and Bogart) tug at your heart strings in the primal  choice between passion and duty, the self and society.  A truly great,  romantic film, and the music is unforgettable.  &quot;Here's looking at  you,CASABLANCA.
0399128964|5.0|An absolutely amazing book filled with 3 dimensional  characters, wonderful settings, and fasinating events. I highly recommend this book.  Anyone who would rate this book bellow five stars either never really read   the book or has no taster.
0345410025|5.0|You will never read a book with more potential impact on your life than this book (well, maybe some religeous texts, but let's be practical here).   I read this book in it's original cover almost 10 years ago.  Back then, I  was a very bad student and worker.  I read this book after being inspired  by a late night infomercial (from a competitive product).  For the roughly  $5.00 I paid for it at the time, I recieved millions in value. Imagine  going to a party and being able to remember everyone's names.  Imagine  breezing through college classes with ease.  Imagine sitting in a business  meeting and being able to recall volumes of data and support material  instantly.  Imagine never needing to write anything down in order to  remember it.  That is exactly what you will get from this book.  You will  be able to memorize literally anything!!  I'm so confident in this book,  I'll buy it from you if you don't agree with my review 100%
0440180295|5.0|Kurt saw it himself - the greatest massacre in European history.  Commited by America &amp; England. As Kurt tries to remember what happened he also  admits that he was kidnaped by Aliens.  How does this relate?  What Kurt  saw at Dresden was so weird that it might as well have been being kidnaped  by Aliens.  As horrible as this massacre was Kurt finds somthing worse...  The ravages of time.
B000021XR5|4.0|I remember being very impressed with STP's first two albums, but didn't think much of 'Tiny Music' (or Scott's solo effort a couple of years  back).<br />So far I've only played this album a couple of times but I can  tell it's a real return to form and well worth buying!<br />Oh, and it's yet  another band where Brendan O'Brien is the 'extra' member (this bloke gets  about...)
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is THE sci-fi film of 1999. I loved everything about this film and cannot fault it. The Wachowski brother have raised the bar for this  genre taking the best of east and west film techniques and given us a taste  of the future.<br />This is how it should be done!
0345347951|5.0|This being my first Clarke novel, I wasn't expecting a lot, but what a shock! This book ranks with the best i've ever read, and contains the most  startling scene i've yet read, as the &quot;devil&quot; walks off a  spacecraft with a child in each arm.
6304500556|5.0|A lot of folks have trouble with this film.  They are turned off by the over-the-top violence, mayhem, and sex.  What they don't understand is that  it is nothing more than a really well-made exploitation film.  Remember  those?  Movies which had no higher agenda than providing plenty of fun,  cheap thrills, like gratuitous sex and violence?  Many of them were made in  the late '60s and throughout the '70s?  Like Women In Prison films?   Blaxploitation?  Car-racing movies?  Slasher films?  Russ Meyer movies?   Anyone?  Well, for those who DO remember, and who don't need every flick  they see to contain lofty statements about the nature of mankind and the  universe, you will love this movie.  The cast is great:  I mean, come on,  Harvey Keitel, Juliette Lewis, Fred Williamson... even Quentin, who can't  act, is utilized effectively.  Clooney has a great role which no one seemed  to appreciate, Hayek does a lewd dance with a snake which will make your  shorts explode, and Cheech Marin is, as always, a laugh riot.  This film is  at fever pitch every step of the way and contains plenty of Rodriguez  camera-acrobatics and clever Tarantino dialogue.  Please understand,  people, this film IS trash.  Good, fun,  doesn't-take-itself-at-all-seriously trash!  God love it!
B000002MY3|5.0|Wake up, people.  The future of rock music has arrived and she is a 5 foot, four inch Canadian woman from Ottawa.  Jagged Little Pill jumps out  of the speakers and directly into your heart.
B000021XS0|5.0|Well. I have never felt strongly enough about a cd or anything to write a review of it online.  But I have been a Dream Theater fan for a long time,  and without a doubt THIS IS THE BEST CD EVER! My jaw was on the floor  frequently as i listened to this cd. Not only do they improve even further  on their musicianship (which I did not think was possible) , but the  writing is unbelievable. The cd is a STORY that captivates you from the  very first scene. The keyboards are the best they have ever had. I don't  know what else to say but that i had goosebumps at times during this cd.  Make sure you have 80 minutes, and a killer pair of headphones in order to  listen to this the first time. Simply amazing!
B000001Y2U|2.0|I suppose this album deserves some credit as a cultural phenomenon, but as music, as such, it'll get no credit from me. If you want to hear something  really depraved, if you want this type of music done well, you have to go  find some Scratch Acid or Birthday Party. You can thank me later, kids.
0553573411|5.0|While many would see the first person narrative a liability, I for one would say that this is one of the most tentalizing assets. <br />This book has  less physical movement but a lot to have your mind exercised. The  characters are very strongly built, the plot is unpredictable (less than  the first book) and events are astounding. <br />I hope no one whines that  they hate the ending, for this is a trilogy and as of now the 3rd book is  available in paperback. Any cliffhangers are meant to be solved or resolved  in the last book. <br />I am also a very picky reader, especially when it  comes to Fantasy, and for me to give all 5 stars means a lot.
B000021XR5|5.0|Great album, the first half is much harder than the second half of the album.  A few less than desirable songs, but a couple of gems that only STP  can create, make  the album well worth the purchase.
1559948671|5.0|Attached to 1st of the 7th Cavalry's &quot;B&quot; Company from HHQ, I was in Ia Drang Valley with Gen. Moore and can verify much of what occurred  with &quot;B&quot; Company.<br />The story told by the authors is true, even  more happened, which was not included. Gen. Harold Moore and Joe Galloway  did a remarkable job of reciting the facts as they actually happened.<br />If  you want to get a good close-up look into what actual combat in a foreign  land was, this book gives you facts.<br />It depicts many heroic acts and some  character flaws in humans. One black M-60 machine-gunner I saw whom,  without hesitation, gun blazing, pressed forward in the heat of  battle.<br />Omitted from the book was the actual odor of hundreds, dead and  dying, in the extreme heat of Ia Drang Valley; a smell unlike I had ever  experienced and the picture of bodies wrapped in ponchos stacked like cord  wood at Pleiku.<br />By the Grace of God and many prayers I survived... and yet,  this does not mean those who died did not have God's Grace. This book  cannot answer the \\"why\\" question but it will help you better understand the  real consequences of war. Is war worth the supreme sacrifice and ultimate  casualties?<br />The book could provoke you to think that if we must engage in  combat how can we accomplish our goals and minimize the casualties and are  those goals worth the cost? <br />Many Americans who saw only quiet tense  young soldiers (yet somehow mysteriously different) return home can now  understand the great trauma that some went through in Viet Nam (as with  other wars).<br />How do you tell a man that had taken several rounds in the  chest, pleading &quot;Please Doc don't let me die&quot;, that it's  okay.<br />&quot;If war could make a man than life should be better... but war  can mold the soul that makes the man... W.K.&quot;<br />This book is well  worth reading for the emotionally stable. If you have a sensitive nature  consider buying the book for someone else.
0800177177|4.0|I love this movie for the pure audacity Coppola uses in his filmaking technique.  This is DRACULA as Opera! The costumes are audacious in color  and form.  Coppola uses silent movie techniques all through the movie --  the special effects are practically done &quot;live&quot; (shadows and  levitations).  The music is bold and romantic.  The acting is not subtle.  I really love this movie.  Coppola is showing off a bit, but it's so  enjoyable. I love his use of narration and journal-entry to advance the  story.  Then he shows us the journal superimposed over the action on  screen.  A lightning bolt is obviously a neon light, but it works so well!<br />I agree with most comments about Keanu.  But he's ok.  Winona is very  good.  I think Gary Oldman does very well -- his accent is a bit over the  top, but so is the whole movie!  And Anthony Hopkins looks like he's having  a ball.<br />Most importantly, I think this film proves you can do an  intelligent rendering of a horror story without grossing the audience out.  I'm not interested in gore.  But a few shocks or decapitations done  tastefully and artfully are fine with me!  This film is a work of art and  yet fun all at the same time!<br />My DVD freezes every time I try to go to  the menu.  Playing the DVD is fine ... I just can't use the DRACULA menu  option.  Does anyone else have this problem ??
B000001GQB|5.0|This was part of my first order from Amazon.com---it came quickly and didn't disappoint.  I was hesitant to order these symphonies because they  were recorded in the late 50s and early 60s, but I decided based on the  review and customer comments to go ahead and give them a shot.  Truly  Maestro Bohm knew Mozart and brought him to life.  The clarity, brilliance,  and interpretations are incredible.  It is so refreshing to hear Mozart  played Bohm's way versus the common chamber size orchestra recordings that  are coming in abundance these days.  This is the Mozart you want, not a  period performance.  Go with Bohm--you won't be disappointed!!!
B00000DQT7|5.0|The previous two reviews of this album really made me scratch my head -- then they just made me laugh.  Rambling on about authenticity as if that  dubious concept carries any real weight when it comes to evaluating art.   It's the end result that matters -- not the various circumstances,  situations, or attitudes that led to it -- and the end result here is pure  magic.  Do yourself a favor and dismiss the confused, pretentious reviews  directly below this one and hear this record out -- it's bold, catchy, and  absolutely flawless.
0671578278|5.0|I want MORE...whats next? What ELSE could Miles possibly get involved in? Bujold manages to make political infighting fun, funny, entertaining and  exciting. I want to know what happens to the Better Butter Bugs, I want to  know how Mark does from here, I want to know what happens to Nikki, is Ivan  gonna get Miles' job after what he manages to pull off? I WANT MORE  MILES!!! :)   Thank you to Bujold for a wonderful cast of characters that  never fail to entertain.
0800177177|4.0|Well, I don't know what to say that hasn't been said before. The movie is one of the best I ever saw : ambiance, dresses, actors, background music  and the most important thing : THE STORY ! Really nice... Remember :  Vampires are among us ! Slurp !
B000001GPX|5.0|So much has been written about this incredible performance that I don't feel the need to engage in overblown, highbrow, classical snob's rhetoric;  it's all been said before. Yes, it's all true, but here's the skinny on  this gem: Beethoven's 5th symphony is, quite simply, music from the gut,  and Carlos Kleiber makes that clear; if rock music had existed back in  Ludwig's day, this is what it would've sounded like! This recording is so  exciting that, by the end of the performance, you'll be like Keanu Reeves  after a huge wave; swept away and shaking your head, &quot;Whoah!&quot; The  sound quality is outstanding for it's time; so many great, older recordings  gather dust on the shelf due to their poor sonics. Now, this is the real  kicker, not only is this performance worthy of a full price tag on it's  own, but it's coupled with a, nearly as great, rendition of Beethoven's 7th  symphony at mid-price! This is, without a doubt, one of the best classical  music values on the market. It's not often in life that you can get the  &quot;best for less;&quot; this is one of those rare occasions where you  can. Enjoy!
079284131X|4.0|1988 shocker of a killer who is shot be a cop in a toy store, who then is forced to transfer  his soul into a &quot;good guy doll&quot; so he would  keep from dying and going to hell.  Sounds very silly but it is so nicely  acted and directed it keeps you yelling for more. And the special effects  will truly blow you away-chucky(the good guy doll) walks, talks, and moves  so smooth you truly cant tell its a machine.  And as it said on the  original box cover, Chucky truly is one mean SOB..
0812550757|5.0|This book changed the way a look at other people.  That says a lot.
0767840135|5.0|You can see Cirque du Soleil for the first time just once, unfortunately.  Your first Cirque exposure is so disorienting and magical that the  subsequent shows never quite measure up.  Quidam does the best job yet of  making the experience brand new again.  (And if Quidam is your first Cirque  show, so much the better!)  Some people may regard Cirque du Soleil as not  much more than an arty Las Vegas show.  For some of us, however, it's a  religious experience.  If you can't get to a live performance, buy this  video.  Buy this video anyway!
B000002U82|5.0|The BEST album EVER created.  Only Mozart can explain this to the world. And he's not here with us.
0385493800|4.0|A lawyer, formerly a brilliant specialist in medical malpractice litigation, on the edge of exclusion from his firm, is extracted by his  boss from a $1,000/day rehab center for alcoholics. His last-chance task:  to find in the tropical forest of Brazil a missionary doctor, the  unsuspecting heiress to a huge (11 billion $) fortune left to her by her  eccentric illegitimate father, the self-made 10th richest man in the U.S.A.  who has recently sprung a olographic will as a spiteful surprise on a  cohort of spend-thrift legitimate children who have been lulled by a  second-last will into believing they would be the heirs to the estate; a  few minutes later, the man kills himself. In the course of his search for  the nun and in contact with the wilderness and with simple but true natives  and after meeting the nun, the lawyer finds himself again, acquires a new  perspective, drops his alcoholic habit and, after a bout of dengue fever,  finds the will to renew his relationship with his estranged former  families. The final development has a good twist and it should not be  revealed beforehand. Mr Grisham gives in this book a welcome variation from  his previous production: throughout the pages, the scene varies from the  swamps and jungle of Brazil to the legal offices and courtrooms back home,  where the crowd of disinherited relatives, who have speculated on an  imminent immense fortune and already disposed of a lot of money not yet  theirs, furiously contest the will with the help of a score of lawyers of  varying levels and ethical standards, who however have in common the greed  for their contingency fees. Eventually, everybody gets rich! Mr Grisham is  to be commended on his idea, his development of it and his writership.
B000002546|5.0|I just can not understant HOW modern musicians haven't learned that THIS (Blow By Blow) is the way an album should be: Interesting from Track 01  00:00 ms, until the very END.  Buy it. It's unique. It's fabulous.
B000021XS0|5.0|I have been a fan of DT since &quot;Images and Words&quot;, and none of their past albums (which are all spectacular mind you) have blown me away  like this one.  The musicianship is the greatest I have ever heard, the  plot (it is an opera) is intriguing, and the sound quality will test the  limits of the greatest stereos.  By far the best album I have heard this  year.  After a few more spins in the player, it may be the best EVER!
B000000WA4|4.0|I bought this CD without listening it first. It was Christmas, and I felt alone. I felt even worst after I completely heard it. I LOVE THIS CD.  Billy, you're the one who knows. I still find something different each  time. A MUST.
B00001MXXG|5.0|No other movie brings out the kid in all of us like this one does. I'm building my DVD collection and it definitely would not be complete without  this all-time must have classic!
0767817729|5.0|This movie shatters the illusions that keep most people from digging too deeply into their souls. Not too many people can see themselves in the  roles played by these characters, but with a little imagination, I could  see it happening to myself. A highly thought provoking movie.
B000003BEM|5.0|This is Paul Westerberg's favorite album.  Nothing more needs to be said.  But, if I can throw my own two cents in, this is truly The Stones at their  most soulful and brilliant.  My favorite Stones songs are spread across  various albums but I don't think they ever made a better album than this  one.
B000006YMN|5.0|This cd is so good. Agnetha was the voice behind the wonderful ABBA music. Many of the songs in this cd remind me of ABBA's great music. I especially  liked the duet with Peter Cetera. I highly recommend this cd.
B000007T1M|3.0|System of a Down is a band that deserves a lot of credit for standng a great distance away from the crowd and putting so many of their deeply held  beliefs on display to the world. Art is always criticized. SOAD is composed  of some brave guys who put their hearts in the front lines. My problem with  the album is that I don't agree with much of what they say. However, I  won't sit here and write about how awful a band they are. They're not.  Their original sound is complemented by a unique singer who covers every  range from a deep growling anger to the whimsical. I appreciate and commend  SOAD for their originality, it's just unfortunate that our beliefs differ.  I love music, and have trouble listening to a band whose ideals and message  I don't concur with. I hope that SOAD continues developing the fan base  they seem to be, and hope the critics step back and realize that music is  all about opening up your mind. Appreciate the fact that a band put  everything they believe in into their music. That alone should be  appreciated. On a final note, if I believed all the things that SOAD does,  this disc would be an easy five stars. Keep speaking your mind gentlemen,  and don't let the narrow-minds grind you down.
630469654X|5.0|Ladyhawke was a wonderful tale of love and loyalty. I have never seen such a film before or since. It was very romantic to see how far people will go  to be with the ones they love. I highly recommend thi one.
B00001YVDW|5.0|Without question, the greatest triumph in the career of The Who, surpassing even Tommy and Quadrophenia.  Every song on the album is classic  Who and each track begs to be listened to over and over again.  This album  proved without question that The Who was, indeed, the greatest rock and  roll band in the world in the 1970s.
B00000K19E|5.0|I saw this film HEAPS of times at the theatre, and could watch it over and over again - the last film I had this type of hype for was the orginal  Highlander with Christopher Lambert!! Right from the moment The Matrix  starts, you've had it - you're engrossed!  Great concept, great actors,  real great SOUND/music and great special effects!!  I have recommended this  film to tonnes of people!  You can tell from my email address that I am a  sucker for The Matrix!
6305537550|5.0|Well, what can I say? &quot;Halloween&quot; is my favorite film of all time. It is full of suspense, fine acting, and a great musical score, even  after 20 years. The plot is plain and simple: little six year old Michael  Myers stabs his sister to death on Halloween night, 1963, in his hometown  of Haddonfield. Fifteen years later he escapes the mental hospital, returns  to Haddonfield and stalks 3 teenage girls: smart-mouthed Annie (Nancy  Loomis), sex-crazed Lynda (P.J. Soles) and bookworm Laurie Strode (Jamie  Lee Curtis in her first starring role). Michael's psychiatrist, Dr. Sam  Loomis (Donald Pleasence) knows where he is heading and spends the night  with the help of Sheriff Brackett (Charles Cyphers) trying to find him  before he kills again. Unfortunately, that doesn't happen and we get  treated to some really suspenseful scenes, where we see &quot;The  Shape&quot; appear, disappear and reappear, this time with a butcher knife  in his hand. This all leads up to a heart-pounding scene with Laurie, as  she tries to fend off Michael any way she can, until Dr. Loomis comes to  help her. Sure, there are some flaws here and there, but the acting, music  and atmosphere make up for them. &quot;Halloween&quot; was released in 1978  and was followed by six sequels over the course of 20 years. Most of them  which do not capture the essence of this classic.
B00000JCOV|5.0|First of all, I'm tired of every metal band being compared to Korn. Enough already. Korn has three good songs on every album and the rest is  indecipherable words and sounds. Slipknot claims its own place, and does so  by breaking all the windows in your house. Vocals are reminiscent of J.D.  from Korn but with a meaner edge and no whimpering and pouting.. Musically,  Slipknot tears off mean guitar lines and backs it up with what seems like a  four-armed drummer. To compare a song like &quot;Sic&quot; to LimpB's  &quot;Nookie,&quot; one must be deaf or ignorant. Slipknot puts much more  grit, heart, and talent into their music than the chord-crunch then yell  &quot;nookie&quot; that LimpB does. If you appreciate talented metal, then  pick up Slipknot. Along with Staind, Slipknot released one of the best  metal albums of the year.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Giving this movie just five stars just doesn't do it its justice. It should be given at least ten. This movie takes all of the others in the  past that explored the same idea and blows them completely out of the  water. This movie will be a classic for ages to come. The special effects  of this movie were fantastic, and to think that they even had to invent new  ways to film just so that they could get the right shots. It kind of makes  a person feel good knowing that they have seen the best movie of the  century.
B00000DLVA|5.0|THIS ALBUM HAS EXCELLENT PRODUCTION, OUTSTANDING SONGWRITING, AND BEAUTIFUL VOCALS. WHAT ELSE WOULD YOU EXPECT FROM THE CARDIGANS. THERE  SONGS ARE ALWAYS WELL WRITEN, THEY ALWAYS HAVE SUCH AWESOME KEYBOARD,  GUITAR, BASS, AND DRUM SOUNDS. BUT I'AM ALWAYS IMPRESSED BY NINAS VOCAL  STYLE MOST OF ALL. I HAVE SEEN THE CARDIGANS LIVE PERFORMANCE SEVERAL TIMES  AND EACH PERFORMANCE WAS BREATHTAKING. EXCELLENT LIVE PRODUCTI0N, AND THEY  ARE ALWAYS VERY INTO THE AUDIENCE. THERE NOT JUST A MUSICIANS BAND BUT A  FANS BAND AS WELL. worldsuttonrecor@hotmail.com
B00000GAMD|5.0|As a 31 year old rock fanatic I feel I should pay homage to the best album I have ever heard.  This takes conceptual depth, great melodies, and a wide  range of song types and molds them into an unbelievable package.  It is an  album which everyone that I know who has had the chance to listen to it has  really grabbed onto it.  I enjoy Marillion with Steve Hogarth on vocals  very much and I think they remain a great band, but this album was a  special thing. Seeing Steve do &quot;Heart of Lothian&quot; in concert  several years back remains in my memory as a fantastic performance, only  enhancing this material.
B00000K31V|5.0|As beautiful as it is repulsive, &quot;eXistenZ&quot; literally sucks you from the mesmerizing opening credits to the jaw-dropping finale.<br />By the  way, the DVD is anamorphic widescreen (a rarity coming from the folks at  Disney) and is crisp and colorful and truly gorgeous.<br />Don't miss it.  A  very cool film.  And certainly one of David Cronenberg's best.
B000001EXR|2.0|I love KISS, but I wonder what they were thinking here.  If I wanna hear Black Sabbath that's what I'll listen to.  This disk is heavy which is  great but it's also slow which is very anti-Kiss.  This was supposed to be  a sister album to Revenge, but Revenge although different was still Kiss.   By being Kiss I mean fun, fast, sing along, rock and roll.  This is very  plodding and methodical like most of the music from 93-97.  Thank God  grunge is pretty much over because all of that music was so unbelievably  boring (yes let me be the first to say all of Pearl Jam's songs are  boring).  And unfortunately Kiss followed suit here.
B00000IOSU|5.0|A friend introduce me to her two years ago and i have been a big fan since.  her voice puts me into a calm like no one. She is great.
B000023VTQ|5.0|I loved this movie and it's definitely a must see for anyone whose a sucker for romance. Hugh Grant shines as the blissful sweethearted  character that he plays best. Julia Roberts is beautiful for her  simplicity. The supporting actors could carry the performance alone. It is  wonderful to say the least!
B00000IFWE|2.0|Whenever I listen to a new CD, somewhere in the recesses of my brain I'm comparing the music I hear with the best songs in that artist's catalog.   Unfortunately for Tom Petty, his catalog of work has some incredible high  points - it doesn't get much better than songs like American Girl, Refugee,  or The Waiting. His new release, \\"Echo,\\" seems aptly titled, as somewhere  deep in the midst of its muddied mediocrity I can hear a faint echo of  those classic songs.    Tom Petty's at his best when he combines his rock  n' roll energy with catchy Byrds-like melodies to create anthemic rock and  roll tunes that you just can't stop humming.  I listened really hard to  this album five times, but I must sadly attest to the fact that most every  here is thoroughly forgettable - a big disappointment considering the hype  surrounding the album.  Especially disappointing considering that his last  release, the soundtrack to the film \\"She's The One,\\" was his best album  since his '89 solo debut, \\"Full Moon Fever.\\"<br />Like the soundtrack to  \\"She's The One,\\" \\"Echo\\" reunites him with guitarist Mike Campbell and  keyboardist Benmont Tench, the heart of his backing band, The  Heartbreakers.  It also reunites him with co-producer and Rap industry  forefather Rick Rubin, who's production skills brought renewed vitality to  Petty's \\"She's The One\\" soundtrack, as well as to Johnny Cash's  Grammy-winning \\"Unchained.\\"  In the end though, only great songs can make  for a great album, and neither Rick Rubin nor The Heartbreakers can help in  that department.<br />Most of the songs here start and end in the same place,  muddling through boring chord progressions that lack any sense of classic  Petty melody.  Mike Campbell, whose hook-laden guitar riffs and solos have  become a signature of the Petty sound, is listed as the lead guitarist -  but most of the songs are conspicuously absent of any lead guitar parts.   In the end, songs devolve into bluesy, dirgey rants that go nowhere.  Casein point - the first single, Free Girl Now, a boring three chord stomp in  which Petty shouts throughout in slurred Dylanese (a frightening trend in  the classic rock world). <br />It's obvious from all the advertisements and  hoopla on VH-1 that Warner Brothers records is counting on this release to  rejuvenate sagging sales.  Petty and the band have already hit the road to  support the album in their first major tour in 5 years.  The heat of the  summer will be the true test- for what it's worth, I'll put my neck on the  line and wager that you'll be hard pressed to find a new Tom Petty song on  the radio this summer.  <br />My recommendation - if you're a die-hard Petty  fan run out, buy this disc, and you'll probably find something you like.    If you really don't care about Tom Petty and just want to hear some great  music, look elsewhere for your music fix.  You won't be missing much.
B000001FMQ|4.0|I must admit that I really like this one.  I'll agree it's probably the least heavy Kiss album besides Dynasty and Unmasked, but it's awfully fun.   Basically, they tried to be Bon Jovi and Def Leppard who were hot at the  time and for my money this is much better than both of them.  Most of the  songs are Paul's and they are fast, polished, and fun.  If you don't want  to sing along with Crazy Crazy Nights, Bang Bang You, Reason to Live, and  Turn on the Night then you really take yourself and your music way too  seriously.  Gene's song's are good, but they're not the usual 'demon'  inspired stuff that would have made this a perfect 5 star disk.  This is  the first Kiss album I ever got - I have them all now and I still find  myself listening to this one a lot some 12 years later.
B0000025HU|5.0|I was 17 when LONDON CALLING first came out. A very impressionable age to first hear something of such brilliance. It was the right album at the right time for me. No other record could ever hit me quite like this one did. Time and thousands of listenings have not diminished its power in the least. Everyone should own a copy.
B000002AHC|5.0|This is easily their best album. Do yourself a favor and get it.
0395860210|3.0|The American Pastoral is a widening abyss demarcated only by the incurable abscess of moral and structural decline around its ever-expanding rim. Can  one discover the exact event that caused the wrong? Futile. Suture the  abscess and drain the decay? Never. Live right? Love well? Neither provides  nor protects. The world is like a glove that has been turned inside out.  All design and color have gone underground. \\"Swede Levov\\" hits the  endangered species list and Orcutt leads the vanguard for the vigorously  vapid.<br />Glove making and cattle raising.  Riots and neighborhood blight.   Dinner party and Deep Throat.<br />The details in the story are mesmerizing,  the background, imposing, and the digressions, demonic. Roth attacks the  denouement with an exciting staccato touch, but he diminishes the effect by  employing too many fermatas. A conversation is interrupted while the ethos  of an entire generation is outlined before the conversation continues. The  misanthropic mystery that is Rita Cohen, who calls during the apocalyptic  dinner party and then evaporates, unsolved, can only be likened to a sudden  glottal stop that truncates the music too harshly. And finally, the grand  fermata that is Zukerman - on hold since page 89 while he \\"dreamed a  realistic chronicle, began gazing into his (The Swede's) life.\\" If the  mental copulation of possibilities were an Olympic event, then Zukerman  (Roth) would be solid gold.
B000002JQ6|1.0|I love AC/DC.  I love all of these songs.  I love their other live one (if you want blood).  But these are the worst versions of these songs I've ever  heard except for TNT.  Where on earth is the crowd - I thought they were  live?  Johnson's vocals are too much in the foreground and overshadow the  music and that makes no sense to me.  AC/DC is about great guitar riffs,  the lyrics are secondary.  No other AC/DC album allows the vocals to  dominate the disk, the vocals definitely don't dominate their live shows,  so why do they on this disk?  Who allowed what should have been the  greatest live album of all time to get screwed up like this?
0807106577|5.0|This is a great novel.  The characters are so painstakingly three-dimensional, so pitifully self-important, so realistically  unimportant, so catastrophic and triumphant in spite of themselves.   Ignatius Reilly will remind you of everyone you ever loved and everyone you  ever hated.  A masterpiece.
B000021XS0|5.0|Having been a long time Dream Theater, I wasn't surprised at the strength of Scenes From a Memory.  Jordan Rudess is a welcomed addition to DT.  I  liked Derek Sheridian, but Jordan Rudess gels with DT so much better.   Essentially this album is a concept album, in the vain of Rush's 2112 and  Savatage's Streets.  I really felt like this album was a treat for anyone  who enjoys progressive rock and classical music.  There is several pieces  on this album that sound like rock versions of Tchaikovsky's Nutcracker  Suite, listen to the song &quot;Fatal Tradegy&quot; to here what I'm  talking about.  And if you like that sound give the Trans-Siberian  Orchestra and Savatage a try.  <br />I was incredibly impressed with  &quot;Home&quot; for its middle-eastern feel, much like &quot;Bombay  Vindaloo.&quot;  &quot;Overture 1928&quot; and &quot;Strange Deja Vu&quot;  just pull you into this magnificent album.  And the instrumental &quot;The  Dance of Eternity&quot; makes the instrumental connection to  &quot;Metropolis Pt. 1&quot; using music from that song but with a  different edge to it.  This album is powerful and soul full.  James gives  one of his greatest vocal performances to date on this album.  John M,  Mike, and John P put in another spectacular performance.
B00000JHAU|5.0|I think there was a time when B&amp;S's star average was 5 getting on ten... I think I can remember a time when nobody had a miserable clue who  these guys were, I do remember a time when we were just overwhelmed by the  the beauty and the freshness of When you're feeling sinister, so now that  mainstream listeners buy and review the album, pooh-pooh it, or even (are  our ears made the same?) think THe boy with the Aarab strap to be superior,  I say just give this album what it deserves: not just 5*, but quiet nights  in a countryside house under the fall's shiny stars with someone you love
B000021XS0|5.0|This is incredible. I have never before heard an album as perfect as SFAM by DT. Not a single drop-out in composition, nor in musical virtuosity.  These guys can do anything from ballads full of feeling to the most complex  and heavy stuff you've ever heard. Working with melody-lines and quoting  lyrics we know from 'Metropolis Pt.1' (Images and Words), using the same  chord progressions and melodies several times throughout the whole album  (without being boring!!!), and telling a thrilling criminal story with a  very surprising end, makes this CD an adventure. This album just released  is a classic already, just like 'Sgt. Pepper' or 'Dark side of the moon'.  By the way, the new keyboarder Jordan Rudess is a wizard on keys and a  great arranger. 5 stars is not enough.... Thanx to DT
B000021XS0|5.0|do I really need to say anything?
B000003S0D|5.0|I would personally rate this album as Crimson's second best, after Larks'. Each track is not as good standalone as anything on Larks' or Red, but as  an album, Lizard stands out in the way the tracks form a whole. I suspect  that most of the poor reviews it has received result from the huge  difference in style this album has from any other. For me, though, this  difference is good. I do not like to listen to the same thing on different  cd's! Give it a try if you are new to Crimson. If you are already  entrenched in their heavier stuff, stay away.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|Great music.  Great lyrics.
1570427496|4.0|I'm wondering if anyone else had the feeling, because of the very last sentence in the book, that Jamie survived her illness.  Landon tells us in  that sentence that there is one thing he still hasn't told us:  that he now  believes that miracles can happen.  The miracle he was praying for was her  healing.  What does someone else think?
0446525537|3.0|While not quite up to par with &quot;The Notebook&quot; and &quot;Message in Bottle&quot;, this book is an enjoyable, quick read.  The lead male  character is refreshingly honest and real, but I found the storyline to be  a bit unrealistic and sappy.  The end seems rushed and abrupt, which left  me wondering &quot;what happened next?&quot;   I would recommend this book  if you like Nicholas Sparks' other titles, but don't expect it to be quite  as good.  The &quot;Notebook&quot;, in my opinion, was one of the most  enjoyable books I've ever read.
B00000J6AG|4.0|&quot;Play&quot; is a gem-laden, ethereal mine of feeling and sound. &quot;Porcelain&quot; has to be one of the most gorgeous, genuine,  heartfelt pieces of music I've heard by any artist, in any genre, from any  period. &quot;BodyRock&quot;, quite simply, rocks.  The rest of the tunes  range from haunting to driving, bluesy to poetic and everything in between.   There are only a few half-formed throwaway tracks here.  This is my first  Moby album, and I think the guy is very talented.  Recommend this disc to  any music-lovers who claim electronica lacks the soul, realness, and beauty  of other genres--and be willing to lend a hand in removing their feet from  their mouths the next day.
B00001ZULV|5.0|This album is a predictable yet wonderful collection of Genesis hits. &quot;Carpet Crawlers 1999&quot; is an awesome remake of the &quot;Lamb  Lies Down&quot; classic and is worth the price of the CD by itself. Great  tunes, good flow and excellent sound quality make this an album for the  ages. If you're at all interested in GENESIS, you must buy this album.  PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, Peter and Phil, REUNITE with Tony, Mike, Steve  Hackett and Anthony Phillips and record an new GENESIS album that will blow  the music world away!
B0000028W9|5.0|You simply cannot fault this album. Some say it's a far cry from his earlier recordings but it has to be said that the wistful, sad, , incisive,  cutting, dark, and romantic Mr Cohen is still alive and well. Majority of  the songs on the album are over 5 minutes long, but you never seem to  notice, in fact, I often wish they were longer! The rythmn and melody,  accompanied by the deft, poetic story telling of Cohen, takes you on a ride  that can be exhillarating (The Future, Closing Time), profoundly moving  (Anthem, Tacoma Trailer, The Miracle) cutting and ry (Democracy), and  incredibly sexy and erotic (Light as the Breeze, Be For Real). There simply  has never been a more angelic song than Anthem. I still am moved by it  after literally thousands of listenings, particularly the final  instrumental break where the strings pluck and the vocals soar. Incredible.  Classical music purists generally only consider the obvious greats as  musical geniusses, (Beethoven, Mozart, Bach etc) but I put this question to  you, Was musical genius confined only to previous centuries? With The  Future, Leonard Cohen prooves that he is up there with the best of them. If  he had written this album in the 1700s, it would be played today by The  London Philharmonic, Sung by Pavarotti, performed in The Met, and Royal  Albert Hall, it would be played at Royal funerals, and after hundreds of  years, would still move people. I re-iterate this point, you cannot fault  this album, and if there was a fault, it has to be said, &quot;...there is  a crack in everything, that's how the light gets in.&quot;
B000021XS0|4.0|Well, being that i'm a big fan of Images and Words, this cd kinda dissappointed me.  They gave up most of their prog rock roots for a more  radio friendly sound.  It's still a cool cd with a storyline to the whole  thing which i liked, and a must for every DT fan.  But if you're looking to  get into prog rock and Dream Theater, don't start here.
0875845851|4.0|Interesting premise.  I liked the theory presented and learned much from the book.  <br />I think it got a little too hung up on the disk industry and  lost focus and my interest.
B00000K31V|2.0|As a cronenberg's fan I was disappointed with this one. The story is not that great but the visual is so bloody cronenberg. Some scenes might be  disturbing to some people, but to cronenberg 's fans its pleasing. By the  way, the weapon is so cool.
B000003S0K|4.0|Not only is this album incredibly inventive and original, it's also very funny; another adjective you can't often use to describe pop music.   Eno  just makes his own rock rules as he goes along.  Each song sounds as  inexplicable, sick, and brilliant as they did 25 years ago.  Not until his  1990 collaboration with John Cale would he record anything close to this  special.
B000002J6F|5.0|The best thing Stephen Stills ever did. It has the sweetness, it has the power - just enough of both. Right on the button.
6304994540|5.0|Yeah, it's not as emotionally rich as 'Fargo.' It's a comedy!  And an amazing one.  These characters are so much deeper than they have any  business being.  The dialogue is textured and hilarious.  I love this  movie.  As usual, the brits got it and the yanks didn't.
0316920045|5.0|A magnum opus of human relationships, fear and hope on into the twenty-first century. Impossible intricacy and detail, you will read this  book again and again for years into the future.     It is only a matter of  time before DFW has his place in the pantheon of writers who deserve their  own courses of study. Your children will read IJ in college and comment  about its insights to the pain and desperate love of the millenial turn.
0451196716|5.0|I think this could have happened 10 years ago, maybe in the mid-eighties but no-way no-how today.  Back then violence was exploited to the max as  entertainment but now after Columbine, violence is now on the politically  taboo list.  If someone tried to organize a competition like this, they  would be chased out of town, and character-assassinated for life.  The  story was nice and tasty and filled you up like a good chocolate malt  milkshake.  I think that the story is a metaphor for how 1980's society  reveled in violence and killing for fun and profit.  They say that a  society's view of the future reflects the society's present mentality   (remember The Running Man - both the short story and the movie?).  Super  story - a good snapshot of how we used to condone violence and pain back in  the 1980's.
B00000JGOH|2.0|Well, its not Shakespeare, if that's what your expecting.  Its more like a movie production of a cheap romance novel.  The name of the greatest writer  of the millennium is used to give legitimacy to a piece of fluff.  Women  can get their hormones going under the ruse of experiencing high art.  Its  a chick flick, nothing more.
B0000013G9|5.0|I think that TLC brings out good, important messages in this cd, as well as in Fanmail. And thank goodness, not all their songs are about  meaningless love songs where someone is always playing hard to get(For ex:  Britney Spears). They've been gone for about four years, and yet they still  have the power to attract a new generation of listeners, produce a  quadruple platinum cd, and do not go near to degrading themselves with  beats that start to sound the same and are cliche-ish. These ladies have  returned to their rightful places as reigning queens in the R&amp;B world.
068484267X|5.0|a very interesting book! Couldn't lay it down.  Am anixous to read his next one, &quot;Tis&quot;  I am giving this book to several family members  for Christmas.
B000021XS0|5.0|I didn't have high hopes for this cd, necessarily. I was afraid DT was going away from their roots a little too much...but this album, which is a  brilliant concept album, seems to tie everything they've done over the past  8 years together. Obviously, as Metropolis Part 2, it focuses on that song,  and even brings back familiar melodies. It's amazing what a little glimpse  of the past can do to make a great album like this one even better. And,  although DT seems to step further from their roots, this album shows that  they're headed in the right direction. A cd like this that combines  incredible musicianship with a storytelling element that bests Queensryche  and Pink Floyd doesn't come around too often...if you don't have it  already, you're just wasting time.
0440214041|5.0|Don't read literature.  Read Grisham instead.  Cars get blown up. People run from the FBI.  Lawyers are involved. It all turns your brain to a  happy, warm bowl of mush.
B00000J7JO|4.0|I guess the reason i gave this chili peppers cd 4 stars was because the first 4 songs are great, stuff that you'd buy a cd for, but the rest are  kinda dissapointing.  Don't get me wrong, I think this cd is great, but  only the first 4 songs on it do any justice.
6304584598|5.0|This great masterpiece by  Tchaikovsky in this particular rendition exploits all the advanced technology of DVD. You have to view it on a state  of the art 60 inch TV set with at least sterio sound, if nor surround  sound. THis is a classic. Nureyev is simply gorgeous and amazing.
B000003TAR|4.0|In Utero is a great cd, one of Nirvana's best.  About half the songs are just great, and the others are worth listening to.  Don't get me wrong, if  you don't like any of Nirvana's other music, then this cd is probably not  for you, but if you are a hard core Nirvana Freak, then Utero Kicks ass!!
B00000IL1K|5.0|I have heard all of Sarah Brightman's recordings and regard this (&quot;EDEN&quot;) CD as the ultimate in her genre. Ms. Brightman's voice  soars through the selections like and angel floating on air. In order to  not enjoy this music ,one would have to be brain-dead, deaf and completely  without emotion.
0792833260|5.0|The reason why I found this film is so enormously moving and tremendously satisfying is that at one moment Dustin Hoffman's behavior pulled out  laughter from me, and at the next moment, or even the same moment, my  awareness of his mental illness pulled out tears.  There is not one  unenjoyable scene in this movie.  See it!
1559408898|5.0|I loved it. I mean I liked the original version of this film but the director's cut really brought things into perspective. While heavy in the  gore and violence department, there really are a lot of details that add to  the story and the believeability of the acting in this movie. I can see why  in 1987 they cut certain gory details out of the theatrical version of this  movie. However, I would also like to point out that by today's standards,  even with the excessivly violent footage restored, this movie is still only  R rated by modern standards. If you are a true Sci-Fi Fan and hardcore  collector, this movie is the only choice and well worth the little extra it  costs.
B00001QEE9|4.0|I was so dissapointed to see that this title only comes in english and french. There is already a track in spanish. Why not add it to this DVD????
B000002UE1|5.0|This is one of those albums that you can play straight through without skipping any tracks and love every minute of it!  Nice mood changes, great  bass parts, and terrific vocals.  Very powerful sounding for a three-piece  band.
6304702329|2.0|a movie for an audience of under 17. my 13 year old daughter loved it. what about the adults? any realy good movie for us?
B000002W8O|5.0|You can't go wrong with Elvis' Christmas Album-a true classic in every sense of the word.  Ranks right up there with other rock &amp; roll holiday  albums like those put out by WCBS-FM(the Ultimate Christmas albums)and even  the best of all, A Christmas Gift For You by Phil Spector.  Side one has  all the rockin' tinsel tunes, and side two has Elvis' versions of beautiful  Christmas hymns.  A must for your collection whether or not you're an Elvis  fan, to think he recorded this when he was just 22 years old.  Now this was  talent!
B00001ZULV|5.0|&quot;Turn It On Again:The Hits&quot; is the first ever U.S. greatest hits compilation from the supergroup &quot;Genesis&quot;. The package is a nice  compilation of most of their big hits in remastered sound. However, it is  not perfect, this package does not contain singles like  &quot;Paperlate&quot; and &quot;The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway&quot; which  appeared on the limited edition &quot;The Greatest&quot; which was released  in Japan 2 years ago (worth hunting for). It does though include  &quot;Tonight,Tonight,Tonight (single version) and &quot;Jesus He Knows  Me&quot; which did not appear on &quot;The Greatest&quot;. This package  goes from &quot;I Know What I Like&quot; to &quot;Congo&quot; with the Phil  Collins lead vocal years in between. Singles like &quot;Your Own Special  Way&quot;, &quot;No Reply At All&quot;, &quot;Never A Time&quot;, and  &quot;Shipwrecked&quot; would have fit in nicely if this was extended to a  double CD (like it should have!). The real treat is the new single which is  a brand new version of &quot;The Carpet Crawlers&quot; featuring the most  famous Genesis lineup of Banks,Rutherford,Collins,Gabriel, and Hackett not  sounding like it has been nearly 25 (wow) years since they were on the same  track. This new version will give chills to any Genesis fan, and one can  only hope that the &quot;5&quot; will one day do more together. All in all,  a nice package for one of the biggest selling rock bands ever!
0767836286|5.0|This movie was an incredible expirience. I hope the message this film translates is heard because people need to start thinking about things like  this! It was very very intense and thoughtful. Not to mention superb  performances by Bridges and Robbins. Only an idiot would think this to long  and unrealistic. Stop watching the way people like the government want you  to and start watching where they don't want you to.
6305513406|5.0|I was blown away by the quality of the discs, adn would recommend them to anyone. Obviously I plan to buy all the episodes, I only hope they speed up  the release schedule.  Paramount should offer many more titles for  Christmas. Yes the inside is only a two page foldout, but it is well done  with a checklist, a good trivia question, and full credits and cast.
B00001QEE9|1.0|It looks more like a VHS transfer than an actual serious release. Where's widescreen? If you want to collect it since it will disappear, then go for  it. Some day in the future Disney will re-release it again with all the  goodies. Until then, this is Disney's chance to make back the money lost  with Divx.
0446525537|5.0|This book is a must read for all.  It is a very touching love story that you can't put down.  I will never forget this book and the message it  portrays.  It is a very uplifting story that will touch everyone's lives.   This is the BEST Nicholas Sparks book by far.  All I can say is once you  read it, you will understand.
B00000K19E|4.0|I am not a Reeves fan but this is by far his best work. SciFi has been lacking somewhat here lately but the concept and originality of this movie  make it a welcome addition. Fishburn is outstanding, the rest of the cast  are good but the special affects make the difference. If your a SciFi fan  but are tired of the same old stories (time travel, alien invasions, Star  Trek or any other concept that has been thouroghly run into the ground)  then this is a must see movie.
0679437223|5.0|this book was given to me by a lover. the catch 22 is a household phrase. its deep on every level and the world would be a better place if everyone  took time out to read and think about mr heller's work of art.
6300184269|5.0|This little John Hughes movie is got to the be the best movie of the 80s.Just the whole movie is incredible to watch.Anthony Micheal Hall is  perfect has one of the teenage nerds that create a woman useing  science-Weird science.Nerds Gary and Wyatt are social outcasts-that is  untill they create Lisa,a computer-genarated woman.That one weekend turns  into one of the funniest 1 hour and 40 minutes ever filmed in motion picure  history.So,if you want to see a movie with HUMOR rent or buy weird science.
6305657947|4.0|I saw this at the cinema and went back for a second look.   This was one of the coolest films of the late summer (in the UK):  Brosnan is in 007  mode as the eponymous hero, a likeable art-thief/international businessman.   Russo is Hot with a capital H and takes her clothes off to boot.  Some  great set pieces make this a fun movie and a must-have DVD
0787115045|5.0|Ron Silver's narration of the audio version is among the best readings I've ever heard.  Astounding.  A fine way to enjoy this Roth masterpiece.
B000001DTM|5.0|Simply put, if I were stranded on a desert island for the rest of my life and could only take one album with me... this is it. That's how good this  album is.
0684874350|1.0|Sorry Mr. McCourt but I found your book unbearable.  After 120 pages of Irish misery, (and those were a struggle) I finally admitted defeat.  I  understood about 10 pages in that McCourt Sr. was a chronically unemployed  drunk who sired more children than he should have.  Mrs. McCourt and  children were left begging and searching for survival. But an interesting  tale it did not make.  Being of Irish anscestry, I tried very hard to like  this book, but the endless repitition of stuggles against poverty proved  too boring, despite my admiration that the author overcame his background  to find success.
B000001E18|5.0|This album depicts U2 at their technological high-point. It never got much press, however, the songs are all worthy of praise. Interestingly enough,  it is (in my opinion) much better than &quot;Pop&quot;.
0784011176|1.0|Could easily be the most overrated video of all time.  A hateful, cynical mess.  The only redeeming quality was the outstanding cinematography.
B00000J7J4|5.0|If you would like to experience the fire that drives Carlos Santana, then buy this album.  Although I too was skeptical of all the pop artists on  this album, Santana draws each to perform at their pinacle, making for a  great musical experience.  Who would of thought Dave Matthews and Santana,  Dave singing with a controlling voice, with Santana excentuating the high  points and finally bringing the song in drawing everyone around it.  It was  basically Supernatual.<br />For those who are true believers and fans, this is  just another step in the evolution of santana.  He's come a long way from  Black Magic Woman, but at the same time his classical style makes him the  ever more modern.<br />His triumph in this album is proving that true art  knows no boundaries or categorizations.  The variety in this album is not  dizzying, it synthesizes into an image of how the world should be, together  and different.<br />Enjoy!
B000021XS0|5.0|Theatrical.  Soft at times.  Heavy at times.  Amazing intricate compositions.  If there is one band who could pull off an album like this,  it is definitely Dream Theater.
0800187873|5.0|This movie is such that it may be watched over and over and over again. This is one of the main reasons for buying instead of renting and this one  is a gem!
B000021XS0|3.0|This is a worthy sequel to Images_And_Words, but marred by less clear production than that landmark release. Yes, it's a 78min progressive rock  opera, but this is not ground-breaking stuff. Too many boring bits. Also I  keep hearing Rush's &quot;Hemispheres&quot; and Marillion's  &quot;Brave&quot; and I wonder how unconciously the guys wanted to  duplicate them. I'm a DT fan, and I'll be listening to this CD a lot in the  future, but it doesn't rate an automatical across-the-board 5-stars just  because the long-awaited &quot;Metropolis Pt II&quot; finally arrived. It  has a great lyrical story though. 3.5 stars.
0792151712|1.0|Titanic was probably the worst movie I have ever seen.  The acting was pitiful and so was the plot. The only relationship between this movie and  what really happened is that the ship's name was Titanic and it sunk. If  you want to watch somthing historically accurate than watch one of the  documentaries. If your out to see a poor movie and a little bit of pitiful  romance than go watch Titanic.
6300214826|5.0|As my one-line summary said , I don't think you guys get it (or girls for the matter).  This movie IS a war movie. This movie IS a moralistic movie.  This movie IS a religious movie.  This movie IS a surrealistic movie.  This  is a period of time in which artist moved from drawing pictures which are  truths - to pictures which they believe to be true.  Had Cappola truly  desired each and everyone one of you to interpret his movie and have each  and everyone of you force their ideas on eachother , he would not have made  it.<br />Cappola has created such a movie that you, the reviewers can each  relate to it in your own fashion.  From the war and anti-war view. Clearly  Cappola describes the intense battles with his depiction of helicopters  dropping napalm on villages, North vietnamese, viet-congs, and cambodians.   From the music , &quot;Flight (ride) of the valkaryies ( sorry i suck at  spelling) &quot; to the hacking of inoculated arms, it is all true.  The  Vietnamese war was Cruel, Harsh, and Evil.<br />A second tier of thought and  intellect brings the reviewers to examine the movie at the moralistic point  of view.  Cappola brings Martin Sheen back to the jungle- the heart of  darkness - the primortal man.  With each scene, Captain Willard reverts.   Each scene, he becomes more savage: He is even rolled in the mud before he  can see Kurtz- stripped of his &quot;civilization&quot;. Moralistically, is  he right to kill Kurtz ? Is the war right ? How about the heroic enemy at  the time ? Clearly distorted - Cappola sends Lt. Colonel Kilgore to  altruistically &quot;give&quot; water from his own canteen to the dying  viet- ironically - the media is right there to film it.<br />A third their is  the religious aspect.  From good to evil. From God to Satan.  Watch the  movie- see how the the light fades to black as they get further and  further.  Watch as they go through the river - catch the crucifixes that  pass by quickly on the right and then watch the pagan symbols on the left.   It seems as thought there is a fight between &quot;good&quot; and  &quot;evil&quot;.  The tailfin of the bomber though seemingly unimportant -  is filmed like an idol-  the ox represents the &quot;golden&quot; ox in the  Bible. Kurtz seems to be Satanic. His tribe (family) are pagan.  You cannot  watch this film once and immediately form your own opinion on  others!<br />Finally, the surrealistic view - from the erie alien (another  viewer's word) music to the unusual use of multicolored flares and fog -  the movie becomes fantasy.  Cappola has used the camera to depict what HE  thinks is reality. Surrealism : distored reality.  He brings out from the  white eyes compared to the black camo faces to the man with the gun as Cpt.  Willard answers Kurtz questions what he believed was the war.<br />This movie  was not made for everyone to trash in their own fashion.  This movie was  made to evoke the imagination of the mind - to have people come up with  their own insights - pertaining to themselves (by the way i KNOW this is a  contradiction but shaddup :).  But anyways ... this movie is what you make  it to be, not what someone wants it to be. I'm just lucky to have a great  english teacher to help me figure that out.
B000000OSE|2.0|Never have two albums (illusion 1 and 2) ever had this much filler.  You could combine these two disks into 12 songs and have a pretty decent follow  up to Appetite albeit half the songs would be remakes.  The rest of the  songs some of which they had the gall to release and make videos for  (remember when MTV showed videos) should have been eliminated.  Didn't they  ever hear of editing?  Of course it's been 8 years and they haven't done  anything since, so I suppose they had to go for quantity when they could.   Coma, Nov. Rain, Dont Cry, You could be mine, and Pretty Tied up are great  songs - too bad there is so much filler surrounding them.
6304119046|5.0|Some people can't appreciate subtlety, complexity, emotional ambiguity:  they prefer Gallo Hearty Burgundy to Chateau Latour. In fact, they can't  tell the difference. Some of the reviews here are no different, translated  into cinematic, or artistic, terms.  The nanosecond attention spans and  need for constant sensory overload which is the result of too much MTV is  explanation enough why this film did not please such people:  the film is  deliberately paced and densely complex in visual, verbal, and situational dimensions.  It is almost certainly the greatest film ever made, at least, if one had to pick ONE, this would, on reflection, be it. And for a  myriad of reasons. Some have overemphasized the technical advances of  the film, forgetting its narrative richness and stylistic wealth.  The  range of styles Welles displays is awesome.  The opening is like a Universal Pictures horror movie-- eerie, brooding, doom-laden, and Bernard Herrman's score wonderfully underlies this.  We approach  Kane from the outside-in: at the very outset we are given fair warning that the journey won't be easy (we first see a barbed wire fence with a \\"No Traspassing\\" sign)and as a series of dissolves moves us through the decaying grounds, to the castle at Xanadu, we get the feeling that we're peeling an onion,  peeling away layers of disguise.  When Kane's lips whisper  \\"Rosebud\\" and the glass snow-globe  suddenly falls and breaks, the style is as expressionistic as Murnau.  (This opening is a metaphor for the broader structure of the film as a whole:  peeling away the layers of a man's life itself.) The film now is a sequence of approaches to Kane the man:  each one a little closer, a  little more intimate, often describing the same occurrence through the eyes  of different witnesses. And each has a different style.  The \\"News On the March!\\" is the most exterior and superficial, and its style is the  same: bright, over-exposed, bombastic, and empty. Then, through the words  of Kane'snow-deceased guardian and banker, his business manager, estranged erstwhile best friend, second wife, and butler, we see deeper and deeper and yet-- in the end-- just like peeling an onion, we find at the center:  nothing.     I don't see why some have said  there is no emotional connection.  I find the story immensely sad.  The glass snow-globe, with the little snow-covered house, is a sentimental reminder of Kane's childhood in Colorado.  That he keeps this worthless geegaw while surfeited with priceless statues and treasures, says something  poignant.  Later we hear his second wife, in a cutting whiny voice,  complaining, \\"You never gave me anything that MEANT anything to you --  it's just money or jewels, it doesn't MEAN anything! You never GAVE me  anything in your whole life...\\" And then, after she leaves him, and he  begins tearing up her room, we see, on her bedside table-- the  snowglobe, in front of which he stops, hands trembling, lifts it, and  murmurs-- \\"Rosebud\\". Yes, he really DID give her something, not  intrinsically worth much, but precious to HIM.  As he walks away, stunned,  through the Baroque loneliness of his empty castle, his tragedy is  complete. And coming full circle, the tone returns to the dark brooding horror of the beginning, as the camera pans over the unopened crates of treasures, past the flotsam and jetsam of a man's life-- the trophy he received after his marriage, his mother's cast iron stove, the brass bed that he slept on in the Inquirer office -- and then we see a sled --with \\"Rosebud\\" written on it -- thrown in the incinerator: black smoke belches forth into the air as we retreat almost guiltily the way we came, back through the grounds, and past the fence with the \\"No Trespassing\\" notice. Chilling!   How anyone can accuse the film of  being emotionless I can't understand. It is an amazing work, a film that continues to reward the serious, careful viewer with new  insights at each repeated viewing... and it is no wonder thattrue cineasts, at least, have no hesitation in declaring it the best.  They'll be watching  Citizen Kane in the year 3000, if we don't blow ourselves up first.  It  won't appeal to the jejune, for obvious reasons.  But it wasn't meant for  them anyway.
6305538018|4.0|eXistenz is a uniquely architected thriller. It will keep you guessing at what you can't imagine  will happen next. Keeping you, as well as some of  the characters in the dark as to what is real and what is unreal. You are  forced to follow the plot as it develops as you are being plunged into  scenarios in which nothing makes immediate sense and always takes another  scene to figure out. The acting is excellent . Jennifer Jason Leigh is a  perfect personality for her character at once innocent and covertely  knowing much more.Sara Polley is also perfect as an innocent who in time  accepts his role in eXistenz. All very good with the proverbial twist at  the end.Also there are some really yukky scenes that test your tolerance  for Yuk.
B0000026J1|4.0|This is one of the more maligned and most often overlooked rock albums of the late eighties,however it delivers(big time!)a very impressive  combination of Euro(Scandinavian)-metal and majestic melodies with just  enough guitar crunch to keep things hot.Great vocal harmonies make for a  very interesting atmosphere.I consider this as the best Europe album  ever,far surpassing'The Final Countdown'.
B000002VMH|5.0|An apt title, &quot;Diva&quot; truly illustrates Lennox's pure and raw sound. Her ability to make listener's feel - as much as hear - the emotion  in her music, is unrivaled by many of today's artists, and makes her a true  Diva!<br />Each track is fantastic, and although &quot;Walking on Broken  Glass&quot; suffered from radio overplay, it remains a favorite. This is  one of those rare &quot;must have&quot; discs.
0780624890|3.0|I like vampires, I like action movies.  But I found Blade to be a dissapointment because of the somewhat weak and unbelievable (not in the  suspension of disbelief category, but in the &quot;Give me a break, any  vampire with half a clue wouldn't do that...&quot; category) character  actions and plot contrivances pretty much kept this film from getting off  the ground for me.  I did like the techo-vampire rave.
B000002I25|5.0|I have been a huge Doors fan for years. As I myself have grown older (or as I prefer, matured) my attitude toward the group has changed but my  appreciation of their music remains high. As a teenager, I found Morrison's  preoccupation with death and his abuse of alcohol and drugs part of his  mystique. His &quot;live hard, die young&quot; lifestyle fascinated me. Now  that I've surpassed Morrison's final age (by a fairly wide margin), I can't  help but feel it was a terrible waste and certainly not a lifestyle to be  lauded or, God forbid, duplicated by other young people.<br />Anyway, as for  the music, my opinion is that The Doors and Strange Days are absolutely  essential Doors albums. Absolutely Live is a fantastic live album if you  like live albums. I still love Jim Morrison yelling at the crowd to  &quot;shut up&quot; during When the Music's Over (maturity has not wiped  out loving that part!). LA Woman has some of the Doors best music on it  but, in my opinion, has some terrible songs on it too. Anyone who has  listened to the CD, within reach of the CD Player or a remote control,  surely skipped tracks 3 and 4 to get to LA Woman. You can pick up most of  the good stuff on LA Woman on a Greatest Hits album, though I'm not a big  fan of greatest hits albums in general. I know the Doors have one  available. If you try these three albums and find you love the Doors and  have to have more, then move on to Waiting For the Sun, Morrison Hotel and  Soft Parade (in that order).<br />In short, I think the Doors were a talented  band, blessed by the creativity and energy of youth, who had the good  fortune of making a number of good albums before Morrison decided to say  adios. Morrison was an outstanding songwriter and performer at times but,  young fans take note, his life, ultimately, was wasted. He does not deserve  to be revered, worshipped or uplifted in any way for his lifestyle choice.
B00000ILDE|5.0|This movie takes me back to my early teenage years... just when we started sneaking into R-rated movies.  This movie is just as good now as it was  then.  Great suspense AND action.  Viewing it again (I don't think I've  seen it in almost 10 years) gives new appreciation.  One thing I noticed is  that the aliens don't nearly get as much screen time in this movie as they  get in current flicks (Men In Black, Starship Troopers).  I'm not sure if  this was due primarily to technical issues or Cameron's direction, but I  think the movie is much more powerful this way.  The aliens are sinister  and organic, always scurrying in the periphery just before their attack.   Much more convincing than the artificial looking CG we get these days.
B00000DCHI|5.0|There's nothing bad to say about this anthology of Billy Joel's best work.  If he's not there already, he should be considered for a place among the  greatest musical artists of all time.
B00000K19E|4.0|The mixture of a cyberpunk story with Hong Kong style action makes for a fun movie.  I think Laurence Fishburne and Carrie-Anne Moss are great (and  Keanu isn't too shabby either).  Only drawback is that the DVD commentary  is a bit on the weak side...
0792153189|3.0|This film seems like an updated version of George Pal's &quot;When Worlds Collide&quot;; only this time, mankind has sufficient technology to at  least avoid the destruction of the earth.  The earth inhabitants depicted  in this film knew there was a good chance for the ending of mankind; but it  didn't give them an excuse for letting the kids stay home from school or  let them marry when they weren't old enough to drive or vote.  Because of  this, it could send the wrong message to minors.  Good special effects were  wasted in this movie with a mediocre screenplay and acting that really  isn't the best.
B00000I924|1.0|How can I justify paying for such a poor aimless album Ii just dont know...What a dissapointment. Pureist Guitar torture..Bad buy..! steer well  clear of this one.
6300213668|3.0|The producers of the film made too many changes like adding new numbers that weren't in the broadway version; this really distorted the quality of  this musical.  Also several of the numbers were relegated to being  background jukebox music; this I felt was totally unfair to the music  writers.  Anyway, the film still manages to entertain even though it could  have been much better.
0790733897|4.0|Few people who see this movie for the first time understand the profound impact it had when it came out.  While modern day crime dramas are filled  with gratuitous, numbing violence, the reality of this movie was a real  breakthrough.  The famous car chase may be the thiing that brings people  back to &quot;Bullitt&quot; but the gritty realism is what makes this a  classic.  The only movie of that time which matched it for realism may have  been &quot;The Detectives&quot;. This movie really changed filmmaking.   When I saw this movie in 1968, five people fainted in the theatre during  the scene where the killers broke into the hotel room to murder the  potential witness.  There is also the fine performance of Robert Vaughn as  a politician whose murdered star witness was his mealticket.  Vaughn is  noted as the consummate Hollywood liberal, and his portrayal of this  self-serving scumbag is perfect.
B000003KMM|5.0|A very funny and widely-encompassing look at the world of professional baseball.  Although the charaters in the film are all fictitious, they do  render a bonafide representation of the types of real-life personalities  that are involved with the daily operations of a team.  This film should  prove to be very entertaining; even to fans from the Cleveland area.
B000002KH3|5.0|This is the one album that, if a die-hard VH fan could only take ONE of any of the VH albums to an abandoned island or refer to someone who has  never heard VH before, this would be the one. This is VH's tour-de-force,  and they are seemingly uncaring if the listener likes it or not - this is  VH and here we are, ready or not. The shining point of the entire album is  Eddie's manic and death-defying stunt pyro-technic guitar throttling.  Nothing in my mind can come close to this album in 1978 as far as the  guitar work and screw-you-if-you-don't-like-it song mentality. Nobody in  the late 70's was even THINKING of guitar in the manner that Eddie displays  it here. This one really stood the guitar-playing community on its head and  shook the fillings out. It is highly unlikely that Eddie (or the band VH)  will ever return to this level of fire and aggression. Some folks say the  early VH offerings were sloppy in musicianship and immature in song topic,  but this is VH at their prime, and unfortunately, they have since  &quot;left the building&quot;. Carry on, guitar demons.
B00000JGOH|4.0|It's a better than average flick.  It does quite a good job at its general depiction of life in Elizabethan England, but I doubt whether or not it's  historically accurate about William Shakespeare's life.  I really think  this was a poor choice by the Academy for best picture; there were other  nominees more deserving than this one.
B00000JMQE|5.0|I really enjoyed the movie, and just purchased it on dvd. The return to OZ is not a remake of the original OZ, and shoudn't be compared as a remake,  but as a very good sequel. I think they did a good job at bringing you back  to OZ with less singing and more real action. If you want a musical like  the original wizard of OZ buy the original. But if you want to be brought  back to OZ with action, adventure and a touch of horror buy the return to  OZ.<br />Highly recommended
B000002O4X|5.0|John Barry has remarkable talent, and he is at his best on this soundtrack.  The beauty of the music, the appropriateness of the match to  the film, is remarkable.  This is, however, an abbreviated version of the  soundtrack.  It's now available in a new recording (20-bit digital) on  Amazon, with much more of the film's music added.  You may want to look  into that version as well, by the Royal Scottish N.O. The music itself is a  wonderful way to recall the film, but it stands alone too as a beautiful  orchestral composition.
B0000203YT|5.0|Stoppard has once again outdone himself! This movie was perhaps the best I have ever seen! I know many reviewers here have said it was too wordy, and  not funny, but perhaps the humor was too high for them.<br />The humor in this  movie is very intellectual. You have to think to get some of the jokes.  That witty humor is the type of humor the Elizabethans, and Shakespeare  himself, relied on. There were no TVs or radios - wit was the best  entertainment.<br />This movie immerses the viewer completely in the movie's  world. Although the basic plot is fiction, the world the plot is set in is  very historically accurate. The costumes are excellent, even down to the  nameless people walking on the street in the background. Even the  hairstyles are mostly accuarate. The sets are beautiful, and very period.  The portrayal of Queen Elizabeth by Judi Dench was outstanding - the  personality of Elizabeth was perfectly captured and her performance was  rivaled only by Glenda Jackson's portrayal of Elizabeth in the video series  Elizabeth R. <br />Finally, the weaving of Shakespeare's works into the plot  was beautifully done. This is a great movie to watch over and over, for you  will always pick up a new reference or side joke that you missed before  each time.
B000021XR5|2.0|STPs newest offering lacks in the power and poise of the first two albums.  This album is similar to &quot;Tiny Music...&quot; in its variety and  flavor.  However, considering all the hype I heard about the myriad songs  Scott and Co. had lined up ready to record, it's very disappointing  listening to the finished project.  42 minutes?  If the songs aren't all  that inspiring at least give us a little more to scrutinize.  I don't think  all hope is lost with No. 4.  It's an album that will rely greatly on heavy  listening to make its impact.  This is a sharp change from previous albums  which grabbed you from the first cords.  I can only speculate why this  album is so deficient.  Perhaps the label was pressuring STP for new  material, or it's possible the band's cohesiveness has not yet fully  returned to the pre-prison days.  I'm a big fan of STP.  I love  &quot;Core&quot; and &quot;Purple&quot; and very much enjoy &quot;Tiny  Music&quot;, but No. 4 is not vintage STP.  I just hope that in time I will  grow to like this album as I like the others.  Overall, however, a  lackluster effort.
6305358613|2.0|If you want a good entertaining period drama, this is a good film, but if you want to know anything at all about the real Elizabeth Tudor, try the  Elizabeth R video series with Glenda Jackson. <br />The costumes were drab -  compare them to Shakespeare in Love's costumes, or even to any period  paintings of the people featured in the movie. Their costumes were highly  decorated, more than this movie portrays. The cut of the costumes was very  wrong at times also - some of Elizabeth's dresses looked Victorian!<br />As  for the history, well: Elizabeth was not the crying, scared, dependent  young girl that she is portrayed in at the beginning. She never would have  survived that long if she was. Cate Blanchett's portrayal of her at the end  is much more what Elizabeth was like at the *beginning* of her reign.  Walsingham was not running the country behind the dress of Elizabeth - he  didn't have nearly the control the movie shows. Elizabeth most likely never  slept with Dudley - I'm sure they fooled around, but pregnancy was too  great a threat for anything else. Norfolk was not plotting to kill the  queen from the very beginning - he wasn't executed until 1572 - 14 years  after she took the throne (and he was only rebelling because he could not  practice his religion)!! And Kat Ashley was not a nubile young  lady-in-waiting blushing hotly at the sight of Dudley - she was the 60 year  old governess that raised Elizabeth!<br />The acting is good, for what they  had to work with. I thought Cate Blanchett could have made a wonderful  Queen Elizabeth if she would have had a better script to work with.
B0000025SB|2.0|&quot;The Final Cut&quot; is probably the only Pink Floyd record that I could call bland. This record has no color, no imagination or essence like  their other work. This just shows that when left alone to vent his spleen,  Roger Waters can let his stories and concepts surge WAY ahead of the music.  Theres nothing here from Gilmour except his fine (as always) playing,  Wrights gone, and Mason, well, he pounds the skins very well.  While other  Floyd works like &quot;The Wall&quot;, &quot;A Momentary Lapse of  Reason&quot;, &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;, &quot;Animals&quot;,  &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot;, &quot;The Division Bell&quot;, and even  early so-so experiments like &quot;Meddle&quot; and &quot;Atom Heart  Mother&quot; have certain colorfull, if at times not all conceptual  messages and themes. Now I love Roger Waters, I've seen him in concert, and  I have his solo records, but he does have a bit of an ego problem, and the  fact that he constantly slogs his former mates for carrying on as Floyd  kind of depresses me. &quot;The Final Cut&quot; is a good example of what I  mean. Take the concept, from Waters one would expect the same brilliance he  displayed in &quot;The Wall&quot; and &quot;Animals&quot;, but instead he  wastes the whole album on what is basically a political rant. That would  seem to be ok, but coming from him, this album just tends to drag on (one  of &quot;The Wall&quot;s&quot; few flaws as well).  Mr. Gilmour is  essentially a session player here, which is one of the reasons the album  suffers. Gilmour does not get the respect he deserves, instead of  compliments on his fine musical achievements with post Waters Floyd, he  gets attacked for not being an &quot;addept&quot; lyrisist. On this album  Gilmour contributes no music, he did'nt even want to, and its plain to see  why. When Waters gets an idea in his head, being not as musically inclined  as Gilmour, he lets the idea take over the record. Which finally brings me  to the songs.There are some great tunes here, like &quot;Not Now  John&quot;, &quot;The Gunner's Dream&quot; and the title song. They are all  in the same vain as the pieces on &quot;The Wall&quot;, both in rhythm and  texture with slow beats and excellent leads. But they just are not  memorable, and don't stand out well in Floyd's vast catalog. As a Floyd  completeist, I do own &quot;The Final Cut&quot;, and it's not a total loss,  but  definately one of Waters' lower points, apparently even the best of  them stumble once in a while.
6303340830|4.0|This was just too funny: the lines, the drunken singing, and the random bushman.  Must see to believe.  Worth your while if you love Mr. Dolph and  his previous or recent work.  Great for the whole family!
0964385619|5.0|This is a great book that looks at how to really make money, the financial pitfalls of working on a job your whole life (for what--a gold watch and  enough to buy a loaf of bread once a month?).  This book is a must read for  all those searching for knowledge about how the world of making money  really works!
B000001FDI|5.0|I bought this record while in Germany when it first came out. It is not supposed to be CREAM..the maturity of the music shows that.  There is a  depth to this C D that can only be appreciated by somone that does more  than just listen to the music..but gets involved in it.  This is a must for  those of us that live the music.If you don't know what that means..forget  it..you wouldn't like this anyway..
0671015206|5.0|This is an outstanding book that we can all relate to, and really gets to the point about how consumerism in the mentality of the average American  keeps us all slaves to paying bills!  A definite must read if you are  searching for knowledge about money and how it works (and how it doesn't  work, too!)
0767824571|5.0|I believe this is probably the best comedy to come out of England. You have to get over the slap-stick mentality and get to the real issue of the  movie: PURE FUN! Anyone who has not seen this movie(I find this hard to  believe), needs to see this ASAP.
0312853238|5.0|I am 12 years old and when my mother told me I was going to read an adults book but I thought it would be too hard. So I started reading it and I  loved it after the first 2 pages. And now it is my favourite book that I  ever read, because it was about someone my age saving the world. It was  humourous, exciting and sad. I am now reading Enders Shadow and enjoying  it.
0805062971|5.0|I've seen Fight Club-the movie and immediately got hold of the book. I have to say, good as the book is, Fincher does more than an adequate job of  capturing the spirit, the madness, the humor and has even added a kinetic  energy that compliments the book in every way. It's one of the best  realizations of a book's theme I've ever encountered. Then there's the  ending... I loved how Mr Palahniuk left that dark and open-ended in the  book, and that's why his novel will serve as the ultimate nihilistic  statement. Chilling.
B00001OH7X|4.0|this is one of bowie's truly forgotten records.  and that's a shame because it includes &quot;move on&quot;, a song that makes me go  &quot;WOW&quot;.  it also includes insane stuff like &quot;african night  flight&quot; which makes me get all itchy. in a good way.
B000001FA4|5.0|If you are a U2 fan and don't have this album, I feel very sorry for you.  If you're not a U2 fan then you are lost in the world.  So I recommend that  EVERYONE go out and buy this album along with achtung baby.<br />Listen to  &quot;a sort of homecoming&quot; and &quot;bad.&quot;  They are amazing  songs..
B000002ACR|5.0|Everyone knows the Byrds made great singles -- too many to list here -- but their early albums could be rushed and spotty.  That's not the case  with &quot;Younger Than Yesterday&quot;: it's simply stunning.  Working on  the fertile ground freshly-broken by &quot;Revolver&quot;, the Byrds  concocted this simmering, beautifully unstable soup with ingredients  gathered from wild, uncharted ports of the imagination or smuggled in  through secret underground pipelines directly from dreams.  &quot;Time  Between&quot; and &quot;The Girl with No Name&quot; broke ground of their  own -- early, brave examples of the country-rock sound that would dominate  the early part of the next decade.  Time has shown this remarkable,  slightly unsteady album to be a true classic and the high point of the  Byrds' considerable body of work.
0790736314|5.0|What a movie!!! Imagine that you leave in this house, in this room, with this possesed girl. The suspense is truly realist. I have seen the  documentary of The Possesed Boy of the 1949 case, and them, the film is  better then the related case. This Special Edition is fantastic, espacially  for the items like the Making-Of book, the soundtrack and original cards.  The only worst thing in this Special Edition, why they did'nt put the  complete version, in integrale... The Prequel (Exorcist 4) will be  welcome...
B00001OH7N|3.0|it's funny: this music is loud and tough, but the guy who made it is wearing a dress.  i'm glad that by his next release (hunky dory) he managed  to make his look and sound correspond.  this rockish stuff (pre-glam, mind  you) just goes nowhere -- that doesn't mean it's particularly bad, just  kinda dumb....
6303617719|5.0|A gorgeous Meg Ryan, A broody but handsome French speaking(fluently at that!) rougish Kevin Kline, beautiful scenery set in the French  countryside, and some lively comedy, what more could anyone ask for!!??  It's a must see, must own movie. Too bad it's not on DVD!
B000001IPL|1.0|Uninspiring with little energy.... things punk rock are supposed to have.  Mr. T Experience, Bad Brains, Queers, Quicksand are all so much better...  do not waste your money on Offspring.
B000000IUK|5.0|It is a crime to compare any of U2's recordings to The Joshua Tree.  I own all of them, and this is quite simply the light on the hill.  As far as  U2's recordings go, it is an acheivement unapproachable in its carry of  texture and mood. From the opening track to the final note on the last, one  feels invited to listen.  It is a complete work in the truest sense.  In  short, enough simply cannot be said.  5 stars? There are not enough stars  in the sky.  A classic.
B00000I9MK|5.0|One of the best albums to chill out to ever created. Buy this album and be amazed.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is in a class of it's own with sound and visual technology that is on the cutting edge.
B000021Y7X|5.0|Talking Heads is one of those bands that seemed to slip from my grasp in the 80's. I bought the DVD on the strength of the reviews which said it is  the best concert film ever made.<br />Everything you've heard is TRUE! I've  never seen so much creativity and energy in a concert. The staging, the  orchestration, the direction, and most of all the amazing creative energy  and drive of David Byrne make this the most infectious live concert  experience I've ever had. <br />I defy anyone to sit still during  &quot;Burning Down The House&quot;. <br />The DVD video transfer and audio  quality are excellent. This one is a keeper.
B000002OMN|5.0|This CD has everything! Before it, I wasn't really into the hard stuff, but the instrumentation and melodies on this CD will turn anyone to the  other side. Great Job, Meat Loaf!!!
0393317552|3.0|To the historian from Wausau, WI.  What is a good &quot;Great Men&quot; book(s) to read on this subject?  There seem to be too many biographies out  there, and so many 'Good' men.
B00000K31V|3.0|I thought this film was ok.  Not great, not bad, just ok.  It was just a little slow in parts.  The overall concept was great, however.  I could  have done without the back installation imagery.  Worth renting, sure.   Buying?  Maybe if you are a huge Chronenberg fan or if you have money to  burn.  I just don't think it will hold up to repeated viewings.
0446525537|5.0|I happened upon Nicholas Sparks by reading the Notebook and fell completely in love with his writing.  He's warm and funny and makes you  dive right in from page 1.  After finishing the Notebook, I immediatly  looked for other books of his and found Message in a Bottle which was also  great (movie was no where near as good).  So, I now put myself on waiting  lists for his books because I will never miss a Nicholas Sparks book as  long as I am able to read.  A Walk to Remember is as outstanding as his  other writings.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Krall's sensual interpretation of &quot;Let's Face the Music and Dance&quot; is the very best rendition of this  song I have ever heard. The  recording quality of the entire cd is something any audiophile will  appreciate. A great selection for anyone who appreciates good music.
B000002I97|5.0|Not reasonable to compare Prine to Dylan. My son is named after Bob Dylan. John Prine is fine with the audience he has-  no need to be Mick Jagger.
0140177396|3.0|I think the story is action packed. Where Lennie killed his puppy and Curley's wife, George killed Lennie, and Carlson killed Candy's dog. All  that made me excited. I didn't really like the part where George killed  Lennie. They could have run off to a different state or something. Above  all I think the story was great.
0790738139|4.0|Without suggesting that Elroy's novel isn't itself very good, I believe that in LA Confidential we have the rather rare instance of a movie not  only doing justice to the source material but even exceeding it in  excelence of its type.  <br />If reading this to evaluate whether to rent the  film, the answer is &quot;yes.&quot;  Unless, of course, you are looking  for a &quot;family&quot; film or are made uncomforatble by depictions of  violence or profane language (appropriate to profane characters), in which  case you probably have heard enough to know this isn't your cup of tea  already. Otherwise, even if you aren't one of those who is blown away by  it, you will find it to be a well made, engaging piece of moviemaking and a  heck of a fun ride while it lasts.<br />To return to the relation of the film  to the book, the novel less well focused than the film.  It is far longer,  of course and rightfully includes a wealth of detail and depth that no film  could encompass in a reasonable running time, but more than that, the sweep  of the novel is much broader and while the elements are indeed brought into  conjunction with almost ruthless efficiency, the connections sometimes seem  forced.  What the screenwriters have done is extract a coherent, dynamic,  engaging, and essentially complete story from a sprawling, misanthropic,  and often abstruse novel.  To be sure the surgery was effected at some cost  to the Vincennes character generally and the depth of Exley (sp?) who  survive in the movie, but on the whole the decision to focus on one melody  in the swirling symphony that is the book was a sound one.  <br />I should  note that in so commenting I am not suggesting the book is bad, for a novel  can handle more diverse themes, subplots and detail than a movie, but I  must say that while the film instantly engaged me and merited multiple  viewings, reading the novel was, while enjoyable, not an experience of  comparable joy.  In part this may be because, even setting aside the  oft-criticized &quot;happy&quot; ride off into the sunset for a few  characters, the film, while sufficiently dark in its outlook on human  nature to well warrant the lable noir, is more or less within the normal  bounds in its take on human nature, the will to power, and venality.  The  world of the book, by contrast is one that seems as if it would self  destruct in an orgy of revenge and ever-spreading destruction.  In both  book and film there is serious question as to whether anyone is innocent,  but in the book one begins to believe that everyone is guility not just of  something, but of something capital.<br />A prior reviewer has noted that s/he  regards the high body count of the film as disqualifying it as an heir to  the noir classics.  I happen to disagree, but I suppose that my own  tolerance for mayhem is reached not by the specific acts of violence, but  in the entire universe of the novel. The filmmakers have left the  corruption of the featured players and events intact, but leave room for a  &quot;Mr. and Mrs. Middle America,&quot; the DeVito character's readers,  who can live their lives titilated, but otherwise generally untouched, by  the events of the plotline.<br />See the film, read the book.
B000002UCE|2.0|A truly over-rated album, compiled by one of the greatest hypocrites of the 1960s. Try as I might, I cannot imagine John Lennon without  possessions.His estate was estimated at $500 million when he died...Why  didn't you show us the way, John, by divesting yourself and giving away  your vast fortune?     The rest of the songs are forgettable, and mediocre.   Take a pass on this album and buy a Beatles' CD.
6302914191|5.0|I was a little kid when I became obsessed with Twin Peaks...the first time.  Then I forgot about it for a few years.  Now that I've been watching  it again I found a whole new side of it--I never got the twisted elements  of it when I was little.  But now that I watched it again I got it all, and  the obsession came back.  I LOVE THIS SHOW!!  I'm going to be watching it  until the day I die.  Of course, that may be a problem considering the  picture quality on this particular box set....
0140177396|4.0|i liked the book of mice and men.It is a great novel about two men sticking together. I liked how the two men took care of each other. I think  everyone should read this book.
B000002IZM|3.0|The soundtrack itself is fantastic but there's a lot more to be desired about this CD. Too many tracks are missing and a lot of what isn't is  somewhat spoiled. What do I need Harisson Ford's lines for, I wonder...  Anyway. Vangelis is Vangelis so this album is worth owning. Nothing he's  composed should be missed. God bless the old man... Long life to him.
B00001OH7U|5.0|It sure is irritating to have to consider re-purchasing the entire Bowie catalog as reissued by Virigin, after  already  aquiring the much  ballyhooed Ryko/Sound &amp; Vision releases. No extra tracks either, but  the 24 bit mastering makes it must have for Bowie audiophiles.  Just put on  the headphones and you'll agree, when your brain gets run over by the train  on the opening cut. You already know the content of &quot;Station to  Station&quot; is superb, but now , so is the sound. At last, somebody got  it right. The only downer is the shameless bowienet ads as part of the  &quot;enhanced&quot; package.
0140177396|3.0|Of Mice And Men is a very good book. It has so many different characters and a surprising ending.
6302814782|5.0|I love the Boardwalk scenes. And they are very close to the way it is there.  On Fri nights during the summer we have &quot;hot summer  nights&quot; where we do set up bands, just like in the movie. And the   people are just as  eclectic! After dark, it's just us locals.  I love it!
B000023VTQ|5.0|This is absolutely the best movie that I have seen (maybe even better than Titanic!) The story is just so sweet and well written, it stays in your  mind long after leaving the theater. Julia Roberts and Hugh Grant's  performances in the film are spectacular. You can't ask for a better movie.
B000002NJS|5.0|The music flows through your ears like a spirit twirling in the air. Madonna's new album, Ray of Light, is a spectacular new sound in  cooperation with a style we all know and have grown to love so much. With  her new project, she sets back the other music divas by at least a decade.  The album is saturated with pure perfection right down to the smallest  high-pitch sound effects. Frozen, the first single released from the album,  begins with a symphonic melody that drifts into techno sounds which enhance  the variety of the song. Ray Of Light, the title track brings out the best  of the material girl's style while springing forward incredible electronica  inclusions. <br />Even with such detail, there have been negative responses to  Maddona's somewhat shocking new style. Some critics even say that Madonna's  voice does not mix well with the high tech music. And just how spiritual  and intellectual are the lyrics of Ray Of Light? Maddona's publicist  confirmed that two lines in the song &quot;Sky Fits Heaven&quot; came from  an add for  GAP. One more company is hammering Maddona for sloppy lyrics. A  magnet poetry company claims that Madonna's lyrics for her song &quot;Candy  Perfume Girl&quot; may have came from their poetry kit. A spokesperson  pointed out that less than 4% of the words in the song can not be found in  the poetry kit. Does it really matter where the words came from? At any  rate, Maddona's new lyrics prove to be spiritual and thoughtful, many in  reference to her new baby girl.  The last song on the CD is entitled Little  Star. The lyrics read: <br />God gave a present to me  Made of flesh and bones  My life, My soul  You make my spirit whole  Never forget who you are   Little star&quot; <br />Previous Madonna fans should love the funky dance  beats and supersensible voice Madonna never fails to deliver.  Except for  what can be repetitive s sound effects, the expert technological work  combined with Madonna's hypnotizing voice and in-depth lyrics, enrapture  your senses in what may be the best CD completed for years.
0395645662|5.0|I don't know how many times I've read this book; I have lost track.  I have about three copies, and I think it's one of the best books ever  written. I do not know how anyone could possibly not like this book.
B00000AFWW|5.0|Well,well,you'd never have expected Courtney Love to record an album like this,why? Well it contains so many &quot;happy&quot; sounding songs!!Check  out classics such as &quot;Awfull&quot;,&quot;Malibu&quot; and &quot;Boys  On The Radio&quot;,the album has a great West coast feel,but she can still  kick it,try the great single &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; or &quot;Playing  You Song&quot;FABULOUS!!!
0792151720|5.0|Words can hardly do justice to the effect that this film has had on so many people.  Rather than repeat all of the plot elements that are probably  familiar to most by now, suffice it to say that this film is a winner.   James Cameron's combination of the involving fictitious storyline of Jack  and Rose set against a flawless historical depiction of the real  &quot;Titanic&quot; and groundbreaking special effects has no modern  parallel.  At first I had feared that this would be just another  big-budget, soulless &quot;event&quot; movie like so many others.  What  really distinguishes this film from almost all others is its ability to  make you care about the characters.  There are so many scenes in this film  that will haunt you and are hard to forget... the record-tying 11 Academy  Awards this movie won are richly deserved -- this is the kind of movie that  comes along only once every few decades!  The widescreen version of this  film is the only way to capture even a small portion of the magnificent  experience of seeing it on the big screen.
B00001ZULV|2.0|It's difficult to put together a greatest hits collection for a band that has so many of them, so I have to applaud the effort, but this CD falls  very short.  Many songs are lacking - No Reply at All, It's Gonna Get  Better, The Lamb Lies Down..., Home By the Sea, Illegal Alien.  They're  tossed aside in place of very questionable entries, such as No Son of Mine  and Jesus He Knows Me, which I wouldn't call hits, just throw-aways the  studio released to let the public know Genesis was still around.  This band  lost credibility with &quot;Invisible Touch&quot; (some feel it was  earlier), going for Top 40 stardom and sacrificing their musical  creativity.<br />This CD could easily be expanded into a double-disc set,  including more work with Peter Gabriel, complete versions of the songs  (instead of radio edits), and definitely more instrumentals (especially The  Brazilian - the only high point of &quot;Invisible Touch&quot;).
B00000JAQ8|5.0|I have often drempt of a band that could meld the sharp intensity of power metal together with a heavy dose of Viking culture and the relaxing,  pleasurous tones of New Age instruments...but have never seen such a feat  performed, until now. From the first time I heard Stargazers I have been  unable to go a day without listening to Nightwish, whether it be Oceanborn  or Angels Fall First. Purely masterful. Ingenious. Poignant. *insert other  positive words here* Each song displays a totally unique melody and overall  sound than the others, from the powerful symphonic masterpiece of  Moondance, to the culture-rich woodwinds and clean, driving guitars in  Stargazers, this album will pound your mind, heart, and spirit from the  first track to the last. I only hope one day Tarja, Tuomas, Emppu, Sami,  and Jukka decide to tour the United States ^^ <br />In short: if you haven't  bought it yet, you're wasting valuable Nightwish time!! quickly!!<br />P.S. Do  be sure to check out another Finnish favorite power metal group of mine,  SINergy - lead by the vocal/production talents of Kimberly Goss =)  Nightwish and SINergy on the same tour together would be a show never to be  equalled...
0870119435|5.0|Murakami fans new and old rejoice and give your wallet and heart a break!!  Norwegian Wood will be published for the US in the year 2000.  This is  confirmed in interviews and by the office of Murakami.  The month is unkown  but wait a little longer for this wonderful, wonderful tale brought to you  by a genius.  If you don't own this book when it comes out you better have  a good excuse on judgement day!!
B000000WZ4|5.0|I have loved DM for about 7 years now, they aren't enough words to discribe how awsome they are. But right before Ultra came out I had given  up hope on Depeche Mode. With Gahan's drug problems and the stress of the  Devotional tour, I thought DM had called it quits. But one day I was half  asleep on my sofa and on MTV they played &quot;Barrel of a Gun&quot;. I  though I was dreaming, but it was true. Ultra is truly a masterpiece. And I  ended up seeing them on tour last year. The show was even better then this  album. So after being gone for 4 years DM is back from the grave!!!!
1883049792|5.0|I am a committed Sherlockian. I prefer to hear Frank Muller read the books. Has anyone listened to this reading? What do you think?
014028009X|3.0|This is not Shakespeare.  There are times when we look for something light and inconsequential for a read.  Even though we might subscribe to National  Geographic at home, we might feel like reading People at the doctor's  office.  This book is trite and simple, but sometimes this is what the  reader wants.  If you need something of more substance, pick John Updike or  Joyce Carol Oates.  Sure Bridget is self-pitying and has no  &quot;real&quot; problems in her life, but at one point or another we might  have felt this way too, sorry for ourselves because there is nothing too  serious going on (disease, death, poverty, ethical issues, etc).  So what?  (BTW, the AllyMcBeal comment is right on).<br />Anyhow, apart from the  character of the mother, which is way too cartoonish, the book is OK.  Just  read it when your brain is at 35% capacity.
B0000060NA|5.0|I just bought the LP-EP the other day.  It only cost $4.00.  It was the best investment I have ever made.  I would have paid $15.00 for the used LP  without the Ep or booklet.  What sold me was the fact that I have a single,  and I really liked the song and thought to my self: &quot;If there are any  other songs like this one, I need to get them.&quot;  I was sold by Sir  Duke (which is the single I have, flip side to &quot;He's Mistra Know it  All&quot;, or vise-versa) If there is a person who hears this album and  doesn't like it, I would like to know who they are.  It's great, just  great.  I don't know if they changed the CD around or any thing, but the LP  is absolutly wonderful.  This is a MUST have record/CD for any body that  listens to music.  I'm pretty sure the CD is on Motown (seeing how they  deleted Gordy and Tamla in 1987), but the orignal record ID is T13-00340 on  Motown's &quot;Tamla&quot; Label.<br />Words can not descrbe how wonderful  this album is,  and that is something good.  Stevie is one of the greatist  artists of all time, and everyone should have a copy of this album.  On a  scale of 1 to 10, I give it a 475298701793274358743259349.
B000002UDG|3.0|Judging the material alone, it would rate 5 stars.  But this is merely a redundant update of the Wings Greatest CD.  The best thing here that you  don't get there is the live &quot;Coming Up&quot;-- but the opportunity to  make this a PART TWO for those who already had the earlier compilation was  missed.  This was a mis-conceived set, and a lot of choice material (i.e.,  minor hits, b-sides) was left off in favor of re-issueing the same tracks  again.  No wonder it sold poorly.
B000001FS3|5.0|U2 produced the most complete, most enduring studio album of all time with The Joshua Tree.  Every song weaves perfectly into the tapestry of the  album, and yet each contains enough individual identity to stand out its  own.  The music is resonant; each melody is compelling; the guitars, drums,  bass lines, harmonicas are perfectly combined to give the album a backdrop  of deep acoustic pensiveness, ranging from melancholic to spiritual, and  everywhere in between. There is an intense musical yearning that will  strike deep chords into any listener.  However, the real power of the album  derives from the poetry of Bono's lyrics.  While Bono showed lyrical  promise in earlier albums, here he stakes claim as the most evocative and  moving lyricist of his generation, i.e.  &quot;The sun's so bright it  leaves no shadows, only scars/ carved into stone on the face of  earth,&quot; (from One Tree Hill), or &quot;Set me alight/ We'll punch a  hole right through the night/ Every day the dreamer's die/ to see what's on  the other side,&quot; or &quot;I believe in Kingdom Come/ when all the  colors will bleed into one . . . you broke the bonds and you loosed the  chains/ carried the cross of my shame . . . but I still haven't found what  I'm looking for.&quot;  Maybe the most telling statement about the quality  of this album is that the best songs may be the ones that were never  released, i.e. Running to Stand Still, One Tree Hill, Mothers of the  Disappeared.  But the truth is that EVERY song is a classic, &quot;With or  Without You,&quot; being providing the album's signature. While U2 has  produced high quality albums throughout their career, they peaked with The  Joshua Tree . . . and rock peaked with them.
6305232660|4.0|This movie touches emotions that Armageddon cannot. Whereas Armageddon might have the edge in some areas (soundtrack, big moviestars), Deep Impact  wins hands down with character and realism. The bottom line, embarrassing  as it may be, I cried watching Deep Impact but not Armageddon.
B000021XS0|5.0|Wow!  My only question is how can any band (DT included) top this?  It's as if their hands and lyrical abilities were touched by God, Himself!<br />BUY  THYSELF THIS CD!!!
0679721037|3.0|While Hiroshima was interesting, it was not as exciting or suspenseful as a fictional story might be. It was, however, a compelling story that helped  give a better view into what happened on the fateful day when Hiroshima was  bombed, and it did hold my interest. While it was somewhat graphic, I was  at times enthusiastic to get back and read more. It was a fascinating  account of the bare truth. I would recommend it.
0792156684|2.0|The majestic special effects scenes of the Titanic itself is the only thing that saves this movie.  Otherwise this is a totally forgettable  movie.  The acting has some moments of inspiration, but the scene when  they're in the water is pathetic.  I didn't even feel cold - there was no  communication of the actual event.  I think the fact that teenage girls  made most of the money for this movie says it all.  It's a love story with  no depth, and good-looking actors that didn't make a huge effort at acting.   Go see it once at the theater if you have to, but don't buy this DVD.
B0000062FN|5.0|To me this is Santana's best album ever--it combines great playing, high energy and excellent songs. It is the sound of a musician and a group at  their absolute hot peak, when the magic was working all the time.
B000005K6A|4.0|I will admit that in comparision to the bluesy ballads of the first few albums and the emminence and drama effected by Physical Graffitti, Presence  might not have been the groups best showing. However, considering that the  band was going through a bit of a rough spot in late 1975 with Robert's  injury, and that the band's immediate future was ominously  uncertain, the  music demonstrates their tenacity to and skill in bringing the album to  fruition under trying circumstances.  Page has often said that he considers  the disc a &quot;triumph over adversity&quot;-I would have to agree. Jimmy  is at his most arrodyte form on guitar and Plant's vocals compliment his  tantilizing hooks and arrangements well. The ever enigmatic Jones is as  delightfully dapper as ever, and Bonham beats out a steady rhythm. My own  favorites were many of the tracks other fans have long considered  &quot;fillers&quot; such as &quot;royal orleans&quot; and &quot;candy store  rock&quot;, but being as those tracks are semiautobiographical they make  for compelling listening.  All in all an under-appreciated yet satisfying  effort. I have enjoyed it.
B000002BUY|5.0|I heard that Incubus was playing at a tiny little place in my home town from the guy I was dating at the time. We went. I was enthralled. I  couldn't keep my eyes off them! Not to mention their music. . . The next  day I went and bought SCIENCE. (It was the only good thing I took away from  that relationship.) Anyway, Incubus is just one of those bands that you  can't get out of your head. I like every song on SCIENCE. I love to listen  the different layers of different kinds of music and try to pick them  apart, and on this CD they go together so well I'll be listening for years.  I'd recommend this CD to anyone who likes Faith No More, for one thing, and  also to anyone who likes music that is put together very well, played live  in god-like manner, and with an excellent blend of lyric and notes. It's a  treasure I'm glad to have found!
0307165485|5.0|As a Speech-language Therpist for many years, I found this book to be wonderfully stimulating and comprehensive, regarding language development.  It is a definate must for any parent - sit and read with your child.  It's  the best gift you can give them!
B00000J7J4|5.0|This is the first Santana CD that I have ever bought and I love it!  I am so amazed at the talent on this album.  Santana has great skills.  What he  does with an electric guitar is amazing.  He's the best I have ever heard!   Buy it... without a doubt...you will be pleased.
B00001QEE9|1.0|This is really the pits.  Disney could easily put a few little &quot;extras&quot; on these DVD releases, like &quot;the making  of...&quot;, interviews, etc.  But all we get is the bare movie.  This  sucks.  How much more could it cost to add these extras?  Virtually every  other DVD released nowadays has added features.  Shame on you, Disney.
0380973464|5.0|This book is so excellent I cannot put it into words.  I like it perhaps better than Snow Crash.  I like the fact that it is supposedly a Science  Fiction novel, but none of the science was fiction.  Ever piece of  technology in the book exists.  I found it so impressive the depth this  brought to the book, technology presented as futuristic and amazing really  puts into perspective the world we live in today.
0671510991|3.0|A well written and developed book with a number of good insights logically put together.  However, at the pace it is written it's more like a college  text -- kind of slow -- than a good adult read.
0679721037|3.0|One of the most compelling elements in John Hersey's Hiroshima is the great detail of the book. The descriptions make you feel as if you are  there experiencing the horror of the bombing. Dr. Sasaki, a survivor of the  bombing, works at a hospital and has to receive many people who suffered  injuries during the days after the bombing. This is a moment that I will  always remember, along with the five other stories of the survivors.
0141301066|5.0|I READ THE BOOK ITS MY FAVORITE. ITS FUNNY AND VERY COOL. I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT TO READ BUT WHEN I SAW BY ACEDENT THIS BOOK I THOGHT THAT ROALD DAHL  IS ONE OF THE BEST AUTHORS!!!
0679721037|3.0|John Hersey's Hiroshima vividly describes the dropping of the bomb from a survivor's perspective.  His description of the survivors is amazing.  You  can really commiserate with the people in the book because of his in depth  and complex writing.   The most memorable thing in Hiroshima is Dr. Fuji's  determination to save as many people as he can.  I gave this book three  stars because although it did catch my attention, it did not hold it  throughout the entire book.
B000003N7K|5.0|Damn. To expound upon this would not do this album justice. Pop it in the CD player (and if I may, I suggest that you not be alone for this), sit  back and enjoy sensual music bliss.
6305399212|4.0|I was tremendously excited when I heard that they were releasing Aliens with the added footage.  I remember the robot sentry scenes from its  network tv showing and I had long heard rumors tht there were scenes in the  LD version of the colony under attack.  Normally I like the added footage  that comes in a director's cut, but in this case it provides a lesson in  the merits of judicious editing.  The added story elements screw up the  pacing, making it awkward and at times redundant.  Don't get me wrong!   It's great to be able to see the &quot;new&quot; stuff, but I hope this  isn't going to be like Star Wars all over again, where only this new  version is made available.  Aliens is one of the best movies of the last  twenty years and is a landmark for the portrayal of female characters in  action films as well as satirizing man's reliance upon technology and his  false pride in his accomplishments as an &quot;intelligent&quot; being.   Directorially speaking, it is the greatest example of Cameron's skill. I  give the original 6 of 5 stars, but the added footage just made me glad I  didn't get rid of my old copy of the film
B00000K31V|1.0|What an awful, awful movie.  Its only redeeming feature was that it was under two hours long, thereby wasting less of my life.<br />How disappointing  that Amazon requires one to give it any stars at all.
020161622X|5.0|This book is decades overdue. Whether you're a beginner or a seasoned programmer, it's not too late to learn effective and efficient ways to  design and code industrial strength applications. In today's competitive  software environment, one cannot risk working without the techniques  presented by the &quot;Pragmatic Programmers.&quot;<br />Andrew Hunt and  David Thomas definitely know what they are talking about. Each chapter  emphasizes new ways to improve and strengthen your current skills. If  programming is your intended profession, don't waste another day doing  things the wrong way. Start with the right frameset and place yourself  among the &quot;Pragmatic Programmers.&quot;
B000002HK4|4.0|This album lacks the nuances in their music,which is otherwise the hilight of the DT works.The reason could very well have been that,most of the songs  are the renditions their favourites and justice had to be done to the  original heros.DT is a good band,no doubt,but this album doesn't really  prove it.If U haven't bought any of their albums so far,but want to  start,this is definetely not the U should begin with.Try &quot;Falling into  Infenity&quot; or &quot;Awake&quot;.Let me say again DT is a very good band
B000021XS0|5.0|Although Awake, Change of seasons, Falling into infinity, and the live CD, have brilliant moments, I was never fully satisfied with any of the DT  albums since images and words. It just seemed that they were holding back.  But remaining true to DT, I still bought and listened to all of the CD's,  and still I waited. Adding Jordan Rudess to the line up was as drastic of a  change in the band's sound as it was adding James Labrie. I was highly  upset when Kevin moore parted ways with DT, and when they added Derreck I  was unimpressed, and I also think Derrick was the reason that DT was  holding back musically. Not to say that Derrick was a bad keyboard player,  just not the right keyboard player for DT. A friend turned me on to liquid  tension experiment, and after hearing the CD, (which has portnoy, petrucci,  and rudess on it). I said that was the way DT used to play. (Before the  Derrick days) Tight, brilliant, and all over the place! For all of the DT  fans that feel the same way I do, and never gave up hope that they would  once again put out a CD that just BLOWS YOUR MIND! THE WAITING IS OVER!   &quot;Scenes of a memory&quot;. A CD, that you just can't get enough of and  you don't want to ever end! Buy this CD, Buy 2 because you may just wear  out the 1st one! This album is just unbelievable! Simply incredible! The  vocals are fantastic, the guitar and keyboard solo's are mind boggling, the  bass playing is nothing short of phenomenal, and of course the drums being  rock solid just tie it all together in a neat package. (I always said that  Mike Portnoy would give Neil Peart a run for his money) Think of this CD  like DT's own little Pandora's box. Just waiting for you to open it and let  loose the chaos and carnage that has been building up all of these years.  There just aren't enough words to describe how great this CD is. The songs  range from heavy, to soft to somewhere in the middle, and being that the  story takes place in the late 1920's they even got slick and added a few  classic riffs of the era. Yes, it's a concept album, and this album is to  DT what Operation mind crime is to Queensryche, and the Wall is to Pink  Floyd, Legendary. &quot;Scenes from a memory&quot; has the same caliber.  Even the music and the way the songs were all tied together sound like a  chaotic cross between the two. This is one of the best CD releases of the  year and, DT's best release to date.
B00000JZC4|4.0|Whilst this cd is definately polished and aimed at the mass market, who cares..right? Its 13 great songs. Some are better than others but they are  all filled with emotion, all be it sometimes overclouded by the slick  production. But thats what Filters all about right? Sonic textures of sound  combined with raw hardhitting energy.  I have read reviews saying that  &quot;title of record' is 'bland'. What a joke. They insist on comparing it  to NIN which is ridiculous because theyre both completely different. The  majoy difference being that whilst NIN wallow in the barrel of medicrity  and teen angst, Filter at least get over that threshhold of 'teen rock' and  take their sound elsewhere. &quot;take a picture' signals a lighter side to  Filter although its still a lot harder than your average 'pop' band. But  the difference is that it still captures the raw primal scream of Patricks  voice. When he sings 'hey dad, what do you think of your son now?' its  really blunt and gives me shivers. He may have meant it in a totally  different way but it makes me feel of the distance between myself and my  own father. &quot;Welcome to the fold' is aggression a million times over  and this is what a lot of the album sounds like. But it has its emotive  side and this is what makes it a really good album. Not a 'great' so to  speak, but Filter are on their way to eclipsing Trent and the gang..
0385484518|3.0|It's difficult, and perhaps unkind, to say anything negative about this book.  Morrie Schwartz showed a remarkable courage facing his difficult  death, and Mitch Albom cares a great deal about Morrie. Morrie's words ring  true, and if we all followed them, we'd be better off.  But too little  space (and depth) is devoted to each idea, and too little recognition is  given to the difficulty of changing oneself for the better.  As a result,  it's unlikely that Morrie's words will have a lasting effect on anyone.   This is the kind of book that one reads, nods sagely at the advice, sheds a  tear or two--and then goes on behaving exactly as before.
B000001OAA|4.0|My favrits are only happy when it rains and stupid girl but all the songs are totaly hip. I recomamd to evreyone who likes hole or there new cd  version 2.0
B000002UAR|5.0|Some friends down the block purchased the Revolver album. Teenagers, that is. Though I was just too young I enjoyed the music, anyway.
B000021XS0|5.0|Ok, Dream Theater has always been a favorite of mine, but I had never really liked every single aspect of any of their previous albums. This CD  however is a milestone. It captures more energy and emotion than any CD I  have ever listened to. Granted, what they have done isn't completely  original (the fact that it's a concept album), but the way it's presented  is: Characters who have their own &quot;lines,&quot; past and present  experiences... I can only liken it to the recent film A Stir Of Echoes.  It's too bad that Dream Theater isn't more in the mainstream, because then  maybe we'd see a decline in &quot;trendy&quot; groups, like Korn and  Backstreet Boys... they'd be hard pressed to make as big an accomplishment  as Dream Theater has with this release. Then again, maybe that's a good  thing. We don't want DT to drown in conformity. Tell all your friends to  buy this CD. It is a true gem of musical grace, and I suggest it to anyone  looking for an escape from mediocre late-90's bands.
6303212263|5.0|A wonderful, entertaining movie.  The best ever adaptation of a comic book to film, great special effects, terrific story and phenomenal direction  make this movie something to see.  The opening credits alone are the most  spectacular of any movie made so far.  The special effects hold up rather  well.  Some of the characters are bit over the top.  Clark Kent may be seen  as a little too wimpy, Otis may be too extreme of a doofus, but they are  surrounded by characters who manage to be wholly credible.  Kudos to Mario  Puzo for his script and story (he also worked on Superman II, and his  absence was noticed on III and IV: The Quest for Peace) The only other  possibly superior interpretation of The Man of Steel is the first season of  Lois and Clark. But still, a movie of this much grandeur and spectacle,  which is superior in every way to all of the Batman movies combined (sorry,  Tim.  Love your work, but this movie is better), should be viewed in its  original widescreen format.  Warner Bros. should get off their butts and  give a good digital remastering and widescreen release onto video and/or  DVD.
B000021XR5|5.0|What a great album.  Right off the bat, with Down, they get back to that old sound from Core, which is great.  From here, its nothing but great  music.  Slower songs like Sour Girl, I Got You and Atlanta are just  incredible.  What about the lyrics on No Way Out?  Sounds like Weiland  writing right from the heart - great stuff!  Personally, Tiny Music  eventually grew on me, but this is better, comparable to Purple, but in a  different, more mature way musically.  Go buy this if you haven't already!   By the way, to all those critics panning this thing, what is your problem?   Has the MTV ideology spread into the media now?  STP forever!!
6305470448|5.0|Yes, I am actually comparing this movie to Scream.  Just as Scream was filled with inside jokes and refernces to other slasher movies, so was  Shakespeare in Love loaded with jokes and references to Shakespeare's  plays. It is a thoroughly entertaining, bittersweet (perhaps a tad bit more  sweet than bitter) romantic comedy, which was better written than Saving  Private Ryan (and therfore superior in my book), even though it didn't  achieve the technical mastery of that movie, the characters were deeper and  the plot was less predictable.
0792839676|4.0|I thought this movie was very entertaining.  It is a personal favorite of mine.  If I could I would watch it over and over.  Sissy Spacek was a great  actress in it.  Its amazing how they made it.  I reccommend that you take  time and watch it.  Its one of the best horror pictures ever!!!
0800141601|1.0|It would have been nice if someone who wrote the movie had actually read something Arthurian before it hit production.  I don't mind if the movie  varies from the original text, but only if it can justify the changes, or  at least provide some ironic asides to show that they read the stuff (like  the Disney Hercules).  The fact that they didn't, and presented it as a  story of King Arthur, is insulting to anyone who has bothered to read Le  Morte D'Arthur, The Once and Future King, Idylls of the King, Sir Gawain  and the Green Knight, or any other of the Arthurian stories out there.  Rent Excaliber, rent Sword and the Stone, rent Camelot, rent Monty Python  and the Holy Grail. These are all more faithful, intelligent and  entertaining than the trite, shollow Harlequin Romance of a movie that is  First Knight.
1573300403|5.0|Michael is the master of our Generation. When Michael Jackson sings it is with the voice of angels , and when his feet moves , you can see GOD  dancing.
6300268993|4.0|It is very rare to find a sequel that is as good as the original, especially if the original was close to perfect, but if a movie comes close  it can still be better than most of the other movies out there. Superman II  is not quite as good as the first, and watching it as a grown-up, several  plot holes occasionally scream out at me that weren't in the first movie.  The Supervillains can immediately speak English, after Superman loses his  powers he can still go back and forth to his Fortress of Solitude (in a  very remote location) without too much effort.  The special effects aren't  quite as good as the original, and are a little bit dated by today's  standards.  In spite of these plot holes and other leaps of logic, not to  mention several superfluous moments of campy humor, the movie manages to  propel the audience along with enough crowd-pleasing adventure and  excitement to be more than worthwhile.  But, as I said in my review of  Superman, where's the widescreen edition?
B000009VOL|5.0|I listened &quot;What would the community think?&quot; thousands of times and I must confess that I waited more than a year to buy &quot;Moon  Pix&quot;. I didn't think Cat Power could do another album like that, with  this kind of black magic. I didn't want to be disappointed. I was wrong...  &quot;Moon Pix&quot; is reaching higher level of beauty; if you don't agree  with me, just try to press &quot;play&quot; when you are alone, put out the  light and listen to the whole album. If some friends of mine are reading  this review, they will remember the idea. I can't understand why people are  trying to compare Cat Power with Lisa Germano, Tori Amos or Paula Cole  (Paula Cole?? that's a joke or what?). Cat Power is living in her own  world, not in ours. She's a wonderful loser and I don't think the kind of  recognition Tori Amos has would fit her. Just one more thing. I have always  been a Sonic Youth fan and I loved the Sonic Youth's rythms and sound on  the previous album. But, finally, CatPower's songs are far more intense  along with a flute or a clarinet.
0788811363|2.0|I bought the video based upon the non-stop praise the movie received from all of the critics, but didn't have the time to watch it straight through,  so I watched it an hour a day.  Somebody told me that if I liked the  beginning then I would like the rest of the movie.  I did like the  beginning, but then the rest of the movie happened and like so many other  popular movies like Top Gun, Backdraft, Dante's Peak and Deep Impact, the  story became completely and utterly predictable, just with a slower pace  and more literary refernces tossed in to make it seem intelligent.  It  isn't anywhere as good as Lawrence of Arabia, Casablanca or Howard's End,  and it certainly didn't deserve the Best Picture Award.  Fargo was robbed.
0140868445|5.0|This book should not be required reading for anyone.  It should be sought out by those ready to enrich themselves, and those who want to 'feel' what  it is like to be out of society's main stream.  I would also recommend Ayn  Rand's &quot;Atlas Shrugged&quot; for those wishing to understand how  people on the other side of life's river view the world.  We, the people,  are the heros in both these novels, and my life has been enriched by having  heard these stories.  I highly recommend these books as valuable assets to  our collective compassion and the individual spirit.  There is plenty of  room for both, and we can afford to lose neither...  BTW - both are  available on Audio for those who commute.
B000002C1W|4.0|If you are in love with Roger Waters, then you think that things like Atom Heart and Umma Gumma are the cat's ass.  On the other hand, if you like  David Gilmour or Rick Wright (see their solo stuff), this is a very solid  Pink Floyd album.  The earliest floyd work that suits my taste is Meddle.   Following, Dark Side and Wish are their best.  Animals gets a little dark  in its message, then The Wall is puerile tripe.  Keep Hey You and  Comfortably Numb, but for most of the rest I can only say, &quot;Boys, grow  up!&quot;  Momentary is a return to tuneful melodies and at least  reasonably post-eleven-year-old lyrics.  A very substantial and satisfying  effort.
B0000033K2|5.0|Whether you're a Coltrane fan or not (I am), this set is a must. True, it's a little pricey. But, it absolutely gets no better than this. It's  hours of the best jazz you'll ever hear.
B000002UJQ|3.0|I really love the the first 6 tracks of the album.  But at the point where it hits track 7 and the computer voice starts talking, I immediately switch  to the next CD in my changer.  Yes I've listened to the rest of the tracks  many many times trying to like them.  But they are all too slow and sound  relatively the same (I confess I like more upbeat music normally).   Electioneering is OK, but it's much better to end with &quot;Karma  Police&quot;.  Overall, it was worth the purchase (I play this CD once a  month or so just listening to the first 6 tracks).
B00000J7J4|5.0|Listen to it a few times.  Carlos still has it!  Never mind the naysayers.  Sure, it's not Moonflower.  What could be?  But if you're into Carlos,  it's still got soul!  How rare is that today?
6302914191|5.0|I love Twin Peaks, and I love this set - it's all recorded in EP though, so the quality and sound are a little off... as you watch more you get  dropouts and fuzzies all over...<br />The series is well worth it though- Twin  Peaks was the best thing on ABC for years, and it'll be many more years  before we see something like it again!
B000003TAW|5.0|It's pretty simple: if I were stranded on a desert island, this is the CD I would have with me.
6305594252|4.0|An incredible concept that is truly wonderful, more for what it might have been rather than the result seen at the cinema. One of my greatest  enjoyments/disapointments, still, even Casablanca wasnt perfect.
B000002WYT|5.0|I don't think i've ever heard Dave miss a note.  His voice is beautiful, and even that isn't a match for the amazing instrumentals.  Believe what  the critical reviewers say or not, it really is good music, and DMB's  second best album (not quite BFCS)
630526323X|5.0|Werner Herzog's &quot;Nosferatu&quot; is a thrilling remake of F.W. Murnau's 1922 classic. But Herzog goes beyond it and presents a gothic work  of art that remains one of the greatest of all vampire films, if not THE  greatest. The film is lush, rich in performances and settings. The  screenplay is intelligent and spooky. The cinematography is rich and  breathtaking in it's usage of darkness, shadow and color. This film  presents the true elements of dark cinema. Herzog doesn't go for gory  scares like &quot;The Texas Chainsaw Massacre&quot; or &quot;Bram Stoker's  Dracula.&quot; Instead, he takes his time with the art. The film's  atmosphere, look, and dramatic intensity make it chilling. Single images  stay in your mind. &quot;Nosferatu&quot; is for those who truly love great  art.
0767821629|2.0|I found this film to be utterly boring and overlong and when I was watching it, I paid more attention to the 'Briteny-Spears-like'  conversations going on behind me. It's not necessarily a rehash of the  Matrix, but it's not nearly as good as that film either. It had an  interesting idea, but the filmmakers couldn't keep your interest with it...  There's just TOO MUCH ANNOYING DIALOGUE. Avoid.
6304510861|2.0|&quot;Lost Highway&quot; is one of those movie where you lovethe look and feeling, but you end up not enjoying the film because of it's structure.  David Lynch is a talented director, but here he presents a poor example of style exercising. The problem is, it makes no sense. It seems as if Lynch only filmed scene notes and not a finished, well-structured screenplay.  Some scenes seem as if they've just been thrown in, for no reason,just so we could see them. &quot;Lost Highway&quot; has some wonderfully intense moments, like when the little pale man in black does a telephone trick on Bill Pullman, making it seem as if he's in two places at once. But, who is this guy? What perpose does he have? What perpose does any of this have? In the area of style, it's a great movie. But you scratch your head too many times because nothing is in order, there's no story really. You could only recommend this movie for a few series of images, and that's it. This is about style, not cinema. Even the soundtrack surpasses the film with darkly entertaining songs like Marilyn Manson's &quot;I Put A Spell On You.&quot; Other than that, this is a poor movie that needed a screenplay.
B000007T1M|5.0|This alblum is indescribable! &quot;System of a Down&quot; is a completely original band.(hard to come by these days). If you like the song  &quot;sugar&quot;, then get this c.d. dammit, cuase after you listen to the  whole thing, &quot;sugar&quot; will sound like nothing compared to  everything else. In other words, &quot;BUY IT&quot;.
0792833686|5.0|The new dvd release has been fully remixed and remastered from available audio tapes into full 5.1 stereo.  The film has never looked nor sounded  like this.  All the classic songs and pictures come to life giving the  viewer a totally new experience.  You haven't really seen this classic  until you have seen the dvd version.  It makes the last reissued VHS  version unwatchable by comparison in both picture and sound quality,
B00001MXWX|5.0|This movie is a great movie. But for those who are hoping for the fast paced excitement as in First Contact you will dissapointed in it. But if  you just want a change of pace then this is your cup of tea. The storyline  at first as one-liner weak attempts at humor and a slow begining but after  we get through all this it leads to a very thought provoking script with  the corruption of powers. The action scenes are very well done but what i  hoped for was a little more space action but the special effects are  amazing the performances are good also and i like the music from Jerry  Goldsmith although i think he is getting a little old at star trek i think  that he nonethe less provides great action music but maybe for the 10th  film they should bring back James Horner or Cliff Edielman because there  scores for eariler films were excellent.
B0000025DV|5.0|What says it all for me is this -- it's 22 years later and having somewhere along the line lost my last version of the CD, I stopped at two  places last night looking for a replacement and the songs were still on my  mind this morning, leading me to Amazon.  This is one of my favorite rock  albums of all times, and I am one who usually thinks that they stopped  making good records in the 60s.  Before cable became king and before music  videos became the norm, ELO's marketing of this album included a music  video of Mr. Blue Sky that was released as a theatrical short.  Seeing the  imaginative film and hearing the awesome music in this environment  instantly made me a fan for life.
0451197879|1.0|Well, the begining is really boring. But I continued to read. I hoped something interesting would happen, but nothing really did. The whole book  is about a guy that is crazy. In the end, he blows himself up, which is the  best part because thats when the book stops. If you read this review, I  suggest you don't bother wasting your money on this poor excuse of a book.
B0000025HU|5.0|I don't even want to think what music would be like today without London Calling. This is probably my favorite album. It's the only record besides  Highway 61 Revisited that is able to encompass the whole world in a little  jazz-back beat variation known as Rock 'n' Roll. There is so much imagery  in this. Supermarkets, spanish bombs, Local street thugs, Drug Dealers,  Nods to Jamacan Legends, card cheats, monty cliff, nuns, fascist groups,  Shout outs to Rudie (a reggae symbol of one who never gives up), Big  Business, Party Girls, Cadillacs, etc. I feel so great when I listen to it.  I doubt I'll ever get sick of it. I forgive the clash for sucking after  this, they achieved what they set out do do,Move rock &amp; roll back to  the city where it belonged.
B000002ITW|4.0|This album is very representative of how these guys sounded live way back then. The acoustic part of the album, though it shys away from CSN's  reknowned harmonies for the most part, highlights each guy rather well.   Most noteworthy here is David Crosby. His readings of &quot;Triad&quot; and  &quot;The Leeshore&quot; are absolutely gorgeous, and it reminds one that  although David may not be the greatest musician on earth, there's no  disputing his ability to sing. Maybe the finest voice around in those days.   Neils &quot;Cowgirl in the Sand&quot;, &quot;Don't Let it Bring You  Down&quot;, and the &quot;Loner/Cinnamon Girl/Down By the River&quot;  medley really showcase Neil's acoustic guitar skills, and probably set him  apart from the other guys for all around talent.  Stills' performances,  &quot;49 Bye-Byes/For What it's Worth&quot;, Love the One You're with sound  very dated now, and the sloppiness of those performances make them even  harder to savor today. I was hoping that they would have dug out the  complete version of &quot;Suite: Judy Blue Eyes&quot; for the remastered  edition. Instead, we got Black Queen, an acoustic blues that Stephen nails  just fine. Really showcases his acoustic guitar skills.  Graham offers us  &quot;Teach Your Children&quot;, which is always a crowd pleaser (but  probably would have been better without Neil's &quot;harmony&quot; voice),  and &quot;Right Between the Eyes&quot;...a quiet one he duets with David.  The old Hollies tune, &quot;King Midas in Reverse&quot; was added for the  remastered edition The electric side is real loose, and basically  highlights Stephen and Neil trading riffs. These guys really did feed off  each other, and these songs just beg to be cranked !  &quot;Long Time  Gone&quot; and &quot;Ohio&quot; stand out here.  &quot;Southern Man&quot;  and &quot;Carry On&quot; are long, long jams. A common practice back then.  And those hollow body electric guitars they played really gave us some  groovy feedback, didn't they?  It is also noteworthy that in those days,  Nash handled the Hammond organ duties...something he did well. Good  ol'album. Peace.
B00000IGGA|5.0|Anyone who could dismiss such a wonderful record &quot;halfway through the first listening&quot; and then have the gall to come here and trash it  ought to stick to their Ricky Martin records. I'm glad I can also share my  opinion: You're a fool. You'd be better off keeping the record and losing  the roommate. Great music isn't always easy. Some records require numerous  listenings before they begin to reveal themselves. Perhaps before you put  the CD in the dumpster, try actually *listening* to &quot;Hold On&quot;,  &quot;House Where Nobody Lives&quot; &quot;Pony&quot;, &quot;Picture In A  Frame&quot;, and &quot;Georgia Lee&quot;, for starters. Sorry, I don't like  to make personal attacks in reviews, but it's grossly unfair for you to  come here and give a poor rating to something that you haven't even  listened to. If you feel that Waits is just &quot;trying to be  obnoxious&quot; or whatever you said, you apparently know nothing of his  work over the past 10 years. This is not music you say?. No. This is great  music, it just doesn't meet what your expectations were (i.e., sounding  like the &quot;old&quot; stuff). Instead of listening to the traffic,  perhaps you should go out and play in it instead.
B000002J1I|4.0|This recording is a pleasant diversion.  If you expect to hear a clone of Close To The Edge or Fragile, you will be disappointed.  Who wants to hear  the same thing over and over?  The songs are shorter, but in their own  right have some quality hooks and atmospheric elements.  I dig the military  drum in &quot;Future Times&quot; and Squires Harmonised Rickenbacker  throughout. I have been a fan of Yes music for 17 years, but only picked  this up 4 years ago, and really enjoy listening to it over and over.  Give  it it's day in court.
B000005IZ8|5.0|In the title track/finale, you have an angelical children's choir singing the word:<br />p   o   w   a   q   q   a   t     s    i<br />These soprano voices  are enough to move you to tears, but their chanting is followed, almost  rudely, by a male baritone choir, in almost impossibly low, evil sounding  voices singing:<br />                   POWAQQATSI<br />The point being made, of  course, is the universal conflict of the spirit vs. the compulsion to  consume and acquire (and destroy).  I recall Orwell's line in 1984 (and I  paraphrase and/or embellish) &quot;Imagine the face of humanity.  Imagine a  boot on that face. . .forever.&quot;      <br />And this is the album's coda.   As brilliant and stirring as it is, it merely concludes the hour or so of  miraculous music that precedes it.  Forget the film of the same name.   Forget the fact that a portion of this music was used in The Truman Show in  its most important scene. It stands alone as a symphony. Listening to this  and Mike Oldfield's Amarok in the same day may induce heart failure.  So,  die happy.  Get it and grok it!!!!!!
B000002U82|5.0|This album just plain rocks. Add the way it lines up with The Wizard of Oz and it makes an even better album. Try combining the two one day. For a  real simple way to line it up, line up money with the very beginning of the  color portion of the movie and watch from there, but be sure to keep the  music repeating as the disc ends. Watch for the little things that line up  and you will be amazed. Once again all I can say is this album rocks and  should be in your collection most definitely. If I could I would give it 6  or 7 stars, out of the possible 5 stars.
B000001FTD|5.0|I have been a fan ever since they released &quot;Spreading The Disease.&quot; When I think of &quot;classic&quot; metal albums this one  makes the top 5! From start to finish,this album is a fireball of non-stop  fury!! I am not saying this because I'm stuck in &quot;the 80's&quot;, My  favorite bands today are Machine Head,Slipknot,Fear Factory etc... But this  album sounds just as good today as it did then!!<br />Thanks for reading.
6300267997|2.0|This film makes me recall a rather infamous episode of my life.  I wanted to take a date to see &quot;Rocky&quot; in the theater, but she insisted on  seeing this movie instead.  Just like my date, this picture turned out to  be a dud.  Because it's loosely based on two previous releases of the same  title (one starring Frederic March and Janet Gaynor; the other featuring  Judy Garland and James Mason), the plot is uninspired and predictable.  As  for acting, both Streisand and Kristofferson should stay in the recording  studio.  The only redeeming feature of this film is Streisand's performance  of her hit song &quot;Evergreen&quot;.
B00000DFRS|5.0|I LOVE this CD.  I haven't listened to Whitney in years because I didn't really like what she was singing before.  But this CD is excellent, she  shows how much talent she really has.  One of my favorite CD's!!
0784011214|4.0|Just temporarily discard your sense of reality for a couple of hours and cheer this fictitious American hero on!  There are plenty of exciting  action scenes and vivid cinematography in this film where Stallone plays an  enlarged GI Joe doll that's come to life.
0060264306|5.0|I loved reading this book when I was a child and now I love reading this book to my child. It is a very approachable history book. The characters  are described so well that a child becomes engrossed in the adventures of  this family. I am now buying it for all my daughter's friends.
6304007523|5.0|This one had to be a sleeper.  It gives every indication of being a low-budget film; but it proves you don't have to spend a lot of money to  make a super quality cinema spectacle.  This is the movie that will ensure  Stallone will be remembered with the greatest actors who ever appeared on  the screen.  I personally enjoyed the movie because I am a native  Philadelphian who recognized many of the locations where this film was  shot.
0671027344|1.0|i've read alot of the reviews on this book. the people who gave it 5 stars always seem to be going on about how realistic and well written this is.  yeah, right. ok, i realize a lot of you are probably thinking i'm either  too young to understand teenage life in the early 90's or too old to be  able to relate to any kind of teenager. well, i'm 18, and my brother is 23.  i watched my brother through his teenage years and he was nothing like  Charlie. Don't think i'm just looking at him, either. I knew almost  everyone in his class (because he had the smallest class ever to go through  our high school) and none of them were like Charlie, either. I've also  noticed people calling this a classic and comparible to The Catcher in the  Rye. The only way this is anything like Catcher is that it constantly tries  to rip it off. Here- I will sumarize the story for you:<br />      Charlie  goes to high school, makes some friends, eats out at this one restaurant a  lot, does some drugs, reads some books, watches The Rocky Horror Picture  Show, and is crying about it because his freinds will no longer be there to  do these things with him. <br />  Yeah, it sure sounds like a classic to me.
0767817486|4.0|An awe-inspiring and horrifying depiction of existence in a Turkish prison.  Considering the other opinions presented here, I don't really know  if the depiction is truthful and accurate, but I don't intend to find out  the hard way!  Good acting by the now-deceased Brad Davis is presented  here.  You do have to be in the right frame of mind to watch this video.
B000001FZ6|5.0|Unbelievable! Slap on some headphones and get ready for the ride of your life! This album is emotionally exhausting. Listen to it 5 times, each time  concentrating on a different musician. The best ensemble ever put together.  Great guitars, great bass, great drummer, great keys and backup vocals.  Tremendous.
630443796X|5.0|Back in the sixties, whoever thought Laugh-In's skinny dumb blonde would eventually develop into such a fine actress?  This is by far, the best  acting performance by Goldie Hawn to date.  The plot of the movie is  markedly similar to that of &quot;Stripes&quot; where someone can't quite  make it in civilian life and naively joins the army to turn their life  around.  This misfit gets her act together while on the verge of receiving  a dishonorable discharge and turns into quite a fine soldier.  This film is  very funny and entertaining while giving us an accurate vicarious  experience with army life.
0515125024|4.0|The book started from the moment you open the page. A little ramdoish but it is an intertaning book.
0767825411|5.0|How do you combine comedy, science-fiction, and horror all into one picture?  Watch this flick and you'll find out how it's done!  After all  these years, I personally find it quite appealing and entertaining.  This  is a video that deserves to be around a good long time for future  generations to enjoy!
0767802470|5.0|this is without a doubt the best submarine movie i have ever seen. i spent 6 years in the US Navy on fast attack submarines and when someone asks me  whats it like to be at sea i tell them to rent this movie. granted these  guys go through alot of things i never even came close but the way the crew  acts and the look of the boat are enough to give a bubble head bad dreams.  this is a war movie that ranks up there with saving private ryan
6304342586|5.0|The highwater mark of the late Irwin Allen's filmmaking career.  This is another one of those high-budget, all-star cast disaster flicks of the  seventies; but many can say it's the best.  Great cinematography and  special effects make this film a great attention getter and retainer.  It  teaches a great lesson on just how a little carelessness and negligence can  go a long way.
B00001ODHL|3.0|Was disappointed that both disks were edited to remove some of the nudity. Enjoyed the movie anyway, but did not like the alternate ending that was  originally planned.  I think the ending that was actually released with the  movie was funnier.
B000021XS0|5.0|I've been a Dream Theater fan for a few years now and they're probably my favorite band of all time.  I loved the sound and the musicianship of IAW  more than anything else that I had ever heard, but I was a bit disappointed  with OIAL and FII.  I had trouble dealing with the changes in LaBrie's  vocal style.  Honestly, I thought that this album was going to continue the  downward spiral.  Thankfully, I was wrong.  They reverted back to their  previous progressive genius and managed to create a new sound that is  different than anything they've previously played.  A great sequel to  Metropolis Pt 1 but it's also an expansion of magnificent scope.  A must  buy for any prog fans.  A true emotional roller coaster.
0792842103|2.0|I can't believe people calling this movie 70's-like; it's just as fast as any of the newer Bond movies. And that's precisely why I was disappointed  by it being so &quot;current&quot;, after all. After reading all these  great things about it - pre-MTV, slow pace, the setting, downbeat ending,  talky, etc. - I thought here might finally be a movie different from the  bulk of recent action flicks. But no. Sure, the colors are subdued and they  may talk a lot, but here's where the misunderstanding begins. Just 'cos  they talk more (which in retrospect, I'm not even sure they do all THAT  much), doesn't necessarily mean it's a slow movie. -There's one vital thing  which distinguish the 70's from the 90's: the editing. The makers of  &quot;Ronin&quot; just didn't dare to slow that down, I guess. -In fear  modern audiences might fall asleep, no doubt. How very boring.
0684874350|5.0|I'm not Irish although I do have a little lineage there, I'm not catholic (nor particullarly religeous) but I have beliefs of one sort or another.  But I found this book deeply moving, not for the religeous or ethnic  content, simply for the struggle this family went through to survive, Mr Mc  Court's writing is simple and devestating, true from the heart and I can't  wait to read 'Tis'
B00000JCB2|1.0|&quot;This is a sell-out CD. If you want to be trendy and cool, then go ahead and waste your money on it. With Fred, the profanity-obsessed singer  singing ridiculously ludicrous lyrics, this CD truly needs work. The most  meaningful lyrics are &quot;Should've kept my pants on this time, instead  you let me dive right in.&quot; Can you say worthless? .... I couldn't have  said it better myself.  This is more packaged rebellion and angst, $hrink  wrapped and $old for their profit making plea$ure. The swears that litter  this cd are the attempt of weak mind to saying something profound, and Fred   didn't even come close to succeeding.  Sure, lots of people feel the same  way he does.  Does whining about it and getting all angry, rioting at  Woodstock and generally acting like a primate help life get better?   Hardly. Limp Bizkit is not music, it is not art, it is not creative  expression.  It is a hate-filled, violent rehashing of korn (who would want  to copy them?!?!?!?!?!?). They played a show in Boston that they only  publicized on the air 2 hours before it happened, and 2000 people showed  up.  What does that tell you about who listens to this &quot;music?&quot;   Unemployed, white trash tough guys and school skipping juvenile  delinquents.  Enough said.
B000000WA4|5.0|I rate this Cd 5 stars because not only is it soothing.....it actually means something.I love this CD!!!! Not every song is wonderful,but most of  them are.There is heavy metal and harps on the same disc!! I think this CD  breaks the boundaries.It not music, it is art in sound!It is definitely the  greatest CD I have every owned. Buy this CD and you will wonder what took  you so long to get it!
0805062971|3.0|Actually I'd give it 3 1/2 stars but I can't. Chuck Palahniuk's debut novel Fight Club reads like a movie waiting to happen. Just by reading the  jacket alone gives is reason to know why this book was made into a movie.  (see it) But you might want to read the book first. It's not that the book  gives you something new. It really doesn't. But it does give you a clearer  understanding about the characters. In fact i think the movie was better  than the book. But I'll explain that later. Everyone should know the basic  premise of the book. A young depressed yuppie, whose on relief from his  consumer addicted cubicle life is going to cancer group meetings, meets  Tyler Durden. A wild and loose soap sales man. Thw two start a fight club  for disaffected males. Great premise. The fight club quickly takes on a  life of it's own garnering many mambers from different walks of life.  That's about all that I'll say about the plot.  Palahnuik's style takes  some getting used to. He doesn't write prose like most writers.   Words,sentences, paragraphs ect. He writes more in images. He throws out  tidbits of information at the oddest times. At first I wondered where in  the hell he was going but later I realized (a-ha) I am jack catching on.  The images in some parts are brutal.  There are times in which I felt dirty  even reading what was going on on the page. :) But. You can tell that this  is a first novel. (it's a good one though) It's not very descriptive at  times, leaving a lot left to the imagination. So don't go expecting  everything to completely work itself out.  I found this interesting at time  but frustrating at others. The ending was also rather weak. I was expecting  a little more. Overall I'd definetly recommend Fight club to the right  person. This is not the novel that going to be chosen by Oprah as her book  of the month. It's brutal, cynical, smarmy and un-pc as you will read in a  while and one hell of an interesting read.
B000002KO1|5.0|The Pretenders crashed the new wave party with this, their first and best recording.<br />They were really never the same after the deaths of Farndon  and Scott, although later work - particularly Learning to Crawl - was still  good.
B00000JPHD|5.0|This movie is just so damned strange, I can't take my eyes off it.  The bizarre sense of visual composition is just hypnotic, especially in  combination with the creepy (yet Edwardian) music by Glass, performed by  the Kronos Quartet.  It's so eerie that the only other movie it really  reminds me of is /Un Chien Andalou/.  The fact the runtime of this movie is  barely over an hour makes it seem all the more concentrated and odd.
0684874350|5.0|This intimate view into the lives of the impoverished Irish in the early 1900's transports you instantly where the foremost concern is the next  meal.  Yet in the face of daily struggles to fulfill this most basic need,  Frank McCourt writes with a nakedness to the soul where independence, pride  and interpersonal struggles abound.  In the spirit of striving for a better  life, Frank Mccourt struggles with his father's dependence on alcohol and  his mother's co-dependency in a time much changed than our own.  The  story's end comes quickly, but fortunately, there is more in his next tale.
B00001ZULV|4.0|People-<br />This album surely has many of the Genesis songs that I like. But all of the Genesis songs (classics) were left out. They only had two songs  on there with Peter Gabriel. It is still a good compilation for someone who  just likes hits.<br />There should also be a broader range of songs. More than  two-thirds of the songs on there were from &quot;Invisible Touch,&quot; and  &quot;We Can't Dance.&quot; The album was also a tiny bit disgraced with  the edition of &quot;Congo,&quot; from &quot;Calling All Stations&quot; (in  my opinion, worst Genesis album).<br />And where the hell was &quot;Lamb Lies  Down On Broadway?&quot; They could have taken off &quot;Congo&quot; for  that song. This album is only okay!
6300248569|5.0|This version of Pride and Prejudice allows the characters to unfold, true to life, slowly.  The acting by Mr. Rintoul at first seems over-dramatic  and awkward, but soon his character seems grander for the markedness of his  performance.  I would recommend this version for all Jane Austen fans.
B000000I0I|5.0|When I first heard of &quot;Ommadawn&quot;, I'd already become somewhat familiar with &quot;Tubular Bells&quot; from the &quot;Exorcist&quot; ...  just about everyone was playing &quot;Bells&quot;, and as great as THAT  album is, I found myself tiring of it.  One day, while seated in a waiting  room, I picked up a copy of &quot;Stereo Review&quot; magazine and happened  upon the review for &quot;Ommadawn&quot;, which was a new release at that  time.  The review itself didn't impress me, since sometimes a reviewer may  resort to undeserved hyperbole when describing the work of a favored  artist.  What DID stick with me, though, was the phrase  &quot;Ommagawd!!&quot;.  As a result of that, upon my next visit to a  record store (remember those?), I saw &quot;Ommadawn&quot; on the rack,  took a chance, and purchased it.  This was the single BEST purchase I've  EVER made of ANY recording.  If you are an Oldfield neophyte, THIS is the  album to start with!
B000002INJ|5.0|I'd buy this CD for one song and feel I'd got my money's worth. The song: Heart of Steel. Last summer I was in Bosnia for 4 months. I listened to  that song daily on my way there, while there, and on my way home. The song  says &quot;Build a fire a thousand miles away, to light my long way  home.&quot; Now,I was 3 times that far away, and this song helped bring me  home. I also highly recommend &quot;Wheels of FIre&quot;, &quot;Kings of  Metal&quot;, and &quot;Sting of the Bumblebee&quot;. Manowar isn't for  everyone, but it is for adventurers and warriors. Take the risk. Stand and  Fight.
044100590X|4.0|Very good book, but if you don't already know, it is all just one long anti-Jewish, pro-Arab commentary. I don't remember if Herbert acknowleged  this or not; I could be wrong, but I think he did. We are meant to see the  Fremen as Arabs, the Harkonnen as the &quot;evil Jews&quot; (they came to  take the land of the Fremen away from them; they only care about profit;  Baron Harkonnen drinks blood; etc.), the spice is very obviously oil, the  Emperor is the USA. It is a testament to the book's worth that this  less-than-savory inspiration for it nevertheless does not detract from  Dune's overall artistic merit.
B000002UJQ|5.0|If Nirvana's Nevermind and U2's Achtung Baby are the two best albums to come out of the nineties, OK Computer is undoubtedly the third.  While it  lacks the anthemic sweep of The Bends and the Radio-friendly jangle and  bombast of Pablo Honey, it's a work of beauty, emotion, and unbelievable  creativity.  Yorke, Greenwood, &amp; Co. stretch the boundaries of pop  music as far as it can go, achieving the rare feat of being experimental  without being self-indulgent.  Tracks like Airbag and Let Down shimmer and  shake with spaced-out effects and warbly tremelos, yet somehow manage to  still rock.  No Surprises is a beautiful beach boys-esque take on suicide,  and Climbing up the walls is most likely the product of a damaged mind.  I  mean this in a good way.  To be fair, there are places on the album where  the quality of the tunes falls off a bit, but these tracks are saved by  insightful, clever lyrics and musical inventiveness.  Even the weakest  songs on OK Computer (Exit Music and Electioneering) contribute to the  album's theme of isolation in the information age well enough to justify  their place on the LP.  Buy this album--you will not be disappointed.  If  nothing else, this is one of those albums (such as Sgt. Pepper or Dark Side  of the Moon) that everyone should have in their collection.  You won't want  to admit in twenty years that you don't own it.  OK Computer is a must for  any true scholar of rock and roll.
B00000J7JO|1.0|This is the worst RHCP album by far.  Up until One Hot Minute, the Peppers improved with every album.  BSSM is an absolute masterpiece, a funk-rock  explosion.  I have listened to BSSM and Mother's Milk thousands of times.   Californication is dull, boring, and shows little musicianship.  The songs  are grungy sounding and not exciting and driving.  This is Chili Peppers at  their worst.
0891416811|5.0|I read Currahee! for the first time as a teenager in the early 1970s then a second time just after touring Normandy in 1975.  It was then and remains  to this day a historical treasure.  The book motivated me to go on to  become a paratrooper (now a master parachutist.)  Nearly a quarter of a  century later I'm serving as a U.S. Diplomat and Special Forces Reserve  Lieutenant Colonel.  Now living in Europe, I visit the 101st's battlefields  often and try to pass on the lessons of history to my children.  I like to  think that guys like me are carrying on in the spirit of Burgett and his  band of brothers to whom mankind owes a debt of gratitude.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I've loved this movie for years, but was never able to get a hold of a copy of my own.  I even sent my mom to every video store in town to rent a  copy once (while recovering from having my wisdom teeth pulled.)  Now I  just have to hope that it's still available after I wear this copy out!
6302968143|5.0|After one viewing, this movie quickly became a family favorite!  Many dreary afternoons have been saved by this film.
0140013997|5.0|I first read this book in 1979 and was so captured by it that in 1980 I  pack up and went to Corfu. I spent two weeks following the places described  in the book. I kept on reading G. Durrell and I have to credit him for my  travels and my occupation (dog behaviorist). I highly recommend his  writings to every person with a sense of humor and a feel for nature.
079070546X|5.0|This is one of the best Christmas films I've ever seen.  It's hilarious from the word go.  A must see!
B000021XS0|5.0|This is a true mastepiece. I have all of DT's discs and many concept albums and SFAM tops them all. I can't get it out of CD player. If any band  members or producers are reading this-THANKS! Finally another masterpiece.  There hasn't been one since DT's &quot;Images and Words&quot;. Can't wait  see it live. I hope they play it in it's entirety.
6302636779|5.0|Moving, the film stirred me to look out and beyond, as &quot;the nun&quot; is an example of how ones life may be- not always going the way we  pictured, yet you pursue the meaning of Life. Thoughtful and dramatic.
B000021XS0|3.0|I agree with the few other reviewers that have said, 'Just because it's Met. II doesn't automatically qualify it as a classic.'<br />This is a wild,  sometimes-great, but ultimately unfocused effort that does not see the band  heading in what was, until now, a very natural progression - tighter  songwriting, and greater diversity.  This just feels like a 77 minute  free-for-all where your attention drifts off around the middle.  I'll agree  that the first half is REALLY good, but the back end is loaded with  hair-raising musicianship that just outlasts its welcome.  <br />Oh, and the  only way to compensate for the VERY marginal mix is to play it LOUD.<br />This  is good, but as progmetal goes, DT no longer owns this category outright,  and there's other bands out there doing as well, if not better.  Check you  Mayadome and Clockwork...
B000005TQO|5.0|This woman's voice is just incredible and her words are mellow and heartwarming, yet it touches you in that one moment of time where you wish  that you can let go of what you feel, but you know its impossible. Her  music just makes you feel a little more..............La  Solitudine..............
B000001DTM|2.0|Good for U2, but nothing compared to major bands.
B00000JCB2|1.0|What a bad album. Bad lyrics, bad riffs, bad singing.  Hopefully in a couple months everyone will realize that this is not good music and that  the only reason they listen to it, is because they think everyone else is
6303542352|5.0|The trilogy, House of Cards, To Play the King, and The Final Cut is so good it made me change my mind about throwing my television in the  dumpster.  Ian Richardson is remarkable, the casting is supurb and the  story is engrossing.  This is a must see production if contemporary British  political intrigue is up your street.
B000002UAX|5.0|This album, recorded and released in 1968, the year often referred to as the darkest and most violent year of the 1960's, defined the  &quot;double-album&quot; as a vast space for sound experimentation.  It's  influence and effects are still being heard in albums as recent as 1999's  &quot;Fragile&quot; by Nine Inch Nails.  This album sounds as fresh as if  it were recorded in the 1990's, and most of it ROCKS - some places harder  than Black Sabbath or Led Zep, and as hard as some Husker Du, Nirvana, and  Sonic Youth - but that is just a portion of the album.  There are also the  added bonuses of melodic pop and still-mind-blowing experimentation  (starting from ...Me and My Monkey to the very last track, Goodnight, the  tongue-in-cheek-but-gorgeous perfect ending to a long trip through many  styles and moods of music with some harrowing twists towards the end -  Goodnight is the calm after the storm.)  This album exists in its own  atmosphere - it is spacious and spiritual and fun and frightening when  listened to in its entirety, which is the key to unlocking the mysterious  power of this album - just like the Stones' classic &quot;Exile on Main  Street&quot; (1972), the &quot;white album&quot; needs to be listened to in  its entirety while lying down in the dark.  Take my word for it.  People  who dis this album are just judging it song by song, not as the a massive  piece of sonic art that it is.  To The Beatles, it may have been just a  large collection of songs, or a large canvas to experiment on...whatever  their intentions, the finished and perfectly sequenced album took on a life  of its own far greater than even The Beatles must have realized while  recording it.  There are some silly seemingly trite moments, but ultimately  every track fills in a necessary piece of a much larger puzzle. An album of  endless depth and invention. SOME WORDS TO THE TWO PEOPLE (BASED ON THEIR  PATTERNS OF REPEATED SPELLING MISTAKES) THAT KEEP WRITING  &quot;REVIEWS&quot; OF THIS ALBUM AND SLAMMING THE BEATLES AND THEIR FANS -  TO EACH ONE OF YOU:  FOR A PERSON WHO CLAIMS TO DESPISE THE BEATLES SO  MUCH, YOU SURE SPEND AN AWFUL LOT OF TIME AND ENERGY THINKING AND WRITING  ABOUT THEM OVER AND OVER AGAIN.  YOU APPEAR TO BE MORE FIXATED ON THEM THAN  THE BEATLES' BIGGEST FANS.  IF YOU DON'T LIKE 'EM, IGNORE 'EM.  WHY IS IT  SO IMPORTANT TO YOU TO TRY TO CONVINCE PEOPLE THAT THE BEATLES &quot;ARE  NOT ROCK AND ROLL&quot;?  CHILL, AND GO LISTEN TO THE STUFF YOU LIKE.  THE  BEATLES' LEGACY WILL LIVE ON WITH OR WITHOUT YOU.THIS ALBUM AND SLAMMING THE BEATLES AND THEIR FANS -  TO EACH ONE OF YOU:   FOR A PERSON WHO CLAIMS TO DESPISE THE BEATLES SO  MUCH, YOU SURE SPEND AN AWFUL LOT OF TIME AND ENERGY THINKING AND WRITING  ABOUT THEM OVER AND OVER AGAIN.  YOU APPEAR TO BE MORE FIXATED ON THEM THAN  THE BEATLES' BIGGEST FANS.  IF YOU DON'T LIKE 'EM, IGNORE 'EM.  WHY IS IT  SO IMPORTANT TO YOU TO TRY TO CONVINCE PEOPLE THAT THE BEATLES &quot;ARE  NOT ROCK AND ROLL&quot;?  CHILL, AND GO LISTEN TO THE STUFF YOU LIKE.  THE  BEATLES' LEGACY WILL LIVE ON WITH OR WITHOUT YOU.
B00001ZULV|5.0|Finally a greatest hits album. Although it should have been at least two. They must have forgotten about &quot;No Reply at All&quot; and &quot;Never  a Time.&quot;  The new version of &quot;Carpet Crawlers&quot; was worth the  buy alone, because it has the original band memebers reuniting. <br />I do  think they made a mistake by putting on &quot;Congo&quot; which is sung by  the latest lead singer, Ray Wilson. If they were going to put a song from  the album &quot;Calling All Stations&quot; it should have been &quot;Alien  Afternoon.&quot; <br /> All-in-all, this is the must have album of the  year,decade, century, and millenium!
B000002UV9|5.0|There are three Queensryche albums that show off the band's greatness: Operation Mindcrime (one of the best hard rock albums ever), Empire (one of  the smoothest albums I have ever heard), and Promised Land (the peak of the  band's unity and diversity). Relaxing, inspiring, and just generally an  album you will never forget, Empire should be in every music fan's  collection.
1879557541|2.0|The author does not have a gift for writing.  He uses so many sentences to state a fact communicated in one. He's into his vocabulary. I lost the  themes of the book in his redundant phrasing.   I don't know what  competition he had in the Non-Fiction category for  the Pulitzer Prize, but  my guess is the CATEGORY won the prize, not the author and his book. Read  chapter 18, forget the rest.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I was very impressed with this album, and glad they kept the so called rap &quot;music&quot; to a minimum!
B000022TT4|5.0|The first time I saw this video, it doesn't take me that long to fall in love for the music.  I went out and got my self a VHS version, and view it  many time and still do. sound awesome with home theater system. I just  order my self a DVD version, can't wait!!
0060977493|5.0|This Book is the most breathtaking novel i have ever read!
B00000FYIL|5.0|This album is amazing! So rich, so joyful, so painful, so full of life... so Shakespeare. Enjoy it.
B000021XR5|5.0|I just got done listening to the cd, and i have to agree that it is the best rock n roll album that came out all year. Forget about the wannabe  rock bands like limp bizkit. STP knows how to rock, if you think that down  is there only good song you are mistaken. Sour girl, atlanta are all good  songs. So if you have not bought this cd, go out and buy it now!.
6305546789|4.0|I liked this movie alot because it was a old horror movie and because it was from 1978 it was scary now and it was scary then john carpenter is a  master of horror movie and he made halloween and made it very scary
B00000J7S8|5.0|This was my introduction to Diana's music!  All I can say is &quot;WOW&quot;!  I'm ordering all of her CDs today!
B00000JN3F|5.0|these are some of the best old scifi movies i've seen. i love these movies and recommend them
B00000K501|5.0|If there ever was a band that you must see live it would be Rammstein. This video captures one of their shows perfectly. If you've never seen them  live then this is the closest thing. Oh yeah and you should watch it in the  dark if you want to get the full effect.
B000002H33|5.0|This Cd is an incredible dispaly of musical talent!!!  Every single song rocks!!! There best album ever!!! Lars Ulrich is incredible at the drums  and being the last Cd with Cliff, it is the best.  I still think they're  good today, but nothing can compare to &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot;!!!
B000002JB8|5.0|I first heard this CD played at a meditation I was attending.  I went out and bought the recording straight away.  Since then I have listened to it  so many times and it has a completely relaxing effect on me.  I play it a  lot when  I am doing my art work.  I think this is a CD you will never get  tired of hearing.
B00000K0E5|4.0|It is diffcult to argue with success and Pierce Brosnan'sdebut as James Bond, after the character's 6 year absence from the screen, made more money than any of the previous Bonds (although perhaps not in 60s dollars).<br />Every Bond actor seems to bring something to the role.  Connery, of course, was the epitome of 60s cool.  Dalton had Connery's determination, Moore his sense of comic delivery - even Lazenby brought a physicality to the role.  Brosnan moves extremely well, too, and I suppose is the cloest thing to the well-rounded Connery interpretation, although I am not a great Brosnan fan.  <br />My big problem with this film (besides the music) is the screenplay.  So many of what are supposed to be witty remarks make no sense as replies to Bond (Example - Bond: What would I do without you, Moneypenny?  Moneypenny: As far as I can remember, you've never had me. - This seems a ridiculous thing to say when someone is complimenting you.)  And I don't like how the \\"9 years later\\" legend on the screen seems to invalidate the Dalton films.  And that opening stunts.  Other Bond stunts may be implausible, but skydiving after a plane that's jist gone off a cliff??<br />While I am happy the filmmakers try to tell us something new about Bond (that reference to Bond's parents is a first for the series and right out of Fleming), this idea of 006 being Bond's best friend, No, no - the 00s never work together.  Never.  MI6 could not afford to lose 2 high caliber agents at the same time.  It is good to see the character of Chief of Staff Bill Tanner (previously in THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN GUN and FOR YOUR EYES ONLY) included.<br />This special DVD is really the same as the previous laserdisc release, but since it is supposed to be \\"special\\" it would have been nice if photos of Brosnan being on the set of FOR YOUR EYES ONLY (his wife was in that film) had been included.  It also would have been nice if Brosnan's Diet Coke commercials, obviously Bond themed and airing when he lost the role in 1986 to Timothy Dalton, could have been included.
B000002NFM|3.0|I am a pretty big prodigy fan, but this latest album is too much pop for me to handle.  If you want classic prodigy, get the singles from the  &quot;experience&quot; album, especially &quot;charly&quot;.  I remember  reading somewhere that the next prodigy album will be a lot more drum an  bass, so I can only pray.  If you want my opinion of the best techno, get a  cd by orbital, juno reactor, boards of canada, or aphex twin.  Good techno  sounds better with age (BOC and aphex twin)
B00000K0EA|3.0|The new DVD of TOMORROW NEVER DIES is really the previouslyreleased Special Edition from last year.  The plot is almost a direct steal from 1977's THE SPY WHO LOVED ME, which in itself is a major re-working of 1967's YOU ONLY LIVE TWICE.  David Arnold is the first Bond composer, other than John Barry, to return to the series (he's the composer for this year's THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH), although perhaps he uses the Bond Theme a little too much.  I am disappointed that k. d. lang's song Surrender was relegated to the end credits.  Since Arnold uses this theme as a motif throughout the film, Arnold obviously intended it to be the title song.  I don't care for the Sheryl Crow song and had to utilize the English subtitles to understand the lyrics.  This writing the title song after the score is complete, and penned by a different composer, is a mistake in the series, starting with LICENCE TO KILL
6302902010|2.0|I only want to see the original version.  I have seen live performances and remakes, but none can compare.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|I actually taped off my brother's CD, cos I don't like all there songs; because I'm not the world's biggest Offspring fan.But the CD is really  great, their best one I'm sure, since it does have their hit single  &quot;Pretty Fly For A White Guy&quot; and other of my favorites  &quot;She's Got issues&quot; and &quot;The KIds Aren't All RIght.&quot;   And I've also become fond of &quot;HAve You Ever&quot;, &quot;No  Brakes&quot;, &quot;Why Don't You Get a Job?&quot; and &quot;Starin' At the  Sun&quot;.  But &quot;Pay the Man&quot; and &quot;End of the Line&quot;  reek.  I like &quot;Walla,Walla&quot;, but the chorus drives be nuts so I  didn't tape it.  Oh, and if they were to call their CD anything it should  be anything but &quot;Americana&quot;, cos the song is stupid, in my  opinion, of course.  But I do recommend you buy the CD or tape, and I also  reccomend you watch MTV for the video &quot;SHe's Got Issues&quot; and  &quot;Pretty Fly&quot;  They're the best videos, especially &quot;She's GOt  Issues&quot;
6302642256|4.0|I'm so glad I bought a copy when my teenagers were little, now I loan it out to friends with young children. They really enjoy it! Would be fun to  see on the big screen...Disney, what do you think?
068484267X|4.0|I find that the book's real value lay in the perspective from which the story is told.  I don't believe McCourt meant this to be a &quot;poor  little me&quot; book, but simply as a synopsis of the emotional and  intellectual development of a young boy, who just happened to be Irish, and  who's quality of life happened to be pretty damn awful.  Much of his  childhood development is very transferrable to most men, regardless of  their upbringing.  This is what I will remember most about this book, not  his worthless father or abhorrent living conditions.
B00000DGUG|1.0|Alanis hasn't changed one bit since Jagged Little Pill. She still can't sing and her music has absolutely no purpose. I supposed being ticked off  is a rwason to put out music. At least the folk artists knew how to write  songs that meant something. These songs tackle no issues of importance.  Please Alanis, stop releasing music and take the money and run.
B0000041Q3|2.0|I do not understand all the hype about this set. No doubt the media have fueled the Pavarotti fire. However, the tenor from Modena will return to  his actual size after you have listened to Franco Corelli in the EMI set.  Enough said about Sutherland as Turandot -beautiful voice, but fish out of  water. Caballe is at her prime here, though, raising my rating to a grand  total of 2 stars instead of 1.  Go get Nilsson/Molinari-Pradelli's !!
B0000025SB|4.0|Roger Waters may have written &quot;The Wall&quot; in its almost entirety, but you hear a full band playing.<br />But on this album, it sounds like one  man at work.<br />He may have a chip on hi shoulder the size of England, but  Waters pretty much crafted a very listenable album that not everybody finds  appealing. It's emotion drips like candle wax, so don't play it at parties  or get togethers. The Final Cut is a good album, but it's hardly a Pink  Floyd album in my opinion.
0790729636|4.0|This is the best sounding 5.1 channel DVD that I have heard so far! The thunderstorms sound like the real thing and the dialog is always crisp and  clear. This disc includes both widescreen and full screen versions of the  movie. Unfortunately, there aren't any good special features on this disc  (thats why only 4 stars instead of 5). I would have liked to have seen some  behind the scenes info. This film has stunning visual effects and it would  be nice to watch the computer art gurus in action! Even without special  features, this disc is worth the money. It will squeeze every drop of  performance out of your home theater!
B00000K31V|2.0|Everyone who worked on this film has a solid track record of delivering on their promise.  The film had a great premise and started out with the  correct amount of suspense.  At some point it lost me.  Maybe it was when  the sexual innuendoes with the game station went from subtle, to obvious,  to absurd.  Maybe it was when I realized that the actors weren't just  acting like they were acting bad, but really were acting bad.  Maybe it was  when the retarded dialog finally got to me or the fact that the movie was  clearly written by someone who has no idea how computers really work.<br />I  really wanted to like the film but couldn't shake the feeling that  Cronenburg initially had some very interesting things to say, and made a  great film.  He then took it too the studio which said, &quot;4 hours are  you nuts?  Cut it down to two hours.&quot;<br />To which David replied,  &quot;But then I won't have all the time I need to explain my interesting  philosophy with a ripped off name.&quot;<br />&quot;Well just keep the scenes  with Jennifer Jason Leigh's butt.  I think we can market that.&quot;
0780626966|5.0|I can't believe they did all of the films at once but thank god they did. This has been the best investment to DVD since the actual player! The  picture quality on every one of the films is PERFECT! This is DVD at it's  best! I have been a fan of the series since I was three and saw the third  film. For years I had to put up with copy after copy of part 2,3 and 5  being flawed in quality(NO MORE!!!). THe films have never been remastered  in quality until now finally they are perfect, all of them. I would have  payed five hundred dollars for this set. Thank you New line.
B00001OH7N|5.0|What did I expect from this CD, supposedly David's &quot;heavy metal&quot; album?  Not much, really.  I had heard the title track before and liked it,  but I had expected it to be a diamond in the rough.  Boy, was I wrong.   From the first few minutes of &quot;The Width Of A Circle,&quot; I knew I  would like it.  &quot;The Width Of A Circle&quot; is a wonderfully  sickening (and I really DO mean this in a good way) little 8-minute ditty  which has been given me images that have been stuck in my head for days.   And then comes the best of the best: &quot;All The Madmen.&quot;  From the  opening &quot;Day after day...&quot; all the way to the refrain of  &quot;Zane, Zane, Zane, Ouvre Le Chien&quot; at the end, this is the best  Bowie song EVER!  All of you that might argue with &quot;Ziggy  Stardust&quot; or &quot;Changes&quot; or whatever you may have, listen to  this, and your minds will be changed.  Why is it the best Bowie song ever?   Just listen to it, you'll discover why.  On to &quot;Black Country  Rock,&quot; a pseudo mantra with a great riff in the background.  Not much  for lyrics, but good listening nonetheless.  &quot;After All&quot; is a  depressing little number, sounding not much unlike a funeral procession.   Mercifully, it was put in the middle, so the album suffers little.   &quot;Running Gun Blues&quot; would make nice background music for  &quot;Full Metal Jacket&quot; if Stanley Kubrick had listened to David  Bowie instead of air traffic controllers at Heathrow.  One of those  &quot;kill 'em all&quot; numbers, popularized nowadays in rap songs.  He  really was influential, wasn't he?  It's a good listen, but a bit buried by  the rest.  &quot;Saviour Machine&quot; could have been a &quot;Twilight  Zone&quot; episode.  It's more of a tale then a song, but it's good either  way.  &quot;She Shook Me Cold&quot; is probably the reason this is known as  his &quot;heavy metal&quot; album.  Mick Ronson puts himself through the  ringer on this one.  Dave's tale of some kind of sadomasochistic encounter,  one that ought to make guitarist bow down and worship Mick Ronson as a  messiah (a &quot;leper messiah, if you will).  &quot;The Man Who Sold The  World&quot; is a nice song, which has been covered to great success twice.   The first was by few-hit wonder Lulu (&quot;To Sir With Love,&quot;  &quot;The Man With The Golden Gun&quot;--the songs, not the movies), and it  became her biggest British hit.  The second was by rock-legend Kurt Cobain,  who performed it live on &quot;MTV's Unplugged&quot; and on the last  Nirvana album.  Aside from the covers, though, the song is great, with the  music staying in your head for days.  And finally, &quot;The  Supermen.&quot;  With a guitar riff borrowed from none other then a 17-year  old JIMMY PAGE (who David met in one of his early pre-fame bands, the  Mannish Boys), this one'll be remembered for it's music more then it's  lyrics.  And it's final outro provides a great coda for the album (which  lacked on the 1990 Ryko version, where it was followed by  &quot;Bombers,&quot; a bonus track).  This album was, for some reason, left  out of most reviewers minds.  In a recent listing of Bowie's Top 12, it  wasn't even close.  But trust me on this one, his other albums may be  FAMOUS, this this one is a CLASSIC.
0060931671|5.0|Sure, some people like some books and some like others, but anyone who claims that this book is simply unreadable or that you can appreciate it  only on some high literary plain has cheese for brains.<br />This book is  totally readable and extremely entertaining.  It is funny, irreverent, and  outrageous.  It is true that Pynchon is brilliant and that the point of the  book won't be grasped by everyone (although &quot;ungraspable&quot; cannot  be true, because people have grasped it and they're not lying), but a  simpler, surface-reading of this book is easy and fun.<br />If you &quot;can't  read it,&quot; you can't read.
B000002N3N|5.0|I would to to say to everyone who is even thinking of buying this CD of Enya's, do it!  She is so great and this CD is absolutely beautiful! I am  listening to is right now! I  bought it from Amazon and I really love it!   Enya you are something else, keep bringing us the music that touches our  lives so deeply!
6303014100|2.0|This would be a lot better movie if it wasn't so long.  There is only so much violent warfare that I can take in one sitting, and this movie has  about one hour more than my limit.  The movie is also a lot more  sympathetic to the North than the South.  This movie certainly makes me  glad that I didn't have to participate in the Civil War.
014028009X|5.0|I fell in love with Bridget and her many ups and downs. Laughed out loud with delight during many passages! I heartily recommend this book.
0767802659|2.0|If you go for action and violence you'll probably like this movie.  On the other hand, if you think plot and acting are important, you better look  elsewhere.  This is one of the most violent popular movies I have seen.
0451194861|5.0|I just finished reading Wizard and Glass for the second time and I was truly amazed.  I couldn't put it down even though I knew exactly what  happened.  Stephen King's &quot;side trip&quot; into Roland's past was so  needed and put together so well, it reawakened my yearnings for Dark Tower  V . . . only now I want it even more.  By far one of the best books I have  ever read.  I would recommend this book to every Stephen King fan, every  person I know who likes to read and to everyone else just for good measure!
6302906636|1.0|You've got to be into deep fantasy to enjoy this movie.
6302902010|3.0|I haven't seen it in some years.. Therefore I must refrain from saying too much..  I too am waiting for the 50's movie to come out on video.. One of  my favorite movies.. Put my name on the anxiously waiting list..
6305076626|1.0|This silly attempt at a spoof is a total waste of time.  I had a hard time staying awake during it and would rather retake a chemistry final than  watch it again.  Close your eyes and pick a random movie off the shelf of  Blockbuster -- the chances are 99% that it will be better.
B000001FKY|5.0|This is my favourite Def Leppard album of all-time!! There is no doubt with me..Steve Clark was one of the most talented guitar players ever. His  riffs are probably  better than anyone's.   I think &quot;Women&quot; is an  awesome song(and a great video too), and perfect to open for the record.  The whole first side contains some of the best songs in rock history..not  just in metal! Tunes like &quot;Animal&quot;, &quot;Pour Some Sugar On  Me&quot;, &quot;Armageddon It&quot; and &quot;Rocket&quot; will have you  singing along and throwing your hands in the air. Though a little less hard  rock than my other favourite, &quot;Pyromania&quot;,the blended pop on  &quot;Hysteria&quot; works better than I expected it to. &quot;Gods of  War&quot; makes a statement and had me dancing and hitting repeat on the cd  player...while &quot;Love and Affection&quot; had me doing the same. :)   &quot;Love Bites&quot; is , in my opinion, the best power ballad from the  '80's. The title track, &quot;Hysteria&quot;, is one of their best, and a  total favourite of mine too. The mid-tempo richness, coupled with it's  ballad-like sound are perfect. The lyrics on it are very romantic....just  like many of Leppard's slower songs. Def Leppard are masters at what they  do..and picking up a copy of &quot;Hysteria&quot; is picking up a guarantee  for fun and excitement..as well as very well-written and produced songs.
B000021XS0|5.0|Like many other concept albums, Metropolis II will get much better as time progresses. Similarly to Shadow Gallery's Tyranny, there is too much to  digest on this album to review it fairly this soon. Well, I couldn't wait.  <br />I have to admit, I was pretty disappointed with Falling Into Infinity.  Having a classical music background, I have always enjoyed compositions  more than songs, of which, aside from a few flashes of brilliance, FII was  primarily a collection.<br />This album fits what I have always thought a band  like this was capable of creating. It creates a strong musical theme, and  even though it does take it's structure through some tempo-related and  melodic twists and turns, it always stays true to it. Many people call  these albums pretentious, about which, unless it would stop great prog  bands from continuing these trends, I couldn't care less.<br />Well done,  Dream Theater, please continue travelling down this route. Your fans will  definitely follow.
B00000IPAX|1.0|This is one you'll definitely find on the 99 cent bargain rack at Wal-Mart pretty soon. But don't give that much for it.
B000002OVJ|5.0|After buying Live at Leeds I found that The Isle of Wight recording is the same thing with an almost complete Tommy(what another version of the  Beast),but Isle lacks the sheer punch of Leeds and was less of a concert  than a party.
B00000ILBK|5.0|Not the best Star Trek Film.  However a real Next Generation Story.  Keep It Up
B00001QGPR|5.0|David Bowie's &quot;hours...&quot; is a tremendously-good album.  It is easily the best collection of songs he has released since his &quot;Scary  Monsters&quot; days, and there's not a single track here that is weak.  But  even so, be warned -- it's not an easy album to get into at first.  The  music is both subtle and reserved -- lacking his trademark eccentricity --  and so it's tempting to dismiss the songs either as 'dull', or as 'bland',  or as 'toss-offs' upon superficial inspection (as many apparently have  done).  Only after multiple listenings will the beauty, richness, and depth  of Bowie's musical (as well as lyrical) concepts be revealed.  And then the  album becomes compulsively listenable.<br />So, what are the concepts here?   To begin with, it's not to chart the story of the archetypal nihilist as  Bowie has so often done (as in &quot;Aladdin Sane&quot;, &quot;Station to  Station&quot;, &quot;Outside&quot;, &quot;Ziggy Stardust&quot;, &quot;The  Man Who Sold the World&quot;, or &quot;Diamond Dogs&quot;); rather, it's to  explore the feelings and issues one faces upon the frightening realization  that most of a lifetime has passed by -- that youth cannot be retrieved.   What Bowie wants is not to indulge in telling us about his own mid-life  crisis, but to present universal concerns; he wants us to explore our  values, dreams, hopes, choices, disappointments, definitions of beauty,  abilities, inabilities, regrets, romances, missed opportunities... and  everything else we use as excuses in our lives.  He is warning us that  we've got &quot;seven days to live [our lives] or seven ways to die&quot;  -- so we'd better start trying to figure out what's really important.<br />And  in the spirit of 'life analysis', Bowie musically analyzes his career from  the compositional-vantage of a mellowed, middle-aged man.  We get tastes of  the spacey-acoustic-ness of his earliest albums (in &quot;Survive&quot; and  &quot;Seven&quot;), the avant-techno synthesizersand esoteric compositions  of his Berlin-trilogy (in &quot;New Angels of Promise&quot;,  &quot;Brilliant Adventure&quot;, &quot;What's Really Happening?&quot;, and  &quot;The Dreamers&quot;), the aggression of &quot;Outside&quot; and  &quot;Earthling&quot; (in &quot;The Pretty Things are Going to Hell&quot;),  and even a little of his 'plastic-soul' coolness shows up (in  &quot;Something in the Air&quot;).  Yet it would be inaccurate to say that  Bowie is simply repeating himself, or even duplicating the sounds of his  past, here.  Instead, he merges a full-range of musical styles, and gives  us a more-holistic sound and a more-mature perspective than ever before.   He allows his voice to have a rawness -- sometimes verging on weepiness it  seems -- greater than in anything since, well, &quot;The Man Who Sold the  World&quot;.  And, for once, the guitar-work of the usually obtuse Reeves  Gabrels shows diversity and restraint -- one listen to his solo on  &quot;Something in the Air&quot; and you will know what I mean.<br />In the  end, Bowie has made an album that brings us on a journey through universal  fears, hopes, regrets, and (thus) life.  Because of its introspective  nature and melancholy tone, the appeal of &quot;hours...&quot; will be  limited.  Those wanting to find another feel-good album like &quot;Let's  Dance&quot;, or an aggressive album in the vain of &quot;Earthling&quot;,  or anything with the cynical world-view of, say, &quot;Ziggy  Stardust&quot;, will likely turn away from this one.  Most likely, the fans  of his work on &quot;Low&quot;, &quot;'Heroes'&quot;, and  &quot;Lodger&quot; will be pleased.<br />Whatever the case though,  &quot;hours...&quot; offers music layered with melody, thoughtful lyrics,  creativity, variety, and class.  It is one of the best albums in David  Bowie's magnificent career... and give it time to sink in (perhaps a few  &quot;hours...&quot;) if you're not convinced at first.
B00000K29E|5.0|These 1966 recordings sound much more folky, and soft than Big Brother's later albums.  More subdued and punctual than the loose, heavily amplified  BBHC I am used to hearing. Even gently psychedelic in a Lewis Carroll sort  of way.  &quot;All Is Loneliness&quot; is Janis at her most haunting.   My  mother got this album on record when it came out, and I listened to it  often throughout my younger years.  But now that I am older, I kind of  stole it from her.  I flipped when I saw the new reissue Cd in the store.    A must buy for any Janis fan.
0788803743|5.0|This is Disney's best movie ever. John and Pocahontas love is so sweet and true. And very forbidden because of some peoples prejustice. And I think  that many people don't like this movie because they have the same  prejustices as Governor Racliff (The bad guy). This movie is beautiful  made, has great music and a fabulous plot. John Smith are make so beautiful  that one can not help but fall in love with him at first sight. As  Grandmother Willow says: &quot; He has a clean spirit. And he is handsome,  too.&quot; People will remember this movie and it will make a ever lasting  impression on everyone when the love ones are forced to part because of the  hate in other peoples hearts who can not see that ALL people are created  equal and have the same rights NO matter their colour.  If you don't cry  for John and Pocahontas in the end of the movie then you must have a heart  of stone.
B000002KO3|2.0|A couple of great songs, but also signs of the downward spiral to come.  It's weird.  You can't exactly blame David Byrne for his world music record  collection, but he's a white boy, in fact about as whitebread as they come,  and Brazilian and African influences end up just leaving him a tourist,  disconnected from his roots but showing off all the exotic stamps he's  picked up on his luggage.  In a certain sense he should have stuck to  &quot;Psycho Killer&quot; and then the gleefully fake funk of &quot;More  Buildings and Food.&quot;  Too many guest musicians [too many pros] and it  ends up more and more distant from real feeling, more and more thought-out,  unspontaneous and overintellectualized.  [Of course Eno has also had  something like this problem, on his &quot;songs.&quot;]<br />If I want to  listen to Brazilian music I'll put on Caetano Veloso or Maria Bethania;  African I might go for King Sunny or Ali Farka Toure.  Not, for God's sake,  David Byrne.  <br />He should have stuck to his roots.  Even if it meant  redoing the first Modern Lovers album a couple of times.  It might have  been great.
6303823351|5.0|I went to the show with some little neighbor friends when I was 8 years old to see this movie. They went home after one showing.  I stayed the  afternoon and then walked home at dinner time.  Yes, in those days kids  could walk the streets without being afraid of winding up on a milk  carton.<br />I can still remember the thrill of seeing this movie - the  screaming in the movie theatre, mine included, when &quot;they&quot; first  appeared on the screen.  The Beatles, their gorgeous faces, their long  hair, their magical music.  What a magical time it was.  The grass was  greener, the sky was bluer, the world was more beautiful, and The Beatles  were ours!  Well...at least we thought they were.
0375707972|1.0|Uhh..predictable and dull
0792151712|4.0|I will start out saying why I gave this movie four starsinstead of five.  &quot;Titanic&quot; could have been a masterpiece. And it almost was.  BUT, the excessive use of profanity in this film was ridiculous.  And having Rose use profanity was not in keeping with the times.  A lady of her social standing and upbringing would have NEVER used language like she did. The other thing is the sex.  A young lady of good upbringing, like Rose, during that era, would have NEVER had sex with a man on a ship that she met only 4 days earlier, no matter how in-love she thought she was. They would have had Rose either committed to an asylum, or worse!  James Cameron would have had a masterpiece IF he would have kept with the times in those situations. Having Jack and Rose sneak down to the car and neck alittle would have been much more believable. <br />I was already a Titanic buff before this movie.  I watched and bought the A&amp;E documentary in 1995. James Cameron told the true story of what happened on the Titanic, and many of the actual conversations.  You can recognize so many little details if you know something about the Titanic disaster before you see this movie. Except for the fictitious central characters, this is THE true story of what happened to and on the Titanic.
B000006045|5.0|WOW....I feel inspired to do something great with my life.  How about listening to Mezzanine everyday?
0486268659|5.0|I think this book should be made compulsory reading in schools. It is defiantly one of the great classics. It is timeless, it is still as good  today as the day it was first released. I have read few books that would  match up to this one. This book can be read by all ages and by people in  all warps off life and can be enjoyed by all. I would recommend this book  to any one and hope that all have the satisfaction of reading it.
0688158234|5.0|Waris took me with her back in time.  I felt as though it was happening to me.  I could feel her pain and suffering.  A life of any female child is  hard, but this was something I could never have imagined in a million  years.  The strength and courage it took to tell her story, can never be  imagined.  When I read the part about her FGM, I had to run to the  bathroom, to keep from messing up my bed.  This book shows that the plight  of women have a long, long way to go, to be changed.  At a young age she  worked harder than most retired adults have ever worked.  It seems as  though a lot of men are the same all over the world, no care about a woman  except what they can get from her.  The way her Aunt in London treated her,  seemed to give her cousin permission to molest her.  Was she safe anywhere?   Not at home with her mother, father, and siblings, and most definately not  on the road looking for her family.  She did not have a safe haven with her  other relatives.  It took a stranger to let her see that everybody was not  the same.  One day, all women will be free like  men, but until that day,  more women like Waris must come forward and tell their story, no matter how  disturbiing it is.  Women and especially men must see the injustice that is  being done on a daily basis.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Athough the pumpkins are very popular I would say this cd is still underrated but real fans no whats up!
B00000I9MK|5.0|The comparisons between Belle &amp; Sebastian and The Beatles should begin and end with: they're both from the U.K.  The more  obvious comparison  would be between the aforementioned Belle &amp; Sebastian and the early  work of The Smiths.  Both groups  have a knack for encapsulating the human  condition into entertaining vignettes which serve both to amuse and  enlighten.  The other  obvious comparison to The Smiths is the divisiveness  with which their music is met.  Simply put: you love it or hate it.  If you   have half a head on your shoulders you'll purchase yourself a copy of  &quot;Tigermilk&quot;.
B000031WD9|5.0|This was the best movie I have ever seen!  It was great!  It was really funny too.  Everyone should see this movie.  Everyone I'm sure can relate  to this movie.  We've all been there before.
B00000G3PA|2.0|If you took all of the impending world disaster movies made during the last half-century and mixed them all up in a giant vat, the result would be  this big-budget loser; the cinematic equivalent of that organic chemical  substance that suposedly produced the earliest lifeforms about two billion  years ago in the Pre-Cambrian era.  The fate of the world is left in the  hands of a bunch of undereducated oil drillers who appear to be World  Wrestling Federation rejects.  How could these flesh and blood versions of  the Transformers complete astronaut training in less than two weeks when in  reality, it takes the brightest of candidates many months?  Just put aside  your education, logic, and common sense for about two and a half hours and  try to stay awake to see this film whose only qualities that earned two  stars are its special effects (they appear to be borrowed from Independence  Day) and its musical score.
B000021XR5|4.0|It would appear that Weiland's work with Limp Bizkit jarred his memory and STP has put out their first full rock album since Purple.  It's nice to see  them back in form even though they won't be able to tour.
B00001ZULV|3.0|For those who think Phil Collins WAS Genesis, this is the CD for you.  The ``Invisible Touch'' album started Collins' desire to solo and put Banks and  Rutherford as able sidemen - consequently, five of the eight songs from the  album are represented here.  Granted, they are ``hits,'' but if you take  the perspective that the disc is to cater to the masses (as opposed to the  long-time fans), Atlantic Records wins.  I think if it were made a  double-disc and had some of the older stuff inclusive, it would have worked  better.  The edited versions of ``Mama'' and ``Abacab'' are inexcusable,  though time restraints prevented the full versions from being represented -  another reason for a 2-disc package.  Also, aside from the noted omissions  (``No Reply,'' ``Paperlate,'' etc.), you can make a case for ``The Lamb  Lies Down on Broadway,'' ``In The Cage'' (a concert favorite), ``Your Own  Special Way'' and even just an excerpt from ``Supper's Ready'' (How about  the ``Willow Farm'' portion?).  Bottom line:  excellent disc for the Phil  Collins generation, barely passable for the diehard Genesis fan who doesn't  have to look up whom Anthony Phillips was.
6305171769|4.0|I did like this movie but two problems. 1.  Since when was Michel Myers her brother? 2.  In the beginning it shows her year book picture saying she  is a 1978 graduate.  If the first murders took place October 31, 1978 she  would have graduated June 1979 not 1978.<br />The movie company should be  fined for screwing that up so bad.   But I did enjoy the movie.
0767002652|5.0|This set is wonderful because it contains episodes that weren't originally shown on PBS and some of my favorites.  Upstairs, Downstairs is one of the  best TV dramas ever made. The writing, directing, and acting are amazing.  These episodes are early, but the themes, ideas, fascinating stories and  characters begin here.
B000000WCV|5.0|Homework displays an funky, cool beat that justs gets you moving when you listen. It's some of the best techno you can hear. If you're into techno  this album is awesome. Surely it's worth buying. It's  Worth the money  !!!!!
0440213525|5.0|You were  always on the edge of your chair.  It was one of those books you could not put down. READ THIS BOOK.  It is the best I could go on and on  about how good the book was
0964385619|4.0|The first 49 pages of this book were very redundant!  Nevertheless, after that hump, the book started to rock and roll, causing me to realize that I  can create a lifestyle for myself through financial knowledge and income  producing assets.  Great message, great book, time to apply the principles.   I highly recommend the book!
B000002KGT|5.0|A rock music classic.  Extremely well done.  An essential piece of a great music collection.
B00000JCB2|5.0|A kick azz CD. go and get it. you wont be dissapointed. the best tracks are break stuff, i'm broke, 9 teen 9 nine, n 2 gether now, trust?, Show me  what you got and track 16. just indulge yourself and spend the money.  thanks for listening to me blab. get three dollar bill yall$
B0000025KI|5.0|The River is complete reflection and interpretation of the transition period in the United States in the late 70's.  Lryics of hopefulness,  despair, and yearning adorn this complex musical collection make this one  of the great American pop albums and a must-have.
0783227272|2.0|This isn't a good movie. As Spanish I  don't complaint of the cruelty of other Spanish of past centuries. No doubt they were as bad as the movie  presents and much more, but also they were usually much better sailors and  fighters than currently is show, and masters to mock hypocrital British  blockade. For the really interested I strongly recommend two master  adventure novels by Pio Baroja a superb author well liked by Hemingway that  almost won the Nobel prize. These are titled &quot;Adventures of Captain  Chimista&quot; and &quot;Pilots of high Seas&quot; both written about 1900,  and you really will know that truly Spanish fearless trafficant of slaves -  between other many  illegal and inmoral bussines- used to do withouth  censorship. Of course as all other colonial countries. Read these and  forgot this sugared comedy.
0780624890|1.0|this was one of the worst flics I have seen.  I hope Stephen Dorff never lowers himself to do this in another movie.
0451198670|1.0|There's a difference between making love and what she said.  There was no romance or sensuality.  I was looking for something that draws you into the  story, but I definitely didn't find it.
B000002VTE|5.0|If this album doesn't make you catch your breath a few times, then you had better check your pulse.
6304083777|5.0|&quot;Ghost in the Shell&quot; is a movie which should be seen many times over to grasp its full content and hidden implications.  It also has  incredible animation and action scenes, but it is the complexity of the  plot and the masterful incorporation of metaphor and symbolism (very rarely  successful in movies) which truly make it a work of art. For anyone who  writes it off, dig a little deeper...
6304681011|3.0|I first saw this film in the early seventies on some late night Creature Features-type of show and was immediately enraptured by its creepy  atmosphere.  Everything about it from Candace Hilligoss' quirky performance  to the ethereal organ music made for a genuinely frightening experience.   In short &quot;Carnival of Souls&quot; is a genuine classic.<br />I just saw  it again last night on Public Broadcasting, if you can believe it, where  they were showing a new print with stereophonic sound and something called  SuperPsychorama.  And while I have always been a fan of technical  improvements in film technology.  SuperPsychorama is definitely NOT an  improvement.  It was like watching a bad acid trip, replete with retinal  trails.  The people responsible for this even tint the film a sickly green  during the parts where Candace &quot;slips&quot; back into the deadworld.   What hokum!  The film is much better in its original form without this  blatant gimmick.  I would've given this film 5 stars, otherwise.<br />I have  heard that this is a &quot;Director's Cut&quot; and that there are seven  minutes of additional footage added back in.  I did notice some different  things, and I would love it if someone would put this film out on DVD with  the extra footage.  But PLEASE get rid of the bogus effects!
B00000JGOH|4.0|Hmm ... I find it hard to believe that any normal, educated person didn't like this film.  Not only was it written by Tom Stoppard, the genius behind  ROSENCRANTZ &amp; GUILDENSTERN ARE DEAD, but it contains so many  Shakespearian in-jokes, so many Shakesperian allusions, so many great  one-liners that those who didn't like it either weren't paying attention,  or just didn't get it.
0393317552|4.0|Excellent explanation of how certain societies overtook the world.  I judge my books by my desire to discuss it with other people.  Guns, Germs,  and Steel make it into all my dinner conversations.  My only complaint is  that the end of the book gets a little slow
0880389052|5.0|As I expected, this book absolutely stunned me. The eerie beauty of drow is well brought out and every character here deserves to have a book  written about him/her. Drizzt Do'Urden hasn't been my favourite creature in  the Realms, but after reading the first book of the trilogy, I put him on  top of the list and started adding the next two books to my shopping  cart...
6305531374|2.0|Routine, boring, unfeasable, money grabbing. We dont see Micheal's face and he still never says a word or says why hes psychotic.<br />A Good film for  insomnia
0140281622|5.0|I get personally offended when I read reviews accusing this masterpiece of being &quot;boring.&quot;  I suppose if one is extremely uneducated, this  towering drama of American restlessness can seem boring, but if one is that  uneducated, one should stick with Mary Higgins Clark.  Steinbeck isn't  difficult stuff, people.  The language is far from that horribly stuffy  Charles Dickens crap; rather, it's closer in style and elegant simplicity  to the pinnacle of 19th-century American literature, Mark Twain.  The  dialogue is NOT trite, it's sparse.  The descriptive passages are NOT  monotonous, they're stark and yet detailed.  The plot is NOT far-fetched,  it's based on a journey undertaken by thousands of discontented  pilgrims.<br />I will not go so far as to call this work the Greatest American  Novel, or even the Greatest American Novel of the Twentieth Century.  It's  up there, without a doubt, if only because of its social influence and the  underbelly that it exposes.  But in addition to being one of the GREATEST  books, it is also one of the BEST books.  It's genuinely  interesting...gripping...engaging.  I read it a few years ago, I think  during the summer between the 10th and 11th grades, and I could barely put  it down.  It's one of those rare novels: a page-turner, yet with prose  sometimes delicious enough to roll through your imagination a few times,  savoring the language composition.  And after you've finished reading, you  find that the novel has left you profoundly affected.<br />So it's not just a  Great Book; it's a really really good book as well.  It's powerful, it's  enjoyable on every level.  Read it and be changed.
0618001905|5.0|If you want to know why Africans dislike the Western world read this book,it show how one man can distroy a country and why the Congo is in the  condition it is in now.
B000002PF4|5.0|For those who thought it impossible, this CD is the cherry on top of Aja. Each cut is a tasty little world unto itself; each compelling in its own  flavor; each tied to the rest by its pungent reflection of the times in  which we live. The guitar in particular, both rhythm and solo, are so  pristine (we're able to hear picks across strings especially well on  Glamour Profession and My Rival) and well conceived as to be fascinating.  None but Donald Fagen's voice would fit so perfectly. Gaucho is Steely Dan  at its zenith. Sublime! This is the pop CD I'd put in a time capsule as a  gift to future listeners.
B00000IARU|5.0|The DCC release of &quot;Blue&quot; is the most incredibly beautiful and detailed &quot;high end&quot; audio CD I own. The natural fidelity and  delicate rendering of string instruments and, of course, her voice, is well  worth the additional cost for long time fans. Note for example the  acappella intro to the title track &quot;Blue&quot; at the end of which you  can actually hear her lift her foot from the sustain pedal of the piano!     Aside from the beautiful audio, the songs themselves stand the test of time  as her best effort ever and one of the greatest albums of all time both  from a lyical and performance standpoint.
B000002IGP|5.0|THE FIRST TIME I EVER HEARD OF RATT WAS WHEN I ALSO WAS IN JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL. THEY WERE ON TOP OF THE LIST ALONG WITH  SCORPIONS,QUIET RIOT,  OZZY,JUDSA PREIST,DOKKEN ECT... THEY WERE ONE OF THE BEST BANDS THAT CAME  OUT OF THE 1980'S. IF YOU LIKE THE 80'S HEAVY METAL, THIS IS THE ALBUM THE  BUY.LISTEN TO THIS AND IT WILL BRING YOU BACK TO THE 80'S.
034538072X|5.0|Ms. Weir describes the lives of Henry's six wives along with a good portrayal of the nature of their various successes and failures, and how  they entered into the history of his life, the history of the church, and  the history of personal lives of the time.  Very enjoyable.  Informative.  Interesting reading.
B00000IMCW|5.0|As many others have said before, this is definitely the quintessential zomblie flick.  Romero captured the essence of horror and gore with this  film.  I was very impressed with the U.S. Theatrical Cut released on DVD.   It was very similar to the original VHS version, save for the widescreen  format.  There were a few scene differences toward the begining of the  film, but they were very minor.  It does include the theatrical trailer,  and two lame clips from the European version titled &quot;Zombie&quot;.   The sound could have been a bit more clear, however.  There is a seconds  DVD version of DOTD in circulation, called the &quot;Directors Cut&quot;.   I believe it is approximately ten minutes longer, but I don't know of any  other specific differences. It does feature a different cover art. Which  ever version you find, you'll be impressed.
0395759242|3.0|This is a really good book, make no mistake about it. People should learn about dark periods in our history. Europeans really did screw over the  Africans. Still, the author goes a little too far in demonizing the  villian, King Leopold. He also makes a more than a few suppositions  --&quot;it's safe to assume Mr. X passed by Mr. Y,&quot; or &quot;the King  might have been thinking this&quot;-- that really have no place in a  history book. I would have preferred more fact, more political context. The  history here can stand on its own merits and still show this time for what  it was, horrible exploitation.
0060931671|2.0|The first chapter of this novel is quite good -- brings out some interesting characters with some very funky names (Oedipa?  Mucho?  A  shrink named Dr. Hilarius?) with keen senses of humor.  It ends strongly,  with the image of Oedipa imagining herself as Rapunzel and that image just  running away and picking up steam, doing its own stuff, quite alive as the  chapter closes out.    Unfortunately, the rest of the five chapters don't  come near the intensity of the first chapter.  And when Pynchon goes  headlong into the Jacobean play (\\"The Courier's Tragedy\\"), he  comes out all alone, his readers left behind on the other side, dead cold  and wondering just what the heck happened to this novel.    When all is said  and done, this book just doesn't quite jibe, doesn't quite work.  That's  not to say that it's a total failure -- in spots, Pynchon's incredible  language is still there, like an oasis in the middle of a desert, not to  mention some moments of genuine hilarity (like when Oedipa puts on layer  after layer of clothing before playing strip poker and the aerosol can  zipping around the room like a busted balloon).  But for me, these parts  just weren't enough.  To have to wade through the rest of the gobbledygook  just wasn't worth it.
B0000203YT|5.0|Only Tom Stoppard could write a script as complex and entertaining as this one. I suspect that people who don't like this movie missed the point.  Filled with references to other Shakespeare works and even Christopher  Marlowe and John Webster, it is riotously funny. This is drama and comedy  just as Shakespeare wrote it: fast paced, occasionally base, full of puns  and jokes, and energized. The performances are great, especially Feinnes,  who should have been nominated for an Oscar. It is wild, rollercoaster of a  movie that I love. I think William would have loved it, too.
B00000IO4I|5.0|Filmed in Scarborough, Yorkshire, by a director (Mark Herman) who has his finger on the pulse of real Yorkshire life (witness &quot;Brassed  Off&quot;). This film should have cleaned up at the Oscars. Michael Caine  at his sensational best!
0140430350|4.0|I appreciate the beauty of language when I read something like this despite the fact that it makes sorting out who does what quite difficult.   Fine writing though.
B000000993|5.0|I first heard Tool when I bought Aenima, like many others I'm sure, and I was hooked. The bizzare distortion, the beautiful lyrics, the heavy riffs,  and the frightening interludes all captivated me, and I didn't stop  listening to it until it got this album. Tool's Undertow is as great, if  not better, than Aenima in every way. &quot;Sober&quot; is one of the best  songs I have ever heard. although I got this album recently and have not  quite looked into it as deeply as I have with Aenima, I have heard a  majority of it and it is fantastic. Well done. I can't wait for the new  album!
B00000JGOH|5.0|Shakespeare himself would have LOVED this film.  You know it...
0812589041|5.0|I have just read the fourth chapter but it is still an excellent book. It is so exciting and suspenceful. Ender's Game is sooooo coooool.
B00000DHR0|5.0|I've loved Celine since I first heard her sing. She and Mariah Carey are the best singers out there and I encourage you extremely stongly to get  both Christmas CD's. Unlike Ryan Borrowman said in his review, it is a  total Christmas CD with only two and maybe three pop songs out of sixteen  which are by the way sensational. I mean come on, one of the songs is  titled &quot;The Christmas Song&quot;. How more Christmas-y can you  possibly get? Plus, seven songs have Christmas in the title. So listen to  it at Christmas and July. Just joking. Her songs are old classics with  Celine's gorgeous signature trademark on each and a few new Christmas songs  that will totally become classics. So pick up this CD along with Mariah's  and you will not be disappionted. Quite the contrary.
0790700506|5.0|Just as Frank of Texas put it this ones a great for the 80's kid along with the likes of Ghostbusters and Back to the future.  I'm all grown up at  20 years old now, but this brings back the child hood memories of what  seems like only a couple of years ago, how time flies.
0061007137|1.0|This was possibly the most dull, and uninsightful book that I have ever read.  The way Jeffery Archer's book is set up, creats a long begining and  the reader compleatly looses interest with in the first two chapters.  I  definetly don't recomen this book to any one who doesn't have the time or  interest to read a dull, and limited intrest book.
6305311463|5.0|There's not much I need to say, really, except that all the people who have written that only stupid people could possibly like this movie are  themselves a few braincells short of a six-pack. They're apparently so far  up themselves that they seem entirely to have missed the point that this  film knows exactly what it's doing from start to finish. It knows it's  corny, it knows it's crazily larger than life, it knows it's out to push  all those staple movie buttons, and so it does it all with a terrific sense  of humour and, more importantly, on a scale that simply beggars belief but  which - crucially - works fantastically. Contrary to what some people say,  director Michael Bay does a simply tremendous job of making the whole,  massive juggernaut of a movie bolt along at a terrific pace, and even more  remarkably, manages to engage your emotions even while you're laughing your  head off at all the hokum. Other people complain about the characters, but  I struggle to recall a movie that crammed so many memorable - if  unbelievable - people into a single movie. Basically this film is pure  cinema. Sure, it's not an Ingmar Bergman film, but it never wants to be it.  And if, as anyone with half a brain cell should see, you judge it in terms  of what it does want to be, you will see that it succeeds quite  magnificently. Sorry to get a bit personal with this review, but as a  person who enjoys movies of all sorts, I just couldn't stand by and let  arrogant fools diss a top movie for no other reason than it doesn't want to  fit into only the small category of 'coolness' they're pseudo  intellectuality permits them to admit to enjoying.
630476524X|1.0|This was a terrible movie. It was a mistake to make a sequel. and now there is another sequel called the crow:salvation. I feel it just  desecrates the original more and more. Tim Pope holds nothing to Alex  Proyas.
0790745399|2.0|I thought the acting and special effects were very good, but I am still trying to figure out if I wasted a couple of hours or not. Everyone I know  under 30 loves this movie, everyone over 30 isn't really sure if they like  it or not. The entire premise of the movie is kind of hokey.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Worthwhile.  You should own it.
0790729628|5.0|There are a few standards out there, Gone with the wind, Mad Max, Godzilla movies, Titanic, you get the picture. If you don't have THIS picture,  you're incomplete. now, where was that Matrix link....
B000002OX7|5.0|I was a Who fan because I caught them LIVE!! They were probably the greatest live rock act of all time!! (the Stones and Zep are very close.) I  saw them in 1974 at Madison Square Garden in N.Y. and they blew me away!!  Pete Townsend was a maniac and Keith Moon was out of control!! To see them  today is sad, because it doesn't do them justice. (Daltry, leave Pete alone  already and get a life!) Anyway, pick up &quot;Live at Leeds&quot; to kinda  get a feel for what you missed. As far as studio recording is concerned,  this is their greatest music they ever recorded. The &quot;Who By  Numbers&quot; is pretty good too, but any rock fan MUST OWN this one.  Enough said.
B000021XR5|2.0|Goodness, what is this mediocre trash!? Is this lets make an album really quick before Weiland dies of an overdose!? It's about a notch up from the  pathetic &quot;Tiny Music&quot; album.  The only really good songs are  &quot;Down&quot; and &quot;No Way Out&quot; which were constructed mostly  by Weiland. The rest is just 'ho hum' garbage put together by the DeLeo  brothers. I'm hurt almost to tears that STP hasn't done anything noteworthy  since &quot;Core&quot; and &quot;Purple&quot;.  I'll label this one,  &quot;LBP&quot;: LISTEN BEFORE PURCHASE!!!!!
B00000JJQK|5.0|To all fans of Brian Wilson (as opposed to the no-talent Mike Love), this is probably the best overall Brian Wilson music on one recording (although  I still think &quot;Don't Worry Baby&quot; remains his single greatest  song.) HOWEVER, in 1971 the Beach Boys released &quot;Surf's Up&quot; and  it comes VERY CLOSE to &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; as the best Brian Wilson  music ever released. It contains songs like the hauntingly beautiful title  track &quot;Surf's Up,&quot; which was originally intended for the  never-released infamous &quot;Smile&quot; album of 1967. &quot;Till I  Die&quot; is another Wilson beauty. My question is: Why doesn't Amazon.com  sell it?? If you're a fan of &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; (by the way, it's  everything the 5-star reviews claim, buy it!) then you should also own  &quot;Surf's Up.&quot;  Does anyone know how to get a copy?
B00000JBCP|5.0|En lo que va del ao he comprado muchos discos de los cuales me gusta una o dos canciones, pero con ste me ha pasado algo diferente, me encantan  todos los temas. Son sin duda el mejor grupo musical en espaol de los  ltimos tiempos.
0553278223|5.0|At first I was a little lost with the lack of continuity between chapters...However, I really began to enjoy the book once I accepted it for  what it is, a collection of individually published short stories. It's easy  to be critical of Bradbury's fantasy as the stories assert facts/issues  known to us now not to be true or not to have happened, but give the guy a  break!  I admired his boldness in taking a 'stab' at our future...and if  anything else, found it interesting to 'see' the concept of our present day  world through the eyes of a fiction writer experiencing the times  immediately following WWII...If you can only enjoy feasible/factual Sci-fi,  this is not a book for you! A special treat for me was recognizing a number  of these stories as scripts used in the Twilight Zone series.  This is a  book I look forward to picking up again someday and sharing with my kids.
0446525537|4.0|Only with the writings of Nicholas Sparks do I sit and read for hours without getting up once until I have read the last word...  This story was  no exception to the two that came before.  After reading this book, I came  to a place in my life where I always thought I had been, but never really  was.  Learning to live, love and let go is one of the most difficult and  riskiest steps to take in life.  Always thinking that I was doing these  things, and then reading this book made me realize I never was.  I have  closed chapters in my life that have been invisibly open for years, and I  thank Mr. Sparks for helping me get there.
0393317552|5.0|I can't say enough good things about this book.  There is no question why it won a Pulitzer.  Not only is it comprehensive (try 30,000 years of human  history and evolution) but it's an easy read!  You must absolutely read  Guns, Germs &amp; Steel if you want your opinions about the world's  cultures to be based on facts and reason, and not the biases propagated by  the innumberable ethnocentrists that influence our media and daily lives.
B000002V0Q|5.0|This c.d rocks. I bought &quot;Risk&quot; 3 to 4 months ago,it is nothing at all compared to the total kick butt rock this c.d displays. Dave and  Mary rule the guitars!!! Lyrically I think Megadeth is better than  Metallica, but not as good at guitars ,but anyway, buy this c.d fast!!!  Metallica and Megadeth are the best bands in the music world!!!
B00000IO4I|5.0|When this movie came out on video - I hadn't heard of it prior - I rented it, why I don't know. I tend to avoid British 'humor', and find the accents  often inpenetrable. I was overwhelmed by this young lady's talents  [Horrocks] and immediately started haunting the store's &quot;used videos  for sale cheap&quot; bin. Now that I own a copy, I've rewatched it and  gained increased admiration for the other actors - Caine, Blethyn, and the  rest. My unabashed admiration of Horrocks' performance continues and I'm  afraid I will be proselytizing this underappreciated actress and film to my  friends and whoever will listen. I guess you could say I liked it.
0800103661|4.0|I just saw this movie and thought it was incredible.  All the actors in the film were wonderful especially Jude Law.  What a talented actor he is.   I would definitely recommend this film.
B0000025SB|5.0|If you're looking for an album like the wall, look somewhere else. This is not a &quot;typical&quot; PF album, and it isn't supposed to be. This is  the culmination of Roger Waters' maturation as an artist--as, really, an  author. It had been compared--in the comments below--to a book, to poetry,  and to self-indulgent tripe. But, it is none of those things. It is a rock  concept album, and it is very personal. You might hate it--most Floyd fans  enamored with the Wall and the radio cuts WILL hate it. But it is a  masterpiece--and, somehow unfortunately--it took the animosity between  Gilmour and Waters to give Waters enough control to finsish this sad, but  honest album.
B000000HTM|5.0|One of the deepest, haunting, rock records ever made.  A little strange to get into at first, but addictive and always interesting to listen to afterwards.  In my opinion, being Pawn hearts one of the 10 best progressive rock records ever,  do not miss their other true masterpieces: godbluff, still life, H to He, The quiet zone.  These are not in the same level of Pawn hearts, but are close, and among the best seventies prog records, in songcraft, execution and guts!  hammill  can put you on your knees.  I just saw him live in concert, in 2001 in mexico city, and he has a musical stature that goes far beyond...  He has guts, performance and that magic that musical legends like him project.
0780626966|5.0|This collection is everything that Freddy needed. It is a high quality product worth its price. As for the movies they are great, garantied  entertainment. As it is with Darth Vader, Freddy Kruger is one of the most  loved villains in the history of cinema, it is impossible to forget him,  even in your dreams!!!
B000000HTO|5.0|If you like fine progressive rock. Try VDGG.  Hammill is one of the most expressive voices around. not to mention the rest of the group's  instrumental  brilliance.
B000021XS0|5.0|I know a lot would be tempted to rate this as a 5-star release just because Dream Theater made us wait so long for Metropolist Part 2.  But  trust me:  This is the first album they've done since Images &amp; Words  that quite literally blows that release away, and that's no small feat.   Mike Portnoy, their drummer, kept saying this was the album he'd always  wanted Dream Theater to make, and now I can see why.  The addition of  keyboardist Jordan Rudess, from Mike Portnoy's side project Liquid Tension  Experiment, is phenomenal, and he's really given Dream Theater the sound  they truly need to blow others away.  James LaBrie's vocals soar on this,  and they're the high, clear vocals he'd given us on I&amp;W, but had  departed from some with Awake and Falling Into Infinity.  If anyone loves  James' vocals, they should also check out his solo project Mullmuzzler...  Utterly phenomenal... If there were 6 stars, they'd definitely be here...
B000000HTO|5.0|Anotherprogressive gem from Hammill and friends.  Deep and beautiful compositions; marvelous excution.
B00001QGPR|5.0|It's incredible - didn't think much of it at first - but now I can't eject this CD. Bowie seems to be reviewing the 70s with this album - Save for New  Angels of Promise, this is a very valid piece of work - good lyrics,  cracking voice as always, and finally the tunes Bowie had discarded in his  last four albums. Survive is such a wonderful song...and Brilliant  Adventure is a good attempt at rekindling the Low spirit. Isn't it about  time you compile some unplugged album now Dave?
0553208845|5.0|I couldn't put it down! It is one of the few books out there based in this coutry and time period. One of a kind! Oh, by the way Mr. Pandolfalo sorry  big bad book make head hurt.....
B00001ODHL|4.0|I love this film, and I really looked forward to the Dir. cut. which I had never seen. Too bad about the transfer, but THE FANS of AOD will still  appriciate it. Loads of goodies. Funny Docu. Great commentary. Bruce  Cambell rocks. Buy Evil Dead I just for the commentary with Bruce.
0790742780|5.0|This movie is a must see for any Michael Douglas fans.  The plot is a little weak, but Douglas somehow still seems to make the movie interesting  to watch.  I enjoy Douglas's &quot;I'm not going to take it anymore&quot;  attitude.
0930289455|5.0|The best thing about modern retellings of characters' origins is that more psychologically interesting details can be added.  Case in point:  in the  golden age, Harvey Dent simply decides to become Two-Face after getting  half his face scarred with acid.  No one goes through such a personality  change after simply getting a disfigurement.  In the Long Halloween and the  animated series, it is shown that he was already pretty much Two Face  before his disfigurement, which only served to complete the transformation.   The Killing Joke adds such depth to the Joker's origin.  In other versions  he was already a criminal before he became the Joker. In this version he  was simply a confused, failed family man trying to make ends meet.  The  best part is, the Joker is still kept a mystery as his true name is never  revealed and even the origin depicted here is only a possible one, as if  the Joker is imagining himself having flashbacks to an old life he may or  may not have lived.  Of course he would imagine his arch foe's actions  being what fully metamorphosized him into the Joker.  I only wish this were  a regular issue of Batman and not a one-shot.  It would still have stood  out like any solid comic story.  It would also be nice if this story were  modified and adapted for the animated series(just like Mad Love)  because  the Joker's origin in that show is the weaker version.
0671578278|5.0|This has got to be the best Vorkosigan book ever.  I wouldrecommend this to anyone who loves to read, even if they've never read SF before.  I love how Bujold creates a true story.  It has everything you could want, from true Milesian strategy, imperial politics, and technological consequences to intimate romance (that doesn't have to mean sex), the human condition and bug butter wrestling.  If you've never read a Vorkosigan book, I'd suggest reading Komarr first, but even without that Civil Campaign is enjoyable.  For all of you who have read all the books(and I know there's a lot of you out there.) Bujold seamlessly meshes references to previous events that make you fall down laughing.  I just CAN'T WAIT for the next book!  I have a feeling it could include a confrontation between Mile's new life and his old.  That would be perfect.  There are so many ways to continue the story, I can't stand it.  I agree with all previous reviews that compare Bujold to Jane Austin.  Bujold has the characters as the most important part of the story.  She gets inside them, so you see out of their eyes.  I love the not so abject letter &quot;...possess the power of your eyes...&quot;.  There's something in this for everyone. You have to read it!
1563894696|5.0|Long Halloween works on so many levels.  I went into this book knowing how it was going to end and it still captivated me.  It is both a murder  mystery and a story of a fall from grace. The main plotline-the mystery of  the identity of a serial killer who murders members of the Falcone and  Maroni crime families every major holiday-almost takes a back seat to the  tragic transformation of Harvey Dent, who starts out as Batman and Captain  Gordon's partner and friend and becomes one of their greatest foes by the  end of the story.  This series ranks alongside the Killing Joke as an  important piece of Batman continuity as well as examining Batman's  relationship with his enemies.  Loeb's writing is good minimalism, packing  so much power into so little dialouge.  Tim Sale's artwork is just  beautiful.  He is one of the most talented pencilers ever, and breaths new  visual life to several Batman characters.  The series is lenghty but it is  also fast paced and can be read in a relatively short amount of time.  The  pacing of the artwork is near-perfect, save for the unsettling abundance of  splash pages.  This series also well balances Batman's foes between  pyschologically and physically deformed supercriminals and regular human  gansters.  After reading this and the first issue of its follow-up Dark  Victory, one can only wonder why team Long Halloween does not work on a  regular Batman title.
B0000025T6|5.0|With this 1982 journey into bleakness (beautifically symbolised on the cover), Bruce travelled as far as he possibly could from the romantic zest  of Born to Run.  He took the bitter anger of Darkness on the Edge of Town  and the sense of loss present throughout The River's best moments, and  wrote an album's worth of sad, desolate songs about people who have lost  hope or lost some connection they feel is vital to their whole.  These  people have surrendered to the meaness of the world, often with violent  consequences, and yet, the way Bruice tells it, we feel compassion for  them.   The standouts are hard to pick, but the title track (a scary tale  of random murder), Atlantic City (where Born to Run's idealist tramp has  run away, grown up and lost all hope), Used Cars (where winning the lottery  is seen as the only way to get ahead) and Reason to Believe (where Bruce  questions people's hope, faith and love without finding an answer).  The  spare production adds to this feeling, giving the record an emotional  resonance.  Only Open All Night, a sprightly and out of place rockabilly  number softens the mood, but only momentarily.  Tunnel of Love and Tom Joad  (Bruce's other sad, bleak and emotional records) are great albums, but  neither challenges listners as Nebraska does, nor are they as rewarding.
B000002C2E|5.0|These songs sound like they were recorded after hours at a small town carnival - low keys for the haunting of unrequited love and the rain  falling in the darkness outside.   <br />Dark, beautiful and affecting.  What  can you really say about songs like these?<br />I recently seen Dylan in St.  John's, Newfoundland, where he played encore after encore, the best concert  I've experienced.
1573226521|2.0|This book is WAY overrated.  Kerouac it is not.  Not even close.  There is no character development and no real tension, which makes the book quite  boring.  Its saving grace, however, is that it moves very quickly.  This is  definately amateurish literature for a TV generation.
0446525537|5.0|Sparks somehow finds a way to outdo himself everytime he releases a new book.  &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; was an incredible story and I was  unable to put it down.
B000002OX7|5.0|I can't top the Oct 25th review from Stamford(?), CT (nice writing), so I'll keep this short.  I just picked up the Mobile Fidelity remaster of  this reissue, and it's the best sound ever (and probably the best that ever  will be). Worth the Xtra bucks.  This is the best the Who ever sounded in  the studio, both in terms of actual playing (Moon NEVER played better,  before or since) and production (what a sound they achieved with Glyn  Johns!). So, if you're REALLY a Who fan and a fan of this album, beg,  borrow or steal a really good stereo and buy this album. It's a sonic  delight that must be heard to be believed.
0345347951|5.0|I loved this book. The story is great and kept me reading, and the surprises just keep on coming.
B0000025RI|5.0|HI!! I'm a music lover and a fan of Michael Jackson, I live in Norway. This album is definitly Michael's BESt album. I love it, you can hear his  vocals clear on this album. It's got the Beat, the different sounds... It's  a wonderful Musical ARTWORK.... I love the songs Beat it, Thriller, Billie  Jean, and Human Nature is amazing... :) I've been a fan for 11 years, and I  think Michael also has done great music after Thriller, he's totally  misunderstood by the Media... :)<br />THANKS for all the GREAT Moments you  have given us, the fans, and that you'll give us in the future... MICHAEL -  YOU're THE KING of POp, Rock and Soul :)
B00001ZULV|5.0|I ordered this disc when the playlist was already posted, so I knew what I was getting.  This disc should satisfy all but the hardest core Genesis  fans.  Granted, most of the stuff is VH-1 era, but it is really nice to  hear some of the more familiar stuff all in one place instead of having to  program in the songs I want to hear on numerous CD's.  I too would have  liked to see &quot;No Reply at all&quot; and some of the other older  tunes-but I'm not complaining.  It is a real good CD just to kick back to.
6304385668|5.0|It's tough to rate and accurately review a movie that means a great deal intellectually and emotionally. It was October of 1996 when I watched this film at the theater and I walked out forever changed. Prior to viewing the film, I had no idea about the life of Collins and I did not realize how young Irish independence truly is. Both the tragic elements of Collins's death and Liam Neeson's stirring performance led me to learn more about the life and times of Collins by voraciously reading anything I could find on the topic. It can be a rare thing for a historical film to pack a punch that seems relevant to modernity, but _Michael Collins_ does just that.<BR>The plot, essentially, is this: A young man named Michael Collins (Liam Neeson) and his close friend Harry Boland (Aidan Quinn) are working for the cause of Irish independence. At the beginning of the film, they are taking part in the Easter Rising. A vivid and riveting portrayal of the executions faced by the Rising's leaders is juxtaposed with Eamon DeValera (Alan Rickman) writing a letter to Collins explaining ostensibly why he would not be killed (he was of American birth). Michael travels around the country and works tirelessly with Harry for the cause. He is thrown in jail, he is beaten during a campaign speech and he meets an intriguing woman, Kitty Kiernan (Julia Roberts). Collins falls for her but Harry does too. Initially, she is dating Boland but in time, her heart goes to Collins. During this romance, Collins is both running from death and ordering it for his opponents. He taps the resource of Ned Broy (Stephen Rea) a veritable double-agent working as a G-man. Collins is chosen to negotiate on the Irish side of treaty talks, though this event is covered rapidly in the film. He returns home and is engaged to Kitty only to find that he and Harry are on the opposite sides of whether the Anglo-Irish Treaty should be ratified. There is plenty of drama and some comic relief here and there. I won't go into the details of the ending, though I am sure most people reading this review already know or can guess how the story concludes. <BR>If you are interested in Irish history or \\"war films\\" in general, _Michael Collins_ is a film for you. If you view it and find yourself as drawn into the actual biography of Collins as I did, I highly suggest you pick up a good book on the subject. Though the film makes for an excellent introduction, it can in no way compare to the wealth of real, tangible information out there.
B0000203YT|5.0|I'm amazed at the number of people who use the argument of &quot;historical inaccuracy&quot; to break down this movie. Here's some  news for you : THIS IS FICTION ! Now that we've got this cleared, we can  move on to what this movie really is : a fast-paced, romantic, extremely  funny tribute to Shakespeare. Tribute, not adaptation, as some others on  this side have suggested. I'm not a great Shakespeare-adept, but if this is  what the original experience in the theatre must have been, I wouldn't mind  going back in time a few centuries.
0446525537|4.0|This is a story of a high school senior who meets a girl that will change who he is and the rest of his life. The setting is back in the 1950's when  life was much more simple than now.   Nicholas Sparks is a remarkable story  teller.  This love story certainly measures up to The Notebook and Message  in a Bottle.  Question:  What is the miracle he is refering to in the last  line of the book?  Does he mean she lived?  Anyone else wonder about that?
B000003S0D|5.0|C'mon -- LISTEN to it!  &quot;Lizard&quot; is not a masterpiece.  Fripp is right.  This is an album of disjointed ideas, some of which work, some of  which do not.  In other words, this is music.  And it's King Crimson.  It's  Robert Fripp and Mel Collins and Gordon Haskell and Keith Tippit and Andy  McCulloch.  Forget the lyrics.  They're all right, but who cares?  They  could sing scat and if it's Jon Anferson doing the singing, it'd still work  out okay.  It's KING CRIMSON.  Good stuff as always.  And well worth a few  of your hard-earned bucks.
B000005YZM|5.0|I have a collection of 250 sixties psychedelia albums . This one is the best of them all . Sid , Roger , Paul , John , and all the rest : read (if  you can) and weap .
B000007T1M|4.0|This is one of the best cds I have listened to in a long time.  I borrowed it from a freind and after listening to it I had to buy it.  The magnitude  of the guitar playing on this album was great.  The guitarist from this  band has the most talent I have heard in a metal band since Hammet and  Hetfield from Metallica.
068484267X|5.0|I read most of this book to my husband so he could share the story with me.  It had us both laughing and almost in tears many times.  I am looking  forward to following up with Frank's life in 'Tis.  Can't wait to hear how  he makes out in America!
0446525537|5.0|Nicholas Sparks truly writes to the reader. He is able to draw you into the story so much that you cannot put it down. I absolutely loved the book.  I would like to hear from others how they interpreted the ending....
B00000JCOV|5.0|Heavy, heavy, heavy. But they always manage to keep their stuff funky. It's near impossible to find a good heavy band with rhythm. Best hard-core  CD this year.
B0000067L2|5.0|The best and most consistent of Crema's output.  Clapton's woman-tone is gorgeous, and his playing is PERFECT!!  Ginger's drumming is still  unparalleled, and Jack's one hell of a bassist (though a bit busy for my  tstes, personally).  Jack Bruce's singing is a bit of an acquired taste,  IMO, but it grows on you!  Strange Brew has the sweetest playing from EC,  Sunshine ofYour Love rocks, and the psychedelia of Tales of Brave Ulysses,  SWLABR, World of Pain, We're Going Wrong, etc is phenomenal, too.
B00000BKDX|5.0|This albun is amasing, awesome!!!! Iron Maiden is one of the best bands in the world!! These guys playing live is something unbelievable!!! You've got  to listen to that!! Bruce is amazing and Adrian is perfect, as usual. I am  pleased fot these guys come back!!!
B000002L6U|4.0|First of all, to answer the previous review, Clapton never won grammies for Best Guitarist -- I don't think such award exists.  And he wins such  guitar awards because he is the most emotional and fluid player in the  world!  There are other great guitar players, but he could shame the ones  listed with one note to their twenty. My opinion, of course. As for this  album, It has great material, and I was glad to see his guitar work come to  the forefront a bit  more again, and the singing gets a little better with  each subsequent album.  I don't personally care for the production, though,  and it irks me that Clapton had to replace three tracks with more  &quot;commercially viable&quot; ones to soothe the record company.  Forever  Man fits, but the other two tracks stick out like a sore thumb.  If you've  heard the sacraficed tracks, they are great!  Anyhow, the solos on Same Old  Blues and Just Like A Prisoner are awesome,and I love the fragile title  track.
B00001QEE9|3.0|This is the best this movie is ever going to look.  AND STOP COMPLAINING ABOUT THE LACK OF WIDESCREEN!  Most movies made before 1960 were shot in  full-screen!  It would be totally useless to transfer Pinocchio to  widescreen because it wasn't filmed that way!
B000001FDI|5.0|...and actually, I didn't care for it when I first heard it.  Then I popped it back into my CD player a few months later, and tada!  I fell in  love with it.  There's a lot of longing and wistfulness on this album.   Winwoods voice and Clapton's guitar together is pure magic.  I think Blind  Faith totally underrated. Can't Find My Way Home, Presence of the Lord, and  Well All Right are favorites of mine.  Had to Cry Today is a great riff,  with precise, perfect non-stop soloing from Clapton, though it goes on a  tad too long.  As a rule, though there are occassional exceptions, this is  the last time you hear EC playing a Gibson for a long time (till From the  Cradle), and the tone is gorgeous.  Also, the more laid-back sound is a  welcome relief after the intensity of Cream.  It's a shame the band  couldn't survive the pressures; they had great potntial.  One of my  favorite albums of all time.
B00001QGPR|5.0|Please, someone pry this CD off of my player! This CD is fantastic! He's harmony and musciality have returned. His words require repeated listenings  to grasp all of the meaning. This is a guy with a brain and he's not afraid  to use it. His maturity rings through and it makes you understand why  you've stayed with him through all of his transformations. Bowie, to me, is  a phenomenon. It's been said a million times before but this is a guy who  is always ch-ch-ch-changing and not afraid to take risks. So after dabbling  in collaborations with Tin Machine and Nine-Inch Nails, he's back to the  one we 30 somethings grew up with. Tunes you can sing to, listen to and  feel. He gets right to the heart of things. He's a fascinating guy who  keeps trying the new and untried. And this time has scored another hit. The  mellowness with the underlying riffs of Reeves are a delight. The evocation  of pain and renewal are unexpected. The inability to stop singing the  songs...well, I'll just have to get used to that one.
B000021XS0|3.0|While I was really disapointed with the previous DT cd ('Falling Into Infinity'), at least it was an attempt by the band to try something new.   Here, we get basically re-hashed riffs seemingly leftover from the first  two albums.  I was looking forward to this release because I thought that  Jordan Rudess could provide a fresh, positive, profound influence on their  sound.  Boy was I wrong !  His talent is pretty much wasted and relegated  to a minor supporting role.  And why does James LaBrie sound so  self-concious ?  Seems like he's trying to sing like a non-trained singer  (where did that passionate, resonant vibrato dissapear to ?).  Seems that  DT might never be able to duplicate 'Images And Words' and 'Awake', so why  even try ?  Let's see if these guys can mature as a band and not get stuck  repeating themselves like so many other bands in this genre.  DT were true  innovators in the early 90's, now let's see them live up to those  expectations !
6300216039|5.0|I don't care how much that statement dates me--I make it after buying that one and saying &quot;ouch&quot;. This one was a trailblazer in that it was  the first to cast young people in the main roles rather than  thirtysomething types. Can you imagine a bunch of thirtyish single men  running about the streets getting into duels over the wrong facial  expressions or tones of voice? None of whom has ever been married? Or a  thirtyish woman still needing a nurse/ governess? That's how it was with  this play before this production of it. But the trouble is that you can  only make the same breakthrough once. After that, it's been there/ done  that. The other way this one beats earlier productions is that the  characters have actual personalities--they don't orate as in stage  productions. Somehow, the scene where Mercutio makes an off-color pun about  what time it is comes off better, as does the nurse's quickly suppressed  laughter--she's supposed to be offended, after all. There's one strange  note later on that would come off as funny if it didn't involve death. When  Romeo, enraged by Tybalt's killing of Mercutio, runs Tybalt through,  Michael York's Orson Welles-style basso makes Tybalt's cry of anguish sound  more like a roar. He does Tybalt's arrogance perfectly before that, though.  Not to mention Milo O'Shea's protrayal of Friar Laurence in the manner of  the standard Irish parish priest. Plus, Olivia Hussey does Juliet as the  signature sweet young thing in a way that, despite her husky Marina  Sirtis-type voice, works perfectly.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This cd represents hardship and how to get through life. I gives you hope and show that there are others who share your problems. I also states that  the only true secret to eternal youth is to never forget your youth and  never let your soul change. I think this is the best group and cd I have  found and I am very picky about that sort of thing. My favorite songs are  &quot;Higher&quot; and &quot;Inside us all&quot;.
B00001U0DP|5.0|I have seen the movie Hero (Dustin Hofman 1994) over 50 times during last four years. I was 100% sure that there was no space to create another movie  so heartwarming like that. Life is Beautiful proved me that i was wrong.
B000002G89|5.0|I don't know about forgetting Layla (in reference to another review.  Layla is still the greatest album to ever grace the universe, IMO!!  But  this is also a favorite of mine.  The great thing about Clapton's music is  that it is so varied that there is something for every mood.  This is for  the quieter, thoughtful moods, though I find myself listening to it at all  other times,too! I love the vocals on this album.  Like on Layla, EC's  voice has never sounded quite the same.  His experiences with drugs, etc  brought a new level of soulfulness to his singing, and his hushed,  confessional tones on Give Me Strength, Let It Grow, and Please Be with Me  is *exquisite*.  The upbeat numbers are great, too (I particularly like his  cover of Steady Rollin' Man), but to me the standouts here are the slower  numbers.  Let It Grow is a Classic, and Give Me Strength is especially  touching when you think about his bout with heroin.  There isn't a lot of  guitar showcasing here, but the dobro solos are sublime.  All in all,  a  wonderful album and recommended for everyone!!  I love it!
B00000K3UR|5.0|i've seen almost every movie adam sandler was ever in, and ihave to say that this particular one is the best (yes, even outranking the Waterboy!)  so if you like this kind of stupid humor, mixed with just the right amount of sadness, i suggest you buy this movie!
B000002MY3|5.0|I first got this cd for xmas 1995 and fell in love with it.  I listened to it every day at least twice for over two and a half years.  It still  remains in my cd player alot and is beaten out only by Alanis's second cd,  Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie.  If I could give this album 100 stars I  would, but I'd give SFIJ 101.
B000005DQR|5.0|I had heard about this dude from coincidence of searching the web and when i heard the cd for the first time, i was blown away!!  The music is ear  relaxing, and the music will live inside of you.  It might of not been a  mainstream success, but true musicians know music when they hear it.  Beautiful!!
6300216268|5.0|Harold and Maude is one of the finest films made and nothing made in the 90's comes close to it. Being a movie maker myself, It drives me. But even  to someone that is simply looking for a &quot;feel-good&quot; movie, I'd  say you found the right one, Bay-bee! Check out other stuff from Bud Cort  as he is an amzing actor. Look for Oh, Happy Guy!
B000001E3V|5.0|The performance of Why Does Love GOt to Be So Sad is even better on the original In Concert CD -- really phenomenal -- which is hard to believe,  since this one is awesome, too.  But this album makes it up with all the  extra tracks.  My only &quot;complaint&quot; is that I don't really care  for the long drum solo on Let It Rain, but that's what the FF button is  for!  EC was truly at his peak.
B00000J7J4|4.0|This CD is better than expected.  The mix of Latin music influences with today's popular music styles is an interesting change of pace. It is very  enjoyable.
B000002MFE|5.0|Still one of the best in the business; can play anything but what wonderful sounds from acoustic guitar. Every cut on this album (oops,  showing my age!) is fine. Mellow, moving, fun, and incredible playing.  Whoever coined the phrase &quot;and on the eighth day, God created  Clapton&quot; was so right!
0670451495|5.0|McCloskey's books were read to me as a child, and I loved them. This book was a favorite of mine as a library media specialist and is now a favorite  of my children as well.  I had the opportunity to meet the author and hear  him tell of observing live ducklings in his studio/apt. when he was doing  the illustrations because he wanted to draw them accurately. Children whom  I've shared it with (they number in the 1000s)love the delightful rhyming  names of the ducklings. I've given it as a gift many times as well!  Enjoy!
B000001F2H|5.0|If I were to included Mayall and the rest of the band in this rating, I'd have to dock a star.  I find Mayall's singing lacking, and Hughie Flint's  attempt at a drum solo on What'd I say is almost laughable (but Clapton's  burst of Daytripper is a great treat!).<br />That said, Clapton's guitar work  is  -- I can't find words to describe.  So much attitude, and that TONE!!!   It's unbelieveable how a 20 year old kid could muster that much maturity  and soul.<br />From the first note in All Your Love, every note is perfect.   The solo on Have You Heard stops time, and Double Crossing Time is almost  as good.  Hideway and esp Steppin' Out are blistering uptempo numbers, and  check out the show of economy on the solo in Ramlin' On My Mind!  Clapton  plays the same note about 30 times in a row and makes it not only  interesting, but mindblowing!<br />If you want to hear some more awesome early  work from Clapton, check out the Looking Back album by Mayall, which  includes an incendiary performace by Clapton on Stormy Monday.  AWESOME!!   The Primal Solos album is good as well.
B00001OH1S|3.0|I really liked the first two songs on the CD; Sting's version of Windmills (which is why I was interested in buying it in the first place) and Nina  Simone's Sinnerman. I thought the remaining songs were too short, and it  seemed to me that some of the music from the movie was missing.
0792140923|5.0|Forrest Gump consists of everything a movie should have. It's perfectly directed by Robert Zemeckis. Brillantly acted by Tom Hanks, Robin Wright,  Gary Sinise, and the rest of the cast. The film is funny, exciting,  romantic, and sad. It deserved all the Oscars that it won. Great film.
B000002KP3|5.0|If you are stranded on desert island, then probably should wish for good food and fresh water. For normal folks, this is a great way to think about  what life on the island would bring.
0385495315|5.0|I bought this book along with my book club assignment, but as soon as I opened &quot;The Code Book,&quot; I was unable to put it down (and never  did read my book club book).  While other books might have covered both the  technical and historical aspects of cryptography better (I'm just assuming  this is the case, since other, more informed reviewers allude to the  existence of more comprehensive books below), as a code-newbie, I found  this book completely engrossing.  I never knew that the making and breaking  of codes and cyphers had such an enormous impact on human history.  Also  fascinating was the discussion of the use of code-breaking techniques to  uncover the mysteries of ancient script.  A great read!
0446525537|5.0|I fully enjoyed this book, I was prepared to be unhapppy with the ending! I was pleasantly surprised. I cried through half of the book and fully  believe that the miracle at the end of the book was that she lived!! Great  book much better than Message in a bottle, at she lived in this book. I  guess I'm just a hopeless romantic.
B00000K31V|5.0|This is Cronenberg at his most artistic and insightful. Forget about video games, genetic engineering and a slightly futuristic corporate controlled  America. How about Socrates looking at those shadows in the cave? This is a  film about the very nature of reality. Who else is making movies that are  asking questions like those posed in this film?
6304504012|5.0|The movie was thought-provoking and inspirational.  I especially enjoyed the intrigue surrounding an ambitious young woman during that era. The way  she is portrayed as ambitious and at times insecure...  Few women (in  fiction or reality) have been at the center of such speculation.  Regarding  Madonna's performance, I only saw the character of Evita and was not  consciously aware that I was even watching Madonna! Every detail was  convincing.  The music, the costumes, and the scenery were wonderful.  And  I absolutely love the soundtrack.
0792839218|3.0|This was a strange and fassinating film, all the more so because it was based on a true story. The photography in this film is worth noting as it  really adds to the mysery in setting up what is to come.  Marsha Mason was  wonderful, Anthony Hopkins was perfect and had they cast the role of Ivy as  carefully as the other actors it would have been a much better film.  The  story line is really very good and focuses on reincarnation and even  lending a degree of creedance to clarvoience. The film leaves the answers  to a great many questions up to the individual viewer. I believe this was  deliberate since the topic itself invites personal opinion.  All though the  ending is a bit week, I would reccomend seeing this film once.  Not a movie  I would reccommend for the home vidio library.
B00000IOSU|5.0|This review is for all the narrow minded people who didn't like Mirrorball because it was live or because of the material within. For those of you who  don't know, this release was mainly intended for video release(vhs,dvd)and  let me assure you, it is clearly one of the best live releases i've ever  heard or seen by any artist. I've never been a big fan of live recordings,  because the quality is rarely that of the studio version. Definatly not the  case here. I truly think some, if not most of the tracks on this CD sound  better than the originals, with more power and energy than the studio  releases! which is common for a live album, however as I said earlier the  sound quality is not that of a typical live album, It is absolutly  incredible! If you didn't like the CD try the video. If you did like the CD  I highly recommend the vhs or dvd. This is definatly Sarah at her best! A  true classic!
B000002C1W|2.0|I gave this a listen.  It is little more than another of Gilmour's boring solo albums.  It's pretty sad when one of the better guitarists has to fool  the public by using a prestige name in order to get his solo album heard.   Furthermore, this album is atrociously boring.<br />He shouldn't use the name  Pink Floyd (and neither should any other former member of the band for that  matter).  Two stars out of kindness to Gilmour but what a gyp!
B000000OMJ|5.0|This is unlike any other masterpiece ever recorded.  It has a timeless, somewhat disturbing quality running throughout every track.   &quot;Biko&quot; is one of the great howls of pain in all of rock and some  of these songs, like the movie &quot;Heavenly Creatures&quot; make you feel  what it must be like to have truly lost your mind.
B00002E285|2.0|The album is great.  That doesn't mean you should make a movie of it!<br />Roger Waters' vison, when splayed across a big screen, is really  appalling.  We always knew he liked the dark best but I don't think I need  to see it in Panavision.  Depressing and without much to offer it (outside  of the fact it is associated with Pink Floyd).  Skip it.
0780020685|5.0|Those complaining about the aspect ratio apparently aren't seeing the film with a film buff's eyes. The 4:3 format is what it was shot in originally,  and it's evident from the absolute perfection of the framing of each and  every shot.<br />As a director myself, I continually find myself slackjawed at  how masterful the camerawork is... the three survivors at the base of the  burial mound... lingering on the peasant/ronin's bare feet after he breaks  down and reveals his past... I could go on and on.<br />I must say that I'm  much happier with the (albeit expensive) Criterion version of the film than  the VHS version. The sound holds up much, much better and the picture is as  pristine as an almost 50-year old film is likely to be.<br />Those expecting  non-stop action are likely to be disapointed, but as a story, a character  study and a very profound commentary on class struggles it's one of the  finest films ever made, bar none.
630471288X|5.0|This film is truly spectacular. Morgan Freeman simply superb. The suspense of will he won't he continues until the end of the film. It depicts the  best and worst of prison life and how those whose task is the guard the  prisioners are even more corrupt and brutal!<br />A must see film.....
0899668151|5.0|I totally enjoyed the Bell Jar, it's a wonderfull book and the way the writer describes things is so realistic.  My native language isn't english,  but I didn't have any problems with the book. It's easy to read. It's so  strange when you realise that the writer, Sylvia Plath, commited suicide  after writing the book. The ideas described in the book are really hers.  That makes it a biography.
B000021XS0|5.0|Absolutely the best album I have ever purchased, hands down.  Perfect in every way.  This is truly a masterpiece of musicianship.  Buy this now, and  indulge your senses and imagination.
B000000WFU|4.0|Women!  This is one CD you should have in your music library - it speaks to the very soul of the feminine.  Let it take away the daily stressors and  transform you into a peaceful being.  Best taken with a glass of wine (or  hot cider) and a candle!
0780625633|5.0|The movie really left a mark with me.  Intense, disturbing, but incredible.<br />Warning:  You'll be emotionally drained after watching this  movie.  Don't miss it.
0393039765|5.0|Palahniuk has a unique style of writing. He has a way of jumping right into the plot, and most of the time, your not fully aware of space, time or  characters, but that's what makes this book so intriguing and different. As  you read along, things become clearer;...a dark, innovating,  &quot;action-punched&quot; book!
0446525537|5.0|Having read and loved Sparks'other books, I couldn't wait to get into this one.  Really enjoyed the ways in which the author wove wit and  sentimentality together.  I fell in love with the main characters, and was  left with the same question as some of your reviewers - Landon spoke of the  &quot;miracle&quot; at the end of the book, making me wonder if he had  spent his past 40 years with &quot;Jamie&quot; or with &quot;memories of  Jamie.&quot;  Made me wonder - and I am STILL wondering.  Does anyone have  an idea?
B00000J7J4|5.0|this will be my summer song for 1999!  The catchy rhythm (with that familiar Santana sound) combined with Rob Thomas can't be beat!  I have  been an avid fan of Santana since the days of Woodstock and he has  reinvented his music with Rob Thomas (Matchbox 20) for the new millenium.
0385495315|5.0|I tried reading Cryptonomicon.  Hated it.  I tried this book.  Couldn't put it down.  Singh is a tremendous writer who takes a fascinating yet  challenging topic and makes it understandable to all.  This is a MUST READ  for anyone interested in crypto.
6305350205|1.0|I must different with those who said The Motion Picture was the worse.  You must watch it in a mindset that it was intended for -- a space opera.   The production values of TMP are way ahead of V.  TMP was our  reintroduction to the Trek characters, and thus spent alot of time on that  rather than the &quot;plot&quot;.  Anyhow, The Trek V DVD is a mess.  I  agree with the other folks, it was a hurried job with nothing of value  added.  The movie itself was THE worst Trek movie because it embarrassed  Trek fans with the bad sfx, campy dialog, and obvious sacrifice of  production values for Shatner's/Nimoy's salaries.  I'm a huge Original Trek  fan and a supporter of Shatner but this was truly bad.  Here's why:<BR>  <BR>Very few extras were used.  The Enterprise felt like it was being run  by the main cast and about 5 crewmembers. <BR><BR>Obvious lack of standard  Enterprise settings, like engineering and a proper sickbay.  Cut due to  budget. <BR><BR>Bloopers galore, such as the passing numbers during the  turbolift shaft scene.  The number keep repeating between intercut scenes  and gets up into the 70's, implying that the Enterprise has 70+ levels,  which is ridiculous given all the Enterprise information available via  Paramount. <BR><BR>The horribly &quot;cheap&quot; Klingon costumes and  makeup.  The Klingon &quot;bad guy&quot; was at best an understudy wearing  the most pathetic Klingon headpiece. <BR><BR><BR> I'll stop here.  I've  wasted enough precious calories typing this message about a horrible movie.   See Star Trek II, III, IV, and VI instead.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This CD is my hands down favorite in my CD collection.  This is one of those rare CDs where you would like every single song on there.  I know I  have.  And what they say is very meaningful, unlike all the dribble the  Spice Girls or the Backstreet Boys plant into your head.  My only complaint  is that this CD only has eleven tracks; we need more of Creed's wisdom.   But then again, this CD, I think, is about an hour long, which is longer  than most CDs are.  Great CD
0684830485|5.0|There is a Japanese proverb: &quot;The Zen Master strikes the bullseye by not looking at the center of the target.&quot; Hemingway strikes the  bullseye of his aesthetic in FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS; in the process, he  continues to transform our lives and the literature within them.  Nothing  any other writer of his generation wrote, and few of any generation, can  compare to many of the sentences in FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS. Consider such  jewels as El Sordo's reflection on life and death when he knows, for good  and for sure, that he will not see another dawn: &quot;Living was a hawk in  the sky.&quot;  Robert Jordan's reflections throughout the book give us  insight, as other readers have noted in the reviews in Amazon.com, into  Hemingway's philosophy but also into Hemingway's ability to create and  develop a well-rounded, full-blooded, fully-dimensional man.  Hemingway  based Jordan on Robert Merriwell, an American guerrilla fighter in the war  who disappeared in the Guadarrama mountains while on a mission behind the  Fascist lines.  Merriwell, like Jordan, was from Montana and formerly, a  college Spanish professor.     But &quot;living was a hawk in the  sky.&quot;  Yes. Hemingway reminds us in FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS that life  is ever more precious for the dreams we dare, the love we share, and the  lives we save (most importantly, our own).  Jordan possesses none of the  nihilism and preoccupation with the self of Hemingway's earlier  protagonists.  For anyone who thinks this novel does not relate to our  so-called cynical age, I would urge them to take a trip to the Thai-Burmese  border.  My literature students in Northern Thailand said this was the one  novel I assigned them--they read THE GREAT GATSBY, IN DUBIOUS BATTLE, FOR  WHOM THE BELL TOLLS, and MAN'S FATE--which they could deeply identify with.  <br />FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS could've been over 1, 000 pages and it still would read as compelling, as intriguing, and as wise as it does in the original 471 page first edition.  It speaks to the oppression of the human spirit, an oppression that continues to haunt mankind. It will speak, both as a testament to love and courage and hope and as a warning against indifference and selfishness and cowardice, for all time. Hemingway does in this novel what he continues to do in THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA: teach us that literature is at its best when it gives us life lessons, and not merely reflections on living.  Viva Hemingway.
B00000ADG2|1.0|Okay, where do I start?  First there is that piano repeating that same annoying motif over and over again in &quot;Doo Wop&quot; (DING DING DING  DING DING DING DING DING all throughout the song)  And then some songs like  &quot;Ex Factor&quot; and &quot;Superstar&quot; just drag out and end up  putting me to sleep.  &quot;Everything is Everything&quot; may be the only  decent song on the CD.  And what are those interludes?  I bet twenty  minutes of this entire CD consists of those kids talking in class.  No  wonder this CD was almost seventy-eight minutes in length!  Her ideas are  good, but maybe she should just write a book instead.
B000021XR5|4.0|Down, Heaven &amp; Hot Rods, Church on Teus., No way Out, and the best song STP has done yet--Glide.<br />Sure, the length is thin, but the sound is  great.  One thing creeps me out, though.  That picture of Weiland inside  the CD is incredibly scary.  He does not look well and it scares the hell  out of me just looking at it.  What a creepy dude he is. Yeah, they've sold  out.....yadda yadda.  But it sounds good.
6301955676|2.0|What a great idea-bring the dead back to life. Actually, they are 'REANIMATED'. With one little shot to the head all dead things can be  reanimated. With:  a BETTER script, BETTER acting, BETTER filming, BETTER  effects, this COULD'VE been a good film. It looks like a rush job fresh  from the 1-hour place.
0780624890|5.0|This is a great movie if you like action movies. The storyline does not interfere with action. It has some great effects. The train scene is  awesome on dolby digital.
B00000DMJF|3.0|I grew up with the beatles. Born in 1957,ok. It became apparent very early in life that what you ever hear about the Beatles. You probable could'nt  believe it. When this double album came out in 1968,remember now i'm 11,ok.  Ther were two other double albums.(electric ladyland,Hendrix also Wheels of  fire,Cream) So as far as the best guitar album of the year. No way!  After  you have listened to this album as many times as I have, Always heard  &quot;the Beatles were never even in the studio together at the same  time.&quot; Everybody got to do there own thing. Maybe thats why everything  sounds like early embryonic solo stuff. Think of it this way.  Maybe if she wouldn't go,John would have stayed at home. But the one thing  that is chilling with the WHITE ALBUM. growing up in L.A. hearing how  Charlie Manson's perversive nature transulated the lyrics into his own dark  utopia was scary at the time.But it's just a really cool record.Let me go  ahead an change that to 5 STARS.
B00000J7I3|5.0|THIS IS THE VERY BEST ALBUM THEY HAD PUT OUT. MOST BANDS FIRST ALBUM IS JUST O.K., BUT THEY OUT DID THEIR SELVES ON THIS ONE. THEY MADE AN  EVERLASTING IMPRESSION WITH THIS ONE. ALL THEIR OTHER ONES ARE GREAT TOO.  IF YOU DON'T HAVE THIS ONE. GET IT!
B000002KEV|5.0|That was just what I did. This was my band in 1973. This sounds like they were into it big time. If you have never herd Deep Purple before or are  wandering which one to buy for the first time. This is it. Also if you can  get URIAH HEEP,LIVE from 1973. Listen to them together. Both make a real  good balance between guitar &amp; organ. You will say to yourself&quot;How  come nobody has been able to do that seens then.&quot; How come i'm still  listening to Deep Purple. Never ABANDON a good thing. Makes a great x-mas  gift to.
B00000K19E|5.0|I think that The Matrix is one of the best movies ever.  It has some technical errors (involving the guns and plot) but it still good.  I saw  the movie three times and just bought the DVD.  It's worth it!
B000002GKT|5.0|This has got to be the greatest &quot;dope smoken&quot; album of all time. Rockin' the Fillmore,does just that. You can hear the &quot;cast of  thousands&quot; just having a really good time. You'll be able to even hear  a wine bottle falling down somewere in the background. Thats why Humble  Pie's next album had to be called Smokin'. Because that's just what you  will want to do. Rockin' the Fillmore makes a great x-mas gift for that  lower,middleclass,longhair,teenage,whiteboy guitar playen' potsmoken son or  daughter. Dad &amp; Mom to.  THANKS.<br />&quot;
B00000K2SE|4.0|This is one of the better directorials of the two brothers that has been around the market place.  For those of you with the desire for  science-fiction/drama movies that have plot and depth...this could be the  one for you.  Happy watching!!!!  &quot;)
067158037X|5.0|This book should come with a warning! You will never be the same again. Frank Mc Cord will live in your heart and soul for the rest of your life.  It is a sad moment when the book is finished,because you will feel that you  are saying good bye to a loved friend.
080010367X|4.0|Vincent D'Onofrio is a riot as the evil bug that doesn't quite fit into the farmers skin. They have got some pretty neat weapons [you know, the  noisy cricket etc.].Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones are the perfect match,  don't you think!
B000007T1M|5.0|System of a Down is one of the most talented groups out there right now.  They are influenced by a variety of cultures, beliefs, and forms of music.   They can have a soothing melody like &quot;Spiders&quot; and then come back  with some hard-core force with tracks such as &quot;Know&quot; and  &quot;Sugar.&quot;  For those of you who don't appreciate what they say,  you shouldn't be listening to anything but N'Sync!  This type of music is  for those who are hard-core and want to hear new innovative music, and SOAD  is the perfect group to make adrenaline flow through your body and pump you  up!
B00000K2SC|5.0|that it looked like it was aimed towards the moronic youth of today with horrible &quot;hip&quot; music  and pretty damn primitive dialog.  the  movie doesent make you think either, its not deep enough too, if the fact  that we are all living in a computer program and used as duracell batteries  provokes deep thought, i really feel sorry for you. this movie is a  classic, holds up after many many many viewings, like any classic should.  and i look forward to the sequels. so get this one, its waaaay better than  star wars: episode 1.
0061002593|5.0|Heyer is absolutely the Queen of Regency romances, and Venetia is, as far as I'm concerned, her best. An independent woman determined to resist her  two insistent suitors and take good care of her younger borther; she meets  her new neighbour, Damerel, the most notorious rake in England. At first he  is tempted to seduce her, but later becomes protective towards her. Then,  when her older brother marries and she is forced to leave her home for  London, she thinks she will never see Damerel again. Desperate measures are  called for...<br />This is not a typical Regency; Venetia is not a blushing  debutante, and Damerel is not a dandified town gentleman. But the  characters are delightfully appealing and Damerel is such a wonderful,  down-to-earth hero! Read it, re-read it, treasure it for ever. I do.
0767819543|5.0|This is the kind of movie I want to see over and over again. Fernanda Montenegro acting is a knock out. The whole cast is so real and  fascinating. High points to newcomer Vinicius de Oliveira - a great find,  and Marilia Pera as Dora's neighbor. What a treat!!!
B000007T1M|4.0|Well, this one is a little harder to review than some of the others. The music: fast paced metal...and rather *creative* guitar parts...the lyrics  are, well...creative. You either agree with Serj/SOAD's political views  (that's what the whole CD is...Serj's opinion of political issues) or you  don't.The one word I would use to describe this album is  &quot;unique&quot;. You don't hear much music like system of a  down...you'll either love this album, or you'll hate it. If you're a  politically ctive person with anarchistic/rebellious views, than this album  is definitely for you (line in the cd: &quot;let us instigate the revolt,  down with the system!&quot;).But, no matter what I say about Serj's  lyrics/propaganda, I cannot take away the fact that the music is terrific.  Daron Malakian (guitar/background vocals) is certainly a good guitar  player, and his riffs truly make the album listenable.You'll either love it  or hate it. You're gonna have to chance it.
0812931017|5.0|Fabulous Book.  I have little time to read so I choose what I read very carefully and feel cheated if a book is not extraordinary.<br />A wonderful  insight into an incredible man.
B000000XB9|5.0|My son is 18 years old, his fav artist is Will Smith. He has had my copy of Chronicle for the last three month's and won't give it back, I can't  think of a better way to sum up the enduring appeal of CCR who are  criminally ignored in the UK these days. John Fogerty's vocals are just  incredible, rasping, rocking, brilliant. Every track is a classic, even  CCR's version of Grapevine which surely is the only other version worth  comparing with Marvin Gay's.  The only fault with this album is the  omission of Born on the Bayou. Buy it.
B000002MFQ|3.0|when i heard tb1, that was really shocking and fantastic, but tb2 was little bit weak&amp;too warm,but i listend over&amp;over, i thoght even tb2  is not good enough but still mike is genius.
B000002LQD|5.0|This is my personal choice for the best album Reed has ever released.  I think its something one has to listen to in order to appreciate, not read a  review about it.  The level of emotional intensity reached hear is  extremely rare in popular music.    This is not easy listening, especially for anyone who has experienced the untimely loss of a loved one.  Every song on this - a true concept album if there ever was one - has a purpose, as Lou takes us through his personal experience of grieving.  Most listeners will find much to relate to.
6305165912|5.0|This movie is without a doubt the most crude and funniest of all time. From Walter's discussions of the Rambam to the Dude's listening to a tape  of bowling, it has something for everybody.
B000002LE6|5.0|This is my personal choice for best Prince album.  More so than any other Prince album, it works brilliantly as a complete song cycle-- and lyrically  Prince has rarely been sharper.  <br />I would love to hear a digitally  remastered version, as the sound quality on this CD does not have the punch  that it should-- the bass end is way too light.  But that is a technical  gripe, not an artistic one.  The production is very dense and full of all  sorts of idiosyncracies that make this the one-of-a-kind masterwork of a  very gifted artist.
B00000ILBK|5.0|This movie was great, not the best in the series, but a great movie by its self, excellent story ans casting and special effects....Great job  Paramount<br />The only problem I had was with the little 10-minute behind the  scenes featurette, i mean come on, a little bit more please!! For those of  you who don't know this is the same featurette that was and probably still  is on the STInsurrection website, paramount didn't really put any effort  into this.
B000002N9L|3.0|After \\"The Gold Experience\\" and 1992's \\"O(+>\\", this just may be my personal fave '90s Prince record.  Sure, its merely a  tossed-off set of throwaways designed to fulfill his Warners contract, but  its just so much fun.  A lot of rock-oriented tracks, with plenty of loud  electric guitar (something we haven't been hearing enough of on the last  few Prince CDs).  Particularly good are \\"I Like It There,\\" \\"Dinner With Delores,\\" and \\"The Same December.\\"     Funny how much better this is than his previous contract filler, \\"Come.\\"  Yet somehow \\"Come\\" is often cited by fans as superior to \\"Chaos and Disorder.\\"  Huh????
0345350499|5.0|My most favorite book of all time and i've read thousands.  This book had such depth of emotionally available characters and history that I never  wanted it to end.  King Arthur is my ideal man and Marion Zimmer Bradley  poured life into him beyond any other retelling of the Arthurian legends.   I will reread this book MANY MANY MANY times in my life.
B00001R3GI|5.0|If you have never heard this CD beyond the hits Happy and Tumbling Dice, you will hate this CD after the first listen. Then you will listen to it  again and something will drift out of the murk and catch your ear. Then you  will listen again... and again... and again... and finally you will realize  its brilliance. This CD was summarily trashed by the critics in 1972, then  raised to the level of a masterpiece before the end of the decade. You,  too, will have the same experience.
630562285X|5.0|I love the DVD programs and movies, however I hate the fact that you pay all that money for larger screens and then have to settle for only the wide  screen format. It sucks, put them out in dual format so people can get what  they want, not just what the film makers want.
6302820448|5.0|Wow. I came here to gush about this film but I see others have beaten me to the punch. Oh, what the heck...Brilliant film in a subtle, understated way. It works as a comedy, as a romance, and, most importantly, as a life  lesson. In fact this film could serve as a light hearted but effective  primer for existential philosophy. Note Bill Murry's character development  in the film: He starts off his existential quest completely self serving  seeking out physical gratification (don't we all). Then, when faced with  the meaningless repetition of each of his 'days', he despairs. Only later  when he comes to accept and even embrace the repetition of each Groundhog's  Day does he find his salvation. For more reading on this theme check out  Albert Camus' The Myth of Sisyphus and The Stranger.
0792839218|4.0|Picture this: A 5 year old girl trapped, helpless, in an overturned and burning automobile. Therein lies the true horror of this film. This movie  is positively chilling! A reincarnation storyline that doesn't need  elaborate special effects or excessive blood and gore to keep the hairs on  the back of your neck tingling. The plot doesn't suffer in the transition  from book to big screen, even though it does lose some detail. If you like  70's era occult flicks (like The Reincarnation Of Peter Proud, Magic or The  Amityville Horror), then you should like this.
B000002A33|4.0|like R.E.M.'s New Adventures in Hi-Fi, it's a classic record that slipped through the cracks.  The band screamed in the shadows of Pearl Jam, and  then just like that, grunge was &quot;dead&quot;.  Surprise, folks...this  album is as good as just about anything Pearl Jam, or any grunge band for  that matter, have ever released...<br />Don't believe me?  Read the critics'  viewpoints...this is one of the few times they can all agree on something:  &quot;Dust&quot; rocks!!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Non-stop emotion from a band that truly has a message for us all- Don't Give Up the Fight! In a world of ignornace its nice to see something that can pull us out and make us see the light.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|I just bought this CD today and was satisfied, but it didn't blow me away like their first recording did.  It was worth the money I paid for, and I would recommend it over Evil Empire by a mile, but their best is still the  self-titled that came out first.
6301880447|5.0|An excellent work. Mr. Levine is faithfull to G. Puccini's musical drama and the singers convey the tragic and emotional moments of the plot with  full force. The voice of Eva Marton is outstandingly apt for the role of  Turandot. Beautiful costumes. Franco Zeffirelli's coreography, as usual,  leaves nothing to be desired.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|So she's not the most talented singer in the world.  The point is that her songs are enjoyable and fun.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Very powerful and very intense.  As good as their first album, but for very different reasons.  They put a new slant on their sound to make it very cool
6304258984|5.0|This movie is worth the money. Nicolas Cage &amp; Sean Connery shine! Vanessa Marcil, who plays Cage's girlfriend, really shows her acting  skills. Hopefully we will see her in a lot more movies.
B000002JSP|4.0|This album was to be their final effort as a band. It certainly was a step in a new direction, and one that not everyone was ready for. But the elements that make Led Zeppelin a legend are still here.<br />&quot;In the  Evening&quot; is a stunning cruncher of a song, &quot;Fool in the  Rain&quot; is a fun jaunt, &quot;Caroselambra&quot; was a step in a whole  new direction for the band, &quot;All My Love&quot; is the most tender song  Zep ever did and one of Plant's most heartfelt vocals, and &quot;I'm Gonna  crawl&quot; is a sprawling bluesy number with great guitar &amp; shredding  vocals.<br />Above all, this album is known as the one that John Paul Jones  really flexed his musical muscle &amp; held everything together. His  influence is huge, which is probably why it's the least &quot;classic&quot;  Zep sounding album. Not that this is nessicarily a bad thing. Page's  influence is felt, but he definately took a back seat. Jonesy was driving  this time. Page still manages some great licks &amp; atmospherics, Bonzo  still kicks out bone-crushing beats, and Plant's maturity as a vocalist  shines (he couldn't have done &quot;All My Love&quot; in the early  70's).<br />Okay....&quot;In Through the Out Door&quot; is certainly not the  stongest album in Led Zeppelin's discography. Quite possibly their worst  (between this &amp; &quot;Presence&quot;). <br />But then again, many bands  would KILL to have an album of this quality to be claimed their  &quot;worst&quot; recording. Certainly not the first album by Zep to  purchase, but still a must have.
B000021Y77|4.0|It's creative and fun, but a bit overrated by people. I can't see too deep a meaning from this &quot;music video with a plot&quot;. Admittedly it's a  must buy for it's originality.
6302968143|4.0|. . . Comment was what I ment to say . . . <br />Hocus Pocus is thee funnest movie ever! ! ! The onley part that I diden't like was when no one believed  dannie, Max, and Alson. That really got to me . They lissend to the   sanderson sisters when they shoulden't have ! Even when Dannie said, &quot;  Don't listen to them ! Listen to them not!&quot; and they listend to them !  That really ticked me off . Sorry I just had to say that. Well, gotta go  know and have some omre candy and watch star wars
6302794331|5.0|I saw this movie when I was in the fourth grade and my best friend and I still watch it every Veterans Day to start off the holiday season. It's  tradition. Everyone should buy this movie.
0393039765|3.0|Just as FX network's 'The X-Show' and copy 'The Man Show' cater to the unattended needs of...well, men, so Chuck Palahniuk caters to the  unattended needs of men who read. I like this book, but I find the wanton  slathering of testosterone that accompanies all such  &quot;counter-programming&quot; distasteful...Plot:I'm a yuppie male  dissatisfied with the empty life my high paying job has brought me. So, to  feel better I invent a pure trailor trash alter ego and fight strangers in  the basement of a bar./But I still liked the book.
0688156819|5.0|The book contained numerous poems written by Tim Burton!  Each one was clever and unique and very funny!  I advise that not just Tim Burton fans buy this item!  But all should buy it!  Yeah!
0385495315|5.0|Before Singh's &quot;Code Book&quot; came on the scene, the only other book I knew about is Kahn's &quot;Codebreakers&quot;. I don't have the time to read such a large text as Kahn's book, so I was very pleased when this  book became available.<br />Singh has done a very nice job of demonstrating  how deep an impact cryptography has on history. He opens the book by  recounting Mary Queen of Scots' conspiracy to have Queen Elizabeth murdered  and how she attempted to use encryption to cloak her intentions. It was a  very exciting way to open the book.<br />Singh has found the right combination  of technical detail, historical detail, and character  development.<br />Singh's explanation of how the German WWII Enigma functioned  is exceptional. He made it very easy (and fun) to understand.<br />Singh's  last chapter is also very neat on the subject of quantum cryptography.  Though I have a BS in computer science, I'm no physics genius and Singh did  a nice job of making (what I consider) difficult physics concepts easy to  understand and of showing how they can be applied to modern  cryptography.<br />Although I don't know a thing about &quot;Fermat's last  theorem&quot;, I've been so pleased with Singh's writing style that I'm  considering reading that book also just to see what it is all about.<br />If  you like codes/ciphers and want to read about their impact on history  without reading a thousand pages then get this book. You'll be happy you  did.
B00000K3UU|5.0|WELL SANDLER CANNOT SEEM TO MAKE A BAD FILM. I KEEP WAITING. I THOUGHT THIS ONE WOULD SUCK BECAUSE FROM THE PREVEIWS IT SEEMED LIKE A MODERN ROB  WILLIAMS FAMILY MOVIE, BUT IT WAS INCREDIBLY FUNNY. TASTLESS HUMOR IS BACK  WITH SANDLER AND AUSTIN POWERS. THE OLDEST JOKES IN THE BOOK ARE ALWAYS  FUNNY IF TOLD BY A PROFESSIONAL!
B00000J7J4|5.0|I am just seventeen and my friends told me I was weird because I bought this CD, but now they cant stop hearing it.   Santana is great and as older as he gets, the wiser he gets.    Just Love it!
B000002TLX|5.0|This is the very best work from an artist who appeals to a wide audience with a broad variety of tastes.  His music has good quality lyrics without  a lot of harsh, loud tones.
B00000K3UR|5.0|Adam Sandler is my alltime favorite comedian, who has helped me appreciate my heritage through his comedy. This movie proves what a great man he can  be, as of all his movies, Hillareous, definatley worth seeing!
B00000JZIK|5.0|Don't read the back panel, don't listen to your friends or enemies, watch this movie but watch it and pay attention; that is what I did and it is one  of if not the greatest movie I have ever seen!
0802713319|4.0|I never saw the  NOVA TV show, but I am sure the book is much better. It is a relatively quick read, the author never gets too far away from the  topic and your attention is never lost. The math is made simple, but I  suppose because Wiles work was so complicated the last portions are  difficult to grasp-math wise- for a non-academic as myself. Some of the  history, especially of Galois, is very entertaining but the math history  found in the book &quot;the history of Pi&quot; was better.
B00000G3PA|3.0|OK, this movie is not all that good.  I liked some parts of it, but I found it nearly impossible to follow some of the action later in the  movie.<br />The only thing saving this movie is Jerry Bruckheimer.  I am a  huge fan of his, and I loved The Rock which was produced by Bruckheimer and  directed by Michael Bay.  I think Bay did a good job this time, but the  movie just turned out bad.
0446525537|4.0|I guess I am a sentimental fool, but I loved this latest from Nicholas Sparks.  He has a way of touching the very heart and soul of his characters and readers.  Married young, a product of the 50's, I was exceptionally  taken by his descriptions of the pain felt by the rather outcast Jamie -  everyone has met one of these girls.  I have been lucky enough to be  married to my high school sweetheart for 43 years and I could feel every  emotion with every line written. I read all types of books - not romances  exclusively - but Nicholas Sparks is a must read in my house.  No f-word,  no degradation of characters, just good, clean emotions.  Thanks again to  this really special author.
0688101364|5.0|I have had this book for years and I use it every year. It is such a beautiful book to just sit with and read. The pictures are gorgeous. The  writing is warm and friendly and the recipes are laid out in a very clear  fashion. My favorite is the Mahogony Toffee which I have made every year  for the last 10 years or so (oddly enough--it is a candy not a cookie!). I  also have made the stained glass butter cookies for several years. Rose's  recipe for Peanut Butter thumbprint cookies is about the best you will ever  find. This is the first time I have ever bothered to write a review for  Amazon. This book is such a good investment! Enjoy!
B00000JCB3|5.0|All the songs are great, and everything rocks
0688101364|5.0|Just an adendum. After reading all the reviews I noticed a lot of folks had trouble with the bindings of their books. I have had mine since 1990  (when it first came out if I recall correctly) and the binding is fine but  I guess plenty slipped through the cracks. That is too bad since this is  such a beautiful book that one really wants to own and pass on to the next  generation.
6303212379|5.0|this movie brings back a lot of memories growing up...  i still watch it on a regular basis just to hear that cyndi lauper song cuz you can't get it ANYWHERE...
630471288X|5.0|This is, without a doubt, the best movie I have ever seen.  I have been waiting months for the DVD to be released.  It's like the Professional, if  you ever see a portion while channel surfing, you're compelled to watch the  remainder--regardless of the time of night or state of mind.
6304711921|5.0|I do not like Halloween day so much, but I became to love this DVD title. Music is so excellent that I sometimes play this just to listen it. Sound  and visual effects are great. I found that most kids coming to my home love  this title too.
B000002J1S|5.0|Well, yes, fantastic. An album I've been regularly listening to since it's release, before and after The Wall came and left; as strong as it is, there  is no substitute to The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway, the tour-de-force of  Pete and The Boys. I'm a little confused over the confusion concerning the  subject matter, though; surely it is a musical depiction of a heroin user  in NYC, with the biblical allusions rife as ever?
0780622650|4.0|I enjoyed excellnet Dolby 5.1 sound effects of this movie.
6305513406|4.0|The Star Trek on DVD are wonderful. The quality of the picture and sound from DVD is a ten. My only complant is after every episode you have to press the play button on you DVD player. It stops and tells you what the  next episode is. Who cares what the next episode is, just play it. This  does not happen when you play your CD's. You dont have to hit the play  button every time the song ends. This really needs to be fixed in the next  releases so you can setup your &quot;Repeat Disk&quot; options.
B000001ESP|4.0|While many call this album'progressive'-and justifiably so-it is more than that:it is a self-contained universe of musicianship and ideas that transcends boundaries.The fantastic interplay between the musicians on this  record has more to do with jazz than rock;at the same time they manage to  understate their great virtuosity with the result of creating a classical  musical tableau-it is probably one of the great recordings of the century.
B0000040IF|5.0|In the genre of UHF with &quot;Weird&quot; Al Yancovic comes this parody of &quot;Star Wars&quot; that is just TOO funny.  Guaranteed to get a laugh  out of the toughest audience with some of the funniest men and women in  comedy.  Do yourself a favor some time and rent this one. If it fails to  get a chuckle out of you, I suggest you check your pulse! &quot;May the  schwartz be with you!&quot;
B0000062GK|4.0|This is probably Satriani's best effort in the nineties,a brilliant statement from a musician who can combine out-of -this -world virtuosity with ideas,rhytm and,most importantly,feeling.Displaying an impressive  command of the fretboard,he never forgets harmony and atmosphere.This  record is a best of genre.
1881273156|5.0|This was a really super book.  It helped me to understand why my husband and I felt like we were doing everything we could for each other, but it wasn't enough. It is very easy to read and understand and the most helpful  book I've read.
B00000JBFW|4.0|Their 1984 reunion as Deep Purple needs no better justification than this gem-and it can safely be considered so even by those who are perfect strangers to the band-while Gillan is past his prime vocal form here,they  make up for it on the instrumental side which is Deep Purple at its best.
B000001FQ8|5.0|By my estimation, this is absolutely the most underrated album of the folk-rock genre.  A compelling, dynamic collection of songs.  &quot;Martha Say&quot; and &quot;Jackie Brown&quot; are masterful.  But the tone of the  album is made whole by two seemingly interconnected creations: &quot;Void  in My Heart&quot; and &quot;Big Daddy of Them All&quot;.  If you like  Scarecrow's more reflective moments, you'll love Big Daddy.  And if, by  some fluke or oversight, you don't already own Scarecrow, buy it too.
B000002LK1|5.0|While these boys from Basildon had been making catchy singles for almost ten years , Depeche Mode had yet to release a truly great album until Violator.  Their previous efforts are not bad by any standards(except maybe  moral ones), but none of them have the consistant, song after song  greatness of Violator.  <br />Every track has its place on the album, from the  killer singles &quot;Enjoy the Silence&quot; and &quot;Policy of  Truth&quot; to the lesser known dancefloor wonders &quot;World in my  Eyes&quot; and &quot;Halo&quot;.  And of course it wouldn't be a true  post-Vince Clarke Depeche Mode album wothout a few slow groovers like  &quot;Waiting for the Night to Fall&quot; and &quot;Blue Dress&quot;.  Even  the bluegrass guitar licks of &quot;Personal Jesus&quot; are eerily catchy  and fulfilling to the ear.<br />And like all classics, if you only listen to  this once, you'll never realize the true greatness of this work. Layer upon  layer of dark pop perfection.
0767811038|2.0|The story stinks but it has the best special effects I've everseen.  The film is worth watching once or twice for the effects but only those who have been raised on MELROSE PLACE and 90210 will think it is an outstanding story.
6305470464|5.0|This film was very well written, casted, directed and filmed. I truly enjoyed every minute that it showed the way real people feel about honest feelings. Any viewer can find something in the movie that reaches out and  grips them. As usual, Sean Connery shines, along with a hugely talented  cast. A must-see, I say.
B00000JPHD|5.0|Glass continues to extend the range of his minimalism in brilliant directions.  Here he solidifies his place, rare among even the greatest  composers, as one who is able to remain extremely creative in the latter  stages of his career.  This is arguably his best work since Einstein on the  Beach, and certainly stands out among his works as by far his most  neo-classical while retaining the elements that are distinctly Glass.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|RATM at their best. This album still holds dear to their roots. Great songs, great lyrics, great beats. There is no doubt that RATM is still leading the way. Fav songs: TESTIFY  GUERILLA RADIO MIC CHECK and MARIA
B0000025HU|5.0|This is the best record I've ever heard. And hey, I've heard 'em all.
0425152251|5.0|I would love to read more books of this genre.  I have recommended this book to my bright inquisitive 12 year old nephew and adults who like  intellectual fantasy.  This book isn't meant for the true scholar, but if  you've always wished you uderstood more about the development of  philosophical thought, but prefer novels to dry textbooks, this is the book  for you.
B0000024SD|5.0|I rented &quot;Don't Look Back&quot; this weekend and it was just so interesting to see Bob Dylan's frame of mind during the time of  &quot;Bringing It All Back Home.&quot; You rarely hear critics mention this  one, but I think this is Dylan's best. This shows his rawest (and best)  rock &amp; roll sides. It also has the most brilliant acoustic songs he  would ever do. This really is the beginning of rock's new ethics &amp;  swagger. I'm 17 and it's finally clicked how important Dylan was. I doubt  you'll ever &quot;get&quot; Bob Dylan without this. There would be no  &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; without it. (which means no pet sounds, which means  no sgt. pepper, which means no...you get the point.)<br />P.S.  Allen Ginsburg  once said this was his favorite rock &amp; roll record. That's just about  the best compliment anyone could ask for.
0394492196|5.0|Ain't nothing finer than JLeCarre's George Smiley. And for me Sir Alex Guiness is Smiley. I get a real rush just thinking about George Smiley.   <br />Required reading!
0790733226|5.0|I love this movie so much.  It gets better and better each time you watch it.  Jodie Foster is amazing.  She really got snubbed at the Academy  Awards.  That was a real injustice.  The part where she has just reached  Vega and she starts saying &quot;It's so beautiful, so beautiful...&quot;  something about that just chokes me up more than almost anything.
B000000OYQ|2.0|Boring.  I love Zep and most of what Jimmy has done but this one didn't end up in bargain bins for nothing.  Move on!
B000005S27|2.0|After listening to this album, I can understand now why Take That never broke into the American market. Not funky enough to dance to, not soulful  enough to fall in love to, Take That represents the blandest of elevator  music.
B0000087ZE|5.0|Boheme, is Deep Forest's best collection of Eclectic rhythms and song. Following in past tradition of New Age, World and Dance Music this CD offers a variety of sound for everyone. I particularly enjoy the track  &quot;While the Earth Sleeps &quot;, which is a performed by Deep Forest  and artist Peter Gabriel. This song was off the Soundtrack of the  Futuristic movie Strange Days. Overall, Boheme is an appropriate name for  this CD and the Bonus Tracks make it especially worth the buy.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|A tour de force.  No one knows the repercussions  an album like this could have on cities world-wide. Rage are a bunch of Mao-quoting, Kafka-reading, propaganda-spreading political ninjas, while at the same time getting  funkier, rocking louder, and getting more innovative with each album. and  that's why they're loved so much by moshing  frat boys and left-wing  intellectual extremists  alike.  Um, I found the last half of the album  to  be rather more agreeable than the first. Is Timmy's new name clever or  what?  Or what?!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|After 5 years of no albums, I think it was about time for Rage to come out with their newest.  Battle of LA is completely different from the previous  RATM you've heard, yet it still has Rage's excellent and incredible musical  ability. There is more concentration on drums, rather than Tom Morello's  guitar. What more can I say?  This album is just awesome.  It definitely is  all it was cracked up to be.
B000020617|5.0|This CD is great, once again the foo Fighters know how to bring back their own style of rock but in an innovative way.  Generator is an example of  that, if you like Everlong you'll like this song, and learn to fly can be  compared to some of their less hard core rock like some of their earliest  stuff on the self titled album.  You gotta get this, it's just awesome....
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Finally a new Rage album,I've been waiting almost four years for this CD to come out.And it don't disapoint,It's their best work so far.Every song has some of the best guitar work ever,for any recording ever.The best song  by far is &quot;MIC CHECK&quot;.Watch out KoRn,Limp,Kid,cause the inventors  are back,and u going down!RAGE RULES ALL!
6302902010|3.0|I don't know about Sydney Poitier's feelings about the 1958 version of Porgy and Bess but, from what I've read, the Gershwin family wasn't  impressed and it is the Gershwin estate that will not allow the video  release of that version.  Having said that, I liked this version, the 1958  cast was a hard act to follow but I think they did admirably.
B00000AFFF|4.0|Two living legends unite- and the result is close to perfect. Flawless production &amp; Costello's best vocal to date. You wont be dissapointed.
B000002MFN|5.0|This has got to be Madonna's most under-rated album ever made. It's fanastic. I cannot believe the critics dare bash this CDs. Her most influential music ever put out by an artist. I believe this is great music,  especially during SEX. I love the book, the CD, and her movie (Body Of  Evidence). All these elements, together, made a wonderful concept for her  album! It's the best! If you ever wanted 2 hear real music, listen to  EROTICA. I love how she intertwine blues and house music w/ pop. It's  brilliant!!!
B000002572|5.0|If this album came out while you were in high school (or just before in my case), you had it.  Period.  It was that much a cultural phenom at the time.  Tremendous over-the-top sound with occasional bits of truly subtle,  instrumental genius.  More Than A Feeling and Foreplay/Long Time stand as  true rock classics from the 70's.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|This is easily RATM's best record! There is not a bad song on it! But why the 4 star rating? It's time for the band to evolve. The music rocks, but the delivery of the vocals and solos are still &quot;been there, done  that&quot;! I was hoping for Zach's vocals to be more along the lines of  his actual attempt at &quot;singing&quot; as he did in their cover of  &quot;The Ghost of Tom Joad&quot;. Maybe this is still an angry period for  him as it is reflected in his lyrics. But, if they don't want to become a  stagnant band, then it's time for them to rethink the evolution of their  sound. I'm not telling them to go &quot;pop&quot;, even thought their  current MTV exposure might just ruin them. I'd like them to remain  &quot;underground&quot; to us true fans and try a little experimentation  with their sound, that's all!
B000000WA4|5.0|If you want a cd to listen to and love and cherish forever, this cd is for you.  This cd is quite impossible to get sick of.  This cd has a variety of songs.  Some are quiet, some are slow, some are fast, some are loud.  Just  when you think you have the music figured out, it turns in the opposite  direction and surprises you again.  The lyrics are very genius sounding.  Very much like poetry.  This music is perfect for the mainstream  alternative person.
B000002LND|5.0|After all these years, Madonna still has the great sound. I just recently bought this CD and it is fanastic. I always knew her songs were great, but until I owed the CD, it's fanastic! you should get the IMMACULATE  COLLECTION. It's properly the best compliation that Madonna put out,  (compared to YOU CAN DANCE). GO OUT AND BUY IT!!
B0000025C0|2.0|Probably should be 2 and a half stars.  Pretty much more of the same as the debut but not nearly as interesting, except for the title track and A Man I'll Never Be, both of what are excellent tracks.  The thing I noticed  is that Boston album sides got progressively worse on the first two albums.   Boston Side 1 was truly exceptional, Side 2 was very, very good.  Boston's  Don't Look Back Side 1 was good, and Side 2 was, well, it was there.
B00001OH7G|4.0|ANYONE REPLACING THEIR OLD 2-RECORD SET OF THIS GREAT LIVE ALBUM SHOULD BEWARE.  THEY'VE OMITTED &quot;JUST A LITTLE BIT&quot; (A PERSONAL  FAVORITE) AND ADDED &quot;MARITIME&quot;.  ONLY THE &quot;ORIGINAL&quot;  IMPORT HAS THE ORIGINAL TRACK SELECTION.  BUT WHAT THE HEY, IT'S STILL A  CLASSIC FROM THE 70's. ROCK ON, RORY G!
0380977281|2.0|It seems to me that Neil Gaiman is simply using writing as a stepping stone to his real interest which is movies and lunch at the Four Seasons in  Beverly Hills. Nauseating, especially after seeing Princess Monotony.
B000002J1I|5.0|Since 1973, Yes fans have been waiting for a follow up to Close to the Edge, one of the best albums in rock history. This is not it. But it is  still a strong album loaded with great Steve Howe guitar, Wakeman  keyboards, and Anderson vocals on quality songs. Arriving UFO and Circus of  Heaven are two of the worst songs in the entire Yes catalog; however, the  rest of the album is so strong it holds a 5-star rating. Just program your  cd player to skip tracks 5 and 6 and sit back and enjoy the rest.
B000002O51|4.0|Very good recovery after Don't Look Back, which was not nearly as good as the debut.  Third Stage has many strong songs Amanda, The Launch/Cool The Engines, My Destination.  And I Think I Like It thru Can't Ya Say/Still In  Love, Holly Ann together are great and end the disc on a very high note.
B00000099Y|5.0|If you are not a Tool fan, buy this CD and you will be hooked!  The wonderful thing about this band is that all four member play equal roles.   Maynard's talented voice, Danny Carey's adrenaline pumping rhythms, and  wonder bass lines and guitar riffs delivered from Justin Chancellor and  Adam Jones just really get you in the mood for metal.  THIS IS DEFINITELY  AN ALBUM YOU NEED TO GET!
0453009115|5.0|Shows most of us the goals we should set for ourselves...
B00000K31V|1.0|I love sci-fi movies, but this one I found to be boring. The only reason why I have rented it in the beginning was to see Kris Lemche in it. When I  have read about them playing a game, I thought it was going to be somewhat  like The LawnMower man. Well part 2, but it was far from it. I haven't seen  the Matrix yet, but the previews for the Matrix looks good and I have heard  that it is a good movie as well.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage has always been the best band ever with such strong lyrics from Zack. This cd proves to be better than any of thier albums which seems hard to believe. I've been following them more than 3 years and they are still my  favorite band. BUY ALL 3 CD's IF YOU HAVE'NT ALREADY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000002MTU|5.0|Intense, right down to the soles of your feet!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|You can take your Limp Bizkit and your Korn and your Kid Rock and you can keep them.<br />Rage Against the Machine has managed to stay within their genre of rock/rap, and yet they have grown enough to keep it interesting.  Knocked over by their first self-titled release, I was entirely skeptical  when &quot;Evil Empire&quot; came out--I figured it would be more of the  same.  But then, like now, the songs show no repeated standard formula, no  reliance on the hooks of their self-titled release.  Thematically, as well,  the songs on &quot;Los Angeles&quot; are entirely new--you won't find  rehashed issues or reiterated rhymes.<br />I don't want to bore you with  lengthy collegiate comparisons, but if you dug the last album, you'll find  this one just as thought-provoking, even more musically interesting--but  most importantly, it really rocks.<br />As for Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit and  Korn, they should be embarrassed.  They have remained in the spotlight with  ripped-off 80's metal licks and still manage to say nothing at all.  That  really doesn't have much to do with &quot;The Battle of Los Angeles,&quot;  but I just find it interesting that such a great album as this one will be  found in the same shopping basket as the musical equivalent of raw,  pus-filled meat.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|absolutely an amazing album. zach's lyrics have improved 10 times. the music is simply awesome and those things tom does with the guitar are unreal. BUY THIS
B00002MZ2C|5.0|In my opinion, this is their best to date! Intensity and message are both there, as well as creativity. Tom's sessions with Prodigy left their mark on the guitar sound, a lot of very &quot;techno&quot;-like sounds.
B00001U0DP|4.0|Comparing &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot; to &quot;Hogan's Heroes&quot;, as some have done in these reviews, requires a big stretch of the imagination.   Personally, I find these one-star reviews to be indicative of contempt, a  desire to NOT like this movie, maybe even before it's watched.  Some of the  comments in the 5-star reviews also seem a tad over-enthusiastic to me.   Obviously, movie hype causes some people to backlash against it even as  others embrace it completely.<br />In any case, it is NOT &quot;Hogan's  Heroes&quot;;  there aren't any snappy sitcom one-liners, the Nazi's aren't  played as laughable buffoons, and Holocaust victims aren't portrayed as  happy, peppy people who feel just fine in their current situation and  surroundings.  Certainly, they're not made fun of, and the horrors of the  Holocaust always loom under the surface of the story, contrary to other  claims that they're downplayed.  You don't need gore a la' Private Ryan in  order to show that war (and consequences thereof) are hell. <br />What we do  have in &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot; (if taken at face value and not  overreacted to) is a very unique, funny, and touching film.  The humor is  solely based on the character of Guido, and on the elaborate lies he cooks  up to protect  his young son from the truth of their situation.  However,  there is ALWAYS an underlying sense of fear and risk--Guido isn't at all  unconcerned about their true situation.  The only criticism I have is that  the concentration camp set was too small and unconvincing.  It looked more  like (and probably was) an abandoned factory complex.  I understand that it  was all the filmmakers needed to fit the scope of the movie, but still, to  me, this was somewhat distracting.<br />I highly recommend this movie--you  won't see anything like it come out of Hollywood, at least for a while.
B00000IQW5|5.0|If you've never seen this one, or if it's been a while since you've seen it, get it now!! I was so happy when it was released on DVD. It has been on the top of my &quot;must-own when released&quot; list ever since I bought  my DVD player. Steven Speilberg is truly visionary.
1558908382|5.0|This is a great movie with fresh ideas, wonderful acting, hilariously dark moments, and an overall touching humanity beneath the seemingly amoral facade.  The scene where John Cusack pours an empty scotch bottle on his  father's grave and then drops the bottle tells you all you need to know  about their relationship and I'll never forget it.  Having the guts to put  a scene like that in a comedy is just one of the reasons the makers of this  film deserve enormous credit.  And they give the viewer as much credit as  they give themselves, never thinking for a minute that they're being too  smart for the audience.
B000002J1B|5.0|this is the best concept album that I have ever heard (and of course I have not heard all of them).  The sound is a bit larger than close to the edge but not too big like going for the one, the production is impecable.  This album truly took rock and theatre to a new dimension one completely  different than Tommy.  I wish I had only been alive to see the concert.
B00000K3D4|5.0|The movie is excellent.  I have read some reviews of people who think it is entirely for kids.  Adults have immagination and it really does not  require an over-abundance to enjoy this movie and see it for the  masterpiece it really is.
B000000LZV|5.0|This record is remarkable for several reasons. The musicianship, the lyrics, the number of songs. One of the most original takes on punk ever  made, the issiues on this record are very political and display a disbelief  in the American society at the time. But the lyrics are also funny, written  in beat-poetry style, and function as conversation pieces mano-a-mano. The  music underscores the lyrics as much as the lyrics support the music, they  intertwine. With very dynamic playing Watt and Hurley knocks the words into  your head, and Boon displays the aggressiveness with angular guitarwork.  The songs seem to float into one-another, sometimes quiet, sometimes hard  and never boring. This record is a true original and one of the best albums  of the eighties.
B000002JSJ|5.0|This is probably one of the most non-listened to albums in the Led Zeppelin arsenial.  It came at a time when the history of the band was in question and between two tragic things for Robert Plant (the best rock  voice in history! ), the breaking of his ankle in a car reck and the death  of his son in 1977.  This is also the most-under rated of the Zep albums.   You can really hear Plant's pain in Tea for One.  Bonzo well, Bonzo is  Bonzo.  He is just the greatest drummer of all time.  Just listen to  Achilles Last Stand and you will know why.  I don't think it is possible  for any human being to play like that.  Bonzo is truly at his best in this  album and in Physical G.  If you have the cd, go to Achilles Last Stand and  search to about the 8:55 and just get ready for a non-human exchange and  run.  oh, yeah Stairway to Heaven is an awesome classic, but Achilles Last  Stand is Led Zep's best song.  Royal Orleans is awesome, just listen to  Bonzo double pettle bass drum.  Nobody's Fault But Mine is another great  classic.  Drums awesome, but my favorite part of the song is the end where  Plant says, &quot;Noooooonoono........bodies Fault!&quot;  Give me another  rock singer that can do that with the range that he does it in.  Just buy  the cd!
B000005IRG|5.0|Marquee Moon marks an ingenios new sense of song structures that have been equally influensed by jazz and rock. But it is NOT a jazz-rock record. The  impeccable playing on this record only proves that Tom Verlaine and pals  are able to go beyond normal rock and create their own new world within the  album. Largely inspired by Verlaine's first coming to an urban setting, it  views both the greatness and shallowness of the City.  People are often  put off by Verlaine's voice, but then they're only seeing the surface of  the sounds, and not really offering much attention to the real contents of  such an album. It IS a landmark record that deserves as much recognition as  any of the more popular ones from both the 70'es and the 60'es, and I  suggest that fans of Television must check out Pere Ubu's Dub Housing for  similar urban soundscapes.
B0000024YL|4.0|I should know, I'm on my 3rd copy.  All of your S&amp;G favorites are included.  This is a great CD for someone just discovering the sheer power of this duo, and also a great consolidator of your favorities for  traveling.  My only complaint:  the few live recordings are a little  distracting, since the crowd noise is so incredibly loud (as anyone who  ever had the priveledge of seeing S&amp;G live could understand).  I  particularly enjoy the order of the pieces, beginning with Mrs. Robinson  and ending with Cecilia.  I promise you, you'll not be dissappointed!!!
B000002WYT|5.0|I just recently have been able to appriciate how good this band is.  Their CD &quot;crash&quot; is awsome, nobody sounds like them.  I recommend people of all ages to buy their music and enjoy.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Inventive arrangements and guitar work. Scorching politico-rap. Welcome sounds in a market of syrup tunes and chicken-soup-for-your-ears radio play-lists.
6305013578|1.0|I knew I was in for trouble when the opening words were out of focus and half cropped off by the edges of the screen, then the music began and it got worse. This DVD is a crime against a classic. Someone call 911. The  people responsible should be forced to watch this over and over again with  the sound turned on.
B00000055E|1.0|This album contains purely demo material. It has no place alongside his pre-posthumous work. Poor studio production doesn't help to raise songs that might have developed into something if Tupac were alive to turn them  into album quality. I felt robbed of my twenty somewhat dollars.
6302968143|5.0|This is a good movie to watch anually--(every halloween). It'sgreat for Family..ect parties especially if young'ins are around. It's also funny.  I've heard so many good things about this movie.....maybe sequals will come....inprovements with graphics ect... But it was in 1993 and they did a pretty good job....keep up the good work DISNEY!!!!
B000001DTM|5.0|Just as Sgt. Pepper's was a culmination of all that had preceeded it in Pop music,  Achtung Baby stands as a worthy follow up to Rock and Roll's  original masterpiece.  Like Pepper, AB sounds as fresh as when it was  recorded.  On a technical level this may be the best production ever done  on an album, Eno forcing the band (against Lanois' wishes) to push the  creative envelope, while Lanois makes sure Eno doesn't take our boys  overboard (see &quot;Passengers&quot; album for example).  <br />This is not  the cut and paste sampling tricks of Beck/Dust Brothers, Fatboy Slim, or  any computer trickery.  This is Beatles-style instrument distortion,  layering, texture forming.  Eno's skill at atmposhere painting is perfect,  never overdone as on &quot;Unforgettable Fire&quot;.<br />Moreso than the  Beatles ever did, U2 finally flex their musical muscles creating 12 songs  that are not interchangeable, each a distinct and unique piece in the long  album's journey into night.<br />Lyrically we are led from one piece of broken  mirror to the next; only at the recording's end can we see the cracked  reflection of love gone wrong that Bono has assembled for us.<br />AB has  another leg up on Sgt. Pepper in its spirituality and rhythm, how U2  anticipate the electronic revolution in pop music, as well as hip-hop's  saturation of the later 90's music scene.  This does not show U2 as  predicting the upcoming trends, but rather how they are artists connected  to the vibe of the world itself, unconsciously picking up a wave, and  riding it to their next destination.  They are so far ahead of their time,  and the mainstream, that they aren't even credited with their early forays  into these genres.  It is because the joining of these sounds to the band's  own unique palette is too seamless to notice.<br />Not to slight the Beatles  in any way, but Sgt. Peppers is a whole greater than the sum of its  parts--not the band's best collection of individual songs.  Imagine  experiencingPepper as being hit in the back of a head with a frying pan,  whereas Achtung Baby is a collection of 12 separate painful pins sharply  stuck all over your body: they each hurt equally, and in a different place,  a different way.<br />Genius that will not be equalled until next spring, when  U2 bless us again with another masterpiece.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|A great cd. If you like the new rapcore movement, get this cd. This isn't their best album though. First get the self-titled cd, that is better. This is still a great disk. If you really like both of their albums, then get  Evil Empire last. This is one of the best Rapcore cds yet.
B000001FAE|5.0|This is an awesome Clapton album in the sense that it includes slow, touching songs such as &quot;Wonderful Tonight&quot; and &quot;Peaches and  Diesel,&quot; but also has almost discordant pieces such a  &quot;Cocaine&quot; and &quot;Mean Old Frisco.&quot;  All you have to do is  change the track to suit your mood.  There is a warmth to the slower songs  that seems to be particular to this album.  For example, &quot;May You  Never&quot; is certainly a rock tune, but Clapton sings it in such a way  that it sounds almost like a lullaby.  Tremendous material.  I fell in love  with it ten years ago when I was in school.  Highly recommended.  -- G.N.  Saliba
0783234996|4.0|I bought the DVD version. The film brought many tears to my eyes and laughter to my heart. Robin Williams is an acting maestro (sp).&quot;Awakenings&quot; was of the same heart-touching genre. I will  see it again. The only problem with re-veiwing is the incident of personal  tragedy that occurs in the story. I have already spoken to at least 15  people about my enjoyment of the film and I only saw it yesterday for the  first time. The Doctor has it right: It's PEOPLE that matter! PS I paid  more for the DVD than Amazon was selling it for. I won't make THAT mistake  again!
B000002AS3|3.0|Good cd. Buy it if you like Oasis - or just melodic rock in general.
6303109950|5.0|I don't really like westerns but this movie is fabulous.  Val gives his greatest performance as Doc &quot;I'll be your hucklberry&quot; Holiday.  I feel in love with it instantly.  These guys look good in their western  outfits and Val is working that horse ride...you will enjoy!  Do you know  Daisy?
B00000K2SC|5.0|I'm not (normally!) a fan of action movies -- I can do without the shooting and that sort of thing.  So I was *not* amused when my husband  popped The Matrix into our VCR.  I started to get up and go into the other  room, but instead I got pulled right into the movie and couldn't stop  watching it!<br />I do enjoy sci fi movies (Star Trek, etc.), but I thought  this movie would be a little wild for my tastes.  Boy, was I ever wrong!  I  enjoyed the whole thing, beginning to end.  I like that, even though the  individual concepts were not new, they were put together in a whole new way  and made into a movie that leaves you wondering, even several days  later!<br />Of course, after I complained so much when my husband  &quot;made&quot; me watch it, there's no way I can admit to him that The  Matrix has an *excellent* chance of being one of my all-time favorite  movies!  he he<br />This movie is on my &quot;Must See&quot; list for any sci  fi fan.
0451191153|5.0|This book is about individualism and integrity.  By individualism Ayn meant &quot;A Primary orientation to reality&quot;, and by integrity Ayn  meant &quot;Loyalty to Rational Principles&quot;.   This is what makes  Howard Roark a hero.  While many of the other characters in the novel  derive their self-esteem and their beliefs from other people, Howard Roark  is an individualist who fights for what he believes is true - not because  &quot;The Majority&quot; say so, nor because of what God commands - but of  his own reason and volition.  <br />This is a truely romantic and inspiring  novel, and is almost a tribute to all those throughout the history of  mankind whom have fought for science and reason.
B0000214F4|5.0|This has been said many times before, but I will say it again.There is only one way to relate to this movie: If you have ever been truely in love. Now, I'm 14 years old, and I could relate to this movie perfectly only because many thinks have happened to me about love.  (Yeah, I know what you're saying, he's only a kid.  But trust me here guys, I know what I'm talking about.  Also, I'm a scripty writer and I've been working on a love story.  And I saw this film and could relate to it perfectly, only because I've been stung by love which I put into my script.  This film gave me many new ideas.)  To me, the three hour period went by fast.  All performances are great! And by the way, Aliens (1986) used to be my favorite movie, up until 3 days ago when I saw this for the second time.  (The first time I saw it, I hated it.  But I decided to give it another chance.)  This film and Aliens has a big difference.  And as I conclude my summary, I know that few people are going to be reading this.  But for those who do, if you've ever been in love before, and I mean in LOVE, and you're not a rap person or anything, then see this excellent film.  And if you can, get it in widescreen.  The cinematography is excellent!
0871137380|5.0|This is an outstanding book! It only takes about 5 minutes to get into, then one can't put it down! If you have any interest in what war is like in places like Somalia, this book puts you right in the middle of it!
0553213105|5.0|I've just recently started reading classics, and I was surprised at how much I enjoyed Jane Austen's novel, and what a pleasure it was to read. I was fascinated by the little details of the characters' lives.
B00001QEE9|4.0|This movie is terrific.  I hadn't seen it for many years...since i was a child.  I don't regret buying it at all.  It has a magical quality about it that hasn't been captured by disney in years.  The lack of extras is a  little disappointing.  However, that does not detract from the splendor of  the movie.  I think that it's great that children can see something totally  moralizing.  This is perhaps Walt Disney's finest!!
B00002E23H|5.0|At first, I was looking more forward to see Lake Placid, butthis turned out to be much better. The sharks looked great. Surprises everywhere! Just when you think you know what is gonna happen and who is going to make it and who won't, they turn the tables. Jaws was nothing but an overgrown great white who was a maneater. These sharks are genetically altered by humans. It gives a better depth of their intelligence. And unlike Jurrasic Park, it goes even deeper into what can go wrong when you screw around with nature.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This CD is terrific, the best album from one of the best groups of all time.  Limp Bizkit, Korn , and Insane Clown Posse should take note: the days of talentless rock are over.  Shape up or shut up.  &quot;Calm Like a  Bomb&quot; and &quot;Sleep Now in the Fire&quot; are instant classics.  So  is this album.
0385486804|2.0|The boring details of McCandless' adventures are a punnishment to the reader.  While his philosophies on life are interesting, a recounting of each person he met (and basically each new person is once again won over by  the educated ascetic) becomes rather dull.  Also, an insert of the author's  own adventure is both vain and not essential.  He tries to draw comparisons  between himself and Chris McClandless that are both disrespectful to  Chris's eventual plight and to his family.  This would have made for an  excellent short story used to support the ideas of H. David Thoreau, not an  entire book that rushes to the top of the superficial bestselling lists. I  might add that the book already includes an advertisement for his next book  which was due to come out the next year.
068484267X|2.0|I may be nitpicking, but did anyone else find it difficult to distinguish between the dialogue and the narrative?  Can we please return to using quotation marks!  A compelling story of poverty, but not a page-turner.  A  good book for those with lots of free time.
6305358613|3.0|I completely agree with several reviewers here that the historical inaccuracies are so numerous, I cannot even begin to count them all and I  don't think the fans of this film even care.  I respect their opinions and  I can understand why they  admired the film.  Who could argue that it is  not a beautifully directed and acted film?  However, for anyone that is  familar with Tudor England, they will be greatly disappointed.  The  countless events in this movie that never occurred, in addition to the way  several actual historical figures were portrayed, were too distracting for  me.  I began to think that this was not a movie about Elizabeth Tudor, but  a fictionalized person.  Probably all historical movies are inaccurate in  some way, shape or form.  If I had to guess, I think only the first 20  minutes of this movie remained soemwhat true to history.<br />Cate Blanchett  gave a fine performance, but it was not the Elizabeth of history.  It was  the Elizabeth of director Shekkar Kapur's imagination.  For many reviewers  here, that sufficed.  I must say that the only character that was written  to remotely provide some historical fact was Mary Tudor, Elizabeth's  delusional half sister who preceded her as Queen of England.  <br />I greatly  anticipated this film because, as many individuals, I have been fascinated  with Queen Elizabeth I for a very long time.  I wish Hollywood could do  this great woman more justice and produce something resembling who she  truly was.  The BBC certainly did when they produced the miniseries  &quot;Elizabeth R&quot; with Glenda Jackson.  I highly recommend that for  those of you intellectually stimulated by this drama and want to know the  &quot;truth&quot;. If you want &quot;Hollywood fluff&quot;, stick with  &quot;Elizabeth.&quot;
B00002MZ2C|5.0|It's like Zach puts it during Guerilla Radio. &quot;All Hell can't stop us now.&quot; Damn straight. Rage's third album is their best yet. The guitars are beyond belief, the bass is full of energy, and the politics are just as  deep. It was worth the three year wait. Rage fans, pick this one up. Rap -  Rock bands, pick this one up. Listen to the masters, because The Battle Of  Los Angeles is not only Rage's best, but one of the best of the 90's.
B000031WD9|5.0|Absolutely one of the funniest movies I have seen.. Saw itthree times in the theater.  The laughs are timeless and its back to the basics.  Definitely a must have movie.
B00000K31V|4.0|This David Cronenberg film written and directed by the master of Sci-Fi is very,very odd! From beginning to end,twists,turns and very strange splatter gore inhabit this amazing film. Better than The Matrix at some  points,harder to follow certainly,but one of the better sci-fi films I've  seen!
B0000013GT|5.0|This is what seperates the kings from the queens of the hip hop world.If you bump this, youll know the future of hip hop is looking greater. Forget P and puffy, This is what you need.The only thing close is DMX or  8ball.Close the capter on the oldschool book,a new story been written
0393316041|5.0|As a mechanical engineer I had not heard of Feynman until I read Rhodes' book about the Manhattan project. About then, I read that Feynman had just died.  This was the first book that I read about him, and it's the  funniest.<br />I think that it's this book that has his insight about nuclear  weapons...that despite all his misgivings about them, they had helped to  keep the peace for forty years (at the time that he was reflecting on  it)and that he was glad somebody had decided to go forward with the  project.<br />High school kids, and not just the brightest ones, should read  this book. It talks about learning things on your own, and looking at  things to the beat of your own drum.
0800196341|5.0|Although I loved this film, Kenneth Branaugh is clearly the star, both on and off screen.  Ophilia is not the the role anround which the plots  revolves.  Further, to say that the acting talent of Winslet out shines  that of Branaugh is sophmoric at best.  Now, I did think that Winslet did a  fantastic job in the film, There is now way that her's should be the only  name in the &quot;Star List.&quot;  In fact, on the cover, her name appears  last in the list of principal actors.  The film as a whole was by far the  one of the best made, and should be concidered equal to that of Olivier's.
6303521320|5.0|3 tapes = 3 outstanding movies.3 best action-packed films of all times.Futuristic,realistic,fantastic - an incredible trilogy.No other  trilogy amazes and amuses like MAD MAX.MAD MAX 1 : Unforgettable  plot,baddies (NIGHTRIDER !!!,TOECUTTER!!!),high speed chases - a rush of  adrenaline.MAD MAX 2 :Undoubtedly the best.A wonder! HUMUNGUS!!!  WEZ!!!Super duper pursuits.It's a masterpiece.MAD MAX 3:No words could  really express how wonderful this film is and how gorgeous these 3 movies  are.Want a suggestion?Buy this incredible collection and catch a glimpse of  a bleak future and at the same time have a helluva  time!!!MASTERBLASTER!!!!AUNTIE!!!!IRONBAR!!!George Miller is a genius.One  of my favorite directors!!!No one but him could have given us these  masterpieces.
0375405224|5.0|Sailing ship set during the Napoleonic period. A great series in the line of CS Forester's Hornblower series.
B00001QGPR|2.0|David Bowie, the curious man, the innovator of popular musics, the space-alien dilettante, the laurels-resting-upon richest musician in the U.K.: on &quot;Hours...&quot; the latter incarnation of Bowie makes his  appearance, and I can say that I am little impressed with his flagrant  complacency.  Honestly, I opine that this outing was hardly much more than  a soft-sell commercial for his new internet service ~ which is quite  adamantly advertised on this enhanced cd's multimedia portion. I am not  counting him out, yet, but Mr. Hunky Dory is in his mid-50's, and, like  most pop/rock auteurs his age, he is beginning to age with a stagnant  grace. And he had us so pumped up and throbbingly teased with  Earthling...Can you hear me Major Tom?  Have you turned in your tin can for  a secret garden?
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Just listened to their new one and it's pretty damn good. Guerrilla Radio and and War Within a Breath are the best tracks. Great, but doesn't quite compare with Zeppelin.
B000005GWH|5.0|I own ten of Richard Elliot's albums and this one is definately the best. I have heard people saying that his solos sound as if they were written out  rather than improvised, but does it really matter? The point is to make it  sound good. This album has a great mixture of different styles of music.  There is not one song on this CD that I do not like. My favorite songs on  this album are &quot;If Tommorow Never Comes&quot; and &quot;The Boys from  the Bay.&quot; If you like Richard Elliot's other albums, I highly suggest  buying this one. By the way, if you like Richard Elliot's music, check out  music by Richard Smith, Kim Waters, and Nite Flyte.
0140177396|5.0|Stienbeck's Of Mice and Men, was a great, disturbing read.  You immeditaly love innocent Lennie and kind, hardworking George.  But this book has a dark, sad message.  People like Lennie and George truly never win, no  matter how hard they try.  And, for those who asked, the reason George  killed Lennie was that Lennie couldn't function in society.  George had  tried to take care of him, but they always ended up on the run.  If they  got away this time, soon they would be on the run again.  So George did the  kindest thing possible.  Rather than let Curley and the men kill Lennie  while he was frightened and upset, George was with Lennie in his favoriter  place, talking about their wonderful dream, their own private Eden.  He  made Lennie feel happy and safe.  And then George, rather than letting  Lennie suffer, took up his suffering and killed him quickly and painlessly.   George cared for Lennie so much that he would rather suffer than have  Lennie suffer.  It is obvious that George loves Lennie, despite  &quot;giving him hell&quot;, and wants to protect him.  When he can't, he  makes sure no one will hurt Lennie.  Sad, beautiful book is too great for a  mere review to describe.   Also, see the movie with Gary Sinise and John  Malkovich, and you'll cry even harder - they perfectly capture their  characters!
B000003S09|5.0|I believe that this is by far the most powerful and incredible music of any group that I have listened to. The words and medlodies and hauntingly beautiful. While I was not enchanged with 21st Century Schozoid Man, I  would agree that it was powerful in its own right. Moonchild has a beauty  that cannot be described in words and the melody carries you away into  another dimension. Epitaph is probably the most enchanting piece that I  have listened to. It so happened that I first heard it some 30 year while I  was sitting in a dorm with a bunch of other guys smoking pot. However,  without my knowing it, one of the guys decided to  really send me for a  trip and passed me a wipe of opiated hash. Needless to say, I was  &quot;tripping&quot; while I heard Epitaph and the experience is something  that I have never forgotten. Its power was so immense, that I still  experience flashbacks whenever I heard that song. It left an indelible  impression on my mind. In Moonchild, the first two minutes are quite  beautiful but then it starts meandering and it leaves the listener wishing  that it would finish...at least for me. And finally, the Court of the  Crimson King was an incredible finale to the most powerful album that I  have ever heard.
B00000331V|4.0|This is the second of three live albums the J. GEILS BAND put out. Each one they seem to go all out. BLOW YOUR FACE OUT is by far the best! It's a great cd to listen to when your cleaning the house. Or making love with a  beautyfull woman. If you love to dance. you hade better,because this cd was  made loud to be played loud. You will not be able to stop. When the J.  Geils Band is in concert. Go!Go!Go! It will turn into the best party you  ever seen. This cd makes a great x-mas gift to for Mom and Dad. If they  look like they have been in a rut lately.(midlife crisis) Just watch the  gleam in there eyes as they start shaken their butts,and heading straight  for the bedroom. You think i'm kidding? try it out and you'll give this  prize from history.1976(the same year bob seager's &quot;live  bullet&quot;and lynard skynard's &quot;one from the road&quot; came  out).FIVE STARS It was a very good year. THANK YOU!
B00000JMQD|4.0|The reason I like this movie is,because they started where the oringinal left off.Fairuza Balk is excellent in her first movie.The character are delightful,and witty.I recommend this movie.
B000001C6N|5.0|WHILE MANY REGARD &quot;REIGN IN BLOOD&quot; AS SLAYER'S FINEST ALBUM, &quot;SHOW NO MERCY&quot; IS THE BEST ALBUM THEY EVER RELEASED. THE SONGS WITHIN ARE RELENTLESS, ENERGETIC, INTENSE, AND THRASSSSSSSHHH!  TOM ARAYA  IS ONE OF THE MOST PASSIONATE AND VISCERALLY INTENSE SINGERS IN ALL OF  METAL. WHICH IS WHAT ROCK MUSIC IS SUPPOSED TO BE ABOUT. ALL HAIL SLAYER!
B0000027RL|5.0|I totally love this CD. Every one of these songs rock so much and have a purpose too.  Black has to be one of my all time favorite songs, followed by Once and Release.  All this crap we've been hearing lately like  Backstreet Boys and NSync doesn't even compare.  The early nineties was the  best thing that ever happened to music.
B000003S0Z|5.0|Punk was breaking, post-punk was already in the plodding throes of birth, the glam era was crawling home zooted and drunk for the last gasp, and Brian Eno was quietly doing his own thing, manifesting one of the best  records of all time - &quot;Before and after Science&quot;. This was the  last record of his great rock 'n' roll period and the first of his  understated electro-ambient phase which has persisted to this day. This  album was made and released around the same time as David Bowie's  &quot;low&quot; and both albums are disturbingly similar.  Why?  Because  Eno produced and even co-wrote some of the songs on &quot;low&quot;.  There  is much which Bowie, in the mid-70's, owed to Eno, yet Bowie went on to his  plastic fame while Eno preferred sticking to the simplicity and the music  itself. This album, a watershed and a turning point, will rock you out and  then drift you gently out to sea, darkly, calmly.  The final lines of the  final song, &quot;Spider and I&quot;: &quot;We sleep in the mornings, we  dream of a ship that sails away - a thousand miles away.&quot;  Swells of  synth slowly fade away and usher in the ambience which has become Brian  Eno.
068484267X|1.0|Yuck, yuck and double yuck.   After having seen the movie trailer while in the middle of reading Angela's Ashes, I stand amazed that this book has drawn such an avid audience (and no doubt the movie will too).  The author  spends so much time with graphic descriptions of hunger, poverty, disease  and filth, but character development, growth, or even self-reflection  barely surfaces in this book.  I kept reading just to see who was going to  die next.  As for humor, maybe McCourt's reading on audio makes it funny,  but the droll tongue-in-cheek humor that is often based on mockery and  ignorance didn't even make me smile.  At the end, turning to thievery and  adultery could have even been a bit ironic, but in the drab context of his  endless laundry list of &quot;this happened, then this happened&quot;, it  barely registers in this novel.   Save your money. Save your time.
0684800713|5.0|An excellent story, which I've read it many times. It is at the top of my list of books to have on a desert island. If you can't identify with the characters, I doubt you can identify with your fellow man. I guess I  shouldn't be surprised that commuters, 7-11 clerks, and high school  students don't 'get it'. Hemmingway could write about adventure and  romance, but this is his best book about people.
B000002UZ4|5.0|This CD has all your favorite Pet Shop Boys. I've bought three more for my friends (who later became big Pet Shop Boys fans) since I bought my first one. I just went to Pet Shop Boys concert for the release of Nightlife.  More than half the songs Neil Tennant sang are in this compilation.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|When I first listened to it i thought that it pretty much sucked, but the more i listened to it the better it got.  It is definitely no self-titled album but it is a good and enjoyable full length.  I thought that the  vocals were a little low on some songs and there was an overuse of Tom  Morello's guitar effects, they were trying too hard.  The CD lacks energy  and has no build ups or faster parts like songs like &quot;Bullet In the  Head&quot; or &quot;Year of the Boomerang&quot;.  I am a little  disappointed in this one but it is still good and worthy of picking up if  you are a Rage fan or even an Inside Out fan.  If you don't know Inside  Out, it is Zack's old xHCx band they are awesome, definitely pick that one  up if you dont have it.        Later, xDIONx
6304773382|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen.  If you're looking for a funny movie with lotz of color, You should definently see this!
B000002JOH|1.0|Correctly titled, Vulgar Display Of Power, the worst metal cd by the worst metal band ever! Don't buy!
0345409671|5.0|while reading the various reviews of this book I realized that everyone, whether they hated or loved it, may have missed the point.  this book is pure genius but not for the reasons many stated. anne rice is not trying to  let us in on her personal religious beliefs or use the vampire chronicles  as her personal soapbox as one review would suggest.  The point isn't that  god is bad or memnoch is bad or god is good.  She does not contradict  anything set forth in interview.  she is not attempting to shock us with  her visions of heaven and hell.  not to say that the visions of these  places were not magnificent and perfectly written, which they were and any  intelligent and unbiased reader would have to admit that the visions of  these places were at least intriguing.  the purpose of this book was to  show that it is impossible to ever know the real truth about these things  (god, creation, the devil, etc.).  lestat himself was there firsthand and  presented directly with all the answers, all the visions, and then had them  yanked out from under him and left to wonder if this was real or that was  real or if the whole story was just a flat-out lie and some game the devil  was playing to amuse himself or toy with what may be his only worthy  adversary (did anybody realize that memnoch did not like the title  &quot;devil&quot; yet he signed the note &quot;memnoch the devil&quot;).   the purpose of this book was to show how eager we all are to believe in  something, as was lestat, even if it's coming from the devils mouth.  I'm  sure I'm not the only one who found himself riveted by memnoch's story and  believing in his words (even though I generally do not believe in religion  and god).  then at the end we are left wondering what is real and what is  lies.  the best line of the book is when maharet says &quot;its not all  lies, not all of it, that's the age old dilemma&quot;.  In other words,  even ones as old as these ancient vampires will never know the truth, riceis just reminding us.  either way, the reader was presented with a tale of  creation, god, and the devil, one that was presented as truth, and then was  left at the end (by something as cheap and inarticulate as that note)  saying to himself, &quot;wait a second, this is a novel, this is anne rice,  this isn't the truth, memnoch doesn't exist, this is fiction.&quot;  that  is the true genius of the book. at the end you feel betrayed by memnoch,  you feel lied to and tricked, you feel stupid for almost believing his  story.  in other words, you feel exactly how lestat feels.  you are the  main character and your memnoch is anne rice and she tricked us all.  I  understand how some may be put off by that but I have never read a book  where I knew exactly how the main character felt, exactly how he felt.   that is the genius of the book, the emotion that it stirs, not all the  religion.  if you want religion read the bible, if you want an amazing  story read memnoch the devil.  <br />im eager to hear what you think of this.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This is one of the best CDs I have bought in a while. I usually listen to punk rock, but there are some discrepancies in my collection such as rage. This CD is way better than the others. It seems more pumped up. It has good  lyrics that make you sing along. The guitarist is awesome!
0552131067|4.0|This is a tremendous book.  Pratchett is comparable to Douglas Adams.  Death is my favorite character in the Discworld series, and he gets a very active role in this book, like in &quot;Hogfather&quot;.  A terrific read  for any light-hearted anglophiles.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This album as to be Rage's best! With more songs than the two previous albums they have really come through! I just got the album and I went through it once and I really don't know were to start listening again!  Every song is killer. By it! If I had to recommend some songs it would have  to be Testify, calm like a bomb, Mic Check New millnnium homes, And War  within a Breath. This song is classic Rage and is perfect for any hard rock  or hip-hip fan.
B000021XS0|5.0|It's already been mentioned a hundred times that the album is extraordinary.  I just wanted to say, as a fan, that I'm proud of this band.  I've watched and listened as they've grown over the years, stuck  with them through the pitfalls, and gaped in wonder at the evidence of a  higher level of thinking that these amazing musicians clearly have.  Now  they're back, covering new ground while paying homage to old songs with  very occasional riffs and lyrics from older works, but also enveloping the  listener's ears with some of the most truly amazing writing I've ever  heard, at least.  The only comparable feeling I can come up with is of  being a proud parent, watching his child graduate from college, a mature  individual destined to re-shape the world.  Dream Theater will always be my  favorite band...I love their music.
B00000K3UU|1.0|This movie is mystifying.  How could a movie about a grown man with no job raising a kid as if he were a dog, be funny?  There is nothing funny about this VERY juvinile movie.  I find Adam Sandler to be more and more  irritating with each movie he does, because he plays the SAME CHARACTER!    There is a new system for sandlers movies, I call it the sandler ark.   Starts with him being obnoxious pig.  In the middle he meets someone that  changes him.  In the end he is an obnoxious pig with a heart.  EVERY MOVIE  HE MADE HAS THIS ARK!   He has no talent.
B000021XS0|5.0|&quot;Falling into Infinity&quot; was a good album but did not live up to &quot;Awake&quot; or &quot;Images &amp; Words.&quot; So, like myself, you may have been thinking Dream Theater may never top those two albums. Guess  again! After the second &quot;Liquid Tension Experiment&quot; was released  &amp; DT announced that Jordan Rudess was the new Keyboard player, I had  very high expectations (and was afraid I may be disappointed). But,  &quot;Scenes from a Memory&quot; actually exceeds what I expected by more  than I could have imagined.      Take &quot;Images &amp; Words,&quot; throw  in a little &quot;Dark Side of the Moon,&quot; and a little  &quot;Operation: Mindcrime,&quot; &amp; a dash of myriad other interesting  tidbits (I was particularly floored by the Frank Zappa-type bit in the  middle of &quot;Beyond this Life&quot;) &amp; you sort of have this album.  Except this is better than that. By far. Best album I've ever heard. (The  3-star reviewer needed to listen a little more carefully).
B000002HJR|5.0|I grabbed this because I heard Phil Anselmo did the lyrics, and I'm a huge Pantera fan.  I was really surprised at how mellow it was compared to Pantera, but I enjoyed the entire disc emmensely. More great stuff from a  great lyricist.
B000000OQF|5.0|&quot;Appetite&quot; is one of the greatest rock albums on all times.  I don't think its fair that some people chose to rate this album based on Axl's personality; the rating should be on the music, and it doesn't get  any better than this!  Axl's voice is absolutely amazing; he has such a  range that its almost impossible to believe its the same person singing.  I  don't think there are any &quot;worthless&quot; tracks on this CD, they all  rock.  In time, they all will grow to become favs.   Even now, 12 years  after its release, I listen to it all the time.  Few bands will ever be  able to put out an album this great.  Its a shame that GNR split up;  separately, they won't attain the level of success they had as a band.  For  anyone that wasn't fortunate enough to see the original lineup in concert,  I feel for you.  A live show doesn't get much better than that.
0767903811|1.0|I've never found Bryson as funny as my British friends do, but this book is his worst yet. The &quot;humor&quot; felt contrived and his experiences were obviously exaggerated, if not made up from whole cloth.  I heard  Bryson on PBS awhile back, with his phoney accent and fawning manner in  full flow. Bryson is that most loathesome of creatures: the sycophantic,  Anglophilic American.  I think Mr.&quot;I've always wanted to be a  European&quot; Bryson should pack it back to Yorkshire, where his Uncle Tom  act is undoubtedly more appreciated.
B000002LK1|5.0|I am a great fan of DM (and various other synthie, gothic and wave bands) and Violator is definietly their best album ... a bit different from the earlier albums but still rocgnisable as a DM part of work after listening  to any song for a few seconds. I love the way they introduced some guitar  (and yes, go to a DM concert and watch the crowd when they play Personal  Jesus ... boy, that rocks !!)
0679460063|2.0|The first part of the book had me interested. I was starting to wonder what was going to happen and thought that the plot was pretty good. That did not last long. It seems like the author either ran out of ideas or did  not care enough to continue the book properly. Huge plot holes and a lot  left unsaid. How can you drop a character that seemed to be rather  important in the middle of the novel like that? That was weird. I will not  read any of her books again, that was a huge disappointement. Too bad  because the idea was really good, but poorly explored and the characters  were not well developped.
0446525537|4.0|I have read all of Nicholas Sparks' books. I have enjoyed all of them, so I was very hopeful and excited about this book. The first couple of paragraphs caught my attention, but then the story got somewhat dull. Just  when I thought the pace of the story would never speed up, the plot  exploded with suprises and heart-wrenching details. I absolutely adored the  ending, which left a question in your mind to what really happened to  Jamie. The book definitely gave my heart a good 2 hours of warmth. An easy  read.
B000021XS0|5.0|I've been a fan of DT since their Majesty days (I went to Berklee with Mr. Portnoy) and I can honestly say that this album has renewed my faith in prog-rock as a vital and unique art form.  This album shows an incredible  amount of musical and spiritual maturity; even more so that Falling, and is  a natural progression from I&amp;W through this latest effort.  And, having  it set to a concept album makes it even better!  Great work, guys!
B000020617|1.0|It seems Dave Grohl is trying to become the Gerry Raferty, Gordon Lightfoot for the new millenium.  There isn't one rocking song on this entire album.  This album is a huge disappointment.  One star for the fake  tattoo that comes w/ the album.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|rage brought out the funk on Battle of L.A.  Dat's all dat needs sayin..
B00000J2SQ|4.0|Recorded in 1982 at Morin Heights,Quebec,Canada(anyone remember the weird Order of the Solar Temple incident that happened there in 1994?),this was a come back album for Rainbow,at that time featuring the golden-throated Joe  Lynn Turner and Roger Glover on bass.'Straight Between the Eyes'is easily  one of the best Rainbow albums ever,featuring smashes such as'Stone  Cold'and'Power'.
B000020617|4.0|I've always loved the Foos....not only because the roots of some of the band members come from a beloved Nirvana, but because they took something from that music and transcended it to become harmonic punk....hard edged  pop - that certainly is not the case with most of the dull monotony heard  on the airwaves these days.  Their music on this CD appears to be a little  more pop oriented than their last efforts, but is still worthy listening by  far.  The best thing about the Foos is they don't take themselves too  seriously - they write impressive rock-n-roll and still have fun.  Just  check out the &quot;Learn to Fly&quot; video for proof!
0140186395|1.0|Rarely have I encountered a review on Amazon that so completely describes me reaction to a book (or record) as JDPariser's review of this alleged &quot;masterpiece&quot;.  Quite simply, this is the single most over-rated  novel in the canon of American literature.  Let's face it; all of  Steinbeck's novels are actually pretty bad.  It's a miracle that he won any  literary awards, let alone the Nobel Prize for Literature.  The fact that  Steinbeck's work so easily lends itself to animation (see the Warner Bros.  cartoons inspired by &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot;), gives you a hint of the  complexity of Steinbeck's characterizations.  Unfortunately, &quot;East of  Eden&quot; lacks the excitement or interest to make a good cartoon.  A must  to avoid.
B000020617|4.0|Oh boy. That's all I have to say. After the non-stop angst of heavyness of the first debut CD, and the shere beauty of the Colour and the Shape... Dave Grohl, and fellow FOOs Taylor and Nate are toning it a bit down..  actually.. way down. <br />Imagine &quot;Walking After You&quot; and &quot;Big  Me&quot; and make 11 versions of them. You have the new album. Not to say  that it's bad... as you see I gave it four stars. Songs like  &quot;Breakout&quot;, &quot;Learn To Fly&quot;, &quot;Generator&quot;,  &quot;Aurora&quot;, &quot;Next Year&quot; and &quot;M.I.A.&quot; are the  highlights in my opinion. But it just makes no sense to me. How many of you  were shocked by the Smashing Pumpkins ADORE album because you knew just how  much MELLON COLLIE rocked? This is the same. Not so say that &quot;There's  Nothing Left To Lose&quot; is as mellow as ADORE (heaven forbid), but there  are points where you're just &quot;Ok... Dave should scream anytime  now&quot;. <br />The enhanced CD is pretty cool, along with the temp tatoo  that's on the cover of the CD. If you're a FOO fan, you'll learn to love  it. If not, what the hell are you doing reading this review?
B000002UZ1|4.0|For those who like (or would like to own) the Beatles in a casual way, this album and its red-cased companion provide probably most of what you want.  This disk covers some very fertile ground(since it's Sgt Pepper's  territory, it would almost have to) - the trippy &quot;Strawberry  Fields&quot;, the even-more-trippy &quot;Lucy in the Sky&quot;,  &quot;Revolution&quot;, &quot;Let It Be&quot;, and the  only-could-be-recorded-in-1967 &quot;All You Need Is Love&quot; (with Mick  Jagger on backing vocals - or did we forget that?).  That isn't to say  there isn't some extraneous stuff here.  I was never a big fan of  &quot;Hello Goodbye&quot; or &quot;Long and Winding Road&quot;, but hey,  I'm sure they had fans - they both went number one.  A good CD buy for the  casual fan and the curious.<br />ps.  Let's save the  my-band-is-better-than-your-band stuff for the N'Sync/Backstreet Boys  crowd.
076780421X|1.0|This is the single worst movie I have seen in a long, long while.  Do not, I repeat, do not waste your money.  I am so sorry that I ordered it from Amazon based on the favorable reviews on this page.
6302732778|3.0|The released version is easier to understand. The voice-overs add to the clarity, and reassure the viewer. Mr. Scott leaves too much to the viewer to &quot;get&quot;, where it is just as likely he will &quot;miss&quot;.  His director's cut also seems to linger on the murky and maudlin, though it  is clear he feels it is the romantic and poetic. I'm certainly glad they  went over the movie with a steel comb before they released it. It never  would have been my favorite science fiction movie if I had seen this  director's cut first.
B000020617|5.0|Once again Dave Grohl and the Foos have delivered the perfect combination of rock and pop - songs with hard edges and swoony melodies. It's like they took the mood and feel of songs like &quot;February Stars&quot; and  &quot;Everlong&quot; from Colour and the Shape and based a whole album  around them - and yet, this isn't just a rehashing - there are new elements  here. Grohl simply writes the best songs in modern rock. The arrangements  don't seem to be as intricate this time around, but the guitars are loud  and crunchy, the percussion is infectious, and oh, those choruses! If you  loved the first two Foo albums, you will probably love this one. Early  favorites are &quot;Generator&quot;, &quot;Aurora&quot;, and &quot;Ain't It  the Life&quot;.
B000002MUN|1.0|Don't be fooled by the people who claim &quot;If you could only get one Petty album, this is it&quot; &amp; &quot;Like wine, Petty gets better with age&quot;.  If you don't know it already, Tom Petty &amp; the Heartbreakers  made 8 studio albums before this, and Petty did one solo album &quot;Full  Moon Fever&quot;.  All 9 of those albums were fantastic, beginning to end.  This one is limp and boring throughout.  Incredible that such a great  artist could fall so far, so fast.  If you want to go for the &quot;buy  only one&quot; mentality, the one to get is &quot;Damn the Torpedoes&quot;.  But really, any and all of those first 9 albums are are a must for true  music fans.<br />Wildflowers is just laid back, strum a bit,  sing-whatever-comes-into-your-head and call it a record.  Petty and the  band used to put so much effort into their albums, and it paid off on those  - big time.  On this one, you can tell that Petty and producer Rick Rubin  just don't care about working hard to achieve decent results.  I never  thought that Petty, who used to be so interesting and defiant, could get  this wimpy and boring.<br />Amazing thing is, some people cheer this stuff.  I guess when you &quot;inhale&quot;, almost anything mellow will sound  good.  But if you are not into such substances and want to hear some real  music, take a pass on this one.  Don't miss the Petty &amp; Heartbreakers  albums that preceded this one however, they are all tremendous.
B000000W6X|5.0|The greatest album ever produced!  For those of you out there who haven't given it 5 stars, listen again!!  And again, and again!!  Turn the lights down low, light the candles and let the music wash over you. It's a late at  night CD. I cannot imagine being with out this album and have played it  constantly since I bought it some years ago.  A must for any trip-hop  music-lover!  Read Oliver from Edinburgh below - he's spot on!
0767835107|1.0|This movie is pathetic, if you want to see it done well, try Dangerous Liasons. That one won Oscar's and had an incredible cast. J.Malkovitch, K.Reeves, M.Pfeiffer, G.Close , and U.Thurman. This one just stinks.
1568493207|5.0|I find it difficult to believe that people found the prose of this book to be unreadable. This book is fast reading, I finished it the same day I bought it. Of course, my first Pynchon novel was Gravity's Rainbow. I could  understand somebody not liking Gravity's Rainbow even though I loved it,  because that book is a lot more challenging. But not liking The Crying of  Lot 49, which was written straightforwardly with a single plotline, is  beyond my comprehension.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|First of all, even an average Rage album is better than most other junk out there.  This album is very similar to Evil Empire, as far as song structure goes.  They could almost be the same album.  The difference is,  Los Angeles doesn't have anything that is nearly as catchy as Bulls On  Parade or Down Rodeo.  A like the first album best because it is the  funkiest of the 3 and definitely has the most bounce.  Althought the lyrics  are just as good as always, Zach's delivery is less impressive here than on  previous albums.  Still, it's one of the best albums of the year, if for no  other reason than it has been a horrible year so far for new music.
B00000J7J4|5.0|It's a great album, I love the music and the Carlos Santana style. I recommend this album for everyone who love latin music. Is a must have in your latin music collection. VIVA CARLOS SANTANA.
0385486804|3.0|It was an interesting read, yet it leaves you almost depressed at the end. A bright young man chooses to flirt with death by venturing out into the wilderness with little survival gear. It was a good book, but probably not  one I'd read again.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage Against the Machine has done it once again. This album is already my favorite album i have bought this year, after only one day. This band keeps getting better, and if three years was what was needed to produce such a  well-rounded album as this, i will patiently wait for the next one. Nice  job of kicking the music industry in its big a--, and for interspersing  politics and political movements with the music. Can't wait to see this  band live in Oakland!
6305350205|1.0|Both this movie and ST:TMP had one or two redeeming moments.  The rest was just abysmal.    Every one of my friends in the local Star Trek fan club agrees that you have to be a total Trek nut to like this movie, because it  is truly awful.  There are several excellent Trek movies and episodes  available on DVD; invest your money in one of them, not this piece of  trash.  In case you're not getting the message, let me put it this way: I  own every Trek DVD release and would recommend every one as an enjoyable  experience - except this one.  This one is a waste of money.
B000002LTV|5.0|Having enjoyed listening to this CD in the past, my husband brought it to the hospital when we were expecting our first child.  The relaxing, happy music was just what we all needed!  It continues to be a favorite when we  all need to relax.  I highly recommend it!
0767825411|3.0|I saw this movie at the show in the 1980s.  I thought the movie didn't match the hype.  I thought it was kinda dumb.  I loved the popular theme song though - &quot;Who you gonna call?&quot;  &quot;Ghostbusters!&quot;
0375707972|1.0|I must say I've been disappointed with many of Oprah's picks lately, but this was the worst ever. Perhaps the original German version was good and  the emotion was lost in the translation, but I found it flat, dull and dry.  For such a great plot, it was incredibly boring. I didn't care about any of  the characters, and being Jewish I expected at least the courtroom scenes  to dredge up some feeling. But there was no clue as to the character's  inner lives - it was like a good outline, or a painting in black and white  with no color or depth. <br />I kept hoping to understand Hanna's attraction  to Michael or to feel something during the love/sex scenes or care when  things went wrong. But the writing was so dead I really had no empathy for  anyone and I ended up skimming the last quarter of the book just to find  out the ending. It seems some people feel a good plotline makes a good  book, but some of the best books I've read have had very little action. For  me good writing is as much - no more -  about the dance of language, the  rhythm of a sentence and the poetry of the words chosen as the plot itself.  And this book was like reading a factual report, the writing itself was  soul-less.
076782444X|5.0|This video is one of the rare musical videos produced in the last decade. Without violence and steamy sexual themes, the video is romantic, entertaining and light. For someone tired of extremes of sex, violence and  special effects on the screen, this is a very refreshing movie. We highly  recommend it for pure relaxationa and enjoyment.
0767836286|5.0|The domestic terrorism that AR deals with should really make people think.  The typical anti-government person is portrayed in movies as an out of work slob that drinks beer all day, but AR portrasys the anti-government  character as a successful architect living in the suburbs.  It sure beats  the stereotypes.  Fear your Neighbor!!
B000000T01|5.0|What does the &quot;The Who&quot; conjure up to you? Hairy old 70s rockers, of the Led Zep, Deep Purple type? <br />Or 60's pop stars, like The Hollies or Herman's Hermits? <br />Or sad old &quot;prog-rock&quot; noodlers  pushing their luck by hanging well past their sell-by dates - step forward  ELP, Genesis, Yes et al? <br />Then ask yourself one question - &quot;How  little do I really know?&quot; Because if your assumptions fall into ANY of  the above categories, you know NOTHING of the The Who. <br />Think of the  moment when you first fell in love with popular music - whichever artist it  was that rang your bells. <br />Think of times when anger, fear, pain, joy,  lust, grief, love and hate have coursed through you in unstoppable waves.  <br />Think of times when you've simply been aware of being ALIVE - raw,  fragile maybe, but pulsingly alive.<br />Think of a sight, a smell, a sound, a  tune which can carry you back in an instant to the best and the worst of  times. <br />Think of a band which can - and DOES - capture that rawness, that  sense of being ALIVE - despite flaws and failures. A band that MATTERED -  and still does. <br />Think of spending a couple of hours being amused,  lifted, transported, fascinated and entertained by a gang you'd really want  to spend years of your life with. <br />And then buy this video. It might be  the best buy you'll ever make. <br />Honestly.
0964385619|5.0|I really like this book. Kiyosaki tells it like it is and how it has to be if you have a desire to get ahead and become wealthy. I think that what he has to say is important for anyone who dreams of being able to retire early  and enjoy a life that is truly in their own hands. This book has inspired  me to change things about myself, first the way that I think. I recommend  this book to anyone who wants to learn ways to improve their financial  fitness and to secure a prosperous future.
0345350499|5.0|The women of Arthurian Legend achieve their full and marvelous potential--for better and worse--in this stunning book. It's a rare book that will inspire me to read more by an author, but Marion Zimmer Bradley's  able definition and character depth have carried me through &quot;The  Forest House&quot; and &quot;Lady of Avalon&quot; as well. The story is  inviting. Once it has you, it doesn't let you go until you've had your fill  and you're comfortably sated.
0446525537|4.0|The words flow from the page and bring warmth to your mind. Wonderfully written story about a boy and girl who find each other at the right time. The lessons that they learn from each other bring them into maturity and  teach them about being a good person in life and what is truly important in  life.
B00000JCB3|4.0|THIS IS THE BEST C.D I HAVE EVER GOTTEN!  NOOKIE IS THE BEST SONG I HAVE EVER HEARD!  BSB NEEDS TO GET SOME NOOKIE TO UNDERSTAND MUSIC! ~ PEACE * :)~
B000020617|5.0|The Foo Fighters have finally gotten over that agrressive early 90's wanna-be distortion crud, and made the album I have been waiting for.  Yeah, I know that their heavy stuff can be great, but when you hear Dave  sing &quot;Aurora&quot;, the best track on the new c.d, you'll see what  they have been missing these past few years.
0671867369|5.0|I had the rare opportunity to meet the real MAJ Winters and even share a dinner table with him.  Based on this experience I can share with you all that Mr. Ambrose has done a remarkable job of capturing the essense of this  warrior in text.  This book was one of those rare &quot;can't put  downs&quot; that you only happen upon a few times.  I strongly recommend  this book to both WWII buffs and those who are just starting to learn about  the war.  You will doubtlessly gain insight into the suffering, trials, and  triumphs of those great men who did battle for all of us fifty years ago.
0792833686|5.0|I love this marvellously entertaining piece of film. It is not hilarious, but funny and charming. And the songs are incredible. ALL of them.
B000021XR5|2.0|For the most part this is an aggressive, straight-ahead album. Weiland's vocals are strong, but I found only a couple tunes I could latch onto, and I've given it a few tries. For the most part I wish they'd speed up the  tempo sometimes and rock faster. Songs seem to drag a bit. <br />Not that this  matters too much, but there's probably not a radio-worthy tune here. Better  luck next time. And it'll be awhile, cuz Weiland's going to jail for a  year, I guess. <br />Listen before you buy.
B000002LBH|5.0|This is timeless music. I've been listening to this CD for about 12 years now, I'm on my third copy. Next to The Queen Is Dead, this is the Smith's best work. Johny Marr's guitar work never ages (although Morrissey's voice  does). I remembering listening to this for the first time in high school  and being absolutely floored. In the meantime, my classmates were listening  to Motley Crue, bless their hearts...
6303109950|5.0|Though I am no fan of Kurt Russell or Val Kilmer, their performances, along with very strong supporting performances by Sam Elliot, Dana Delaney and others, make this film a real pleasure. The writers and director were  certainly fans of the Western genre and had learned a thing or two from  John Ford and others before they set out to make this picture, and this may  have been the first &quot;neo classic&quot; followed recently by &quot;The  Mask of Zorro&quot; and &quot;The Mummy&quot;. Surprisingly, it is actually  more accurate to the life story of Wyatt Earp than Costner's mess  &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot;. It is much more satisfying than other modern  Westerns, particularly those of Clint Eastwood, whose brooding and gloomy  vision may be historically accurate but is awfully depressing. Along with  &quot;Silverado&quot; it is a modern classic,and a great deal of fun with  with strong acting and an excellent script. However, sensitive persons and  children under 14 probably should avoid the picture due to its episodes of  violence.
B000003TSP|5.0|the best album of 1997 is a dark and lovely piece of work. &quot;cowboys&quot; , &quot;half day closing&quot; and &quot;undenied&quot;  are my favorites. ms. gibbons voice is great, but without that creepy  music providing endless spine chills, it just would not be the same. in  other words, a superb balance of the vocal and instrumental elements.
B000002P5W|5.0|I think this album is way better than AYE. It was recorded in a short period of time. All 13 tracks are excellent.
0345360338|5.0|In all of my 35 years of reading historical romances, I have never been so excited about reading as I have been since I have discovered the genius of Sharon K. Penman.  It has been a long time since I can't wait to come home  from work to know that her works are there to open my mind to her wonderful  world.  Please give this incredible author a chance to show you her gifts  as she has done to me.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is one of the best sci-fi movies to along along in a long time.  Not only does it have graphics that will blow you away, but its plot is one of the most original plots I've ever seen in a movie.
0671578278|5.0|Lois McMaster Bujold writes about well-developed characters in an interesting sci-fi background.  This book continues to develop the characters in a very plausible and extremely funny manner.  She's great!   It's a wonderful read.  Enjoy.
B00000J7RZ|3.0|Several songs off ON THE 6 are pretty good and very danceable esp the current release WAITNG FOR TONIGHT and the #1 smash IF YOU HAD MY LOVE. Remixes of the #1 smash were even more excellent than the original. The  rest of the album are a mixture of dance, latin-influenced and R&amp;B  hip-hop music. Generally, Miss Lopez shows good promise but the album lacks  a clear direction. With time she will do much better. Her voice is not that  bad,after all, with a sexy twang! Banging on her sensuality and actress  status plus another surefire TOP TEN smash with Tonight, she will turn out  fine!
B000003S09|5.0|30 years ago, I received a copy as a gift. I had been listening to bands like Herman's Hermits &amp; The Dave Clark Five.  But this changed everything--and (sadly) has yet to be surpassed. Its unfortunate that this  type of dense, lush music has been so badly imitated. Thanks to bands like  ELP &amp; Marrilion, people don't realize how thrilling the early King  Crimson and Genesis were.  Get the first 2 KC albums, Tony Banks' &quot;A  Curious Feeling&quot;, Mike Rutherford/Anthony Philips' &quot;Smallcreep's  Day&quot; and, alas, that's about it.
B00000K19E|5.0|Awesome 3dfx and sound!  Nice touch of dark color and cg designs on the bullets!  Over all very cool and very recommended!
B000002UAR|5.0|When Revolver was released in '66, its success was not assured. The British invasion was losing its fascination for Americans and, as a result, Capitol records was on the defensive at the time of Revolver's release.   Beatlemania had also subsided and it was not clear as to what direction the  Beatles would take following Rubber Soul and Help.  If you are old enough  to remember the musical landscape in mid '66, it was not all that  impressive (&quot;The Pied Piper&quot;, &quot;Hanky Panky&quot;), apart  from a few bright spots represented by the Beatles, Stones (Aftermath -  Paint it Black), Dylan, and Simon &amp; Garfunkle. When the adolescents who  purchased the album in '66 first played it, they were surprised to hear a  song about taxes.  They were quickly jolted by what was to follow:  &quot;Rigby&quot;, &quot;For No One&quot;, &quot;She Said&quot;,  &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;, &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;.  In many  ways, the depth of content in Revolver exceeded its young audience's  ability to appreciate it, which is probably why the album kept growing in  stature in subsequent years.  We grew into Revolver.  In the context of  '66, the production values and subject content of Revolver still represents  a high watermark, which is why many of us believe it to be more avante  garde than what would follow in '67 at the beginning of the summer of love.  For all its brilliance, &quot;Pepper&quot; sounds more timeworn &amp;  somewhat less relevant than its predecessor.
B00001MXXG|5.0|There are some films that capture a moment so well that you can't turn away from them. This is one of those for me. Who can forget the secretary in the Office? or Cameron? the Ferrari scene? or &quot;Twist and  Shout&quot; &quot;Anyone?...anyone?&quot; I put this movie up there with  &quot;Blues Brothers&quot;, &quot;Real Genius&quot; and &quot;Weird  Science&quot; If they are on I have to watch them. And I can watch it with  my family and we all can laugh.
B000000WF0|2.0|At the time of it's release, this album was praised by some critics as being the rebirth of &quot;serious&quot; music in the wake of the &quot;ironic&quot; brit-pop era. But seriousness does not always mean good.  Built around anthemic and pompous sondscapes, the lyrics are self pitying.  &quot;I want to her some sounds that recognize the pain in me&quot;  Ashcroft sings in Bittersweet Symphony. Granted, we need to belong and  relate. But then he goes &quot;Happiness / more or less / is just a change  in me /something in my liberty&quot;.It's too literal and it doesent talk  to anybody but himself. Sorry, but we don't need selfpity.
0670827592|5.0|This is an irresistibly silly, great work of comic art!<br />Yes indeed, there is always another side to a story! A. Wolf explains his side of the classic tale in an almost plausible and sympathetic way. It was all an  accident! It wasn't his fault! He didn't mean to sneeze those flimsy little  houses down, and now would you have him walk away from a perfectly good ham  dinner?<br />This book is great fun to read, and the art contains amazing  little extras that add another layer to the humor. Of course, the audience  has to know the old version of the 3 Little Pigs story; not one of the  modern, watered-down, nobody-gets-hurt modified versions...<br />A perennial  favorite.
B00000K3UU|2.0|This is a typical american movie. Just a short story with a few laughs. This is the kind of film that you want to see one time only. Only a typical american ignorant fool would like this film. Get the Matrix instead.
B000002UAX|5.0|This album is a sonic marvel! Every song has it's place and the album flows as one seamless work of art. It's no wonder that even Jimmy Page has admitted on several occasions that the &quot;White Album&quot; is the  greatest rock album of all time.
0393039765|5.0|Reading Fight CClub, one enters the no man's land between sanity and schizophrenia. It is amazing the way Palahniuk decribes this journey to the depths of human phyche that has suppressed its true desires and has created  a whole different world to live in. The extremes of human nature are seen  as normal and the normalities of our life are actually extremities we do to  keep sane. It is a book waiting to be made a movie, that's true, but that  doesn't reduce its literary value at all. It is the modern version of the  figure of the Stranger, except this time there are 2 of them. I hope  Palahniuk is not a one-time author and keeps up the good work.
0684874350|5.0|For anyone who was reared in a less than economically favored household, this book will put your life into perspective. A stunning achievement with an exquisite writing style, Mr. McCourt takes us into his poverty stricken  childhood in Limerick, Ireland but like the Phoenix he rises again in New  York. A classic that should be read by students and adults everywhere.
B000021XS0|5.0|Unpredictable yet incredibly melodius and technical yet so so passionate, this album is Dream Theater's greatest achievement and even surpasses Queensryche's Operation Mindcrime in its musical scope and quality.  Anyone  who says progressive rock is nothing but aimless soloing should listen to  this.
B000020617|5.0|Any band that has Tenacious D in their video must be good. With that said, if you still live in the 70's with bands like Queen, Boston, and even Steely Dan, then buy this CD.
6305594252|5.0|i felt the sound was incredible in pro logic and the picture quality excellent,its by far my favorite movie on dvd.
0517543052|5.0|This is one of the first books I read on my journey of self discovery. An excellent start for the beginning traveler.
0688145078|5.0|After reading about 8 big brother/big sister books, this is one of my top three favorites. The mood of the book is very positive, unlike many others on the subject. Our son enjoys it very much.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|&quot;The Battle of Los Angeles&quot; hits hard.  It is a lyrical masterpiece(just like the first album) and Morello once again puts together a unique and wicked series of guitar trickery that blows my mind.  This may  just be Rage's best yet.  They truly fuse hip-hop and rock together with  the sound and fury that can only be Rage Against the Machine.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|On first listen I was struck by how much it sounded like Evil Empire  with the exception of  &quot;sleep now in the fire&quot;.  Tom Morello's guitar sounds are eccentric  as ever  and Brad Wilk's drumming  is tight.  I was  expecting it to have a different sound from their previous album but it's  still great.  &quot;Maria&quot; is definetly my favorite song.  Its lyrics  paint a bitter picture but not a hopeless one.  And like the previous two  albums, all sounds are made from drums, bass, guitar and vocals.  That's  admirable considering most bands today sound nothing like their studio cuts  when they play live.  Rage sounds just as good live as they do in the  studio.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage has always been unbelievable in my mind. The shows are largely filled with hardore fans, (little panzy posers need not apply), as RATM has always been about the release and unity of the conscious mind. If you're looking  for pop music, then this is definately not for you; however, if you enjoy  music because it inspires and affects you, get this one and the first two.  This record is more experimental then their first two and is equally  powerful. Look for Morello's crazy styles and Timmy C. keeping it in line.  Brad Wilk plays up a little on this record and Zack.. well.. if you know  Zack then you know.
