630562285X|5.0|Do not be fooled by those reviewers that would lead you to believe that this is not a truly excellent movie.  I'm a very hard person to please, but this movie captivated my awareness from the opening scene.  One should not  try to classify this movie as being in the same movie genre as James Bond,  as the pace and storylines differ.  After reading other reviews, it  appeared that people were disappointed they only see Connery as James Bond.   Don't be fooled, Entrapment is a wonderful, tantalizing adventure.
B000009O8A|5.0|Why is this brilliant film so maligned by so many so-called film critics? It is a gripping, intelligent anti-rape film, which is brilliantly acted by a cast of unknowns(though star Camille Keaton appeared in several Italian  exploitation films). The 'Videohound' reviewer said that the scenes in the  film were irresponsibly portrayed, which is a total joke. The reason why  this film has such an impact is because it is so realistic; because of the  lack of music, the great acting, and most importantly, the fact that the  film is so subtle. In the rape and the murder scenes, the viewer sees very  little; there is hardly any gore or graphicness.  That is not  irresponsible, that is brilliant film making.         Anyone who thinks  this film could encourage rapists obviously hasn't seen it, as the rapists  get their brutal come-uppance. In fact, this film should be shown to  convicted rapists over and over, like the pavlovian therapy meted out to  Alex in 'A Clockwork Orange'; It might make them think twice about raping  again.             I think that ISOYG comes across as a feminist film,  though wether or not Meir Zarchi intended this is hard to tell.
630027179X|5.0|This film version of the Arturian legend has no peer in the realization of its ambition to be an atmospheric, spiritual, thoroughly earnest telling of the complete Arthur cycle. It sets a theme:&quot;the king and the land are  one,&quot; and everything in the movie expounds opon that theme. When the  king is healthy, the land is healthy. When the king is sick and all the  knights have left his court, the land is sick, and famine and pestilence  abound. Merlin works to heal the land, while Morgana seeks selfish revenge.  Since her target is the king, her successes bring the land to ruin.<br />No  one should think that this is the definitive film version of Arthur, there  is no such thing. The demands of the medium prevent such a thing from  existing. However this is one of the most satisfying fim experiences based  on Arthur out there. There are nit-picky inaccuracies all over the place.  The knights wear plate armor all the time. In truth, knights did take their  armor off when not in battle. The warriors of the historical Arthurian  period (late 5th - early 7th cent., depending on who you read) did not wear  plate steel armor at all (The TV movie &quot;Merlin&quot; actually has the  most authentic period armor, even changing the armor styles over time).  Percival is made to throw the sword into the water at the end, when in all  the books it's been Bedevere (no film version gives us that). But these are  really director's choices to put forward his vision of the legend. I'm sure  even making Merlin look like Sergei Eisenstein's &quot;Ivan the  Terrible&quot; must be a deliberate choice (perhaps to indicate that Merlin  is not necessarilly a GOOD man, and is willing to do BAD things for the  good of his nation).<br />This movie is a worthy addition to the Arthurian  tradition and an excellent film in its own right.
0800141660|5.0|This is as close to perfection as it gets. Emma Thompson and Kate Winslet are amazing. Their portrayal of sisterly love is flawless. Hugh Grant is charming as usual. I was so drawn into this story by all the characters  that I forgot I was sitting on my couch watching a screen. The next to last  scene is so beautiful-I dare you not to cry.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|On The 6 is an excellent album.  It's become a real favorite of mine and I have had it on heavy rotation.  The two hit singles &quot;If You Had My Love,&quot; and &quot;Waiting For Tonight&quot; are terrific. &quot;Feelin'  So Good,&quot; as well as &quot;Let's Get Loud,&quot; are great high energy  songs that make you want to move.  The ballads &quot;No Me Ames,&quot;  (w/Marc Anthony)&quot;Should've Never,&quot; and &quot;Promise Me You'll  Try&quot; are beautiful.  I don't agree with those who are knocking her  abilities. Such naysayers are more than likely just envious of her talent.   For those of you out there who enjoy really hip, high-energy, feel-good  music then On The 6 is definitely where it's at.  I recommend it to you.
6305657947|5.0|A great heist movie. Brosnan and Russo have a chemistry rarely seen in movies these days. They are so convincing they actually make you believe that making love on a marble staircase is enjoyable.
0671578278|5.0|Let me first explain that I am a great lover of Miles Vorkosigan books.  And a great fan of Bujold's, even when she's not writing about him.  But I think this is one of the better books in the series, showing more about him  than those that spend more time with his point of view.<br />If you have read  Komarr (and you really SHOULD), you know what one story thread is going to  be.  But this hardly prepares you for all the twists and turns of what, to  a Barryarran biographer, would be one of the calm, safe, boring parts of  Miles' life.  As if he was going to have any.<br />It's hard to know what to  say about this book; a LOT of people find the person of their dreams, Miles  holds down a REAL job, Kareen finds her path in life, Mark is more  Mark-like than ever, Aral and Cordelia use their parenting skills, and  Barrayar as a whole gets dragged kicking and screaming another step towards  enlightenment.<br />There are 3 spots where I cry, 4 spots where I laugh, and  I enjoyed the whole thing.  This probably isn't a good book to start the  series with, but it's a good book.  Start with _Warrior's_Apprentice_ or  _Brothers_in_Arms_, which are out in paperback.
0440227275|4.0|Hi my Howard Mamane and my friend Richard Bell are writing this we are in grade 6 this year. Our class read the Giver. We liked it a lot but the ending was not so well done. We think that you could of made a better ending or at least made a continuation because this book could continue for  a little while and make it much better a much book. You could of writin  what would happen if Jonas came back and what happened to Jonas if he died  or made it elsewhere and what was it like  there. I think that you are a  very good other because I have read some other books of yours and they were  great so I think that you could of made the ending a little better because  you have a lot of talent. If it is possible, you should rewrite the ending  of The Giver. I think that you are very talented. If you read this I realy  apreshiat it.
6304044836|2.0|I was very disappointed with this movie.  I felt that Ormond and Ford had no chemistry at all. I get so tired of the older man/much younger woman syndrome.  Ormond's transformation from mousy young girl to sophisticated  woman was completely unbelievable.  Harrison Ford gives her little reason  to switch alliances, but she does anyway  making her appear very shallow. I  usually like most romantic comedies but his one was definitely a waste of  time.
0767822617|5.0|No matter how many times I see this movie, and I'm old enough to remember when it came out, I always cry. It's such a waste that two people who obviously love each other, can't find a way to make it work. Life's too  short to let love like that go.
B0000060NF|5.0|Burt Bacharach and Marvin Gaye are two of my very favorite artists. &quot;What's Going On&quot; is among my favorite 2 or 3 albums. Recently I read an interview with Mr. Bacharach and he was referring to works that  don't age well, and then said something like &quot;[A]nd then you listen to  What's Going On -- and it's not like that.&quot; Indeed, in the recent  &quot;An Amazing Night&quot; TV special (now on CD and video), Mr.  Bacharach accompanied Luther Vandross in What The World Needs Now Is Love  using a Marvin Gaye/What's Going On-like arrangement. The beat is unique,  and the percusssion is up there with the vocals. The greats tend to measure  value in terms of longevity, and this album will live for ever.
6304414048|5.0|Depressing yet powerfully real. I just saw this movie the other day and 'My God', I have never really known how bad alcoholism is until I saw this movie. Cage plays a unbelievable role as one with same that problem. And  then Shue also plays a amazing role as a hooker with problems on her own.   And fate has brought them together to help them solve these immense  problems together. I am really  big Cage fan and my opinion is this one of  his greatest acting ever. The other one would be 8MM. If you haven't seen  this movie before and want to, go and get it right now. But be warned as  you will  be pushed into a reality that most have never seen. The same also  goes for 8MM.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I bought the CD mainly for Smooth, but it turns out that there are a lot of great songs on it. Put Your Lights On was a great song, and really, the entire album was fantastic.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|I've grown up with movies starting in the 50's, with the all-to-obvious special effects, until now with Matrix. I was blown away. And the extras on the DVD showing how they were created didn't take a thing away from the  wonderful complexity of what they created.
B000002OK3|4.0|The soundtrack from the movie &quot;Reservior Dogs&quot; is a unique one but probably one that only fans of the movie will really appreciate.  I found only two songs off the whole CD to be lousy and they're both by the  same group, Bedlam.  They must have been friends of Tarantino's because in  my opinion they lack good musical talent.  The two songs that get you're  blood pumping the most are &quot;Little Green Bag&quot; by the George Baker  Selection and &quot;I Gotcha&quot; by Joe Tex.  I don't know much about  either of these two artists but after hearing these songs I'd like to find  out more.  Of the dialouge excerpts the one that is best is &quot;Let's Get  A Taco&quot;, where Harvey Kietel's Mr. White explains to Tim Roth's Mr.  Orange what to do if the manager of the diamond store won't give them the  diamonds.  Even if you haven't seen the movie it's still pretty damn funny.
B000003TA4|5.0|I am only 17 and i must say that this is the best album of the 90's. The lyrics are very spacy and have a very free feeling to them. We must also reconize that the band itself is very tight. Kurt can play and sing very  well and he has a tremdous voice. Did you notice that all the songs are  good. That is unlike any other i have heard. WOW!
630512762X|4.0|Cage rocks this one.  Nonstop action until the end.  The only flaw I noticed in thd dvd was in chapter 17 is seemd to pause for a few seconds.  Anyone else have this problem?
B000001ELD|5.0|This underrated classic has drawn heavy criticism from so-called &quot;fans&quot; because it refuses to bend to one musical style.To say that Gene didn't take his solo project seriously is stupid;it gave him a   chance to show another side.The album showed Gene giving credit to his  idols;witness the Beatle harmonies on &quot;Mr Make Believe&quot; and the  tribute to Lon Chaney on &quot;Man of A Thousand Faces&quot;.The demon  slyly raises his head on &quot;Radioactive&quot;,&quot;Living In Sin&quot;,  and &quot;Burning Up With Fever&quot;.Finally Gene soulfully tackles Walt  Disney on &quot;When You Wish Upon A Star&quot;.This is the best of the  solo albums.Paul and Aces's are good,but predictable,and Peter's . . .never  mind.
6305263248|2.0|Surely this is a promising concept. DeNiro, Reno, Bean, guns, cars, intrigue, secret suitcases, explosions, doublecrosses, and a partridge in a pear tree. With the amount of time and attention that's obviously been  lavished on the production, what could possibly go wrong?<br />To me this  movie possesses a severe crisis of purpose. People come, people go; people  get shot, people - erm, get shot anyway. There seems to be a complete lack  of viewer attachment to the film - we tend not to care one way or another  about any of the characters because as soon as we do? Bam, they're gone.  All the action, frantic and tense as it is, just seems slightly irrelevant,  since they're all going to die anyway.<br />On the plus side, direction and  acting is generally good, and the scenery is naturally wonderful. The  &quot;Ronin&quot; legend of the title is intriguing, but clumsily handled,  so we're left wondering whether it's really relevant. In short, slick  production values can't substitute for real emotion in this rather faceless  thriller.
0345347951|5.0|Most of my view of Science Fiction comes from the aliens are the bad guys so lets kill em movies such as Starship Troopers, Aliens movies and such.<br />This was the first SF book I picked up in a long time. I heard  stuff about Arthur Clarke and that he was a good SF author from the 1950's  which also surprised me.<br />After reading this book, it simply blew me away.  Every single science fiction movie and novel I read is gravy compared to  this excellent piece which entraps you in its intricate plots and  characters and its unpredictability. <br />I can go on for hours and include  hundreds of spoilers for this book but I won't. But if you like science  fiction remotely, you must read this book. And anotehr amazing thing is  that it was written in the 1950's and the beginning bares much resemblence  to Independence Day. <br />Speaking of that I do wish a movie would be  released on this story but the only problem is I don't think any adapted  screenplay could do this book justice.
B00000JGHM|4.0|After browsing through similar confections of thriller, you begin to realise just how much Heat stands out. The acting is naturally top-drawer, Pacino and DeNiro being backed up by a supporting cast so good you don't  realise they're just actors. But above that, the style makes all the  difference - brooding shots of the city, character angles that somehow  perfectly complement the stars, and some of the best action sequences of  the last few years, all the better for their realism. Perhaps overlong for  the casual watcher, and certainly not at all original, Heat nevertheless  slams you into your chair and fills your mind for an evening. I dare you to  stop it to get popcorn.
B000002GH1|5.0|This must be their second best cd.... A winne
0783225733|4.0|After reading the book, (all true fans should, by the way) this movie, as most do, seems to slide into the slightly thin side. In fact, the movie-makers didn't have time or space to detail all that befell the  flight, spending time instead on scene-setting and character-building.<br />A  shame, for what you have here is a professionally-done retelling of a tale  which too many of us don't know. The events of the film sum up much that  was good and bad about American attitudes towards the Space Race, and  usually manages to steer clear of jingoism. Wonderful, wonderful music from  James Horner supplements a solid cast, of whom Ed Harris gets most praise  for his portrayal of Gene Kranz, a flight director who just won't give up.   Not the real thing, then, but an incredible simulation.
B000001FTH|3.0|The indelible stamp on this album is the genius of producer Trevor Horn, which is remarkable by itself given that, so far as I can tell, Horn had nothing whatsoever to do with the first nine tracks on the album. They're  nine nicely produced, if not particularly interesting songs: the textures  are wonderful, the rhythms are intricate - they sound like outstandingly  recorded tracks of high-class 80s funk.<br />Well, they do until you listen  to the tenth, which Horn did produce, a ditty called 'Slave to the Rhythm'.  Somehow this track makes the rest sound like they were recorded using tin  cans strung together with gardening string. Just how could Slave to the  Rhythm be so much better? Search me. If I knew, maybe I too could have  coaxed an album as good as 'Welcome to the Pleasure Dome' from a bunch of  talent-free Liverpudlians - after all, that's what Trevor Horn did. 'Slave'  is forty miles wide, it's got a bass deeper than the Grand Canyon, and  intricate little percussive fills and chinking guitars ripple around the  soundstage like golden winged angels. It's a groovy song, too, which can't  be said for much of the rest of this material. Fifteen years on much of  Island Life sounds hopelessly dated - which is only what you'd expect:  Grace Jones was an artist of the time, and on the whole Island Life doesn't  transcend that. 'Slave...', on the other hand - perhaps thanks to Mr Horn -  does.
0790729628|5.0|It's hard to explain to the non-enthusiast just what makes Blade Runner the classic it undoubtedly is - the surprisingly solid special effects, the moody, dystopian setting, the enduring themes of life and death all add up  to a devastatingly powerful film. This DVD is short on features, but the  joy of seeing an undeniablely wonderful film in perfect quality surely  overrides that. If you want to understand modern science fiction, you need  to see this film.
B00003A9QL|5.0|This cd is fantastic!  I love the marriage of hard rock and orchestral arrangements!  Other bands that try something &quot;different&quot; with  their music usually end up in a completely different direction from their  musical roots, i.e.,100% accoustic or orchestral, but Metallica does not  lose any of their hard-edge sound.  &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; and  &quot;One&quot; are done beautifully, and Hetfield's voice is prowling,  growling and sexy, as usual.  This cd is right on the money and is worth  every penney!
6304711891|4.0|What you have here, see, is a genre-buster. Quite simply, &quot;The Rock&quot; is the best pure action film of the last few years. It takes a great cast (Sean Connery! Ed Harris!), great direction, great music, and  great writing, and manages to put them all together without ruining any of  them. Cheese is on limited display here, as Cage and Connery fizz off each  other. Harris is again brilliant as a maverick general with a realistic  angle. The film tugs all your emotions the right way at the right time, and  paces itself beautifully. Perhaps the SanFran chase scene is derivative and  overlong, and perhaps the formula is just a little too well-worn. But you  won't see it done better than here - guaranteed.
B000001E18|5.0|A great album done at a time where the band was in white hot form from their Zoo TV tour.  The results are some fantastic performance on some very diverse, experimental, and un-mainstream type songs.<br />Much of the CD seems  to have come out of jam sessions from the band and it created a lot of  unusual song forms (&quot;Lemon&quot; comes to mind) based on the ideas  they had at the time.<br />The band continues to expand its musical pallette  with more electronic treaments which create more diverse arrangements than  the standard rhythm section lineup (gtr, bass, drums, vocals).
B00000FZ1V|4.0|You're always going to have a hard time with eighties comedies coming out on DVD - especially one heavy on the special effects. But Ghostbusters succeeds thanks mostly to Bill Murray's runaway performance in the second  half - unlike most comedies, the movie actually gets funnier as it goes.  Harold Ramis, Dan Ackroyd, Rick Moranis and Sigourney Weaver are all  perfect (although they seem to be supporting him) and the finale is worth  seeing again, just to remind yourself how funny it was the first time. Of  course, stop-frame animation is now so passe as to be prehistoric, and the  effects in general date the film. It also starts slowly, with plot  necessary to scythe through in order to access the jokes. But stick with it  - this is proof that comedies can be funny and still have a plot.
B000001DTM|5.0|With due respect to Nirvana (&quot;Nevermind&quot;) and Radiohead (&quot;OK Computer&quot;), this CD is without question the CD of the 90's.<br />Why do I think so?  Because U2, one of the world's most popular,  successful, and critically acclaimed bands of it's time.....took the chance  by making over their image and their music stylistically and created a work  that was dark, edgy, dancable, melodic, alternative, and mainstream at the  same time.  What other CDs from established artists have had credibility in  the 'pop' and 'alternative' genres?  Not many, this being one of a  few.<br />They could have easily copied their success on The Joshua Tree and  sell millions, but instead they chose to explore new musical territory (for  them) regardless of the consequences.  Few bands can and have done that  while still maintaining their popularity (The Beatles and Stones come to  mind).<br />This is one disc that I still listen to constantly.
B00001OH7U|5.0|After Ziggy Stardust, and Aladdin Sane, after the theatricality of &quot;Diamond Dogs&quot;, and the plastic-soul of &quot;Young Americans&quot; there came prehaps Bowie's most haunting persona, The Thin  White Duke, and this is his record.<br />At time of recording Bowie was in the  depths of a serious cocaine addiction. It is said that he now remembers  very little of the recording of &quot;Station To Station&quot;. But once  you have heard this album you will not forget it easily.<br />The title track  is a ten minute epic in which Bowie's vocal range travels in leaps and  bounds. Meet The Thin White Duke himself and gasp in awe as he screams:  'It's not the side effects of the cocaine/I'm thinking that it must be  love'.<br />&quot;Word On A Wing&quot; sees Bowie at his most poignant as he  pleads for grace in a desperate search for God. Shiver as he croons his way  through the best version of &quot;Wild Is The Wind&quot; ever  recorded.<br />This CD not important, it is *essential*! No collection should  be without it.
B000002J1O|5.0|Before I give you my thoughts, I'd just like to say that Amazon's info on this CD is incorrect.  Phil Collins DID NOT make his vocal debut on this CD with &quot;More Fool Me&quot;, but on Nursery Cryme with &quot;For Absent  Friends&quot;.  Having said that, here are my thoughts on Selling England  by the Pound.<br />This CD is the best collection of progressive compositions  from the Gabriel era.  While Nursery Cryme and Foxtrot are also  outstanding, usually 1 song stands out above the rest on those CDs  (&quot;Supper's Ready&quot; from Foxtrot, &quot;The Musical Box&quot; from  Nursery Cryme).  Selling England had several songs that became concert  standards and fan favorites:  Dancing with the Moonlit Knight, The Cinema  Show, I Know What I Like, and The Firth of Fifth... and that's half the CD!   Amongst 'the remnants' is an outstanding Phil Collins peformance on  &quot;More Fool Me&quot; (which, as stated earlier, was NOT his vocal  debut).<br />I find it interesting that my two favorite Genesis CDs (this one  and &quot;Trick of The Tail&quot;) chronogically bookend The Lamb, which is  widely seen as their masterpiece.  Go figure!
B00002EPJH|5.0|I love this album. Better enjoy it at silent night, alone or with someone you love......
0783228317|1.0|This supposedly gonzo, stream of consciousness, day in the life of 2 drug addled miscreants is a real loser. At times I felt repulsed.  Its only redeeming quality is the authentic 1971 atmosphere.  See it if you must,  but do so on an empty stomach.
B00002EPJH|5.0|I love this album. Better enjoy it at silent night, alone or with someone you love......
B000002KBH|5.0|This and Workingman's Dead are both amazing albums.  This has less country to it then Workingmans, but this is amazing work.  Box of Rain is a great start off, then we get two Dead classics Friend of the Devil and Sugar  Magnolia.  Into the album further there is a true gem called Ripple.   Ripple is a beautiful song, maybe the best they have ever written.  It is  more of a poem almost, and its just plain beautiful.  The next songs are  ok, but Truckin' leaves you with a great feeling at the end of the album.   This is a true gem in the dead collection, and I really hate to say this,  but after this, the studio albums sorta went... bad.  But this is them in  their prime, and it may be their best.  Nevertheless, they have put a lot  of great live work, some people say that the Dead were a live band, so  check those out too.  Check this and Workingman's out you won't be  disappointed.
6305169195|2.0|&quot;Armageddon&quot; stars Bruce Willis, Ben Affleck, Steve Buscemi and many other likeable and capable actors. It is not their fault that the movie is a disappointment. It's not that I don't like films that have no  ambition except being great fun, because I believe that this is a very high  ambition. Only few recent pictues succeeded in being just that and  &quot;Armageddon&quot; is definitely not one of them. It has great special  effects, yes, but it has no real momentum. The editing is the worst thing  of this film. Michael Bay mistakenly believes that the more cuts I have per  minute the more exhilerating and relentless is the action. A fatal error.  He should study the action scenes of films like &quot;The Terminator&quot;  or &quot;Face/Off&quot; frame by frame. What's more, the screenplay gives  us no characters to root for. The wisecracks of the squad is alternately  stupid, unfunny or both. All this ends up to a rather boring film that also  seems to go on forever because you feel already sleepy halfway through.
B000031XCR|5.0|not at all like most greatest hits cd's  it is a great blend of her greatest hits with enough new!    material(for her)      it could havebeen made into( 2)   seperate albums!  all together a greatso-long album to  remember her by as she takes some well deserved time off
6303168507|5.0|Of all the Oscar-winning pictures of the nineties, &quot;Schindler's List&quot; is clearly the finest. Be it the screenplay, the acting, the direction, the cinematography or the music score. This film is simply  masterful in all respects.<br />It is a highly complex drama that touches many  issues (heroism, moral choice, human nature among others), still it is  never pretentious or didactic. It also manages to be a technically superior  film without being jingoistic or self-indulgent. Despite its  three-hour-plus length, &quot;Schindler's List&quot; never loses momentum  and sometimes even succeeds in being entertaining as  well.<br />&quot;Schindler's List&quot; is really an exceptional movie. A film  of rare emotional and intelectual power and impact. The only  Spielberg-films that were even more commercially successful in Germany were  &quot;E.T.&quot; and &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;. If Spielberg had never made  another great film (which he made plenty of), we would have to call him a  genius because of &quot;Schindler's List&quot;.
B0000047EC|5.0|Could poetry express without words? Every single song is so deep and complete tht lives alone. You travel ten feet high, with your mind you're in thousnd different places with the sensation of being always at home. It  someting like being Tom Sawyer, on a raft in a lazy riverbeing amazing of  the world. To listen to this album is one of that thing in life that  surprise you and give a sense of comfort: in life could always happen  something  wonderfull!
B00000IQMT|2.0|This CD is a horrific example of what happens when great music meets bad record label.  No tracks on this CD are intact, are are fragments carelessly strewn around. This is due to the carelessness and arrogance of  Sony Classical.  After a 5 million dollar buy on Sony's part,  Williams and  Lucas decided to sell out their classical work.  It contains no portions of  Qui-Gons theme or the briefly stated (new for episode 1) Obi-Wan's theme.   This album should have gotten the 2 CD RCA victor treatment like the  Special editions soundtracks did.  I was shocked. I DEMAND, ALONG WITH MANY  OTHER FANS- A TWO CD SET!
B000002IAZ|5.0|Now that we've stopped guffawing over the Limp Bizkit remark, let's get serious :-).  Buffalo Springfield was a great mid-sixties band from Los Angeles that embodied the tendency of talented rock groups to provide  listeners with a taste of greatness, only to end up splitting apart into  offspring bands that in most cases are not as musically satisfying.   Buffalo Springfield included some of the truly creative artists of sixties  rock: Steven Stills, Neil Young, Richie Furay, and Jim Messina. The tension  between their distinctive talents and styles led the band to achieve a  fresh, original sound that today, over thirty years later, is still  incredible to hear. The progeny of this highly original group, which  included Poco, Crosby, Stills, and Nash, and Neil Young With Crazy Horse,  all produced great recordings in their time, but I still wonder longingly  what Buffalo Springfield might have achieved musically had the band been  able to stay together longer.<br />Fortunately, Buffalo Springfield did leave  us with three terrific albums, which provide the basis for this &quot;best  of&quot; collection, which includes twelve selected tracks.  It's likely  that most Buffalo Springfield fans will have at least one objection to the  track selection here.  That's nearly always the case with &quot;best  of&quot; albums.  However, I think that whoever made the choices did about  as well as anyone could do.  Any album that includes sixties political  classic &quot;For What It's Worth,&quot; hot rockers like &quot;Mr.  Soul&quot; and &quot;Rock and Roll Woman,&quot; gorgeous pop compositions  like &quot;On the Way Home,&quot; and the short Neil Young composition that  is nearly perfect in its heartfelt simplicity, &quot;I Am A Child,&quot;  has got to be considered a winner.
B00000J2PH|5.0|I bought this CD for my wife for Christmas and immediately fell in love with it.  The music is timeless.  I have always enjoyed music from the 60s and 70s, this is no exception.  It is well worth buying.
B0000013G9|5.0|i bought this cd four years ago.  it was all i listended too.  It is one of the few cds where you can just listen nonstop to all of the songs without forwarding thorugh.  i just started listening to the cd again a  couple months ago and i just can't stop listening to it.  i just went to  the concert last saturday night in oakland.  it was the best concert i have  ever been to.  they sang all their old songs and i love tlc so much i was  crying!  fanmail is also great but crazysexycool is the best of all the tlc  cds.
B00001NFCY|4.0|I think this CD is worth the money.  I am in no way saying this is a bad CD.  But there is some definitly boring songs on it.  I have MoP and it is the same, about 2-3 good songs, another 2-3 pretty good songs and the rest  are just bleh.  Out of them all I have to say that i like Say I the best  just because the excellant lyrics and guitar work.  <br />I really don't feel  all that strong;y about this album.  It's good but not the best I've seen.   And i personnally prefer it to MoP.  <br />A lot of people are saying how they  ripped off other bands but i really don't see any resemblence to any other  bands.  I really dsilike STP and Van Halen.  But I truly like this band,  they have meaningful lyrics and a great sound!
0671665707|1.0|I am appalled at the glowing reviews that I've read for this book. It is, quite simply, terrible. The pace of this book is hyper-kinetic. It's not possible to feel anything for any characters because you never get to know  them. First person is fine if the person remains the same. In this book, it  is almost impossible to tell who is speaking because it changes virtually   every page. The reviews found on this web site seem to have as much  validity as the blurbs written on any bestseller.  If you want to read a  mob book, read The Godfather. If you have already read it, read it again.
0312853238|5.0|I have never enjoyed any book as much as this one. I have to admit, I am a huge sci-fi fan, but this book went above and beyond anything else.  Orson Scott Card is a wonderfully talented writer, and it really shows thoughout  the book. The only reason I am on Amazon.com now is because the spine on my  old paperback wore out.
B00002Z88D|1.0|I suppose if you &quot;love everything Metallica does&quot; you'd buy it if they had a bunch of zoo animals on stage braying while they ruin their classics.  A symphony is simply too complicated and delicate for metal,  period.  The album starts off in an interesting way, but as soon as the  distortion kicks in all you hear of the symphony is an occasional wail of  violins in the quieter patches.  I've wanted a good Metallica live set for  years, but this is a joke.  I agree with the other reviewer, at this rate  we'll have Kenny G replacing the lead guitar on Master of Puppets.  By all  means, spend your money replacing those worn out tapes and scratched up  cd's of the classic Metallica stuff.
B000002TQV|5.0|The Bends is Radiohead's finest effort to date.  The band's progressive rock melodies and hardrocking undertones combined with Thom Yorke's voice makes this album a true 90's best of.  Lush melodies and vocals on songs  such as &quot;plastic trees&quot; mixed with true rockers like  &quot;just&quot; makes this album a rollercoaster ride of how to write  great songs.  Their rumored 2000 effort can come soon enough.
0684872153|1.0|I would not recommend this book to anyone with an IQ over 50.  The father gets drunk.  He does or doesn't look for a job.  A child is born.  A child dies.  The father gets drunk.  There you have it.
0590373587|4.0|I like this book but the ending could have been better. Maybe there can be a sequel like the Return of Jonas in a different book.We rated it out of 4 stars because at the ending lost a star. The whole class read it together  and lots of questions asked.The book was very descriptive and very  intersting.
B000002TWN|5.0|If I could give this review more stars I would!  I still listen to his tape today just as if he has just come out.  He is truly a talented artist, having his jazzy, soulful, mature sound.  His voice is so smooth and sexy..  just like his lyrics.  He is so much ahead of his years in wisdom in his  sound. I feel like falling in love when I listen to him... and making love  too!  He's a wonderful artist and his music is a must have in a good  collection of music.  I am very much looking forward to his Voodoo cd.. and  by the way.. HAVE YOU SEEN HIM IN THAT &quot;HOW DOES IT FEEL&quot;  VIDEO!  HE IS TOOOO SEXY!  Gotta love that man!
B00000J7RZ|3.0|Jennifer Lopez album On the 6 is pretty good.  But Lopez should cater more to dance songs than ballads, because her voice does not hold up well.<br />Unfortunately Lopez needs the gifts of Music Technician Wizards to  wash her voice out.<br />There are some great dance cuts however like #1 smash  IF YOU HAD MY LOVE, the hot latin cut of LETS GET LOUD, perfect for  aerobics, and my favorite WAITING FOR TONIGHT. The other favorite of mine  is the next single FEELIN' SO GOOD.<br />However the album gets washed down  with a poor duet with Marc Anthony, and the other slow drown outs, where  Lopez' voice actually gets embarrassing.<br />Jennifer word to the wise, put  out a full dance, latin album, and you will have a SMASH on your hands.
0767803434|5.0|This movie is not only action-packed but also contains some message. That the President is really an important person that people die for him. The air combat scene was perfect and the sound is very clear, almost real. But  Harisson Ford looks young to be the president and I don't think terrorist  can hi-jack air force one.
079073639X|3.0|this is a movie i enjoyed but it could have been alot better. the cast overall is excellent and very enjoyable to watch. samual jackson is very cool. the special effects when they happen are very interesting but there  are not that many of them. there are some interesting ideas hidden  throughout which can make us think about what is happening. the cons are  that there were not enough special effects to do the movie justice. the  movie does at time bog down with past relationships and interactions that  don't really effect the plot. the ending is a little confusing as well.      the pro's good solid acting some interesting ideas are a interesting  overall feel to the film. the dvd comes with 2 commentaries and are an  interesting listen as well as a short featurette on the making of the film.  give it a watch but don't expect to much.
6304711891|5.0|This movie is filled with action from start to end. The soundtrack is what I liked most. The background music is thrilling during the action scenes. Tadada-dan-dandan, tadada-dan-dandan. I can still feel the heat. Sean  Connery was perfect in his role as ex-British Secret Service Agent, he was  agent 007 during his time, di ba?
B000002IZM|5.0|I have read many complaints regarding the inclusion of dialogue and the exclusion of various tracks heard in the film. The dialogue on this disc, in my opinion, is not intrusive and I am not familiar enough with the  entire soundtrack as heard in the film to lament the exclusion of certain  material. I find listening to this CD to be a rich and rerwarding  experience and I imagine that if the complete film soundtrack was  represented it would be even more so. As it is, this CD has quickly become  a favorite in my collection. I far prefer Vangelis' work here to the film  itself, although I suppose we cannot really separate the two. The  atmosphere created on this disc is one of ambient/science  fiction/slow  jazz/noir. The hauntingly beautiful &quot;Rachel's Song&quot; (vocals by  Mary Hopkin) is worth the price of the CD alone.
0684872153|5.0|I thought Angela's Ashes was so moving, I cried through most of the book. I also laughted at Frank McCourt's sense of humor, even with the sad childhood he grew up in. Frank McCourt grew up with so much responsiblity  as a small boy, he was a strong and compassionate child. It was  unbelievable what he and his younger brothers had to deal with, and they  survived it somehow. I was born and raised in the 1950's here in the US,  the third oldest child, of a poor Irish Catholic family. We did not have a  lot, but we never went to bed hungry. Reading his book helped me understand  what dirt poor really meant. I thank God, my mother, and father for what we  really did have. Reading Angela's Ashes has change my whole out look on  life, I thank Frank McCourt for this special gift he has shared with all of  us.
B00000K19E|5.0|If you want a movie to show off your DVD player, look no further. This DVD goes well above others with incredible sound, intence visuals and loads of supplemental features. Not only that but the movie itself is excellent. IF  you havn't seen the movie yet, you owe it to you yourself to do that. You  won't be disapointed.
B000002UJQ|5.0|&quot;OK Computer&quot; is most definitley my favorite CD.  I have had it for over two years and I still find the time to pop it in at least once a day (I listen to music constantly).  I can't express how important this  album is to me, it is my friend when I am down, it is my wealth in this  world of poverty.  Each track has its own sense of revolution and  originality, they are each a true masterpiece in themselves.   &quot;Lucky&quot;, &quot;Karma Police&quot;, &quot;Let Down&quot;, and  &quot;Exit Music (For a Film)&quot; stand out to me as great songs of  therecord.  However, the rest of the CD is no less than amazing.  The  cooperation and talent of each member shines through every crack in yoour  speakers, each musician does their part to create the whole.  The guitars  and vocals are no less than perfect.  I must admit that for people not  familiar with Radiohead, it takes a while before you admire the true  slendor of the band and this CD.  After listening to the album multiple  times you begin to understand it all and realize how wonderful it is.  You  can't expect to hear it for the first time ever and love it death, it is a  process of respect and self- evaluation.  It is an album that brings out  true feelings of yourself and the world around you.  A masterpiece.  Top  40, eat your heart out.
6302994063|5.0|This movie is simply not typical among the common 'Ugly Duckling' scripts where things take on a less realistic level. It is so refreshing I can never get sick of it. Top rating, a real tasty film, trimmed with colorful  characters and a dashing ballroom performance.
0312954468|5.0|After reading Birds of Prey, I had to continue to another book by this great storyteller.  River God didn't let me down.  Interesting characters and non-stop action.  Can't wait to get to the sequel!
B000005IZ8|5.0|Out of all the music in my collection -- from classical to alternative to international to pop -- this is still and always my favorite.<br />The music is uplifting and disturbing at the same time.  I saw the movie a few years  ago, and would love to purchase it.  If you were lucky enough to have seen  it, you'll recall the wonderful, and disturbing images, that mirror the  film's soundtrack.<br />Even though some people today associate this music  with &quot;The Truman Story,&quot; it transcends and precedes that.  <br />The  music stands alone.  Just popping it into the CD player in rush hour  traffic makes me feel like I'm doing something monumental.  This CD has  power and soul, and I say that about no other music I've yet heard.<br />I  just can't wait until they bring the video back into print!
630562285X|3.0|It is never quite clear who is entrapping and/or conning and/or double-crossing whom. The general impression of the plot is fuzzy - it should have been cleared up. Miss Zeta Jones is very beautiful and  attractive young lady who it is pleasure to watch. In Zorro she was a  convincing fencer, in Entrapment she is not convincing as a contortionist  or an acrobat. Sean Connery is old, OLD! I do not write this from youthful  hubris, I'm over seventy myself.
B0000029LG|3.0|I have to say that is was not one of his best works.. If you are a true fan  you will feel slighted  on the greatest hit  disc that some of his better tunes off  the Thriller, Off the Wall, Bad albums were  left off ..  The 2nd disc of newer  material  is slight  only a few songs stand out ..<br />The R.Kelly  Produced  Your are not a lone<br />This time around<br />The  Beatles's true to form remake of Come Together after this there isnt much  more ..
0380977281|5.0|I love all of Gaiman's books and this was one of the best.  But if you don't have an open mind or  don't like fantasy it isn't for you.  Gaiman has written a story that was simply amazing.  I thought that a falling star  turning into a stubborn girl was quite interesting.  This is a must read.
B00001U0E1|5.0|Besides being a great movie, I found the bonus material to be incredibly intriguing.  The DVD has a great segment with the producer, writers, and director discussing the film.  Plus there is commentary from both the  director as well as the cast can crew.  I find this to be so interesting -  learning why certain shots were filmed the way they were, background on a  character, or how certain sites were chosen.  It's a chance to get inside  the director's head and see the movie from his perspective.
630463949X|5.0|Music videos just don't get any better than this, as long as Fleetwood Mac is your cup of tea. Superb sound, superb camerawork. It's quite fun watching the interaction of the band members, particularly if you know  their behind-the-scenes history. The audio was definitely 'sweetened'  somewhat in post-production (listen ONLY to the rear speakers of the DVD  surround sound to see what I mean), but in a way that only adds to the  concert experience. I watch this video quite often, if only to try and  figure out some of Buckingham's guitar work! Bottom line: A must have. This  video ROCKS.
0679434194|5.0|This is a breath-taking true life account of the horrors involved with mental institutions. The author transferred the emotions felt by the character into the reader with poise and fluency.  There is never a dull  moment in the story line. The character is continuously faced with traumas  that seem so unreal to most of us. It is a true reality check of the  capability of our minds. Definitely recommended, for your enjoyment.
0694003611|5.0|When I first received this book I was a little surprised. It seemed a bit simplistic and unfantasticaly illustrated. After reading it to my son a few times I knew it was a winner. We have read this book hundreds of times and  it is still as refreshing as those first few. Definatley a winner.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is one of the best science fiction books I have ever read.  I discover something new in it every time I read it.  The characters are fascinating.  Ender, the six year-old military genius is one of my all-time  favorite characters.  The plot is very exciting and fast-paced.  It is a  beatiful story.
0375707972|4.0|An interesting read- I only wish that the author had delved deeper into the book's characters.  We see them all through the eyes of Michael Berg, yet the author stops just shy of letting us fully understand them.  This is  particularly the case with Hanna.  As much as I could comprehend the  author's wish to keep her a mysterious object of Berg's affection, I felt  that if I knew more about her- her drives and desires- I could relate more  to their mutual attraction.  Apart from the love story, this book is about  guilt and forgiveness.  We get a glimpse of what Berg feels, yet we're left  hanging with regards to Hanna.  How does she feel about the crime(s) that  she has committed?  This novel is a baby step shy of being great.   Entertaining nonetheless.
0812550757|4.0|This book is a good sequel to Ender's game.  Ender Wiggin is grown up now.  The book takes place more than 1000 years after the Bugger Wars and Ender's name is now anathema; people see him as a villain for destroying  the only intelligent species mankind has ever encountered.  Ender seems to  be a background character in this book.  It is hard to understand his  personality.  However, there are new characters to make up for the loss of  Ender.  Six hurt, confused children, whose abusive father has just died  make this book very interesting.  Card also introduces a new alien species  that is peaceful but that has brutally murdered without apparent cause  three times.  I recommend reading Speaker for the Dead.  Just don't expect  it to be much like Ender's Game.  It has a very different style.
B00003003R|5.0|If you are a real fan of the band, you haven't got another option: buy these CD's. Don't Cry, mr. Brownstown, etc. all the songs are excellent! It's like a dream made real. Enjoy it!
B000009DUY|5.0|Though the opinions have come in on both sides of the line, I find this score to be undoubtedly the best work I have heard from Williams. Perhaps I might be less moved had I not seen the film, but I find it hard to believe  that someone could listen to this music and not be moved.  To me, and I  know admittedly little of what it is like to fight in such a devastating  war as WWII, it sounds like Williams has written a near perfect musical  tribute to all those who, not only fell in the battlefield, but those also  who lived through it to remember them.<br />Track #2 - &quot;Revisiting  Normandy&quot;, evokes the opening scene in SPR, amongst uncountable white  gravestones, that never fails to bring tears.<br />HIGHLY recommended
0446310786|5.0|When I sat down to read &quot;To Kill a Mockingbird&quot; I thought I was in for another long, boring, reading assignment. On the contrary, I found myself so impressed by the novel I was soon reading it in my spare time.  The childhood tale of 'how Jem broke his arm' intrigued me to the very end.  My interest in the eerie neighbor, Boo Radly, soon gave way to the shocking  Ewell trials. At the end, each detail came together in a clever ending.  Strategic foreshadowing and vivid description, although not overdone,  contributed to the novel's appeal.
B00000ILDE|3.0|It's rather unfortunate that one of the ways that movie studios try and sell us DVD's of films we've already seen is by adding back scenes that were cut from the original. Sometimes this works, but other times its just  painfully obvious why these scenes were cut in the first place. This is the  case with much of the restored footage on this DVD. Aliens is certainly one  of the best science fiction thrillers in recent memory, fully deserving a  five star review, unfortunately many of the scenes that were added to this  DVD simply undermine the integrity of the story. Footage of the  terraforming colony and the discovery of the alien spacecraft feels chintzy  and amateurish, and the scene in which Ripley learns the fate of her  daughter (after her 50 year hypersleep) struck me as melodramatic and  unecessary. Some bits of added dialogue also undercut the subtlety of the  sexuality and gender issues raised in the film by stating them far too  bluntly. The only addition which potentially enhances the movie experience  is new footage of the &quot;Automated Sentry Units&quot; fending off an  alien barrage. It's too bad you can't pick and choose which scenes to keep  and which ones to cut. Still, if you absolutely must have Aliens in your  DVD collection, I wouldn't necessarily let these facts hold me back.
B00001OH7U|5.0|...I'm thinking that it must be love&quot;--That's one hell of a lyric right there and this is one hell of a cd. The vocals are very impressive and so is the piano and guitars. &quot;Station to Station&quot; is one of  the best songs that David Bowie has ever written of all time. Words can't  really describe this one, but YOU will like it.   &quot;Golden Years&quot;  is rumored to be written for Elvis Presley...but anyways it's the first  single Bowie released since his #1 hit &quot;Fame&quot;. A fine song indeed  with incredible lyrics and a pretty amazing guitar part. &quot;Word on a  Wing&quot; is personally one of my favorite Bowie songs. The vocals are  indeed fabulous and so are the lyrics. This has somewhat of a religious  sound to it, but that's what makes it so good. The piano has never sounded  better... &quot;TVC15&quot; was the second single off of the cd and it is  the catchiest thing on here. ANOTHER great piano part and the melody will  drive you crazy. Pretty bizarre lyrics if I do say so myself... You have to  be some sort of genius if you write guitar music like that in  &quot;Stay&quot;. Very well sung, too. &quot;Wild is the Wind&quot; is a  beautiful ballad. David sings it very well and the lyrics are very good,  but this one is a cover. All in all, Station to Station is definately a  must-have. This cd contains the best piano music ever written by Dave. Very  nice lyrics and everything else. Too bad it's only 6 songs long.
0875845851|4.0|Christensen clearly presents the reality of how disruptive technologies affect organizations. He reviews the business perspectives of large firms vs. those of small firms, and their issues with disruptive and sustaining  technologies, i.e., resources, profit margins, customers, etc. Christensen  explains that what to us, from the point of 20/20 hindsight, may now seem  like blatantly obvious organizational faux pas, at the time seemed like the  correct path for the organization to follow. He also reviews companies that  have been able to not only survive, but succeed with the emergence of  disruptive technologies. <br />Disruptive Technologies vs. Sustaining  Technologies<br />One of the main reasons why great firms fail is that they  attempt to market and manage disruptive technologies utilizing the same  methodologies that are found to be successful for the management and  marketing of sustaining technologies. These firms are essentially held  captive by their customers, since this methodology is based on pleasing the  established customer base. Disruptive technologies often are intended for  different customer bases that may not have yet been discovered. Due to  this, disruptive technologies are often not seen as successful or  profitable by large firms that need to keep large profit margins. They are  instead seen as successful by smaller entrant organizations with smaller  profit margins. <br />&quot;Resource Dependence - Customers effectively  control the patterns of resource allocation in well-run  companies&quot;<br />Management, especially middle management, is very aware  of the customer base their company holds. Their customers are the ones who  keep pouring money back into their organization through the purchase of  products. These customers have set their expectation on the sustaining  technology the organization currently offers, as it helps them run their  business. They usually have little interest in a disruptive technology that  more than likely will not currently meet their needs. This, in turn, causes  any new projects involving disruptive technologies that are kept within the  same organization and held to the same profit expectations, which initially  they will no be able to meet, to not be held at the top of the  organizational priority list. The disruptive technology will be  &quot;shelved&quot; until it comes into the mainstream, and by that time it  may be too late.<br />&quot;Small markets don't solve the growth needs of  large companies&quot;<br />When a disruptive technology begins to make its  presence known, the disruptive technology needs to be viewed with serious  consideration. From this, proper planning for its many possibilities should  take place. These plans need to remain flexible, and development of the  disruptive technology should take place within a department, organization,  or subsidiary that has little financial bearing on the company as a whole.  This is the necessary environment for the successful development of a  disruptive technology. The larger organization can not expect this  disruptive technology to command the profit margins of the organization's  sustaining technologies until it has discovered its customer base.  <br />&quot;The ultimate uses or applications for disruptive technologies are  unknowable in advance. Failure is an intrinsic step toward  success.&quot;<br />A great example from the book is the introduction of Honda  motorcycles in the U.S. in 1959. Initially Honda wanted to conquer the  American market with their 50cc Supercub bike, but their bikes weren't  built for running at high speeds for extended periods like Harley-Davidson  and BMW. Honda discovered, after failing to market the bikes as road bikes,  from actually watching how people used the bikes, that their bikes were  best suited for off road dirt biking, a sport that had not yet come to  fruition. Harley-Davidson attempted to take part of the new market, but  tried to do so by marketing this disruptive technology as a sustaining  technology. Their plan failed to prove profitable.<br />&quot;Technology  supply may not equal market demand. The attributes that make disruptive  technologies unattractive in established markets often are the very ones  that constitute their greatest value in emerging markets.&quot;<br />Honda was  able to do this by creating a new market segment, off road bikers! These  same bikes were not attractive to those customers interested in long haul  road bikes such as Harley-Davidson and BMW, but Honda's bikes now hold a  majority of the market.
B00002MZ12|5.0|My Title sums it all up! Even though I read some of the negative reviews for her album over and over, I can still not understand why those folks don't care for the record? But, PLEASE understand that YOU (yes, you  reading this now..) SHOULD GIVE THIS UNPLUGGED SET A CHANCE!  This record  really concentrates on the vocal capability of Ms.Morissette, and the  beautiful sound of the instruments. Favorites from the record are  &quot;King of Pain&quot;, &quot;These Are The Thoughts&quot;, and  &quot;Uninvited&quot;. I really think you should give this record a chance.
B00003000M|5.0|I LOVE THIS CD!  I listen to it over and over again. This CD is comprised of all of my favorite artists like Badu, Rakim, Lauryn Hill, MC Lyte, The Prophet of Rage himself- Chuck D., The Marley Boyz,GURU, Layzie  Bones, Busta Rhymes and many others.  This is a must have to any music  lover's collection no matter what genre of music you favor. This CD is  definitely multi-platinum material!  I hope to see it set the music charts  on fire!  It's HOT!
6304618344|5.0|This blasts Die Hard right out of a building and sends it flying down 33 stories. It jump kicks The Matrix and breaks its back on a granite wall. It grabs Cliffhanger by the throat and throws it onto a pile of jagged rocks.  Yes, this movie indeed kicks major buttocks. It's a story about an F.B.I.  agent and a terrorist who change identities and get a first hand glimpse at  how the other lives his own lifestyle. This used to be my favorite flick  for about two years until I just watched it so much that I just played it  out completely. But it still remains my favorite action film of all time.  Nicolas Cage steals each scene and John Travolta is fun to watch playing  the bad guy again. This movie is very quotable (&quot;I could eat a peach  for hours&quot;) and offers some of the most stylish and intense action  scenes offered on the silver screen. One of the big summer hits of 1997,  there won't be another shoot-em-up as great as this one to come along in a  while.
080017948X|5.0|This movie is hysterical!  It's the type of comedy you can watch numerous times, and STILL find hysterical!  Bill Murray excells in his role of the bored, sarcastic weatherman sent to cover the yearly Groundhog festival in  Punxsutawney, Pa.  In the movie, Murray is forced, by some unexplained  glitch in the cosmos, to relive the VERY WORST day of his life, over and  over and over again!  The laughs in this romantic, comedy/ fantasy never  seem to stop, and the ending is a happy one, leaving you wanting to replay  this movie OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN!  I DEFINITELY recommend it!   No  Movie collection would be complete without it!
0767812166|4.0|John Carpenter's Starman, despite the potential to be an inordinately stupid movie, is actually one of the best, most believable science fiction love stories in memory-the fact of it combining two genres which rarely mix  is, in itself, a testimony to its greatness. Using the real-life launching  of the lost-in-space Voyager probe, it asks the question of just how would  the powers that be respond to an actual reply. A widow is forced to take an  alien who has crashed landed near her home-after assuming the identity and  shape of her dead husband-across the country for a rendevous in Arizona  with others from his planet. His purpose is basically that of an  anthropologist: study and learn whatever possible about humans...his  conclusions, although on the whole untrue, are poignant and touching.  &quot;You are all at your very best when things are worse...&quot; Horror  director Carpenter did a surprisingly nice job handling this-good thing,  however, that he did not compose the score, lest the alien presence be  chilling, no matter how harmless he seems at times. For anyone whoever felt  like less of a person having been unable to shed a single tear from E.T..
0380713802|3.0|This book is an average book: enjoyable at times, slow and boring at others.  While Bryson maintains his sarcastic style used in Walk in the Woods, Notes from a Small Island and the Lost Continent (all better choices  as intros to Bill's brain), he fails to bring out what always saved his  sarcastic rants:  his fondness for the people or country. <br />In the 3 books  I listed, Bryson deliciously skewers the US and UK and their people, but  there's always a loving undercurrent underneath (kind of like teasing the  sibling which you love to death).  In case you miss the point, he would end  the book by saying how much he loved the respective countries.  <br />In this  book, no such love is found.  He just rants and raves about different  European peoples and cities. Further lowering the enjoyability of this book  are the few remarks that could be considered racist or xenophobic.  As to  these remarks, they don't get a lot of airplay and only sensitive people  (or members of the groups) will object to them, but they're there  nonetheless.<br />All in all, I'd recommend this book only for those who have  read the other Bryson travel books and need to read everything he has  written.  Otherwise, read the 3 books listed above and his essay  compilation &quot;I'm a Stranger Here Myself.&quot;
B00000JSJC|4.0|...but intense, compelling, with genuinely interesting characters (Juliette Lewis the poorly written exception)and proves to be an excellent showcase for up-and-coming director Bigelow, a former artist whose fluid,  rather beautiful style centered around the notion of &quot;seductive  violence&quot; comes across very nicely. Since the world is mostly peopled  with idiots, this film did not do well and to say it might have done better  had it been released nearer to the millennium is likely untrue; there are  more morons out there now then there were in '93. But hopefully with this  DVD, which includes two deleted scenes-one of which really should have  stayed in the film-and a nice partial commentary by Katheryne Bigelow,  people will come to discover this film and support her work in the future.
0060977264|5.0|If you are looking for one of the most romantic books literature has to offer, then you found it. The Piedra River is about following your dreams, and shows the nature of love in a way everybody understands and can relate  to. You will feel touched by the characters of the novel, and you will  never be the same after reading it. Definitely the best romantic book of  the year.
0780622650|4.0|I can't deny that this is fun to watch on DVD.  Crystal clear and good use of surround.  But the story and character development is a sagging point.  If you're not fussy about story but love FX, this one's for you.  I go back  to it often because it has a lot of good extra features which keeps the  content fresh.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Santana has returned with an awesome CD that combines the old and the new and it rocks.
6305307261|5.0|Amazing!  The imagery is outstanding.  A sureal dream which is less a vampire film and more a beautiful poem about death.  <br />The light, the shadows, the music...all hypnotic.  You will remember this one long after  the credits roll.
B00001XT76|2.0|If you've ever seen any truly inspired or exuberant dancing you'll find this film very run of the mill.  The script is very predictable with characters that aren't particulary sympathic or endearing.<br />To see some  good dancing check out 'Dance with Me' with Chayanne and Vanessa Williams.
0425129608|5.0|I loved this book. I had absoluty no idea who was the murderer. This book had many twists and turns. I had a new main suspect for each chapter. I think that Christie oudid heself in this book. I could not put this book  down; it kept me on the edge of my seat through-out the whole story.  I  highly recommend this book.
0062502182|5.0|Whilst I did not enjoy this book like I enjoyed Catch 22, or such solid hearty novel, I felt that to offer it less than five stars would be a mistake, and the undervaluing of an important and influential book. I may  have loved Catch 22, but I won't necessarily remember it forever, where as  The Alchemist raised many issues I believe I will ponder for the remainder  of my life. It is a fairly swift read, read by me at odd moments during a  single day and finished at the close of the night, and could be described  more as pyshcology before novel, however the philosophies of the book are  presented brilliantly. Behind the magical mysterious story of a travel  loving shepard seeking his true destiny and meeting many people who will  shape the rest of his life along the way. I could never 'love' this novel,  but it is most certainly an important one, that I will not forget, and  although I do not agree with all issues raised, it certainly prompted a  fury of thought regarding my life path, and whether I will be doing what I  want to in six years, and in sixty. This is single objective of Cohelo's  simple book. Hence, for me this book was an utter success. I felt that the  length of the book was sufficent; any longer it may have seemed like  preaching. All in all, Inspiring philosophies hidden behind a simple story.
B00000J7J4|2.0|I thought this was half good (and the converse). I was ready for more. Santana is awesome. Thought the Clapton track a bore, the Wyclef track marginal and found myself skipping to the more traditional latin sounding  tracks. This should win the grammy (have you seen what it is up against?)  which shows how meaningless that is.
0060931671|5.0|This is a good book.  While short, it is dense reading, but not in a bad way.  You read it close &amp; the words envelope you like a sweet smelling smoke.  It pricks &amp; nags @ you beneath your scalp &amp; inside your  heart. Some of the prose leaves me behind, but Pynchon has delivered so  often w/in this group that you can't help but think that perhaps you  missed.  Subsequent reading do deepen the appreciation.  The Courier's  Tragedy portion reads like a lot of those opera summaries on public radio,  the scholarly articles seem scholarly...in short, he is definitely  depicting our world &amp; our ways of depicting it, but he is also throwing  the whole thing off kilter which I suppose makes sense in a work that is  supposed to unsettle you &amp; force you from a passive  understanding/reading of it.
B00000JZJ0|3.0|Jumping from the first film in classic soap opera fashion by wordlessly reviving a dead character this sequel takes a much lighter and special effects heavy approach to the Re-Animator mythology.  Gone is most of the  brooding and tension of the first, bringing it's creepy black humor to the  foreground instead.<br />As noted elsewhere the commentaries, especially the  actor's comentaries are priceless, as they were on the Re-Animator LD, and  the supplemental material is thourough if a bit anemic in structure and  relevance, which is heartily disapointing given Sharpline Arts stunning  history to date (Abyss, Alien Legacy, The Thing, Last  Starfighter).<br />Printwise there are 2 films to review here.  The theatrical  cut is a great transfer and really does show off the special effects that  make up the majority of the film to good effect.  The Uncut version is much  darker and mudier visually and sonically, but there is a bit more footage,  particurlarly in the conclusion, where some of the extra shots really do  flesh out the pacing and lend a lot of drama to one particurlar sequence,  but nothing is changed with the plot or the narrative.<br />What I wish they'd  done is to insert the extra footage into the cleaner theatrical cut.  I  know the quality of the prints would have been different and that doing  that sort of edit takes a bit of work, but I honestly think it would have  been a much more satisfying product in the end.
0451160916|5.0|I first saw the movie &quot;The Shining&quot; When I was- 8 years old.  It was incredible!  The movie kept me in suspence the whole time!  I have seen it 10 times, and will probally rent it again this weekend.  I haven't read  the book, but will soon.  If you like scary movies and/or S.K. rent this  movie!
6305657947|4.0|Brosnan &amp; Russo are very hot together in this remake of the original Steve McQueen &quot;...Affair.&quot; The plot is essentially unchanged, with new specifics. I found some of the music distracting at times, but  overall this is a good remake - well acted, beautiful imagery, &amp;  interesting plot. I do think the original is a bit better for overall  suspense &amp; style, but this is certainly worth your while.
6304132271|5.0|This movie is incredible!  Since it must be viewed with an open mind, this movie is not for everyone.  It's dark, gory, and downright disturbing; however, none of that takes away from the fact that it is magnificent.   Brad Pitt plays a detective new on the force, and Morgan Freeman plays his  partner and mentor.  These two men are clearly from opposite ends of the  spectrum, which makes the plot even more interesting.  Together, the  detectives slowly enter the mind of a killer who patterns his crimes after  the Seven Deadly Sins.  Kevin Spacey plays the insanely psychotic killer  who has a surprise twist for the detectives.  The climax of Seven is unlike  any movie or book out there.  It will leave you begging for more.  This  movie is for anyone that can handle a little bit of gore and a lot of  suspense!
6301008723|5.0|Theres not a lot of words to describe this horror classic except...Scary! Although it never actually scared me I hear so many reviews saying how bad it was.<br />They have re-released THE EXORCIST now here in Britain(About time  too) and it is one film that definately belongs on my video shelf.
B00000K2SC|4.0|What's the deal with Keanu Reeves? I don't get it! I particually thought that the role of Neo should go to someone more inclined to act. But Keanu's less than stellar preformance is saved by the amazing concept and theme  (not to mention special effects) in and of this movie. It's great for  people who take movies in a literal sense and it's even better for people  who will try to analyize it in a metaphoric sense! If you think about it,  the movie DOES have some holes that can be punched, but it's one movie you  have to see over and over again to understand....with something new in it  every time!  You will be thinking about this movie, the meaning, the  concepts, and everything else included for days!  It's action packed and  meaningful all rolled up into one! Buy it!
079284131X|4.0|A humouress horror film with good characters. Chucky has become infamous and is still popular today.<br />Overall a fun filled movie with shocks and shlocks.
B00000DGRX|5.0|I LOVE IT!  I LOVE IT!  I LOVE IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT! <br />I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT! <br />I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT! <br />I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT! <br />I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!  I LOVE  IT!
6305095566|5.0|Now this is classic, a very dark nasty horror film that actually was scary upon first viewing.<br />Bruce Campell is an excellent actor who should be a major star by now.<br />2 brilliant sequels followed and a 4th is rumoured.  But this original is a film that cannot be ignored. see this film, you  won't be dissapointed.
B000003S0P|5.0|Not my favorite, but in all likelyhood, the very best.  At the very least, it is definitely the tightest and most technically proficient of the albums turned out by the 69-74 incarnation of the great KC--even the most die-hard  fans of LTIA and SABB must admit to that.  It's perfect, much like the  later song 'Discipline' is perfect in that it always makes sense where it  ends up, but the means to those ends are not in the least ways boring or  predictable. <br />Along with ITCOTCK, Red is also the most accessible of the  early KC albums.  Apart from the incredible performances of the players  (especially Mr. Bruford's precussion), songs like Fallen Angel and One More  Red Nightmare sound more like straightforward rock songs than anything on  the two previous albums (though Easy Money fits that bill too).  Of course,  they sound like dark and ominous rock songs; this album is much darker than  its predecessors, but has such a rich and full sound as well that is  likewise absent on previous efforts.<br />Then there's the title track,  Fripp's third guitar masterpiece in as many albums, and though it does not  match 'Fracture' in bouts of sheer intensity, it tops it in terms of  structure and consistency.<br />The two gems here, however, are on the second  side of the album.  Providence is the most perfectly structured improv KC  has ever done, and so does not sound too much like it somehow escaped from  SABB to be on a more reputable album.  And then we come to Starless,  thought by many to be the greatest progressive rock song of all time.   Well, that's a tall order, even for this terrific song...the first 4 1/2  minutes are what Mr. Fripp usually puts on KC compilations and consist of  some great lyrics sung over the saddest chords imaginable and some wailing  Fripp guitar--pretty moving stuff so far.  Then (and this description does  not nearly succeed in covering the vast range of emotions here), Mr. Fripp  begins a guitar solo which spends many minutes buildingand building until  finally the band just explode into a fantastic jam...the best part, as  other reviews have stated, is the end where Fripp's guitar plays over the  resurrected main theme.  The guitar solo in the middle might last a bit too  long, but this only serves to make the ending all the more  enjoyable.<br />Perfect.  It's really a must have, and a great first Crimson  album to buy.  For those who own it and consider Providence to be one of  the best tracks (as I do), buy Starless and Bible Black as well...assuming  you already have Lark's Tongues in Aspic.
0783223161|4.0|The grandfather of slasher horror films.<br /> Anthony Perkins delivers a chilling performance as Norman Bates. This film is based on Robert Bloch's 1959 novel.<br />This is really a true classic and should belong to all  serious horror fan and film buff's video collection.<br />The remake could  never out do this original classic.
B0000214F0|4.0|A powerful film. However, I was disappointed that the film was cut when the Unrated copy claimed to be unedited. At least 1 scene shown in the included Making Of documentary wasn't in the actual film!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Well,who thought that you could mix heavy metal with an orchestra? Metallica obviously did, and they've pulled it off with spectacular style. Michael Kamen was the person who sorted out the strings on Nothing Else  Matters, and he does it again.Being a recording of one of their live gigs,  it can make you feel as if you're actually there. Although I don't see much  point in The Ecstasy Of Gold track, the 2 new songs are just brill,  especially No Leaf Clover. Top notch album. Buy now!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|What can be said about an album whose lyrics I've memorized after owning it for just one month? <br />On When the Pawn.... that darling of brooding and angst, Fiona Apple, gets even darker than she was on her 1996 debut Tidal.  While Fiona seemed to wallow in sadness and despair on Tidal, she adopts a  wry perspective on love gone wrong on When the Pawn. <br />&quot;It won't be  long till you'll be lying limp in your own hands&quot;, she disgustedly  tells her ex, on &quot;Limp&quot;. She grows even angrier on &quot;Get  Gone&quot;, when she realizes that her lover doesn't care about her  (&quot;How many times do I have to say, to get away...get gone&quot;). And  on &quot;Fast As You Can&quot; she warns her prospective lover to be wary  of her fickle ways.<br />One also gets the feeling that Fiona is tired of  having to live up to other people's expectations on &quot;A mistake&quot;,  where she slyly croons, &quot;I've acquired quite a taste/for a well-made  mistake&quot;. She's also not immune to obsessive love which she deals with  on the wry track &quot;Paper Bag&quot;. <br />As well as being a more  lyrically mature album &quot;When the Pawn&quot; also signals Apple's  maturation as a writer of music. The melodies are spare, but intense, and  producer Jon Brion has added more spice and funk to the music than was  present on Tidal.<br />When the Pawn puts to rest any notion of Fiona Apple  being a flash in the pan. It looks like this Angst Girl will be around for  some time to come.
6304083769|4.0|GHOST IN THE SHELL is a tour de force as well as an impressive artistic achievement.Like AKIRA, another extraordinary manga title, it is set in a near so-distant future.I really admired it for its evocative soundtrack,  its visuals, and its daring originality.Ranking with AKIRA, they both move  closer to hard-edge sci-fi cult classics.
B000002C1W|1.0|This is just David Gilmour another solo album, hidden under Pink Floyd name, so it would sell. No lyrics come close to Rogers (which is a great lyricist) and even the melodies aren't Floydian. This is not the sound of  Pink Floyd. I mean if both the music and the lyrics are awful then it isn't  Pink Floyd! Sorry David, but you should start doing somthing else than  lyricwriting (and don't let your wife help you, because she isn't even good  in it). David is a good guitarist and it's a shame that he can't write  better music on his own. Don't buy this CD but if you want something after  Roger, Devision Bell is better, because some of the songs are listenable.
6304083769|4.0|GHOST IN THE SHELL is a tour de force as well as an impressive artistic achievement.Like AKIRA, another extraordinary manga title, it is set in a near so-distant future.I really admired it for its evocative soundtrack,  its visuals, and its daring originality.Ranking with AKIRA, they both move  closer to hard-edge sci-fi cult classics.
6301442962|5.0|Gwenn won an Oscar as THE man who spreads the true meaning of Christmas and embodies the spirit of Yuletide. Fox mogul Daryl F. Zanuck predicted a lukewarm public response when he viewed the film: he distributed it in the  summer of 1947; it was still playing 6 months later when millions of  children were posting letters to Santa! One of the great fantasy classics  of all time, it contains particularly appealing performances from little  Natalie Wood and, of course, the magical Edmund Gwenn.
B00000JNO1|5.0|LYNYRD SKYNYRD never made a bad album and to this SCOOTER RIDIN OLD TIME ROCKER you can't get any better than this. Anyways I was like 8 or 9 when I heard this band play for the first time. it was out at Benbrook Lake,my  olderbrother took me fishin and siad the fish would bite better if they  could here the music so he cranked it up loud and we must have cought 100  fish that day [perch] and I've been hooked on classic rock ever since.
B0000060NF|5.0|No one makes records like this anymore,records that push the envelope and deal with social issues that no one wants to talk about.When I heard this Album,I was proud to hear a black man sing such non-traditional lyrics and  hear a black man sing so non-tradional lyrically-- proud to see a black man  have such an intelligent, intellectual yet spiritual vision.On top of that  he is vocally phenomenal on this record.One of the greatest recordings ever  made!
0790729350|4.0|i agree with the person who wished he could have heard more.i especially would have enjoyed hearing &quot;santana's&quot; whole set. that being said, it's still sounds stunning on dvd. &quot;soul sacrifice'by  &quot;santana&quot; with the subwoofer vibrating throughout the room made  me feel like i was there. also,&quot; ten years after&quot;, &quot;joe  cocker&quot;, and &quot;jimi hendrix&quot;  sound superb. i wish they could  have used a better song by &quot;janis joplin&quot;. as well as a better  song by jefferson airplane&quot;.
B000001F2H|5.0|If you want to hear probably the greatest blues guitar playing of all time, then you have to buy this album.  Clapton's playing on the Layla album might have been equally emotional, but the tone and attack that he  gets on his Gibson Les Paul on this set is exquisite.  Don't kid yourself.   This has NEVER been duplicated or replicated.  We're just lucky that a  recording machine got it down.  If blues guitar is your thing and you don't  have this album, rectify that immediately!
B0000203Y5|5.0|I have just finished watchig this film and as I write these words Ibrahim Ferrer's Cd is playing in the background, transporting me, just as this wonderful film did, to not just the romantic and nostalgic scene of Havana,  but also to the decades when these amazing musicians were in their prime.  The film captures not only the coming together of musical greats, but it  also gives us a glimpse at the playful and humble character of these  musicians. Who ever sees this film can't help but develop the highest  esteem for all the musicians represented and Ibrahim Ferrer in Particular.  Omara Portuondo's duo with him, sung with such emotion and passion as to  bring tears to her eyes, captivates the viewer and gives him goosebumps as  the tears come to his eyes too. This film gives us a portrait of musicians  for whom music is not a way to make a living, but instead music is life  itself,whether performing at Carneggie Hall in NY or on the streets of  Havana with whom ever happens to live music as one does.
B000001Y2U|5.0|I do not pay much attention to the stigma that one has come to associate upon hearing the name Marilyn Manson.  To say he and 'evil' are synonymous is a bold statement and a complete matter of opinion.  To be quite honest I  don't care what the man chooses to get up to on stage, all I know is that I  have discovered (for myself) that Marilyn Manson is an extraodinary music  writer and artist, a fact that AntiChrist Superstar makes evident. While  listening to the album one can not help but to embark upon its journey.   Every song is a confession and a story within itself and they are all so  compelling that you find it difficult to hit the stop button on your  stereo. My overall view of ACSS is that it is very informative in an  evasive kind of way.  Mr Manson is making a statement with each song and  having a great amount of fun whilst doing so.  It is a very angry, creepy  (not to mention 'Anti', obviously!) album with some fantastic sounds,  gut-gripping rock tunes and lyrics that will make you stop and think about  things for a while.  That is, at least, how the album appears on face  value, on another level it's actually very deep. Listen to the songs while  reading the inlay booklet and you'll discover a deeper message: Ostensibly  implying a transmogrify from 'worm' to 'angel', and why not, christians  believe in being born-again into a higher spiritual state, maybe Marilyn  Manson is speaking about his own higher state. After reading other reviews  it appears to be unanimous that 'Man That you Fear' is the real high point  of the album, and I would certainly agree, however, the song does not  over-shadow the rest of them.  One of my favorites is the techno/rock sound  of 'Deformography', or the sheer power of 'The Reflecting God' in both its  words and music, or the out-and-out creepiness of 'Kinderfeld' and the all  time classic heaviness of songs like, 'Irresponsible Hate Anthem', '1996'  and 'Angel with the Scabbed Wings'. I could rant on about every songbut  all the reviews in the world will never capture this albums vision or  quality.  Buy it if you like heavy-rock per say or if you're into deep  philosphical lyrics, on all levels Antichrist Superstar is an all  compelling, intriguing and totally fascinating album.
B000001E8P|5.0|Of all of the stunningly British records to emerge over the course of the 90s, this has to be the one which I would expect to be utterly alien to a foreign audience. Whereas Blur always had an American influence via the  lo-fi crunching skills of guitarist Graham Coxon (though they would not  admit it even to themselves five years ago), Pulp make records so rooted in  the perverse, inane and bizarre life of the British class system that it  takes a certain familiarity with the English proletarian existence to  unravel most elements of the record. Lyrically outstanding, this is a grand  tour of English life both at its seediest and at its most entertaining.
B000003NA4|5.0|Man! I was channel surfing (half-asleep) and came upon a Studio 54 session with Diana.  Talks about luck.  I had never heard of her before this, but when I surfed by, I immediately perked up and stopped right THERE!<br />I knew  I was onto something special.<br />Now, I don't care what you call it (my  tastes are eclectic), but I know what I like and I LIKED it.  No... I loved  it!   And I'm not alone.  Just days later (after I rushed out and bought  the album) I went to a store that was displaying a widescreen TV, and just  happened to be showing the high-def HBO loop of the Newport Jazz Fest  performance of Diana.  I was not surpised to see the group that gathered  around the set, drawn by the elegant sound of Ms Krall.  I happily answered  questions as to the identity of this wonderful artist, and I'm sure sent a  few on their way to buy this album!<br />My favorite piece, Peel Me a Grape,  is guaranteed to steam up the windows.  Lower the lights and listen with  your significant other!
B000021Y74|2.0|There are so many good things in this movie that I really wish that I could've liked it more. But, as it is, it felt like the cinematic equivalent of a video game. If you really do want to spend 80 minutes  watching some chick running then I'd suggest waiting for the next Olympics.  For a German movie with some depth, rent anything by Fassbinder, Herzog or  Wenders.
B000031WD9|5.0|i like the movie its good and i love it<br />and i want a copy of that on VCD or DVD (for free)
0345403959|5.0|Eddings is without doubt the best fantasy auther. This book is a must for everyone who has entered the world of the Belgariad. Here is the full story of Belgarath - funny, wellwritten and lovely (as always). Go read it - NOW!
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game truly is the edge of Sci-Fi as well and the pinnacle of the potential of the individual. Go for it.
B00001ZULV|3.0|I must admit that I haven't yet bought this album. The main reason for this is, that when you have &quot;Genesis&quot;, &quot;Invisible Touch&quot;,  &quot;We Can't Dance&quot; and &quot;The Way We Walk  1&amp;2&quot; you have most of the songs on &quot;Hits&quot; - It should  have been 2 CD's with a  broader range.<br /> I think it's a shame that so  many of the old songs, that I do not know, but would like to get to know,  has been left out. From  &quot;The Way We Walk II&quot; i know parts of  &quot;Dance On A Volcano&quot;, &quot;Lamb Lies Down...&quot;,  &quot;Musical Box&quot; and &quot;Firth on Fifth&quot;,  and these sound  excellent. Some of these should have been included.<br /> I do also think,  that some of the excellent long numbers like &quot;Home By The Sea  (I+II)&quot;, &quot;Driving The Last Spike&quot; and &quot;Fading   Lights&quot; ought to be included. Also Domino, although it isn't my  favorite song, should be there - perhaps in the excellent  live-version  from &quot;The Way We Walk 2&quot;.<br /> At last, I miss some of my favorite  new songs, e.g. &quot;Silver Rainbow&quot; and &quot;Dreaming while you are  asleep&quot; (or something else  from the, at my oppinion, excellent  &quot;We Can't Dance&quot;).<br /> So, even though I love most of the songs on  &quot;Turn It On Again&quot;, it is not how I think a Genesis - Greatest  Hits ought to be.  Unfortunately!
B000035Z2L|5.0|This is one of two movies that have EVER made me laugh out loud!  This one made me laugh the hardest!  The acting was supurb, the characters very believable, and the story line was an excerpt from my days in high school.   For those of you who  were not band geeks... band camps are wonderful  things!   (That kind of stuff really does happen!)
B000021Y77|4.0|If you have seen Black Mask and Run Lola Run, then you will know where they got the ideas for The Matrix; and both movies were made before The Matrix. I rented the DVD and I'm going to buy both the CD Soundtrack and  the movie!
B00002Z88D|5.0|This cd breathes new life into the older tunes, definately a must have. These guys just keep coming out with great stuff, I cant wait till the new cd is released in summer.
0804106304|5.0|As Americans, we have developed a rich culture right down to our lifestyle and various traditions from Thanksgiving to Independence Day.  If we were forced to abandon our traditions and ways of life as we entered a  completely foreign country, how would we cope with such an enormous change?   Four Chinese women ventured into America on their own, in the hopes of  starting a new life and managed to cling onto one part of their Chinese  life, the Joy Luck Club.  Though these four women each came from very  different backgrounds and classes, when they came to America, they were  just seen as Chinese.  Because there was no longer a separation of classes  among these four, their paths merged as a result of their participation in  the Chinese Baptist Church in San Francisco.  Suyuan Woo, one of the four  who had come from China, asked the other three Chinese women she had met to  join her in a club that she had started during the war.  The original club  in China consisted of four women who were forced to leave their husbands  and take their children into hiding because of the war.  They decided to  gather once a week and feast, tell stories, and laugh into the night as if  there were no war occurring around them.  In America, the women who made up  the new Joy Luck Club formed bonds as close as sisters and remained so as  they began new families, and their children grew up with one another as  close as siblings.  The Joy Luck Club is a collection of short stories,  arranged into chapters with an individual theme.  The stories are all  diverse, which keeps the book interesting, yet they still intertwine and  relate to each other. Along with the chapters being in different themes,  the book is grouped into four segments containing four chapters, one  chapter per segment from each of either the mothers or daughters.  The  mothers and daughters have extremely different outlooks on life, which are  shown though the chapters from their own perspective.  These outlooks and  different perspectives add to the depth of the cultural conflict between  the American daughters and Chinese mothers.  Amy Tan, born in Oakland,  California, in 1952, was raised in America by Chinese parents, so the  overall premise of The Joy Luck Club is not foreign to her.  She is also  the author of The Kitchen God's Wife and The Hundred Secret Senses.  The  Joy Luck Club spent nine months on the New York Times bestseller list and  well deserved this honor.  This book was wonderfully written with complex  characters backed up by incredibly flowing dialogue, right up to the  Chinese-American accent from the mothers. The enthralling cultural  information regarding China was very interesting, keeping me on my toes at  all times.  This is one of the few books that has kept me reading, and when  I was not reading, I was constantly thinking about the book and looking  forward to reading it every night.  The only negative aspect is that the  stories get confusing at times, so I highly suggest reading it twice  through, as I am planning on doing.  This is an incredible book, which I  would recommend to all readers.
B00001QEE9|5.0|I'm personally only buying the Disney DVD's of the movies I love.I have all of them on VHS but want the best ones on DVD.This one is certainly at the top of the list.The picture is better than ever and the sound is  THX.Once again the movie should come first features second.It could have a  making of..but would you really watch that more than once.
0380002930|4.0|Watership Down was one of the best books I've read in a very long time.  The movie was one of my favorites as a kid and now the book is one of my favorites as a teenager.  It was hard for me to put down and I would  recommend it to anyone.
6305372411|5.0|I was 6 years old when Apollo 11 landed on the moon, yet I remember it clearly to this day. The Apollo space program and the moon landings were  the definitive events of my childhood, and this video captures it all very  authentically. No detail is overlooked, from the bolt of lightning that  struck Apollo 12 shortly after liftoff to the Apollo 15 crew testing the  law of gravity by dropping a hammer and a falcon feather on the lunar  surface. After watching every episode several times, I had mixed feelings.  First, I am glad that I was alive during the time that we sent astronauts  to the moon, and this video brought back a lot of memories for me. But I'm  also sad that there haven't been more trips to the moon for some 28 years  now, meaning that a whole new generation has grown up only knowing about  the moon landings from archival videos. Maybe this video will teach some of  those people about what they have missed, but it's not quite the same as  being there when it actually happened. However, this video is probably the  next best thing.
B00000163G|5.0|I am a producer and sometimes recruiter for Jive records, and I truly believe that Tupac Shakur is one of THE BEST rappers and lyricists of all time. I can say right now, &quot;All EyeZ On Me&quot; holds a spot on  almost every rap-hiphop label's wall. It seems that Garbage(below)who gave  this album 1 star and some of the other no-taste-for-music simpleton idiots  don't know what they are talking about, or must not like a true-to-the-game  HIPHOP masterpiece like this album.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This album is an amazing piece of work. Rage Against the Machine is definitely evolving, and proving more &amp; more with each album their talent by fusing solidly their unique rock/rap sounds with powerful  lyricism. Battle of Los Angeles is a refreshingly eclectic album with  various ranges and styles. Despite their previously acclaimed albums,  Battle of Los Angeles represents some of their best music and finest  lyrics. Particular favorites of mine: <br />\\"Sleep Now in the Fire\\" which  musically reclaims a strong rock style base <br />\\"Mic Check\\" a combination of  rock&amp;rap sounds and lyrics.<br /> The haunting tale of \\"Maria\\"<br />\\"Calm  Like A Bomb\\" is a good example where the words and music do not overshadow  each other. Definitely a good even level: awesome sound and tight lyrics.
0684874350|1.0|Anyone from Limerick who was listening to the local station last night or anybody listening to it on the internet would have heard Richard Harris, a contemporary of Frank Mc Court point out the inaccuracies in this book.  Harris says that there was no misery because of the sense of community that  surrounded and still surrounds the city of Limerick. Also it appears that  Angela's ashes were lost by Malchy Mc Court on an Icelandic flight and are  still probably in the lost luggage department of Kennedy airport. As to the  book itself, I believe along with most of Limerick, Richard Harris and even  Brian Friel has said that this book lacks any literary merit  whatsoever.Angela Mc Court was often described as the angel of the lanes  and was a big heavy woman and not a waif like Emily Watson thogh Frank Mc  Court himself said it brought a tear to his eye how much she reminded him  of his mother.Don't buy this book if you want a good read. Buy it if you  want a good fire.
B000002ITM|5.0|fine metal here great collection of songs the ritual has a melodic to fast then to melodic speed very great indeed .the other song return to serenity is great melodic metal ...speeed metal with a light touch in places nice  combination. electric crown is  a great tune as well as ..as the seasons  grey its one my all time fave testament albums..this is a cd you do not or  can't pass up get it add it to your collection of metal metal heads have to  have testament in there collections they are one the best metal bands ever  thanks cya
6300182193|4.0|...of Stoker's classic horror story.  This version takes liberties galore with Stoker's plot, but the cast is excellent, and Frank Langella is absolutely devastating as Dracula -- diabolical, mesmerizing, incredibly  erotic (I wanted to leave my window open so he could fly in) -- and the  plot twists are an interesting reworking of the original.  I wasn't too  satisfied with the ending, but the rest of the movie more than makes up for  it.  This Dracula is definitely worth seeing.
0783221487|1.0|One of the most complex stories in American literature fell into the hands of one of the most shallow art-poseurs ever to hit the silver screen ...it seemed like a good idea at the time. Not.  If Dune had been Lynch's own  invention, it might not be as harshly judged.  We would not be obliged to  note the miscasting, the triviaizaton in the movie of major characters in  the book, or the omission of of sequences vital to the integrity of the  story and the addition of sequences that added nothing to it. We could just  say it was another bit of late-night cult fluff from the master of the  genre.But Frank Herbert's classic deserved better. What Lynch presents here  is te Cliff Notes version of Herbert's saga, which was a deeply  philosophical and introspective journey into the soul of humankind. A  theologian as well as a novelist, Herbert pondered the difference between  the natural order of the universe and the arbitrary order of civilization.  His characters were complex and alive, and the labyrinthine plot was held  together by a clarity of thought only accessible to a philosopher of his  stature. Lynch's characters were hand puppets.The cast, wth the exception  of Lynch's onerous sidekick Kyle McLauglin, was first-rate, but they can  only use what they are given. And they seemed to have been brought along to  demonstrate their roles more than to become them. The script was hokey and  maudlin. What's more, it was delivered at a pace that gave the movie the  same feeling as the &quot;here are scenes from the next episode&quot; part  of Battlestar Galactica.The layers of patient conspiring that made the  novel so intriguing were turned into a series of Fawlty Towers skits sans  the laughs.  The stentorian Patrick Stewart was anomalous as the ugly,  folksy Gurney Halleck. Duncan Idaho was an extra. Sean Young made a good  Chani, I think, but she wasn't around long enough to tell.  Corn-fed,  Sean-Cassidy haired McLauglin made the schizoid Muad'dib look like Al Gore.And who the hell was Sting supposed to be? He was nothing ore than a  tool,tacked on by Lynch to economize his already rambling, scatterbrained  plot. On the up side, the special effects were cool. &quot;Were&quot; being  the key word.  Now, if want to see a silly western with great FX, we can  watch the Matrix. The best effect, of course, was the Sardukar dressed in  1960s asbestos suits.I would like to see this movie done over.  Directed by  Ridley Scott.
038532653X|4.0|I LOVED this book it was great.  When you read this book you have to keep reading I could never but it down I read half the book in about 3 hours.  The begining of the book it was boring but it kept getting more interesting.  The ending is kind of weird because it's just cut off and it  ends.  You really don't know what happens to them.  I would recommend it to  all my friends that like mysteries and like to figure how a story goes.
0783221487|1.0|One of the most complex stories in American literature fell into the hands of one of the most shallow art-poseurs ever to hit the silver screen ...it seemed like a good idea at the time. Not.  If Dune had been Lynch's own  invention, it might not be as harshly judged.  We would not be obliged to  note the miscasting, the triviaizaton in the movie of major characters in  the book, or the omission of of sequences vital to the integrity of the  story and the addition of sequences that added nothing to it. We could just  say it was another bit of late-night cult fluff from the master of the  genre.But Frank Herbert's classic deserved better. What Lynch presents here  is te Cliff Notes version of Herbert's saga, which was a deeply  philosophical and introspective journey into the soul of humankind. A  theologian as well as a novelist, Herbert pondered the difference between  the natural order of the universe and the arbitrary order of civilization.  His characters were complex and alive, and the labyrinthine plot was held  together by a clarity of thought only accessible to a philosopher of his  stature. Lynch's characters were hand puppets.The cast, wth the exception  of Lynch's onerous sidekick Kyle McLauglin, was first-rate, but they can  only use what they are given. And they seemed to have been brought along to  demonstrate their roles more than to become them. The script was hokey and  maudlin. What's more, it was delivered at a pace that gave the movie the  same feeling as the &quot;here are scenes from the next episode&quot; part  of Battlestar Galactica.The layers of patient conspiring that made the  novel so intriguing were turned into a series of Fawlty Towers skits sans  the laughs.  The stentorian Patrick Stewart was anomalous as the ugly,  folksy Gurney Halleck. Duncan Idaho was an extra. Sean Young made a good  Chani, I think, but she wasn't around long enough to tell.  Corn-fed,  Sean-Cassidy haired McLauglin made the schizoid Muad'dib look like Al Gore.And who the hell was Sting supposed to be? He was nothing ore than a  tool,tacked on by Lynch to economize his already rambling, scatterbrained  plot. On the up side, the special effects were cool. &quot;Were&quot; being  the key word.  Now, if want to see a silly western with great FX, we can  watch the Matrix. The best effect, of course, was the Sardukar dressed in  1960s asbestos suits.I would like to see this movie done over.  Directed by  Ridley Scott.
0451452739|5.0|This book makes you think about life, death, other forms of reality, and mankind in general.  The frightfulness of Hal (The artificialy intelligent computer who turns into one of the books great mysteries) generated much  fear in my mind.  I've never been fearful of a computer in a book before  and I don't think I ever will again.  A great book to make you think about  how we got here and why.
0783216084|5.0|Jaws is a lot more than just a premeditating-psycho-shark-movie. it is a beautifully made piece of cinema and a great story. Essentially, for those few who don't know, a great white shark of mammoth proportions is eating  residents of and visitors to the little holiday island of Amity. Three men  climb on board a boat and set of to kill it. And thats about it... on the  surface. Actually the three men are three broadly defined examples of men  in general, a cross-section of western society. Quint is the physical,  working class man. Hooper is the intellectual, softer, upperclass variety  and Chief Brody is the everyman, some brains, some brawn.  Together they  must defeat this abomination of nature. The shark doesn't quite match up to  todays computer generated effects but this films so good you won't care and  I assure you you will jump once or twice and it will by the end be real  enough for you to not want to be there in the movie with them. Its even got  a good sense of humour and the music by speilberg regular John Williams is  just first rate. There isn't much left to be said except that this was the  worlds first real summer blockbuster and it is stiil as much fun to watch  today as it must have been in 1975. Jaws is a remarkable film whose stature  and reputation have been marred by a plethora of poor sequels. See it wide  screen at least and on DVD where possible...Nice.
B0000024JN|4.0|It's hard to believe, but sometimes true that what goes around, comes around.  I saw the Beasties on stage in London in September 1986 (with Run DMC and LL Cool J) shortly after this album came out (they were last on the  bill and played only three songs, including &quot;Slow and Low&quot; and  &quot;Fight For Your Right&quot;).  The prevailing opinion at the time was  that &quot;Licensed To Ill&quot; was one of the most obnoxious releases in  the history of music.  But what a party!  The Beastie Boys seemed like a  one-hit wonder when they changed record labels and took three years to  release their follow up (Paul's Boutique), plus the fact these white boys  were being universally panned by most of the rap community.  But the Boys  must be having the last laugh, and listening to this album again, it still  sounds good.  I am amazed at all the kids that weren't even born in '86 are  discovering this record, which attests to the band's endurance, although  the band owes a lot to Rick Rubin, their producer who meshed the Boys'  brashness with great sound samples.  As a parent I can say that, based on  the feedback I've read here, if you are trying to decide on a music  purchase for your teenager, this may do the trick.
0141301155|3.0|Charlie and the Chocolate factory is about a boy who lives with his family in a small house and they are very poor. Charlie loves candy but because they are poor he can only have candy once a year.Then one day they announce that there are five golden tickets to be found in Wonka chcocolate bars and  Charlie is very determined to find one. The search goes on and on and still  little Charlie hasn't found a ticket.Then one day he finds a dollar on the  street and buys a Wonka candy bar and he gobbles up as fast as he can. Then  he buys just one more. To find out what happens beyond that point read the  book and find out!
B00000JTB2|3.0|If nothing else,this was a very interesting collaboration from two blues greats,paying respects to one another.However,it suffers from a sort of overkill:these two musicians shine better separately.
B00003003R|5.0|This really is a great look at the music of GNR. Guns N' Roses had a lot of diversity in their music and it shows on the live cd. you need this cd if you like good rock music.
B000000OYQ|3.0|Quite a competent solo offering from Page with an eye to the past.John Miles sounds a lot better than Plant here,he should have sung all the songs.
B00000J7J4|5.0|THE CD of the year! &quot;Smooth&quot; is one of the best I've heard in years. The whole CD is AMAZING! 1st in charts deservingly.
B000002L1L|1.0|After letting Joe Lynn Turner go(due to pressures from the record label)Deep Purple re-reunited for their worst album ever.
0792107683|5.0|I have seen hundreds if not thousands of movies and this is my favorite movie of all, not just my favorite western.  I have watched it at least 60 times.
0802130208|5.0|Loving and living in new orleans makes this an eventual must-read.  How odd to find a book that can whimsically and realistically portray a city with the multifaceted jewel-depraved soul of america quality that this  coffee metropolis is all about, i suggest the book to anyone from the  audacious age of 15 to probably folks on porches, it is a feeler of the  life vibe and if you've ever had occasion to eat a lucky dog then you'd be  thrilled just for that portrayal.  i'm thrilled cause my ride has a  portrait of a twenty year luck y dog salesman. Hmmm  hello marcus if you  ever read this stuff.
B000003TA4|5.0|THIS ONE CD HAS CHANGED SO MANY LIVES IT HAS INSPIRED MANY PEOPLE. MILLIONS OF US CRIED, FROM THE WAY IT OPENED TO THE WAY IT CLOSED IT IS ABOUT 50 MINUTES OF PURE ALTERNATIVE ROCK THAT YOU CAN LIKEAND STILL  PISSOFF YOUR PARENTS
0375707972|4.0|As I was reading, The Reader, it kept me interested in Michael Berg's World. I did not want to put the book down until I knew the outcome of the relationship and that is what a book should do. It should make you forget  about the world that you are in and make you feel like you are in the world  of the character and that is exactly what Bernhard Schlink did. He used  powerful language and imagery that made the book very interesting to read.  As he described all the steps of the relationship it brings you into the  book. Michael meets a woman who is twice his age when she is helping him  when he is vomiting on the side of the road due to Hepatitis B. As he went  back to her later to say &quot;thank you&quot; he never expected to be  caught in such a mysterious relationship. As they talk little and have no  real conversation you can feel the dryness of their relationship. As she  leaves you can see the dramatic irony that is displayed. As he later meets  her in a courtroom, after being a lawyer, you can feel the intensity  between them. Bernhard Schlink has clearly written a book that can be shown  as an example of what books should be.
B000002H97|5.0|I Heard this cd and I'll have to say this is the best one I've heard yet and it has nothing but good songs on it. I highly recommend getting this cd if you are a metallica fan.              Go Metallica
B00002Z88D|5.0|My husband who doesn't like rock and roll, was enchanted by the sounds and mixture of the orchestra and guitars.  He states, &quot;What a great combination of sounds and textures&quot;.<br />On the other hand, I am a  Metallica fan and have followed them throughout their career.  This is by  far the best masterpiece they have ever created and I highly recommend it  for all to enjoy.  WOW!
B00002Z88D|5.0|This cd is simply the best. I have all their cd's and after listening to this one all their 'normal' songs where weird to hear caus you misses the orchestra. Metallica did a great thing teaming up with the SFO. If you like  Metallica there is only one thing to do:<br />BUY  IT!
B00000016Q|5.0|beautiful has lots of substance and depth! lots of creativity and tons of talent!
B000002NJS|5.0|There's a reason Madonna enjoys lasting popularity...she is a superb pop artist. This album is to the rest of the pop music world what a brand name is to generic - it is powerful, sensual, and good listening throughout.  While some might feel the tecno-pop sound makes it seem like she is hiding  behind engineers and producers, it is nevertheless clear that Madonna's  voice is still the driving force behind each track. The techno-pop sound  clearly requires help for any artist, but Madonna goes for the best help  money can buy, and it shows...If you've ever been a Madonna fan, this is a  great addition to your collection. If you've NEVER been a Madonna fan, this  is STILL a great addition to your collection.
0002171856|5.0|well to say the least it's great there is everything from surviving a nuke  to artic living i've bought 5 copys and i plan to give them to ANYONE i know  this book makes me feel like i could take on the world it's nothing  like any onther survival book you've read  it's just the best
0553573403|5.0|This book was incredible and it was just the beginning. There are many carecters and Martin does a good job developing them. Some complain that there are too many name thrown out but i think for an epic &quot;YES I SAID  EPIC&quot; series that i am sure this will be, it is required. Just to hear  that this lord or that lord died is one thing but to know their name,  family, children etc. just adds a whole new aspect to it. This reminds me a  lot of Melanie Rawn's writing. Pick it up. But you better get book 2 at the  same time because you won't want to wait.
0767819594|4.0|This movie is a must for young adults and teens.  I loved it.  The story is just great and you can't beat that ending, Gellar does a great job being  the bad girl
068487217X|5.0|Many people have read this book and commented on how terribly gloomy it it. But one must remember how even when his life was at its lowest McCourt still dreamed of something better. And we musnt foget the most uplifting  part of all, through all the tradgedy and sickness he managed to survive.  If that isn't uplifting I dont know what is. Angela's Ashes is probably one  of the best books I have ever read.
6305657947|2.0|Yeah, the action scenes were fantastic and the love scenes sizzled with inventiveness, but the movie as a whole was a desperate disappointment. The major drawback was the complete lack of any wit in the dialog. The  characters weren't developed very well--there was a lot of exposure to  their lives and lifestyles, but we never REALLY got to see who they were  until the very end. Some things seemed to happen for no reason--points or  conclusions were derived from what seemed to be inconsequential events. I'm  bummed that I got duped into thinking it was a fabulous movie. There was  one saving grace, though--at least my boyfriend and I found a film where  there were leads for BOTH of us to drool over!  ;)
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is one of those great films that only comes along every few years.  It's intensely imaginative and completely unlike anything you've ever seen before.  After seeing this movie the first time, I had a hard time driving  home.  That's the kind of impact it can have.  Saying any more could spoil  the surprise, but don't watch this movie expecting a cheap rip-off of  Bloodsport.  It's not about fighting at all.
B00002R0MC|5.0|Any collection of music is incomplete without this box set.  Taking your from the early days of the Wailing Wailers early &quot;hits&quot; like One Cup of Coffee through the transiance of Rastaman Chant and up to post Tosh,  Marley...this has been a cherished piece of brilliance in my life.  Bob  Marley changed the world for the better and each time I listen to any of  his music I take a piece of that positive vibration or harsh realisim with  me.  This set will engage your ears and soul for as long as you truly  listen.
6304383827|4.0|If you are a strict Austenite, you may not want this movie. Though it is based on the novel by Jane Austen, this adaptation is more like a soap opera version of a 19th century world. There are inconsistencies in  linguistics, costuming, and hair design that are not in keeping with the  styles of the time, so be aware of that if these are important factors for  you. On a purely entertainment level, however, this movie is a delight,  bridging the gap between the 1990's and the early 1800's. Humour is added  that is more in keeping with our times, and adds a wonderful extra  dimension to the film that a strictly Austen-based movie would have been  lacking in.
B0000041DF|5.0|To me you can not get a better recording of the Rach 3. Her technique is above and beyond Horowitz and the speed is frightening at times. However I have to admit that Martha Argerich is not for everyone. Some of you who  like the older schools of music, the more specific and riggid schools of  piano, probably want to find someone else playing. Martha has some very  unique musical ideas and does not follow all the markings exactly. This is  a GREAT recording though.
6301247485|4.0|First off, all of you tools who have not read the book, read it.  It will do you wonders for understanding this movie.  Simply put, the book is far better than the movie.  The film itself is well done, portrayal of the  times is excellent.  Redford plays an acceptably good Gatsby.  Mia Farrow  gives an equally good performance as Daisy.  She captures the characters  shallowness and flighty appearance.  Sam Waterston plays an excellent Nick  Carraway.  Wilson is also portrayed wonderfully and as he should be, not a  cold blooded killer.  Bruce Dern does not seem to be the right choice for  the role of Tom.  In the book, Tom seems bigger; more arrogant, a stronger  character.  Dern's portrayal seems meaker, and unfulfilling.  Jordan Baker  is well played, not to my liking, but well played none the less.  The film,  of course, lacks many details that are meaningful and create a better  picture in the text.  But, for what it is, it's a good show.
B00000BKI4|4.0|Mercury Rev's breakthrough Deserter's Songs is a fragile, beguiling album.  Overrated by UK critics on its release, it still warms the heart like very few albums can.  The perfect soundtrack to a wintery night, or to The  Wizard of Oz for that matter, it sounds like nothing and everything you've  ever heard before at the same time.  Holes and Tonite It Shows grate after  a while, but Goddess On A Hiway and Opus are truly lovely no matter how  many times you play them.  Recommended.
B000031XCR|4.0|If you are a big Celine fan or a minimal one, or even want some quality pop music , which is so hard to find these days (it seems that everywhere is rappers) you will certainly be satisfied with the selection of hits  here.<br />&quot;Then you Look At Me&quot; is going to become like  titanic  song. It's from the movie, bicenntenial man with Robin Williams. But this  one is much better. It's very very moving and has a dynamic sound track.  <br />THAT'S THE WAY IT IS , currently #10, on Billboard top ten singles. I  can understand why. It isn't even released as a single but made the  Billboard charts based solely on radio requests. That's Amazing!<br />The  Shania Twain Collaboration &quot;If Walls Could Talk&quot; is very sweet,  pop-country tune. It's a surprise to hear Celine singing like this, in a  tiny voice. &quot;Live&quot; is my favorite for sure. So well-written. The  lyrics brings tears to my eyes. and her intonation of the lyrics are  outstanding.   Perhaps the biggest surprise is &quot;I Want You To Need  Me&quot; it's a hard rock tune, with loud,nasty funk and lots of harsh  voice tones. Celine's voice here is nothing I have heard before. It's so  raw and unpolished .She just lets it rip...  This is one good album. Yeah,  sure I recommend it.<br />I enjoyed it more than I thought I would.
B000009QPQ|5.0|Olsen and Co.'s most commercially appealing album is packed with quality songs and beautiful lyrical imagery.  Blue is a near perfect ballad, affecting but unaffected, Miss Williams' Guitar crackles away and Over My  Shoulder makes me blub all the time.  Timeless, but also check out Sound Of  Lies, because that has to be a real contender for album of the nineties.
B00000JG41|5.0|When Faith No More broke up, I had no idea Mike Patton would go on to do something so incredible!  This Mr. Bungle album cements Patton as a musical genius.  His international influences are evident; FINALLY someone has the  talent to blend foreign music into a good sound.  The greatest thing about  Mike Patton is his ability to write a song that you can snap along with.   This whole CD is full of those kinds of songs, and every time I listen to  it I hear something new.  That's what I like.
B000003TSP|5.0|This just the best cd I've every heard.  I'm 14 and I'm enjoy listening to JAMIROQUAI,Massive Attack,Esthero,and Puff Daddy.  The whole album is just tight but, the best song to me is Only You.  Also Geoff Barrow is a master  at the Turntables. I just want to say Portishead is the greatest ever!
079073382X|5.0|This is absolutely my most favorite movie of all times. It is romantic, beautiful and funny. Everyone should have the opportunity to live this movie out it real life!
B000002LUB|5.0|Sabbath hadn't sounded this violent since...well ever, really, except for a few moments here and there through the years. Not the &quot;reunion&quot; that die hards had hoped for, but the lineup which toured against and  recorded two of Sabbath's most masterful albums, not to mention a live  album which is better than most people admit. Ten years later, with Dio at  52 (! ), the Sabs come up with a very modern, paranoid, energetic set  which in the end produces what should be three classics in Computer God,  Master of Insanity and the radio-friendly (even hummable) Time Machine.  Other great cuts are I and TV Crimes. A &quot;concept&quot; album in the  sense of fearing technology's grip on our souls...whatever...it rocks.  Really cheezball cover though.
0385484518|5.0|You will walk away thinking of your own mortality, purpose, and life.  Am I the best person I can be everyday?  There truely is a great lesson to learn.
B000001F7R|5.0|Someone suggests Def Lep were &quot;listening&quot; to post-Sabbath Ozzy...more like the other way around. Def Leppard and Iron Maiden pretty much commanded the NWOBHM heap, and in their respective first two albums  are more energy and youthful exuberance and basic rock chops -- not to  mention transmission of influences and the most successul blending of  blues-rock and punk -- than in the rest of both of their respective  catalogs. This Def Leppard was like Zeppelin after getting fired, dumped by  their hot blonde girlfriend, and running out of money for booze: angry,  young, honest, and stupid, but equipped with some Gibsons, some Marshalls,  and a lot of desire to rule the world. Because this version of the band is  an historic artifact, the Leps won't touch the back-back catalog live  anymore, which is too bad. In many ways the first two Def Lep albums are  more important and worthwhile than all the multi-layered billion sellers  with hooky choruses to come down the pike later. If &quot;When Love and  Hate Collide&quot; is your favorite Lep song, you won't find much  here...but if you like Zeppelin, this will get you going.
0684872153|5.0|Before you buy this book-realize that this is not fiction.  This is an autobiographical look at Frank McCourt's life as a child.  It shows how his family struggled in New York when he was a young child &amp; then later in  Limmerick, Ireland until he leaves at age nineteen.  As you read this book  you feel like you are growing up in the slums of Limmerick with Frank,  Angela (his mother), his father and his brothers.  You live with him  through everything-he shares even the smallest details.  Applause to Frank  McCourt, not only for just surviving, but for writing this book so well  that it reaches out and touches the reader.
B000002UAU|5.0|Revised Review II: \\"A Magical World Never Bettered: V 2.0\\" January 14, 2000<br />This whole album is a masterpiece. Nothing has been done before or since that can equal this one. Of course its been said a zillion times, but its really true. I bought it in Christmas back a few years ago (1997), and as I listened to it, it got better and better. For me, The Beatles (at first) took some time getting used too. Then they got stronger and stronger. On this record, they do almost the impossible. They create an entire magical fantasy. Its delishisouly (spelling?) sweet. The First Concept Album was indeed the finest. Everything works well with the concept. The album sleeve works better with the music than any I have seen. They help endear us to this wonderful world The Beatles are taking us too. At first I thought it was a bunch of hype, and the reason I bought it was because I was rapidly sinking (regressing, some of the younger people I know say) into the older music. I wanted Sgt Pepper cause everyone talked about it and had never heard it. This record will never be equalled, I fear. I wish it would, because I would love to do some more exploring. They took us on a Magical Mystery Tour on this one. Ironic, they did exactly that on this record, and though it was a concept album I don't think it was their intention, and then they made a concept movie with this in mind, and they didn't do that well (for The Beatles). If you want a record like no other, go out and buy this right now. Another great record that came out the same year is The Doors (debut). If it weren't for this, that would easily be the best for that year. But Sgt Pepper has surpassed all others. The Beatles never were able to do it again. They did get it in isolated moments, but never for the whole record like on this. No one else has ever come close. This deserves all the acclaim it gets.<br /><br />As far as personal favorites go, however, I still enjoy the White Album the most. Rubber Soul and Revolver aregood also (Rubber Soul is better than Revolver, tho' Revolver is more of a break thru). YOu could see the dircetion they were going with a few of the songs off Help! Some of that material is on level with Rubber Soul. Abbey Road, which I didn't care much for now, I really enjoy now. Sgt Pepper, however, is the cultural milestone to end all cultural milestones.<br /><br />--------------<br />[I originally wrote a separate review, called \\"A magical world that has never better\\", posted August 23, 1998, on Amazon.com. Because it is marked as a private review it is not listed under my profile. As this is the original review, of which the second one from 2000 is modeled after (hence the 2.0 in the review title), I thought I would include it here. Mike London, October 18, 2007]<br /><br />Review I.: \\"A magical world that has never been bettered\\" August 23, 1998<br />This whole album is a masterpiece. Nothing has been done before or since that can equal this one. Of course its been said a zillion times, but its really true. I bought it in Christmas last year (1997), and as I listened to it, it got better and better. For me, The Beatles (at first) took some time getting used too. Then they got stronger and stronger. On this record, they do almost the impossible. They create an entire magical fantasy. Its delishisouly (spelling?) sweet. The First Concept Album was indeed the finest. Everything works well with the concept. The album sleeve works better with the music than any I have seen. They help endear us to this wonderful world The Beatles are taking us too. At first I thought it was a bunch of hype, and the reason I bought it was because I was rapidly sinking (regressing, some of the younger people I know say) into the older music. I wanted Sgt Pepper cause everyone talked about it and had never heard it. This record will never be equalled, I fear. I wish it would, because I would love to do some more exploring. They took us on a Magical Mystery Tour on this one. Ironic,they did exactly that on this record, and though it was a concept album I don't think it was their intention, and then they made a concept movie with this in mind, and they didn't do that well (for The Beatles). If you want a record like no other, go out and buy this right now.<br /><br />Another great record that came out the same year is The Doors (debut). If it weren't for this, that would easily be the best for that year. But Sgt Pepper has surpassed all others. The Beatles never were able to do it again. They did get it in isolated moments, but never for the whole record like on this. No one else has ever come close. This deserves all the acclaim it gets.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Okay I only said that to grab your attention. the titles is NOT TRUE!  repeat the title is NOT TRUE!  Now, on to the reveiw. &quot;Affirmation&quot; is a fun, rock type of song that has beautiful  backgrounds and lyrics. First, you need to hear the cd a lot to let the new  music sink in. After that, it sounds very good. One of the most beautiful  songs, the BEST and soooooo ROMANTIC is the song called &quot;You can Still  Be Free.&quot; It starts out like a the genre of new age with a sad tone.  If you listen to it, it feels like you're floating in the dark abyss of the  universe, where the stars glide around as if to capture you...Darren uses  his very soft voice in this song, like &quot;universe&quot; in the 1997 cd.  &quot;Chained To You&quot; is my personal favorites, this song is kind of  like &quot;Carry On Dancing&quot; beat. It starts with an awesome beat that  automatically moves your feet up and down. It's fast and smooth, flowing  without breathing --kinda like &quot;I want you&quot;. Another song that is  intensely sensual is &quot;Gunning Down Romance&quot;. It's a sad song  talking about his heart being broken...and saying he's going to &quot;gun  down romance&quot; because romance just brought him misery. I love this  song as well because it makes you feel like a robot. It's slow and  addicting. Yes, that's the word! addictive! This songs sounds as if some  kids have stepped into another dimension...not techno...but very unique.  &quot;Two Beds &amp; a Coffe Machine&quot; is not good. It's just a guitar  and light singing. In my case, it sounds like someone is just singing with  a dry music background. &quot;The Lover After Me&quot; is a kind of like  Natalie Imbruglia's &quot;Wishing you were there&quot; type of song...  Well, if you have any more questions, just e-mail me at:  pretty_soldier_stars@yahoo.com
B000003N69|5.0|I noticed that the \\"average customer review\\" has given this album 5 stars, which I was going to give it also. I am going to assume that everything that can be said about this album has been said in the previous  reviews. That allows me to write a small review for the Nels Cline  (electric guitar) and Gregg Bendian (drums, percussion, vibraphone) cd  called INTERSTELLAR SPACE REVISITED.<br /><br />Gregg is most famous for his work  with \\"free\\" pianist Cecil Taylor, and while Nels is probably only  known by those who are already fans of his, his improvisational imagination  and skill deserves more recognition.<br /><br />On INTERSTELLAR SPACE REVISITED,  Nels and Gregg take the basic themes from each track of Coltrane's  INTERSTELLAR SPACE and they then use them as the launching pad for some  truly deep-space improvisation. REVISITED isn't a tired and derivative  \\"tribute\\" album, it really is a revisitation of a masterpiece,  with the purpose of taking these \\"songs\\" to planets, galaxies,  and black holes that even Trane and Rashied never envisioned for them.  Listen to INTERSTELLAR ten times, and then listen to REVISITED ten times,  and enjoy the rewards!
0553565915|5.0|After losing my brother at age 34 and my mother a year later at age 54, I was desperately searching for some comfort.  I needed to know that they were not simply gone.  I bought this book on tape in 1993 and have listened  to it at least 10 times now.  It was a Godsend then and it still is.  I  know now that my loved ones would not return for my sake and I would not  want them to.  No longer do I personally fear death because I truly believe  that we have a purpose here and once we've completed our mission (however  humble,) we are reunited with those spirits closest to us.  I've shared  this book with many of those I love.  The Awakening Heart picks up Betty's  story where Embraced leaves off and teaches even more lessons for every  life.
0805062971|3.0|like many readers I only decided to read the book because I loved the film(even though it has Brad'bottom of the'Pitt in it).  The book couldn't possibly live up to the film and unfortunately it didnt.  But it was  enjoyable nonetheless.  The style of the storytelling is great if a little  pretentious in places.  My main criticsm though is the ending.  It seems as  though Chuck already knew the twist ending and all the way through the book  he was simply explaining it.  And the twist does'nt work, it does'nt pull  the rug from under your feet.  Nice effort but could have been so much  more.
B000021XS0|5.0|I got this album shortly after its release and have listened to it every day since then!  There are not enought words to describe this album, it IMHO is just as good or even better than I&amp;W, and totally blows away  all other DT albums to date.
0767019954|4.0|This is a well-made adaptation of Thackeray's Victorian drama - sumptious sets and costumes, good acting, high production values.  This was produced and written by the people behind Pride &amp; Prejudice - and while I  enjoyed this - it certainly does not compare to P&amp;P.  Natasha Little is  splendid as Becky Sharp though I was disappointed that the actress who  played Amelia Sedley wasn't &quot;pretty enough&quot; and the film's plot  does tend to &quot;jump around&quot; a bit.  If you're looking for a more  satisfying, enjoyable Victorian drama, check out &quot;Middlemarch&quot;  (starring Rufus Sewell and Juliet Aubrey) or &quot;Great Expectations&quot;  (starring Ioan Gruffud) instead.
006019250X|5.0|This book captures the adventurous spirit of a young boy and will inspire you to snap out of your monotonous life and follow your dreams. Give it to someone you know who needs a little jumpstart in their life -- it's  wonderful!
630438551X|5.0|If there was some way to make this movie better, I haven't thought of it. The love between two people has never been displayed more perfectly. The way they would rather die than be seperated from their love, it is so  tragic. This movie makes you think of how precious love and family really  is.
B00000HYSN|5.0|A beautiful album.  I can never get over how Will's horrible voice can always, and I mean always, touch me in a place that few singers have.
1573226521|5.0|The Beach is the best travel novel Iv'e read.  The descriptions of travellers and the life they create on the beach is brilliantly recognised.  It   made me want to go travelling to the Far East and how many books can  you say that about!  Stranger still it's going to make me want to go and  see a Leonerdo Cuppicinno film. Garland is amazingly restrained and keeps  the violence to minimal but perhaps this is a criticism more than praise!  I've read William Golding's Lord of the Flies(which explores similer  themes) and I have to say The Beach is better in terms of character,  discription and story and that is high praise indeed.
0553573403|5.0|Those of you looking for a book about magic and wizardry might as well hit the &quot;back&quot; button on your browser now.  But those of you looking for intrigue, super complex plots, twists, betrayels, murder, sex, danger,  and the fantasy genre's ever-present impending doom...stop reading this and  add it to the cart.<br />Mr Martin offers a truly refreshing change of pace  for us die hard fantasy enthusiasts that are tired of the old &quot;small  town hero fights off the ancient prophesied evil&quot; plot that has sadly  become a stable point in modern fantasy.  The Ice and Fire books,(only two  so far) deal with a medieval lands politics and warring, and they have  their fair share of dispicable power-hungry &quot;villian&quot;  characters.<br />This sensational work has characters from all across the  spectrum.  There are those you hate, those you dont, and those you arent  sure about.  They all share one thing in common however, and that is that  danger COMPLETELY surrounds them.<br />For those of you that are fascinated  (like me) by a good story rich with intrigues, twists, and back stabbing,  this is the book for you.<br />But WAIT!  It gets better in the second  one...what are you waiting for?  Add it to your cart now!
6305622825|5.0|This movie is awesome!  Full of action, adventure and suspense. It brings you into the lives of two master theifts. It gives you a good idea about what being a theif is like. Sean and Cathrine are awesome. A awesome movie  for all!
0812550706|1.0|Ender's Game bore me to tears. It doesn't have any point to the story at all. The entire story is about a huge video game war with bugs. Blah, Blah, Blah... Please don't read this book. You'll thank me later.
B00000JPH6|5.0|After not having seen it in over 10 years this movie still impreses me.  I saw it as a kid and after many years I found it on DVD, although I was scared of being disapointed since movies today are more tecnologicly  advanced, my fears ended during the first minute. wow wow wow wow The  making is incredible
B000021XR5|1.0|I had to give it a star.  I love STP, especially Core but after Purple, they starte going downhill.  Third one was poor so I was hoping(or had my hopes too high) that No4 will be their come back CD.  But.....I bought it  listen to it once and there hasnt been a second time yet and I dont think  there will be one.  I think this was a total disappointment
6303481272|5.0|Some years ago, when I had just started watching/collecting anime full-time, my brother picked up Ninja Scroll for me due to the word &quot;Ninja&quot; in the title.  A few years and a ton of videos later,  Ninja Scroll still stands as one of my favorites.<br />This one has it all,  the dubbing is quite good, the action is fast-paced and furious, and the  main character of Jubei is simply awesome.  <br />Fans of &quot;Wrath of the  Ninja: The Yotoden Movie&quot; will love this one.  Even now I still pop it  in the VCR for a little excitement fix...can't go wrong with this one.   Trust me.
068484267X|5.0|I didn't read this book for a long time because I thought it would be too depressing.  I'm sorry I waited so long.  It was so refreshing, honest, at times funny, sad, and enlighting!  I'd recommend this book to anyone.
6302902010|5.0|Gershwin, a musical genius, puts forth the struggles of poverty and dispair in the history of the south. It is relevent in todays world, in relation to the drug abuse nation wide. The star, Porgy, with his obvious  handicap, brings hope and prevails through an honest heart, bringing  lessons to the world in this Classic I remember as a child. The vocals are  superb.
1878424114|5.0|When I read this book, I realised that Deepak Chopra is the guru I have been waiting for. It is simply superb!
0800103661|5.0|This movie is completely mesmerizing, from its intelligent, thought-provoking script, to its eminently watchable cast and its profound humanity. The stylish look and feel of the movie, with its cool locations  set in the not-too-distant future, nevertheless feel very real; indeed the  whole premise feels entirely possible.  Jude Law, lately of The Talented  Mr. Ripley, is simply spectacular in a role that requires an actor of great  power.  I never understood why this film did not do much better in its  initial release; it is a science fiction film with a heart and a brain,  more in the realm of Contact.  And the Michael Nyman musical score (The  Piano)underscores the proceedings with an intensely melancholy theme,  punctuating the sadness and triumphs of people not too different from  ourselves caught in a world that seems to have forgotten what makes humans  human.
B000001FY9|5.0|Bob Marley will ALWAYS reign supreme and the king of raggae.  Legend is an excellent addition to your Bob Marley collection. If you are a new fan of raggae and Bob Marley, you need to purchase this particular CD.  As far as  I can tell, Marley has never written or performed a bad song, so to say  that this is the best of Bob Marley is an injustice. However, some of my  most favorite and Marley's most famous songs are included.  Who hasn't  heard &quot;I Shot the Sheriff&quot; or &quot;Could You Be Loved&quot;?   Marley teaches love, religion, and justice through his music, with each  song telling wonderful stories.  Be warned - this could become your most  favorite CD.  It certainly deserves that distinction.
B000001IPL|5.0|&quot;Smash&quot; is an explosive, in-your-face album that all Offspring or punk rock fans should like this album. If you have Americana, and you like that CD, you will LOVE Smash! If you don't have that CD but still like  bands like Green Day, Blink 182 and Korn, you will like this CD. Even  though the CD is 6 years old now, it still hasn't gotten old and you can  probably get it cheap at your local record store. All the songs are great,  and you won't regret getting it!
B000002GOZ|5.0|I was at the show in Moncton thursday the 6th of january 2000 and it was pretty good.  I loved the idea of 3 guys on the stage and everybody in white.  Aldo i know it will never be possible i wish that the show could be  more intimat.  I feel that his music cannot be fully apreciated in a big  place like the moncton colisium the qualety of the soud is not there and  you dont feal part of the show being so far from the stage.  I have paid  good money to go see him and i didn't feel part of the show.  Seeing Brian  and his band in a more intimate show would be a dream  his music is so  wonderful!  THANK YOU  A.B
B0000214F0|4.0|This movie needs to be released in VHS format! What were they thinking by making this film available to DVD users only!  Shame on them! The unrated version is the only one to buy...stay away from the r-rated version. Very  campy film and very entertaining....see it if you can!
B0000039QA|2.0|This album is not as good as &quot;Ready To Die&quot;. The only good songs on this album are &quot;Notorious Thugs&quot;, &quot;Long Kiss Goodnight&quot;, and &quot;You're Nobody Til' Somebody Kills You&quot;. The rest are a little off and have too much samples. If you don't have this  album, then don't get it. You can borrow it from a friend and record the  songs you like off it. But don't waste... on it. If you don't have  &quot;Ready To Die&quot;, than buy it. But don't buy this one.<br />P.S. That  East Vs. West bulls--t is old, I liked both 2Pac and B.I.G. So please quit  dissing Biggie, DMX, or any of the Eastcoast Hardcore-Rappers. But you can  diss Puffy, Mobb Deep, Jay-Z or Lil'Kim all you want because they can't  Rap. <br />R.I.P. 2Pac, B.I.G. and Eazy-E. See you three at the crossroads.  PEACE.
0440180295|5.0|Put simply, the best book I have ever read.  I love war books, and this one is certainly not one of your average war books.  It's different.  Read it.
B000002HPV|5.0|Full of menace, sensuality, spirituality and love, Homogenic is more mature lyrically and musically than her previous albums.  Nifty!
B0000214F0|4.0|This movie needs to be released in VHS format! What were they thinking by making this film available to DVD users only!  Shame on them! The unrated version is the only one to buy...stay away from the r-rated version. Very  campy film and very entertaining....see it if you can!
6301562925|3.0|Now, after the amazing comeback sequel Halloween 4 I was anticipating that this film would be just as good.Unfortunately I was wrong. I liked this film I must say but what really annoyed me was the plot. Myers is saved by  a hermit after falling down the mineshift. He lives with him for a year  until Halloween comes again. The Myers house is now a mansion, not a two  storey. The plot is slow, Myers killing a lot of innocent teenagers when he  could just go out for Jamie anyway. Good movie, so much killing was not  needed though.
0679735259|5.0|I'm too young to remember Vietnam, but I still think the book is fantastic.  Some of the images in the book are literally unforgettable and his description of emotional states (e.g., optimism v. cynicism) is often  heartbreaking.  Herr uses lyrics from Johnny Cash to Jimi Hendrix, and he  does it brilliantly. (I can't listen to &quot;Ring of Fire&quot; without  remembering this book.) I can't say enough about this book. I'd recommend  it to anyone who appreciates vivid writing that will stay with them.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I avoided this album for almost a year, not in the least because of all the hype generated by the press, but picked it up on impulse in mid-98 and am I glad I did.<br />This is one of the best and most vital recordings in the  last decade. Sweeping in it's grandeur and languid in pace, OK Computer is  an epic in disguise and much a like an out of body experience.  Subtle  melodies, guitar riffs, Thom's haunting voice and assorted sounds and  effects collide, interact and interplay to create a truly wonderful  listening experience.  Every listen yields something more to appreciate in  this fine record.<br />Airbag, Paranoid Android, Subterranean Homeesick Alien,  Karma Police.... all fantastic songs, flow into each other melding  seamlessly into a whole that is greater than the sum of it's parts.<br />Radiohead is one of most innovative and talented bands out there today  and they prove it with this masterpiece that will stand the test of time!  Long after other contempories like Oasis, Creed, Bush &amp; Limp Bizkit are  consigned to Discount Bins and footnotes in the History of Rock Music, this  work alone will bring Radiohead in focus as one of the best rock bands of  the 90s and beyond.
B000001GQQ|5.0|It seems that Argerich is one of those talents that compiles zealously devoted fans who fawn over everything she does, and in fact that kind of devotion is well-earned from a musician of her stature. Indeed the playing  here is of a jaw-dropping intensity and brilliance. The Ravel bounces along  at a brisk pace, with a nice sense of urban hustle and bustle that's almost  Gershwin-esque, and the slow movement in particular is splendidly  articulated. The Gaspard de la Nuit is an ethereal dream, and Argerich  somehow conjures some uncannily wispy tones from the piano that belie the  percussion of the mechanism, all without muddying up the legato (even the  author of the liner notes is perplexed by the technique).<br />But...<br />I have  to admit, I'm not a fan of this performance of the Prokofiev. For me, the  piece is highly structured and should be played with a strict sense of  rhythmic architecture, but Argerich in her frenzy tends to let the rhythm  get away from her at times, and the result is a concerto that, to my ear,  doesn't work as an organic whole--especially since the orchestra can't  always keep up with her. Still I'm giving this CD five stars, because the  other performances are absolutely top-notch.
6305014140|5.0|I'm a serious anime fan and I've watched lots of anime movies and series and I recommend this movie to anyone who's really an anime fan. People in the US are used to watch Disney-like animation, they think anime is just  for kids (Pokemon, Sailor Moon, etc...), well it's not, this is serious  anime.
B000002MFN|4.0|When Madonna released this way back in '92,she did so in a blaze of publicity...the Sex book had just been released causing outcry and catupulting her already raunchy image to new heights.I dont think  anyone  wanted to give Madonna a fair shot with this album...it has always been  given bad reviews. Described as a concept album departing from the  commercial friendly music of previous efforts, Erotica still has a whole  lot more to offer... it is a sexy record..all songs provocative and so  tantilising...Madonna at her shocking best!      Like A Prayer(one of the  finest Madonna efforts)was prominently about catholicism and how to deal  with it...Erotica is about sex and lets be honest sex sells!    The stand  out tracks are Words;Waiting;Bad Girl Rain;Theif of Hearts and the Peggy  Lee cover-Fever....all songs are memorable and have something to  offer...this is Ray Of Light's prologue and should be bought...if only to  follow how Madonna has evolved as an artiste since...         My advice to  you is to buy this album and listen to it at full volume with the bass on  at the max...as someone who has followed Madonna all through her career...i  feel that too an extent it is underrated but perhaps ahead of its time...     I had this record in my collection for about a year before i actually  listened to it all and when i did i cant believe it took so long...it is  sublime and traced Madonna as she began to experiment musically as  artiste...     Also while your buying it...pick up Bedtime Stories  too! you wont regret it!
0026009102|4.0|Just wanted to share my two-cents.  The Fountainhead as a very very good book with very well developed characters and themes.  I can understand why it lasted through the test of time!
0684869713|1.0|keep me alive inside. This book is not a good lesson in how to think. If you would like to live in a democracy please say no.
0590353403|4.0|If you like magic you should read Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.  It's about a boy named Harry Potter and he finds out he's a wizard.  He goes to a school called Hogwarts and he learns magic.  He doesn't know it  but he's on a daring adventure.  You should read this book and find out  what happens.
B00000017K|5.0|Parallel Lines is possibly the best pop album of all time....right from the high powered fury of Hanging On The Telephone to the high vamp ferocity  of Go Away.Heart Of Glass sounds as sublime as the day you first heard  it,whilst Blondie die-hards can only ponder why Pretty Baby was never  released as a single.  Parallel Lines is described as the Breakthrough  lp  for the 70's new-wavers..and it is...although  earlier Blondie albums like  the self-titled debut and the punky Plastic Letters are too worth checking  out...it is in my opinion that if Blondie had remained to be as their  CBGB's incarnation of the Plastic Letters era...their success as an   international supergroup would never have occured. Parallel Lines,due to  Mike Chapman's slick production,catapulted them to become the most popular  band of their era....and enforced Debbie Harry to become the most instantly  recognised and  beautiful woman of the whole music scene.    My advice to  you is simple....if you dont already have a copy...buy this album today..it  is an essential for all music collections.If you like  pop(Pretty  baby;Picture This:Sunday Girl),punk(One Way Or Another;Hanging On The  Telephone;Will  Anything Happen)or simply yearn for all things   experimental like the disco influenced Heart Of Glass or the futuristic  Fade Away And Radiate... this is the album for you...forget opting for a   compilation album...buy Parallel Lines...all tastes are catered for and i  defy anyone to argue with me...Every one loves this album and you will too!
B00000490M|4.0|Even if you didn't already know this was from the director of Rocky, you might suspect it anyway.  Is there anyone who hasn't seen this film?  It's one of the true '80s icons - put it in a time capsule.  Saw it twice in the  theater back in '84 as a kid.  Still remember jumping in my seat at the  loud &quot;BONG&quot; when Pat Morita clapped his hands together before  fixing Ralph Macchio's leg.  Anyone who says they didn't get chills when  Daniel defeated Johnny at the end (don't think I'm giving anything away  there) is either lying or evil.  What red-blooded American male kid was not  practicing the &quot;Krane Technique&quot; for months after seeing The  Karate Kid?  Come on, admit it.  I bet anyone reading this right now could  still give a rough demonstration.  To this very day, if you say &quot;wax  on, wax off&quot;, people know what you're talking about.  Mr.Miyagi  (that's Miya-&quot;gi&quot;, not &quot;ji&quot;) is second only to Yoda as  far as screen sages.  Even Ralph Macchio becomes likeable once you get past  the initial irritation.  And to snobs (a.k.a. critics) who call this a  by-the-numbers teen wish-fulfillment story: SO WHAT.  This  &quot;simplistic&quot;, &quot;predictable&quot; movie will be remembered  long after most critical darlings pass into oblivion.  And for good reason.
0679746048|5.0|An inside look of the horrors that face those who dare to vocally express what &quot;sane people&quot; only think about.  This book was an easy must-read that kept the pages turning.
0670813028|5.0|A group of unlikely teenagers band together to fight a force of evil that manifests as your own personal nightmare. I found this story completely engrossing and very moving. As usual, King doesn't just send chills up your  spine; he gives you something to think about. This book addresses realistic  issues of horror: racism, child abuse, religious prejudice, and teenage  hate crimes. However, the book is never preachy. It's King at his best,  sharing heartfelt insight and a generous serving of scares!
B00000I5Y6|5.0|This album takes me back to my college days as a music major, and I love these songs. &quot;Dust in the Wind&quot; is my favorite. It had beautiful lyrics and guitar parts back then which have lasted to the present. The  testimonial of the timeless song writing in it is to hear Sarah Brightman's  rendition of if in her &quot;One Night in Eden&quot; album. Full orchestral  accompaniment was added, but the guitar parts needed no changes or  expansions. It's a stunning piece. I had fun playing Kansas' rendition and  then Brightman's for my two sons ages 9 and 11. They could see how well  written it was and how the two different vocalists' renditions gave such a  differing flavor to the same piece.
0380730405|4.0|I've given this book four, rather than five stars because I haven't read many books which I thought were perfect.  Even this one has its flaws (such as a rather pedestrian narrative style).  But those flaws are minor in  comparison to the truly compelling characters and gripping tale woven by Du  Maurier.  I only just recently read this for the first time and I was  surprised to find that it was a much better read than I thought it would  be.  I love the Hitchcock movie and was worried that the book wouldn't be  as good, but boy was I wrong!  The suspense is chilling from the moment the  new Mrs. De Winter arrives at Manderley.  Du Maurier's greatest achievement  is to have created a narrator who is so young and inexperienced that  Rebecca (who of couse is never present in the novel) seems more alive than  our heroine!  In a way, the heroine (who remains unnamed, in what must be  one of the master strokes of the novel) becomes more interesting as she,  like Mrs. Danvers, becomes more and more obsessed with the dead Rebecca.  The slight hint of a lesbian attachment between Rebecca and  &quot;Danny&quot; adds spice to the otherwise conventional romance aspect  of the novel.  In fact, I found this story interesting as a tale of  intimate relationships between women - even Maxim, the main male in the  book fades into the background as Rebecca beomes more prominent in  everyone's memory.  I could not put this down and was glad to find that I  liked it as much as the movie!
0345350499|5.0|No matter how many new books come out, after reading a few, I unfailingly come back to &quot;The Mists of Avalon.&quot; The size of the novel always seems intimidating at first, and then before I know it, I'm turning the  last page. And despite the ache in my wrists from holding up the giant  literary beauty, I can't help but wish it would never end.   &quot;Mists&quot; is really that good. :0)
0783230621|4.0|I liked this movie alot, it was suspenceful and fun. I also appreciated the DTS (it was worth the extra $)
B00000DGUG|5.0|I think this is one of her best cd's! If your not as familiar with her work, this shoul dbe the first cd you buy!  ALL the songs are awesome and i cant stop listening to the cd over and over and over.... (you get the  point) Dont worry, this is well worth your money!
B00001WRM2|5.0|At first i was a bit un-easy seeing if it will be as good as Enter the 36th Chambers but as soon as i put the first track i was amazed at how much they've progressed in two years not only did some of the members bring out  solo albums but there style was still fresh from day one but even more  fresher. After hearing the whole album i felt revived and clensed and  previliged to hear the Wu-Tang Clan back on one album,
B000002HEP|5.0|just listen to gardenia,demon cleanerand whitewater then you will know that this is easily  the greatest album ever made
B00000GJ2B|1.0|Lousy movie. Almost as bad as Lost in Space. I found it very amateurish - particularly the unsubtle operatic opening - and sunk with the weight of its own pretensions. I was a big De Niro fan after Godfather 2 and he's  probably the only interesting thing about this movie. But I couldn't stand  the little guy who swears a lot. Watching this movie was like being hit in  the head repeatedly with a sock full of vomit. If it's a good boxing movie  you're after try Fat City. Guaranteed no pretensions. And no overeating.
B000001A3H|5.0|from the start of this album kyuss starts jamming into thumb then green machines heaviness sets the pace for the rest of the album freedom run is a virtual masterpiece and writhe is a sarcastic gem kyuss prove on this album  that not only can they rock but they can also be very trippy
B000003TAR|5.0|Really, it's a corrosive album. Raw, powerful, basically scary. I like this one better then &quot;Nevermind,&quot; but I'm not sure I'd rank it as high as &quot;Unplugged.&quot; This album, with Steve Albini behind the  boards is one of the most frightening albums ever committed to tape.
0395645662|5.0|Even though I read it a long time ago.It touched me deeply.It pointed out the views of life.And showed how harsh life can be.My opinion may not count but you should read this book.
B00000253N|5.0|Others may disagree, but it seems to me that this album was the singular turning point of Dylan's career.  Here we can see the early folk and &quot;beat&quot; influence (with its complete immersion in the *details* of  &quot;commoner&quot; life) slowly giving way to a superstar realizing his  power.  At this instant, a profound poetry is the defining element in  Dylan's voice and, ironically, signals his eventual turning inward that  will lead to the generally vapid, contrived, and overwrought productions  from that time on (sorry, fans).  Never again will Dylan achieve this lack  of selfconsciousness coupled with the actual fact that he is producing  extremely moving music.
6304415346|5.0|The best of the series.  At least as good as Wrath of Khan.  This flick begins solidly mired in the tension of a Federation under siege by the Borg Collective: the one enemy the crew has never really beaten. <br />The film is  incredibly well done.  The story, set in the post-Atomic 22nd century,  alternates between two conflicts: the possibility that the Borg may have  altered history and thwarted the original beginnings of the Federation; and  the fact that the Borg are aboard the Enterprise taken it and the crew one  by one.  The tension as Picard, Data and Worf march to confront the Borg is  heartstopping.  It's kill or be assimmilated.  Data's capture by the Borg  Queen is fascinating as we all want to understand the origins and  organization of the Collective.  The original score is fantastic, a walk on  the outside of the ship is really cool, and Capt. Picard's futile  grudge-match with the Queen add incredible verve to this film.  <br />With  these newly souped-up Borg, ever so much scary than the tv incarnations,  you're bound to agree with Lily, &quot;Jean-Luc, blow up the damned  ship!&quot;
6300251616|5.0|What if the Enterprise's Engineering Officer was a janitor who happened to come aboard just as Scotty died in an accident...and everyone pretended not to notice because they can't return to base until the mission is done?   What if J. T. Kirk was killed by a short circut in his chair, and had to be  put on ice, consulted as a dream-drunk oracle by his crew only in the  greatest of emergencies?  What would it be like to be onboard a spaceship  with a homicidally bored hillbilly? What if the only 'new life' you'd  encountered was a &quot;cute&quot; lifeform like a beachball with feet  imbued with the playful malignity of a cat playing with a mouse?  Have you  ever wondered just how dangerous a high-tech elevator could be?  What if a  powerful bomb, created with the intelligence to destroy a planet, were  continually thwarted in its quest to explode, and had to be repeatedly  cadged and coddled into putting off its detonation until AFTER it leaves  the bomb-bay?  What would YOU say to it, smart guy? This film is flat out  hilarious.  Sure its old and the effects look hokey - it was made with a  budget of next to nothing.
B00000ILE6|5.0|This is the best film in the series, which is saying something. \\"Aliens\\" is a classic tale of a  reluctant hero. It reinvents the terrified, resourceful Ripley as a  hard-nosed realist.  She bravely faces her fears by revisiting the  planetoid where her former crew first encountered the aliens. Every time I  see this, Weaver's tortured Ripley takes my breath away.      The directing  is flawless, contrasting an isolated  Ripley against the goofy camaraderie  of the Marines.  The building of tension is splendidly done with a pulse  monitor as background music when the team makes their last stand against  the aliens.  Everyone in the film is fantastic, from the ones who die  without knowing what hit 'em to the terrified, bitter and stressed grunts  left standing.  The best part is the end when the credits roll.  The music  is like a peaceful silence.  Just what you need after all that excitment.
B000002KCC|4.0|As with much of the music of the late 60s and early 70s, this set of songs is heavily drug-influenced and very creative.  However, it was sloppily and crudely recorded, but perhaps because of this, it is raw and unadorned  (like Lennon's &quot;Mother&quot; album).  Therein lies its strength.   There are some great melodies here (&quot;Mellow My Mind&quot;,  &quot;Borrowed Tune&quot;)and all Neil Young fans should own this CD,  especially if they enjoyed &quot;Harvest&quot; and &quot;After the Gold  Rush&quot;.
B00002E23H|3.0|This movie started off extremely slow and the special effects weren't that great.  There were a couple of times where the sharks actually looked like cartoons.  LL Cool J added the much needed comic relief after phony shark  attacks.  And it was totally unbelievable at the end when the only two  surviors were laughing and joking after killing the last shark.
B000001ELP|3.0|This Kiss release has always polarised fans;either they love it or they hate it.I blame Bob Erzin for thinking that just because he had a major sucess producing Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall&quot; and the Alice Cooper  concept album's,that a concept album would be perfect for Kiss.I also blame  Gene Simmons for writing an almost incomprehensible storyline to go with  it.That said,this album is not as bad as people say it is.True,it has some  clunkers: &quot;Just A Boy&quot;,&quot;Darklight&quot;.It has it's  classics,too: &quot;A World Without Heroes&quot;,&quot;I&quot;,&quot;The  Oath&quot;.Ace hated this album so much,he only contributed one song(which  Gene made him rewrite to fit the confusing concept).Kiss' record company  refuesed to promote this disc,and Kiss refused to tour behind it.To top it  all off,some idiot stuffed up the track order,so what made little sense now  made no sense(this has since been rectified).no wonder this album  flopped.Now it can  be viewed as an honourable failure;and when you put it  against some later Kiss albums,it sounds pretty damn good!
B000003TA4|5.0|...but i'm not going to. i'll admit, i purchased this because it was famous; it was a pop phenom. i felt as a music fan of the 90s, i had to own it. i kept it, though, because it was good. tracks 6 and on are when i  learned to love nirvana. if you can't, that's your loss. the world is no  worse for your inappreciation of damn fine songwritting.
0790735172|5.0|This is the best martial arts movie ever.  Best written, best acted.  Not the best fight scenes, that title goes to return of the dragon or chinese connection, but overall the best ever.
B000000WG4|4.0|As a kid, I remember watching the movie &quot;The Exorcist&quot; and falling in love with it's theme music.  Years later (like 1997) I was browsing a CD store's racks and came across &quot;Orchestral Tubular  Bells&quot;.  I ran home to play it and fell in love with it.  Finally,  browsing through Amazon.com's music section, I search for Tubular Bells and  came across what I now realize is the TRUE theme music from the movie.   Mike Oldfield, in my opinion, borders on genious.  He provides so many  different moods within these 2 cuts it's absolutely amazing.  Considering I  was accustomed to an orchestra (Philadelphia Philharmonic) performing these  pieces, Oldfield's original is fantastic.  Orchestral has a deeper sounds,  but obviously with more instruments.  It's a must buy if you like Oldfield,  the movie or classical music.
B000002BBY|3.0|I don't understand you Brits. With so many great  bands to be proud of,why all the fuss over these guys. They are so mediocre compared to bands like Radiohead and Blur. These are the bands that continue the U.K.'s tradition  of REAL music that the Beatles, Stones and Floyd started.
B00000J7SO|5.0|This album belongs to the real fans of Dylan, i.e. those closest to his spirit. Any real Dylan's fan is interrogated by this album: &quot;Is your love in vain?&quot;, a song too reflective for some, almost unbearable. The  answer to this question follows as natural as it can be with  &quot;Senor&quot;.<br />And if you do not get the pure essence of this album,  then you must listen to his advice in &quot;Baby Stop Cryin'&quot;<br />This  is an album about real, hard, scaring truths that you will at some point  encounter. <br />Definitely, &quot;No Time to Think&quot; when you must face  yourself and the real nature of the man. An album you can count on in times  of spiritual struggle or if you want to know &quot;Where Are You  Tonight&quot;. <br />To listen this album, your hearts must have the courage  for the &quot;Changing of the Guards&quot;.<br />Absolutely, 5 stars on this  scale, 10 stars on the real scale.
B00000AFHM|5.0|Out of the rest of their selection, Arab Strap clearly defines what these Scots are really about. Yes it's melodramatic, but it's also witty, brilliant, heartwrenching, and beautifully poppy. This CD is a must for  anyone who feels that all other popular musicians have taken a wrong course  down the existential interstate.
B00000064G|5.0|Nick Drake has done the seemingly impossible-made me forget about Hitler whenever I see a VW roll down the street.  Now if only Scott Paper would use one of his songs I could erase the awful image of Al Dunlap from my  brain as well.
0679746048|5.0|I read this book in one sitting...that's how much I really enjoyed it.  The honest and brutal portrayal of Kaysen's two year stay in McLean hospital actually made me question my own sanity.  A great read for anyone  who has ever pondered about what the meaning of life really is.
B000031WD9|3.0|What was the point of releasing an unrated version of this movie? The only scene that was added was Jim on the counter with the pie (and this was included in the outtakes of the rated version). Plus, the scene in the  beginning involving Jim's dillema of what kind of Jim, Nadia would go for,  wasn't included. To me, there wasn't much of a difference between versions.  The movie itself is one of my all-time favorites and I recommend it to  anyone who hasn't already seen it. It's just that there was too much hype  surrounding this &quot;unrated&quot; version. My advice, go with the rated  version instead.
6302732786|5.0|this is an amazing concert video, it brings together all sorts of perforomers who obviously respected Freddie Mercury and Queen. The performance of George Michael singing &quot;somebody to love&quot; is  incredible, he did not stray from Freddie's formula, which proves a great  respect for an amazing showman. It's a very moving video, not only for the  music, but for the meaning.
B000002J09|5.0|Why do so many beatles and stones fans keep on bashing this album?  I'll tell you why.  Look up the words envious and jealousy.        Hey you zep fans, I AM SICK OF TIRED OF YOU GUYS BASHING STAIRWAY.  Please stop hurting  this song. Why do I say this? Just look at the vh1 results, they have  satisfaction and respect over staiway....unbelievable
0793927501|4.0|Despite having a title that makes me want to whip out a razor and shave my beard off, The Edge throws a couple of panty-waists into the wilderness and forces them to survive by wits alone. Wits. Remember those little cells,  gray in hue, perfect in a pinch?   As written by playwright David  Mamet, The Edge comes across as a slightly goofy Jack London story, where  jet-setters and shallow business types take the place of grizzled codgers  and naive hikers. But like a brisk walk on a chilly October night, The Edge  might just put a little blush in your cheeks.
0694003611|1.0|I hate to disagree with everyone else that raves about this book, but...  I don't see the allure to this book.  My son found it acceptable, but nothing special.  I didn't enjoy the cadence, premise, and it made no sense to me at all.
0800187792|4.0|Poet Seamus Heaney once wrote about the &quot;Death of a Naturalist,&quot; but in Fly Away Home the spirit of the hippy-dippy tree-hugger is resurrected. And that's a good thing! <br />An achingly beautiful ode to  flight (metaphorical and literal) and family, the story is simple enough.  Amy Alden (Anna Paquin) loses her mom in a car crash on a rain-slick New  Zealand road. Estranged dad Thomas (Jeff Daniels) drags the kid back to  Canada where his sculptures and off-kilter experiments with flying don't  exactly endear Amy to her pop. It's not until she rescues a gaggle of goose  eggs, raises the chicks, and becomes their humanoid mommy that the pair of  lost souls can find a way to reconnect and lead the geese south for the  winter.<br />Once you get a load of Caleb Deschanel's phenomenal  cinematography the visual poem will be complete. For Fly Away Home sends a  graceful air-gram through the skies with the greatest of ease.
B000023VTQ|5.0|This entire movie can be described in one simple word- fabulous. I love this movie so much I watched it two times in two days. Notting Hill is one of those movies that just gets better every time you see it. It made me  laugh; it made me cry, and then it made me laugh some more. Julia Roberts  is fabulous, and Hugh Grant couldn't be better. Notting Hill is the best  movie I have seen in a long, long time. If you are in the mood for a  romantic comedy, then this is the perfect movie.  I highly recommend it.
0679746048|2.0|It got kind of boring after a while. The beginning was interesting
B000023VR6|5.0|Ladies &amp; Gents! I'll understand if you can't stand the bad language - So if you're easily offended, try to shut your eyes and simply hear the rythym, for this is probably going to become one of the best Rap/Hip-Hop  albums ever made! I knew something big was up when Time Magazine (no less)  did an interview with &quot;The Doctor&quot; on his impending release, late  in 1999.<br />Dre is the greatest at merging the old with the new and to  paraphrase the old TSOP/Gamble &amp; Huff mantra, &quot;There's a new  message in the music&quot;. I own a lot of barely used rap CD's - Chronic  2001 will not suffer that fate. <br />Other reviewers can tell you about the  songs. I'm just going to suggest you own the whole album. 2001 will not  bore and I predict it's going to become a classic - cuss words and all!
B0000025RI|5.0|Let me tell you something about this album. This is one of the top albums of the 80s. It won eight Grammy Awards and a whole boat load of awards. I don't know who you think you are saying he can't sing. You just jealous  because you don't have a beautiful voice like Michael. And you are going to  have the nerve to say Janet has a voice like angel? Give me a break! She  can't sing. He has been singing before she was even born. For all you  people who read that disrespecting review, Michael is a better singer and  performer than Janet. Don't regret buying this album, it's worth it.
B000023VR6|5.0|Ladies &amp; Gents! I'll understand if you can't stand the bad language - So if you're easily offended, try to shut your eyes and simply hear the rythym, for this is probably going to be one of the best Rap/Hip-Hop albums  ever made! I knew something big was up when Time Magazine (no less) did an  interview with &quot;the Doctor&quot; on this release late in 1999.<br />The  &quot;Doctor&quot; is the greatest at merging the old with the new and to  paraphrase the old TSOP/Gamble &amp; Huff mantra, &quot;There's a new  message in the music&quot;. I own a lot of barely used rap CD's - Chronic  2001 will not suffer that fate. <br />Other reviewers can tell you about the  songs. I'm just going to suggest you own the whole album. 2001 will not  bore and I predict it's going to become a classic - cuss words and all!
B00001U0GQ|4.0|Michael Mann's &quot;Last of the Mohicans&quot; is a truly great epic which promises to endure for years to come.  I've watched this movie countless times in different formats (LD/VHS/VCD) and, needless to say, I  found the DVD version the best of the lot.  <br />This Director's Cut version  has quite a number of additional footage which helps explain  inconsistencies in the standard version.  In the original release for  instance, more people jumped into/rode the two canoes escaping the Hurons  than the group which (eventually) emerged outside the falls.  This DVD  version actually shows a person falling off the boat, which explains the  seeming discrepancy.  Also a longer fight sequence during the fort seige,  with the British tactic of firing their weapons simultaneously actually  showing some merit by working against the French for a change(this was  never shown to be effective against the Hurons in the original).  Finally,  a very thought-provoking and somewhat prophetic  speech by Chingachkook  (did I spell it right?  Probably not!) in the end, also surprisingly absent  in the original, caps off the movie perfectly.<br />I would have given 5 stars  to this had they included more features, such as a making of featurette or  maybe even the standard release.  Retaining Clannad's theme would likewise,  in my opinion, have been a better alternative to the somewhat repetitious  (although still awesome!) instrumental music.  I hope they eventually come  out with a special edition.  <br />All-in-all, though, this is still an  excellent investment and worthwile addition to anyone's DVD collection.
6305718954|2.0|The movie had a good story at its core, but it never really tries to add up to anything meaningful. Loud for the sake of being loud, heavy-handed when delivering any sort of moral, and confused at times about its own  plot, Stigmata goes nowhere.
B000002A3T|3.0|Musically it sounds like Pink Floyd, lyrically it pales.  <br />The two songs which are true stand-outs are the instrumental &quot;Marooned&quot; and the single &quot;Keep Talking&quot; (which sonically reminds me of something  from the Animals album).<br />Everything else is just ok.
0553278223|5.0|Using references from other stories really brought me into this book.  The story `Usher II' really grabbed my attention.  Ray Bradbury uses Poe for most of this story, and when he started with the Amontillado, I knew the  rest of the chapter, and Bradbury did an excellent job redoing this great  short story, and it really shows the evilness of Stendahl
B000002MG1|5.0|When I first heard this CD, I was a bit disappointed that there was only one &quot;rocker&quot;, Ignoreland.<br />My thoughts today are that this CD, more than any before or since, demonstrates REM's outstanding songwriting  skills.  A collection of low-key, organic (meaning heavy on the acoustic)  songs show a tremendous amount of proficiency in writing melody and  lyrics.<br />In the CD's standout track, &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot;, the  arrangement meshes perfectly with the lyrical content of the song:  confessional, open, and vunerable.<br />Musically, the songs aren't extremely  complicated, using simple/standard melodies and chord progressions.  This  doesn't in any way diminish the power of this music.  &quot;Automatic for  the People&quot; is the perfect example of developing the simplest musical  ideas for great impact.<br />This disc is essential to any collection.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This CD is just absolutely amazing. This CD is a combo of Korn, Pantera, and a lot of agression. I have never heard anything like this in my life. This is by far the best CD I have ever purchased in my life. There is not a  song on this CD that has disappointed me. Slipknot is one of a kind and  can't be touched by any band out there today.                KUDOS Slipknot
B000002LGW|5.0|Summer 1988, The Rosebowl-Pasadena, Time: 3:00 PM, Attendance 100,000+ Six different groups are scheduled to rock our world.  The finale: DM at 8:00 PM.  <br />5:45 PM the biggest food-fight in histoty is taking place at the  Rosebowl.  the crowd is going wild.<br />8:00 PM, it is about 100 degrees  outside and the the music starts.  PIMPF that is.  And believe it or not,  as soon as the screen drops, rain drops follow and the crowd goes  wild.<br />Jan 14, 2000.  I am listening to the 101 album for the ?  time  reliving that incredible night.  AWSOME CD.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This CD is just absolutely amazing. This CD is a combo of Korn, Pantera, and a lot of agression. I have never heard anything like this in my life. This is by far the best CD I have ever purchased in my life. There is not a  song on this CD that has disappointed me. Slipknot is one of a kind and  can't be touched by any band out there today.                KUDOS Slipknot
B0000399WI|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF THOSE MOVIES THAT HOLDS YOU AND DOESN'T LET GO.  YOU FELL ALL SORT OF EMOTIONS DURNING THE COURSE OF THIS MOVIE.  YOU LAUGH, CRY, EVERYTHING.  AND IT HAS A RARE AND UPLIFTING HAPPY ENDING.
B000002HH2|5.0|This CD sat on my shelf for about a year (ouch) while I listened to other things.  My mistake.  Bjork teams up with slew of producers and musicians, and manages to get a collection that's eclectic and yet all fits together.   Her thicker-than-thick accent is still in place, so you may have to listen  harder than you'd care to (thankfully, there's a lyric sheet).  I always  liked &quot;Army of Me&quot;, but that track isn't the highlight here by a  long way.  &quot;Hyper-Ballad&quot; is superb (and intriguing), and it's  fun to hear Bjork have fun (as she obviously is) on &quot;It's Oh So  Quiet&quot;.  I loved the lyrics to &quot;Possibly Maybe&quot; - the music  was just a bit off for me, though.  I also enjoyed &quot;I Miss You&quot;  and &quot;Isobel&quot;.  The closing track (&quot;Headphones&quot;) was the  only one to not make much impression on me.  Maybe too weird for committed  pop-philes, perhaps too pop for the truly out-there, but the rest of us can  enjoy this.  I plan on making up for the last twelve months...
6303014100|5.0|i saw this movie when i was in history/english block class in the 7th grade and i loved it!  sure we saw 'glory'--by the way i loved that too--and studied the civil war, it never actually impacted us until we saw  it ourselves.  then we read/acted out the screenplay and it was great!   then on my own that summer i read michael shaara's book and found it a  great read!  i love that book and is in the harsh fav. booklist i have!   i've also read the ones by jeff, michael shaara's son, and they too are  great!  but this movie was amazing!  people who write and say that it was  untruthful at parts and leaves out parts i've got a couple of common  phrases for you...'it's a movie' and 'money, money, money!'.  it took a  long to make the movie and i'm sure they spent a whole heck of a lot!  plus  it's a movie...it's main purpose is entertainment.  anyway, this started my  fascination with the civil war and especially with my hero and mentor  Joshua L. Chamberlain...i love that man.:)  though i will never forget the  other men and women deeply invovled in the war.  i'm in college now and  have chamberlain posted on my wall to remind me about what kind of person i  want to become.  read up on him and the war, i think that was one of the  main purposes that r. maxwell did the movie.  he's also getting ready to do  the prequel and sequal starting in the spring/summer 2000!  can't wait!    *i like to dedicate this review to ms. henderson @ redmond jr. high!   thanks for being a great teach. and intro. us to this awsome movie!  and to  last but not least to chamberlain, the 20th maine men, the cast/crew of  this movie, and the brave men who fought!  you truly are heros and may your  lives never be forgotten. pps. if anyone knows where ms. henderson is tell  her to email me.  and anyone else interested in talking to a chamberlain  buff send me an email, i'm always looking for a fellow buffer and renactor  as a friend.:)
6303855466|5.0|No slapstick here. All wit and subtle humor seldom seen even in English comedy nowadays. The portrayal of small town pride and passion in this film is superb.
6303014100|5.0|i saw this movie when i was in history/english block class in the 7th grade and i loved it!  sure we saw 'glory'--by the way i loved that too--and studied the civil war, it never actually impacted us until we saw  it ourselves.  then we read/acted out the screenplay and it was great!   then on my own that summer i read michael shaara's book and found it a  great read!  i love that book and is in the harsh fav. booklist i have!   i've also read the ones by jeff, michael shaara's son, and they too are  great!  but this movie was amazing!  people who write and say that it was  untruthful at parts and leaves out parts i've got a couple of common  phrases for you...'it's a movie' and 'money, money, money!'.  it took a  long to make the movie and i'm sure they spent a whole heck of a lot!  plus  it's a movie...it's main purpose is entertainment.  anyway, this started my  fascination with the civil war and especially with my hero and mentor  Joshua L. Chamberlain...i love that man.:)  though i will never forget the  other men and women deeply invovled in the war.  i'm in college now and  have chamberlain posted on my wall to remind me about what kind of person i  want to become.  read up on him and the war, i think that was one of the  main purposes that r. maxwell did the movie.  he's also getting ready to do  the prequel and sequal starting in the spring/summer 2000!  can't wait!    *i like to dedicate this review to ms. henderson @ redmond jr. high!   thanks for being a great teach. and intro. us to this awsome movie!  and to  last but not least to chamberlain, the 20th maine men, the cast/crew of  this movie, and the brave men who fought!  you truly are heros and may your  lives never be forgotten. pps. if anyone knows where ms. henderson is tell  her to email me.  and anyone else interested in talking to a chamberlain  buff send me an email, i'm always looking for a fellow buffer and renactor  as a friend.:)
6302548195|5.0|I like to tell anyone out there who enjoys fitness or body building have to see this video, with the words of Arnold &quot;no matter what ...&quot;.This video shows you in a briliant way what it means to be on the  top or to be the best.It gives you a feeling that pumps you up. you want to  be a part of that group of young individuans who shares a dream of being  the best in body building. They tell people about their dreams, their  attitudes and their lifes. This video shows Arnold in a way that people  never  thought about, as a young man who likes to joke, go to the gym hang  out with people like him who treat him as Arnold the trainingspartner not  the future movie star who earns millions of dollar to make a movie.It also  shows the guys who are always second best, but also great buddies. There is  no jealousy, just one big family.<br />if anyone got this awesome videotape  and sells it, please send me a message at akittler@hotmail.com because i  only got a copy and i think everyone should have the original tape at home.
B000005J48|5.0|No need to say more than the title
B000006045|4.0|Massive Attack the trio who hail from Bristol, England, have done it again with the album Mezzanine.From first track to the last this album is pure craftwork. Tracks to listen to are risington, and listen carefully to Man  next door to hear a guitar sample of the Cure's 10:15 on a saturday night.  A cool and mellow album one for late nights and bad weather to really get  the soul enhancing feel of this album. Liz's voice just floats over the  music. If you enjoy this album hunt down Massive Attack VS Mad Proffesor  &quot; No Protection&quot;, a good mixed up album to be a total contrast to  Mezzanine. In my opinion Massive Attacks best yet.
B0000296SI|4.0|I just recently got this cd (Enema of the State) for Christmas. It's a great cd and I love all their punk on there. 'The Party Song' is a cool song too.
0451198492|4.0|2001 is an increadible science fiction novel that takes you on an adventure that points to the creation of mankind.  When a mysterious monolith is discovered on the moon, it is dug up and points a signal to the  outer solar system.  A manned mission already headed that way is altered to  discover what exactly the signal leads to.  I loved the book, and recomend  it to anyone that likes science fiction.
0440234743|5.0|As have all of Grisham's work, Testament kept me turning pages well into the night.  But 'Testament' is not wholly typical of this fine author's work.  This time, the courtroom drama takes a distant second to the  excitement of the action taking place in the South American jungle, where  our hero, a recovering addict and jaded lawyer, braves dark swamps,  over-sized snakes and reptiles, as well as questionably friendly natives,  and the temptation of the bottle, to seek out the reluctant heir to a  billion-dollar fortune.  While this book does not lack Grisham's typical  hero's yearning to escape from the confining and miserable practise of law,  it does lack the perfidious threats and violence of Grisham's view of  greedy Corporate America.  Nor do we get to meet organized crime figures.   The bad guys in 'Testament' possess enough greed to go around, but fall  short of his usual violence, which is left to the vagaries of the Peruvian  jungle.
0440219078|4.0|I liked how this book entered you into a world that you don't know of.  The rules, jobs, daily life and the mystery made you wonder. I did get confused though at times by trying to figure out all the things that some of the jobs this group of people required and the mystery of things these  people didn't have like us.For example, they don't have color, black and  white is all they see.  I would recommend this book to the type who like  curious, and &quot;in the future&quot; books.
6305657939|1.0|Without revealing the ending, Thomas Crown donates one of his own paintings to replace the stolen Monet.  Everything that happens after that is pointless.  Thomas Crown may be handsome and charming, yet he  deliberately makes Catherine jealous to test her and he encourages her to  become a fugitive.  He does nothing but jerk her around, yet she falls in  love with him.  I don't know what Catherine saw in Crown or what he saw in  her.  At first, she dated him just to get the painting back and then she  turned into a whiny, weak clinging vine.  The sex scene on the marble  staircase looked too uncomfortable to be believable.  Rene Russo topless on  the beach was unnecessary.  Faye Dunaway played Crown's psychiatrist, but  considering his behavior, she wasn't helping him.  Crown mispronounced  Lima, Ohio.  (It's like the bean, not the city in Peru.)  It's possible  that Crown wouldn't know this, but Catherine was from there and she didn't  correct him.  The soundtrack, except for &quot;The Windmills of Your  Mind&quot; was intolerable.  People have said it was nice to see the  over-40 Rene Russo in this sexy role.  I've read that the frist choice for  this role was Cameron Diaz.
0517122707|2.0|That little mysterious box that pops up at the wrong time, while you're typing a note for eternity in your journal--well, &quot;what's this&quot;?  That happened to my brain, while reading this book.  It was purplexing and  inescapable.  The book is propelled at a frantic pace, with an almost manic  urgency, until it ends, winding down, until one hopes that the author can  get some sleep. The rapid movement is good, because there is no plot to  further puzzle us.<br />I missed this book, when the original hoopla  occurred--don't know how; I was reading &quot;Earthly Powers&quot; and  Dorothy Sayers and Barbara Pym, so that I could better understand my  dislike of Episcopalians.  Here, however, the question is where is the  satire?  I was expecting a modern Swift or Voltaire.  Instead, I get a  work, where the anger is palpable in every word.  Toole can't be poking fun  at purple prose, because this may  the best in the English language. It''s  just too good, but here's the other problem.  Toole loses aesthetic  distance.  One is never sure whether it is Toole, being omnipotent or  Ignatius, writing well.  I did laugh a couple of times at a well placed  witticism or a character foible that would appear from nowhere.<br />Off the  top of my head, I think of some other contemporary suicides, Diane Arbus in  photography, Jerzy Kosinski, Ernest Hemingway, Sylvia Plath . . .  All were  commensurate craftspersons, like the composer, Salieri(boring!) They share  something else in common, an unfathomable hoplessness and a naive kind of  nihilism, which in Hemingway, I admired as teenager, as in &quot;A Clean  Well-Lighted Place.&quot;  When Ghandi was asked what he thought of Western  Civilization?  He replied, &quot;I think it would be a good idea.&quot;   Civilization may have ended, after we dropped the bomb and really  disappear, whenever we do a Hitler, as in Cambodia or Yugoslavia, or  Northern Ireland, or Rwanda . . . My own poetry often makes Plath's appear  cheerful, but mine is therapy.  The problem with these peoples' nihilism is  that it will kill you.
B00000J7J4|5.0|What more is there to be said about this CD? the Track &quot;Smooth&quot; will be getting listeners in by the droves but the one that really stands out to me is no.7 &quot;Maria, Maria&quot; this is the &quot;West Side  Story&quot; for this Millenium I love it. As a 40 something listener I  really think that this CD will introduce Santana to the younger generations  and hopefully they will buy more of his music. Another Track that stands  out is no.6 &quot;Do you like the way&quot; with Lauryn Hill. Do yourself a  favour and get hold of this CD you will be glad you did.
B00002DE2L|5.0|I have many recordings of the Four Seasons, my  favorite being two by the I Musici, both different seasons from different years, wonderful renditions.  My memory of the best live performance was of Andor Toth in  Colorado, as a kid.  I even have a thrilling effort by a Japanese Koto  Ensemble and saw one arrangement for harps, in the record store.  I have  long been impressed by Ms. Sophie-Mutter's Mozart but heard her do the Berg  on TV.  I went out and immediately bought the Vivaldi, it being the only  one of her records in the store.  I heard a recording or the Philadelphia,  owned by a colleague, on the way to a gig once. It featured Ansel Brusilov,  as soloist.  Up to now for technical wizardry and musicality, that's the  one I had been searching for.  Alas, non-existent.  This one with Annie  Sophie-Mutter, however, gave me goosebumps.  Such technique, such music,  such feeling . . .!
0553573403|5.0|Fantasy is my own personal favorite. I have been reading from Tolkien and Dragon Lance to the Farseer trilogy and the Discworld series. If any of these is worth the paper they're written on then, in comparison, this one's  worth it's weight in gold! Never have I encountered a book which can drive  one's imagination into a thickly weaved story with such vivid images.  Martin's particular brilliance has created a wonderful masterpiece -  fascinating, suspensing, realistic and fantastic all over, making it the  best fantasy story I have EVER read! Do not miss!
B000005HN6|5.0|Orchid is an amazing and successful debut, but should not have been unexpected considering the brilliance and maturity of Opeth. At this point Opeth came out of nowhere: no demos were needed to sign this band to  Candlelight. All that was needed was a rehearsal tape. This release shows  why. I never would have guessed that this was a debut album. The songs are  complex and mature, the melodies are well thought out and emotional, and  the production is flawless. This description ultimately doesn't do justice  to the music, though. As many people say, you need to hear an Opeth album  to believe it. This is my second favorite Opeth album, after the new \\"Still  Life\\". The albums are years apart and really have no business being  compared to each other, so I won't. Orchid strikes out against two  increasingly sterile and bland genres: death metal and black metal. Many  say it is a combination of the two, but it isn't. The sound is simply  reminiscent of the two genres. The guitars are beautifully harmonious and  clear, utilizing a \\"black metal sound\\", but really have nothing to do with  black metal. Some parts of the songs use the fast, but technical aspect of  death metal, but again, in no way represent death metal itself. Opeth  define their own genre here, and revel in it. The music soars with delight  sometimes, and at others is simply depressing. They are masters of  achieving emotion through music and lyrics. It's hard to know if you're  going to like this album. I've noticed that most, if not all fans of Opeth  avoid trends and popular bands. If you're that type of person and you enjoy  acousic guitar, black/death metal, and have an open mind, I'd suggest  trying this album out. It's the beginning of an incredible band, and at the  same time a testament to their genius.
B000031WD9|4.0|If you are a teenager aged 12-25 then you will know exactly what it was like to live each of these scenes. So painfully awkward you just want to stop them from finishing the scene.....HILARIOUS
B0000203Y5|5.0|It has been a Pure Joy to watch Buena Vista Social Club. I already had the CD for 2 years and it had urged me to search for more Cuban music. To see that there was a film about it, it was unbelievable! And I couldn't imagine  a more suitable director to make this documentary than Wenders, who knows  how to speak straight to the heart. Of course, he had all the help he could  get, in the so human faces of these old and forgotten but happy musicians.  It's been a lesson for all of us in the developed countries: money and fame  aren't always necessary to find and keep the soul. Compay and Ibrahim give  a lecture of beauty and life. You should listen to all the CDs they made  and especially if you can understand Spanish, what an experience! Songs  full of love and life, so different from today's cruel reality...
B00002Z88D|5.0|I didn't know Metallica very good before listening to this record. I only listened to a few songs on &quot;Garage Inc.&quot;. But the awesome music on the two discs of &quot;S&amp;M&quot; is one of the best things I've ever  heard. &quot;S&amp;M&quot; is a masterpiece in music history and nobody  should miss this incredible mix of the two greatest music styles in  history.
B00001QGPR|4.0|Nothing too overtly experimental with his brand new drag. Bowie emerges right where he belongs. Crafted pop songs with tinges of magic that have made his 70's catalogue inspiring. Nothing too challenging, but nonetheless  straight forward &quot;Bowie&quot; music. His last endevors, although  exciting could make a non fan alienated. Not this album about alienation.  Reflections and regrets are a running theme from a man who is married  blissfully to a super model and seeming quite comfortable being David Jones  moreover than Ziggy Stardust, The Thin White Duke, or even The  &quot;Lodger&quot;. Bowie is very involved and comfortable  in his music  and it shows. He takes control and the result has been very rewarding to  his fans and any casual music fan who gives this album a proper listen. His  Tenor is top form, and highlights include a remorseful &quot;Thusday  Child&quot;, a harrowingly dark &quot;Something in the Air&quot;, a hopeful  &quot;Survive&quot;, and a fun all out rocker in &quot;The Pretty Things  are Going to Hell&quot; Kudos to the man who fell to Earth, because this  time he landed standing straight on two feet with this album. While such of  his contempories give us &quot;light&quot; pop i.e. Phil Collins, Sting,  Rod Stewert, Elton John--David Bowie rewards us with a unique album of  &quot;David Bowie&quot; music.
B000005RFH|4.0|This first album from Sabbath is rather dated but has all the elements that made this band one of the greatest in Rock History. Ozzy's vocals, Geezer's Bass, Tony's guitar and Bill Ward's drumming are all good on this  album. None of them shine technically by today's standards but in those  days, circa 1970, these boys were practically the best in the  business.<br />Every song on this album is good, particularly 'Behind the wall  of sleep', 'N.I.B' , 'Evil Woman' and 'The warning'. Black Sabbath's debut  album broke new ground and is a milestone in the history of HEAVY METAL.  Without Sabbath  metal might not have developed have developed into the  best form of music in the world today (And by metal I mean TRUE METAL,  stuff like Manowar, Nocturnal Rites, Dio and Iron Maiden, not disgraceful  FALSE METAL like Korn and Limp Biscuit.)<br />Had been of a musically  appreciative age when this album was released (nine years before I was  born) it would have one of my favourites and would have got five stars  without a doubt. But with all the progress that has been made in the last  thirty years I can only give it four. Compared with some of the stuff Ozzy  and Sabbath were to go on to record this album seems very dated and  simplistic.<br />This is a must buy album for Sabbath fans but their later  stuff, and Ozzy's later stuff is far better.
B00001U0GQ|4.0|I was just as surprised as anyone to see the differences in the DVD version of this movie.  The first time I watched it I noticed that some of the key lines that my friends and I used to recite were deleted.  My first  viewing was definitely not favorable.  HOWEVER ... last night I sat down  and watched it again. Except for the editing glitches I found the movie  much more enjoyable. A arguement can be made that the song by Clannad(which  I love) and some of the lines definitely gave the movie entertainment value  however I am wondering if this is what Mr. Mann had in mind when he first  created the movie.  In the part with the deleted clannad song I found  myself much more engaged in the scenes despite there being no flashy music.   The extended running scenes really brought out the emotions of Hawkeye  trying to find Cora.<br />Perhaps this version is his way taking away some of  the glitter and giving us a more in depth experience.  This was how I felt  as I watched it for the second time.  If you have seen his other movies  like 'Heat' you know his style of placing you in the midst of story that  you don't want to end.  Maybe that was why Miami Vice was so popular.   <br />Bottom Line: This movie will be a different experience for you but don't  be critical.  Enjoy it for what it is and try see it from the director's  perspective instead of a hard to please consumer. If you are still not  satisfied you can find the VHS version relatively cheap now!  Enjoy the  music,the acting and the scenery ..get some good popcorn and relax. <br />The  only reason I am giving it four stars is because of some of the editing  glitches throughout the movie.  But get past those and it's all good!
B000006ZDR|5.0|This is an abseloute masterpiece! If E5150 ( A pretty pointless collection of boings, blips and occasional guitar notes)  was not present this album would be virtually flawless from start to finish. Apart form E5150, every  song rules. Dio's vocals are clear, powerful and evil. Geezers bass is  perfectly timed and musically awesome, both part of the rhythm section and  a key part of the melody at the same time. Tony Iommi has come a long way  with his guitaring since the early days of Black Sabbath. and even back  then he was very good. The riffs are superb, as are the solos. The riff  from Voodoo is particularly good, somehow simple yet elaborate in the same  way as AC/DC's 'Back in Black' (Although the actual riffs are in no way  similar). Vinnie Appice's drumming is top notch, adding additional  atmosphere to music which already has truckloads of it.<br /> Ronnie James  Dio's lyrics are very well written and his vocals fit perfectly into  sabbath's music. Ozzy is a good vocalist (and some of his solo albums are  among my favourites), but Dio's Vocals and Sabbath's music are a match made  in Heaven (Or Hell as the case may be, well this IS Black Sabbath) and  because of this, in my oppinion Sabbath with Dio is even better than  Sabbath with Ozzy.<br />This album is a must for Sabbath fans and anyone who  likes TRUE HEAVY METAL.
0060987464|5.0|I really liked this book. Marilyn Manson has a certain edge to him. I can understand his anti-Christian views and agree with a lot, but not all, of his beliefs. This book helps you understand what he is all about and  especially why he became the &quot;Anti-Christ.&quot; And don't take  anti-Christ like a typical Christian and avoid him at all costs. Because if  you do then you won't even understand what you are trying to avoid. He is a  human being still.
0780619587|5.0|This movie was excellant, From begening to end The drama and intensity of this movie goes to the extreames. Well worth the price to own and watch and watch again...
B000002KXO|5.0|Mirage is a great album! But if you want this album because your a Lindsey fan, don't buy it. His songs are the worst on Mirage. Stevie and Christine really sound great!     Love in Store is a very good song, I love the  words! My favorite part is when Stevie, Lindsey and Chris sing all together  at the end!     That's Alright is a country song, which Stevie sounds  excellent on (as usual)!     Gypsy, what can you say besides that it's  Stevie's best song on here!     Next is Only Over You. I can't listen to  Mirage without playing this at least twice. Christine was NOT trying to  make another Songbird. If you think this your nuts!     Straight Back is a  very different song that I can't explain! I said different not a bad song.        Hold Me is a great song. Christine and Lindsey's voices blend so good.  At first I wasn't too sure if I'd like it but it's excellent!     Wish You  Were Here is a very sad song, I cried the first time I heard it. Is it just  me or does the beginning sound like Silver Springs? Excellent song!     I  don't understand why people don't like Mirage, it's a great cd. As I said  Lindsey's songs are weak but the rest are worth it!
0964385619|3.0|The book gives a strong insight of financial freedom, yet the simplicity it presents could create misleading to some people understanding of the real financial world. I notice those who wrote the comment about this book  has lost some of the important points that the author tried to deliver.
B00000IPAX|1.0|They used to be punk rock on Dude Ranch, and i thought it was great.  then my tastes matured, and i stopped listeninng to them daily.  they grew old....         I heard on a commercial that they were comming out w/ a new  cd, and i was gonna save up and buy it, but it seemed that they sold out  way more than i imagined.   they arent PUNK, THEY ARE POP......STUFF THAT  ONLY TEEN AND PRETEEN GIRLS (LIKE MY SISTER, who i am now afraid that she  will actually take advice from these dopes...) CAN LIKE......they just want  money.....<br />IF YOU WANT REAL MUSIC, GO LISTEN TO METALLICA, OR  KORN OK?
B00000J7J4|5.0|For a deaf person like me, I really enjoyed this cd. The beats are incredible, it rattles your spine and soul! I found myself salsa-ing to 'Migra' and 'Prima Vera', a great workout for the hips! <br />Reading the  lyrics, half of the songs are in Spanish, half are in English, and I notice  the Spanish ones are with latin beats while the English ones are more  serious or uplifting. 'Wishing It Was' is a really nice way of  contradicting the good and bad. 'Smooth' is a great song for those with a  &quot;smooth&quot; one in their life. <br />The cd alleviates the yearning  pangs inside and allows you to feel like a latina chick (or latino babe)  dancing away to the beats, shamelessly. If you ever feel the blues, just  take out this cd and listen to it...and get lost in the colorful art of the  Supernatural-looking cd booklet!
0440211727|5.0|John Grisham's &quot;A TIME TO KILL&quot; is dynamite!  A very believable novel with a strong plot.  Carl Lee Hailey's 10-year-old daughter, Tonya, is raped by two remorseless, drunk white men.  Carl Lee takes revenge, and  kills them both with an M-16.  The story deals with the press, hatred, and  racism, including the Ku Klux Klan, before the trial begins, and for the  duration.  Very compelling, drawing you right into the story, and making  you join Jake Brigance, and all his troubles.  It's definitely not  predictable with happenings like Dr. Bass' felony, and Jake being fired by  Carl Lee.  Every once in a while there is some small humour, quite often  due to persistency on one topic, like the ostrich boots of Dr. Bass.  An  excellent book recommended to all readers that are at an intermediate, or  higher, level of reading.
B00000INEX|4.0|I think that the quality of the music and toys in Baby Bach are just as good as in Baby Einstein and Baby Mozart. But I do agree that the segments with the creator's kids are irritating and shouldn't have been included. My  husband also says that the older girl reminds him in a negative way of  Jon-Benet Ramsey. I'm looking forward to seeing Baby Shakespeare, where  I've been told there are other children present.<br />But despite that, I'm  glad I bought Baby Bach. My 2 year old son asks for it again and again, and  the music doesn't get annoying at all with endless repitition.
B000003AEB|5.0|Doggy style is the bomb. It is a must buy album and is a flagship for all rap artists of the future. it is by far Snoops best album. From the hard hitting sonds of Serial Killa to the mellow tunes like jin and juice, there  is not one bad track on the album. I cant fault it in any way. All thats  left to say is keep churning out these tunes snoop and u will live 4eva
B00000IOSU|5.0|I sure hope NO ONE turns down the chance of buying this record. Because if you do, you're missing the musical experience of a lifetime! This live record is so awesome. The music sounds so fine, it'll take your breath  away. The track &quot;Do What You Have To Do&quot;, is probably the best  love song a person could ever hear. Sarah Mclachlan is at her best on  Mirrorball!
B000003AEB|5.0|Snoops album doggy style is his greatest album ever, it is also arguably The greatest rap album ever. Snoops mallow sounds contrast with Dre's Hard hitting tunes which gives the album it's edge. Ther is no way you can fault  Doggy style. Every tune is a classic in it's own right, whether you like  the mellow sounds of &quot;Lodi Dodi&quot; or the hard hitting tracks like  &quot;Serial Killa&quot; and &quot;Pump Pump&quot;. There is something for  everyone on this album and it is a must buy for any rap fan.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This CD rocks.  Slipknot has saved rock from the hands of fake bands like Limp-Bizkit.  They come with orginal content.  Corey Taylor(8) sings about the struggles of life.  The three purcosinust helps to reconize as the only  real orginal band in music today.  This CD is a must have.
6300216039|5.0|This is a masterful work of art. Franco Zeffirelli did a breathtaking job of interpreting the play just how Shakespeare would have wanted it. Olivia Hussy makes a breathtaking Juliet, and the chemistry between the two young  lovers was portrayed beautifully. All in all it is a wonderfull veiwing  experience and I highly recomend it.
0385484518|4.0|Tuesdays with Morrie touched me in a very special way.  I lost my father to Lou Gehrigs Disease, and found the book difficult to read.  It was realistic from my family's experience.  The book is a quick read for the  average person, but I had to take it in doses through buckets of tears.
B000003S16|3.0|Exposure is a disconcerting, wild ride through the mind of Robert Fripp, produced and realized during a time when all eyes were on him in high expectation. He passed the test with this collection of oddball tracks,  highlighted by Fripp's reworking of Daryl Hall into one of the best rock  screechers ever. Exposure was conceived as part of a trilogy of Fripp  influenced recordings, along with Hall's solo LP Sacred Songs, and Peter  Gabriel II. However, try a Fripp quadruplicity for a total  &quot;experience,&quot; in the following order:  Peter Gabriel II;  Exposure; Sacred Songs; Peter Gabriel I.
B00000K19E|1.0|All I can think of to say is, instead of growing millions of humans and plugging them into a complex database to harness their energy, why didn't the machines just make batteries?<br />Who greenlighted this?
B0000028W9|5.0|This is the best album of the 90's. I've listened to it hundreds of times and it just gets better with each play. Mature, musical &amp; tough as nails.
0380973464|5.0|Although I only mildly enjoyed his previous works, this one is awesome.  I devoured and chewed each and every page.  Highly recommended
0399143904|5.0|This book is absolutely awesome!  It is full of heart-beating suspense throughout almost all the nine hundred pages.  Two words describe it.   ABSOLUTELY OUTSTANDING! Domingo Chavez is simply darn cool and the  terrorists rock, especially Brightling.  The plot was great.  Don't screw  it.
B000002HRE|5.0|Metallica proves it can change again and again!<br />I know &gt;I&lt; haven't heard of a sequel to a song before! (Unforgiven II) This is a wonderful CD with a varied mix of musical styles. &quot;Fuel&quot; is more hard-rock  type, while &quot;Low Man's Lyric&quot; is, as I've read on here, more  Blues-sy. I will contest any person who will say that &quot;Fuel&quot; or  &quot;Better Than You&quot; is like Blues! Over 1/2 of this CD is pure  gold, and a great follow-up to Load.<br />And check out Tall B and Michael  Pelfrey's Reviews: they tell it all, guys. And I will Second the  recommended Godsmack; they're good too.
068484267X|5.0|A gripping book. A tale of a family with a father who chooses the drink over the baby. If you wish to learn about the hardships of Irish Catholics read this book. It does a great job of &quot;showing not telling&quot; life  in Ireland. Frank Mcourt does a great job.
B000002HMH|4.0|This is a superb album that appeals to various types of music listeners. You don't find a CD that does that everyday, do you? Of course, it would help to like some form of rock. I've listened to their older stuff, and  it's ok. IMHO, this represents much higher, thought-out music than it; not  to say that that stuff was bad. This is just all-around better music. But  they wouldn't be where they are today w/o thier previous stuff, and I think  of their recent albums as a way to reach out to several different groups of  listeners. <br />As for the reviewer Sean Ginevan: Preach it, man. ;)
0899668380|5.0|This is a classic novel. One of the best vampire survival stories I have ever read. The terror that you feel for the last survivor of the human race is incomparable. I loved it.<br />Basically the story is about the last man  who has survived on the Earth while vampires have taken over. As the story  winds down, the ending is one of the best you can get.
038532653X|5.0|As a reading specialist,I enjoy taking the time to read children's books as they are sometimes better than adult novels! Skellig was a remarkable,enchanting,spiritual journey with a young boy,Michael,going through a family trauma as well as trying to adjust to a new home. When he  and his new neighbor,Mina,discover Skellig, the real page-turning begins.  The mystery of Skellig's identity plays along with the increasing severity  of Michael's baby sister's illness. It was difficult for me to put the book  down because the author keeps you guessing what will happen next. Readers  will become deeply involved with all the &quot;happenings&quot; towards the  end.This is  a novel I would recommend to kids in grades 6 and up.It would  also be a great read- aloud for families as well. I hope David Almond  writes another novel soon!
0345404475|2.0|I have to admit, I only picked this book up because I loved Blade Runner so much.  Since this is the novel that it was based on I thought I would be in for a treat.<br />What I found was a slow moving story, similar to the  movie.  Rick Deckard's life is explained a little more, and so are the  other characters which is nice.  I liked the character development.  But  the story was just so slow moving I found myself drowsing off once in a  while.
B000000T01|3.0|TO THE POWERS THAT BE: If/when this is released on DVD, PLEASE PLEASE do not edit A Quick One (recorded at the Stones R&amp;R Circus Show). It was easily one of THE highlights of the film when I saw it during its  theatrical release. I will not be purchasing this title until it is  included and hesitate to recommend to others (especially big time Who  fans). Listen to it on the soundtrack album and just picture what you are  missing.
0964385619|4.0|I don't have children, but I still found this book very valuable.  If you are looking for a &quot;how-to&quot; book, this isn't it.  However, if you are looking for particular views on financial philosophies of the wealthy,  this book is great.  There is some repetition, but it is a very easy read  and quite interesting.
B000002OVJ|5.0|If you grew up listening to these guys and have much of their catalog on vinyl but those records are like mine sitting in the basement in a box because when you upgraded your stereo and went digital you didnt hook up  the turntable or if you had their catalog on 8 track (! ) and those are  long gone in a garage sale or landfill, then you must re-purchase this  album on CD, put it in, turn it up, and have your very own arm windmilling  flashback with one of the greatest live bands of all time. Sounds  especially good in the car too. The extra tracks make it really worth  owning again.
B00001QGPR|2.0|It was with much anticipation that I waited for this CD...the last big one for the millenium...unfortunatley I found very little to have been excited about.  The music is bland, the lyrics are insincere romantic tragedy at  it's worse...and of course this one might become popular in say,  Europe...but then again, &quot;Let's Dance&quot; was an immensely popular  album that shared in the lack of same substance &quot;Hours&quot; does.   There are moments of brillaince throughout the CD, but they sound more like  &quot;planned accidents&quot; than anything else.  The final track,  &quot;The Dreamers&quot; does leave one with hope though...hence, two  stars.  Save your money and start a savings account at  bowiebanc.com...you'll probably get more of interest there.
0446525537|4.0|An easy read, enjoyable characters, good descriptions of the NC setting.  And he was right, he made me laugh and he made me cry.  But these people who say it's entirely predictable need to go back and read the book again.   He prayed for a miracle and &quot;miracles can happen&quot;.   Some of  these reviews seem sure there was a twist at the end.  I'm still thinking  about the book and trying to decide how it ended.  What was the miracle?
B0000042H4|4.0|The Ring concists of four very long opers (Das Rheingold considerably shorter though), it contanes many very difficult major roles and offers almost everything that an opera and a stagepiece can offer.  For such a  work there is no one single perfect recording. I have mixed feelings  towards this set.  Its very good, and a must-have for all Wagnerians, but  has in my opinion one serious flaw: Die Walkure.  Das Rheingold and   Gtterdmmerung are brilliant and Siegfried is truly among the very best,  although not above others.  Solti is one of my favorite conductors and a  great Wagnerian.  But his Walkure is undoubtly his poorest Wagner recording  he made.  Its in no way on the same high standard as the other Ring opers  or Tannhauser.  The orchestra is dull compared to Furtwangler, Nilson (a  great soprano) is not doing what she is capable of and Hotter is a terrible  Wotan. Many may be shocked to hear that about Hotter.  Let me say this:  Hotter (were told by people that saw him live that he WAS Wotan) is to too  old.  His voice is gone and you can obviously hear his great effort.   Hotter was the man...but few years erlier. Personally Id rate all operas  five stares but Die Walkure only three.  And in my opinion Die Walkure is  the very best opera of the whole Ring.  Now were in trouble!
B000003TAR|5.0|Kurt Cobain was a depressed and tired man by the time he wrote in utero. If people believe that Nevermind is the greatest Cd of the 90's than this is a close second. This is much harder than Nevermind and it was much  closer to Kurt than Nevermind. This isn't for everyone but if you want to  head bang, than this is your Cd. Also if you like nice songs with deep  meaning this has it also
B000002GEV|5.0|The music lover forgot to mention that when this Album came out, Page and Plant said in Rolling Stone that &quot;School&quot; was one of the greatest rock songs that they had ever heard.The rambling instrumental halfway thru,  as the piano comes in is unbelievable. That song is worth the price!  Then  you get &quot;Bloody&quot;,&quot;Dreamer&quot;, &quot;Hide in your  Shell&quot;. What more could you ask for? I would recommend this to anyone  who truly wants to know what music is really about.
6302902010|4.0|This version is well-enough sung and performed but has the obvious limitations of a Made-for-TV production.To answer the questions of many who have posted reviews for this title, the Gershwin estate owns the negatives and rights to the 1959 Dandridge-Poitier version. Done more as a musical than an opera,the Gershwins did not like it and have apparently taken legal action to prevent it from ever being shown again.They were even advertising in Variety for privately owned prints to buy and possibly destroy. Few creators are ever totally happy with the film versions of their works-for memory this was a generally powerful filmization with GREAT acting and fine(mostly dubbed) vocals.I hope the Gershwins will lighten up and let the public once again decide for themselves on the merits/flaws of this film. Censoring it only robs them of revenue and the public the opportunity to view the work of those involved.ANNIE GET YOUR GUN is tied up with the estate of Irving Berlin in the same manner but for different reasons...
B000002J1S|5.0|One of the most ambitious albums of the 1970's, it is Genesis' all around best work.
B000035Z2L|4.0|Many people compare this film to PORKY'S, but the two are very much different.  AMERICAN PIE is a film about young people and sex.  However, the aspect that makes it different from the rest of the films of this sort  is the underlying message...(which due to the sake of not spoiling the  ending I can't give away).  The storyline follows four young men who decide  to lose their virginity before graduation.  What follows is an all out  laugh riot!   The unrated version isn't much different from the  R-rated;just a little extra nudity; but as a result is far superior.  If  you have a good video collection then you should definately add this film  to it (if you haven't already).
B000002J2D|2.0|Yes, this is one of the band's weakest efforts, and that definitely says a lot for these fine musicians.  Follow You Follow Me is the gem here, and that's available on the Hits album.  Burning Rope is okay, but not worth  getting this album for...Many Too Many is also a decent ballad, but not  nearly what these guys are capable of.  My advice is that if you have Hits,  you don't need this album.  You could even probably download Many Too Many  off the internet if you have an MP3 player.  Trust me on this one...I have  every single Genesis album, and after I bought Hits (for the new version of  Carpet Crawlers), I sold this clunker back for whatever little money I  could get for it.
B000007OY0|5.0|This is my favorite movie not only for its creation of a vivid, enthralling microcosm, but for the profound wisdom of its theme.  Stephen King wrote the novella that inspired this film, and as a sort of tagline to  his story (featured in a group of novellas entitled Different Seasons), he  included the quote &quot;Hope springs eternal&quot;.  This film translates  the heart of King's message with wonderful fluidity and fills characters  otherwise left to the imagination with actors perfect for their roles.   Morgan Freeman and Time Robbins are undeniably convincing, and the often  brutal and savage aspects of their prison life are counterbalanced by the  humanity with which they embrace their roles.  This film is truly great.   It portrays how the human spirit has the ability to transcend the ugliness  which can so often imprison the soul.  It is a superb story of suffering,  hope and the strength of unwavering determination.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is undoubtedly the most important album of the 1990's. It is majestically, eerily beautiful. The musical textures are exquisite; the lyrics are tragic and insightful, and the performance is flawless. A  perfectly articulated alienation permeates this oeuvre and lends it an  obviously timeless quality. Although my dad calls it &quot;music to slit  your wrists by,&quot; I feel much the opposite: that humans can create art  of this magnitude is quite heartening. Highlights include Paranoid Android,  Subterranean Homesick Alien, Exit Music, The Tourist and Electioneering.
B000002U82|5.0|quite possibly the best album of all time
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This CD is both thematically coherent (without repeating itself!) and musically brilliant. Fiona's sophomore effort shows much more focus than her wonderful first, as well as more musical and lyrical sophistication.  Every song on this album is great, but I especially love &quot;Paper  Bag,&quot; &quot;Limp&quot; and &quot;Love Ridden,&quot; which rivals  &quot;Never Is a Promise&quot; (from Tidal) for its world-weary beauty.  This album has been the soundtrack to the last few months of my life.
0394910117|5.0|I liked the book because it keeps you guessing.   It's also highly imaginative and very funny.  It's another book that's crazy and something people would like to have happen, but never would.  I would recommend it to someone who's very imaginative.
6303394000|4.0|okay, I didn't think I'd like it judging from the title, but this movie is so odd! A trippy and sometimes terrifying look at showbiz and its indulgences, told through Gideon's dreams and hallucinations during a  life-threatening operation. I haven't seen much of Bob Fosse's work (just  this film on cable TV), but the success of this &quot;art imitating  life&quot; musical only tempts me to delve deeper into his world. great,  weird, wonderful film...
B000002UAO|5.0|THIS WAS THE BEGINNING OF THEIR EVOLUTIONARY DEVELOPMENT.  THE 1963-1965 WAS A PHENOMENAL PERIOD IN ITSELF; BY LATE 1965 WHEN THIS WAS RELEASED OPENED A NEW DOOR INTO THEIR MUSICAL CREATIVITY.  I CAN GO ON AND ON ABOUT  THE HISTORY, BUT WHAT IT BOILS DOWN TO IS THE QUALITY AND EXPERTISE OF THE  PRODUCT.  I REALIZED THIS OVER 20 YEARS AGO WHEN I PUT THE NEEDLE ON THE  VINYL.  NOW I'M STILL REALIZING IT WHEN I PUT IT IN THE CD PLAYER.
0385484518|5.0|I never wanted to finish the book because I did not want Morrie to ever leave, but one of the things that Morrie taught me was to learn how to let go. This morning as I read the last page tears were streaming down my face  and I didn't care that people on the train were looking at me strangely. I  had just lost a dear friend who in a short time taught me so much about  living. I closed my eyes and wished Morrie had more Tuesday's to spend with   me and the world. I have given this book as a gift of life to several  friends. One friend gave it to two teenagers he is a mentor to and he will  meet with them over lunch to discuss how the book has affected their lives  and their way of thinking. Morrie will live forever in my heart. Thank you  Mitch for sharing him with us.
B000002UAF|5.0|As an avid Beatle fan for over 20 years; there is reason for that.  The freshness that surrounds this album is as clear today as it was 36 years ago. If you really want to enhance the experience purchase the DVD for this  album.  Lennon\McCartney are at their creative best (as they always were).   There is no group before or since that can create an album or single like  this.  A must have for any serious listener.  It simply makes you feel good  !
0679720200|5.0|The Stranger is a very interesting story.  It is also quite strange as are Camus' other books as I have heard.  It was a great book to read.  I personally thought that it was very good.  Things just seem to happen that  are unexpected.  Mr. Antichrist, the main character isn't developed very  deeply, but we, as the reader, know how he is feeling.  We also learn about  France more that 50 years ago.  While reading the book I thought that it  seemed like it took place in the present day, until the end.  But the story  relates very well to today.
B00000DHRZ|3.0|older offspring titles were stunning difrerent to this they were much heavier and more powerfull but americana is much diferent they have turned in to punk rockers or even pop music `artists' but the lyrics rule! as do  the lyrics on the other 4 albums in my view you should buy ixnay on the  hombre or smas.  ignition sounds like dexter holland has a blocked up nose  and `Offspring' (the album) is quite good<br />the best single on americana is  staring at the sun and americana the best ever song is beheaded and smash
157330087X|4.0|Buy this but keep the remote close by after the first listen. Frankly, I'm getting very angry by the many DVDs that are almost ruined, as this one, by interruptions that are boring after one or two listens. To add insult to  injury, the chapters begin with the interviews, not the music, so hitting  the advance button when talk interrupts the flow doesn't work. You'll have  to frequently and carefully fast forward to keep the energy flowing, it's  infuriating! DVD also has the capability of alternative tracks so the  option to hear the interesting talk when desired is there. I doubt anyone  will desire to hear this great music interrupted by talk. If you listen to  this music as it was performed, ie loud, then get ready to have your ears  blasted when the talk begins. At least they could have made the talk volume  consistent with the typically loud music playback volumes. I propose a  test, if the talk is so damned compelling why not release audio CDs with  talk between cuts. Does anyone seriously believe that would sell? Music on  video has had this problem for so long, and it's so pervasive, that I  believe this greatly accounts for the poor sales of music on video, which  is why there aren't many releases and production runs are so short. Check  out the auctions and notice that music videos almost always get the highest  bids due to their scarcity.  Meanwhile, you can find almost any mainstream  20 or 30 year old audio release, without interruptions for talk, still in  every music shop. I like music on video and I demand releases that can  stand up to many enjoyable repeat playings!
B000031WD9|5.0|I wanted to kill her in the movie, but that's what made it so great.  My wife also loved the movie.  To make it short and to the point, I never laughed so hard in my life at any movie.  I found myself watching it again,  because I missed so much the first time I saw it at the theater - due to  the laughter of everyone in the movie theater.  This one is a can't miss  movie.  Enjoy :-)
157330087X|4.0|Buy this but keep the remote close by after the first listen. Frankly, I'm getting very angry by the many DVDs that are almost ruined, as this one, by interruptions that are boring after one or two listens. To add insult to  injury, the chapters begin with the interviews, not the music, so hitting  the advance button when talk interrupts the flow doesn't work. You'll have  to frequently and carefully fast forward to keep the energy flowing, it's  infuriating! DVD also has the capability of alternative tracks so the  option to hear the interesting talk when desired is there. I doubt anyone  will desire to hear this great music interrupted by talk. If you listen to  this music as it was performed, ie loud, then get ready to have your ears  blasted when the talk begins. At least they could have made the talk volume  consistent with the typically loud music playback volumes. I propose a  test, if the talk is so damned compelling why not release audio CDs with  talk between cuts. Does anyone seriously believe that would sell? Music on  video has had this problem for so long, and it's so pervasive, that I  believe this greatly accounts for the poor sales of music on video, which  is why there aren't many releases and production runs are so short. Check  out the auctions and notice that music videos almost always get the highest  bids due to their scarcity.  Meanwhile, you can find almost any mainstream  20 or 30 year old audio release, without interruptions for talk, still in  every music shop. I like music on video and I demand releases that can  stand up to many enjoyable repeat playings!
0312853238|5.0|This is probably the only book that I have ever read that is better than Harry Potter. It tends to the more &quot;serious&quot; of matters, but Card digs really deep into your mind with this story of Ender, a young boy who  is the dream of the Starways Congress with hope for him killing off the  opposing alien race. He is taken from the one person he loves and put into  Battle School- a harsh training program that changes his personality  dramatically. The reason why I love this book is because you almost think  it's something that's REAL...not the actual story, but the CONCEPTS that it  implies. The plot and story itself are beyond exceptional, and the book  almost taps into every one of your emotional sensors and triggers them all  at one, creating one enormous explosion. Mine is definitely aimed toward  perfection with this book, it starts well, ends well, and you can't put it  down! It's so good you start THINKING like Ender (the main character) or  the way Card writes! It's unbelievable, DEFINITELY a 5 star!
B0000203YT|1.0|I suppose the reason critics gushed over this film so much and the academy threw so many awards its way was because the premise had some creative potential and it was competently produced.  I'll also guess that many  well-liked people were involved in the project.  But I thought it was  pretty thin in the story department. It seemed to be trying awfully hard to  be clever, and it seemed to think it was doing a dang good job of it.  I  thought it was tedious fluff.
B00003A9QI|5.0|I, too, heard this for the first time on a public radio station and knew I had to have my own copy.  It is some of the most beautiful music I have ever heard - very peaceful and serene.  Gorgeous.  Highly, highly  recommended.
0790729733|5.0|There's no question in my mnd there was a Govt. Conspiracy to kill our last truly inspiring President, but what is lost in the imbroglio over the contents of this most controversial film is..Much of the powerful evidence  was not depicted. The Vietnam segment is by far the best part of the film  and is worth the price of the video for that, as well as some truly amazing  re-creations in the photographic and editing aspects.
6303471714|5.0|This has become my favorite workout video. After losing it during our move I had to purchase another one. It will strenghthen your muscles so you can burn more fat. It will be fast in the beginning but you have to work up to  keeping up. Taking small breaks is very important so your reps can be  strong. It's not a boring workout it's fun. You will notice a difference in  a few weeks. You will definately be sore so don't expect to do too much the  next day. You won't be disappointed!
0800141326|1.0|I have been a die hard fan of the old fashioned TOHO Godzilla movies for a long time. This could not even begin to compare with the worst of the old Godzilla series when they were in rubber suits jumping on popsicle stick  trees and buildings. Apparently Jean Reno [from the professional and Ronin]  must have been  a die hard Godzilla fan as well becuase that is the only  reason i can think of why he put his great acting abilities in such an  ultimate B-movie. The old story of how Godzilla was born from A-bomb tests  is much more convincing than this. The story was very very weak and lame.  The special effects were alright but they made godzilla look like a big  fleshy cartoon. He looked totally unrealistic, with that enormous chin he  looked like the batman on the animated series. Give me a few million  dollars and i could make a better movie with my old Godzilla collectible  figures, some legos and an 8mm camcorder. An absolute must not see.
B000000WJZ|5.0|...and enjoy 'siamese dream' in the meantime. this cd is very easily my single favorite (very difficult to pick!) from the smashing pumpkins. for those who strongly dislike the electronic stance the pumpkins seem to have  taken of late, this is the album for you. they're all in top form, and  there is nary a bad song in the bunch. it's cliche, but &quot;BUY ME&quot;.  now. :)
0140186395|5.0|The book knocked me around, told me about people I would remember forever, had a historical context that was casual and interesting, and the characters had in and out points meaning from time to time you understood  them and other times you didn't.  That's what makes them real.  The main  female character, Cathy Ames, or whichever alias you want to use turned my  insides out.  I know that I would have easily succumbed to her as many of  the characters did.  Steinbeck incorporates little side stories that cling  like branches to the main story.  When I finished it, I threw it across the  room.  I couldn't have it around me anymore and since I've finished it, I  haven't been able to get into another book.  I might just have to reread  it.
B00000J7S8|5.0|WOW! Her powerful voice blows you aways and is as soulful as any I have ever heard. Must buy if you like vocal jazz.
6305358567|5.0|If you love period films, this is for you!  Terrific acting.  And the costumes!   I've seen my share of period films, and nothing comes even CLOSE to this film costume-wise!  If you are a connoisseur of fine  fabric/clothing, it's reason enough for you to see this film.  I could NOT  stop drooling over the costumes!
B00002MZ4W|4.0|An article I once read about Fiona Apple said that she once attempted suicide.  Thank Goodness for all of her fans she didn't because we would not have this very good artist and her music to enjoy.  The first video I  ever saw on MTV sister channel M2 was Fiona's Shadowboxer, one of the great  songs of all time and Fiona's new effort &quot;When the Pawn&quot; is just  as great.  Fiona is not for everyone as stated above, but for those who  just want to Chill Out and enjoy good music and one of the great singing  voices of our time, this is a must buy CD.
0800141660|5.0|If you are the romantic type, and you love &quot;period films&quot;, this is for you.  Beautiful costumes, cinematography, and script!   It just reconfirms your faith in the power of love!
B00000BKI4|4.0|This album achieves what few ever do, it flows from start to finish. Each song has it's perfect place on the album. If you were to hit shuffle on this cd it would be like reading chapters of a book out of order. Much of  the music is very haunting in the best way possible. The lyrics conjure up  great imagery. Some of the lyrics are goofy but still work perfectly...I  mean who else would dig these holes but little moles. If you are ever in  the Woodstock, Ny area check out Opus 40.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I was first introduced to Radiohead's music through &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; and &quot;Creep&quot; (from Pablo Honey) which was what compelled me to buy this album, and I was not disappointed.  I rank this cd  up with Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall&quot; and TOOL's &quot;nima&quot; and  that is no small feat.  The depth expressed through this album must be  examined as a whole, not just &quot;a few good songs,&quot; and that is the  true poetic beauty of this album.
B000021Y77|5.0|Let's face it, this movie rocks ! Anyone with any idea on the craft of movie making can see this was the most original film of 99 if not the decade (along with The Matrix). The DVD only enhances it more.The music,  the pace and the skillfull editing requires multiple viewing. No question  about it,this is the best foreign film ever made.
B00002MZ2C|4.0|I read an interview with Tom Morello where he said that to love humankind, you need to fight for justice. And if that's the case, then this is an album of love songs. I've spent time going up and down on just how good  this album is. I love the first six songs and the last two. The others  don't &quot;do it&quot; for me as much, but as I've spent more time with  it, especially Zack's lyrics and Tom's guitar work, I've really come to  love the whole thing. It's a marvelous work. And it's got the best lyric of  the year: &quot;Hope lies in the smoldering rubble of empires.&quot;
6303014100|5.0|This is one of the most increadable films made on any subject.  Made on the actual battle field, with the assistance of the Parks Authority &amp; thousands of reenactment extras.  The film is made to keep as close as  possible to the actual events surrounding the battle.  Just increadable.
B000002U9W|5.0|There is not much to be said about Atom Heart Mother that probably hasn't already been stated - it is simply a great album.  Although it is a bit slower-paced than the more &quot;popular&quot; Floyd works, this by no  means detracts from the album's content.  The Atom Heart Mother suite that  kicks off the album is stunning.  Period.  The following three songs are  also quite good, with Rick Wright's performance of &quot;Summer '68&quot;  proving to be exceptional (interesting considering the fact that  Gilmour  and Waters did most of the singing and writing from then on).  &quot;Alan's  Psychedelic Breakfast&quot; closes the album and, contrary to popular  belief, it is a FINE song by any means.  Although I hate to be trite, I  must say that this album is a must-have for any and all persons with even a  remote interest in the Floyd.  You will most certainly not be  disappointed.<br />On a related note, try &quot;Piper at the Gates of  Dawn&quot; and &quot;Meddle&quot; as well - both are truly masterful  pre-DSOTM works.
0767817664|5.0|This film is one of my favorite horor movies! Must se
6300218031|5.0|Eric Stoltz, Mary Stuart Masterson and Lea Thompson were all fabulous in this movie.  John Hughes managed to capture the reality of young love.  He was able to show that sometimes it pays to wait for the right one and often  it's who we least expect.  The &quot;practice&quot; kiss between Stoltz and  Masterson was one of the best kissing scenes ever!  The music was timed  perfectly....I get a rush every time I see it!  This was one of Hughes'  best movies!
0425152251|5.0|I think this is the best book in this world. This book is exciting and interesting. You can't put it down! I'm young and this is very long book. But I love this! At the third grade of elementary school I read this for the first time. This isn't borning at all, like every has sayed to  me. I wanted this book for so long and it was impossible to get this from  the library in here Finland. I wanted to buy this, but this was far too  expensive. Well, I sayed to my father that I want this book so much. He  sayed that isn't this quite hard to read, because it's about the history of  philosophy. I sayed &quot;no, it is not&quot; and now it's mine! I love  this! ...
B00000J7SO|5.0|I already owned the original CD version of Street Legal when the remastered version was released but  I bought this new release as well. I have compared the old and the new versions and I have to admit that the  improvement in quality is much better than I had expected. Both the music  and Bob Dylan's voice are much clearer and sharper in this new release. It  is like the album was recorded using today's technology. So, if you already  own the original version and enjoy it do not hesitate to buy this new one.
B0000039LE|1.0|Everybody says that this is such a good movie. I heard that this is better than Halloween H20. Well, that's good, but this isn't. I'm sorry, but I don't like this!
B00000IO4J|3.0|Okay, so even though the plot was TOTALLY unoriginal, and the directing was....eh. There are three reasons why i have this video on tape. Josh Hartnett, Elijah Wood, and Shawn Hatosy. If it wasn't for half of the  cast's looks, the whole movie would be one big bomb.  I must say, that the  &quot;F&quot; word was used OVER and OVER and OVER again, until any time it  was even USED in a sentance the whole SENTANCE was meaningless. It was  pretty good. It attacked some things that teens today have to deal with.  You could punch holes through the script as if it was swiss cheese. But if  you're in the mood for some movie that you'll watch because you're really  really bored and you just wanna be entertained, then Faculty is perfect.
6305171769|5.0|If this isn't scary, then tell me what is this? I bought this and I started to watch it. I just had to keep my finger on the &quot;Pause&quot; button. This is so scary. This is classical! I think that this is horror  for grown-ups, not for teens. Teens can watch Urban Legend, but watching  this... They won't sleep again! (That's stupid to say, because I'm 12 years  old kid, who loves horror movies and sleeps like bear). One of my friends  borrowed this from me and she was very scared. You have to buy this! When  one guy from my class borrowed this from me and returned it, I was  surprised. Because always when he borrows horror movies from me, he says  they weren't scary and wild. Now, he didn't say anything. Please, watch  this!
0767819594|3.0|The best part of this movie? The opening song. The plot? Pretty good. And trust me, this movie was WAY better than it was supposed to be! If you have ever checked out the original plot....let's just say we all would have  hated it. The acting... i would have expected MUCH BETTER from Gellar, but  this is really what Phillipe's acting is all about. This is probably one of  his better acting pieces. He does pretty good with his charecter. As for  Miss Witherspoon, i think she could have done SO much better. Or maybe that  it was just that the charecter of Annette that she played was so boring and  bland. On a whole, i liked this movie, especally the ending. But if you  compare this to it's original, Dangerous Liaisons, i'd chose the latter
6304118392|5.0|This is among the best movies of all time.  Oliver Stone is at his best here, displaying the American Media's sycophantic obsession with a story.  This movie stuck with me for days, weeks, and years after I saw it once,  and is still with me now.  Violent?  Yes.  Controversial?  Yes.  Something  everyone should see?  Yes.
B00000JJQK|5.0|Here is a short list of artists who've been influenced by the Pet Sounds album.(I'm sorry if I've left anyone out-I know I certianly have!)   The Beatles,The Who,John Cale, David Crosby and Graham Nash,Jerry Garcia,Three  Dog Night, Chicago,The Bee Gees, Queen, XTC,REM,The Flaming Lips, Mercury  Rev, The High Llamas, Spiritualized,The Olivia Tremor Control, Bill Black,  and, of course The Wondermints.     From lite radio to avant-pop,  progressivity in rock and roll can trace itself back to the inspired  production values Brian Wilson wrought from his imagination and onto  recorded tape in 1966.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This is without any doubt, the best cd i have ever heard. There is no similarity between KoRn.(although i have nothing again them)KoRn is severely lackikng in intensity. the guitar riffs are amazingly hyptonic,  and 8's voice is suprisingly melodic. This band is going to take it's place  as the band all other metal bands wish to emulate in the future.
0375707972|4.0|I was interested in this book from cover to cover and I thought the way that the characters evolved was extrememly interesting and well written.  I would definitely recommend this book to others.  THe ending is GREAT!
B0000028RR|5.0|This was Rage Against the Machine's debut album, which launched an impressive group and series of CDs, culminating in the recent &quot;Battle of Los Angeles&quot;.  This album combines furious vocals, amazingly  innovative guitars (courtesy of Tom Morello) with strong bass and drum  support.  Zach de la Rocha's inspired, insistant lyrics convey anger far  better than any other group available.  He tackles subjects such as the  KKK, government interference and the 1960's civil rights movement. He  expresses overtly leftist ideologies, without advocating socialism.  For  all you metal heads, this album is a must buy, the CD that paved the way  for less lyrically inspired groups such as Korn and Nine Inch Nails.  For  anyone who wished to mix thought provoking lyrics with truly thrashing  guitars and amazing vocals, this is also a must buy.  Anyone who like the 2  more recent Rage releases (&quot;Evil Empire&quot; and the aforementioned  &quot;The Battle of Los Angeles&quot;) should pick this album up  immediately.  The ultimate fusion of metal/hiphop/rock and politics.
6305127638|5.0|This is my favorite &quot;Next Generation&quot; film (and 2nd favorite &quot;Trek&quot; film-&quot;Star Trek 2&quot; being my absolute favorite), especially as the other 2 films have merely turned out to be television  scripts. Maybe there is something to that even/odd numbered curse after  all.<br />I really can't say enough positive things about this film.  Seeing  the Borg in a theatrical film is a real treat, and writers Moore and Bragga  demonstrated that they were capable of writing a real movie script this  time around.  In addition (as a previous reviewer has already noted), they  were actually able to create a real character out of Zephram  Cochrane-instead of a meticulous, technobabble quoting, 1 dimensional  character (as has been the case before with &quot;Star Trek&quot; so often)  the audience actually gets to see a wild and crazy drunk who dances to Roy  Orbinson tunes.  <br />In addition, the ever restrained Picard looses his cool  big time after being forced to dwell upon his experience with the Borg in  &quot;The Best of Both Worlds&quot; episodes from the TV series (which I  highly recommend seeing)-the result is an ugly and well-acted   confrontation with Worf.   Be cautioned however-this film is not meant for  younger children and well deserves its PG-13 rating.  The Borg, as they  have been redesigned, could give any kid nightmares for life.  <br />Other  positive comments: composer Jerry Goldsmith turns in what is indisputably  the best score of any &quot;Star Trek&quot; film to date-I strongly  recommend buying the soundtrack to this film as well.  The special effects,  as done by Lucasfilm, were extraordinary (enjoy them-Paramount couldn't get  Lucasfilm for &quot;Insurrection&quot; and may never again), especially  during the spacewalk battle on the hull of the Enterprise.  My only  complaint: at the height of the film's climax, the audience really isn't on  the edge of its seat,as they were in, say, &quot;Star Trek 2&quot; for  example. The scene is still exciting nonetheless. All in all, &quot;First  Contact&quot; was one of the best &quot;Trek&quot;s ever and one of the  best science-fiction films ever made.
B000021Y77|5.0|a really good movie and I would suggest it to all those with a taste for little less ordinary.
0684872153|4.0|Frank McCourt is a wonderfull story teller.I can almost hear that Irish accent as i read this book!   Very touching,funny,sad,many emotions felt while reading this book.Yes,Frank had a depressing childhood but he shares  it with us in a very colourful way.There's no doubt that the poverty he  lived in was appaling but this book is not just a story where another Irish  child grows up in a slum and goes nowhere.He shares his dreams,his  thoughts,his longing to be someone and go somewhere.  He tells this story  in such a delightful way that you can't help reading on.For those of you  who cannot hear an Irish speaking voice in your head I recommend you listen  to this on the cassette that is available.This book is very moving and very  well written.If you liked this book then please read the follow on called  'Tis.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Wow, this album is an amazing thing.  Take smooth grooves, soulful lyrics, engaging drums, and the ability to put it together, and you have this album.  Moby is truly showing why he's such an innovative talent in the  electronica genre... this is something that's very &quot;Moby&quot;, and  doesn't do anything to try to be popular (ok, maybe the first single,  Bodyrock), it just tries to do it's own thing.
0790729636|5.0|I always loved Twister on video but it is incredible on DVD!  The sound was wonderful and we only have a stereo TV.  Also the sound didn't fluctuate like some of the other DVD's we watched (like Matrix).  That  drives me crazy! Anyway, I would highly recommend this on DVD if you like  action movies.
0767830520|3.0|During the 70's most of us were just trying to get into something.  Taxi Driver gave us the deep hole side of something gotten into.   Realizing that perfectionism was an ideal and not necessarily  a icon to live by.    Robert Deniro demonstrated a surreal exploration into the minds ability to  take you where you really want to go.     We see a sdubtle begining and the  effects of  lost efforts and misguided youth turning into the  last chance  at saving if not one own soul than atleast a soul that is considered worth  saving.<br />   In these times we reflect more on not taking advantage of  youth.   Yet youth begins it's advantage of the moment and forgiveness for  innocence.    There a many Taxi Drivers in todays youth.  But the real  vocus is not the redemtion but the brutality of the event and then the  redemption
B000002LND|5.0|The Madonna Immaculate Collection is one of the best collections ever!  It is filled with all of Madonna's great songs! I love Madonna's old stuff, its so much better than her new stuff!
B00000BKDW|5.0|As always with Iron Maiden, the music is powerful and the lyrics are intelligent. <br />They have a style that no other band seems to be able to touch.  Every track on this CD is a winner.  Powerslave is one CD you will  definitely want to own.
0375704124|2.0|Robert Harris is a good writer. He describes the place and emotion well. The first part is very exciting, that's why I got this book. As you continue, the description of the place is good. The suspense is  there,you'll feel Russia with all its secrets, the politics,power and  corruptions of the past and present rulers over its people and the struggle  of everyday people. The plot is good, the secret documents of Stalin. But ,  about midway towards the end, it lost its drive. I find it hard to finish  the book, but I finished it. It drags.
0446604844|2.0|Baldacci uses interesting words, phrases, and ideas-signs of a gifted wordsmith.  But the technique (or lack of) is unforgivable. At times he overwrites which brings attention to his words and away from the story at  hand. The plot is an intriguing one, but overly complex to the point of  causing the reader frustration instead of suspense. And there are instances  where a viewpoint-character suddenly has a startling revelation, but  neglects to share it with the reader until several chapters later, at which  point the reader has moved on and almost forgotten it. As in most  thriller-type fiction, we are expected to suspend our belief for the  enjoyment of the story. But many scenes are so illogic and far-fetched,  especially the dialogue, that I was jolted out of my fictive mood.  The  reader must also wade through pages of FBI investigation which is void of  suspense, because Baldacci shows the reader exactly what took place earlier  in the book.  The most jarring incidents to me came from roving  point-of-views, or internal thoughts, going back and forth between  different characters in the same scene.  All of this says more about editor  than author.  The editor(s) should be ashamed.
0767903811|5.0|I too laughed out loud.  This is one of the funniest books I have ever had the pleasure of reading.
0790729636|4.0|While the story and special effects are outstanding, my complaint is with the DVD itself. The image quality of this movie is poor.  Distortion is quite evident during the dark scenes.  I borrowed it from my uncle and was  disappointed.  I would NOT buy this movie on DVD. Perhaps if there is a  re-release, the image will be improved.
6305212139|5.0|I have seen quite a few of the other concert/interview vids and this one is excellent!  The interviews at the start of the video are great in the sense they really give a good feeling for the girls' attitudes on  everything from what they do when they get back from a tour to who would  (or wouldn't) be considered for job of Babysitter Spice... The actual  concert was superb as well.  Really good camera work although I think they  focus too much on Mel C and not enough on the others (BABY!) but as a while  it's really good and i'm glad i got it!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This album proves once again that this girl can really do good music. It also proves that you dont have to stick with only one producer for life, Jon Brion makes pretty good team with TIDAL's producer Andrew Slater. With  such artists as Matt Chaberlain, drummer that also worked with Tori Amos  and many other musicians that make this album a Great follow-up to TIDAL.  This time she expresses anther side of her personality more agresive but  submissive as in Paper bag and the recent single Fast as you can.
B00003CXCK|5.0|This film was a Hallmark Card? A Hallmark card! What? This, like &quot;Saving Private Ryan,&quot; was not meant to be entertaining, nor pretty. This film was about one of the worse human rights abuses in recent  history, and is told very effectively. If anybody can sit through this film  thinking that this is just a &quot;Hallmark Card&quot; used to boost  Spielberg's ego and get him the elusive Oscar, they are sadistic and enjoy  viewing human suffering. Maybe if people wouldn't review this film like god  damn film students they would see it for what it really is, and you all  know what it really is meant to be. Schindler was not a perfect man, but  dammit he helped preserve a part of a generation that was largely lost, and  someone told his story and did it damn well. The film was also simply an  excellent telling of the hell of the Holocaust. Yeah, we already know it  was hell without being told by Spielberg, but sometimes it is good to hear  this somewhere else than a textbook or PBS, because it usually is censored  and toned down in those mediums.<br />  Another thing to address: Spielberg  used the pink girl not as a cute &quot;Awwwww&quot; effect, he used it to  show what the girl's ultimate fate was: gassing and burning. But why the  vivid pink and not a duller color? Because a dull color would have been  lost among the rest of the dull colors, if you can call them colors. Plus  pink is a good color to illustrate the child's happiness and innocence,  sucked away by senseless hatred. It wasn't used to make you happy and feel  good, in some sick, twisted &quot;Hallmark moment&quot; way, ya sadists.<br />   This is an excellent film, so good I hate to trivialize it with a star  rating. Spielberg is an excellent director, and is as essential to American  film as this film is to the Holocaust, and &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot;  is to World War II.
B00000JGOH|5.0|This is one of the best movies of all time... with dramatic literature as a backdrop, a finely twisted plot, a dash of romance, and fantastic acting, writing, directing, sets, and costumes!  You will love Shakespeare In Love!
B000002GEY|5.0|...I suppose that can be said due to the albums originality. During the punk heyday Supertramp could still cut it and produce an album which ranks in the same leagues as &quot;Dark Side Of The Moon&quot; and &quot;A Trick  Of The Tail&quot;. &quot;The Logical Song is pure genius with some very  disturbing but true lyrics whilst &quot;Child Of Vision&quot; is just  rockin' and brutally powerful.  Nowadays I wouldn't see them in concert or  buy an album, but only because the man who was 70% of the group, Roger  Hodgson, is no longer with them. The only thing I'm confused with is that I  can't tell whether Supertramp are pro or anti American. Ah, but who cares?  (hey, it's only my opinion)
B000002UB6|5.0|When compiling the soundtrack of one's life one must reflect on a lifetime of listening.  I have loved, and love, a myriad of musical sources.  Of all that I have enjoyed, The Beatles are my sentimental favorite.  I grew up on  them and have listened to them faithfully throughout my life...and this  album, Let It Be, is my favorite. When you listen through Phil Spector's  dated, and perhaps ill-fitting, production you here as tight a band as  there has ever existed in rock and roll, one that has grown accustomed to  playing with eachother for over a decade.  At this point, they were at the  most emotionally raw point of their collective life as a band.  The  majority of the songs and  clearly the performances, are fueled by the  passion of that remarkable moment.  Beyond a doubt, my favorite  album...Simon
B00000AFFF|5.0|I bought this CD last November and it has found its way into my CD player virtually every day.  There are many reviews for this album, good and bad, but those who love this album REALLY love it. There is something about the  songs, both in the lyrical content and the arrangements that really does  something to those like me who savor every lyric and note of this album.  I  listen to the opening of &quot;In the Darkest Place&quot; and I am drawn  in.  When Elvis sings &quot;pretty girls look right through me, they don't  sense the faintest glimmering that is the torch I bear-&quot; you are  consumed by these lyrics if you are anyone who has ever been through a bad  breakup and doesn't think anyone understands. &quot;Tears at the Birthday  Party&quot; captures the feelings of anyone who has ever been passed over  for another person, and &quot;This House is Empty Now&quot; may be one of  the most heartbreaking songs I have heard, but so beautiful, and so hard to  turn away from.  This album is not for everyone, but I recommend it to  anyone who has an open mind.  I would have never purchased anything by  Bacharach in the past, and bought this based on my love of the music of  Elvis Costello.  But Burt has brought something out of EC that I have never  heard before, and I thank him for that, and for this wonderful music.
6300182282|5.0|This is one of the classic romantic comedies.  Superb acting by Burstyn and Alda; top direction and a brilliant linking technique that spans each 5 year break between scenes. Watch with your partner and revel in the  romance.  STNY remains watchable every year!
B00002Z88D|2.0|I really thought that it was a stupid idea to make metallica play with a symphony theres people saying that this is their best cd ever but have they heard any of their old stuff that was totally awesome like master of  puppets that song is on s&amp;m but the awesome guitar part is replaced by  some violin or whatever and the new songs they made suck too I mean  metallica is like the greatest metal band so why would they mix that in  with a symphony i think that this was a stupid idea and i'm glad i didn't  buy this cd
6300182282|5.0|This is one of the classic romantic comedies.  Superb acting by Burstyn and Alda; top direction and a brilliant linking technique that spans each 5 year break between scenes. Watch with your partner and revel in the  romance.  STNY remains watchable every year!
0385474547|5.0|This book showed irony through many examples.  How Chinua displayed it was wonderful.  White people came to African villages thinking of a &quot;primitive culture&quot; but yet they are very much alike to the white  people.  They had marital problems self conflict and everything a human  exibits.  This book was very good.
6300216802|3.0|Star Trek-The Motion Picture is a pretty good movie but at the beginning they waste a lot of time showing off the new Enterprise.When I watched this movie I got a headache when they showed the interior of VGER.For you who  haven't seen the film and don't know who VGER is VGER is actually Voyager  6.The story is that VGER(Voyager 6)was lost when it was sucked into a black  hole and came out at the other end of the galaxy where a planet of living  machines think he is one of their own kind yet primitive.The living  machines find out that VGERs programming is to collect information and send  it back to earth.They equip VGER with hi-tech technology and send him to  find his creator or something like that.VGER collects so much information  that he becomes a living being,he is curious and go's searching for his  creator.I think it go's something like that but I find it hard to  understand at times.If you want to see an exciting Star Trek movie though  this is not the one.I think Star Trek II THe Wrath of Khan is a far greater  movie.
6303418287|4.0|This is, admittedly, one of my favourite films, although I don't care much for the gory excesses or the seeming self-gratification of Kenneth Branagh in his scenes with Helen Bonham Carter. Also, they have taken some liberties with the original story, although mercifully we are spared a lot of the verbal 'Victoriana' of the original book. In most ways, it is no more or less of a winner than the classic version with Boris Karloff (admittedly more effective in that it doesn't make people giggle when they see the newly-animated Creature). Perhaps the best thing about it is Patrick Doyle's score... he has worked for and with Branagh since 1989 and his every effort on the film's music has given it the most magical and effective atmosphere.
B000023VR6|4.0|When i first started reading reviews on this new Dr. Dre album i read how that Dre wasn't the same and the album was just wack! But when i first listened to the full album i found out these people were completely wrong.  This is album where you pop it into the cd player and just listen. No need  to change track because every track is good. I would recommend this album  to anyone who likes any WEST COAST rap because its a total WEST COAST  CLASSIC!
B000002UJQ|5.0|I bought this album a little more than 2 years ago &amp; I still haven't stopped listening to it. There is not a single bad song on &quot;OK Computer&quot;. Everything is just good. Buy this if you don't already own  it.
B000002U82|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums of all time!  Among my favorite songs are 'Time' 'Money' 'Brain Damage' and 'Elipse.'  My favorite line of all time is on this album, in 'Time': 'Words that either come to naught or half  a page of scribbled lines.'  I highly recommend this album.  'The Wall' is  another good one by Pink Floyd.
1559408758|5.0|The movie &quot;This is Spinal Tap&quot; is absolutly great! Please re-release it.  I belive many people want to buy it!  You could be making big bucks!
B000002C1X|5.0|This album was pretty good.  I really like 'Run like Hell' and 'Another Brick in the Wall Part 2.'  I would definitly recommend 'Dark Side of the Moon' if you like this album.
6305426651|2.0|Well-intentioned, intially warm and funny film that never quite pulls the two halves of itself together.  The comic fairy tale romance of pre-WWII Italy at the film's beginning, and the (sanitized) nightmare of a father and his young son being held in a Nazi camp in the second half, work like oil and water; though Benigni tries--valiantly--he can't quite pull it off.  (One wonders if the film  might have worked better had the son known the father was faking his desperate cheerfulness, and was going along with the act to indulge him; then, the subtext might have gelled into something stronger and more poignant.)  And the \\"happy\\" ending will strike a discordant note with many viewers.  Still, it's almost impossible to criticize a  film which so many have clutched to their hearts as a life-altering  experience--you go with it, or you don't, period.  Many adored Begnini's clowning, whereas others found it as subtle and endearing as a jackhammer to the skull. As it stands, \\"Life\\" is a brave attempt to offer a different perspective on the war, but in no way does it belong in the same breath as contemporary Holocaust milestones such as \\"Schindler's List\\" \\"Bent\\" or \\"The Pianist\\"--or even witty, quality fluff like \\"Shakespeare in Love,\\" which snatched up some of \\"Life's\\" Oscars (deservedly so).
6300248569|5.0|Okay, let me weigh in with my two cents in the Great Debate over BBC vs. A&amp;E:<br />Stayed closest to the book:  BBC, no question.<br />Best Elizabeth Bennet:  Close, but I have to give this one to BBC.<br />Best Darcy:  BBC, by  a country mile.  Colin Firth just didn't look the part.  David Rintoul's  acting may have been a bit wooden, but he brought out Darcy's reserved and  inhibited character.  And he looks gorgeous!<br />Best Jane Bennet:  BBC.  She  brought out Jane's essential goodness, sensitivity and intelligence, as  well as her common sense.  Whoever thought she was &quot;catty&quot; in the  BBC version, must have mistaken her for Kitty.  A&amp;E's Jane whined too  much.<br />Best Mr. Bennet:  BBC in a walk.<br />Best Mrs. Bennet:  Tie.  Delightfully ditzy in both productions.<br />Best Mr. Collins:  BBC.  Klutzy  and pompous, just like in the book.<br />Best Lady Catherine:  A&amp;E, hands  down.  A real Gorgon, just like she was in the book.<br />Best Wickham:  Close, but A&amp;E was better.<br />Best Mary and Kitty:  BBC wins in both  characters.<br />Best Bingley:  Tie, although I really liked the A&amp;E  character.<br />Best Bingley's Sisters:  BBC.  The characters in the A&amp;E  version looked ridiculous.<br />Best Uncle and Aunt Gardiner:  BBC,  especially Mrs. Gardiner.  My favorite character in this  production.<br />Although I enjoyed the A&amp;E production, the BBC version is  Jane Austen's 'Pride and Prejudice'.  And at less than half the price of  A&amp;E, it's a helluva bargain!
0790701251|5.0|I think Full Metal Jacket was very funny and had good action sequences.  I liked the training part which was hilarious.  I liked the way the general the general cursed and made jokes.  It was a great movie.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Not only does the story include many intelligent literary references, that should be obvious to all of us but they not because we stupid, it establishes, like 2001, Alien, and even the Terminator before it, a new  standard in filmmaking.     It's not often you laugh because something is  soo cool.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Diana Krall is definitly the voice of the new century, and in this album she not only looks into your eyes, but she steals your heart and runs away with it. Her rendition of these songs are just outstanding. Irving Berlin,  Cole Porter, and George Gershwin would undoubtedly agree that this is the  way their songs were meant to be sung. Julie London was great, but Diana  far outshines.
B000002B1M|5.0|&quot;It was Written&quot; is the best CD of 1996. Sure, many of U will say one of 2Pacs Cds was the best of 1996. But don't U get tired of listening to that eastside-westside sh** after awhile? Who cares what side  of the country youre from. I mean, its stupid. Nas does stuff opposite that  when he bonds with Dr. Dre in the song &quot;Nas is coming. Nas bonds with  all rappers from all around the US. &quot;Street Dreams&quot; is another  great song. There are also many other great songs on the Cd. If U are a  true hip-hop fan, check out this Cd.
B000023VR6|5.0|Some may say that Dre sold out to pop, but one listen to Chronic 2001 will change your mind for good.  I've lost interest in hip-hop over the years since the first Chronic released (I still remember the &quot;$20 Sack  Pyramid&quot; with fondness) but now the Doctor's back and in full effect!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Would you expect anything less from the greatest rap/metal band of all time? Or should I say one of the best bands of all time. This is an amazing album that has to be heard. I think it's really cool that Zack came on here  'cause I went to there record signing event and I got to get all there  autographs and shake all there hands except Zack's 'cause he was signing  something(i'm not mad though so don't get me wrong). This record proves why  RATM are so underrated. The Backstreet Boys sell albums on looks and RATM  sell on sheer talent and still don't sell as many records as the boy bands.  You take RATM who created the rap/metal genre and Limp Bizkit degrades  women and says &quot;Shut the f**k up&quot; and suddenly they're the  greatest band ever. It's good though that RATM have real fans who  understand the message(loud and clear Zack-not that i'd have it any other  way of course) and that us music lovers have an amazing band to look up  to.Zack's rapping is at his best, Tom(the man! ) is just f'n awesome,  Y.Tim.K(you gotta love this guys names) makes some of the greatest funk  lines of all time, and Brad's drumming is the absolute best. I love you  guys and know that I get the, and understand, the message. Please buy this  album.
B000003S1A|4.0|This band rarely sounds the same twice and you cannot guess whether you will like this based on their other albums.  <br />I very much liked In The Court Of The Crimson King, which is perhaps the first progressive rock  album ever created.  I also liked Red, which sounded vaguely like a  combination of Led Zeppelin + Jean Luc Ponty.  <br />When I first heard  Discipline, I was shocked.  It sounded like a combination of 10% New Wave  (most of which I can't stand) and 90% plain old noise.  It was hard to  imagine anyone enjoying it or even calling it music.  <br />Usually  after 2  listenings to an album, I can tell whether I like it.  After 4 listenings  to Discipline, it was still just unpleasant noise to me.  On the 5th  listening, I realized that it really was music, and pretty good music, too.    Since then I've enjoyed it (especially when I want to listen to something  very different from most of the middle-of-the-road rock and roll that I  like), but the truth is that I rarely pull this out and listen to it.  Yes,  it's an extraordinary album in some ways, but you have to be in the right  mood to appreciate it.  <br />The obvious thing for you to do is listen to it  before deciding for yourself.  Unfortunately, even with Amazon's helpful  music samples, it's almost impossible to decide whether you're going to  like this album.  30 seconds of this out of context will sounds like noise.   I strongly recommend borrowing the album and listening several times  before deciding whether to buy it.
B00000K2UX|5.0|This soundtrack has lost nothing.  The first time I saw &quot;Top Gun&quot; I must have been four or five.  It still, in my opinion, is one of the greatest movies ever made and the soundtrack is no different.  It  still rocks and so do the new tracks (save the Kenny Loggins Remix).  &quot;Memories is almos perfect for flashback-scenes into your memory if  you close your eyes and think about what's happened in your life.  Man,  this is still one soundtrack that makes you feel &quot;The need for  speed!&quot;
B00001R3GI|5.0|The funniest thing about this album is that it's hard to picture the Stones doing many takes of a song, or splitting hairs over production when recording this album. In fact, the whole thing sounds like an inspired,  late-night jam-session. The Sixties were definitely over, the bar was  closed, but in a murky basement somewhere, the Stones sounded like they  hadn't stopped partying since. Rather than producing single,  greatest-hits-type tunes, this album establishes an overall mood of  inspired weariness. It takes a few listens, it but grows on you and stays  there for a long time.
6300214540|5.0|Wow.  This movie has the coolest aerial action sequences ever put on film.  So good in fact, &quot;Jag&quot; stole a couple.  Great acting by Cruise, Kilmer, Ironside, McGillis, Edwards, and Skerrit make this movie one you'll  want to watch millions of times, and maybe once more for the hell of it.
0380973464|5.0|Just my favorite! The plot thickens with every turn of the page. Plus I feel connected to a lot of the places mentioned in the book. Very different from previous books Neal has written but definitely one of the BEST!
B000002C1X|5.0|This is story of a rock star told over 26 tracks.  Roger Waters wrote his best lyrics on this album.  Although this was mainly Waters' project David Gilmour's guitar throughout is breath taking.  I.E.  Comfortably Numb,  Young Lust, and Run Like Hell.  Some of the songs that don't get radio play  are great too.  One of My turns, Another Brick in the Wall(part III), and  Thin Ice come to mind.  Buy this album.  You'll thank yourself later.
B000023VR6|5.0|Wut up every body, if you liked tha first Dre cd(The Chronic)you'll love his new one!  My favorite song on tha whole cd was forgot about dre, alot of yall lilked it.     If you are a hard core rap fan, buy this now, it has  tha best songs in rap history. As a fan of No Limit Records, I rated this  higher than any of Master P's alblums.
B00000ICD9|5.0|This film reminds me of one of my favorite Italian operas, &quot;Orfeo,&quot; by Claudio Monteverdi.  The story of Chris Nielson (Robin Williams) and Ann Nielson (Annabella Sciorra), is so similar to that  of Orfeo and Euridice in Monteverdi's opera.  Robin Williams will stop at  nothing to reach his wife in the afterworld.  When he is told he can never  see her again for all eternity, he is still determined to get to her  somehow, and he seeks the help of some different &quot;spirits&quot; to do  so, as Orfeo searched for Euridice in the afterworld through the g-ds.   <br />As soon as I heard about this movie, I had to see it, as it sounded so  similar to &quot;Orfeo.&quot;  I was curious to see what a more modern-day,  American version of the first popular Italian opera would look like on  film.  It was even more spectacular than I would have ever pictured  it.<br />The effects in this movie were outstanding.  The movie depicts the  afterworld as a place which I view as realistic, yet surrealistic.  It is a  very comforting film, and I believe that any person with a terminal illness  would find comfort in watching a film like this.  The lesson learned when  seeing this film is that life is simply how we view it, and no one else can  take that away.  <br />This is a true masterpiece of the connection between  soulmates.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I fell in love with Radiohead when I first heard their hit single, Creep, played on the radio.  Despite my fondness for this song, I ended up buying the Ok Computer CD.  This CD combines what seem to me to be new age,  alternative rock and pop rythms into an amazing collection of unique songs  unlike any I have ever heard before.  If you're looking for something  different and poetically emotional, this CD is exactly what you're looking  for.
B00002E233|1.0|Shame on Samuel Jackson for acting in such a cheese festival. I thought that he had more class. Enough with the digital special effects-these were not even in the slightest bit realistic. The acting was so poor that it  often became hilarious. The fake looking sharks took the cake though. Don't  waste your time. Get Jaws.  I wish I could have given this utter piece of  trash NO STARS!
B000003TAW|5.0|A fan of all of their songs played on the radio, I bought this CD expecting more great songs and it was a success.  If you like the Sweater Song, Buddy Holly and Say it Ain't so, you'll love the rest of the songs on  this CD.  Some of the lyrics are very witty and all of the songs are fun to  listen to.  The songs all have an upbeat rythm and are very catchy.  Well  written and well preformed.
0440219078|5.0|The first time I read this book I loved it, now I've read it about 20 more times and everytime I understand a little more. The characters are life like and the setting and plot are cool. I love sci-fi and when I read this I had to have it. It truely is awesome.
B000002KDO|5.0|In my opinion this is Black Sabbath's best album and probably the greatest heavy metal album of all time.  If you are a Black Sabbath or hard rock fan, you should own this album.  One listen and you will want to get all of  Black Sabbath's albums, which isn't a bad idea.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This has to be the best Metallica I have heard yet. The addition of the SF symphony is amazing. Also, almost all their good songs are on the album. Buy it now!
0684874350|5.0|From the very first page until the last, I was living in a different world.  McCourt's style of writing puts you into a trance. Everything I experienced, saw and heard during the time I was reading this heroric  story, was profound.How this man can reach back into his childhood memories  and replay events with such detail and emotion, as if they were yesterday,  is soulful. Just when my eyes were full enough with tears that I couldn't  read another line, I found myself laughing at his innocence and intense  simplicity. I commend McCourt for his ability to truly live. He is an  inspiration to me because of his light heart and strong will. Everyday I am  grateful for a toilet that flushes!
630518299X|5.0|This movie was truly excellent! It is so inventive;not like all those other predictable movies.And although Jim Carrey is more widely known as a crazy,silly actor,he did a wonderful job of being subtly funny in this  movie.I loved how he played his character so knowingly,yet so  unsuspectingly.Definitely a movie anyone will enjoy-there are no severe or  harsh themes,and mild language.Absolutely excellent!
B00000JZC4|5.0|Is it any wonder that this album is so much of an improvement over &quot;Short Bus?&quot;  The former record had weak lyrics, at times sloppy musicianship, but was still a guilty pleasure.  With that filthy-looking  Liesegang guy out of the picture, Richard Patrick has moved ahead light  years artistically.  I want to note that I am not a teeny-bop MTV Filter  fan; I have listened to them since '95.  &quot;Take a Picture&quot; is  definitely my fave, but the rest of the songs rock so DAMN hard.  Worth the  purchase, and then some...
0790742942|4.0|Tim Burton's 2nd major film is nearly as good as his first, Pee Wee's Big Adventure, and that's saying a lot. The imagination, aesthetics, and energy of this film are every bit as explosion as Pee Wee, and the humor just as  rich, if a tad more sophisticated. Keaton's performance is winning, and the  rest of the cast is rather charming as well. This movie is a good example  of the fact that it isn't necessary for a film to be insultingly stupid and  unoriginal in order to be fun, which is a maxim that has seemed prevalent  through the late 90s.
6304539258|5.0|What can you say about the movies that started it all.  I've been a Star Wars fan &amp; collector for 20 years now.  This is where we REALLY first learned about Harrison.  Forever the movie to compare others to, not some  nudity boat movie.
6305252521|3.0|An interesting movie that certainly has its moments -- but it isn't all it's cracked up to be. I realize that this film is working on a largely metaphorical level, and that one shouldn't become too concerned with minor  technical plot-holes -- but there are an *awful* lot of them, both in the  premise itself, and in the likelihood of Truman's reactions to his  discoveries. It takes something away from the enjoyment of the film. And  the fuss over Jim Carrey's stellar performance is completely unfounded;  just because he manages to seem convincingly sad in a few scenes doesn't  mean he should've taken an Oscar home. He still comes of as painfully  &quot;Jim Carrey&quot; -- with mannerisms, facial expressions, and vocal  inflections all far too exaggerated for me to accept Truman Burbank as his  own entity. It doesn't help to know how much Carrey ad-libbed and added in  &quot;his own little touches,&quot; because I'm imagining those are the  very things that made it come off as a little too much. And for once I sort  of agree with Mr. Maltin -- the film feels like it has no where to go after  a while, and similar ideas were handled better in the Twilight Zone. I  think the Truman Show could've succeeded, but it needed something more, and  Jim Carrey still needs to relax further if he wants to be taken seriously  as a dramatic actor (Man on the Moon is more impressive in that respect.)  It is an interesting and at times stirring film -- I am not suggesting it  was a waste of my time to see. But the qualms are there.
6304466498|4.0|I went &amp; saw this movie 3 times in 1987 &amp; I snatched up the laserdisc, widescreen copy when it came out several years ago.  This is my favorite Mel Brooks movie.  Being a 20 year Star Wars collector, you knew  this one would work for me.
6304490119|2.0|I have not seen the special edition, but I would be profoundly surprised if it much improved upon this poor film. A few nifty effects and a potentially interesting premise are all that this movie has going for it.  The characters are flat and unengaging, the pacing is awkward, the details  are corny, the aesthetics are disappointing, the action isn't very  exciting, and ... well, you get the idea. The fact that this film gets so  many good reviews simply reminds me what painfully low standards many  science fiction fans seem to have.
0800139151|4.0|I bought this movie for 1 reason:  Russell Crowe.  Not only can he act, he's my age &amp; he's gorgeous.  The film was better than I thought it would be.  Stone should try a movie where she doesn't have to take her  clothes off, Hackman did Hackman &amp; I'm not a fan, then there's the twit  from the nudity boat movie, yuck.
0440234743|5.0|It was an excellent book-- very enjoyable, and I would recommend it to anyone!
B000002LQR|5.0|Just read below, this is a must get. There shouldnt even be any more reviews written, get it!
B00002Z88D|5.0|I love Metallica no matter what they do!  If they had kept on with the earlier &quot;head banging&quot; music, (not that I don't love it too!), where would they be now?   Same place Megadeath is.....(nowhere!)
B000031XCR|5.0|I HAVE NEVER EVER EVER SEEN A BETTER ALBUM IN MY LIFTIME!  IF YOU LIKE CELINE DION, BUT HAVEN'T PURCHASED ANY OF HER ALBUMS, THIS IS PERFECT FOR. IT'S GOT ALL THE GREAT SONGS OF HER CAREER, LIKE &quot;MY HEART WILL GO  ON&quot;, &quot;IT'S ALL COMING BACK TO ME NOW&quot;, AND &quot;BEUATY AND  THE BEAST&quot;. ALSO OTHER SONGS THAT ARE NEW LIKE &quot;THAT'S THE WAY IT  IS&quot; AND &quot;LIVE&quot;. PERFECT FOR ANYONE WHO REMOTELY LIKES CELINE  DION!
B00003000M|5.0|If you think Rastas don't rap and rock &amp; roll, then buy this CD, you will be surprised. This is one of the greatest albums from Bob Marley and friends, it is irresistible. I played the CD over and over for more than 30  days after I bought it. I think the song Johnny Was is a masterpiece. I  love this CD. Jah bless Stephen for this wonderful production in memory of  his late father, Bob.
B000001ESF|5.0|Most of the above reviews are outstanding(even 1 or 2 of the negative ones), however something else needs to be said about this landmark album and band. Rush PRACTICES WHAT THEY PREACH!  THAT, my friends, is what  separates the great artists from those who experiance just &quot;15 minutes  of fame&quot;. <br />With their 1975 release &quot;Caress Of Steel&quot;, Rush  attempted the make of a great storylined concept album, however, it didn't  quite cut it. Maybe the epic track on the second half of the album  &quot;The Fountain Of Lamneth&quot; didn't have a strong enough story  and/or message to it - who knows? The point is, their record company  shunned the idea of a concept album preferring more conventional  straight-forward rock albums like those we've heard from Bad Company or  Foghat, but Rush was out to distinguish themselves. Instead of being  deterred from the lack of success of &quot;Caress&quot; or discouraged from  writing 18+ minute long epic tracks by the record company. Neil, Geddy and  Alex write, record and release an even better and longer epic track for  their 1976 album  - &quot;2112&quot;!  Three very talented musicians from  the suburbs of Toronto simply knew what they wanted and through blood,  sweat and &quot;Tears&quot; stood their ground. Of course, the record execs  were furious at Rush's blatant disregard for their request, but surely were  silenced by the fact that &quot;2112&quot; became the band's first platinum  selling success! <br />It's one thing to write a body of work, whether it's a  novel or rock album or whatever, and talk a lot of pilosophy. It's another  to put ACTION behind those words and produce positive results.    Rush  practices what they preach and &quot;2112&quot; is there testament.
B00000JZIK|4.0|At the start this movie seems no more than a story about a group of thugs out to make big money. But when it is revealed that they have been brought together by a higher criminal it goes from confusion to amazement when the  crime boss who brought the characters together reveals to be one of them  and the least one to be expected.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I thought Tidal was good, but When the Pawn demostrates a quantum leap in development, musically and lyrically.  Apple is the new Dylan!
052594527X|5.0|Like the paintings of Vermeer, Tracy Chevalier writes with incredible clarity, detail, and elegance.  This book postulates who the subject of this painting was and why she was painted.  It does not disappoint.  The  author's earlier book, Virgin Blue, is only available from amazon.co.uk.   While not as perfect as this book, it is also enjoyable.
6305622825|5.0|This movie is breathtaking. I was completely expecting yet *another* millennium-based,  end-of-the-world film...however I was pleasantly surprised, and impressed. The millennium does play a huge role, but I don't  mind, because it's for an original, &quot;impossible but doable&quot;  cause. Just think: $8 billion. I would tolarate the millennium cliche for  $8 billion...especially since the way in which Gin and Mac do it is  unbelieveable!<br />The scenes themselves are incredible. You could probably  watch a few individual scenes by themselves and get a pretty nice thrill,  they're so great. I was completely hooked after the first two minutes of  the opening sequence. (That was cool. Just cool.) And then there is the  rather (in)famous part in which we have Gin prancing around, blindfolded,  between rows of red yarn. Now that was classic...and possibly the most  erotic, no-touching-involved scene that I have seen in my life. (The music  in that scene is great--suspensful, heart-wrenching. The soundtrack in  general is great for this movie.) And when they pull off the actual  break-in, that's even better! And of course, who can forget the incredibly  sweet scene near the end where Gin and Mac get in a dancing position and  waltz their way through the lazer beams? The entire climax of the movie  itself is breathtaking. Ingenius.<br />The plot is yet another perk. I mean, I  so thought I knew how this movie was going to end. Of course, it did end  the way I thought it would (it's a good ending. I'm glad it turned out that  way), but thing is, there were so many unforseeable twists and turns in the  story, that by the time we actually get to the end, it doesn't seem nearly  so predictable anymore. This is your classic cat-and-mouse movie where the  hunter becomes the hunted and vice versa. I like Gin's strong girl  character (hey, scaling the side of a steel support beam in highheels is  enough to make me go wow) and I like how the plot keeps you on your toes.  You never know just who is who until the end. Entrapment is definately  going on in this movie, by everyone to everyone! Deception...I love  it.<br />Buy this movie. It's sexy, clever, and unpredictable, with some great  one-liners. It is, in a word, &quot;perfect.&quot;
B000021XR5|4.0|Okay here it goes........people don't get mad at me now, but i am getting very irritated with people giving wheiland all of STP's credit. Dean Deleo writes all the music (other than the lyrics) and that's really what makes  this album great. the combination of guitar and hard hitting bass, and nice  acoustic songs. Wheiland is great, but Dean and Robert are doing the work
B000002KDW|5.0|Not to take anything away from the vocal pipes of Rod Stewart or the other rooster-do'd newcomer to the previous Small Faces, but the real star of this band was the late Ronnie Lane.<br />His rollicking &quot;Last Orders  Please&quot; and the heartbreaking &quot;Debris&quot; were classic Faces  (and songs that would stay in Lane's solo repertoire until MS finally  claimed him in 1997).<br />Ron Wood's no-frills guitar playing helped propel  rockers like &quot;Miss Judy's Farm,&quot; &quot;Too Bad,&quot;  &quot;That's All You Need&quot; and the band's only Top 40 hit &quot;Stay  with Me&quot; (#17).  The band also does a nice turn on Chuck Berry's  &quot;Memphis.&quot;<br />This album, along with Long Player--both released in  1971, show why this was one of the few bands that really mattered in the  wake of the dissolution of the Beatles.  This is plain and simple rock 'n'  roll, and nobody could rock like the Faces.  If you weren't around to hear  it when this album was first released, you owe to yourself to get it now to  find out what you missed.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
6303282237|4.0|Fantastic epic and a must for all cinema lovers. I agree with the viewer from the united states 2 jan 2000 . The film badly needs to be restored to its original widesreen format. Pan and scan does it no credit at all. When  it is restored to its original cinemascope glory then it will be second to  none.
B00000K19E|3.0|ok..what do you want when you watch a DVD movie ? Do you want great sound or a great film ? The Matrix has Keanu in it, so we aint buying this for acting now are we ? The sound is brilliant but the movie is average...maybe  a little above average. I think the visual and sound effects will keep  anyone interested for the first couple of screenings but if you watch  movies many times, I think the gimmic of great sound will wear off. A great  one to borrow from your mates for a while wihtout paying for it !
0671027344|5.0|This book was so amazingly truthful.  I finished it in two days because I couldn't put it down.  My favorite part is on page 95, when the narrator and mark are talking about how the sky is a big glass dome.  Read it! It's amazing!  I completely back it up and I know that you'll love it!
0790733226|5.0|I just finished watching the movie again &amp; each time I watch it, I manage to find something new in it that makes me think.  The movie was wonderfully crafted &amp; it involves so many themes &amp; issues that  I  think people don't pay enough attention to (ex, religion vs. science &amp;  their search for truth, faith, etc.)  All in all, it is one of my favorite  movies &amp; I highly recommend it to all the people who want a movie that  will make them think &amp; take a good look around.
B00000732C|5.0|There is just no-end to their talents. It's obvious because of this early release from the masters. It's typical brit-pop for the time. But it stands right up there with the Stone Roses and the other musical innovators of the  time. The most amazing thing is listening to them now. They've come a long  way baby. Primal Scream is one of the greatest bands that ever graced the  scene. Scoop this rare gem up now!
0140868445|1.0|This book was rather long and boring then adventerous and fun. I have read many books written by John Steinbeck such as: The Red Pony, Of Mice and Men and etc. If you want to read this book then go ahead but I would rather  recommend Of Mice and Men or The Red Pony.
0345347951|5.0|Of the thousands of books I have read, this one is going to be in my memory forever!  So many surprises show up throughout the book, you won't want to put it down!  Starting from aliens to devils to overminds to  outragious species but so believable it will give you goosebumps!   Unrealistic experiences became tomorrow's future as Clarke wrote this book!   There is hardly any other words that can describe this book just that it  is supurb and eccentric and (can you tell I like this book a lot?) every  other word you could think of and it truly will change your perspective of  thinking!
0964385619|5.0|This book reveals the secrets that are needed to get way ahead of the pack and to get out of the 'Rat Race'.  I couldn't put the book down.  It was packed with very useful information to help guide to my wildest successes.  Thanks Robert &amp; Sharon
6305428352|5.0|The quality of Mr. Holland's Opus spreads evenly throughout its plot, its message, and its marvelous appreciation of music and the arts.  In fact, this movie delivers both definition and demonstration of music appreciation  as a whole, absent of selective bias.  Devoid of senseless killings,  violence, or notable language, Opus is a family movie without the corny  overtones.  For many it's a tearjerker.<br />But Mr. Holland's Opus unfolds an  issue.  It is a simple plea for an increase in music appreciation among  society--particularly our young people.  Mr. Holland's career is pressured  more and more by the gradual, yet perpetual governmental cuts in school  funding for the arts amid the US.  In sharp contrast, the movie makes it  clear that support for the sports programs in public schools remain firm  and solid.  Careful to avoid cursing this predicament or hurling insults  toward society, this message is rather Hollywood's way of calmly saying,  &quot;Take a look,&quot; using the common life of an otherwise forgotten  music teacher.<br />The central beauty of the movie is in the character of  Mr. Holland himself.  He is an ardent yet sensible lover of music.  The  viewer will find no arrogance or snootiness in Mr. Holland.  It's not his  style.  Instead, Holland's concern for the progressive loss of interest in  the arts is voiced simply, directly, and peacefully.<br />The movie delivers  a powerful message through ordeals within his family.  Struggling with the  hardships of common fate (and some not so common), Holland learns new  depths of love and companionship from both his wife and son.  He is a man  of emotions like anyone else.  He looses his temper on occasions.  But Mr.  Holland is always in control of himself.  He deals with pressures to the  best of his ability as they occur.<br />Mr. Holland is a believable person.  The viewer is free to place him into society with the rest of the world and  to walk in his shoes for a spell.  A superb job from the entire cast of  characters, the journey is emotionally rewarding.m the entire cast of  characters, the journey is emotionally rewarding.
0767836286|3.0|I only have one complaint about Arlington Road; If Jeff Bridges' character Faraday would've cried one more time, I would've  smacked the screen. True, his character went through living hell with the death of his FBI agent  wife. Yet, seeing his performance reminded me of one of his earlier movie  roles as an alcoholic.<br />Other performances were top notch and creepy to  say the least. Tim Robbins is one of those versatile actors who can play  either villain or hero without a hitch. Joan Cusack turns in an almost  evil-comical performance as a cross between a Stepford wife and June  Cleaver; kind of a lunatic mom with a warm apple pie in one hand up front  while concealing a blunt sharp object behind her for the kill. Though, her  character is far from benign I was surprised to see her use her usual  comical appeal for such an evil character with hidden agendas.<br />After  seeing the featurette included on the dvd, I now understand the shocking  climax of the movie. Without being accused as a reviewer of giving away the  ending I can only say that in a way I'm glad the writer or director decided  to go with a non-conventional &quot;Hollywood&quot; ending...
6305041156|5.0|Amazingly powerful and poetic. A masterpiece from the master who is obviously still in his stride. King Lear has never had a backdrop like this before. It is such a romantic and beautiful piece, every cent went to good  use. There is no use in looking for a bad spot in the film because it  doesn't exist.
B000002N2Z|5.0|This cd is the deftone's greatest work. I could listen to it forever and it seems like I have. Chino has an amazing voice and he can scream without his voice going out of control. The guitar riffs and licks are great. This  cd defiantly gives me adrenaline!  Buy this cd
630562285X|1.0|Don't waste your time.  The only reason Sean Connery was in this movie was because he directed it otherwise HE would have been home sleeping.
B00002E233|1.0|Once again, we have a fine example from the 'Throw Millions At The Screen And Forget About A Good Story' School of film-making. Harlin is at his egregious worst here. Yeah, the explosions are huge. The sharks are huge.  The death scenes are the ultimate in needless gore. But the movie sucks.  It's embarrassing to watch and even more embarrassing to listen to. Lame  script. Lame plot. Lame performances. Buy it if you are a moron.
B0000028M7|1.0|This CD is boring trash. I used to think 'Facelift' was good, but 'Dirt' is a terrible disc. The rhythms are way too slow and the guitar work is dull. I used to like AIC, but now I think they are extremely overrated.  Especially Layne Staley. He doesn't play any instruments and doesn't write  any of the lyrics, nevermind the music. The guitarist does all that, and  he's not that good either. Go listen to Godsmack! They rule.
1558908358|5.0|Tron was severely under rated at the time of it's release. Most of the critics (with the exception of Roger Ebert whom I always look up to) and audience overlooked it's deeper concept. It's a shame because Tron is the  1982 version of The Matrix. If a person really looks into the movie, he/she  may or may not find spiritual enlightenment. There are so many levels of  interest in this movie that it should appeal to everybody. It was made by a  different Disney - one with balls. Give it another watch, you'll be happy  you did.<br />The DVD version is the choice to buy, but don't expect too much.  For such a wonderful movie I was expecting A LOT more. But I'm still giving  the movie 5 stars for being itself. The DVD receives about 3.
0140074317|5.0|The Neverending Story is truly an outstanding book.  First published I believe in German, it has been translated into English quite adeptly, although there are a few cases of awkward wording resulting from this.  Other than that, this is a nearly perfect book.  Bear in mind one thing  while you're reading though -- while it is great, it is also a children's  book, so don't go looking for really challenging vocabulary and adult  themes.  <br />I picked up this book in Zany Brainy maybe seven years ago, and  I have read it quite a few times since then.  I find something new in it  every time, and it never gets old.  It stays just as beautiful and perfect  each time.<br />If you've seen the first two movies, they are both based on  this books, the second only nominally, but even the first hardly does the  book justice.  This, despite being a children's book, has themes that apply  all throughout life, and its simplicity is wonderfully refreshing after so  many other books which try to impress you with their incredibly flashy  wording and daunting size.  The pictures at the beginning of each chapter  are skillfully sketched, and this is just overall an amazing work of  art.<br />No matter what your age, buy this book.  Buy it for yourself. Buy it  for your kids and read it to them.  You won't be dissapointed.<br />Another  fascinating book is Ende's Momo, which unfortunately only seems available  in spanish at the moment, but keep your eyes out for it.
B0000027I6|5.0|Waters' third solo album is incredibly well done, easily the best work any of the Floyd members have done since the group's split.  Extremely ambitious, but succeeds at most of its goals.  I actaully prefer this to  most Pink Floyd albums, with the exception of The Wall.  Regardless of  whether or not you are a fan of Pink Floyd, this album is essential  listening.  I haven't heard another album released this decade that is as  thematically and musically rich as Amused to Death.
B0000069CT|5.0|It may well be that you've heard the adagio from Bruch's second concerto and thought it to be a wonderfully romantic piece, and you would be right. However it is, as far as Max Bruch's music is concerned, just the  beginning. The adagio appassionata has a beautiful melody that will stay in  your head all day. The wonderful solo part is backed by a strong and  emotional performance from the orchestra and the piece is allowed to open  at just the right pace. The romance,also on the second cd, continues the  melodic trends that make Bruch one of the more under appreciated composers  available. His love for the romantic melodies that make his music so  beautiful is often seen by critics as a lack of complexity in the pieces  but must, by genuine music lovers, be seen as something for which we should  be grateful. In memorandum is yet another piece to testify to this. Both  the virtually unknown concertos are also superb successes-very tuneful and  cause the kind of stirring often felt when listening to Beethoven. This set  should be in everybodies collection, for it takes a hard soul not to enjoy  them. If, like me you enjoy a moment alone with your thoughts, to close  you're eyes and wonder wistfully at the pleasures of life, then this cd  will warm your heart.
B000031XCR|1.0|THIS WAS A TERRIBLE ALBUM, GET WITH BABS AND GET SOME ADVICE BEFORE YOU CUT ANOTHER ALBUM LIKE THIS ONE.  GOOD LUCK
B000002VTE|5.0|The songs I heard on this album were simply amazing. Some of the most well-executed and elegant lyrics ever written are featured in this CD. Straight-forward and to the point like classic songs of the 50's but  definitely updated for our time. The album flows with a hard-edge that  resembles the frustration and confusion that people can feel in life. Very  highly recommended.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This January 1999 release from Moby is widely regarded as his best or at least his most ambitious work to date, winning a \\"Best of the 90s\\" status from Spin, Rolling Stone, The Onion's AV Club and, interestingly enough, The Des Moines Register. Well known in the rave-techno-ambient-electronica scene, Moby's music shows the future direction of this genre and probably much else too. It's not just the music of rave clubs anymore. It is the music of a mass-society that finds itself awash in voices, information, and echoes from a cultural history that has turned increasingly inward. Play's subtleties -- buried samples and sonic textures -- allow the medium to comment on the message.<br /><br />Play's liner notes contain Moby's views on Fundamentalism, prisons and crime, his Vegan diet, the holocaust, and non-Pacificist Christians. He also lists a number of quotes from world religious leaders about animals. He adds, \\"These essays are not really related to the music, so if you hate the essays, you might still like the music, and if you like the essays you might hate the music. Who knows, maybe by some bizarre twist of fate you'll like them both.\\" Moby's views on animals as food may not pertain to the tracks on Play, but there is no doubt that his spiritual orientation does pertain. Composed of Philip Glass-like minimalist melodies and samples from Hip-Hop artists, old Blues and Gospel songs, Play employs the materialist-spawned tools of what Walter Benjamin called the Age of Mechanical Reproduction in order to engage our digitized souls in a sustained self-examination.<br /><br />Play begins with \\"Honey\\" (sampled from Bessie Jones' \\"Sometime\\") which leads into \\"Find my Baby\\" (Boy Blue's \\"Joe Lee's Rock\\"). Both songs have some heavy synthesizer overlays that establish one of the album's motifs along with a theme of loss and longing for the return of a lover. \\"Porcelain,\\" an intimate confession of dreams of death and jealousy, a song of farewell and regret (vocals by Moby),opens with the heavy synth, acquires a slow beat, and finally a piano melody tripping out note by note that re-emerges in many of the later tracks. \\"Why does my heart feel so bad?\\" (Shining Light Gospel Choir) asks that question again and again, the contemporary equivalent of a liturgical recitative. \\"Southside,\\" words and vocals by Moby, describes a dark day and night marked by endless cycles of routine: artificial light, rain, television, driving across town packing weapons, and picking up friends. \\"Rushing\\" begins slowly and returns to the piano of \\"Porcelain,\\" picking up tempo and arriving at a rushing-stream, Glass-like melody somewhat reminiscent of Moby's \\"God Moving over the Face of the Waters\\" and the dramatic fourteenth track, \\"Everloving.\\" \\"Bodyrock\\" loops fast-paced samples of Bobby Robinson's \\"Love Rap\\" (performed by Spoony G and the Treacherous 3). \\"Natural blues\\" is based on samples from Vera Hall's pleading \\"Trouble So Hard\\" where the major question is \\"Don't nobody know my troubles but God?\\" In the eleventh track, \\"Run on\\" (samples from \\"Run on for a Long Time\\" by Bill Landford and The Landfordaires), Moby levels the gospel guns at us. You can \\"run for a long time,\\" but \\"God Almighty is gonna cut you down\\" if you don't help your fellow man or if you \\"go to church just to signify,\\" among other things. \\"If things were perfect\\" is a spoken word piece where Moby meditates on a cold, empty city at night, wishing for summer. The next three tracks-\\"Everloving,\\" \\"Inside,\\" and \\"Guitar flute and string\\"-are instrumental. Another spoken-word track, \\"The sky is broken,\\" observes the morning after a storm, acting as a reprise to the confessional \\"Porcelain.\\"ute  &amp; string&quot;-are instrumental. Another spoken-word track, &quot;The  sky is broken,&quot; observes the morning after a storm, acting as a  reprise to the confessional &quot;Porcelain.&quot; <P>     To give Play a  good listening, you'll need to play it loud on a good stereo that can feel  all its subtleties-buried samples and sonic textures that allow the medium  to comment on the message.
B000002LND|4.0|Im a enormous fan of Madonnas no matter what she does, but I do find myself prefering her earlier songs to this new &quot;spiritual&quot; thing shes got going. I mean who can say that Like a Virgin is not a pure work of  genius.<br />I love this album and consider Open Your Heart, Cherish and Vogue  among my favourites. Im also fond of Rescue Me, which I dont recall her  releasing. Maybe my memory's going.<br />A great album, filled with great  tunes.
B00000DLV1|5.0|well, this is probably one of the most stunning live performances i have ever heard, away from the fact that live albums are not what we expect, in most of the cases, this one break the rule, and not only that one, every  rule.  The orquestal arrangements are excelent and mixed with the  turntable, it just blows your mind, and  i dont think i should talk about  beth gibbons voice, her melodic lines are among the most complex and  beautiful i ever heard, and the music is so simple but yet embracing,  desperate, uplifting, desolate and squizofrenic.
B00000J7RZ|2.0|If any of you are considering purchasing this CD, I would like to establish some credentials and main reasons.  The words and voice itself are terrible in certain areas with perpetual rhytms and ptch variations  such as &quot;Waiting For Tonite&quot;....Her music is good and if she  worried less about her body and in espanol her &quot;moda y arreglo&quot;  Then her music would be great and less of a MTV song perfect for videos  showing much. She should look into being an actress for not just regular  movies. Great stuff Jennifer, you go girlfriend
B00002Z88D|5.0|This album gives you a new twist to many of Metallica's classics. The two new songs (No Leaf Clover &amp; - Human) are awesome. It really is amazing at how the two genres of music go together. This is a must buy for any  music fan. Don't listen to other jerks who don't understand music. Buy this  cd and judge for yourself. You won't be dissapointed.
0395645662|5.0|My name is Lindsay.  I just read the book The Giver. I think it is a wonderful book.  It's right up there with the Harry Potter books.  I loved the plot. When I first started reading this book, I thought, This would be a good world to live in.  There is no pain, everyone is polite, and you  always have the perfect parents. Then, when I heard there was no colors or  feelings, and the parents don't love the children, I thought, Who would  want to live in this kind of world? This is a very good book, and it really  makes you think! I recommand it to anyone!
0385484518|5.0|This is one of the best books Ive ever read.  No question that it makes you think and really speaks to your heart.  The movie was terrible, but this book is great
0964385619|4.0|Many concepts were repeated...again and again... but nonetheless I enjoyed the book.  I start many books that I don't finish; I read this one in a week.  I've recommended it to several friends who are trapped in the  &quot;rat race&quot; and don't have the motivation to escape.
079073804X|4.0|I am a die hard horror fan, and therefore had to own this one. I would have to say that I have seen films that were more frightening, but few that strike so dirrectly at such a common social nerve. The film moves slowly at  first, but when it takes off, look out!  For me, however, the best part was  all of the extras on this DVD. The documentary alone was worth the  purchase. The sound is finnally worth listening to, and there deleted  scenes that are not to be missed! A must-own for horror fans.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This CD blows my mind and it is the best CD I have ever purchased.  Anybody that even begins to think that this CD stinks is really screwed up and needs some sense smacked into them.  Rock on, Metallica!
0671015206|4.0|Its scary reading this book.  I love knowing that a lot of people are rich, but it bugs me that to be rich youve gotta be cheap.  I dont like the idea of scrimping and saving, but I guess it works.  Anyway, its got a  bunch of good info in it.
6302250269|5.0|Thelma &amp; Louise: , Ridley Scott's great direction of Callie Khouri's flawless scriptof and a fine cast, splendid photography, music that was right on the mark in every scene.<br />This is what great movie making is all  about, and this one was my idea of superb entertainment. Not one scene was  off a scintilla. The actors' every facial and physical expressions brought  forth the emotion called for by every last scene, voice intonations were  perfect.<br />When Louise cautioned Thelma against being so open, Thelma's  response, after revealing her inner pain with expression, was simply,  &quot;Right!&quot; with an emphatic little nod of her head. A tiny snippet,  but like every other part of the movie it was precisely right.  When a look  would do, there was no dialog. We got it.<br />After at least eight screenings  I can't point to a single flaw, not even a weak point. Such passing  characters as Harlan Puckett and the waitress at the Silver Bullet were  perfect, both in casting and execution. &quot;Come on, Hal, not even a  teeny, weeny, weeny little drink?&quot; She was a jewel.<br />Leonard Maltin's  parting comment about it being another road movie was imbecilic. Thelma  &amp; Louise was anything but a &quot;road movie.&quot; It just happened  that much of it occurred on the road -- where else for two girls on the  run?<br />Thelma &amp; Louise has taken a slight edge off some of my old  favorites.
0440234743|4.0|Dont get me wrong, I finished the book in a day and a half, and it was nearly impossible to put down, but Im sure a lot of people will agree with me that as usual, John leaves the ending up in the air. Either he does this  on purpose, or, he's lousy at ending his books? Im not too sure, but I  think that in The Testament, there were a lot of unanswered questions. I  guess this added to the &quot;allure&quot; of the book, but it was a little  dissapointing at the end. What becomes of Nate O'Reily? Does he stay in  Brazil or head back to the U.S? What happens to the Phelan children? In any  case, I still would recommend this book. It combines everything from  adventure, to legal matters, to religion, and it succumbs the reader into a  world of courts and Amazon rainforests. I would reccomend this, but I  wouldnt expect anyone to expect this book to be such an intriguing book  like The Firm or The Partner...let's wait for The Brethren though..! P.S.  Does Grisham like Brazil or what? First the Partner, and now the  Testament..hmmmmm
B000007T1M|5.0|System of a Down is one of the best bands of the new Millinium. I hate that word too, but it's true.  They fit into the same genre of music as KoRn, Limp Bizkit, Static-X, and the Deftones.  The songs rock so hard and  their first radio hit, Sugar is the greatest to rock out to.
1577311523|5.0|This is a book I WON'T loan to my friends; they'll have to buy their own.  If you only read one book on spiritual enlightenment, make it this one.  You'll feel its power the minute you pick it up.  Then the pleasure  begins...
6305399212|3.0|You know, I think it is misleading to say that this film is the &quot;Director's Cut&quot;.  I really don't believe that it is.  It doesn't say &quot;Directors Cut&quot; on the box, maybe it does somewhere but I'm  not sure because I have it back at school.  It does say &quot;Special  Edition&quot;, not directors cut.  The whole point as to what makes the  Alien series so good, is that each time it is done by a great director.   Starting with the first, it's hands down a masterpiece.  But setting a  standard as it did, in a time when new styles of moviemaking were emerging  out of the sixties and into the seventies, only made it king.  Over the  years, in search of trying not to rip the movie off, production has started  to insult the movie audience by making Sci-fi horror into what this Special  Edition has become.  The interest in film is so high right now, but not  many people see it as an art form.  People need things explained to them  and the power of assumption, which stimulates creative thinking, is lost in  movies today.        Adding the whole scene of the colony and Newt and her  &quot;Low-character Father&quot; on  LV-426, completely makes the audience  stop thinking, stop imagining and creating independent thoughts in their  heads.  HHHMMM! This popcorn is good.  BLLLLING(cell phone).  Let the  audience imagine for once what might have happened.  I bet the people who  are seeing Aliens for the first time, in this format, will be really  surprised to here.... &quot;Ripley, we've lost contact with the colony on  LV-426.&quot;  The words just won't play as good to the first time viewer  of Aliens watching this version.        It is fine however, that this  version came out now, for everyone who has absorbed it the last 15 years,  to give us a fresh look on a classic.   The Centuries were cool, and the  scene with Ripley looking at the picture and crying would have garnished  here with the Oscar but who cares about that.  The Homage to Ridley Scott  by having the slow track of the marine ship prior to them awaking was  awesome; whoever decided to leave it out of the original should loosen up a  little.  Its fine to watch this now, but this is how movies are being  presented to audiences in the theaters today.  Who made the rule that only  art films can be artistic, a Sci-Fi movie can't?  I don't know, but their  wallets are fat and their imgination is thin.  See this movie, only if you  know the first one.  Give the original to a friend who hasn't seen it.   Join the revolution.....but don't sell out.
B00000JCOV|5.0|You cant get enough of there music! There is no other band that can match SLIPKNOT! You cant find anyother band like this!  I dont care if you like soft rock,rock, or just anything BUY THIS CD AND WATCH YOURSELF BE CHANGED  TO METAL!
B00000634L|5.0|house by house, border to border, night and day we live and know that we do, and all we can change is our self, bran van reacts and opens the circle to what we really call live
B000000W5H|2.0|When I was fifteen, this was my first Stones album.  The year was 1988, and the last Stones album was Undercover *Shudder*.  Except for the usual cadre of 10 songs heard on classic rock stations all the time in the Rust  Belt, I had no idea that the Stones could make compelling music, and this  album didn't help matters much.  It took me years of bumbling around to  find the really good stuff on the earlier albums.  As for this taken on its  own terms, there ARE some good songs here, peppered with filler.  I  particularly liked &quot;Time Waits for No one&quot; and &quot;Till the  Next Goodbye.&quot;  Languid but good mid-tempo stuff.  I also really enjoy  &quot;Fingerprint File&quot;, which at least sounded like they were trying  something different.  As opposed to the title track and most of the other  songs on the album, which is more Stones-by-numbers than anything else.
078322706X|5.0|This film was artfully done. I was actually quite surprised by this, as many critics and friends of mine completely badmouthed the movie's length. However, if you enjoy hidden meanings found in camera angles and props  (there are many to be found here), as well as a well-written plot, this  film is for you. Meet Joe Black deeply affected me and I truly loved it--by  the end I was in tears. Beautifully done!
0767817478|2.0|This film doesn't even reach the cheesy entertainment retro B popcorn genre, you'll enjoy this one only if you are mind-retarded, ID4 was a hit one is a punch out. And probably a sequel which promise to be worse than  this one will be released.
B00000634L|5.0|house by house, border to border, night and day we live and know that we do, and all we can change is our self, bran van reacts and opens the circle to what we really call live
B000000W5H|2.0|In my review what I meant to say was the most recent Stones album in '88 was Dirty Work. I don't know, those albums all seem to blur together for me.  Pardon my inaccuracy.
B000002INJ|5.0|Have you ever ever heard Manowar? I don't think you have, because if you did, you wouldn't be reading this. You would buy the record without looking at this. Let me explain. This is a totally magnificent album. You can find  music (or metal) to all tastes. From the hard-rockin', fast-movin' and head  blowin' &quot;Wheels of Fire, to the metal ballade &quot;Heart of  Steel&quot;, passing trough the enchanted, choir sung &quot;The Crown and  the Ring&quot;, the power and strenght of &quot;Hail and Kill&quot;, the  bone chilling narration in &quot;The Warrior's Prayer&quot;, this is one  of, excuse me, The best metal album ever. Brothers of Metal, unite! Hail  and kill!
6305169187|3.0|The problem with this film was that it had a lot of action, way to much of it, it doesn't give you time to &quot;asimilate the action&quot; you reach a point in which you say &quot;hey, everything this guys do goes wrong  that's unbelievable&quot; it's lowest point is the scientifical aspect (how  can the common people become astronauts in less than 18 days! , how can  there be surviviors in an space shuttle crash carring a nuclear warhead?)  For the sentimental aspects many scenes look more like a Coca Cola TV  commertial. So I'm only saying that this one, is one of the worst examples  of the popcorn B films.
B00000DD1S|5.0|PART ONE - FOR THE UNINITIATED: It's hard to judge a recording as extreme as this one merely on musical grounds. This is as far as an overblown saxophone can go; Ayler plays as if he were in trance all the time (maybe  he was), even during the long march-like ensemble passages, and then  suddenly, without a transition, he burst into his high-pitched trademark  squeals - one of the most influential and most exhilarating (for less  adventurous souls, probably one of the most ear-deafening) sounds in jazz  history. - Not for everyone, that's for sure -  people who are quick with  the notorious My-5-year-old-child-could-play-this-too comment (which, of  course, would be ridiculous in this case) will probably hit the eject  button after one minute - but it should on no account be missed by anyone  interested in Albert Ayler (or free jazz in general). It`s one of the best  examples for his style and - together with his 'Spiritual Unity' - one of  the cornerstones of modern jazz.<br />PART TWO - FOR THE SPECIALISTS: 1.) This  release combines the originals 'In Greenwich Village' and 'The Village  Concerts' and additionally includes the track 'Holy Ghost' (which was  included in the LP version of the Various Artists Impulse! record 'The New  Wave In Jazz', but not in the CD version) and a previously unreleased duet  with an uncredited piano player. 2.) The sound quality is better than  usual. 3.) An essential acquisition!
6302969352|5.0|first saw the Magnifacent 7 in the early 50s .It started me on a love affair with  Jappanese films.the fencing scenes were great,the plot wounderfull,the acting out of sight.Itis also a history lessen of mid-evil  Japan.The flow of the film is great. Kurosowa at his best.Toshiro Mifune  was a master of emotion. i loved thi movie
B00002DE2L|4.0|Vivaldi's Four Seasons features Anne-Sophie Mutter as conductor, soloist, and adornment for the packaging (9 glossy photographs). Mutter is beautiful in all three roles. Sales of the album are very strong, perhaps confirming  the old adage that sex and violins always sells.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|What was Willie thinking when he dared to say to the Cinescape magazine that this one would be the &quot;most outstanding and imaginaginative film of 1999&quot;? Worst, he said that Obi Wan Kenobi and Qui Gon Jinn would be  no match for him, maybe he thought: &quot;Oh! since I have been the hero on  2 of the most succesful films in history this has to be a hit as well, and  to be sure it'll be released around the 4th of july; because since ID4, Men  in Black, and Armaggedon were instant box-hits and where released on the  4th of July&quot; This film not only lacks of good storytelling, but on  good action, Will's antics don't save this baby, neither the acting of my  scuptural compatriot Salma Hayek. In my country this film was on box-office  for only 3 weeks. So don't waste your time with this one.
6304509154|5.0|Directed by Steven Spieldberg in 1984 this film caused widespread shock at the power it had on the people of America at the time. The plot is excellent: Little CarolAnn Freeling (played by the late Heather O'Rourke)  is abducted by dark, sinister forces through her TV. She has a connection  with them that they want. JoBeth Williams and Craig T. Nelson play  CarolAnn's traumtized parents with deference. Zelma Rubenstein plays the  psychic who does the battle with the mysterious poltiergeist in a constant  struggle between good and evil. What shocked me most with this film was how  real the effects looked and how credible it was. It made me think  &quot;This could actually happen to anybody&quot;. An excellent ending  which gave perfect leeway for a sequel. Again, a classic &quot;haunted  house&quot; film that will NEVER cease in it's power to terrify.
B00000ICD9|5.0|I bought this DVD for my wife, as she loves romances whereas I normally love action and sci-fi. But I also think very highly of Robin Williams, having enjoyed his performances in GOOD MORNING VIETNAM and DEAD POETS  SOCIETY(and I'm a closet MORK AND MINDY fan!), so I watched it with her,  and I was surprised that I ended up enjoying this movie so much! The story  tells of a man named Chris, played by the brilliant Robin Williams, who  dies in a road accident and goes to Heaven, which is his own personal  Heaven, in one of his wife's unfinished paintings. His wife Annie(Annabella  Sciorra), who has suffered the loss of their children with him in the past,  is so devastated she kills herself and descends into Hell. Cuba Gooding Jnr  plays a jovial Heaven 'guide', who shows Chris around and what he can  create for himself, but this stiry proves that he loves Annie so much he  would, quite literally, endure hell to be with her again. This movie had it  all - spectacular visual effects depicting heaven and hell, brilliant  performances all round(Robin Williams makes any movie he does worth  watching, with the possible exception of that turkey called NINE MONTHS)  and a story that will make you think about life in a different angle. The  inverted cathedral images of Hell were an imaginative touch, along with the  sea of faces and Max Von Sydow as a kind of dark man, or tracker, leading  Williams into Hell. Watch this film with someone you love, and you'll  appreciate each other more! It's unusual for me to rate a film of this type  so high, but there you go. Don't miss it.
B000005JA8|5.0|i heard TMR 30 years ago and was just blown away by the music, no one other than zappa was on the same level. i don't think beefheart was trying to make any statement, he was just on a different level than everyone else  and enjoyed it that way. beefheart and zappa at this time did things with  music just for the weirdness of it and didn't think of any impact they  would make. they made music to have fun and be weird. that is the way the  sixties were. don't try to make more out of the music than what it is. just  enjoy.
6305171769|4.0|Rip roaring sequel from an appaling predecessor Halloween 6:The Curse of Michael Myers. This film was full of suspense, and jumps with an excellent cast including the original scream queen,Laurie Strode. Josh Harnett(The  Faculty) and Michelle Williams(Dawson's Creek) provide great acting  support.We wait in anticipation as brother meets sister 20 years later and  Laurie's(Jamie Lee Curtis) determination to carry out vengeance on her evil  brother. This sequel was just as good as the original but the plot is a  flaw that I as a reviewer just cannot ignore. Prequels Halloween 4-6 are  completley ignored with a lot of loose ends such as Laurie's mysterious  daughter, according to H20 Laurie only has a son. The passing of time is  also another flaw. 26 years should have passed, not 20 if you view the  previous. But, if you are a Halloween fan like me this flaw after you have  seen this film should be of little relevance. An excellent must see film  perfectly suited to chill the bones at night. Keep the lights on!
6301885732|3.0|The movie was all-an-all good makeup was great but speaking from a fan of Madonna's she should have had more screen time.The ending should have not ended that way?
B000002BUY|5.0|Unbelievable.The only reason I bought this cd is because I heard New Skin on my Family Values '98 tour cd, and I felt like getting the real version because it was pretty rockin. I had no idea that the whole cd would draw me  in!  If you give this cd a chance, trust me, you will NOT regret it!  Incubus is probably the most underrated group I know, and it's a crying  shame they're not as huge as Korn or Limp Bizkit. They deserve to be on  top, and if you listen to this cd, you'll know exactly what I mean!
B000002U82|5.0|1000 words won't be enough to describe this album. Thanks to my big brother who gave me such a wider musical perspective than I would have had otherwise. I was 8 or 9 in -73/74 when I began listening to it. As a child with an open mind. I remember that I was so impressed with the sound. I thought it sounded modern. So huge and complex! It was definately art. And still is. Can it be compared to anything else? Give some suggestions! I say that this album reflects unique skills which cannot be reproduced by anyone ever. I think that Alan Parsons who took part of the making of this album practically should be counted as a fifth member of the Floyd here! As an untreatable Floyd-maniac (!) I think that you would like to know about other artists and groups I enjoy listening to: The Alan Parsons Project, 10cc, Jimi Hendrix, Marvin Gaye, Curtis Mayfield, Stevie Wonder, Steve Winwood, Barry White, Bee Gees, Dionne Warwick(Walk on by), Neil Young, Supertramp, M Mann's Earth Band, Eric Clapton...
0679805273|5.0|Dr. Seuss' self-therapeutic book about YOU and the places you'll go. Leave the small town and enter the big city. See the big fishes and top cows. Moving along to a far away country that you never heard of are among the places you'll go. Flying in an air balloon to the edges of the earth.  Seeing all different kinds of animals you've never heard before are some of  the places you'll go. WIth your trials and tribulations conqueres and  conquested, you will win out , cause &quot;kid, you'll move  mountains!&quot; Oh, the Places You'll Go!
B000006OBQ|5.0|If I had to choose one Sinatra CD,and that would be very difficult, this CD &quot;at the Sands&quot; would be my all time favorite. It's almost impossible to believe this recording is over 30 years old. The quality is   excellent. Sinatra along with The Count  Basie Band in an unforgettable  performance.<br />If you want to start collecting the music of this man who is  without a doubt, The Entertainer of the Century... Start with this  one...Sinatra at The Sands. You'll love it...I guarantee it.
0156465116|5.0|I would be hard pressed to believe that this book was actually written for kids at all. Who ever the audience intended, it is still a wonderful story about a boy and his small, small planet with a single flower. Wonderful at every turn giving the message that growing up we lose our sense of freedom,  fun, innocence, creativity and imagination. Highly reccomended for anyone.  This edition that I refer to also has some nice paintings that go with it  This book will definately be worth the time.
B0000399WI|5.0|Even if you are not a fan of Stephen King's books, you'll love this movie! Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins are both excellent in this story about the friendship that develops between two people from very different  backgrounds. The ability to HOPE when faced with difficult circumstances is  a powerful message.
0767818040|5.0|Underappreciated by critics, Body Double is a success on many levels.  Unfairly maligned in this case for his liberal drawing on Hitchcock themes in Rear Window and Vertigo, Brian DePalma, with Body Double, has made a  decisive break from Hitchcock and makes the themes of obsession, voyerism,  and pervasive duplicity and sexual betrayal entirely his own.  Mesmerized  by the nightly titillating bedroom routine of sensuous neighbor Gloria  Ravelle (Deborah Shelton), B-film actor Jake Scully (Craig Wasson)  innocuously indulges his voyeristic impulses--until the evening he realizes  someone else is watching Gloria too.  Things quickly escalate to murder.   Melanie Griffith is Seka-like porn star Holly Body, who Scully discovers is  the unwitting key to a brutal murder.  With its triple-flip ending and  beautiful photography (especially the camera's circular travellings during  Jake's brief erotic interlude with Gloria as Pino Donaggio's &quot;Love and  Menace&quot; portion of the score reaches crescendo), Body Double is an  exceptionally beautiful film.  Pino Donaggio's superb score also deserves  mention, particularly his &quot;Love and Menace&quot; track and his playful  and titillating segment &quot;Body Double&quot; theme when Jake first  watches Gloria, to its variations in a later scene in which elements of  menace are introduced as Jake realizes someone else is watching too, and  finally, its romantic variations in the sequence where Jake follows Gloria.   One of the most intriguing and ingenious sequences I've seen in film comes  amid the sequence in which Jake gets himself cast in an X-rated film to  investigate Holly Body's apparent link to a murder.  During the  &quot;film-within-a-film&quot; very soft-porn parody of &quot;An American  in Paris&quot; sequence, Jake begins to have scripted raw sex with ribald  Holly to the throbbing beat of Frankie Goes to Hollywood's Relax.  He  suddenly finds a responsive Gloria in his arms once again as Pino  Donaggio's &quot;Love and Menace&quot; swells on a grand scale.  DePalma  cross-cuts between Jake's fantasy lovemaking with Gloria and the actual raw  sex he's having with Holly as illusion and reality merge to the literal  climax, allowing Jake to consummate his poignant,lost romance with  Gloria--while bringing Holly to orgasm at the same time! It's an incredible  sequence that mixes poignancy, humor, mechnical and romantic sex.  With its  knowing insight into voyerism, Body Double may very well be Brian DePalma's  best film.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the best movie so far and it would be hard  to top.  There is nothing like it.
B000023VR6|5.0|I'm not the biggest fan of gangsta rap anymore.  I used to love it during the time when the best of it was put out (The Chronic, NWA, Ice Cube's Early Work, ICe-T's Early Work, Eazy-E, etc.).  Then, slowly I drifted  towards more lyric based, creatively produced and written music like The  Roots, Gang Starr, and Common.  Now, Dr. Dre has come back and has renewed  the spark in &quot;gangsta&quot; and West Coast hip-hop that Tha Alcoholiks  and Xzibit help start.<br />Dre appropriately named his album &quot;Chronic  2001&quot; because it does not represent this millennium (The millennium  starts January 1, 2001...we are not in it), ut the next.  The production is  excellent, for lack of a better and more powerful word.  Dr. Dre has taken  elements that have been used in hip-hop already and makes them sound  innovative.  <br />The opening song &quot;The Watcher&quot; has a classic Dre  bass beat and a piano riff.  That doesn't sound creative when you read  this, but wait until you listen to it.  Also, hear the almost &quot;Nuthin  But A G Thang&quot; classic &quot;Still D.R.E.&quot;  Although Dre didn't  write the lyrics (Remember Snoop wrote all of &quot;Nuthin But A G  Thang&quot;), it resonates with Dre's funk and insight.  The best song is  &quot;Whats The Difference&quot;, however, if only for the unbelievable  horns and the appearance of both Eminem and Xzibit, both at the top of  their game.<br />This is a CD that is &quot;gangsta&quot; in nature, knows it,  and embraces it.  One gets the feeling this time around that you are  listening to an audio movie versus an album.  You can hear the hard work  and long hours, the miniature scenes (songs) and stuff that you don't quite  expect (skits).  Dre uses almost no samples on this CD and it shows.  Dr.  Dre made me forget the subject matter by sheer brute force.  Now, if a Too  Short or Mack 10 CD sounded like this, I'd be first in line
B00000ILBK|1.0|It would be the worst if not for Star Trek 5.  I was literally stunned by how lame this movie was. To call it nothing but a big television episode is too nice, since this would rank in the bottom of the barrel of tv episodes  as well.  Lame villians, bad effects, no wry humor just plain silliness,  limp reasoning, boring story, and despite the actors knowing these  characters inside and out some of the acting is workman like at best.  It  must be the script because as a director Frakes proved he has what it takes  with First Contact....I just hope they let him direct some non-trek films  (better leave this one off the resume).  Every frame of this film screams  out that it was probably raced into production because the studio needed  another trek film, not a  good one.  To say you like this film is proof  that nothing with trek on it will upset you.  I hope for a long break  before the next film, and hopefully it'll erase any thought of this mess  from my mind. Yeesh! This was BAAAAAAD....
B000002KIE|5.0|This is a great record. Period. I feel that the albulm is very well produced and the band is tight. I am very pleased and this record paved the way for another great band, which is GREEN DAY!  This cd is worth a lot  and means a lot to music.
B000002HJA|5.0|this album isnt as good as sky valley or blues for the red sun but it is still worth buying one inch man is a fuuny song lyric wise gloria lewis   is a decent song the high point of the album is el rodeo it changes speeds  several times wich sounds pretty amazing. other than thoes songs the rest  are just average kyuss songs. that aint bad either but it couldve been alot  better even though it is a really decent album
B0000039QA|5.0|Notorious BIG is the Illest &amp; greatest rapper of all time and that's a fact's. Just cop this cd and you'll see how original biggie's flow were and how he always had hit song's, one after the other cause of his ill  flows.This is a true hip hop artist that will never fade and will never die  in the hearts of millions. <br />Only a tupac fan would diss this cd cause  they have nothing better to do at home but to run their parent's phone bill  or college line just to post multiple negative feedbacks on other artist's  for no reason. <br />Try listening to real hip hop like rakim, krs-1, dj skot  la roc, slick rick and more and you'll understand why biggie really was a  true original rapper with his own unique and blessed style.<br />To all ya  haters, ya need to get out your homes and get on with your lives cause  hating is addictive especially ya outsidaz.<br />R.I.P. Christopher Wallace  A.K.A. -=BiGgY SmAlLz-=
0440234743|5.0|The testament was hard to put down. i stayed up til two in the morning and was ready to fall asleep, but i still couldn't put it down. this is a great book, and if you want to be interested, read this book!
B000031WD9|1.0|This movie is totally LAME!  I heard all the people telling me they laughed so hard they hurt... I did not see it...The laxative scene was a total ripoff of Dumb &amp; Dumber...I got a couple of mild laughs from this  movie but dont WASTE YOUR MONEY on it.. Rent it first unlike me...Wasted 20  bucks..Will never watch again  Oh well maybe I can trade it to one of these  people who enjoy this garbage!
B00003XACV|4.0|It is always nice when a film releases a score-only-cd.  I was disapointed when I saw the soundtrack out and only two of Newmans'tracks were listed.  Other great Newman titles are How to Make an American Quilt, The War and  Fried Green Tomatoes(the score album.
0060931671|1.0|But boy, this book just turned me off completely.  I take the point of the reader who wrote the review &quot;Great Writers Are Not to Blame for Your Lack of Education&quot;, but I also believe that one should feel free to  say, &quot;I just didn't like it&quot; and not have to worry about having  your intelligence or lack thereof implicated.  Having said that-- the  character names; silly.  Plot development; nonexistent.  Characters; flat  flat flat.  This is all purely my opinion-- I'm definitely more of a  classics reader.  But I did get an education, and continue to educate  myself, so I don't feel too bad about not liking Pynchon.  And I think I  may still give Gravity's Rainbow a try, you never know...
B000002HMH|1.0|The first Metallica song I ever heard in my life was Until It Sleeps. I was expecting something fast and heavy hence the name METALlica. Instead, I heard Alternative rock similar to Bush. If they want to make this type of  music then the least they could do is change their name because this does  not represent metallica. I later bought Kill 'Em All and I heard a totally  different sound. Please don't buy this album or Reload. However, I DID  enjoy both discs in Garage Inc.
B000001DZM|5.0|This soundtrack is as fun as the movie.  Perfect for road trips or if you feel like dancin'.
B00001ZWTT|5.0|Sure this wasn't the best movie in the world, but it isnt as bad as everyone thinks it is. You have to go in knowing that it is a comedy. It wasn't suppose to be realistic. For me the thing that saved this movie was  the fact that Salma Hyek was in it!  If you like looking at beautiful women  go see this movie. You even get to see the upper half of her rear in it.  She wasn't in the movie as much as I wanted,though. OVER ALL A GREAT MOVIE  that could of used 1 or 2 more funny scenes.
0964385619|5.0|I really like the overall attitude and tone in this book even though some of them, I found, a bit to the extreme.<br />The book gives me an alternative financial goal. Personally I always want to have my own business and  reading this book gave me more reasons for doing so. To reach financial  freedom for one.<br />The book got me hooked and I couldn't put it down till  the end.
0790729628|1.0|I purchased this title because I had seen Blade Runner and wanted to own it.  I thought that the &quot;Directors Cut&quot; would be even better because it would include more NOT less.  With this version you get more CUT  and less movie.  Take my advise... stay away from this Directors Cut.
0425170055|5.0|This book is great.  Tom Clancy yet again does a great job depicting the business of anti-terrorism and espionage.  This bood is good for anyone who is into that kind of stuff or a fan of Tom Clancy
0790733226|5.0|Actually i, personally, didn't think that the novel &quot;Contact&quot; could be applied to a motion picture for it had multiple levels of storytelling. Moreover, it presented a long time period with ingenious  connections, references and, of course, memories which could turn out as a  disadvantage for a film to grasp it all. However, Zemeckis' demiurgical  blend of Sagan's novel with conventional Hollywood approach makes this film  an experience to enjoy. What's so striking is that, the film and the book  almost enrich one another. For example, in order to visualize the Machine  (of course not fully, because it's a bit altered in the film) described in  the book, you have to see the film. On the other hand, if you want to touch  a deeper level of meaning &amp; cross-references (through a magnificent  choice of quotes, flawlessly constructed storyline, and the unique  perspective of the universe &amp; life itself that Sagan makes us witness)  you have to read the book. But beware: if you read the book 1st, then you  may find the film less satisfying. Because, after all, this is a Hollywood  production. It has to address the public taste with a pinch of a love  story, injustice &amp; redemption sequences, and of course a  &quot;comprehensible&quot; finale. But no matter what, it's a sparkling  film with an unforgettable performance from Foster. Check out the book for  a more puzzling ending. But don't miss this beautiful &quot;visual&quot;  version of the novel. Because Ellie says it all: &quot;no words can  tell..&quot;
B000002UAU|5.0|I don't even know why I need to rate this.  This is without any doubt the greatest and most significant piece of recorded music in the 20th century.  If you don't have it, you should buy it.
B00000J7J4|1.0|not since frank sinatra's awful two duet albums has a pop record gotten so much attention and just like those two this is just as worse.while Carlos Santana is one of the baddest guitar players ever his choice to cash in  with the latest thing sucks big time.Rob Thomas can't sing himself out of a  bag of open chips.Wycliff is talented but he is playing the same song  over&amp;over again.Lauyrnn Hill doesn't bring anything to this disc at  all.Eagle Eye cherry isn't half the talent of his sister or even a penny of  his father.Everlast is wack.and so is the overrated Dave Matthews.the only  cut i like is the first one and the one with Eric Clapton who himself does  boring bland music.aside from his guitar there's not much goin on.and sadly  on this disc the same can be said for Santana.but the grammys will eat this  up?
B000031WD9|5.0|This is definately a five star! It is very funny! Some high school friends make a bet to loose their viginity by Prom night. Most of them are  free so they all have to find ways to get a girlfriend and loose their viginity.If  you liked Animal House,Detriot Rock City you will love this movie
B000002KBU|5.0|the richness in her voice bring the words&amp;music together.there is nothing out now that is like her style.this is a very relaxing disc and it has a warm texture through out.she has influenced many and continues to  matter with her work.a time-less disc.
6304196784|5.0|I guess this one needs no further presentation. It is the best dramatic comedy since Nuns On The Run, perfectly combining British humour with an exciting story of crime, lies, intrigues, love... and animal torture!<br />If  you haven't seen it yet, JUST DO SO! NOW!
6301963911|5.0|you could argue that this is the best Woody Allen film ever.so many films and other comedians&amp;directors have been greatly influenced by it.i feel this is one of the greatest films released in the last 25 years.it's  quality and just a great film.
B000005DQR|5.0|Wild. Absolutely wild.  Shadow hits home with this one.  The album seems to depict a story, especially if listened to in its entirety.  I listen to it at night as i travel from college to my hometown.  Definately a must for  those who crave the laid back jazz hollowed out beats and samples.
B00000IMYA|5.0|i couldn't wait to get this.i was so happy to finally get this.Duke Ellington at Newport was&amp;is a musical event.very essential music from a true classical artist&amp;legend.Duke&amp;the band have the golden touch.
B000028U0Y|5.0|This CD is great.  I love live cds and you really get a great sense of the live performance and the audience from this recording.  I absolutely HATE country music but this is one rockin' CD.  JC rules.  Also, check out BB  King at Cook County Jail.  Another live-recording-at-a-jail cd that rocks.   Inmates make great listeners.  They really get into the music and it makes  you appreciate it all the more.
6305205620|5.0|This dvd set is the best one i have yet. For the money you get a load of extras ,great sound and great video. It is Metallica at there best , and if you are a Metallica fan you should own this dvd.
0425129586|5.0|Agatha Christie's classic tale of murder, intriuge, and the clever mind of a sociopathic killer. Character development is crystal clear. Though I found the identidy of the murderer obvious towards about the last 40 pages  of the book, I was drawn in.The idea of being stuck on an island with a  murderer whose idea you have no idea of is terrifying, and gives us all  chills. I never found a dull moment in any part of the book, and i don't  think anyone who reads it will. Christie has once again spun  a spider web  of terror to make us shiver at night. An excellent read that will leave you  thirsty for more.
B00000J7J4|4.0|This is a solid work . However , you must approach it with an open mind . If you are not into Latin sounds ( and I mean REAL Latin sounds , not ordinary prepackaged pop with horns , timbales and a couple of phrases in  Spanish a la Ricky Martin , etc . ) you may find many of these songs  difficult to handle at first , in spite of the Eric Claptons  , the Dave  Matthews and others . Even if you are not an eclectic , give this one a  chance . It may help you begin to expand your musical taste and discover a  very rich and exciting musical genre.
0446605409|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed my first read of a Nelson Demille novel.  His writing is excellent and he manages to keep you enthralled by his ongoing humour and story unfolding.  I'm off to buy the rest of Nelson's books to read!
B000006NPY|5.0|this is a great album, after I heard it I bought all the rest of their albums. It shows you a very cool face of the smashing pumpkins, you gotta try it
0446605409|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed my first read of a Nelson Demille novel.  His writing is excellent and he manages to keep you enthralled by his ongoing humour and story unfolding.  I'm off to buy the rest of Nelson's books to read!
B000007SPU|5.0|The title says it. Whereas its predecessor was interesting, though uneven, Filigree &amp; Shadow simply sets a mood and maintains it, deepens it, and completes it full circle in a way you thought a CD could never do. I enjoy  all forms of music: U2, REM, Cowboy Junkies, The Cure, 10,000 Maniacs,  Philip Glass,&amp; Kirsty MacColl to name a few. If you have similar  tastes, and you've never heard Filagree &amp; Shadow, you will be blown  away!
0811806405|5.0|This is it folks, this is the bible of flattop guitar-making.  Nothing is left out.  I knew the making of an acoustic guitar would be an involved and complex process, but until reading this, I had no idea.  If you think you  may want to get into guitar-building, this book will let you know the level  of committment it will take.  It will weed out the wannabees, and excite  the serious.
0375707972|2.0|I thought I would pick the book up to read because so many people are recommending it and the subject matter seemed interesting.  Unfortunately, I found the book to be emotionally detached and hard to relate.  The main  character is hard for me to sympathize with.  While the woman is a tragic  figure, I wish I could read more about what is driving her silence.
B00000K31V|2.0|eXistenZ is a shallower reworking of Cronenberg's earlier work and succeeds only in bringing the ideas into line with the more modern technology. Videodrome is more intelligent and far more atmospheric while  James Woods' role in the lead is far more involving. I became somewhat  depressed watching this film because it looked very much like Cronenberg  had run out of ideas. One other thing - I've always liked the ending to  Cronenberg's films, but the line 'Are we still in the game?' is really  laying it on with a trowel.
6304806418|4.0|this evita dvd is too beautiful as it is the first time i see a entirely different Madonna.she was so graceful in this movie.I just don't understand why the world see her as a filthy woman.i think she was very serious in the  acting and she really bring out the strength and weakness of eva peron.she  deserve the credit ok!and the music really touch me,I cried during the  funeral scence it is  a movie to be keep by all Madonna's fan
0684867621|3.0|I began reading Stephen King's books when I was not much older than the protagonist, Trisha. Twenty some years later, I think I can still remember what it was like to be her age. Unlike many other readers, I do not think she is terribly precocious. It is a bit of a stretch that she is equipped  with basic wilderness survial skills, but if she wasn't, there would be no  story.<br />It is all too apparent that Stephen King researched the effects  of hunger &amp; dehydration, in places it feels almost like reading a case  study in the affects of deprivation on the preadolescent child.<br />While I  enjoyed the change from his horror novels,(lately these seem same old-same  old- as if he is just played out in this vein) this book seems  transitional. About halfway through the pace picks up; as if King had lost  interest &amp; was in a hurry to finish. I feel the slower pace at the  beginning ratchets up the tension and puts the reader more in sync with  Trisha. Panic and just the fact of being alone in the woods can make  minutes drag on interminably.<br />I hope Stephen King further explores new  territory and doesn't give in to demands from fans for more of the same old  stuff. Hopefully, he will become more comfortable writing outside his usual  genre and future novels will be the equal of his best in the horror realm.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|The music on this CD is inspiring, moving and powerful. Each track is a delight to listen while showing the immense talent and diversity of Williams over so many years.<br />If you like John Williams but don't want to  buy 30 odd Cd's this CD is a great alternative. A must for any lover of  great movie scores and powerful themes.<br />The first CD is mainly older  tracks which didn't excite me much at first as I was unfamiliar to a number  of the themes. However after listening through the tracks, I was amazed.   <br />The second CD will blow you away.<br />While this CD is absolutley  fantastic I must briefly query some track selections. Two notable  exclusions include Nixon and Amistad.
B00000J7J4|5.0|It is a great CD with not 1 but about 6 hit songs that are groovin' and up beat.  This Santana revival is a real must buy!
0060977493|5.0|This book is not for speedy reading and not for those who are into action movies. It takes you over and does not leave you ... maybe for the rest of your life. How often do we end up in care of The God Of Small Things...   Rare beauty of author's speech, unmistakenly unique vision of the world,  keen sadness ...  Take your time for this book, new reader, I wish you find  your place in the beautiful world of Arundhati Roy.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie is great, period. The story is very original for a movie. Though this movie can get old after watching it a few times the meaning of this movie makes up for it. I recommend this movie to anyone over 12  because the blood and gore are pretty low and the movie may be hard for a  youngster to understand.
0060916540|5.0|A good many books and short stories have been written about mountaineering accidents and tragedies. Every bookshop worth its salt will have at least one or two to chose from, but if this one is on the shelf - get it! This is  a tale which will grow on you as you turn each page, compelling you to read  on and on to its breathtaking conclusion. Simpson nearly died the first  time, but there was worse to come. The author has made no attempt to  glorify the story, nor alter the facts to shed a kinder light on his own  thoughts and words, or the actions of his partner. This book is not just an  account of a human tragedy on a mountain; it is a journey into the depths  of a man's soul. It is as much about philosophy as it is about  mountaineering, but don't let that put you off - it's a real heart thumper!
B00000K3UR|2.0|Ok, this movie does have some funny parts but it gets very old about 20 minutes into the movie. The &quot;little on-liners&quot; are over-used and are irritating. I will admit that Adam Sandler is a funny guy but this  movie does not reflect what he is possible of acheiving.
0316920045|1.0|Well,what a mind numbingly boring,pretentious book this was.I'm sorry but life is too short for such turgid prose as this,and I'm sick of books that are all just literary allusions,please,enough already..The only reason I  trudged though the morass of  DFW's 1,000 page plus post modern conceit was  because I had wasted so much time already,also I had the perverse hope that  the hype was about something.I was wrong.Don't buy this book,and if you do  don't read it,use it for weight training or toilet paper or anything else.
B000001FN8|4.0|this cd is really good maybe not somethin outstanding.its one of those albums that u waanna listen again n again.especially good rhytm of love,pasion rules the game,and media overkill.still good album.
B00000IQBN|4.0|Although a die-hard fan of Stanley Kubrick cinema, I was a little worried about 'Barry Lyndon'. I had read various reviews that complained about the length and the slow pace. Add that to my general dislike of period pieces,  and its easy to see why 'Barry Lyndon' was intimidating.<br />Thankfully, my  fears were unfounded. While the 3 hour running time is staggering when  read, I was pleased by how smoothly and swiftly the time passed while  watching the film. It felt like Tape 1 was done in 5 minutes.<br />The imagery  in the film is truly beautiful - but if you've seen any other Kubrick film,  this is a given. <br />All in all, I'd say this is a great film with great  performances by a great Director that pleasantly surpised me. Certainly not  for everyone, but art-film fans will find plenty to rave about.
078322804X|5.0|It is the Blues Brothers. And it ain't that waste of film BB2000. It is the real McCoy. I don't think it needs any further review.
B000031WD8|5.0|If you want to go back to your High School years, this is the movie to buy. It is a great addition to your collection. Worth every penny!
6300271285|2.0|This movie is not to be viewed by little kids, because I have for two years after viewing it had a very hard time sleeping.  If you would like your kids not wanting to eat greens, because of this movie sure go ahead.
0307987698|5.0|I am a 25 year old married woman with no children (yet) but I buy both of these books (The Monster and Another Monster) for my little cousins, nieces and nephews, and my friend's children.  I remember having my mom and dad  read the original (The Monster) over and over.  I can only imagine how  tired they got of reading it.  It still sits on my shelf and I laugh every  time someone questions me about it! :-)
B00000269W|5.0|This version of Round Midnight is one of my favourite pieces of all time. Why..? Because its sharp, singin and continues to reach, up there. It cries and smiles at the same time, is dark yet light, because it carries so much  feeling that would take many moons to explain. Enough said, the rest of the  tracks are splendid too, and if you like Miles muted horn and Trane in his  early stages, plus one of the most excellent rhythm sections ever in jazz,  this is it. Listen carefully to the easy intro and you might notice the  great potential which is about to unfold, but like always with Miles, each  thing in its own little time.
6304030967|4.0|Definitely a great movie worth the watching. The opening scene is a couple of 19th century boys who bury a box. They are obvioulsy scared - it's a dark night and they can hear wolves. Despite their fear, they agree they  must bury it. One nearly panics as steady drumbeats begins from the board.  They bury it when one boy asks the other, &quot;But what if somebody finds  it?&quot;<br />There is a deadly pause before the reply: &quot;Then God have  mercy on his soul...&quot;<br />1969, a small town. Alan Parrish discovers the  board and invites his friend to play the game. Yet they unknowingly unleash  powerful forces and Alan is sucked into the game &quot;until the dice read  five or eight&quot;. His friend is chased screaming out of the house by  bats.<br />1995 - Two young kids discover the board in their new home and  begin playing, bringing about the arrival of giant mosquitoes and a lion,  and bringing Alan back. Yet there is no way out of the game except to  finish it. During the course of the movie, everything from stampeding  rhinos, to floods, to a crazed hunter with a machine gun appear all  attempting to kill the players.<br />They succeed in ending the game and the  board is eventually sent downriver, till it enters the sea. There is a  quick epilogue of the characters and how their lives end.<br />The closing  scene is the best. The board is lying on a beach. Two out-of-focus  characters are seen as the drumbeats begins. One of them says  &quot;Qu'est-ce que c'est ce bruit?&quot; The writing underneath translates  - &quot;What's that noise?&quot;<br />The movie incorporates the best parts of  movies to create a really good movie - comedy, drama and plenty of  thriller/action with lots of good acting AND special effects. Worthwhile  seeing, but not really worth buying in my opinion. It lacks something I  can't quite put my finger on...<br />One thing I can say for it - the sound  effects for the movie are really really good in a house of horrors (trust  me, I tried it!)
0767836251|5.0|Teens and young adults alike will enjoy this movie.  Although some people may disagree, the acting was wonderful and all of the young actors and actresses did a superb job.  Ryan Phillippe plays the scrumptious  seductionist, Sebastion, step-brother to Kathryn, played by the lovely  Sarah Michelle Gellar.  They plan a sceme that includes Sebastion seducing  the good girl, Annette, played by Reese Witherspoon.  A total must for  those who enjoy a nice chic flick once in a while.
B00001SIES|5.0|From the very first time I heard Muscle Museum on the radio I was hooked!...I couldn't stop thinking about it....and getting Showbiz was the best thing I've bought in ages....from the first song on the track  Sunburn...I was enchanted...many people think they sound like Radiohead but  I say don't judge them until you've heard it yourself!...They have a unique  sound that will stay stuck in your mind for weeks.  If you only want to  listen to one song...try Unintended, that song reduced me to tears...full  of emotions that are powerful and strong throughout the album.  It has a  song for any mood you may be in...I especially like Cave when I'm  angry...it releases any stress in an instant!  If I ever met the guys  I'd have to buy them an award for a truly brilliant album...well done to  them!..if that doesn't convince you its a great album then I don't know  what will!
1881273156|5.0|I was impressed with the positive perspective in this book.  Yes, relationships are hard.  But with some work, they can be great. This book was helpful...without the psych-babble or the lame gender excuses.   Provided a helpful framework for understanding yourself and your mate  better, and some good discussion questions to get conversations started.   Finally figured out the secret to what makes my current relationship  challenging.  Now my boyfriend (who also enjoyed reading this!) and I feel  positive about how we can build a better future together.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Siamese Dream is definately in the Top 5 rock albums of the 90s, with only &quot;Nevermind&quot;, &quot;Ten (Pearl Jam)&quot;, and &quot;Core (STP)&quot; ahead of it. &quot;Cherub Rock&quot; and &quot;Today&quot; are  awesome. And one more thing: don't be scared off by the &quot;explicit  content&quot; label on the album; they don't cuss a single time in the  album!
B000002C1W|5.0|I get sick of hearing that this album is not up to the quality we are used to from Pink Floyd.  I am a Waters fan but I also can enjoy a quality cd when I hear it.  I don't think this cd is the best they ever did but it is  unique in it's own way.  Highlights include Learning To Fly and One Slip  Away.  THese two songs alone would make it worth purchasing and it is not  like the rest are totally bad either.  Granted that the song titled A New  Machine would definatly qualify as Floyd's worst ever.  It is not perfect  but it does sound suprisingly sweet as a whole.  Gilmour can belt em' out  like never before.  It is the second best cd made by Pink Floyd(Roger  Waters) in the 80's right behind Amused To Death and deserves some  respect......
B00000IL1K|4.0|I got 'Eden' as a New Year's present. I loved Sarah's voice: it has wonderful quality, and it's very bright. She sings a very wide range of works from movie theme songs to songs with a beat, to songs in a foreign  language. Some of the songs weren't very interesting to me, which is what  makes the album on the bland side, a little. My personal favorites are  &quot;Only an Ocean Away&quot; and &quot;Tu.&quot; I recommend this CD to  someone who can appreciate a wonderful voice and the Arts.
630445841X|3.0|I really enjoyed the first half of the movie but mid way through it started dragging.Although Tristan is the leading character i don't get what makes him a legend,the fact that he abondoned his girlfriend and later  dumped her and on his return expected her to be waiting for him or the fact  that he never bothered to inform his family about his whereabouts.    My  fav character in this movie is Alfred.I mean i seriously felt sorry for the  poor guy.As he says so himself ,in the movie,he followed all rules made by  God and man but was still on the losing side-nobody really loved him
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is an awesome CD. All the songs have a good beat and great lyrics. I don't know why they put the parental advisory on it. That was an afterthought cause I bought mine when it was first released and it doesn't  have the advisory on it. The lyrics are funny and if you really listen to  them you will realize that the songs are not serious. C'mon Dysentary Gary?  I really advise you to get this CD. All my friends have it and like it.
B00000269M|5.0|All you really need to know about Bad is that it is the work of a pop genius at the top of his game.  Of course, he's fallen by the wayside artistically since then - Dangerous and History only occaisonally reveal  the old Jackson magic but are otherwise mediocre - yet Bad is truly a  one-off, and to this day it remains my all time favorate album.  It was on  this album that Jackson  had found his own very individual style, and it is  stamped all over this disc.  Quincy Jones' immaculate production, with the  exception of a few drum sounds, hasn't aged at all,  and Jackson was at the  height of his songwriting powers.  Leave Me Alone, Another Part Of Me and  Smooth Criminal whip along with no room to breath and the epic Man In The  Mirror shows that when he holds back the sentimentality he can pack quite  an emotional punch.  It's a shame that Jackson accepted so much creative  input from much lesser talents on his subsequent albums when it's clear  he's light years ahead of them.   Eleven songs, ten classics, one great.   What more do you need?
6305426651|5.0|This is such a good movie. It has a great combination of laughter, happiness and sorrow all packed in one. It also has a bit of history in it. I watched it with subtitles and after about 10 minutes of reading I totally  forgot I was even reading it because the movie just pulled you in. I highly  recommend this movie. If you want a sad movie that isn't a downer this is  one for you. It's great.
B00000K19E|3.0|I'm 30 years old.My hobbies watch the movie,listen to music and tracking
B00000K0E5|5.0|I have reviewed this excellent DVD again, and I now want to add a quote from it. <BR>(It is not included in Quotes &amp; Trivia by Amazon.com)<BR> I really like this one and I think it is true... <BR> -007 : It was too  easy Alec...<BR> -006 : Half of everything is luck...<BR> -007 : And the  other half?<BR>     Alarm Sounds<BR> -006 : FATE<BR>
B000002PCS|5.0|Since I first saw the film many moons ago I just HAD to have this music.It took me two years to find it and it has remained a very special and treasured possesion.Once heard, it's haunting and soul-stirring beauty will  always remain with you. It has the power to make the hairs on the back of  your neck stand proud or reduce you to tears.I relaxed to this music when I  was pregnant with my son,and when he was born it was the only thing  guaranteed to get him to sleep.The most excellent score by John Barry in my  opinion and I'm so glad I found it here on C.D as my tape is almost worn  out! Thanks Amazon.com!
B000005ILF|4.0|I definately came to appreciate this album over many listenings. Whenever I feel tired of my other albums I will often come back to Mercury Falling. The title track is great and Valaparaso is a gorgeous song. This is sort of  a modern-day Blood on the Tracks in that it represents a catharsis about a  relationship-with a little less bitterness.
B00001IVOR|3.0|When I bought this, I was dissapointed, but it was worth the purchase. The sophmore jinx strikes again.
B00002E233|5.0|When you start this movie, you can't resist finishing it ! it takes you to another wild world under the sea. amazing pictures and acting combined with marvellous sound effects (specially with 5.1 Dolby Digital) makes it  endless fun ! Remember, to feel the most of the movie .. watch it in the  right conditions on the right sound system.
0385312083|5.0|This is the first book I've read of Vonnegut's. A friend recommended it, and he is a smart guy. I honestly loved how unique the book was. Truly a classic!
6305127646|5.0|Even though The Saint doesn't apply to my favorite movie genre, this movie is by no comparison my all time favourite movie. It has it all: A very beautiful love story, action, an innovative theme and great acting. I  bought this film when I was madly in love with a girl I couldn't have. It  prevented me from being depressed all the time, but I still haven't figured  out why. It's a magical movie which contains something unique but yet  unexplainable. You have to watch it to understand what I mean.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|&quot;When you go solo you hold your own hand&quot;-Fiona Apple... Initially I was indifferent to this CD, however, I read the lyrics and the music began to grow on me. The words and music are written by Fiona Apple  herself, the sign of a true artist. The music is unique and innovative,  using a classical orchestra to help produce an alternative album. Fiona  Apple's voice is the female equivalent of Louis Armstrong's; flexible,  complex, while remaining feminine. The lyrics, especially for track 10,  &quot;I Know&quot; are provocative and reflective of the eccentricity of  the artist. I highly recommend this to those searching for refreshing, deep  music.
068484267X|4.0|I really truly didn't wish to read this book at first, wondering if i would find it to be both inspiring and entertaining in one package.  I eventually picked it up off my &quot;i'm going to read that later&quot;  shelf and just read it, finding it to be thought prevoking and beautiful.   What surprised me greatly though...was it was also very amusing at  times...it made me laugh.  That was unexpected to say the least and it made  the book more enjoyable and interesting to read.  This book is beautiful  and touching, and sometimes, when it makes you sad, you have to remind  yourself that this is about a man's life...and it touches your heart even  more.  Worth the money...worth the read.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I think that he just needs to relax and live a little bit criticizing a band for having &quot;I did it all for the nookie&quot; Just chill out.  Just because most people enjoy listening to stuff like that doesn't mean  they were &quot;dropped at birth&quot; as you like to put it.  The songs  creative not a stupid lyric as you pretty much called it.  If you watched  any of the interviews where he discusses the song the song does have a  point.  Just CHILL OUT, and stop criticizing stuff you know nothin 'bout.
6304331851|4.0|Now...i'm not going to say that this movie is Oscar worthy or anything of the sort...it isn't.  But what it is is wonderfully enjoyable and fun to watch.  The music is absolutely wonderful (&quot;If ever I would leave  you&quot; is beautiful) and the sets and costumes are great.  True, this is  not exactly in the class with all the other Oscar winners...but its good  fun, and the story is classic...what more could you ask for?
B00000IPAX|5.0|I absolutely loved the new Blink cd.It was their best one yet!They have stayed true to there punk,but did a little something extra with it too!It's a awesome cd if you like punk music!.(or if you like seeing three really  hot guys in there boxers!) Its a excellent cd with great beats and  harmony.The lyrics to some of the songs are really touching,yet they still  seem to make you laugh!If you dont have this cd you are really missing out  on some wicked goos music!
B00002Z88D|5.0|WAW! Simply great: this album sounds very nice, and it got so much power!  The songs are really different from the studio version, and it is nice to discover old song in new dressing! The orchestra is really helpfull  for some song, and this is very nice! If u listen to Metallica sometimes, u  must buy this CD... I've seen that some other bands now are recording with  orchestra, like Scorpions... Metallica were the first!
B00000DHRX|5.0|I've loved George since his Wham days and I must say, this is one of my favorite CD's. I've turned on about twenty other people to it and they love it as well. George, you were blessed with a talent and I look foward to  your next work. Too bad you don't do concerts. My husband and I would be  the first ones at the door.
B0000000LI|5.0|This concert was amazing on t.v..  In person would have been out of this world.  So the cd is the next best thing.  If this is your first introduction to yanni, buy it!  you'll be hooked.
B00000DFSK|5.0|I've been a U2 fan since I was twelve(Let's just say I'm in my late 20s now) and this CD just takes me back. Saw them twice in concert once at the Sun Bowl in El Paso, TX at their Zoo tour with Public Enemy  and the Ice  Cubes(back before anybody knew who Bjrk was) and once at ASU in Tempe, AZ.  AWESOME.
0451196716|5.0|Once I started reading this book I could not put it down.  You get drawn into the lives of the characters and just have to know what is going to happen to them.  This book stays with you long after reading it.  It really  makes you think of what would happen to you if you were in the same  position as Garraty and his fellow Walkers.  I recommend this book to any  King fan or anyone in need of a good read.  It's fantastic, I read it  twice. :)
B00000JCB2|4.0|My 20 year old sis in the States got me into this(I'm female and dare I say it, 27 now) What can I say, this music is catchy. That's all I need. It wakes me up in the morning. Need I say more? Amazingly enough, this CD is  in the top 20 here in Germany  where  I live even though it gets no radio  play or any play on MTV Europe(which sucks, okay maybe VERY late at night,  but like that counts).
630518299X|5.0|&quot;The Truman Show&quot; is a movie that goes to show you that you can make an amazing, mind-blowing film out of a simple idea and terrific actors. Jim Carrey shows the first signs of becoming a true actor. He gives  a dazzling performance as Truman Burbank, a golly-gee whiz kind of guy who  works in life insurance. Truman doesn't know his entire life, from almost  his conception, has been broadcast on international TV 24-7 all year round.  And when he finds out, he struggles to liberate himself, and does so in one  of the most touching and brilliantly-executed finales that I've ever seen.  Director Peter Weir does a great job of filming this enthralling film from  a truely original screenplay by Andrew Niccol. Why the film was virtually  ignored at Oscar time is appalling.
B000002A3T|1.0|Well....... it's better than Momentary Lapse of Reason, but since I think it's one of the worst albums ever, it doesn't count. <br />WARNING: If you want to hear what's real Pink Floyd, don't buy anything after Roger left,  because, as Pink Floyd fans know, at least the half of Pink Floyd were  their good lyrics, and face this fact: David has no talent to write a  lyric, and neither does his girlfriend. And his horrable act to try to make  the Roger's ghost over Pink Floyd go away by changing the music also, it's  almost insultable to every Pink Floyd fan. I mean, this pop nonesense don't  impress me! <br />If you want to know the real Pink Floyd, then listen to  everything between 1970 - 1980, because then you'll discover why so many  love this band. <br />If you are a collector, I dare you to buy this to find  out that without Roger, the lyrics lost their meaning (because they aren't  even written by them, they got help for that!) and the quality faded away.  <br />If you want to hear somthing newer I recommand Amused to Death by Roger  Waters, that's something that is worth to own. <br />Well if you still want to  hear this, I give you an advise: Shut your ears to the lyrics and forget  the old Pink Floyd and then it won't hurt as much!
6304297912|3.0|Before I had seen &quot;Trainspotting&quot;, I asked some friends and family what they thought of it. I only got one person who said they liked it, and everyone else thought the film glamorized drug use. I had to see  and decide for myself. While the film isn't a masterpiece, it's at least  worth a Friday night rental. The story concerns Scottish heroin addict Mark  Renton deciding to go clean and ditch his loser friends. He gets into real  estate in London and, just when life's looking good, his buddies come back  and hook him on drugs again. I think some people believe that this film  glamorizes and promotes drug use because the main characters shoot up as if  it's nothing -- well that's what addicts do! This film is anti-drug,  because Renton struggles to free himself and never gives up. Because of  this, the film ends on an upbeat, hopeful note. It's worth checking out,  people.
6300183211|5.0|Brian De Palma's Scarface is a colorful, realisitic and undeniable crime classic that inspired everything that came after it-- from Miami Vice to innumerable Golan Globus knockoffs to the work of John Woo (Bullet in the  Head) to King of New York, New Jack City, Sugar Hill and more. A three hour  masterpiece, it is also De Palma's best film (his second Carlito's Way  teams him with Scarface star Al Pacino and more Latino characters). In  Scarface, De Palma tells the story of Tony Montana, a dirt poor Cuban who  arrives in Florida, sees other drug lords earning fortunes then begins his  own rise to the top. The first act details his slow climb to meeting the  boss. The second act details his dalliance with the boss' girl (Michelle  Pfeiffer in her debut role), which leads to a Shakespearian &quot;usurping  of the throne.&quot; The final act details the reality of the late boss'  life, the partnerships with drug lords even more ruthless than Montana and  his &quot;little friend,&quot; the M-60 machine gun (seen here in its  cinematic debut, grenade launcher and all). Ignore the critics: they hated  it upon its release, but today, agree that Scarface is a must-see.
B0000025IE|5.0|ahhhhhhhh yesssss one the best metal albums ever .its true sometimes the classic bands are better. this is a excellent cd .old priest as well as metal classics &quot;breaking the law&quot; &quot;grinder&quot;  &quot;living after midnight&quot; and countless bands have tried to cover  grinder but no one does it like priest ..they are the best metal band  ever.hail j.p they rule.get this true metal fans this is a album one has to  have to call themselves a metal freak....outta here.
0425152251|5.0|Warning!  Do NOT read the Kirkus Review of __Sophie's World__ on this web site!  The world-weary reviewer bluntly reveals the pivotal mystery inherent to the book, with no warning to his hapless reader, totally  spoiling the book for those yet to finish this wonderful experience.  I'm  furious that Amazon has such a *deadly* review residing on the site of a  Mystery novel.  It's ruined the reading experience for me;  I was half-way  through, and the excitement has been destroyed by this thoughtless essay.   Bah!
0553573403|5.0|This book is the way to write epic fantasy.  Having been disappointed by Jordan's novels by 1998, I was leery of picking up another doorstopper fantasy. Well, I was blown away.  Trying to keep the names of families  straight in the beginning is difficult.  But, it is well worth the small  times of confusion.  Once you have the families straight, the story is that  much more rewarding.<br />As Martin has stated, one of his main inspirations  was the War of the Roses,  which is a turbulent time of history for  Britain.  You can see the similarities between the primary families of the  novel and the main families involved in the War, the Yorks (Starks in the  novel), and the Lancasters (Lannisters in the novel.) There are other  similarities.  But, I am not comparing the two here.  Suffice to say, this  is still a work of fiction and a masterful one at that.  The book reads  like a narrative history, and this is also one of its strengths. Martin is  not afraid to make his characters live and suffer consequences.  And they  are richer for it.  And they, in turn, enrich us, as readers.<br />If you  are looking for a true page turner that will keep you up well into the  night, look no further.  And, as some other reviewers have suggested, buy  the second novel &quot;A Clash of Kings&quot; when you buy the first,  because you will want to continue this sweeping saga as soon as possible.  And &quot;A Clash of Kings&quot; does not disappoint either.  In fact, I  enjoyed the sequel more than &quot;A Game of Thrones.&quot;<br />Readers,  drop that Jordan book, and step away from the bloated series. Put your  hands on one of the best fantasy novels ever written, &quot;A Game of  Thrones.&quot;
B000002NJS|5.0|Being the incurable romantic I am, I immediately fell in love with this album. &quot;The Power of Good-bye&quot; is one of the best tear-jerking ballads ever; a strong contender with &quot;I Will Go With You&quot;. This  album is melodic, daring, different, well-crafted, and has a fantastic  array of songs. From the bubbly &quot;Ray of Light&quot; to the slow and  somber &quot;Mer Girl&quot;, from the sad and poignant &quot;Power of  Good-bye&quot; to the chants of &quot;Shanti&quot;, this is a diverse album  which displays the full talents of the ever living Madonna
B000000XB9|5.0|Rarely can you find a Greastest Hits album that acually contains all hit songs.  Usually there is always a clinker or two.  Not here each song is well known. My favorite song, &quot;Who'll Stop the Rain&quot;, reminds me  of Woodstock 69. This one is a true classic
6305426651|3.0|in temrs of what expectations from foregin films are, this one falls short. I no way does life is beatiufl(or any other film in that matter) come close to the emtionaly powerful films of Ingmar Bergman or Andrei  Tarkovsky, In one way is it as haunting as any of werner herzog's jungle  headtrips. And it of course lacks the dpeht of Kubricks films. This wasnt  even the best foregin film of that year. The only reason this  &quot;film&quot;( I use that term lightly since this is more or less  an  B.S. show seinfeldesque show in extend play) is becaues miramax  went on a  five millon dollar add campine which bought off critics( yhea sisko ebert,  lyons and maltin and shalit all come with price tags, mirmax will only pony  up the money to buy them ) and had the audience beliving only second had  info. The only reason anyone liked this movie is becuaes of the cutes they  got from the kid and the wife and beingi ape jim carrey or jim carrey aping  beingig( who cares they cant act or be funny aways .
B000003BE4|3.0|IT CONTAINS SATISFACTION,PROBABLY THERE BEST SONG,AND THE LAST TIME,A SONG WHICH SHOULD HAVE GONE TO THE TOP OF THE CHARTS IN 65, BUT DIDN'T.THE REST OF THE ALBUM,HOWEVER,IS JUST OK LISTENING,NOT BAD,NOT GREAT.I GIVE THIS  ALBUM 3 STARS BECAUSE I RATE THE ENTIRE ALBUM FROM START TO FINISH.PERHAPS  YOU MIGHT WAN'T TO CONSIDER A HITS COLLECTION WITH THE TWO SONGS MENTIONED  ABOVE OVER THIS(LIKE HIGH TIDE AND GREEN GRASS)
6302484391|5.0|Marilyn Monroe is beautiful and portrayed her slightly blind, ditzy, character beautifully.  Lauren Bacall is equally brilliant in her role as a wealth obsessed model.  Betty Grable is also memorable in her role.  This  is one movie you can watch over and over again and never become tired of  it!  It is humorous and entertaining.  It is beautifully scripted and  acted.  Watch it by yourself or with friends!
0790729628|3.0|This was one of my favorite movies and I thought that the Directors Cut would indicate that it is improved in some way. Well the Director did not like the narration of the main star, Rick Deckard. I have a DVD copy and a  VHS copy and the VHS copy has the narration. I prefer the narration but the  tape version does not have the picture quality. I would very much like to  find a &quot;normal&quot; copy on DVD.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|Fiona has come up with a consistent, accessible collection of songs filled with angst, despair, hope and melancholic sultriness. Most of the lyrics project such a depressing mood ('Love Ridden', 'I know') and psychological  instability ('Limp', 'Get Gone' and 'Fast as you can') one would wonder if  artists should succumb to this kind of ironic displacement to gain such a  remarkably unique pessimistic insight into life. At the end of it all it's  easy to get tired of such hopelessness and you'd just want to move on,  despite the impressive line-up of instruments (especially the percussions)  used to convey the message. After listening several times to this CD that's  just what I did ... I stopped the scathing cycle of blame by putting the CD  away and now I felt happier. Fiona is a true artist in this sense, but a  sensible human being cannot feel this way forever. [my rating is 3.5 stars  rounded up to 4]
0448060191|5.0|This is now my favorite book!  The struggles that the whole family goes through touches me.  It reveals how sorrowful and joyous a person can be in a matter of time.  Happiness doesn't come with your wealth or belongings,  but with your family and friends.  I can relate to the girls in the  different situations.  The story made me laugh and made me cry!  I would  say it is by far better than the movies.  The use of detail and description  is beautifully done.  I like how the language and story are so old  fashioned and find myself using such dialect after reading it!  I would  recommend this book to anyone who likes bitter-sweet stories that make you  think.
B00000K0DT|5.0|The plot of this movie is amazing! It is an intelligent thriller that keeps you guessing even after the ending. You have know idea what is going on until the very end and then you still don't know. Gabriel Byrne is at  his usual best, but Kevin Spacey is unbelieveablely good. I guess that is  why he won an Oscar for his performance in this movie. If you like crime  drama, this is the movie for you. Oh by the way, it does have some great  action sequences.
B000003S2O|3.0|I rate this CD in the middle of Eno's works.  It is not as enjoyable as Music For Airports or his projects with Harold Budd.  The music seems contrived and it is difficult to follow. If I had the choice, I would pass  on buying this CD.
014028009X|1.0|I was surpsied at how utterly pathetic Bridget is. I kept waiting for her to face her alcoholism. And I found the writing awkward. I guess leaving the subject out of the sentence is supposed to make it seem more like an  actual diary, but I kept having to re-read to make sense of it. I  understand that people like this book and hey! that's great for you. But if  you DON'T like this book, try &quot;The Girls' Guide to Hunting and  Fishing&quot; -- Jane is so much cooler than Bridget.
B000001ZCS|5.0|When I first heard Soft Cell so long ago all I knew was &quot;Tainted Love&quot;, but when I heard &quot;Sex Dwarf&quot; I was blown away. Yes it's very strange &amp;  unusual. Much like Roxy Music's &quot;In Every  dreamhome a heartache&quot;. Soft Cell I thought was tame until I listend  to this album &amp; I would recommend it to as many people as I could.  &quot;Seedy Films&quot; also another unusual song. There is also &quot;Say  Hello, Wave goodbye&quot; really good song. Overall a good album &amp; I  listen to it a lot.
B0000039PW|5.0|&quot;Ready to Die&quot; is the best cd ever.Every song on this cd is blazin and it is one of the few cds that can be played all the way through without having to skip a track.&quot;Juicy&quot;,&quot;Everyday  Stuggle&quot;,&quot;Suicidal Thoughts&quot;,&quot;Unbeliveable&quot; and  &quot;Machine Gun Funk&quot; are the highlights of this album although  every song is hot.This album has been out for 6 years and it keeps getting  better.A classic that ANY hip-hop fan should have.Biggie takes you through  his life on the streets and shows just what livin in the ghetto is all  about.
630450862X|5.0|When I first heard about the movie,it really didnt catch my attention.But my mom convinced me that it was a really good movie.So I decided that the next time it came in tv I would sit down and watch it.Just so happends it  came on that night.I loved it.I recommend this movie to anyone.This  signifies what a real horror movie is all about.
B000002BE9|5.0|It just boggles my mind that Fiona was my age when she made this album, yet the material is so incredibly complex, full of jazz chords and rhythms, and wonderful lyrics. I admire her a great deal and wish that I was as  gifted a songwriter as she.
B00000JPHF|5.0|This is an excellent film. If you enjoy old movies and are a classic fan, you must have this movie in your collection. The only Frankenstein film better is the 2nd one(Bride Of Frankenstein). The print is in excellent  shape !
6300263673|5.0|I love this movie!   Great dancing and good actors and actresses!   Great story line! I think whoever is reading this should really give it a try!   It is one of my all time favorites!
6301442962|5.0|Probably the best-loved Christmas film classic for children ever made.  As Santa himself, Edmund Gwenn gives his  beautiful Oscar - winning portrayal while John Payne and Maureen O'Hara are fine in their roles......... The actual Kris Kringle is hired as Santa for the Macy's Thanksgiving parade but finds difficulty in proving himself to the cynical parade sponsor. When the boss's daughter also refuses to acknowledge Kringle, he goes to extraordinary lengths to convince her. A holiday classic equal in classic status to IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE with Gwenn and Wood especially engaging.  On his deathbed, actor Gwenn was asked &quot;is dying hard?&quot; His reply? &quot;No. dying is easy.  Comedy is hard&quot;.
B00000AFWW|5.0|From just the opening chords and &quot;Oh, make me over&quot; lyrics, you KNOW that Courtney Love and Hole are back!   Excellent CD!  Highlights include &quot;Celebrity Skin,&quot; &quot;Heaven Tonight,&quot; and  &quot;Playing Your Song.&quot;  This album has a well balance of  songs.<br />:)
0783113145|5.0|I thought that this was a truly great movie. De Niro did a wonderful job as director. I own this movie and have watched over 30 times. It is so very well written and the acting is great. All though Sonny is not a good  person, I still cry when he dies. The only part of this movie I dis-like is  the language. Before buying the video, I saw it on t.v. where it is edited.  I think the language really takes away from the movie even if that is how  they talked then. But overall this is a movie not to be missed!
6301963911|4.0|I always liked Woody Allen's ensemble films better than the ones in which he is the main star. Annie Hall which has a large cast but essentially lingers on Allen's relationship with Annie(Diane Keaton) till the very end  is a sweet if structureless film. Through many episodic stretches we are  treated to many hilarious jokes and innovative techniques, such as  consulting people on the street for their opinion etc..., but the movie  also has a real heart, especially in the final scenes, we see Woody being  rejcted after having flown thousands of miles from N.Y.(beloved) to  L.A.(detested)to ask Annie back.   I think Annie Hall was showered with  praise because it was the first Allen film to show real feelings behind the  shtick, but in retrospect it is nowhere near his best film.Like the wildly  overpraised Manhatten(3 stars), it has the advantage of having come first.  Without a doubt the best Allen film is a three way tie:Husbands and Wives  (energy),Hannah and Her Sisters (Just Perfect) and Crimes and  Misdemeanours(Sadness), all which have Woody as part of a large ensemble  telling more than one story and all ofcourse 5 star stuff.
6305603847|4.0|Probably the best attempt anyone could possibly make at filming the music to Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall.&quot; The few stand out magical animated and filmed set pieces plus the haunting music make this film shine above  any other of it's type. The DVD reveals it as I remember on the big screen,  crisp and beautiful to watch. May give you a bit of a downer by the end,  but worth it for the sheer magic of the ride.
038532653X|4.0|I LOVED this book it was great.  When you read this book you just have to keep reading.  I couldn't put it down after they have found &quot;him.&quot;  I read almost the whole book in 5 hours after that.  At the beginning of the book it's boring.  Just keep reading you will start to  enjoy it soon.  The only thing I didn't like about this book was that the  ending was sort of cut off and you don't really know what happened to  Micheal, Mina, or his sister.  I would most likely recommend this to people  who like mystries and have to want to keep reading even if some parts are  boring.  If you like to try to solve things that they don't tell you then  this is the book for you.
0060931736|2.0|Boring and repetitive. The ending is given away 1/3 into the book, rendering the remaining 2/3 an exercise in redundancy.  However, a screen writer managed to transform this into a rather engrossing film, due in  large part to the brillinat performance by Magie Smith. Given the option, I  strongly recommend renting the movie.
0792156684|1.0|This is a bad movie I do not understand why it won best picture of the year or best director,the acting was so bad as was the writing and story.If you do want to see the best picture for that year watch L.A.Confedential.
0395645662|5.0|Whrn I first read this book in the 8th grade, I thought that it had no point, and was the worst book in the world because it didn't make any sense, but now my opinon is different.  Recently I pick up a copy of The  Giver and read it front to back.  My opinion now is totally different from  when I read it last.  I now relized that this book did apply to our lives  and it was very real.  I suppose as you grow older you get a new or bigger  perspective on things and the society that you are a part of is one of  those things.  The Giver is an awesome book, it is well written and can be  enjoyed by everyone.  If at first you don't enjoy it, then put it down and  read it later.  Circumsanctances in your life will change your view on this  book.
B000002MJC|1.0|My God!If I ever find myself needing to empty my stomach, I'll listen to this album. Absolutely horrible. I have followed DM over their careers and have loved every single album until this monstrosity.This recording  actually offends me. I'm sorry guys but you just lost it on this one.  However, Ultra, which comes after, is back on track with presentable music.  Buy all their others but run from this one. Shudder... Shudder...
0670647500|5.0|I RECENTLY WENT TO SEE THE MOVIE THE HURRICANE- ABOUT THE LIFE AND INPRISIONMENT OF RUBIN HURRICANE CARTER.  I WAS SO EMOTIONALLY MOVED BY HIS STORY, AND HOW HE NEVER GAVE UP HOPE FOR HIS FREEDOM.AMAZON.COM DOES NOT AT  THIS PARTICULAR TIME HAVE ANY COPIES AVAILABLE OF THE 16TH ROUND IN STOCK.   I WAS TOLD THAT IT WOULD NOTIFY ME IN ABOUT 2WEEKS TO LET ME KNOW IF THE  BOOK IS STILL IN EXISTENCE.EXCELLENT MOVIE!DENZEL WILL GET ANOTHER ACADEMY  AWARD!
B000002C25|2.0|Oasis dogged it on this album.... Be Here Now and Dya Know What I Mean are the only 2 songs on here that don't drive you mad.  It's still a fun album to own for like a month, but after that it will collect dust.  I don't know  what it is about Oasis, but their songs just tire very easily, unlike the  songs of say, U2.  Anyway I'm sure the next album will be great again.   Yeah Yeah Yeah.
0446910201|3.0|I found that this review was fair, but I would rather read the whole contexts of this book myself; before I can really say what I thought about this book.  One thing I know for sure, this book comes highly recommended.   So because of this I would like to purchase it for myself when the time  comes.
B000001DTM|5.0|I'm so cool that I have 3 copies!  This is a great CD to pop in your stereo anytime, whether you're smoking or if you're having a party...whatever.  Achtung Baby is non stop fun.  This CD is probably the  best U2 will ever make, and that's saying something.  The Achtung era is  when Bono stopped being a whiny bleeding heart liberal and became a whiny  bleeding heart liberal with cool shades.  5 Stars.  Rock on, Ya'll!
0446525537|1.0|This book was a complete waste of my good time. I would have awarded it no stars if that was possible. I read it because it was the book chosen by a member of our local book club. I thought it was brainless and simplistic.  <br />I had read The Notebook and Message in a Bottle, and while they did  nothing to elevate my mind they were nice little stories. This one just  made me mad that I paid good money for such a predictable story.<br />I will  never buy another one of Nicholas Sparks books again. Fool me once, but  never again.
B000001E18|5.0|If you want to know what the future is like in a large European city like, say,,,,, Prague.... Put Zooropa in your CD player.  That's what it feels like.  Can I finish?  Can I finish?  Ok.  I'm Finished.
0316926345|3.0|Waugh is a great writer!  If you don't get to read this book, read his other works.  This book covers talks about a wealthy family and how it slowly fell into obscurity.  Charles Ryder reports on friendships with  various family members - primarily about schoolmate and his sister.  The  relationships give great insight on topics such as religion and alcoholism.
B00001QGPS|5.0|This cd is awesome the best time to listen to it is, as i'm sure method man and redman would agree, while you are blazin one down. the cd has hot songs
6305426651|5.0|I really loved this film. I think it is truely a masterpiece. Fist, for me it was easy to watch without ever feeling bored. Second,it depicts more than just a love between father and son. It is a way of living, a way of  viewing this precious thing called life. We often forget this. We forget  that we have only one life  and we should note how beautiful it is while we  can. We raise artificial barriers all over the place when they don't always  exist. For example when I first saw Guido he looked like one of those  strange half-idiotic people that no one really likes. But this is not the  case. He is just one of those people who have not forgotten the way he  looked at life when he was a child. He didn't do anything too strange or  extra funny, he just was himself. And he was lucky that he met the right  woman who understood this. The second part is really sad, because now we  know what precious person he is and we see that he has to die. Why? Because  this is an idiotic world. A world full of hatred without reason, of people  who prefer to hurt and kill rather than make the effort to be good. This is  how we loose the beautiful - in wars, in violence, going along one set  path, following others and not leading.  For me this film is not a romantic  comedy, it is the real life - with its happy moments, with farse and absurd  and with unwanted tragedy. But we have to see it with the hope that we will  make it better.
6305622930|5.0|Since the creation of the great American nation, every war has produced its heros. Perhaps, the greatest hero to America would be General Patton. In Geroge C. Scott's portrail of the General, he is able to capture the  essence of the fallen hero. Throughout Patton's life he was misunderstood,  maligned, and often ignored. A prime example of his superior's treachery  would be Patton's slapping incident. The DVD version of the movie gives an  audio essay which explains the situation in great detail. <br />In my opinion  every true American should both appreciate andunderstand the movie. It  presents a man who's own foresight caused his demise.
0783204914|5.0|Of all the movies that I have seen that has moved me, Scent of a Woman was the one that did it.  A highly emotional movie which starred Academy Award Winning Actor, Al Pacino who portrayed Ret. Lt. Col. Frank Slade, and Chris  O'Donnell as the young fresh faced student of the prestigious Baird School,  Charlie Simms.<br />Charlie(O' Donnell) takes a job caring for Slade(Pacino),  a washed-up, decorated military man who clings to his Jack Daniels, so he  can earn enough money to go home for the Christmas Holidays.  Along the  way, Slade takes the young man through different turns during the  Thanksgiving Day weekend in New York City not knowing what the boy will  expect.  While the unpredictable occurs, Charlie contemplates his fate with  his school honor--a conflict of interest with who is your real friends and  who are not.<br />The entire movie wraps around relationships and how  strangers can make a difference in a little over 2 hours and 37 minutes.  For one weekend, Charlie and Slade discover that they need each other more  than they thought, with different circumstances.  You'd have to see the  movie to know what I'm talking about, especially the finale.<br />The  director, Martin Brest(Beverly Hills Cop and Meet Joe Black), has the knack  of bringing out the best in the characters even in unpleasant situations.  The soft sides always show in those who don't appear to have it.<br />If  this film had a theme it would be, living is worth living.
B00000AFWW|5.0|I just love this album. It's beautiful and ever so lovely. Normally this isn't something i'd listen to but these songs are just so damn catchy. I bought it over a year ago right after the &quot;Malibu&quot; single came  out and got it. I had no idea what to expect but i'm so glad I bought this  album 'cause it's brilliant. I don't mind pop music if it's done right and  it isn't gonna get any righter than this. All these songs are beautiful and  I can honestly say I can sit through them all. I'm upset that Melissa left  the band but at least she is in the Smashing Pumpkins and I like them too.  &quot;Northern Star&quot; is my favorite on here. &quot;Malibu&quot; is  great but it makes me feel like a girl when I listen to it 'cause I say  things like 'the guitars are so lush and and the bass is mesmerizing' then  I feel like I wanna dance but I don't 'cause I can't. But the song is so  good I hit repeat even though it's got this feminine vibe and i'm a sixteen  year old male. I love this album a lot and I can't wait for the next one.  I'm kinda hoping it'll be hard like &quot;Be A Man&quot; but i'm gonna  learn how to dance in case it isn't.
B0000065TL|5.0|This has to be the best thing to watch if you ever want to know what it must be like to be a super star!This is the kind of film that makes YOU act like a super star when the movie is over!,no holds barred ,truthful,honest  and wickedly funny ,madonna goes all the way and then some!
B000031WD9|5.0|When I first bought this movie, I expected it to be all about a guy and his pie.  But it was a lot more than that.  It starts with a pact between four friends to get laid before prom, but evolves into a romantic comedy  about relationships, love and yes, SEX.  If you're  girls, you'll love to  see how the guys change into HOTTIES with a romantic approach, and if  you're a guy, you'll love to see how the good looking girls finally put out  in addition to the crude humor (not to mention the nude scene with Nadya).   And if you're past your teens, you're going to love the trip down memory  lane back to your high school life.  If you're planning on watching this  with your parents,  think again.  Like the actor says, high school is R  rated, not G, so plan on watching this with your friends or by yourself,  because there might be some akwardness with your parents.  Overall, this  movie gats five stars:  five for the hilarious COMEDY, five for the  creative PLOT, five for the perfectly shot SEX SCENES, and five for the  sweet ROMANCE of it all.  No matter who you are, I have to recommend this  movie to you, it's a must have for everyone!
0792156684|2.0|All this movie is about a ship that sinks, and the love story in it. There is a third class passenger (Di Caprio) who falls in love with a first class passenger (Winslet) who really doesn't have any money at all. The mother  doesn't approve of this relationship because she's higher than him, and is  engaged to someone she doesn't love. In the end sinks, and he dies.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I loved this C.D.  It was absolutely terrific and I enjoyed it better than her first.  The reason I relate to Alanis (like many other females) is because she fully explores her anger, confusion and most of all: hurt.  &quot;Front Row&quot; is lively and exhilarating. &quot;Would not  Come&quot; is about trying to find satisfaction in anything.  &quot;Your  Congratulations&quot; is sad and haunting.  &quot;The Couch&quot; is hard  to describe.  Let's just say I loved it.  These are just a few of the many  songs that I enjoyed.  Her only pathetic song is &quot;That I would be  good.&quot;  The rest are truly beautiful.  You won't regret buying this  C.D.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|I would just like to say that I think Ms Fiona Apple is quite the songwriter.  Her first album was amazing and I was hooked when I heard the bass line from &quot;Sleep to Dream&quot; from Tidal.  However her  sophomore release is blowing me away. I got the CD for my B-day(1-8-00) and  I haven't stopped playing it since. My favorite songs are &quot;Limp&quot;  &quot; Get gone&quot; and Paper bag&quot;. While her voice may not be  technically the greatest, it invokes something you don't hear too much from  today's female singers;that is these are her songs and she is going to sing  them whether you like it or not. I am so glad she did not hit that  sophomore slump like a lot of artists. I really hope she does not get  burned out. She needs to keep making good music
B000003PWZ|5.0|The Animals were a beloved &quot;alternative&quot; to the Beatles during the first British Invasion. They issued only three American studio LPs in their original configuration with organist Alan Price. This collects all  the &quot;hits.&quot; But the Animals were also an album band, which gives  this compilation its strengths. <BR> <BR> Everyone knows the immortal  &quot;House of the Rising Sun&quot; &amp; the awesome &quot;We Gotta Get  Out of this Place.&quot; But you'll dig the rest of this stuff, most of it  snappy yet tough R &amp; B. It also includes the hilarious &amp; true  &quot;Story of Bo Diddley.&quot; <BR> <BR> The Animals carried on in this  vein for a few albums after Price quit the band. Those cuts, which include  &quot;Inside Looking Out,&quot; &quot;Hey Gyp&quot; &amp; the  Zappa-produced &quot;All Night Long&quot; are well worth seeking out. Then  Burdon took complete control of the Animals name &amp; headed for the  psychedelic colonies in America. But that's another story &amp; another  music.<BR> <BR> Bob Rixon, WFMU
B00000JY1X|5.0|All in all, Iam very pleased with 69 love songs. its explores all angles, all options. While at first, it might seem a bit overblown, and might get a bit tired, it makes sense, and works very, very well for its direction and  theme.
B000001AJG|5.0|When I first got this album over a year ago, I wasn't too thrilled with it, I had one favourite back then, &quot;Outside my Window&quot;. Now I think it is his best album. Just listen to &quot;Power Flower&quot;, that  has an awesome melody that is so sincere and honest and he sings it in a  tone i've never heard him sing in before. Another favourite for me is  &quot;Come back as a flower&quot; that is sung by Syretta but she does an  excellent job singing to another cool music track done by Stevie with very  direct percussion. This album does contain a lot of musical experiments  which took me a long time to fully appreciate but now I realize that  they're all brilliant in their own way. The song &quot;Secret Life of  Plants&quot; is one of the last songs on the album and is sampled many  times on many of previous tracks, some very briefly but very effectively.  There are not enough good things to say about this album, just buy it and  let Stevie take you on a guided tour through &quot;The Secret Life of  Plants&quot;.
B000002C25|5.0|Well, most of my family live in England and they live in the town where Oasis come from ; Manchester. Their music is excellent, I just can't stand them, and Liam Gallagher calling his son Lennon..that is ripping the 60's  off. My fave track is &quot;It's gettin' better (Man! )
B000003S5H|5.0|The best album ever !  Only the song sexy boy i don't like but the rest is outstanding. And you must hear the other albums of AIR for example: AIR PREMIERS SYMPTOMES.
B000002IWQ|4.0|This album, after the most dismal period in RUSH history -- Power Windows, Hold Your Fire, Presto and Roll the Bones are a complete joke: vacuous tunes with no passion trying to grab on to any trend existant at the time  (synth, rap, etc); is a return to the RUSH of old.  Alex Lifeson's work is  his best since MPictures, and the band is heavy and tight.  The follow-up,  which I think is the band's swan song: Test for Echo, thankfully continued  this trend, for the &quot;real&quot; RUSH fans such as myself.
B00000IPAX|3.0|ok lets think about this cd for a second. is this blink 182's greatest work? in short answer format.. no. not to degrade this cd to anyone i mean if you are one of those kids who learned of blink 182 from 'Whats my age  again?' id give this cd 5 stars. but guess what im not. this cd i admit is  a step in another direction for the band, good or bad is up to you. sell  outs? no. why are they referred to as that? b/c of the mtv cracks who  request them all the time on TRL. who wouldnt want to make more money,  expand the fan base? but the fan support has turned them into gasp..  backstreet boys?. this cd, is not &quot;punk&quot; save maybe 2 songs.  their music is now classified into that broad category alternative. the cd  carries all the humor that the band is known for, but the sound is just  not...well its missing something. the reason this got 3 stars. b/c the cd  is not good enough for old fans. its way under par. if you were expecting  kickin guitar riffs e.g. chesire cat and dude ranch. its just not quite  there. im not saying dont buy this cd, but if you are one of the older fans  of blink, think about what odd transition there going through. its just  toooo poppy i tell you, wheres the guitar energy?
B000003EUL|5.0|It is volcanic.  I feel like I've been zapped by about 1000 volts after listening to Richter's Appassionata.  Richter would be one of my choices for the top two or three pianists of the century.
0964385619|1.0|The author states that time is your most valuable asset and I feel indignant that he wasted mine.  He states a few common sense points about wealth accumulation and spends the rest of the time boasting of his wealth  and suggesting HIGHLY speculative investments for his readers.  I think the  man was just lucky and would certainly NOT advocate following his advice on  buying penny stocks.
0767840135|5.0|Cirque du Soleil continues to expand the limits of artistic expression!  Every performer featured in &quot;Quidam&quot; is interconnected with each portion of the program.  The fluidity, grace, beauty, and strength each of  the participants project is a sight to behold!  One word describes  &quot;Quidam&quot;: wonderment.  If you're ever in Las Vegas, Nevada, be  sure to check out &quot;Mystere&quot; (I've seen the show seven times) and  &quot;O&quot; (the &quot;water show&quot;).  You'll take a journey into  peace, laughter, love and harmony.  I can't wait for &quot;The Journey of  Man&quot; and the other travelling shows to come out on DVD!
B00000IPAX|5.0|Ah, the idiots that reject progress.  If you scroll down about halfway through the hundreds of reviews that all say four and five, you will find a small group of small-minded listeners who gave this CD 1s.  They say that  Blink 182 is not punk.  They are completely wrong.  The truth is, Blink 182  is the most musically talented band of all punk bands, so much so that they  take punk to a whole new level.  Those that can't understand that level  give the band a one.  Any intelligent person will see that the honest and  funny lyrics, the catchy riffs, and the subtle harmony work better than  pretty much any CD out right now.  That's the truth.
B000002JR8|5.0|This as good as it gets when it comes to Pantera. If you're a Pantera fan and don't have this cd, drop everything and buy it now!  I can't emphzize that enough. Phil's screaming high powered vocals accompinied by Dimebag's  screeching guitar riffs make a killer combo. It starts off with one of  Pantera's best songs, Strength Beyond Strength, and the hard hitting metal  doesn't stop until the last track.  This is a must buy for any metal or  Pantera fan out there! You can pop this in your cd player time and time  again and keep head-banging away. High intensityand hardcore is the best  way to describe this metal masterpiece. Another great track is Shedding  Skin. Now enough of me babbling, GO BUY THIS CD!
B00000JQFM|5.0|Everything is perfect. This is the kind of C.D that makes like heavy metal for the first time. Every genuine musician will tell you.
B000002GXJ|5.0|If I could only own one cd, this would be the one. It contains all of their best songs, including &quot;Seven Brideges Rd&quot;, which is my personal favorite. I went through two copies of 'Live' on cassette before  buying it on cd. It is almost as fun as going to an Eagles' concert,  without the long line to the bathroom between sets.
6303168507|5.0|Undoubtably one of the best and most moving and powerful movies of all time. (much better than Titanic, at least) Shows all aspects of World War II, I really loved this movie. Very very powerful images though. One of the  three movies I've ever cried in.<br />One thing. Why does Liam Neeson half of  the time have a German accent, then the other half a Brittish (or Scottish)  one?
B000006045|5.0|this CD is great! it never comes out of my CD player! I listen to it everywhere. I love the vocals and the arrangement, especially disolved girl and angel. this CD rocks!
B000000OPZ|5.0|After meandering around in I-wanna-be-an-artiste land for awhile after Purple crashed n' burned, Coverdale starting getting his stuff together, recognizing that British whiteboy blues wouldn't translate into big $$ in  the 80s. With Jon Lord still in the band (prior to the Purple MK II  reunion) our man Dave had the brains to acquire the services of Les  Paul-slinger extraordinaire John Sykes (of Tygers and Thin Lizzy prior and  Blue Murder and Thin Lizzy's tribute lineup hence). The first collaboration  was 84's SLIDE IT IN, which nicely bridges the 70s DP-esque blues wandering  thing with some ballsy very 80s arena rock guitar. Then Jon went back to  Purple, and David's rhythm section played session-guy-rotation again but  Sykes stayed. The result was this, one of THE perfect rock albums of the  80s, whatever you want to say about the image, the culture, the Tawny vids,  whatever. There's a reason that 75% of the &quot;greatest hits&quot; album  is culled from SLIDE IT IN and WHITESNAKE. Get these two albums, put the  top down, and have a fine summer, kids!
6303201954|3.0|Being a fan of Star Trek,I've seen TMP when it was first released.The thrill to see my heroes Kirk,Spock,&amp; Bones was a joy in itself.I guess after 20 years,repeated viewing,eight more movies &amp; the newer shows,I  started to realise what a bore this film is.I think the producers wanted to  compete with Star Wars in terms of special effects &amp; budget.And like  all effects laden films the script gets diluted.The whole V'ger revalation  may've looked good on paper,but we have to go through a long drawn out  build up that makes you feel it should've been a better 90 minute movie,let  alone an episode.Star Trek has always been about the story &amp;the  characters.I think the chemestry between the crew, a little rusty since its  been a decade since they've acted together,is always a saving grace.Star  Trek from the git-go has always worked on a low budget. From the Classic  series on down. TMP should've been an example to the Berman-era  movies(especially Insurrection),big budget never equals better movies.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Best thing since Slayer's Reign In Blood album, and it's nothing like KoRn!  Every song (except for Tattered and Torn) is totally amsome!  I really recomend it to anyone that likes bands like Slayer, KoRn, Tool,  Pantera etc.
6304675348|4.0|I really liked this movie. Neve Campbel is an excellent actress and I was so surprised at the endwhen we found out who the killers were. Rose McGowen was great as Tatum. And Matthew Lilliard is really cute.
6305426651|5.0|Ok, I've seen this movie only twice. Once in the theatres (subtitled) and on video (dubbed). For anyone that wants to know, this movie is far easier to watched subtitled. The dubbed version takes away the passion and the  reality of the actors' words. But whatever, that's just my  opinion.<br />Annnnnyway... oh yeah. I gave it 5 stars like every one else.  But really. What's there NOT to love about Roberto Beningi? He's obviously  a Chaplin fan, maybe as far as copycat, but he's still a genius. I don't  think just anyone can pull off making the Holocaust into a comedy without  offending anyone. Every once in a while in this movie you think to  yourself, &quot;ok, now he's going to over do it.&quot; Really. Making a  joke out of incinerating the Jews? You've got to have some kind of doubt in  your mind at that point. But then he goes back to the reality of the  situation (of course when his son is not around to hear), therefore  acknowledging that the Holocaust was (or is, in the movie) a very real and  horrifying event. I think I (even though I am not Jewish) would be offended  by this movie if it was presented any other way. <br />It's also a great story  of love and sacrifice. 'Guido' gives his life to protect his son and his  wife. He is never thinking of himself, but always the ones he loves. That's  what makes this story so &quot;Beautiful&quot;. I've said this already, but  I'll say it again. Roberto is a genius.
6304406096|1.0|Whilst there are a few devout Connery fans who like this film, I have to say that &quot;Never Say Never Again&quot; is a pretty sorry excuse for a Bond film. For a start, whilst watching it you just KNOW it wasn't made by  EON/UA, because it really doesn't have the same feel as the  &quot;official&quot; Bond entries. The editing is shoddy, the sound track  is even worse, the underwater climax is weak, the fight in the health club  is too long, and the entire film is just a remake of  &quot;Thunderball&quot;. Thunderball was a brilliant Bond film, so why did  they have to mess with it? NSNA is also missing the famous gun barrel  opening, a proper precredits sequence, and the regular crew who play M, Q,  and Miss Moneypenny. But there are good points as well, namely Connery's  return, Kim Basinger as Domino, and Largo's &quot;Domination Game&quot;.  However the verdict is that NSNA has to rank below every official Bond film  (except 1989's &quot;Licence To Kill&quot;). No more remakes, please. Now I  hear Pierce Brosnan is thinking of remaking On Her Majesty's Secret  Service. Oh well, at least that's one Bond film that needs remaking....
0449911357|5.0|At times it felt as if I was reading from a journal, what with all the recipes and characters who are so alive you'd like to feel them for a pulse. This story, which is actually a number of tales woven into one, had  me laughing and crying simultaniously. It touched on such diverse issues,  even ageism, with such humor, such heart. And to prove how convincing this  book was, I soon found myself battering sliced hard green tomatoes and  tossing them in a thickly greased pan. They were delicious.
0679720200|2.0|Personally, I didn't think this book was very good.  The whole concept of writing a book about a faceless man just doesn't appeal to me.  I know that all of Camus books are strange but this one just wasn't one of his better  books.  The book just didn't have enough going on in it.  The entire book  was about the faceless man killing someone and then getting executed.  I  think the book probably would hae been more interesting if maybe the man  fell in love before the execution.  It also would have been better if at  the end of the book, he actually wrote about the execution instead of just  letting us hang, not knowing about what happens at his executon.  The  exection probably would have made the book alot more exciting too.  So if I  were you I probably wouldn't read the book unless you are into really  wierd, boring books.
079213690X|5.0|I would really like to see this video appear on DVD in the near time future.  I know a lot of people that are dying to see it appear.  It was a fantastic movie, plot and score (music) wise!
B00000DCHE|5.0|Songs In The Attic is a very unique live album...a collection of his early songs that were recorded on tour during 1980 in some very diverse settings.<br />Classic epic songs Miami 2017 and The Ballad of Billy The Kid  were recorded in New York's Madison Square Garden and more warmer songs  You're My Home, Everybody Loves You Now and Summer Highland Falls were  recorded in the intimate setting of the club Bayou in Washington D.C. He  captured the perfect ambience for this diverse collection of his early  songs. The insightful and humorous liner notes  about the songs and his  touring crew are a nice addition to this delightful revival of Billy Joel's  early and previously infrequent heard songs.<br />Billy and his stellar  backing band really bring these songs new life and establishes this new  &quot;live&quot; collection of older songs as an essential Billy Joel  album.
1572522089|5.0|Kurosawa, samuri, and shakespeare what more do you really need. Apparantley in 1985 great movies were only voted for in the costuming category
630398021X|5.0|Strange Days is quite comparable to Blade Runner. Both are set in LA, yet the visions are different. Strange Days' a dark, chaotic yang to Blade Runner 's dark, dull yin, what Ghost in the Shell is to Akira. While both  has interesting techno-premises, they're more about society, civilisation  and humanity's  near downfall. Another interesting note, the visuals. Blade  Runner may have set the trend for cyberpunk movies portraying cityscapes as  dark and menacing, but  Strange Days pushed it further. LA is still dark,  but in a rather &quot;fun&quot; way. The use of chaos, fury, anarchy,  flashy colours and funky wardrobe shows us that &quot;dark&quot; movies  don't have to THAT dull like in BR. The Visuals and themes it touch should  be influential in a few years, and if such influence is found in mediums  like anime, you'll know how far this movie has come. And another thing,  isn't the director a hottie?
6305232660|2.0|I will only give you three lines to describe the flick:  a negro american president -   people being warned of the ominous danger several months before the impact and a national lottery to choose the ones who will go to  the &quot;Noah's Ark&quot; (instead of preparing the whole thing secretly  and putting aside the normal citizen as it is and as it must be) -  Would  any person with a minimum sense of reality believe that? -  Finally, an  unnecessary dawdling of a tedious plot threaded with unsubstantial cliched  characters following the most banal and predictable unpredictability.  Make  yourself a favor and get Armaggedon, a western-in-space that will make you  think of a post-modern version of &quot;The Dirty Dozen&quot; or &quot;The  Magnificent Seven&quot;. More fun, more epics, and --being a scifi-opera--,  more credible by far than this &quot;Flat Impact&quot;.
0451169514|5.0|Wow, this is such a great book! A quick-page turner that starts of a bit slow, but lures you in, hook line &amp; sinker! Great characters! I'm 13, and I recommend this book for mature readers :)
0671027344|5.0|This book shows us the mind and everyday thoughts of a simply brilliant youth. Charlie, the main character, shows us his brilliant side while casually revealing his psychological uncertainties.  I think this was a very well-written book.  It is extremely easy to identify and sympathize  with all of the characters.  In my opinion, I will probably turn to this  book for comfort about 10 more times.  It is that great!
0679720200|5.0|Meursault is the 20th century Rorschach. We project onto Meursault all that we are. Only when we read the book a second time does Camus teach us the more valuable lesson: he teaches us about ourselves...
6305232660|2.0|I will only give you three lines to describe the flick: a negro american president - people being warned of the ominous danger several months before the impact and a national lottery to choose the ones who will go to the  &quot;Noah's Ark&quot; (instead of preparing the whole thing secretly and  putting aside the normal citizen as it is and as it must be) - Would any  person with a minimum sense of reality believe that? - Finally, an  unnecessary dawdling of a tedious plot threaded with unsubstantial cliched  characters following the most banal and predictable unpredictability. Make  yourself a favor and get Armaggedon, a western-in-space that will make you  think of a post-modern version of &quot;The Dirty Dozen&quot; or &quot;The  Magnificent Seven&quot;. More fun, more epics, and --being a scifi-opera--,  more credible by far than this &quot;Flat Impact&quot;.
0783228422|5.0|God Bless Clint Eastwood!  This movie is one of the best damn westerns in the universe.  The &quot;Man With No Name&quot; becomes an &quot;Angel of Death.&quot;  This whole movie is a joy to behold.  Any fan of &quot;Shoot  'em ups&quot; should snap this sucker up right now!
B000025ADH|5.0|There is no doubt that this disk was the BEST of the 80's! I had it on a LP since 1989 but I couldn't resist to buy this 10th Anniversary Edition and I have to tell you that I am really proud I did it!
B00003000M|5.0|bob marley is definitely a legend, and it's great that a CD was made with marley's hits and new age rappers mixing in with his beats. this cd definitely kicks a$$
B00000DHRZ|4.0|If anyone has heard any of the offsprings songs and can say are o.k then this is still a must have. This is some of the greatest music that has hit the English chart for a long time. So buy this c.d turn it on at full blast  and slip into the offspring wonderland.Until the neighbours complain!
6300181553|2.0|I wish I had read all the reviews for this movie, and not just seen the first four.  Holiday Inn is OFFENSIVE, and I can't believe anyone can watch this movie without feeling totally uncomfortable with the portrayal of  African-American people.  If I had known more about this aspect of the  movie, I would not have bought it.  &quot;White Christmas&quot; is  definitely the movie to buy, as it is truly a Christmas movie, and it is  sweet and charming in every way.  Holiday Inn is frustrating in that Fred  Astaire spends the whole movie trying to steal his &quot;friend's&quot;  fiancees.  Overall, this movie is not worth the money.
B000002KO3|3.0|Despite its critical success, I think this is one of TH's worst efforts. From beginning to end, the whole album sounds like one big mush. Conventional song structures are almost entirely replaced by a polyrhythmic  goulash of sound which doesn't offer memorable melodies, hooks and songs.  &quot;Once in..&quot; is the one and only standout track here and the only  hit single emerging from this album. &quot;Born under..&quot; and  &quot;Crosseyed..&quot; aren't bad, either, but listening to the second  half of this cd is like walking in mud and truly means nothing to me. In my  opinion &quot;More songs..&quot; and &quot;Speaking in tongues&quot; are  much more accessible and enjoyable. Chris' and Tina's &quot;Tom Tom  Club&quot; debut is very nice, too.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This CD is unlike anything I've heard before. I got a rush from this album that I haven't gotten since I first heard &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit.&quot; If you love heavy music, get this album, cause this is as  good as it gets.
B000003TB6|5.0|this is without a doubt one of the finest hip hop/jazz records i have had the pleasure of listening to. i enjoy mainly old school hip hop because the attitude of newer acts is swayed so heavily towards commercialism and  image[see tupac,puffy etc.] however then i discovered the effortless flows  of the roots. i'd put them in the same league as a tribe called quest which  is not an easy task to achieve. if you've also lost faith in the new school  then buy this record aswell as their new offering -as things fall apart,  which is also tight. also check out jurassic 5, x-ecutioners, peanutbutter  wolf, the invizible skratch piklz, &amp; the beat junkies.
B000002H33|4.0|I purchased this CD for &quot;The Thing That Should Not Be&quot; and only for that reason. Anyway mostly everyone has given this CD 5 stars now that should tell you something right away ... this is a good effort by Metallica to break away from that &quot;Euro - Metal&quot; Sound and  they succeeded to where they make the stuff they do today...  I like  Orion the best it stays on repeat. :o)
6305426651|5.0|Life is Beautiful is one of the most fun, beautiful, and ultimately heart-wrenching movies ever.  Although not exactly an accurate rendition of the horrors of the concentration and work camps, that's not really the  point of this movie.  The human condition is.  I don't want to spoil this  movie for anyone or give you all preconceived notions about it, so suffice  it to say this --<br />BUY THE SUBTITLED...You lose a lot of emotion, energy  and beauty with the dubbed, so if you don't understand italian, definately  buy the subtitled.
B000002KBU|5.0|Two of the saddest songs in the whole world are sung by Joni Mitchell on this recording:  &quot;Little Green&quot;, and &quot;River&quot;.  It has been said... and I have heard but not known for a fact, and it could be  true, and if it isn't it is true for any woman in this situation,  that...little green was written for the baby she gave up for adoption.(the  girl she was recently reunited with.)  This is one of the most beautiful  songs she has ever written, in my opinion.  &quot;born with a moon in  Cancer, choose her a name she will answer to, call her green and the  winters cannot fade her, call her green for the children who have made her,  little, green, be a gypsy dancer.&quot;  This is the CD of Joni in all of  her heartbreaking glory, and every song is crisp and honest, about love  that doesn't answer to anything but truth and dreams.  Own For the Roses,  own Ladies of the Canyon, own Hejira and Turbulent Indigo, for they are all  beautiful (haunting) and important to know and learn from, but first, own  Blue, and listen to it over and over, because each time, it will be new and  mystical and real...(&quot;I remember the time when you said love was  touching souls, well, surely you touched mine 'cause part of you pours out  of me in these lines from time to time.&quot;) anyway....
0899663036|5.0|Hello! ...I've read most of the reviews on here. They range from 4 to 5 stars with an ocassional bad review thrown into the mix (go figure) I cant offer much more than whats alreaddy been said. but what i will offer is  from the perspective of a 27 year old guy...For starters, dont even kid  yourself into thinking this is for women only,..its not...and you dont have  to be a new age sensetive guy either to enjoy the full spectrum of emotions  this book will put you through..at times i laffed out loud so hard i  thought my belly would burst open...and at other times i would find myself  crying and the tears would stream down my face so much that my eyes would  sting and burn so that i would have to wait a few mintues to begin readding  again..this book was a rollor coaster ride for me...it just so happened  that i stumbled upon this book while my sister was cleaning out her  closet...i figured,..i'de give it a read..and never imagined in a million  years that it would have such an effect on me,..once i got through the  first 50 or so pages,..i jus couldnt put it down...and when i was  through...i was sad it was over..maybe johnny nolan reminded me of my own  father...the not so educated but oh so handsome drunk...or maybe katie  nolan, the hard work'n practical mother of francie and neely nolan reminded  me of my own mother, all i can say is..if u get the chance...please do  yourself a favor and take the oppertunity to read this book!   men,esspecially...cause this is definetly NOT 4 WOMEN ONLY!
B000002B5L|5.0|I like this CD. When I first got it, I used to listen to it all the time. Lauryn Hill has a wonderful voice and she performed beautifully.
B000002LGW|5.0|I have been a fan of Depeche Mode for many years and this album is the one cd of theirs that I play over and over ever since I purchased it 10 years ago.  To me, that qualifies as a great cd.  The live performances are  awesome(sometimes the live versions on this cd are better than the original  versions- esp. &quot;Stripped&quot;) This cd is worth owning if you are a  DM fan.
B000002C1X|5.0|This double album, having sold more than 24 million copies, stands as the greatest selling double album of all time and third overall behind The Eagles Greatest hits and MJ's Thriller. Waters, being one of the more  cynical songwriters of the classic rock genre, wites a story of one man's  descent into insanity.  While I don't like all of the songs, there are more  than enough great cuts interspersed throught the recording to make it worth  listening to in one setting.  I've had this CD for 20 years...never cease  to be amazed and never get tired of listening to it.
6303921248|5.0|This adaptation is wonderful! The sets, costumes, acting, and the screenplay are superb! The six hours will fly by! I highly reccomend this to anyone who admires Jane Austen's works, and even those who don't (my 13  year old sister even likes it!).
B000002U82|5.0|One of the best albums of all time.  The amazing thing I find is that this album, while beautiful to listen to, contains quite damning antiwar lyrics. if you buy this, make certain yoiu invest in the GOLD digitally remastered  edition.
0553213105|5.0|I cannot express in words how much I loved this novel!  Austen's wry humor and perceptiveness shine through in all her characters. I know it sounds cheesy, but I still do get excited over whether Elizabeth and Darcy will  ever see eye to eye. Elizabeth is one of the strongest and most admirable  female characters in literature, the book is worth it just for her!
630133454X|5.0|Dangerous Laisons is quite possibly one of the best films ever. Im a fan of period drama in general but this film just fantastic.In fact it was because of this film that I fell hopelessly in love with John Malcovich.  His performance as Valmont is flawless. Hes so evil, what women could  resist?<br />Glenn close is spectacular in the type of role she does best in.  Michelle Phieffer and Uma Thurman are also excellent. Its just a great  film. I advise every one to give it a go.
B00000JPH4|1.0|This is the #1 nightmare-causing movie of my childhood. Any issues in my life right now probably lead back to this movie. Even the nice characters disturbed me. There's something scary about those puppets! I really just  wanted to write this review to remind parents to leave the night-light on  after letting your children see this! It's creepy! Whew, that was  theraputic!
B000000H64|5.0|This album,in my opinion and I think most any other Fear Factory fan will agree,is their best album.I first borrowed this from my friend and I popped it in my cd player and as soon as Demanufacture played it blasted me  away.Every song has a soft/hard core riff side to it.Burton's vocals are  supreme on this,Dino puts out some very eerie riffs into this one,Ray  proceeds his usually glam rock/hard core beats....and Christian prooves his  place on this one with his first album/recordings with Fear Factory.All  eleven tracks are awesome,if you buy one fear facyory album in your life  time ...buy Demanufacture best Fear Factory you will ever hear.
6303972810|5.0|I LOVE this movie!  I sincerely hope they re-release it, because it will save me SO much money in late fees from the video store! I cannot comprehend how this movie ever got bad reviews, it has everything--humor,  action, love, betrayal, magic, and adventure! It is a classic tale of good  vs. evil--I have never met someone who did not enjoy it. You must see  this!  I command you! Go! Now!
B0000399WI|3.0|Worth buying for the film alone.  A great story and a well chosen cast make this film a winner - the only problems are the poor picture qualty and the lack of extras on the DVD.
B00000K2SC|5.0|it's a brilliant idea, it's a totally awesome movie, and in the words of Neo, all I can say is&quot;woa&quot;
6304546386|5.0|Robin Hood is one of the great action films of all time.  It's hard to know where to begin.  As directed, the film is full of energy and humour, with the action scenes choreographed brilliantly.  Just watch the legendary  sword fight between Flynn and Rathbone, as well as the capture of Rathbone  and his party in Sherwood Forest.  The musical score is rousing, and the  technicolor brings it to life vividly.  Of course, it's hard to imagine  anyone else as Robin Hood than Errol Flynn.  He plays the role with just  the right combination of heroics and athleticism.  As usual, he and Olivia  deHavilland sparkle opposite each other, and a familiar and welcome cast of  character actors only add to the magic.  In particular, Claude Rains seems  to have a lot of fun in his role as the villain.  Robin Hood is a film that  both young and old can enjoy with each repeated viewing.
B0000047CW|5.0|I enjoy this re-release so much, I leave it in the CD player all day on repeat/all.  Give yourself a treat and get this one.
0446310786|5.0|Harper Lee's novel is undoubtedly my favorite book of all time. I don't know one single person who has not liked it. I have read it about three times and I feel like Scout, Jem, Atticus, Dill, and even Boo Radley, the  mysterious loner of the story, are people I have known and loved always.  This book is certainly one of the best American novels ever written, and  certainly the greatest American book of the twentieth century. Not reading  this book is a tragedy. The character development and the emotional current  of the book will penetrate your heart and mark you forever. I know you will  never, ever forget the powerful message of the book if you allow yourself  to be attached to what, in my opinion, are the most well-developed, strong  collection of souls in an incredibly touching story that takes place in the  American South. Read it, fall in love with it, read it again, and fall in  love even more. The book is a masterpiece and an privilege to read.
0446525537|3.0|Fast,feel-good read. Nicholas Sparks has done it again. Same type book as his others. If you liked any of them, you'll like this one too. He has captured the essence of being young and wanting to fit in with the crowd,  even at the expense of innocence. I liked the humor in this book, even  though it was scarce. The ending? I know what I think the miracle was. Do  you know? Making your own assumptions is what I think helps make this a  unique book.
B000002HPV|5.0|Bjork sings like an angel and that's not an easy task to come by these days.  The number of female vocalist on todays charts is steadily on the rise. Each of them complete with their signature voices or so it seems.   How many of them literally sound like angels when they're singing?   Admittedly I've never heard an angel sing and neither have you I would  imagine, but you'd have to agree that Bjork's voice is on the cutting edge  to becoming, &quot;angelic.&quot;  This one is a keeper! ( ^_^ )
B00000IPAX|1.0|Com'on these guys are terrible. I mean they're not even punk. Songs like&quot;All The Small Things&quot; and &quot;Whats My age again&quot; are just horrible. IF YOU ARE A REAL MUSIC FAN THAN DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM.
B00000253N|5.0|For all who have ever felt the pain of a broken relationship, you have this classic for therapy! I really don't think there are enough compliments in the English language to properly describe it. Dylan is one of the few  artists who can actually make you fell his pain. No, it is not painful to  listen to, it is an artist's expressing his pain through some of the most  beautiful music ever made!
B00000DHRZ|3.0|The c.d. okay, but if I wanted real hardcore punk I would listen to their older albums like &quot;Smash&quot; but this album is funny  and chillin.
B000031XCR|5.0|CELINE'S SEVEN OCTAVE VOICE SOARS ABOVE THE SKY TO BRING US THIS BEATUIFUL ALBUM
B000002UB3|5.0|hey music fan from pen.... are you stupid!  this is by far, the best album to ever hit the shelves of ANY record store. my god, even ringo  sounded good on it. i think this brings out the best in our beloved fab  four. pauls b-side , w/johns creativity. ringos superb drumming ( not to  mention the perfect and one of the best drum solo's ever to be  recorded...... not a good drummer eh? he prefors it perfectly up to tempo,  and never trip's the beat) geroges ballad somthing. not bad for a bunch a  guy barely talking eh? this album sets the standard for their solo careers  . check out McCartney's self titled album for &quot;maybe im amazed&quot;,  john's Imagine, ringo's Vertical man(le de da), and Georges &quot;cloud  Nine&quot;( when we was fab) and tell   u can't tell me those songs dont  sound like they could be smack in the middle of abbey road... come on...  this is as good as it gets!
B000031XCR|5.0|THE PEOPLE WHO GAVE HER 1 STAR ARE SENT ON AMAZON BY MARIAH CAREY WHO IS JEALOUS OF CELINE BECAUSE CELINE SELLS MORE ALBUMES. WHAT A UGLY SKANK MARIAH IS
B00000JZC4|5.0|I bought this CD because I liked the song Take  a Picture. Well after one listen I found out that this CD is not a one trick pony.  It is a heavy hitter and the I highly recommend it. One thing though if you are buying  this because you like Take A Picture , BEWARE ,most of the songs are a tad  more heavy
1572522828|2.0|This rating is not for the movie which is good and every bit what the other reviewers have noted. My beef is with the DVD which is 85 minutes and even shorter than the VHS version which is 92 minutes. Can someone tell me  why?  If anything, the director's cut should have been produced on DVD.  What a disappointment!
0399143793|5.0|If you like the genre, then this is it - absolutely the best there is now, in my opinion. If there are other authors as good, I'd like to read them - please let me know who they are. Not great literature, but great and well  described action.
0671688782|1.0|This technique was written up in Let Me Hear Your Voice by Catherine Maurice as a total, utter and absolute fraud. I am so sad that so many people are gushing over this stupidity which is only harmful to autistic  children and has no basis in helping them. The insult of saying that kids  are autistic since they failed to bond with their mothers should not be  perpetuated and this absurd book should not be read and taken seriously by  anyone.
B00000AFGM|4.0|Just when rock and roll was starting to get too  serious again, along comes a grandiose parody, Mechanical Animals.  This album is great, not because it's really that shocking, or musically brilliant, but fun.  Good  old fashioned, blast it loud, fun.  Thanks Mr. Manson, you've made my day  ;)
0671027344|5.0|this book is a true masterpiece, and will soon become a classic. i have lent this to many of my friends and they have gone on and invested it themselves. it is a good book to have in your colection, and i would reccomend it to anyone who thinks they're mature enough to handle the bumpy  ride of being a teenager missfit.
6305313687|2.0|I love Norton.  He's why I rented this movie.  Let me just say, I'm glad I didn't buy it.  At times I felt moved by the performances, but at other times I seriously felt embarrassed for the filmmakers.<br />For example, I  couldn't help but giggle when the Nazi's challenged the black kids to a  game of basketball.  &quot;Not for money, for the court.&quot;  I mean,  come on! When I think of Nazis and Gangsters playing b-ball I expect a  punch line, unfortunately there was none. I can just imagine a Hollywood  dope writing this script from his summerhouse in Sun Valley Idaho,  completely ignorant of the subject matter taken on by the  script.<br />Furthermore, I can't think of a recent movie with more continuity  problems. You mean to tell me that a Nazi so crazed with rage as to murder  three minorities can be enlightened simply by a casual acquaintance with  another incarcerated man that happens to be black? Maybe I could buy it if  I could see the struggle, but there was none.  There's a point in the movie  where Norton just isn't racist anymore, and only God and the screenwriter  know why.<br />Don't get me wrong, it isn't a bad movie.  But when tackling  this extremely heavy subject matter, one should be prepared to do their  homework.  Don't just create a dozen stereotypical antagonists/protagonists  and see where it heads, the apparent strategy of AHX's filmmakers.
B000000OMB|4.0|What a great start!  This album earned Asia 3 hits (&quot;Heat of the Moment&quot;, &quot;Only Time Will Tell&quot;, and &quot;Sole Survivor&quot;).  It featured the experimental side of the band members'  &quot;alma matters&quot; Yes(Steve Howe and Geoff Downes, sorry, I only  heard 1 song from the Buggles!), ELP (Carl Palmer, who would comment that  he preferred playing shorter songs like on this album), and King Crimson  (John Wetton).  That, combined with the techno-pop sound, this band had  potential!  The chenistry worked, at least for this album (on the next  album, the potential was greater than the execution, and personell changes  such as Greg Lake temporarily replacing Wetton in the midst of the tour and  Howe leaving shortly after).  But let's remember this 1 great moment for  the band!  And most of this album sounds as good as did when we found  ourselves in '82! (like the hits mentioned above and songs like &quot;One  Step Closer&quot; &quot;Here Comes the Feeling&quot;, and &quot;Time  Again&quot;)
0609603086|1.0|This is the least inspiring offering by Follett since &quot;The Big Needle&quot; in 1978. It is poorly conceived and poorly written. It contains the earmark characters that appear in most Follett adventures, now  in the guise of aging American hippies. It is obvious the author knows  little about American culture, despite claiming a great deal of research.  The writing sounds like an English secondary student musing about whay life  must be like in America. It is difficult and exasperating to read. I would  avoid it and I am usually a fan of the author's work.
014028009X|5.0|My friend read BJD in only a few hours and immediately handed it over to me.  Needless to say, I also read the book by the time the night was over.  It is a hilarious account of a woman who does what the rest of us do at one  time or another.  (Although it seems a bit more exaggerated - at least  let's hope so!).  From tabulating the number of times she called a guy to  gabbing about &quot;emotional f**kwittage&quot; (which, I must admit, is  the best word to describe what guys do to women), Bridget is a witty and  hilarious woman.  Give BJD a read and I guarantee you will laugh out loud  at least 97 times!
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine rules-she has one of the most amazing voices on earth...
B00000J8EK|4.0|I can see how people might think the chemicals have slacked on this album, but i found that after listening to it over and over again, the songs grew on me.  Granted, Dig your own hole was amazing, this album also includes a  few noteworthy songs.  &quot;The sunshine underground&quot;  was  mezmorizing, out of control, works well, and got glint is worth listening  to as well.   If you are a loyal Chemical fan, buy this album, but if  you're new to the group, start off by getting Dig your own hole.
B000006XXV|5.0|&quot;JUPITER CRASH&quot; IS ONE OF THE REASONS TO BUY THIS CD BECAUSE IT IS A BEAUTIFUL SONG FROM IT'S LYRICS TO IT'S MUSIC TO ROBERTS INCREADIBLE VOCAL I HAVEN'T  BEEN A CURE FAN VERY LONG BUT THIS IS A GREAT CD SOME  OTHER GREAT SONGS ARE &quot;GONE&quot; &quot;MINTCAR&quot; AND  &quot;WANT&quot; I AIN'T A CRITIC BUT I AM A AVID MUSIC LISTENER AND THIS  IS WONDERFUL!
6305263248|5.0|There is the oft spoken argument over the best car sequence committed to film, well I believe that to those people just one word is needed: Ronin. To those who appreciate the car chase as the best expression of a  stuntman's capabilities, and easily the best form of the 'action' sequence,  then UA's Ronin will go down as an instant classic.  Bullitt, whose car  chase has given it iconic status, its place in the annals of history is  assured, and Ronin will be sure to join it there. John Frankenheimer should  seriously consider just directing car sequences for other peoples' movies  (he did all the second unit directing himself). The second chase through  the streets of Paris is unprecedented, and to those who still think The  French Connection or The Seven Ups reign supreme, this should finally  silence their claims. If you have ever spoken of an interest in the action  genre, if only in passing to a stranger, then watch Ronin and see what even  $50 million's worth of CGI could never achieve.
B0000214F2|3.0|I was almost afraid to laugh at this movie.  Although Robin Williams does his best to turn on the charm, at times it seems far from appropriate.  The movie presents the noble idea that medicine should be practiced with  humanity.  I am NOT, however, convinced that we would ever want a bunch of  Patch Adams running our clinics.  As a doctor, he assumes much, especially  in regard to how welcome his affections are.  If I woke up and found a  strange doctor singing and massaging my foot, as did one patient in the  movie, I would feel violated at the assumed intimacy, especially as a foot  massage had absolutely NOTHING to do with my treatment.  Other times  Patch's humor borders on cruelty as it comes as the expense of others.   -For example, encouraging a group of patients to joke about another patient  who, while in a catatonic state, constantly keeps his hand raised.  Was  this healing or hurting?  Patch gives some of the patients hope and smiles,  but at what cost?  I'm no med student, but some of his actions seemed to  directly endanger the well-being of patients through physical recklessness.   I wanted desperately to agree with Patch's message and passion, but some  of his methods (such as stealing supplies from a hospital) dampened my  enthusiasm.  It isn't a bad movie - there are still enough true belly  laughs to satisfy fans of Robin Williams, and some very touching moments of  interaction between characters.  A certain squirrel-hunting scene in the  psychiatric ward is very fufilling.  Robin's former roommate is very  believable and does an excellent job representing the &quot;system.&quot;   But rarely has a movie left me feeling so uncomfortable.  Would I want  Patch Adams practicing medicine?  Would you?
0783226063|2.0|When I first heard that a movie of Frank Hebert's &quot;Dune&quot; was being made I was very intrigued.  My first thought was how in the world would they pull off the sandworms?  And I was very excited when I first  went to see the movie in the theatre... but I knew we were in trouble when  they started passing out flyers with explanations of Dune terminology in  the lobby.  Turns out the sandworms were one of the few elements of the  book that the movie managed to display fairly well.  Much of the rest,  however, was a huge disappointment. I was forced into watching the movie  again with a friend recently and noted why I wasn't particularly impressed  the first time around. A lot of major characters were turned into nothing  but footnotes. And you just couldn't get a sense of the immense  psychological and spiritual journey that led Paul 'Maud'Dib' Atreides to  realizing his destiny.  I have to give David Lynch kudos for trying.  The  visuals were facinating.  A lot of concepts were wonderfully realized (such  as the aforementioned sandworms, the Fremen stillsuits, the appearance of  the Bene Gesserit sisters, even Arrakis itself). But the story itself was  sadly lacking, the characters were not fully fleshed out (though decently  acted), and the pacing seemed all over the place.  There were some crucial  scenes that should have been in there but weren't and quite a few that  didn't need to be there at all. And the ending, though I imagine necessary,  was a bit of a copout and way to pat.  It would be extremely hard for  anyone to make a movie that would do Hebert's book justice and those who  have not read it will probably be more impressed by this movie.  However,  the epic scope of the novel makes it more suitable for a mini-series.  I  hope the next attempt at screen adaptation gives more focus to the story.
6302994063|5.0|This is the best movie. The plot is a bit predictable . . . boy meets girl. . . they fall in love. . . but it is a sweet story all the same. I highly recomend this movie to anyone who needs a feel good movie.
B000002UZ6|5.0|With this CD Tina proves again that she is simply the best. She gives each song all the attention it deserves and each performance shows her great talent to mould the lyrics perfectly to each song. This CD showcases some  of her older hits like &quot;River Deep, Mountain High&quot; and that makes  this CD even more desireable. Tina does not dissapoint with this CD and it  is right up there with &quot;Private Dancer&quot; and &quot;Foreign  Affair&quot;. I highly recommend this CD to all fans and non-fans alike.  You will find satisfation and inspiration within each song's lyrics and  &quot;Simply the Best&quot; will become a lifetime companion. I am a big  fan of Tina and this CD served to solidify this.
0780625129|4.0|This movie, at first, shocked me. Slowly towards the middle i realized that this is exactly what I see every day. Basicly whites hating blacks and vise-versa. It also explain better to me how people so easily can over-look  the most simple way to resolve a problem without violence. Despite how most  people would classify this movie, I thought it was great!
B00000DHRZ|2.0|WELL THEN IF YOUR GOING TO BUY THIS PLEASE I ADVISE YOU TO LOOK AT THE CONTENT FIRST AS THEIR IS SOME SWARING IN IT.BUT  APART FROM THAT THIS ALBUM IS A MUST HAVE.SINCE TAKING THE ENGLISH AND MANY OTHER CHARTS BY  STORM THE OFFSPRING HAVE CAME UP WITH THIS MASTERPIECE.I RATE THIS WELL AND  WOULD SERIOUSLY CONSIDER BUYING THIS.
B000002N2P|5.0|This is a perfect CD. I first bought it back in '95. I was in the third grade. Pretty heavy music for a third grader, eh? Well I loved it so much I broke the tape, had it stolen from my cousin, and I lost it for over three  years! Well I found this spectacle of music last year while my family was  moving. So I started listening to it over and over again. Well, this was  putting a little wear and tear on the old cassette tape so yesterday I  bought Insomniac on one of those new fangdangled CDs. What can I say?  Excellent album. The only Green Day album that can compare is Nimrod. The  only thing I wish is that they made Panic Song entirely insturmental.
630451087X|5.0|It starts slow yet intriguing- building and adding pieces to its puzzle.  If you see it once you will not fully understand it and you may not like it.  But if you see it more than once, each time you will find more pieces  to the puzzle.  It is the creepiest (in a good way), most seductive,  thriller I have yet to see.  I have never felt each and every character's  emotions as I have in this movie.  I have so much to say about this film  but do not have the vocabulary to describe it because it truly is  indescribable and ironically the most discussed movie among those who have  seen it.
6303394000|5.0|I hate musicals. I was in New York last month and i saw 'The phantom of the opera' and i said: &quot;ok why everyone is getting so excited with all this stuff?&quot;. Thats the problem with musicals they are basically  naive. &quot;All that jazz&quot; was the only exception i've seen, a  musical that has very very deep meaning and still having top music and  dance.
0375707972|1.0|Why Oprah recommended this book is beyond me! This is not a book I liked reading. The main character is an over-sexed teen and later judgement is passed on the ex-Nazi woman he regularly bed down with. She reads in  prison... so what!  This doesn't make for an Oprah book...one that we  should find exciting and well written....that's what I expect from the book  club. You bombed here!  I want a refund!
6305212112|5.0|This movie warms the heart and soul! I would recomend this film to both men and women for it has a moral that goes deep to the core of humanity.  If you have not seen it you are missing out.  The DVD contains additional  scenes, that make it well worth the extra bucks.  I give this movie 5  stars.
6303534422|5.0|If you have kids age 3 through 8.They will love this movie.Yet this movie is old but never looses a childes attion. I have 2 kids and a god daughter and they all love to sit around and sing along with the movie. I have personly watched this movie and loved it. I would recomend it to any adult.
0152438181|5.0|&quot;The Little Prince&quot; is definitively a book more for adults than for children (and so contemporary nowadays as when it was written) bearing in mind that even as grown-ups &quot;we are responsable for those we  captivate&quot; but still entitled to dream.  &quot;The Little Prince&quot;  is a book that reminds us that &quot;what is essential is invisible to the  eyes  (it is only with the heart that one can see rightly) therefore lead  us to think that, sometimes, we have to take time to come home to ourselfs  and make a discovery about our true self, questioning our values and goals  in this ephemeral world of ours.  Well, but, above all, &quot;The Little  Prince&quot;, remind us that we must trust our instincts ... and follow our  dreams !
B000002N2P|5.0|Dookie was a brilliant album but it didn't quite wet my appetite enough. I bought Nimrod which kept me tapping my feet for a good few months but it didn't quite have the edge that insomniac has. I was very impatient so when  I got home i put the cd in my player and found what was missing from the  other two albums pure 100% rock from start to finish SIMPLY THE BEST!
0385484518|5.0|My husband bought me this book for Christmas, and I couldn't put it down.  Being a teacher myself, I saw the importance that we can bring to our students long after we are gone.  I would highly recommend this book to  anyone who wants to be touched by the human spirit.  Morrie was such a  thoughtful and giving man, and I thank Mitch Albom for bringing him to life  for me.
0385484518|5.0|If you're looking for a good book to read, don't hesitate to buy this one. It's the type of book that makes an impact on you, and not just an impression. Definitely a worthwhile purchase.
6305633177|5.0|I love metallica and I have owned the video of this release for over 5 years and I can easily say that this DVD surpases it in every sense. The sound is great and the picture quality is outstanding considering it was  made from bootleg footage. Just a really good DVD period.
B0000041XX|5.0|While I am generally against these guys making any more of these records(their voices are past their primes), this one was a unique event.  None of the concerts they have done together since has equalled the novelty  or quality of this original concert.  This is just a wonderful disc,  whether you are a serious classical/opera fan, or just want to add some  variety to your collection.  Domingo's rendition of &quot;E lucevan le  stelle&quot; is very fine, as is Carreras in &quot;Granada&quot; and  &quot;Il lamento di Federico&quot;.  Pavarotti's voice is fresh in  &quot;Recondita armonia&quot;, &quot;Rondine al nido&quot;, and &quot;Torna  a Surriento&quot;.  They are all beautifully done and they mostly stick to  opera arias, with thankfully few popular/broadway tunes thrown in.  These  guys should stick to opera, what they do best!  Mehta and the joint  orchestras sound quite good.  A bit of trivia:  this is the best selling  classical album of all time, deservedly so in my opinion.
B000002UCQ|5.0|Best of The Beatles Solo Records.  Yes, it is better than Plastic Ono Band, although they are very different kinds of records.  A must have for any music fan, much less Beatles fan.
B00000JG3X|5.0|go read my review for cali. under the non-import version! i'm just reviewing this to tell what the 3 bonus track are! the 3 are gong li/instrumental #1/how strong! gong li/instrumental can be found on the  scar tissue single(s)and how stron can be found on the m.o.m. 3 comp. and  the upcoming otherside cd single! i have all the singles plus this cd cause  i love the peppers and have so much of their stuff! if you're looking for  the better buy go with this cd cause by the time you buy the reg. version  and the two singles you've alredy payed more money! but if you collect  peppers stuff then get all of it!
B0000004V2|5.0|but this album is so perfect it's scary. makes u dream of the potential. has everything on it, from the psychedelia of waterfall 2 the guitar jam of i am the resurrection. full of attitude, yet softened with the warmth of  the music and the various stylings of john squire. and it ends with a  10-minute acid house track, fool's gold. good god!  2 much enjoyment 4 2  ears.
B0000024IE|1.0|Anybody who likes this type of music should see a psychiatrist.  Hateful, aggressive, when they called it rap they left off the C.  This group in particular would have to be the biggest bunch of hypocrites in existence.   They offer pious platitudes about how hard done by the African-American is  while at the same time calling gays evil.  That says it all, really.  It  would be a good thing if all rap music was dumped on a huge bonfire with  this group leading the way.
6305079900|1.0|I am one of the biggest fans of this movie (saw it many times in the theatre when it was released, bought the soundtrack on LP, have almost everything about it), and it IS one of the BEST Sci-Fi movies ever made -  especially for its small budget.  That said, this is one of the worst DVDs  I've seen.  The only special feature you get is ONE original trailer.  No  &quot;Making Of&quot; (which I have the VHS version of), No commentary  tracks (come on James Cameron! Get with it! I love your movies and would  love to hear your comments!), not even any other language or subtitle  tracks - nothing spectacular on this DVD at all.  I'm personally glad I  have it because I'm a true collector of everything Terminator, but I can't  recommend it for people who want more out of it.  There really isn't much  here in the DVD package - a waste of all that storage space.
0780622553|3.0|The movie wasn't bad but Dark City is the same thing as the Matrix.  A man is suddenly contacted that the world he lives in is not real.  There are nosferatu like &quot;bad guys&quot; that walk around hidden and like pretty  much control everything.  This man needs to find his secret hidden power.   He finds it at the very end and battles with the bad guys with his new  discovered power.  Its the same story...watch one or the other.  They're  both ok.
0790742705|5.0|Well, all I really want to say is that this movie is great.  Once you see it, you never forget it.  I haven't seen it in a while, but I can still remember the first time I saw it at my friends party...I LOVED it, and I  still do now.  It has some great scenes in it.  OKay, that's all!
6305627401|1.0|I'm not quite sure what made me buy this movie because I am no fan of the show, but I can tell you I very much regretted wasting my money on it.<br /> I knew it would be vulgar, and it was. But I thought it might also have  something close to humor somewhere in the movie, and that it did NOT have.  Nor did it have any special features that you would expect to get on a dvd.<br /> I sure must be missing something that most other people who have  reviewed this movie saw in it.<br /><br /> My advice, do not waste your money on  this thing!
B000002J1C|5.0|If The Beatles set all kinds of challenges for musical direction during the 60s, the album that set the bar for '70s progressive rock is without any shadow of doubt, the 'Yes Album'. All that was missing the day the  album was launched was a star in the east, as the music and lyrics were  penned in Heaven. Jon A and the band set a challenge that only absolutely  fantastic releases could match. The band themselves managed it again with  'Close To The Edge','Relayer' and 'Going For The One'. Genesis, Pink Floyd  and Renaissance managed to do it as well, but that's about it. The Yes  Album is THE album of the '70s. From the opening bars of 'Yours Is No  Disgrace', through the superb climax to 'Starship Trooper (Wurm)' to the  culmination of the album with 'Perpetual Change' the other prog bands were  collectively slapped in the face with a gauntlet. Follow this...if you  dare! An essential part of any music lovers collection.
B000006NPY|1.0|all the self pitying and crying enough all ready.ave adore was a step in the right direction.change your style up a bit.Billy Corgan has that Michael Stipe Syndrome i want success but also feel sorry for me.all those  dark lyrics&amp;sappy sing alongs.very overrated&amp;boring.the need to go  more of the route of ave adore.
0345350499|5.0|The Mists of Avalon is one of the best books I have ever read.  Women especially will like this book as it focuses on strong female characters who have a lot to say.  It's beautifully written and descriptive of the  time period.  I believe this is the best book Marion Zimmer Bradley has  ever written and I'm not sure she can top it.
6300213749|4.0|i enjoyed eddie going into the bar and what have you.he was the film period.the film was very un-pc in it's use of stereotypes and what not.Nick Nolte was a bigot mad at world Archie Bunker type Cop.two worlds seemingly  different but by films end very much alike.the only down side aside from  the racial slurs which were loaded enough was that Eddie's character had no  background once upon release.but a good film.
0440234743|5.0|I believe this is the book that shows Grisham's true spiritual colors. The purity of the Rachel Lane character, and the salvation of a burnt-out, substance-abusing lawyer are set in sharp relief against a hideously  corrupt, money-loving set of potential heirs. As a Christian, I appreciated  the message, although even non-religious people I think can benefit. I  disagree with those who think the ending is weak. I actually got choked up  at the end, and I think many will do the same.
0446525537|5.0|Charlie, He says that he never took off his wedding ring, because he never had the desire to.  The miracle he prayed for was her survival.  She lived!
0783225903|5.0|The packaging for this version was mislabled: The American release version of this movie is 131 minutes, but this one is not -- it is the 142 minute Director's cut. If you want the American cut, you'll have to buy the video.
B00000I07P|4.0|Slippery when wet shows their most succesful and the most hit album. After havin' two albums previously, they return with this album. 'Let It Rock' showed them playin' the hard powered track. The mid-tempo 'You Give Love A  Bad Name' seems like a joke for women who have break in love. The beautiful  melody on 'Livin' On A Paryer' make me like to listen to this song. A more  jokin' song, 'Social Disease' tells 'bout fallin' in love.(You can guest  that by listening to this track intro. My favourite song, 'Wanted Dead Or  Alive' shows Sambora playin' guitar on cowboy melody. The hit ballad,  'Never say goodbye' is a good feelin' to listen to this track. And also,  this album shows their ability to sing together. I recommend this album for  you.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I just bought the CD and I am in love with it esp. the songs GET GONE and A MISTAKE, but overall the entire collection is worth buying. If you loved Tidal, you'll also love When The Pawn.
B00000GRL0|4.0|Bruce Lee's first and only American film, ENTER THE DRAGON is amazing. It has a good plot, and good dialogue and actors, but it's Bruce Lee that makes this picture so enjoyable. His incredible martial arts techniques  will blow you away! Second only to RETURN OF THE DRAGON, this is a must-own  for any serious Martial-Arts film fan.
B000002L9M|3.0|Back in high school, in the late 1980's and early 1990's, the boys in the class were crazy about Depeche Mode. Even we, the rock and blues fans, liked the band playing techno (we actually did call that style \\"techno\\" back then). And the best album was Black Celebration, most of us  agreed.<br />Listening to the album today brings back memories, above all. But  having said that, I must also admit that only about half of the songs are  worth it. There are some classics like Stripped - which is maybe DM's  best song ever - A Question Of Time and the opening title track. But  there are some superficial and forgotten fill-out tracks as well.<br />It's  nostalgic, it's kinda good. But not as good as it seemed. Back then...
6304233639|1.0|Okay... I rented this expecting to watch a decent (at least decent, considering how much it cost) movie. Once I was through with it, I couldn't believe what I had just seen.  I could go on forever about how bad this movie was. Featuring the dumbest lines in movie history, ( WOMP! &quot; Welcome to Earth! &quot;   &quot; I'm Baaack!&quot; )  and some of the dumbest actions ever (let's upload a virus into the Alien  computer!) this movie is just.. .... I mean, come on, they put the  President in a jet. How stupid is that. And Will Smith is just horrible in  this movie. This is your typical &quot;The world is in trouble, it's USA to  the rescue&quot; movies, and is, in my opinion, one of the worst movies I  have ever seen.  Just think of all the starving kids they could have fed by  not making this thing. Instead, they waste tons of donatable dollars to  give us this moronic waste of time. Pathetic. It's not 'I'll watch it to  make fun of it' horrible, it's just plain HORRIBLE. Period.
B000002UKS|4.0|The Colour And The Shape is the last VINYL new-release I have been able to get hold on. That in itself makes it a record I treasure.<br />But the music is very good rock too. Don't expect to hear Nirvana Part II or  somethin'. The roots are the same, but the Foo Fighters play more punkish  grunge rock than Nirvana. It's ore straight forward, and especially less  self-destructive than Nirvana.<br />Apart from the great hits Everlong and  Monkey Wrench, the track February Stars is an absolutely great song.  I'm gonna play it on my birthday...<br />Clearly the best album the Foo Fighters  have released!
0679746048|5.0|Susanna Kaysen's story is so fascinating that I had trouble beleiving it was fiction.  Her animated, sometimes disturbing characters one could only be lucky enough to encounter at such a place as McLean Hospital.  From  Daisy's chicken-and-laxatives diet to Allice Callais' breakdown, each  character has their own unbeleivable story. Kaysen's unique writing style  and sarcastic humor bring much character to the book.  She writes about her  fellow patients with love and shows the reader that they are no different  from those who aren't locked up with padded walls.   A fantastic book with  an intense movie to go with it.  Kudos to Winona Ryder as well as the cast  and crew of the new film &quot;Girl Interrupted.&quot;  The movie certainly  lived up to the book.
B000002O51|5.0|No synthesizers and no orchestral instruments have been used to record Boston's third album. It is already an impressive piece of work, and even more impressive considering what sounds the perfectionistic Tom Scholz has  created out of other instruments.<br />Brad Delp's vocals are breathtaking,  and the arrangements are very bombastic yet never annoyingly  noisy.<br />Third Stage is simply a perfect album. It deserves its five  stars to the fullest! Every single song is a piece of art. Wow!
B00002E23E|5.0|There was no band that ruled the rock world as Zep did in my opinion. One has to remember this was made in 1976 not 1999. I was lucky enough to see them live on july 23rd 1977 at the Oakland Colisieum. I was 18 years old. I  had been to hundreds of Rock concerts Befor Zep and hundreds arter but none  came close to the awesome atmosphere and presense of Zep live! Yes this  video was raw but maybe thats how they wanted it? I have it on VHS and am  buying it on DVD. So Buy it and enjoy it for what its worth, not for what  some MENTALY DEFICIENT PERSON named Dave from Columbus Ohio Thinks! Thanks  Jimmy, this captures  Rock history and I love it!
B000007VYV|4.0|The Colour And The Shape is the last VINYL new-release I have been able to get hold on. That in itself makes it a record I treasure.<br />But the music is very good rock too. Don't expect to hear Nirvana Part II or  somethin'. The roots are the same, but the Foo Fighters play more punkish  grunge rock than Nirvana. It's ore straight forward, and especially less  self-destructive than Nirvana.<br />Apart from the great hits Everlong and  Monkey Wrench, the track February Stars is an absolutely great song.  I'm gonna play it on my birthday...<br />Clearly the best album the Foo Fighters  have released!
6305633177|5.0|This DVD is RAW but this is definitely REAL! I was a senior at Castro Valley High in 1977. There was this shy, Quiet, long haired, red headed kid named Cliff Burton. He carried a Guitar case everywhere he went. I had no  idea what an innovative musical bass master he was to become!  His amazing  talents are shown on this DVD, along with a personal side thats very cool!  Dave Mustane also appears on some of the early show footage. We will never  know what Cliff could have  accomplished, due to his untimely and tragic  passing. This DVD captures his and Metallica's early greatness! I for one  miss Cliff Burton! This is your chance to see a truely great Bassist and  Metal Band live and behind the scenes.
B000002G0P|4.0|For some reason, Extreme never REALLY became a big name. At least not in Europe. Which is a shame, really, 'cause it used to be a great band, with a lot of musical talent, and a continuously developing style so that you can  tell each album from the others!<br />Extreme's most ambitious and most  grown-up release was III Sides To Every Story. It is divided, or sampled,  into III sections, called Yours, Mine, &amp; The Truth, the last part  only containing one long epic named Everything Under The Sun - a  composition creating a great final to the album!<br />...and to the band itself.  'Cause what Extreme has released since this one, is simply not worth it. It  faded out, it lost the joy.<br />III Sides To Every Story is album telling a  story all the way through. It is a great piece of work, with beautiful  musical moments. Though I still prefer the band's second release  Pornograffitti.
0783114222|5.0|First off, I'd have to say that this series is probably the best thing I have ever seen on TV and by far the greatest thing HBO has ever produced.  Being in a technical field myself, the thing I really liked about this  series was the human face it put on many of the engineers, scientists, and  technicians behind the scenes. Of course the series as a whole has a  tremendous emotional impact that gives me goosebumps even on repeated  viewings.  My only complaints with the DVD box set are 1) there are  occasional audio sync problems (episode 4 for instance) and 2) the box set  itself is pretty flimsy (mine fell apart after only a few weeks).  A little  glue will fix the problem, but it is still slightly annoying.
B000002GJ7|5.0|I guess this was one of my absolute favourites when I was around 20. It still is. Great ROCK songs. You can feel the extreme joy the band has in playing. You can feel the fun they had putting together the lyrics. Feel  the \\"let's do it\\" experimental ideas in the sometimes unorthodox details  added before and after every piece.<br />This is great fun, great lyrics (some  might misinterpret them as very hostile and provoking and unethical - I  just see them as pure fun and sarcastic satire).<br />This is great rock,  great music. Right from the speedy Pornograffitti, through the album's  best piece He-Man Woman Hater to the beatiful jazzy ballad When I First  Kissed You.<br />EXTREMEly great satirical hardrock album!
0679420401|5.0|One of the great novels of the 20th Century. This should be required reading at the high school level.<br />The story is that of the Joad's, a displaced family from Oklahoma who migrate West,looking for work in the  rich agricultural areas of California.<br />No novel tells the story of  depression era America better than the Grapes of Wrath.<br />The Joad's, like  millions of other Midwestern and Southern farmers, lose their land through  a combination of generations of bad farming techniques, dry weather that  occurred several growing seasons in a row, and the depression.<br />The end  of the rainbow is California, rich in agriculture with the promise of  plenty of work. Along the way the family endures physical and emotional  hardships, as well as ridicule and humiliation.<br />Once they arrive in  California, the Joad's find that the labor supply is so plentiful that the  promised jobs are either non-existant or the pay is paltry. Furthermore,  the California land barons want the 'Okies' to stay only long enough to  pick the crops and they employ whatever means necessary to keep workers  migrant.<br />There are many poignant scenes in this novel and the character  of Ma Joad is truly a classic as she strives to keep her family together  and from starving to death. The last scene involving the loss of a child  and a straving man are heart rendering.<br />But the real value of this  novel is in the social conscience that it attempts to evoke. For his work  Steinbeck was villified as a Communist, although his later work showed  Steinbeck as a political moderate.
B0000027F8|5.0|Gee, Mr Michael (or Michl as he spells his name on this album), why didn't you release such grown-up stuff before? I kinda liked your discopop from the Wham! times - but on Listen Without Prejudice, you really show  an amazing talent.<br />The songs are very emotional, and the instrumentation  is really great. My favourite is the funky Soul Free, narrowly challenged  by the tense atmosphere in the jazz song Cowboys And Angels as well as  the fluteplay and strong vocals on Mothers Pride.<br />The least good song  is the far too easy Wham! leftover Freedom 90, but apart from that one,  they're all really really great songs.<br />An album that doesn't need  prejudice in anyway. Simply beautiful!
6304078102|5.0|This Movie Is very inspirational I love this movie it is so close to My heart It Will Make you laugh and cry all at the same time and great Direction
B000000OSG|5.0|This is a masterpiece! Guns N'Roses show an amazing talent for making complicated but still very rocking music. They stick to the same basic style throughout this double album, but they explore several corners of it.  They experiment without ever forgetting what it's all about: great rock  music!<br />It's one of these albums that you listen to year after year, and  you keep discovering new things. Your favourite songs change over the  years. Civil War was always a favourite of mine, but nowadays a good  rocker like Pretty Tied Up has climbed up the hitlist as well. Then  there's the honest Get In The Ring, the smasher You Could Be Mine, the  nearly folky Breakdown... and so on, and so on.<br />The two Use Your  Illusion double albums belong in everyone's music collection.
0385484518|5.0|Slow down in life, cherish all of what God has given us, We are not here on earth forever, love, show kindness, See through a different pair of eyes.  <br />These are but only a few lessons that I have always known to be  right.  You just get caught up in the game of life and every now and then  need a reminder that life is too short and we are here only but a short  while.<br />Thank you Mitch, Thank you Morrie, for taking the time to share  your beautiful journey.<br />I shed many tears when I read this book, because  it reminded me of my relationship that I currently have with my father.   Every Tuesday for the past year, we have met together in a prayer group  through our church and than we spend most of the morning together...Sharing  our thoughts and inner most feelings with each other.  I thank God for the  many blessings.  <br />Thank you...Inspiring.....
B00000IPAX|5.0|I like this CD. I enjoy listening to all the tracks... 'cept Wendy Clear and Mutt... but still, damn cool CD. And the images on it are my new desktop. Hell yeah.
B000002IOW|5.0|After the overly processed and mechanical agony of Hold Your Fire, Rush get back to what they do best--being a real rock band. Tiring of programming their sequencers and loading CD ROMs throughout most of the  late 80's, this CD marks the return of Rush's simplified guitar/bass/drums  approach. The songwriting is flawless, the arrangements have a subtle  understated grace. The sound is mature and gentle which allows Rush to  convey maximum emotion without seeming overblown or pretentious (as they  can sometimes get). Pearts lyrics here are his best hands down. This albums  has brought me lots of joy, and for the new Rush fan it's highly  recommended along with their classics like Moving Pictures and Signals.
B00000J7RZ|3.0|Its not that good but it has one absolut fantastic song on it. Thats NO ME AMES. When I first heard this song I was amazed. OK I was amazed about Marc Anthony because he gives the song that fantastic flair but Jennifers  voice sounds good to his.The rest of the songs are not the best and not the  worst. She is a good actress but she isnt a great singer.
B000002GBJ|3.0|An entertaining and listenable sample of the marriage of rock and classical music . I used to love this record when I was a teenager in the 70's. Nowadays I belong to the ranks of those who are more inclined to  listen to music really composed in the time of Henry VII and his six wives  than Wakeman's impressions of their lives .
6300270726|2.0|This is of course a rip-off of &quot;Shane,&quot; but with the plot modified so Clint can beat up and shoot more people.  Otherwise, it follows the classic original right down to ending with a youngster standing on the edge of town shouting &quot;I love you&quot; as the hero rides off (but not  wounded as Ladd's character was).  One parallel does not work, though.  In  the 1950 version, we can understand why the Jean Arthur character will be  attracted to the clean-shaven, quiet-spoken, peace-preferring Shane.  But  why would the Carrie Snodgrass character and her nubile daughter played by  Sydney Penny possibly be drawn to the scruffy, menacing Preacher, who too  obviously relishes the destruction of other human beings?
B000000H57|5.0|Type O Negative has done it again!  With every album they release, they grow increasingly wonderful, and October Rust has been no exception.<br />With beautiful songs like &quot;Love You To Death&quot;, and funky, playful  songs like &quot;My Girlfriend's Girlfriend&quot;, the diversity of the  album is perhaps greater than any other band around.  From beautiful to  haunting, serious to playful, you'll not find an album with more variety  than October Rust.<br />I definitely recommend this album to anybody who  enjoys good music.
0440219078|5.0|I am acutaly Mary's son, but I LOVED this book. I have read it 4 times and each time I read it , I seem to find a deeper meaning. I love it and I highly recomend you puchase it
B000035P80|5.0|This is the greatest thing ever captured on film.  Dylan is a genious
B00000IKSC|5.0|This video shows BSB at their best!  You fall in love with them all over again!  The boys are adorable.  The video is their Orlando concert from 1998 and I wish I had been there.  If you're not a BSB fan, you will be  after viewing this.  The Boys are so relaxed and energetic and they really  dance their hearts out.  I love the part where their playing &quot;Quit  Playing Games With My Heart,&quot; and Brian and Kevin screw up and they  show a shot of Brian with the cutest smile on his face.  That's just one of  the great things you'll see.  It's the best video ever!  Buy it!
0375707972|5.0|I am 15 and I thought that this book was great.  Even though the book started out a little boring at first once Hanna was introduced the book got more interesting.  The reason for is because Hanna and the other main  character Michael got into a relationship and the book started to pick up  speed.  The two main characters have so much in common.  Michael is  attracted to Hanna yet he never reveals it to the reader.  They both are  single people living with a secret to tell at the end of the novel.  If you  like a surprise at the end of books this book is for you!
6305508550|5.0|When this movie came out to rent I new I had to rent it because I had not been able to see it at the theater.The poblem was it was checked out and video store usally has like 10 videos of a new release,so I knew it Had to  be good.When I finally got to see it I thought it was so funny that Ikept  rewinding it just see the parts I missed! I'm going to get this DVD  today.If your looking for a great laugh,Rent this,See this,Buy this
0716723980|3.0|Aspiring writers of inorganic textbooks face the dilemma of producing something too encyclopedic like Cotton and Wilkinson or too sparse like Miessler and Tarr.  Atkins and Shriver strive for a happy balance, and I  generally like the organization and how it is updated with contemporary  material.  However, I have to agree with earlier reviewers who deplore  Atkins' poor writing and the proliferation of errors.<br />If you're looking  for a readable inorganic textbook, try Huheey.  It needs some updating, and  admittedly it is not error-free either, but at least you'll learn something  and the prose is elegant.  The chapters on coordination chemistry and  periodicity, for instance, are second to none. Cotton's early editions  (&lt;3rd) were comparable to Huheey, but the deletion of &quot;introductory  material&quot; and the unabashed glorification of organometallic chemistry  at the expense of everything else render it useless for the student.<br />If  the publishers could gently tell Atkins that his talents lie elsewhere than  in textbook or popular writing, then perhaps this textbook might go  somewhere.
0385333846|5.0|The title of this review seems to run with the content.  After I read Vonnegut's most famous novel, I found myself wondering if I liked it or not.  As I read further Vonnegut works, I saw that the same style was  emulated in each book and I kept questioning whether it was good or not.   Vonnegut is truly nothing like any other writer you may have read; when  reading the novel, the story seems whole, yet when you reflect upon it, it  changes into merely a shell of a story.  You also forget what you have  read, both during and after you've read the book.  It's quite an  experience!
B00000JGOJ|3.0|This is one of the best human dramas I have seen in a long while. Brilliantly acted, directed, written and shot. Unfortunately the DVD release by Miramax has been botched. Not only is there bad pixilation in a  lot of scenes, but the film has only been Letterboxed at about 1.75:1, not  2.20 as stated on the packaging. As a result a lot of the glorious  photography is badly cropped. The picture even zooms out at the end to get  all the end credits in! Anamorphic would have been nice, and an extra or  two even nicer. Shame.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|There isn't one bad word to be spoken of Fiona's new album. Her vocals are a lot stronger and angst filled especially on &quot;On The Bound&quot;. Tidal had more of a whispy, dreamy sound and on When The Pawn you can tell  Fiona definitely gained more confidence in her singing. Most of the lyrics  are delivered with fury but I don't think it is because she &quot;so  angry&quot; like everyone always says. The songs all focus on getting her  point across to her lover. Like in &quot;Get Gone&quot; she's declaring  that the relationsip is through. But she also offers subtle apologies in  &quot;To Your Love&quot; and &quot;I Know&quot;. I think she has in a way  matured on this album and I can hardly wait to see what she has in store  for all of her fans. I would recommend this to everybody but mainly anyone  who's been a fan since Tidal. I suggest getting both.
B000002HJD|4.0|This recording is NOT for those who like to be spoon fed.  While some can't get past the titles (Lament, for ex), those who get IT will get it.  Morrison's rock god icon was only one facet of the man, and here we get to  see more of the picture.  As for those who criticize the remaining Doors  for putting music to his muses, I highly doubt that &quot;cashing in&quot;  was their motivation. This is good stuff!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|There isn't one bad word to be spoken of Fiona's new album. Her vocals are a lot stronger and angst filled especially on &quot;On The Bound&quot;. Tidal had more of a whispy, dreamy sound and on When The Pawn you can tell  Fiona definitely gained more confidence in her singing. Most of the lyrics  are delivered with fury but I don't think it is because she &quot;so  angry&quot; like everyone always says. The songs all focus on getting her  point across to her lover. Like in &quot;Get Gone&quot; she's declaring  that the relationsip is through. But she also offers subtle apologies in  &quot;To Your Love&quot; and &quot;I Know&quot;. I think she has in a way  matured on this album and I can hardly wait to see what she has in store  for all of her fans. I would recommend this to everybody but mainly anyone  who's been a fan since Tidal. I suggest getting both.
0688156819|3.0|I found this book funny as hellsinki! tim Burton did a number on the dark humor side of things with these short poems. There where however some problems...One i read through it in 10 mins..i didn't like the fact that i spent so much money on a lil book that i finished quicker than a carebears  book. Two it was sorta dull if your looking for sinical sarcastic silly  short poems than i would recomend the book called &quot;Creepy Susie: And  Thirteen Other Tragic Tales for Troubled Children&quot; it is more funny  than dark but it is definately in the shadows.
B00000G3PA|1.0|I actually enjoyed the first half of this film. The quirky characters and the humour put me in mind of James Cameron's The Abyss, and that's no bad thing. But then we have the Shuttle launches, and everything goes to pot. We see Liv Tyler, flanked by Marines in full dress uniform, standing before  a hundred foot high American flag, and all of a sudden we're into yee-haw,  burger chomping, gum chewing, apple pie eating,  American's-are-the-only-worth-while-people-on-the-planet, Independence Day  nonsense. Every scene that follows contains an American flag. An American  performs every heroic action. Every laugh it at the expense of a  stereotypical Russian Cosmonaut. Some one should tell Jerry Bruckheimer  that propaganda doesn't need to be quit this blatant! A full-scale  Star-Spangled invasion would be subtler. (Although Iraq, Panama, Libya,  Grenada, Nicaragua, Vietnam, Korea, the Philippines, Haiti, Guatemala and  Cuba might disagree.)<br />If you do decide to watch this film I would suggest  you slap yourself around the head. Failing that, rent it and then take it  back after the first hour, and simply assume that the \\"Good Guys\\" win. Oh  and of coarse the boy gets the girl.  COMPLETE TRIPE!
B000007O9L|5.0|...which really isn't saying much, given 'Still Life,' and 'Flashpoint.' With that said, I don't mean to minimize this cd either. It has the feel of a small club performance, not a washed out live stadium show. The Stones found a way to breath life into their monster hits from the late 60's/early 70's with a degree of intimacy that's really unexpected. I also liked hearing their new take on 'Shine a Light' and 'Dead Flowers.'
B00000J7J4|3.0|this cd is okay but not great.  as a fan of the old santana i found it hard to sit through some of the guitar melodies as they were shot down by overated pop stars. this is not to say that it is all bad, at times the  mixture of guitar and  vocals (such as the song with wyclef) turn out to be  alright.<br />Also wasn't the point of &quot;santana&quot; the great guitar  backed up by like 20 drummers? the drumming in this album is so weak..
0767819543|4.0|Hollywood could never match the power and beauty of this film from Brazil. A real storyline that turns in many different directions and leaves a very emotional impact in the end. This film is one of the very best films that I  have seen in some time.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This is a great cd, from &quot;Testify&quot; to &quot;War Within A Breath&quot;,and everything in between. I'll break all the songs down for you.<br />&quot;Testify&quot;- A hard hitting opener that sets the tone for  the rest of the album. It's also well-written to, &quot;I need you, my  witness, to dress this up so bloodless.&quot;<br />&quot;Guerrilla  Radio&quot;- What can I say? Probably the best rap/metal song in a long  time. &quot;Lights out,guerrilla radio,turn that sh--  up! &quot;<br />&quot;Calm Like A Bomb&quot;- Morello's sound effects are in  full-throttle here,and it sounds great.&quot;And tha riot be tha rhyme of  the unheard&quot;<br />&quot;Mic Check&quot;- More sound effects and a more  &quot;rappish&quot; sound. &quot;With the mic device I spit nonfiction,who  got tha power,this be my question&quot;<br />&quot;Sleep Now In The  Fire&quot;- A great intro by Morello and screamed lyrics by Zack de la  Rocha in the chorus form a great song.&quot;The cost of my desire,sleep now  in the fire!&quot;<br />&quot;Born Of A Broken Man&quot;- Takes a while to get  going,but it's worth it. &quot;Born of a broken man,never a broken  man&quot;<br />&quot;Born As Ghosts&quot;- Weird effects against semi-calm  lyrics.&quot;Safe from the screams,of the children born as  ghosts&quot;<br />&quot;Maria&quot;- An extremely well-written story of a  slave.&quot;And with a whisper he whips her,her soul chained to his will,my  job is to kill if you forget to take your pill&quot;<br />&quot;Voice Of The  Voiceless&quot;- Basically about the fact that the commonb people will  never be washed out. &quot;You'll never silence the voice of the  voiceless&quot;<br />&quot;New Milenium Homes&quot;-Good intro and then an  explosion of rage.&quot;Violence is in all hands,embrace it if need  be,livin' been warfare,I press it to cd&quot;<br />&quot;Ashes In The  Fall&quot;-Awesome intro and great rhymes by de la Rocha.&quot;A mass of  promises begin to rupture,like the pockets of the new world kings,like  swollen stomachs in Appalachia,like the priests that f--- you as they  whisper holy things.&quot; The chorus rules to but I don't feel like typing  it out.<br />&quot;Wr Within A Breath&quot;-Doesn't slow down at all just like  the other ones. &quot;War within a breath,it's land or death&quot;<br />Buy  it. Peace.
0684872153|4.0|I think that this book is wondeful. The author has been threw so much and he came out on top with his courage and wisdom to know that life can be lived in a good way after all. I would give this book 4 thumbs up! Good Job  !
B00000K0T8|5.0|Look, if your into rap look no further than Ironman, produced by The Rza who seems to be one of the best producers in the industry alongside with Tru Master who produced &quot; Fish &quot; on Ironman. In this album you  will find some of the best backbeats and lyrics, it features other Wu Tang  members like U-God, Inspectah Deck, Masta Killa, basically this an  excellent album and anyone who thinks otherwise, well, they need help! If  you buy this album I know for a fact you will not regret it.
0425129586|5.0|Wow, this was a really great book, it was the first book I ever read that I really LOVED. But lets face it, Agatha Christie has never been known for overly intelligent writing, but for what this novel lacks in depth, it more  than makes up for in excitement and entertainment, I could hardly put it  down.
B0000029LG|5.0|'HIStory begins' contains the greatest hits of the greatest artist, so theres nothing that needs to be sead - &quot;Billie Jean&quot;, &quot;Black or White&quot;, &quot;Bad&quot;, &quot;Man in the Mirror&quot;,  &quot;Thriller&quot;, &quot;Heal the World&quot; and so on speaks for  themselves.<br />But there's lots of great stuff on 'HIStory continues', even  though there's missers too (&quot;This Time Around&quot; and &quot;2  bad&quot; are quite borring, and &quot;Childhood&quot; is disgustingly  sweet). The groovy openingtrack, &quot;Scream&quot;, is excellent, and the  uptempo &quot;They Don't Care About Us&quot; is also super. These tracks  marks the new line of MJ - the opening lines of &quot;Scream&quot;  are:<br />&quot;Tired of injustice/tired of the schemes/life is disgusting/so  what does it mean?//You're kicking me down/I try to get up/as jacked as it  sounds/the whole system sucks, damn it!&quot;<br />On &quot;Scream&quot;,  &quot;They Don't Care About Us&quot;, &quot;D.S&quot; and &quot;Tabloid  junkie&quot; (another on of the super tracks), MJ attacks the system that  has marked him as a freak, and who love to make more or less true scandals  of Michaels private life:<br />&quot;Scandal/with the words you use/you  parasite in black and white/you crucifie your soul/.../and with your  pen/you torture men&quot; he spits out in &quot;Tabloid Junkie&quot;.<br />The  album contains silent songs as well: &quot;Stranger in Moscow&quot; is  fantastic, and shows the lonely man who can't be reconnectet to normal  life, try as he may. &quot;Earth Song&quot; is 'Heal the World vol. 2', and  is fantastic with it's gospel-like sound in the second half; &quot;You Are  Not Alone&quot; is a great love-song, and &quot;Little Susie&quot; is a  tragic song about &quot;the girl with the tune&quot; who are alone in the  world without any family (again obviously a metaphor of Michael's own  loneliness).<br />The problem with HIStory is that it goes out in too many  directions, but if one jumps over some of the tracks it is an excellent  album for a rainy, cold, autumn-day.s, but if one jumps over some of the tracks it is an excellent  album for a rainy, cold, autumn-day.
0440224764|5.0|This book was great.  It taunts you with little mysteries right up to the climax, at which the big mystery is solved. The ending leaves you kind of cold, but its better than the stupid hapily ever after, guy-gets-the-girl  ending.
B0000296SI|3.0|I just bought this cd and am disappointed in it. Most of the songs sound very familiar to each other, they all have the same tone and style. I was bothered by the lyrics, especially when they put girls down such as on  Dysentary Gary where they sing &quot; girls are such a drag&quot;. The only  positive aspects of the cd are the songs What's My Age Again, All The Small  Things, and Aliens Exist. They are the only three worth listening to. Don't  waste your money on this cd, if you really want to hear it, borrow it off a  friend, but don't buy it.
0061003697|5.0|Just as in And Then There Were None, Agatha Christie has written a fast paced, exciting, and extremely interesting mystery novel that really requires detuctive logic to figure out &quot;whodunnit&quot;. If you can  get past the some what dull subplot at the beggining, you will be rewarded  with a GREAT story, when I was reading this book, I got so wrapped up in it  that one day I stayed up all night doing nothing but reading. I can safely  say that anyone who remotely likes mystery will LOVE this novel.
6304711875|5.0|If youre a fan of Williamson or not you cannot afford to miss this film. Sexy, funny and scary, the best film in the world, apart from Scream 2 of course!
0140282033|5.0|&quot;Chocolat&quot; captures the imagination and the writing style allows the reader to envision the wonderful chocolate treats of the chocolate shop. Ms. Harris has the ability to draw a mental picture of each of her  characters in the minds of the reader. A real treat to read!
0767802470|2.0|forget what the last review said, consdiering this film came out in the post Tin Drum, Berlin Alexander Platz and Agurrie the Wrath of God ear odf german cinema, it is a ture low point of any cinmea in any era. Based on  the stanards of the above films it is a conventioal action film , whit  hokey dialouge and repitive scenes, peterson is no wirter and no director.  dejavu takes over after about twenty minutes when scenes are palyed over  and over again( whit remiscancent dialouge as well)  Sure this film is on  par with any america film becuaes most american films are carp wate of  time.  No true brillance is shown here , only the conventonal war film with  no real philosocial or any over overtones for that matter
B00001ZWTS|2.0|\\"Nice-try\\" remake of the original Wild Wild West TV series from the 1960's. Agents James West and Artemus Gordon are dispatched by President Grant to prevent the evil genius Dr. Loveless from carrying out a threat to fragment the integrity of the United States. The plot is  good, but the cast and the scripting doesn't reach the potential of what this film could have been. Will Smith and Kevin Kline a little wacky and stray too far from the original characters portrayed by Robert Conrad and Ross Martin. The casting of Will Smith does not work well for fans who remember the original TV series: he appears too young to be an experienced agent, and his contemporary behavior detracts from the period setting.  On the positive side, the machinery and inventions are entertaining with armored tanks, trains, and an 80-foot tall \\"spider\\" vehicle.  Overall, it's an okay adventure movie, but doesn't hit the \\"bulls-eye\\" as a successful remake.
B0000203YT|3.0|i think the movie was overrated. i thought it was nice because i majored in english literature and enjoyed my shakespeare classes. my friends, the math and science majors, suffered through it.
B000009ED0|5.0|If you can see past the few cuss words, you'll see a picture of what some people are actually going through, of course, some are written for pure fun and that's cool too. I love this cd! All the songs are awesome in their own  way. His talent is unmatched, I would't be able to play all those  instruments! Hey, if he's feeling stressed with too many instruments to  play, I'll glady play the trap set! I recommend this cd for anyone that  likes to party and have fun, and with a stomach for cuss words!
0425170055|5.0|Once again, the master has produced a simply awesome book. You can't read it fast enough, it keeps you wanting to know what happens next. A &quot;can't put down&quot; book that is full of suspense, thrill, action,  you name it, it's here. This one is a must read - this would make an  INCREDIBLE movie as well!
0679731725|5.0|This is perhaps the most well-written book I've ever come across.  Remains of the Day sweeps you up with captivating tone that almost convinced me that I was in England as I read the work. This should not be missed by  anyone seeking an artfully written and astoundingly understated work of  fiction.
0425170055|5.0|Once again, the master has produced a simply awesome book. You can't read it fast enough, it keeps you wanting to know what happens next. A &quot;can't put down&quot; book that is full of suspense, thrill, action,  you name it, it's here. This one is a must read - this would make an  INCREDIBLE movie as well!
6303407188|5.0|I saw \\"Ed Wood\\" in 1995 with my girlfriend. It was actually our first movie date, and for a while, it seemed like a totally wrong move. I didn't really know it then, but she doesn't like films in general, and she hated  \\"Ed Wood\\" in particular. <br />I can understand this. The movie has very  little of what is popular with the general moviegoer, the one who goes to  see a movie for the rush and excitement of it . No car chases, no  explosions, no gunfights, in fact very little action at all.  It is also  one of the funniest and most touching films ever made, if you're even  slightly into movie history.<br />Edward D. Wood wanted nothing more than to  make movies, and he was an incurable optimist with a strong belief in his  own genius. The problem was that he completely lacked any kind of talent,  and the result were star turkeys like Plan 9 from outer Space, Glen or  Glenda, Bride of the Monster and Night of the Ghouls. <br />It would have been  very easy to make a pure comedy out of Wood's life, to ridicule him and  present him like some sort of nitwit with delusions of grandeur. But Tim  Burton has not fallen into this trap. Instead, seemingly with much love for  the source material, he portrays Ed Wood as a good and gentle man intent of  following his own desires even when everyone (including his girlfriend and  numerous theatre and movie critics) would suggest otherwise; much the way  that Wood by all accounts WAS in real life. <br />Johnny Depp turns in one of  his best performances as the energetic and unflappable Wood, while Martin  Landau is nothing short of sensational as the down-and-out horror-star Bela  Lugosi (Surely the most deserving Academy Award-winning performance I've  ever seen) that Wood befriends. The friendship between Wood and Lugosi is  some of the most touching material in this movie, and the scene where Wood  received message that Lugosi had died, and the subsequential burial where  reporters were privately ridiculing Lugosi, were easilythe saddest moments  in the film.<br />Being a film buff with a soft spot for old movies, and an  even softer spot for old turkeys, I loved this film. It's my third favorite  (behind \\"Raiders of the Lost Ark\\" and \\"Casablanca\\"), and I can't recommend  it enough. <br />And I must have had some redeeming values after all; my  girlfriend married me anyway. Though she still hates \\"Ed Wood\\".
B000002KET|5.0|When I first purchased this CD I thought it was just another Sabbath album.  I thought it was good but definetaly not as good as 'Master Of Reality' or 'Vol. 4', but as this year past I have different feelings for  it.  I sat down and listened to SBS in its entirety.  ITS ESCELLENT!  I  don't know when I first bought it.  I guess I wasn't in that &quot;Sabbath  mood&quot;.  But things have changed now.  This is an excellent Sabbath CD.   Heavy tracks such as 'Sabbath Bloody Sabbath', 'Sabbra Cadabra', and  'Killing Yourself To Live', of course, cannot be ignored.  But pay  attention to 'Fluff': and awesome instrumental ballad.  'Who Are You'is  mysterious and creepy.  Like I said, the whole CD is excellent.  This CD is  for any metal fan or a good old fan of Black Sabbath.
0553274503|5.0|This book, from the first time I read it in 7th grade I loved it.  I've read it 4 times since then and It still amazes me.  It is so brilliantly written.  The main character Charlie comes to life thanks to Keyes'  technique of writing the book in diary/journal mind.  You can't help but  feel connected to this character, as if he were another human being.  The  plot is extensive and grips you.  I can't get enough of this book, and I  hope you give it a chance to get you too.
0960191038|5.0|I've used this book again and again and it never fails to yield up some new insight. It's simply the best book in its field. It's particularly good, of course, on structure; it gives you a way in to virtually every  business communication. It has a very stringent rationale and fairly tough  samples to go with it. Toward the end it mentions 'images' - I'd like this  aspect of business writing to be dealt with in far greater depth. I haven't  yet seen the 1996 edition, but I'll try to get a copy.
B000002UVZ|5.0|I absolutely love this CD, it's the best I've heard by any artist as yet. Swan Swan H is one of the best tracks, it has that aura of remoteness and mystique around it. I Believe is also one of the best. I have the old,  limited release version, which has 6 new tracks, two of which - a cover of  Dream (All I Have to Do) and an acoustic Swan Swan H - are especially good.  Nothing on here disappoints me, although I guess I'd say that with most  R.E.M. CDs. Anyway, this is a truly excellent CD.
0679745203|4.0|I first bought this book a couple of months after I first saw the movie.  I started to read it and I couldn't get more than half way through it.  I was confused on where the story was and the only thing that guided me is  the knowledge I had from the movie.  A few years later, a few really  enjoyable English courses, and a better appreciation for literature I  decided to give it another try.  I was able to follow the way he wrote  little moments and started to understand the connections.  It was really  exciting and I started to get in his style.  I read it very quickly,  because it is easy to get stuck in his details and images.  I did go back  and read it again slowly.  I wasn't worried about understanding the plot,  and I was able to enjoy the images and details.  One must read in the style  that he writes in order to enjoy the book.  I like the difference between  the book and the movie.  It's not gripping, but it is very good.
B00003E47Z|5.0|I finally got my DVD from Amazon. I put it in my DVD Player (Pioneer) and all I get is a running picture ! This sucks ! My DVD player is only 2 months old, so it must be 'compatible' ? I want to make you all aware of  this potential 'problem'. Not sure if anyone else has run across this  problem. The DVD plays fine on my laptop, however (DVD on PC). Darrel
B000002KMY|5.0|For Black Sabbath not to have Ozzy Osbourne, Dio did one helluva job pickin' up the slack on this one.
B000002JS6|5.0|Not only is this one of, if not the, best rock albums of all time, but it also uses more than merely three chords that so many dissidents seem to think. The excellent title cut here in fact uses the A, G, B, D, E, G# and  A# chords. If you have ever thought about getting an AC/DC album, get this  immediately! You will not regret it!
B000002KFJ|4.0|This album has some really good songs on it like Hole in the Sky and Symptom of the Universe but some of the other songs are simply not as good. That's why I felt compelled to give it four stars.
0898159156|5.0|Pictures on almost every page.  Very easy reading and very informative.  I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in carnivorous plants.
6302816556|5.0|I've watched pretty much all the bruce lee movies I can find and this one is one of the good ones.  It has some cool special effects for that time.
B000001FV9|4.0|The original Traffic (with Dave Mason) was in the process of breaking up when this album was recorded, and it shows.  It reminds me of Cream's &quot;Goodbye&quot; album:  a handful of excellent studio cuts and some  rather mediocre live cuts to fill out the album.  <br />Side one, the studio  side, is uniformly excellent.  If you like the early Traffic sound, you  will be right at home.  The standards here are &quot;Shanghai Noodle  Factory&quot; (fantastic Steve Winwood vocal) and &quot;Medicated  Goo&quot;, but &quot;Just For You&quot;, which starts the CD, is an  unjustly overlooked Dave Mason classic, and &quot;Somebody's Got A Hold Of  My Toe&quot; is a great guitar instrumental.  Good stuff.<br />The live tracks  are less than forgettable.  Traffic was performing as a trio (sans Dave  Mason who had departed), and the organ/sax/drum combo just doesn't quite  make it.  They seem to be trying for a jazzy kind of organ trio thing here,  but it doesn't work.  <br />Traffic would yet record some great albums (John  Barleycorn, Low Spark, Shootout...) but I will always wonder what might  have been had that original lineup stayed together for a few more  albums.<br />If you are a Traffic fan, and don't mind shelling out your  dollars for essentially half a great album, this is worth having.  Heck,  just the instrumental break in &quot;Shanghai Noodle Factory&quot; is worth  the price of the CD.<br />Or I guess you could just buy &quot;Best Of  Traffic&quot; and have most of the good stuff here.
6302816556|5.0|I've watched pretty much all the bruce lee movies I can find and this one is one of the good ones.  It has some cool special effects for that time.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Once I heard some Limp Bizkit songs I began to like the group so I bought Three Dollar Bill, Y'all$.  I liked all the songs, especcially Faith, Indigo Flow, and Pollution.  A couple weeks later I bought Significant  Other.  The Intro and Outro were both great and funny, especcially the  comedy clips at the end of the cd.  I like the rapping over the metal and  the soulful Rearranged.  There is not one bad song on this cd so buy it.
0151003084|5.0|I first encountered this little beauty in college in the early eighties and have been in love with it ever since.  I have given the book as a gift many times and it is always received well - no matter who it goes to.
0805062971|5.0|First off, I haven't seen the movie yet.  I wanted to when it came out to theaters, but never got around to it, so I figured I'd read the book first.  At first I wasn't really into it.  Everything was so negative and seemed  uninteresting through this guy's eyes, but later the book took me on an  adventure that I can't get out of my head.  This book is a must read for  those who need more excitement in their reading repetoire.  Totally  different-totally fantastic.
B000000W6X|4.0|This album definitely improves upon their debut release Blue Lines. Protection is beautifully chill and among my top five CDs to wind down to after a night of partying/clubbing/raving whateva... Tracey Thorn's sultry  vocals on tracks 1 and 6 melt exquisitely and Nicolette's participation on  3 and 8 make this CD &quot;ear candy.&quot; Any fan of exceptional musical  creativity should enjoy this, so go and get it now!
6300263673|5.0|I have been watching this movie since i was 9 years old (which wasn't so long ago) and I have loved it all those years. This movie makes me feel so romantic and in love that I sometimes cry! Baby and Johnny are in such love  that I always wish I had something like that. I love all the music and my  favorite part is at the end when they dance the last dance ! They do such a  good job it's phenomenal, and it wouldn't be if they weren't the ones doing  it. If you love to watch good movies you have to see this. Even if you  don't like romantic movies you have to see this. I'ts the best movie ever  and giving it only five stars isn't enough!
0812589041|4.0|The first thing to say about this book is that it takes children seriously. Although most of the characters are in the ages of 6 to 12, they are described as other authors describes adults. As the book contains  almost no descriptions, either of enviroment, people, clothing, etc, it's  easy to believe that the story is about teenagers, or even older  people!<br />The story isn't original, and there's not much of it anyway.  Ender is taken to military school at the age of 6. There he win battles,  feel lonely, grow older, and win battles again. The whole book. Still it is  entertaining, one really cares for Ender, the only character really  described (the others are describes in terms like &quot;short&quot;,  &quot;fat&quot;, &quot;young&quot;, etc, almost never more than a word).  Among the strong parts are discussion about leadership, strategy and the  ruthlessness of the military when trying to accomplish a mission.<br />I liked  the book and couldn't stop reading it. Now, afterwards, it seems  unrealistic, Ender (and his siblings) are so much smarter than everyone  else that rest of the characters seems made of plastic. The idea of having  a 12 year old child commanding a space fleet is never really explained. The  techonology is sometims advanced, but one notices that the book was written  long before VR-technology.<br />Still, this was nothing that bothered me when  I was reading the book. It's a good one, and well worth reading.
0553573403|2.0|I'm on page three hundred something and I'm stuck! The book seemed to start so promising, but now has bogged down.  The writing is reminding me more and more of Robert Jordan.  Too much detail about clothes and  buildings and beards, etc.  Can we just take it as a given that everyone  wears the typical armor described in the story and only tell us on the rare  occassion when someone isn't? I will say that, having read Ivanhoe several  times, a couple of parts of the story that could have been exciting were  only a pale imitation of that classic story (I have no doubt they were  based on similar passages in Ivanhoe). Unfortunately, it seems modern  fantasy novel sales are driven by page count, not story quality. I already  have the next book in the series, but I'm going to have to be a masochist  to get through them both.
B000002H6C|5.0|Listen up. Ive been listening to this cd for over 10 years. I am currently on my fourth copy. This cd just plain brings it.  The riffs are powerful and energetic and display creativity. I dont even care about the lack of  bass, as the guitars provide enough punch as to actually knock my speakers  off of the shelf(not an exaggeration! )!  Hetfield and the boys are like a  freight train on this album. If you want to try something therapeutic, Put  on this album and punch a punching bag!  If more people did this there  would be a lot less violence
0792151712|4.0|Everyone loved this movie when it first came out, but then came the gargantuan profits and the boatload (pardon the pun) of Oscars.  The theme song was played to death and the movie was shoved in our faces repeatedly,  so we got sick of it.  A lot of people apparently got really, really  bitter, so they started raging against it, criticizing it for minute  historical inaccuracies and the cheesy love story.  And these were the  people who in the beginning loved it, cried over it, and went to see a  second and third time.  Am I missing something?<br />Okay, the movie is flawed  (the bad script, Dicaprio, etc.), and those flaws really stick out the  third or fourth time around, but since when has a movie not had some flaw?   The acting is above average for the most part, the special effects are  great, and the mood is perfectly set.  This movie, especially in the last  hour, is all about the mood.  The tension, the anger, the fear, and the sad  acceptence of fate.  You really feel for these people, even after having  seen this movie four times or more.  Come on, people, get over it and admit  that!  Is it really that hard?  Next time out, try, as gut-wrenching as it  may be, not to concentrate on the flaws and focus instead on the good  parts, if you possibly can.  Then, possibly, you'll see why some of us  still love it and why so many millions of people loved it in the beginning.   And when it's over, you just might feel like you've only been watching for  a couple of minutes and not moan about how it was so long and boring and  tedious, among other things.  Try it.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Its hard to classify this cd. It goes from the glam sarcasm of wormboy, to the spooky autobiographic kinderfeld with almost no effort. I became a manson fan after buying mechanical animals, so i bought ACSS thinking it  would be similar. I was very wrong. While animals was glittery, meaningful  and very reminiscent of david bowie, Antichrist has the kind of bleak story  thats portrayed with such realism that it can reduce you to tears within  the first few tracks. The best peice on here is definitely Man that you  fear, and song that has the antichrist holding the world in his hands and  about to crush it, and looking back on his lost innocence and the parents  who betrayed him. Its the bitter finality of the electronic choirs and  rhodes piano (suppplied by trent reznor) that makes the song one of the  rare gems that have no equal. Be prepared to cry.
0964385619|5.0|Rich Dad, Poor Dad is one of the few books which challenges Americans to break the mold.  The book brings out several issues which Americans have held true through the years.  The years of working a job and having the  company take care of you are gone.  The book outlines for those who are  disciplined how to become financially independent.  A MUST READ BOOK for  everyone who can read.
B000006ZKJ|4.0|I originally heard this album on my parents record player in the eighties and was amazed by the fantastic rythem of the entire record. The contrast between the crystal clear female vocals and the deepness of the male vocals  adds a freshness to the album.
B00000GAGR|4.0|This is Bon Jovi's most mature album. And this one came out when all the big Rock bands were falling down. I think this album made Bon Jovi survive this bad time for Rock n'Roll. You'll find everytinhg here: energy, good  lyrics, balads, Hard rock, light stuff... very nice! I gave 4 stars, but  I'd give 4 and a half... but it's not possible...
6305657947|1.0|The only genius in this movie comes from the marketing people. It is marketed in the trailer as a high paced action suspense film. The truth is, all the action sequences are shown in the trailer and never develop into  much on the screen. I believe that if your going to make a movie you  shouldn't try to sell it as something it isn't. This is a sappy love story  that doesn't even qualify as a good date movie. The mind games between  these two were entertaining up to the point where Renee Russo does a  complete 180 and turns into a limp noodle. This from a woman who came on so  strong is an example of the classic result you get when trying to make two  movies into one. I wasn't too fond of Entrapment until I saw this movie.  Yes, we get to see these two naked in a few love scenes, but even these do  not make up for the movies' other shortfalls. Did anyone notice that when  the movie was in theaters the only buzz it generated was Renee Russos' nude  scenes? It is fair to say that the DVD menu is one of the most original I  have ever seen, filled with awesome colors and great scenes from the movie.  The colors and scenery in the movie are also outstanding. The soundtrack  sounds like it was lifted off the original version and is not in sync with  the era the movie is set in. If your a DVD freak you might get this one for  the menu alone. Otherwise, wait until it's on HBO free weekend two years  from now.
B000002KNY|4.0|It pains me to say it, but I fear the Heads may be one of those bands that ages badly. Their stuff just don't hook me like it used to. Still, I'll listen to &quot;Air&quot; anytime, and like it. &quot;Animals&quot; also retains its charm. Most Heads fans will push Remain in Light as their best effort, but that one always seemed a little overwrought to me. This one's minimalism appeals to me more.
B00000IOSU|5.0|The only letdown on this cd is that it could have easily been a double album. I heard Sarah McLachlan saying in an interview that the strongest cuts made the album, but after watching the dvd version of Mirrorball I  still haven't figured out why such tracks as Elsewhere, Mary and Witness (  my favorite ) are missing. Still, get this as soon as possible. Check out  Sheryl Crow live in Central Park, the best song being the duet  with Sarah  McLachlan in The Difficult Kind.
B00000K19E|5.0|Without a doubt, the best DVD I've purchased!   The first time I saw it, I just put it away when done and said &quot;not bad&quot;.  Then, decided to watch it again to &quot;follow the white rabbit&quot;.  Not only was it  an interesting &quot;ride&quot;, but I got a lot more out of the film.   Now, every time I watch it, (5-6 times) I enjoy it more and more.  An  interesting plot with the best affects to date.  For those who wrote bad  reviews, they've probably only watched it once and didn't bother with the  extras DVD viewing offers.  To them - watch it again!   To the prospective  buyer - DO IT!   You'll be glad you did.
0684872153|5.0|Once I started this book, I just couldn't put it down. Though others may find it gloomy, but it is fascinating to see how people survived such tragedies. I can't imagine how they can make this into a movie however,  because the way it is written is what makes it most interesting.
B000002X1O|5.0|This has to be the ultimate for anyone who worships Grace. Her voice growls and soars!  I'm treasuring my scratchy vinyl, and hitting the repeat on my cd player!
B000031WD9|2.0|I don't see why people are raving about American Pie.  It's pretty much a yawn.  Add two stars if you are 15 years old, but then you shouldn't be watching it.  So, I don't know for whom this movie was intended.  It's an  R-rated teen flick with a few sophomoric toilet gags.  On the plus side,  the movie did not try to preach moral values or the evils of sex; the  situations were more true to life and the acting was pretty good.  On the  bad side, it lacked creativity and original humor except for a few chuckles  here and there.  It would have been funnier if they edited it down to half  an hour.
B000003TAL|5.0|Daydream Nation is an incredible album. It is very difficult to describe it in words because it is so unique and amazing. All the songs are excellent and have elaborate structures and lyrics that are often great and  insightful.<br />Daydream Nation is an album that paved the way for countless  others - listen to Teenage Riot and Silver Rocket and tell me that Nirvana  could have existed if not for Sonic Youth. Listen to Candle and notice the  similarities to Smashing Pumpkins (still a great band however). Sonic Youth  is a great band that everyone should be exposed to, and Daydream Nation is  one of (and possibly THE) best records the 80s produced.
B0000214F0|5.0|Ok, there's the deal. The movie was made over 20 years ago. They did the best they could as far as quality is concerned. And for those who don't have a DVD player, get one. The bottom line is that the movie is awesome.  It's a &quot;get in front of it&quot; look at history. No holds barred. And  don't waste your time with the r-rated version. The unrated version is the  'only' version. You've got killer actors, killer sets, killer  cinematogrophy, killer plot, and if you don't mind the smut, a killer money  shot. It's the best of ALL worlds in one movie. Brass, Guccione, and Vidal  make a killer team even if they don't want to admit it. Big budget, big  actors, big ugly product. I'm sorry but I loved it! If you don't have a  weak stomach, and if you love history, and if you dig a little sex, this is  the flick to see.
0060273224|5.0|Sabriel is a fantasy fiction book by Garth Nix.  A world, created of realms of the dead and the living, and inbetween, is the world of Sabriel.  She is the daughter of Abhorsen, a necromancer.  He is a different sort of necromancer, though.  He does not bring the dead back to life, he sends the  dead back.  But one day, as Sabriel is at her school in Ancelstierre, she  receives startling news from her father.  He is trapped, unable to help  himself against the powers of Kerrigor, an undead evil being.  She sets out  on a complex and amazing journey.  Not knowing what she is looking for, and  not knowing where to go, she treks and fights to find and save her father.  She soon discovers it is not only her father she needs to save.  In this  complex novel Garth Nix develops the characters and plot intricately and  masters suspense.  It is a great book for the young-adult audience!
B000002TWN|5.0|D'Angelo writes the best soul and R&amp;B songs.  With C0-Production from two of the members of Tribe Called Quest at least 2 of the songs have to be great.  But the whole CD is great.  I'm am just counting down the seconds  til VooDoo comes out.  But before anyone should buy VooDoo they need to  hear Brown Sugar
B00000064E|5.0|Having listened to this CD more than any other record, except for Glenn Gould`s recording of Bach`s Goldberg Variations, I can never tire of the freshness of vision, like an eternal child that constantly renews the adult  perspective on life, often jaded and marked by the weights and  responsibilities of the everydays. This record is perfect in its own right,  sweeter as the years go by, a voice sounding fresher and clearer, like the  voice of innocence, more and more appreciated for what it is, in contrast  to the weight of experience accumulating with the years. &quot;River  man&quot; must be one of the greatest, most perfect statements of a  lifeview in popular music, and generally the songs leave one (at least me!)  with an aching tenderness, a renewed motive to make the world a better  place. Thanks, Nick, wherever you are.
B000002U82|5.0|This album was played everywhere by everyone when I was 16. Okay, so it was mostly pot-party music.  But now even clear-headed, 23 years later, the CD is still wonderful &amp; evokes oh so many memories.
B00000064E|5.0|Having listened to this CD more than any other record, except for Glenn Gould`s recording of Bach`s Goldberg Variations, I can never tire of the freshness of vision, like an eternal child that constantly renews the adult  perspective on life, often jaded and marked by the weights and  responsibilities of the everydays. This record is perfect in its own right,  sweeter as the years go by, a voice sounding fresher and clearer, like the  voice of innocence, more and more appreciated for what it is, in contrast  to the weight of experience accumulating with the years. &quot;River  man&quot; must be one of the greatest, most perfect statements of a  lifeview in popular music, and generally the songs leave one (at least me!)  with an aching tenderness, a renewed motive to make the world a better  place. Thanks, Nick, wherever you are.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Just like Savage Garden's last album, this whole albumn is a hit.  I think there first song, Affirmation is one of their best with a great beat and very good perspective on life. I Knew I Loved You is another romantic hit,  the kind of ballad you love over and over again everytime you hear it.    Some of my other favorites are Two Beds and a Coffee Machine, The Animal  Song, and The Lover After Me.  I would reccommend this CD to anyone who  enjoyed their first CD and for most anyone who likes pop music.
B00000064G|5.0|I first heard &quot;Pink moon&quot; in 1973, and it has never let go of me since. Nick Drake wanted it recorded with no frills, and certainly it is difficult to find a more naked statement in all of modern music, springing  from a soul not of the earth, saying something about the essence of  existence. Having worked with dying patients for years, I feel &quot;Pink  moon&quot; illustrates something of the depth and beauty in dying,  springing as it did from a man already marked by death. The only parallels  in modern music to &quot;Pink moon&quot; may be Blind Willie Johnsons  &quot;Dark was the night, cold was the ground&quot;, Robert Johnsons  &quot;Hellhound on my trail&quot;, but Skip James` haunting blues for 3 AM  states are perhaps the closest - &quot;I`m so glad&quot;. Overtly a  depressive record, it is to me one of the most cleansing and truly  uplifting statements in music. Through darkness to the light.
B00002Z88D|5.0|The thing that sets great bands apart from good bands is flexibility.  Metallica shows once again they are a great band, but this time it is by expanding their horizons and attempting something new.  This is a great  album, and I would recommend it to any Metallica fan, and anyone else who  enjoys hard rock with an accoustic, almost Western feel.  I would also like  to say to the jabroni who wrote the review from &quot;Cliff Burton&quot;  (Metallica bassist who died in 1986), you are not a fan of this band in any  stretch of the imagination if you can lower yourself to portraying a dead  bass player.  Any true fan would respect the memory of Cliff, and voice  their opinions under their own name...Are you are that scared of someone  disagreeing with you...KNOW YOUR ROLE AND SHUT YOUR MOUTH...
0767903811|4.0|This book, which consists of columns Bryson wrote for an English paper after moving to the US, is a mixed success, in my eyes.  Bryson is one of my favorite authors, and some pieces were classic, classic Bryson---so  funny you really do laugh out loud for a good long while!  I liked best the  pieces on pop culture---diners, motels, TV, dieting, etc.  However, a few  pieces were about subjects you can read about in almost any newspaper  editorial any day of the week---government waste and stupidity, how hard  tax returns are to prepare, and the overactive legal system, to name some.  I found those pieces were not really done as well---they could have been  written by any skilled writer and did not have the distinctive Bryson  voice.  Maybe this is because they were not written for an American  audience originally, and maybe those topics are not as overdone in England.  Overall I still did like this book a lot, although I think I would have  liked better something that was less a collection of thoughts and more a  real tale of coming back to America, from a more personal viewpoint.
B000002WYT|5.0|The reason that Dave Matthews Band sets itself so far apart from other bands is because of all the details that come together to make a song.  Each instrument plays its own intricate melody, which all come together.  Sometimes Dave's voice sings, sometimes the saxaphone sings, sometimes the  violin or flute do.  The final product is a blend that is many layers deep,  but it stays in your head, and you find yourself singing along with not  only the words, but with the instruments' parts as well.
6303430570|2.0|I didn't like this one.  I'm not quite sure why.  There are several quite funny parts, and it's a good idea, but .. it feels too hip and shallow.  Like Seinfeld without the charm, a nihilistic 90's comedy about nothing.   If this is all independent directors have to offer, I think I'll rather  have one of those glossy  Hollywood movies Leonard Maltin's sneering at.
0380973642|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this anthology.  I am not a short story person but Gaiman's short stories hook me.  I think for those of you who didn't like the stories should think of them as a fine, vintage wine.  You should not  try to read them expecting every element to instantly tickle your senses  but savor them for many minutes.  And then I guarantee you will see things  in them you missed.
B000003KLM|3.0|Kind of cheesy, in an amusing, enjoyable way.  Only Meg Ryan, supposedly Connery's wild and dangerous daughter, is unwatchable in this movie.
6304415346|5.0|In my humble opinion this is the best movie ever (not just the best Star Trek or Science Fiction Movie). I would gladly have given this film 5 stars just on its special effects, the musical score, the humor (Troi's comment  about &quot;time&quot;), the chemistry between Picard and Lily, the  excitement building up to Cochrane's warp flight, and the beautiful way in  which the &quot;first contact&quot; was filmed. But the movie makes a major  point here that I think only one previous reviewer touched upon.<br />Without  Zefram Cochrane's warp flight,the whole Star Trek universe falls apart. In  the future, history later (quite justifiably) rewards him for this. And yet  this was a womanizing alcoholic who was &quot;just in it for the  money&quot;. Now THAT's realism.
B0000029DD|5.0|The man on the cover of the CD caught my eye. He looked lonely and lost, and at that moment I could identify with the feeling. Recognition dawned slowly. Jeff Buckley. Vaguely I remembered his name, mentioned in passing  briefly after his tragic death. A tribute written by Duncan Sheik in his  memory. I had never heard anything by this young man, and yet I felt  compelled to hear the music he wrote. I bought Grace on a whim and waited  to play it until I could sit and experience the entire album. As I sat and  listened, floods of tears poured from my eyes and my heart ached until I  thought it might burst. Divine. The only word I can use to describe him.  Every CD I had ever owned suddenly paled in comparison, seemingly wretched  and inconsequential. Truly this is the music played in the halls of heaven,  I thought to myself. I gazed at the picture of Jeff on the cover, this  intriguing man who had just unleashed every emotion hidden within the  depths of my being. A bitter wave of sorrow washed thorugh me, and I cried  once more. His untimely passing and his blessed talent shocked me. Why so  young? Why so soon? Why hadn't I already discovered that a god walked the  earth and spread his powerful message in songs that could make a stone  weep? I realized that someone as profoundly beautiful as Jeff should remain  in heaven instead of facing the trials and harsh realities of the world.  How sad that so few knew his name, let alone his power. Now, I must  enlighten others and alert them to the fact that miracles can happen here  on earth. One such miracle is the angel Jeff Buckley. Grace, sweet and  pure, touched my soul and changed my life. I am eternally grateful, Jeff.  Thank you.
B000002UJQ|5.0|From the opening guitar wail on &quot;Airbag&quot; to the contemplative conclusion of &quot;The Tourist&quot;, this album is a tour de force with which few other albums can compete.  Every nuance on each song has been  worked on to perfection.  Most of the songs rely on the strength of  subtlety, especially the album's best songs, &quot;Lucky&quot;, &quot;Karma  Police&quot;, and &quot;No Surprises&quot;.  That's not to say that songs  such as &quot;Paranoid Android&quot;, &quot;Let Down&quot;, and the  aforementioned &quot;Airbag&quot; are lacking, because they most certainly  are not.  Of course, frontman Thom Yorke is the focal point of the CD, and  his spiraling voice, paired with his far out yet sensible lyrics, are the  true entrancers on this CD.  Do not operate heavy machinery while listening  to this album.  That's not because it bores you.  It's because your brain  will cease to function because it cannot comprehend the music, which defies  greatness and compare.
630521610X|5.0|Scream is an astonishingly entertaining film, which mixes all the right ingredients - great direction, brilliant writing and a fresh and talented cast (especially Jamie Kennedy who excels in the role of the very funny  Randy). The first scene is absolutely terrifying, taking horror back to the  simple idea of someone being stalked by a killer - it really is one of the  most intense sequences ever committed to film. And whilst the blood flows,  you'll still be laughing heartily at the sheer self-awareness of it all, as  Williamson sets out the rules, then goes right ahead and breaks every  single one of them. To convey my enthusiasm for this film in a few hundred  words is impossible, but if you spend your money on it you won't feel  ripped off. Now, this 'Collector's Edition' is quite poor, with not much  substantial to offer - some TV spots, trailers and a few measly behind the  scenes snippets which have music over them so you can't hear anything going  on on the set! However, the commentary with Craven and Williamson is very  entertaining, and even though I'm moaning, the extras could have been much  worse. Anything that covers this brilliant film is always going to be  interesting, but I had hoped for the Director's Cut with a few minutes of  'lopped off to gain an R rating' gory action. Anyway, I absolutely love  this movie, and I would advise you to at least give it a try. Buy for the  film, stay for the extras.
B000001FFJ|5.0|It's 1:30 AM. You're alone and it's hot, and ALL your sheets are firmly to the wind. Rain Dogs [and another drink] is all you need.<br />Waits' style is a personal one, distinct and poetic, so trying to convince me he's got a  best album is like trying to convice someone they like filet mignon more  than grilled salmon! All his albums are great meals, so just because you're  bound to prefer one to another doesn't mean your tastebuds are better than  anyone else's -- the only way to know which you like best is to sample them  for yourself.<br />Because if you like Blues and standard arrangements, try  Heartattack and Vine or Blue Valentine. If you like softer stuff or jazz  hipsterism, try Heart of Saturday Night or Nighthawks. And if you like it  more deviant, try Swordfish or Bone Machine. Waits's got something for  everyone.<br />And yet in answer to all the critics, if you want them all on  one plate -- if you want pop and jazz, blues and acoustic, raveups and  hoedowns, and lyrics you actually want to read like a book -- there's no  way you can go wrong with Rain Dogs. I don't doubt this is the one album  that would make ALL Waits fans' top 5.<br />From there, you're on your own.  Because like all great experiences in life, one person's worst might just  be your best.
1558908498|5.0|How do you beat Scream? By writing Scream 2. This is the best sequel I have ever been lucky enough to see, and Williamson has excelled himself with this one. The story is just right, the laughs are plentiful (note the  still rather clumsy killer) yet you'll still be absolutely petrified. The  film is full of very clever dialogue, and the ironic references to itself  and other horror films are as funny as ever. The murder of one rather  popular character didn't make me happy, but sure as hell surprised me,  which is why the Scream films are so damn good - no-one is guaranteed to  make it to the final reel, which is why Scream 3 will be so interesting  because no-one has to come back for another sequel. The riffs on movies  prompting real-life murders are just the icing on a very tasty cake. The  DVD has absolutely nothing extra besides the trailer (but it is a very good  trailer, especially if you turn it up loud...), but this film needs nothing  to help it. Satirical, scary and very entertaining - there's nothing quite  like it and there never will be.
B000002W9P|5.0|If you like melodic heavy metal, then this is a must buy. Be careful when buying their other albums though, Helloween is one the most interesting groups I have ever seen as they have completely changed their style so many  times. For instance, their previous album &quot;Walls of Jericho&quot; is a  complete junk with trash noise. Keeper 1 and 2 are the best traces that  Helloween has put on heavy metal. Buy this one and the second one.
0679745203|1.0|It's quite obvious from the tone of the book that the only character this author cares about is himself!  Soooo tedious that every time I sat down to read, I found myself thinking about watering my tomato plants, which would  have been a LOT more interesting.  I could write more, but that would just  give this book free advertising, which is something I DEFINITELY DON'T want  to do.
B00002Z88D|4.0|I am a fan of Metallica's old stuff but i got this cd anyways.and it freakin rocks!  the songs sound so much more textured and I even like their new stuff on this!  However the only complaint I have is that the vocals  arn't that great
0679745203|1.0|This book does not pose any questions I care to have answered.  Period
0440219078|5.0|I think that this book is fabulous. It is compelling, and shows a whole new outlook on life. it has a lot of deep points in the book, I do not reccomend this book for immature readers. If you don't have a lot of life  experience, you will not understand this book.
0553280325|5.0|This book is a fiction masterpiece. It is enormously frightening in a very subtle way. I found it easy to identify with the two main characters, whose lives are forever changed in an instant by the sudden appearance of evil.  It reminds us just how very fragile our surroundings really are and how  evil can have many, not so obvious faces. At the same time, we see how good  can triumph over darkness. Suspenseful to the end, I could barely put the  book down.
0790729989|4.0|this movie is visually stunning,  and an audio masterpiece.  but what is this.  at the end of scene 20 you have to flip the disc over.  why. some dvd's can fit tons of information and other stuff on one side. like the matrix. but this disc has little info on it and you have to flp it over   that sucks.  otherwise if you like the movie buy it.
080010367X|4.0|This movie was original, action packed, and a lot of fun!  Tommy Lee Jones plays his part as cool as he did in &quot;The Fugitive&quot; and it was nice seeing Linda Fiorentino in a role where she didn't play a sleezy  skank.  If you want to see a role where Will Smith is out of his character  on &quot; Fresh Prince of Bel Air&quot;, I suggest &quot; Six Degrees of  Separation.  The man CAN act, it's just that he is being seriously typecast  at the moment.
B00000K19E|5.0|this movie blew me away. I watched the movie expecting to be entertained but this was an experience. How often do you feel compelled to talk to the characters outloud? Probably never! I was so caught up in the climactic  ending that I was cheering for Keanu to &quot;pick up the phone! &quot; I  have found a new genre of film to enjoy. Truly awesome entertainment!
B000001ESJ|5.0|The only albums that give this masterpiece a run for its money are Pink Floyd's &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; and Yes' &quot;Close to the Edge&quot;...and both of these are far seconds. From the first strum of  Alex Lifeson's guitar in the title track to the thunderous climax of, in my  humble opinion, the single greatest song ever recorded, Cygnus X-1, one  cannot get enough of this intensely intricate, yet fiercely melodic band.  Neil Peart became fully developed as the best drummer of all time on this  CD, and also shines in the lyrics department (see Madrigal). During the  70's, there was no better partnership than among these three talented  musicians...buy this CD, it's essential to any collection.
0553573403|4.0|As I began to read this book, I was impressed by the details and the excellent character development. I loved the tangle of sub-plots and the reality of the situations. However, after I put the book down, I was  disappointed. So many of the situations near the end seemed extremely  violent and shocking, as if the author didn't really beleive he could hold  onto a reader with old-fashioned excellent writing and must throw A LOT of  really nastly things in for shock value. I felt like I had inadvertantly  watched an episode of springer. Good on the whole, I'll read the next one,  but left me feeling a little yucky.
6300214753|5.0|This movie defines a generation, my generation.  This movie IS the 80's.  I have seen it probably a hundred times, and never tire of it.  It is very dated, but always witty.  You have got to love Matthew Broderick as Ferris  Bueller.  He is the kid we all wanted to be.  Even though he missed 9 days  of school, I give Ferris an A+.
0385495315|5.0|Dr. Singh's &quot;The Code Book&quot; was delightful to read and seemed well researched and informative. The only errors I found in it were petty ones (and probably placed there intentionally to test the readers.) They  are as follows: pg. 256 The word &quot;the&quot; was left out of  &quot;...there is ___ problem...&quot; On pg. 268 the word  &quot;person&quot; has a space instead of an &quot;r&quot; making it  &quot;pe son&quot; And on pg. 324 the word &quot;parable&quot; is used  when, in my opinion, the word &quot;paradigm&quot; is a little better when  discussing Schrodinger's cat that is both dead and alive at the same time.  My views are far too classical on this subject to seriously entertain such  a thought without the use of mind altering drugs. ;-)      As a strictly  personal matter the mention of Plato on pg. 218 instead of Socrates who  taught him is something I would change. But I've always been a big Socrates  fan and will admit my bias.   I hope that when the encryption software my  wife and I have developed hits the market within the next year or so that  it will find a place of honorable mention in a future book by Dr. Singh. He  seems to me to be a genuine gentleman and a scholar who I'd be honored  to  meet. All the best to you Dr. Singh! Thank you for writing &quot;The Code  Book.&quot;
0790739909|3.0|The plot of this movie is great...a doctor, an angel...a love story that surpasses mortality.  However, the choice of actors made it unbelievable.  Cold, hard, criminalistic, and very fake, Nicholas Cage is no angel.  Cutsie Meg Ryan hardly makes a realistic surgeon.  Trying a little hard to  be artful, the director failed in bringing it all together in a  complimentary, workable way.  Although, now that I know the story, I'm  dying to see &quot;Wings of Desire&quot; on which it was based.  It has got  to be better than this one.
0679746048|5.0|&quot;Girl, Interrupted&quot;, is one of the most influential books that I've ever read in my life.
B00000JCOV|5.0|the slipknot cd is without a doubt a great cd but people seem to think that slipknot is a HARDCORE band...which they are NOT, i mean i like slipknot alot and everything but they dont compare to such hardcore bands  like converge, snapcase, all out war, and ten yard fight....slipknot has a  unique sound that is unlike anyother band...but its not HARDCORE...they  also dont put on the best live show...i mean i had a good time and all but  half the guys just goofed around, corey could barley keep up singing with  the fast paced guitars(its like why sing so fats on the album if you cant  do it live),and they dont play long enuf....but they show was very good  because they got the crowd going and everythin its just that their music on  stage is no where close to the clever mixing they have done in the studio.  Getting back to my point about slipknot NOT being hardcore...its just that  when i hear people labling a band that doesnt need or have to have a lable  its just wrong...besides i dont think slipknot evan considers them selves  as a hardcore band.
0440214041|1.0|If you are looking for a book with pelicans, you've come to the wrong place.  The title is decieving - pelicans don't even make a &quot;brief&quot; appearance. Nonetheless, this and other Grisham novels  provide the kind of predictable fodder that middle Americans seem to sop up  like gravy with white bread.  There is no literary merit, but no one cares  because that isn't the point.
B00000K19E|4.0|The worst audio commentary of all time does not affect this fantastic movie. This is one of the best DVD's available, just make sure to stay well clear of that awful commentary.
0783219598|5.0|This movie is a very tricky movie, because he has the look of be a film for Kids, but a kids never will see what an adult can see, the kids will enjoy the ride, the animals, but an adult will enjoy the message the  powefull message hidden behind that funny look, of animal, I recommend this  movie, and have to say that is one of the best movies of all time. really.  See this movie you dont will be disappointed. I recommend see the Babe Pig  in the city too, is more dark is true, but has another good message, and  really amazing special effects, you never will discover when a animal is  amde for cimputer, really good.
B000000WJZ|5.0|By far my favorite Smashing Pumpkins recording. The complexity of everything has incredible cohesion and makes for an incredible listen. Just consider that the song 'Soma' has 40 guitar tracks alone and it sounds even  better than the Brave New World that inspired the title. Other highlights  are the stick-in-your-head 'Today', classic sweetness&amp;sadness  'Mayonaise', and grossly understated 'Luna'. I would definitely say that  this is an truly great album.
6305252521|5.0|When I saw this movie, i was two days thinking, what happens if our world, is a fake, what happens, if god, is like a director, directing completely our lives, we dont control anything, because he has wrote a script for us,  that script we call &quot;Destiny&quot;, maybe nothing happens for  coincidence, maybe all was writing for us. I think this is the best Jim  carrey work, and I loved that movie because is incredible, you must see,  and reflex. I recommend. Now about the quality of the DVD, the menu are  great, very powerfulls, but is a disappointment that dosnt have, subtitles  in english, or french,, the only things is Close caption in englis, I hate  close captions. and I speak Spanish, and the DVD dosnt have subtitles in  spanish, but well, the sound is great and the image too. This a DVD that  you have to be in your DVD collection.
6302649943|1.0|I don't know what posseses Stephen King to allow his books to be made into low-budget made-for-TV movies, but he needs to stop.  I really enjoyed the book and this cheesy movie does not even come close to doing it justice.  Of course, to do the book justice would probably require a 10-hour movie  with a huge budget.  Stick with the books and don't sell them out for money  Mr. King!
6305263248|3.0|If you want to watch incredible chase scenes and hear perfect sound, buy this dvd and wait nothing more.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Affirmation is one of the best cd's I've bought this year. I also have the first debut cd from Savage Garden, I was kind of affraid that this one would not be as good, I was wrong. It's an excellent cd!. There is alot of  songs that people can relate to and none of the songs are cheese or too  romantic. It has sweet &amp; pop songs. The best songs on the cd are tracks  # 1,4,9. Go buy it, it's a great cd! .
0425152251|5.0|I finnaly sat down and read this woderful book. I could not lay it out of my hands. The author takes you and wanders with you through the centuries of mankind's search for understanding who we are, why we are here and where  we come from. It is written in a captivating style,wrapped in a mystery  tale and I hope that a young person would enjoy it as much as I did. I wish  I had found a book like this earlier, it would have helped me to get access  to philosophy much earlier in my life.
0679746048|3.0|&quot;Girl, Interrupted&quot;: Susanna Kaysen's Book is Superior to James Mangold's Movie<br />  &quot;Girl, Interrupted&quot; is the true story of an 18-year-old woman who swallows 50 aspirin tablets and is hustled by her doctor to a loony bin after a superficial, 20-minute interview.  She is  told that she needs a rest and that she would be released in a couple of  weeks.  Instead, after voluntarily signing herself in, she winds up  confined to the hospital against her will for eighteen months.  The book  and the movie focus almost exclusively on her period of  internment.<br />What's missing from this film is the author's dark humor and  revelatory insights into her ordeal.  The book is better than the  movie.<br />Look at how much insight and enjoyment you could get if you peruse  the book!<br />&quot;You have a pimple,&quot; said the doctor.  &quot;You've  been picking it,&quot; he went on.  Fine.  You could have this dialogue in  the movie.  There's nothing witty about it: just a statement of fact.<br />Without narration, however, not much more could be done with this  concept. But note how the author shows her sense of humor in the book:  &quot;The pimple had reached the stage of hard expectancy in which it begs  to be picked.  It was yearning for release.  Freeing it from its little  white dome, pressing until the blood ran, I felt a sense of accomplishment:  I'd done all that could be done for this pimple.&quot;<br />Immediately  following, there occurs this exchange with the doctor.  &quot;You need a  rest,&quot; he announced.  &quot;Don't you think?&quot;  &quot;Yes,&quot; I  said. Not much here either.  Nor would you have anything else in the movie  version, at least not unless the sound track embraced her immediate  thoughts, which point to an irony.  The book:  &quot;I did need a rest,  particularly since I'd gotten up so early that morning in order to see this  doctor, who lived out in the suburbs.  I'd changed trains twice.  And I  would have to retrace my steps to get to my job.  Just thinking about it  made me tired.&quot;  Doesn't this thought--left out in the movie--clarify  her willingness to go to the hospital?o retrace my steps to get to my job.  Just thinking about it  made me tired.&quot;  Doesn't this thought--left out in the movie--clarify  her willingness to go to the hospital?
B000002GA8|5.0|Having left YES behind, Rick Wakeman's follow-up to THE SIX WIVES OF HENRY VIII proved less abstract and far more ambitious: adapting Jules Verne's classic novel to music in a mere 40 minutes!  And while originally intended  as a studio recording, it was instead performed LIVE, with the London  Symphony Orchestra and The English Chamber Choir, and David Hemmings along  for the ride as narrator.  It blows my mind to think of all those musicians  getting it perfect in ONE take!  --but they did.  I love to play this late  at night with the lights turned down to simulate being underground.   Amazingly the brief summary of the story is told more accurately here than  in several film versions over the years.  Rick has redone this at least 6  times (both live and in studio) but none has touched the original-- not the  least reason being only this one has the narration.  I wish Hemmings had  returned on subsequent such ventures.  Out of the 60-some solo projects  he's done (so far! ) this remains my #1 favorite Rick Wakeman album.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is an amazing story about little Andrew &quot;Ender&quot; Wiggin. To anyone that has a heart out there, read it. Even if you hate science fiction, you'll still love this book if you have feelings at all.  The book is so deep that anyone can connect. Card is an amazing writer and  more people should understand that.
0800128052|5.0|I will never forget the frist time I saw the movie. I cried for the time over a movie. I was only 13 but I understood what it was to have a dream. I am not a big ND fan but I know what it means to run out of the tunnle. Very  time i fell down I watch this movie even though I cry the movie picks me up  and keeps me going. I had a friend who was felling down befor her  basketball tryouts and made her watch the movie and she made the team. Rudy  is one the all time best if understand what it means to run out that tunle  you can overcome anything. I love Rudy.
0671027344|5.0|WOW! <br />  i started reading it today, on the advice of a friend.  It is so great i was actually reading it at work.  It shows the adolescent life in highschool from the viewpoint of an overall nice guy.  Finally a book  depicting life in the teen years that is not from the viewpoint of a  &quot;popular&quot; kid.  Great!
B000000WFZ|5.0|Three powerful themes shape this incredible soundtrack to the DeNiro/Irons flick, The Mission.    This soundtrack is a change of pace from the spaghetti westerns for which Ennio Morricone is famous.  The themes  featured in Falls, Gabriel's Oboe, and River can keep a listener transfixed  for hours.<br />Listeners should quickly recognize the bouncy choral passage  featured in River from Delta airlines commercials.
0440234743|2.0|What would you suppose the contents of a typical lawyer's daydream to be?  How about being a successful high-profile courtroom lawyer whose done it all including becoming an alcoholic, chasing women, ruining a couple of  marriages and now drying out in a sanitarium somewhere in the mountains.   <br />Now your boss wants you to find an heiress worth 11 BILLION dollars.   Nobody else at the law firm has time to find the world's richest unmarried  woman except you (reality check - NO WAY!). <br />This is a day dream so  you'll probably end up being the Trustee for an 11-billion dollar Trust  Fund.  You'll control a large fortune that you never earned (Did I mention  this is about a lawyer?).  Sorry, but I just gave away the ending  too.<br />Along the way are some interesting character descriptions which give  away a lot about how lawyers really feel about their clients and a short  travellog about a region in Brazil that might have been an interesting  story all by itself. If you like Grisham you might as well read this too.   If you're like me, he'll never be a novelist, just an overpaid TV script  writer.  But as long as egotistic actors think lawyers are cool, John will  keep making money as a hack.
6304259093|5.0|Something truly special about a movie you can watch, not even have to absorb...but experience the beautiful scenes and music and emotions glowing from the characters and still be left spellbound...
0800128052|5.0|I will never forget the frist time I saw the movie. I cried for the frist time over a movie. I was only 13 but I understood what it was to have a dream. I am not a big ND fan but I know what it means to run out of the  tunle. Very time i fell down I watch this movie even though I cry the movie  picks me up and keeps me going. I had a friend who was felling down befor  her basketball tryouts and I made her watch the movie and she made the  team. Rudy is one the all time best. If understand what it means to run out  of that tunle you can overcome anything. I love Rudy.
B00002R0MC|5.0|Don't buy this set if you like Legend, because you will cringe when hearing it after this set. It is just extraordinary.
6305014140|4.0|Few can argue that Ninja Scroll is one of the best anime films to come out of Japan. A lot of people have hyped it up as a masterpiece of epic proportions. Unfortunately, hype is a double edged sword that can either  make or break a film's(i.e. Ghost in the Shell) mystique and charm to begin  with. On the other hand, only an elite few can fit the mold and live up to  the expectations. In my opinion, Jubei and his pals have accomplished just  that. Ninja Scroll offers what have led millions to join the anime craze to  begin with. Action, over the top yet realistic characters, a subtle plot,  and a gorefest of monsters and men run rampant in this samurai/ninja flick.  The fight scenes and background are top-notch that ooze drama every second.  The characters are charming (although somewhat underdeveloped and badly  dubbed) and interesting enough to give each a specific amount of attention.  So with all these compliments, why not give it a perfect score? Well, it  may have lived up to it's hype as an artistic action film piece, but it's a  little low on the depth department. It's standard anime style story leaves  a little more to be desired. But with a good enough plot, cool enough  characters, and tough enough action, Ninja Scroll ends up being a winner in  what it was meant to be. An eye catching...stunning...and fun-filled  adventure for the wannabe ninjas all over the world.
B00000K19E|5.0|The people who do not like this movie, have not understod the message of the movie. After seeing the movie 3 times, I am getting the message it is giving. The MATRIX, as a concept is out there - We are all living in it,  and we are all unaware of it. After AI and VR is bundeled many will see  that what is real - might not be real at all! When we see that we can alter  the rules to fit our NEEDs and demands we all will understand that living  the A4 life - WORK - WORK and WORK for the SYSTEM - the Matrix, overshadows  the very reason for living. Everybody feels the matrix when getting  disturbed by worries, problems and other related effects of this matrix,  but they can not see that the problems are effects in the game of control.  To control the masses, one needs to have threat and pleassure as an  incentive - this is done through envy, love/hate etc. This is making the  world simple for dum people to live in, hence we are controlled. The city  of Zion as described in the movie and the &quot;select a pill - Red or  blue&quot; statment by Morpheus gives us a lead to what substanses the  director believes to be the gateway to the &quot;freeing of the mind&quot;  .. The message at the end gives the final hint on what the meaning of the  movie is! PLEASE - open your eys, and understand the movies deep meaning!  Best of luck to you all - It is a very good movie - even if you don't get  the message.
0812548094|3.0|I didn't really like the first volume of this series, and vol. 2 ain't a masterpiece either, but I would regard it as a better than average read anyway. Even if the plot seemed to drag a little bit at first, it sped up  towards the end and the last 200 pages or so were very entertaining,  especially the parts about Richard in the Palace. Another good thing was  the lack of overly detailed torture scenes that partially spoiled the first  book. <br />Faults? There's a little too many ideas copied straight from  Jordan. And if the 3rd volume contains an even more epic plotline... well,  I just hope it won't. Still, could have been worse.
6303402348|4.0|Maybe I've just seen this movie too many times, but it seems very long. I love it, don't get me wrong, but it can only be bearable for so long. You end up wanting to strangle Jenny, until she gets AIDS, that is. Forrest is  the only really likable character, because of his innocence. The director  did a really great job of touching base on a lot of really impacting events  of the 20th century. A good movie to watch if you're feeling patriotic. I  really liked how they weaved Forrest into the history of the shaping of  modern America. Vietnam, the &quot;*beep* happens&quot; bumper sticker, the  smiley face logo, John Lennon, John F. Kennedy, Elvis, the hippy  generation, etc. As I said, this is a really well done movie with great  acting, but it seems very long.
0451452739|5.0|This is the best science-fiction book I've read! Arthur C. Clarke is a true visionary of the future! Almost all the fields knowledge are here, from History to new techonologies. And, if you think of the evolution of  technology over the past 30 years, you see that in many aspects Arthur C.  Clarke predicted how it would be. Just to give you an example: the approach  maneuvre of the spaceship Discovery to the planet Saturn was exactly the  same approach used by the Voyager probe! Fantastic!<br />Other interesting  aspect of this novel is the story of the evolution of the human being.  Ironically, it can be more credible than the myths of any religion!<br />I  could pass my whole time talking about this excellent novel, and it still  wouldn't be enough. I'll give tou just one advise: read it! It's worth it!  Thank you Charles!
B00000JZIK|5.0|Who is Keyser Soze?  You'll have to see this film to find out.  I don't care how smart you are, you will never guess the ending to this movie.  Everyone in this film had a good part.  You know back when I was picking  coffee beans in Guatemala. . .
B00000295A|4.0|This album is not Jamiroquai at his best. The tracks go on too long - especially revolution 1993. If you want to buy a Jamiroquai album, I reccomend Synchronized
B00002E23H|1.0|I found this movie laughable, to say the least. The sharks were so fake and unrealistic. Increasing the size of the brain, for one thing, does not necessarily mean the animal becomes more intelligant then the people. I  kept thinking of that old shark cartoon Jabberjaw. I mean, really, the  shark is just going to up and learn how to read the signs on the door just  because of the freaking size of their brain. Oh sure. If you like pointless  movies with over exaggerated computerized special effects and cardboard  cut-out characters, then this one's for you. The only good part in the  movie was when Samuel L. Jackson's character is making the soap opera  speech and the shark jumps out of the water and rips his head off. I think  these actors could seriously have done a better job on their parts. Were  you supposed to be SAD when they died? Personally, I was more attached to  the parrot. They have absolutely no depth to them. LL did a good job, but  he's the only one. But whatever. If you still want to see this movie, then  go for it. I'm just warning you.
6302548195|5.0|I've been trying to get the original tape but have no success. Please if anyone has it, or sells it, send me an email to patanx@colombianet.net
6305622825|4.0|I know:  many viewers resented the apparent lack of physical chemistry between the characters played by Connery and Zeta-Jones.  Most of them had vivid memories of Sean Connery playing the always charismatic 007, and  Catherine Zeta-Jones exchanging sparks with Antonio Banderas in The Mask of  Zorro. But is chemistry between a man and a woman just, physical, sensual,  and sexual ?  I find the movie entertaining, as it shows 2 people  enjoying doing what they like best - no, I am not saying you should do the  same thing ! - but as it happens in life, people perform so much better  when they really like what they do.  The chemistry is between Zeta-Jones  youth, outgoing passion for life and Connery's less evident, more inward  quest for adventure which is backed up by his wisdom and longtime  experience.  As they go about doing and accomplishing things together, the  old man develops respect and acknowledges the younger woman's worth.  Slowly he starts to like her and, despite his age, or, perhaps because of  his age, he feels that, to a certain extent he cares for her.  While, at  the same time, she turns from intellectually admiring him to actually  liking him on her side. Admittedly, it is an uneasy chemistry between  Connery, the Scott gentleman and Catherine, the Welsh with long brown hair  and eyes, but the film offers enjoyable action moments interspersed with  occasionally good dialogue and exchanges between the two leads.  Watch and  enjoy the movie, as I did, for what it is not for what it is not !
0783227019|5.0|It's only natural to compare &quot;Carlito's Way&quot; with &quot;Scarface&quot;.  And while the latter gets the lion's share of attention, &quot;Carlito's Way&quot; is the superior film.  From the  technical aspects, to the story and character development to dramatic  tension, it is better in every way.  I never once cared what happens to  Tony in &quot;Scarface&quot;.  Not to mention that much of the violence  seemed unnecessary and silly.  You actually care about Carlito and want him  to get what he's looking for, despite his past.   It's also a little ironic  that one of Pacino's most under-rated performances comes during the same  year he wins his one and only oscar for his most over-rated performance in  the painfully annoying &quot;Scent of a Woman&quot;.
B000002UDV|5.0|Don't worry about whether or not the Beatles beat this album; don't worry about any kind of backlash it may recieve; forget about all the hype: Just listen to it's heart...beat.<br />Listen, listen, listen.
B000031XCR|5.0|Most couples have an &quot;our&quot; song. My best friend and I have one, too. &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; She loved Celine Dion, and I liked her a little. But on the same day she got the CD I saw it on VH1. I called  her immediately, and ever since we've had OURs ong. It's always #1 on  sleepover lists and the first thing we play in the car.
B00001MXWX|3.0|To non-fans of Star Trek,there is the&quot;odd numbered film curse&quot;,which odd numbered Trek film come off as disappointing.Usually the problem is second guessing fan expectation,&amp; thinking big budget  means big box office(i.e Trek 1 &amp; 5).When I read about the upcoming  ST9,I noticed that the budget was more than the average box office take of  the other films(I sense a disappointing gross).Overall Insurrection was a  better movie than most of the Oddies(except 3).It had some very funny  moments,and Patrick Stewart seemed to be having fun as Picard.But one can't  help but feel its story would've been better suited on TV.And considering  the great quality of DS9 episodes with the Dominion war,you also feel the  writers would strive for more on the big screen.As i expected the Box  office tally was lower than expected(D'UH),but ST10 was announced ,so Trek  films will continue and avoid straight-to-video oblivion.But in the end,it  was a very entertaining film but you feel it could've been better.
6304119046|5.0|In the numerous reviews below a lot of great observations about the film have been brought up.  I'm somewhat disappointed in the arguments of critics of Citizen Kane, however.  The main argument against the film that  I've read from other reviewers is that the technical wizardry of the film  may have been something special back when Citizen Kane was made, but is  nothing special today.  While this is partially true, I think that this  ignores the fact that many of the great movies today that use similar  cinematic techniques as Citizen Kane use them because Welles brought them  into the limelight with his masterpiece.  It's true that some of his  techniques (such as the long focus scenes) were done before, but never with  as much style or purpose.<br />Aside from the film's technical marvels, it's  also worth remembering that the film was HIGHLY controversial at the time  of its release and was almost completely destroyed.  Perhaps it doesn't  mean much to use now because controversy has become the standard in great  films rather than the exception, but perhaps we can owe this to the fact  that Kane was one of the first truly controversial American political  films.  This brings me to another point that is being ignored in other  reviews...  While I'm not a particularly huge fan of the Academy Awards,  the one award that Citizen Kane did win was for its screenplay, and it is  the screenplay that makes the film great in my opinion.  The pace of the  movie never drags and the characters are some of the most well crafted and  interesting I've ever seen.  In addition, the story functions on many  levels and even remains relevant to my view of the world today.  It is an  illustration of a man who, taken from his family as a child, is thrust into  prominence when all he really desires is the love he never receives,  culminating in his final longing for the innocence of his childhood.  It is  the story of the American Gilded Era, when the future of the nation was  controlled by mere individuals like Kane, not truly by the government.   It's in this film that we can explore the roots of the media empire that  grew, and continues to grow today, to control the opinions and information  of the entire nation.  And this is why I really love Citizen Kane as a  film.  The viewer can see so many roots of the America we know even today,  and that's why the film continues to remain valuabe.  The politics it  questions are still in place today.  The question of whether or not you  agree with the politics is irrelevant to me, the film is to me simply an  observation that this was the state of the nation.<br />Having said all this,  I understand perfectly the views of many who were not entertained by the  film.  Just because the film is considered great by many doesn't mean that  it will be considered great by all, and that's fine.  No film can or will  ever be definitevely the best ever made... but at least we all can praise  those movies we find entertaining and to not insult those who perhaps  didn't see them as very good.  The inverse is equally true.  Movies are at  their heart all about recreation and entertainment on any level that the  viewer chooses to watch them.<br />I'm not calling Citizen Kane the greatest  film ever, but I am saying that it's one of my absolute favorites and it's  my opinion everyone should at least give it a chance.
0385121679|5.0|This book was wonderful and so detailed that I felt as if I were in the story watching all the happenings.  I read the book then saw the horrible movie.  This book should come with a warning on it saying, &quot;DO NOT  READ AFTER DARK! &quot;
6305627401|5.0|This move is the best movie Ive ever seen! trey and matt have outdone themselfs with this awsome musical I recomend it to all who like comedys and lots of the f-word!
0688152023|5.0|This is a great book for anyone that wants to achieve results without a lot of hard work.  I ordered this book just before Christmas, and within just a few weeks of doing these exercises for about 45 minutes 4 to 5 times  a week, I am already seeing results.  The exercises are easy to do, and  there are so many different ones in the book, you can pick the workout  that's perfect for you. This is one workout I really look forward to.
0782008372|1.0|A hell of a good movie, put down the drain by the digitalisation to DVD. My worst DVD I own and thats a pitty because I love the movie and the spectacular action. Only positive thing is the Soundtrack (a lot of Queen)  that rocks your speaker speakers
1878424114|3.0|To all the people reading the books: don't spend money buying a book even if it is good. go to library and get one.If you don't find it place a hold and eventually you will get a chance to read it.Although this book is great  i would recommend one to go to the library and if you really like it buy  it. have patience
B000002L73|5.0|I think this cd was the return of the old spirit of Ramones, songs like danger zone, durango, mamas boy with the classic 1,2,3,4 are great. We find it others beautiful songs like Daytime Dilemma, Howling at the moon  and Chasing the night show the other side of them, the real power pop punk  rock. Buy it
0767814622|4.0|This was my first time seeing the movie, and I didn't read the book, although now I plan to. I found the movie fascinating and also difficult to watch for long periods. I had to leave the room a few times for several  minutes before I resumed watching. I don't think I'd want to go through the  horror and gut-wrenching experience of seeing it again, but I'm glad I did  at least once. It was unlike anything I'd ever watched. <br />The reviews that  dismissed the movie simply because they believe it casts a bad light on  Turkey are missing the point. Is the tale true or not? It's nearly  impossible to refute anyone's personal experience unless you've gone  through the same thing. By the way, I was in Istanbul and other parts of  Turkey last year as a tourist, and while the country is the most physically  stunning I've ever seen and the  individual Turks I met were kind, I didn't  care for the culture and I can remember thinking I wouldn't want to be on  the wrong side of authorities there.
6305076995|1.0|Although Roger Dean's artwork on the cover of this DVD may evoke some nostalgia in many Yes fans, don't be lured into parting with your money for this one.  The quality of the sound is terrible, and the video looks almost  like a home-movie.  None of the atmosphere of the Rainbow Rooms is captured  and the whole experience left me thinking I should have read some reviews  before buying!  Put on your Yes CD's and close your eyes - trust me, you'll  have a better experience.
B000001Y2U|5.0|This cd is the best and if your in to heavy metal music than you will like this c.d, the best songs in the antichrist cd is the beautiful people, man that you fear and the whole cd I mean Marilyn Manson 4-eva!
0790733226|5.0|I'll keep this short &amp; sweet! Contact is simply one of the best movies I've seen in recent memory. I can't believe the way the Academy ignored this film when it came to oscar nominations! Jodie Foster certainly  deserved a best actress nomination for her performance as Ellie Arroway.  The supporting cast of this movie is a who's who of top rate actors in  hollywood today &amp; all good in their roles: James Woods, Tom Skerritt,  Matthew McConaghey, &amp; Angela Bassett. The always brilliant Robert  Zemeckis, who walked home in 1994 with the best director oscar for Forest  Gump, certainly deserved a nomination for his work here. I personally think  CONTACT is his best film to date. The visual effects in this film are  second to none &amp; astonishing to look at. From the opening force ten  pullback sequence to the scenes involving The Machine...Kenneth Ralston  &amp; his team at Sony Pictures Imageworks (once again!) deserved an oscar  nomination. If you have a DVD player, get CONTACT on DVD...you won't regret  it! I would encourage anyone to see this movie(can you tell!). CONTACT is  definitely an underrated classic!
0783235380|5.0|This movie is one that if you want to sit down, and watch a light hearted comedy, it's perfect.  The cast and special effects are great, as is the soundtrack.  Forces of Nature does have its unbelievable moments, but they  don't take away from what the movie truly is: an hour and 45 minutes of  complete, harmless fun. A true favorite.
B000000I0H|5.0|There is a mystical quality to Incantations, yet it is not dark and moody, but bright and lively.  This long set shows an Oldfield in transition.  We hear the rainy-day rythmic ambience of the early albums (Tubular Bells,  Ommadawn, Hergest Ridge) but we also get the choppy grooves of his later  albums (which of course grow into his mature style).  Oldfield relies more  on other musicians than his earler works, yet it is clear he has not yet  developed a working band.  Oldfield is ever present of course, playing  guitars, basses, harps, keys, and various other stringed and electronic  instruments.  Flutes are heavily used, especially in the first part.  His  brother Terry is featured.  Also to keep it in the family, sister Sally is  on board.  For me, though, the real treat is Maddy Prior.  A long time fan  of hers and Steeleye Span, I can never get enough of her voice.   Classicists might appreciate (or maybe not!) her vocals on the musical  rendition of Longfellow's 'Hiawatha' presented here.  This is certainly one  of Oldfield's most ambitious works, especially when considering it was  originally released in '78 and took up two records.  One sentence in the  liner notes makes me wish that labels would revise them to fit the new  format.  To mention Side 4 on a single CD is an anachronism.  The cover is  a bit bland, but it represents the album well.  The older music is fluid  but inexhorable just like the ocean.  The newer music is solid yet  malleable like the beach.  Young Mike (who was only about 23 or 24 when he  did this) stands wistfully facing inland.  Is he losing something to gain  something?  Although I think his next couple of releases were a bit rough,  his music did grow.  Oldfield, like so many performers, was looking into  the future  of music when he made this album.  So yes, there is a  transition. Where exactly that transition lies is up to anyone's  interpretation, but it is definitely somewhere in here.  Fortunatley for  us, Oldfield never completely abandoned his earlier style.  Incantations is  kind of odd and stands on its own in many ways, but it is pure Oldfield  through and through.
6305426651|2.0|Bad acting, mundane script and beautiful cinematography should not be so rewarded. He beat out Nolte in 'Affliction' - give me a break.<br />Guess if Roberto does not give the missus a job she is not working.<br />Neither funny  enough or harrowing.<br />There are plenty of good movies out there. Go see  them!
6303913881|4.0|This movie is one of those movies that you get to love the more you watch it!  You begin to notice all the little nuances that in retrospect are rather clever.  I don't want to give the plot away. Street smart girl claws  her way to the top.  The dialogue and sex scenes are cheesy but it reminds  me of those 80s exploitation movies such as &quot;Savage Streets.&quot;   Think of &quot;Showgirls&quot; as the 90s exploitation film.  Which, if  you've noticed, are becoming extinct. The moral of the story...whether  you're a cheap hooker or a glamorous Las Vegas Showgirl, you wind up  selling yourself. It's up to you, though, at what price.
B00002MZ2T|3.0|Savage Garden's 1997 debut long-player, I'm afraid to say, has not aged well. While at the time, synth-drenched numbers like 'I Want You' and power ballads such as 'Truly Madly Deeply' might have struck a chord with the Top  40 listening public, these songs fail to stand pop music's greatest test:  time. They have become cringeworthy and make for difficult listening.       That said, 1999's follow-up, 'Affirmation' is much better. Despite the  slick production, which has resulted in a more mainstream sound, this album  is stacked with potential number one hits we'll be remembering fondly ten  years from now.<br />Forget the schamltzy 'I Knew I Loved You.' The album's  two highlights are the title track, where lead singer Darren Hayes  proclaims that 'junk food tastes so good because it's bad for you' and the  tender 'Lover After Me'. The anthemic 'Crash And Burn' is another track  destined for Top 40 success.<br />There's enough here to keep you happy while  you're off doing something else, though 'Affirmation' is anything but your  usual sonic wallpaper. Let your guard down a little, and it just may grow  on you.
0425170349|5.0|This is the first book of Clancy's I read. And I think it was a great choice! Rainbow Six is a suspenseful, action packed and entertaining book. This is one of those books that when it gets to a good part you can't put  it down, it's like it is glued to your hands. Occasionally it is so boring  you wish the Rainbow team would bust into that chapter and kill the guys  talking. But that rarely happened in this thriller. Just as a hint all  chapters are important and have an effect on the ending. If this book to  you becomes a let down, skip to the last 60 pages cuz they are so cool.  Overall I enjoyed it and would recommend it to all of Clancy's fans.
B000005HBI|4.0|This is a very good, adventurous album. I love the dark tone of Cassandra Wilson's voice, although some of the arrangements are more successful than others. I'll focus on the best--&quot;Tupelo Honey&quot; is hushed,  spacious and beautiful--well worth the price of the CD. I also like her  version of Robert Johnson's &quot;Come On In My Kitchen.&quot; Her voice  works well with sparse blues arangements, and also with the country-ish  slide guitar in &quot;Blue Light 'Til Dawn.&quot;
0679746048|3.0|The kind of world the autor lives in is quite small. Limited firstly by her sex to opine everything, and then by the nature of her attempts at control, the author can only guess at what would pass for writing. Then  again, if it exposes the myriad personal problems of the younger generation  of immediate self gratifying, blame everyone, generation of women, (which  fortunately is going out of style) it is genius.
B000002UCQ|5.0|For the last 20 years (I'm 31), I've grown to love the Beatles as a group and as soloists. I've got everything from them, John, and Paul, and nearly everything from George and Ringo. Well, I have to say that I'm an idiot, because it took me 20 years to get to All Things Must Pass. I ordered it  from Amazon.com (whose service and delivery was excellent, by the way), and  I must say that I was floored. The music, if not the CD mixing/mastering,  is stunning and powerful. It's melodic, rocking, and introspective, and  showcases George's talents as a singer, songwriter, and guitarist. Do me a  favor, don't wait 20 years to get it. You'll realize from the first  listening that it's one of the best musical investments you've ever made.
B00000IMCU|4.0|dawn of the dead is the best zombie movie of all time. It had a nice blend of horror, humor and action. Every thing you could ask for in a horror flick.  If you haven't seen this zombie movie by George Romero, you haven't  anything yet!
B000005AYM|4.0|Overall, I thought this was a really good CD and definetly worth my money.  The songs are original and thought provoking.  But it could contain more material.  For example there are two Rimshot songs, an intro and an outro,  which are relatively similair.  There are two versions of Certainly, a  regular one and a mix.  Then there is Sometimes(Mix #9) and Afro which are  more like interludes then songs.  This is a really good CD and Erykah Badu  is one of my favorite artists but there could be more material.
B00000JY1X|3.0|It's widely understood that Merritt can write some great pop songs.  But can he put together 69 of them ... all about the same theme?  The answer of course is no.  There's one very good disc worth of tunes in here and  Merritt has (ahem) thoughtfully spread them out across all three volumes.   But on at least 1/3 of the others you can hear Merritt straining to find  another gimmick or genre to diversify the proceedings.  Many of these  attempts never develop any magic, and the experimental tracks are severely  underdeveloped.  While there are several fantastic tunes in this set,  you'll have to invest a hefty amount of time and money to appreciate them.
6305095442|5.0|I find Bruce Cambell to be a terriffic actor.His performance in this film should have been more recognizable than it was.This film was very bloody and horrifyingly funny.I would recommend this film to anyone who is a true  horror movie fan.
B00000K2SC|5.0|To answer the person who made the comment on the batteries: If you remember, in the movie they explain that a human being produces much more electricity than any battery ever can or will produce.  Therefore it is  more efficient to use humans. This is definitely one of the best Sci-Fi  movies I have ever seen.  The story is excellent, the special effects are  amazing, and the direction is superb.  As you watch this movie, you can't  help but wonder how the directors were able to so perfectly capture their  vision on film.
0553573403|4.0|A good effort built on universal themes of honour, love, ambition, greed, friendship etc. The characterisation is shallow; inevitable, perhaps, due to the number of characters. Very few characters piqued my interest  (Tyrion, the dwarf being one of them). Still, it was a pleasant way to  while away a long and wet holiday weekend.
068484267X|5.0|I knew about this book long before I received it in my Christmas stocking late last month.  This was a highly enjoyable, sometimes depressing/sad, book to read.  I had to invent time to read this book.  On the way to work,  during lunch, between meetings, late in the evening.  Well worth it! :-)
052594527X|5.0|Tracy Chevalier brings 17th-century Delft to life in this immersive novel. Although Vermeer remains elusive, Griet the maid leaps out from the canvas and onto the page in living color. Chevalier's  book is quietly insistent  and thoroughly addictive; her language maintains a taut, lyrical precision  and she revels in the lists and catalogues of daily life. Like a Vermeer  painting, Chevalier creates a seductively textured world that radiates  mystery and captivates the reader. She has done her art historical  homework, too, which creates a convincing and satisfying product.
B00000J7S8|4.0|What a talent. I'm holding back the fifth star because I think her accompanists could be better, particularly guitar.
B000006045|5.0|&quot;Blue Lines&quot; was the honeymoon, &quot;Protection&quot; was bliss, but for the Bristol trip-hoppers, with &quot;Mezzanine&quot; almost came the divorce. Recorded amidst tensions and feuds that threatened to  split up the band, &quot;Mezzanine&quot; is a dark, tense, and often  claustrophobic sounding record. New singer Sara Jay performs admirably, but  it is ex Cocteau Twin Liz Fraser's haunting vocals on &quot;Teardrop&quot;  that are likely stay in your mind. This record does not provide for easy  listening, it may even leave you feeling somewhat unsettled, but is  unlikely to disappoint.
B00000J7S8|4.0|What a talent. I'm holding back the fifth star because I think her accompanists could be better, particularly guitar.
0684852756|5.0|I almost felt like this book was a memoir rather than a novel, so fully did the author draw me into the world of the protagonist.  Although I know that this recital of marital woe is not the viewpoint of all men, it seems  typical of several men I have known who have chosen to end relationships,  and it seems to me to be a comment on the question of whether a traditional  marriage can square with the appetites and desires created within modern  Western society.
B000031WD9|5.0|This is such a classic movie, it's definitely one of the best teen movies of the 90's, which is something considering the glut of teen movies during that time period. If you're a teenager with a pulse you'll love it.
0790729652|4.0|This is a pretty good movie.  It's fun to watch when you want to watch something crazy.  But if you want to go out and rent a really good movie that will make you think, don't rent this, it's way too unrealistic.  It's  pretty interesting to see the special effects and stuff though.  I rent  this about once every year and my mom always laughs at me because it's a  kids movie but I rent it for the nostalgia, it's really great to see this  movie and remember how much you loved it when you were a kid.  Other than  that the movie isn't that great and it doesn't look good on DVD.
B00002Z88D|5.0|First of all, allow me to say that who ever the heck that guy is who claims to be cliff burton, is out of his mind. this is an excellent CD and anyone who loves metallica like i do needs to add this to their collection.  that's it.
B00000J7J4|3.0|Santana is a genius on the guitar, and this CD is no different.  While a few of the songs stand out as great tunes, like Put Your Lights On, Smooth, and the duet with Eric Clapton, some of the songs were  just a little  uneventful.  However, sans the Lauryn Hill song, the CD is worth a listen.
6305627401|1.0|While both my nephew and I like the series - the movie was so intollerably dumb that it was painful to sit through - We only sat through hoping it got better. It never did.
B00000IPAX|4.0|It's about time someone made fun of boy bands. this disc rocks and all the chics think Travis is hot so I guess Blink is gonna be here for a while, unlike bsb, n'sync, etc. It seems all the boy bands forgot to read  &quot;All the smallthings&quot; on the bottom of their contracts
B000002GYR|3.0|I just have a question....Will they ever make &quot;Anthology&quot; into a CD?  Its a great collection of Tom Wait songs.  What Gives? sherry
0767809246|5.0|I really like Stephen King's books, so after reading his &quot;Different Seasons&quot; I rented this (bought it later) and also another outstanding movie from the &quot;Seasons&quot; collection, Shawshank Redemption (also  bought later). This movie was way better than the book. Comedy, action,  nostaglia, cool soundtrack, and some talented acting. Rob Reiner's best  piece of work and River Pheonix's memorable performace make this a gem.
044651652X|1.0|when I read the review from Dave in the Great Midwest because I AGREE THOROUGHLY!   I, too, read this book in an afternoon on the advice of a friend and I, too, was apalled.  The characters ARE both quite pathetic.  And since when did adultry get to be so romantic?  The premise is stupid  and the dialogue is atrocious.  The male character could well be an escapee  from a mental hospital, he says such bombastically, nonsensical things!  I  think the popularity of this book and the subsequent movie just go to show  that if you TELL people something is good, most will believe it.
6305078564|5.0|We can't even express in words how much this WONDERFUL and BEAUTIFUL movie has affected us.  We LOVE some of A&amp;E's other Great productions,  but once we finally had the chance to see A&amp;E's Pride and Prejudice, we  Couldn't Help Ourselves!   We have watched it SO many times, and just  LOVE it MORE and MORE each time.  We have taped it, bought the six video  boxed set,  the DVD, and the musical movie soundtrack CD.  We saw two other  movie versions of Pride and Prejudice that are Good, but A&amp;E's  production OUTSHINES them both.  EVERYTHING in this movie is SUPERB: the  cast and the GREAT Chemistry between them, the Beautiful music, dances,  scenery,  costumes, dialogue, and the attention to details. This movie  truly brings the Genius of Jane Austen to LIFE!   It gives us CHILLS every  time we watch it!   We have seen ALL the other movie adaptations of Jane  Austen's Great masterpieces including the newest one, Mansfield Park, which  we saw two weeks ago.  They were All EXCELLENT, but Pride and Prejudice is  still the ABSOLUTE BEST!
B00004THO3|1.0|when I read the review from Dave in the Great Midwest because IAGREE THOROUGHLY!  I, too, read this book in an afternoon on the advice of a friend and I, too, was apalled.  The characters ARE both quite pathetic.  And since when did adultry get to be so romantic? The premise is stupid and the dialogue is atrocious.  The male character could well be an escapee from a mental hospital, he says such bombastically, nonsensical things!  I think the popularity of this book and the subsequent movie just go to show that if you TELL people something is good, most will believe it.
B0000046KM|5.0|This is without question one of the finest albums ever produced. Shirley takes sweet old ditties and transforms them into slow-moving dreams of astounding emotional power. She takes cliche-ridden lyrics and makes you  CRY with them, because she's BEEN THERE and she'll take you there too.  Don't worry, she's holding your hand. The audio samples here cannot hope to  get you anywhere near the music. At Shirley Horn's pace, (glacial) you'll  get about three words in the time allowed. The real standouts are Here's to  Life, the impossibly sexy Return to Paradise, and Summer(Estate') which  WILL leave you on the floor. Quit messin' around and buy this.
6300263673|5.0|First saw the movie last week, now I've seen it 20 times! Love the music, dancing, and the plot. Reminds me a lot of Footloose and Grease. If you liked those movies, you'll also like Dirty Dancing. Can't wait to get the  soundtrack.
B00002EPJH|5.0|This is a beautiful, contemplative album.  Even in the up-tempo pieces, Jarrett brings out a deeper meaning that the listener's familiarity with the material may have blunted.  I was floored by his treatment of  &quot;Shenandoah,&quot; a chestnut which I will never listen to again in  quite the same way.  It is a touching rendition, worth alone the purchase  of the disc.  For those who may have shunned Jarrett because of his  reputation for over-intellectualizing and self-absorbed minimalism, this  effort should prove a revelation.
6301966562|4.0|I saw this movie with my best friend Seranda at an afternoon matinee in 1984. The storyline &amp; music are just the kind of mental cement that holds friendships strong &amp; true. I was only 22 when I first saw the  movie &amp; videos were in their infancy then but, I did manage to over use  my music album to a near intollerable condition. Both Seranda &amp; I would  love to spend another afternoon in the dark, with our popcorn in our laps,  falling in love with the realistic characters in this movie...(Our Movie)as  we call it. Virginia Madsen recently stayed at the hotel where I work and  meeting her in person, has reminded me of the simple joys this fun movie  has given me for 16 years. Perhaps when the price drops, I'll pick up a  copy for me, and one for Seranda...come on...what do you say?
0380973464|4.0|I love books that give you plenty to chew on, and this one is no exception.  Definitely for the nerd at heart.  I did not feel that it was too long as others have stated.  However, I did feel that the ending wasn't  near long enough to accomodate the hearty meal of prose I had thus far  digested.  The end was hurried and ... overedited maybe? <br />The characters  were each one very interesting; though at times they seemed to speak with  the author's idiomatic voice instead of their own.  This was a problem when  reading some of the chapters taking place during WWII.<br />All in all, the  problems I had with this book mainly lie in the editor's domain.  The  editor fell asleep on this one folks.  If you're a grammar stickler, a hell  of a lot of type o's await you.  And as I said, problems with voice and  semantics and cohesiveness should have caught the red pen before making it  to print.<br />But the ideas, asides, and theories alone left my nogen  satiated and pleased.  N. Stephenson is emerging as one of my favorite  writers of late.  He is daring, imaginative, and takes Cyber-punk to the  next level.  A true return to the epic Sci-Fi writings of old.
0812523334|5.0|This book,was the best book I had ever read.It goes through the depth of the aspects of life.Once I start reading I reading like a maniac. It's a book full of thoughts and conflicts, struggles, and peice faced by 4  sisters during the Civil War. It' more than just a book. Beleive me when  you read this book, you won't regret it. You will love the day you opened  this book. I hope you read and see what I mean.
6304510861|1.0|I know many people here enjoyed this movie, but, personally, I found it a let down. After hearing so many good reviews about David Lynch's work, I decided to give the movie a spin.<br />While the music was chilling and  well-composed, the cast &quot;stellar&quot;, and some scenes quite  disturbing, the over-all effect was convoluted and confusing. I had trouble  following this loopy script, and spent much of the time getting up to  refill my Coke cup.<br />If you want something dark and unusual, go with Jean  Pierre Jeunet or Terry Gilliam, or even the early Chris Carter. If you want  to annoy yourself, go with Lost Highway.<br />Note: on it's own, each aspect  of this movie was great. The acting was great, the photography was great  and the scary lipsticked dude chilled my blood. Put together, however, only  distracted from what could've been a great short story or novella. I think  Lynch has a wonderful and fascinating mind, but would probably be better  off writing novels over movie scripts.
B00001QGPS|3.0|It's too bad that the beats laid down by the RZA, Erick Sermon, and Redman himself can't match the amazing verbal gymnastics performed by the two main lyricists; ganged together and armed with nothing more than a few mics,  they throw down pound after pound of sly rhymes. But the songs barely hang  together, and the sonic backdrops are beneath the stars. It would have been  great to see Method and Red do something outrageous, strange, and  funky--like the various solo projects they've crafted away from each other  over the last few years. --theChef
0446310786|5.0|I recently finished Harper Lee's remarkable novel, To Kill a Mockingbird, and I fell completely in love with it.  This wonderful book really takes you deep into the truth of our human identity.  It shows love, hatred,  cruelty, and kindness all through the eyes of a child leaving you with many  emotions and thoughts.  Harper Lee's way of writing really attracted me.   One thing I liked was that you are demanded to use your imagination.  Not  everything is written right out for you.  You really have to think about  what the character's appearance is, dream about what will happen next, etc.   The ending is an example of this.  It is not complete.  It leaves you with  many questions running through your head that only you can answer.  I also  enjoyed the way Harper Lee broke the book into two totally different ideas,  with the same significance, and brought them into one at the end. I learned  and understood many new aspects of life by reading this book.  Harper Lee  has a point to make and she does it very well.  I would recommend it to  anyone who is ready to sit down and really read a great book.
079073172X|5.0|This is the second best of the five Dirty Harry movies.  I dont know what those other people are talking about but this movie is awesome.  In this movie Dirty Harry goes up against bad cops and the San Francisco Mafia.   Much better then the last three movies.
B000001E7V|1.0|How can people stand listening to this music without  being embarassed? I mean, what would your parents think? This is very boring and is only good for making love.
B00000K19E|4.0|The movie is aptly named. The Matrix (or rather the Transposition Matrix) allows you to move from one Frame of Reference (as in Einstein's Theory of Relativity) to another, where each Frame of Reference is considered to be a  Vector. The special effects are superb and the story-line was generally  good - there was sufficient unpredictabilty that kept me on the edge of my  seat throughout the movie. The only thing that I could not quite  comprehend, was how a taking red pill would allow a person to transpose  from one Frame of Reference to another, or why one Frame of Reference would  be considered &quot;real&quot; and the other &quot;unreal&quot; and why it  was necessary to annihilate the Matrix. The movie forces the viewer to  accept the assumption that one Frame of Reference is not real and that the  Matrix should be annihilated.  I gave it a four star rating because while  it was thrilling and exciting - I felt a bit more could have been done with  regards to the science-fiction portion of the movie.
6305358567|3.0|This movie acurately captures the flavor of the times, but is historical nonsense. One of my ancestors, Robert Dudley, comes out looking like a wimp, and the end says Elizabeth NEVER saw him again in private! Nonsense.  The Earl of Leicestor remained the queens favorate until he died. There is  so much historically wrong with this movie that I almost didn't buy it.  But, then, as a movie it IS good. The acting, photography, and sound is  near perfect. The actions of &quot;Bloody Mary&quot; at the beginning are  right-on. Just don't write an historical report on Elizabeth's life based  upon it.
6305128952|5.0|Is this a story about a traumatized horse, a physically and emotionally scarred teenaged girl, or a taboo romance between the rugged Montana rancher who &quot;talks&quot; to horses and the girl's (much married!) mom?   Answer:  It's all three!  I found this movie engaging, right from the  beginning.  I was totally caught up in the story, wondering what was going  to happen next; yet due to the superb acting and fascinating interplay of  personalities, even MORE caught up in it the second time around!  Yes,  there is a definite parallel in plot to The Bridges Of Madison County,  (should she stay with her husband, or risk everything to explore the  undeniable passion she feels with this other man, and while we're at it, is  it possible to love two men at once)?  Although some might deem this a  &quot;woman's&quot; movie, my husband grudgingly admitted to enjoying it.   (And no, one does NOT have to be &quot;into horses&quot; to get  &quot;into&quot; this movie)!  A beautifully enduring addition, to any  movie collection!
B00000IQW0|5.0|I watched ALL of this series, including (unfortunately) the ill fated &quot;Galactica 80). I loved it, and still do.<br />Some have noted a few things strange, however. Like the number 12, and some mysterious references  that are not explained. If one will really notice, someone in the script  department was a Mormon. This explains the number 12 being used all he time  (as in, the &quot;Council of the 12&quot;)(the Mormon church has this) and  strange things Adama sometimes says (&quot;As man is, God once was, as God  is, man may become&quot; at the end of one episode).<br />Now of this should  detract from the charm of watching. I only wish they could have beefed up  the sound for the DVD. Monoral in the 90's just does not hack it.
0060977264|3.0|The conflict the seminarian battles through was a legitimate one in the sense that sometimes a difference in or lack of religious ideas prevents others from loving us.  That's ironic because that's what religion is all  about: love not only for God and for each other.  When the seminarian  realizes this he also realizes he doesn't have to choose between his love  for Pilar and his devotion to God.
6302101743|3.0|I have to admit, I LOVE this movie.  I have watched it so many times I've lost count. Hausen always was the master and he out-did Jurrasic Park before it's time. The gypsy and the old professor do almost steal this  movie away from James Franciscus, but he hung on.  How could he not with  those gorgeous blue eyes!  Also worth drooling over is the wide array of  beautiful horses,,,,where did they get them?  If anyone knows, fill me  in, they were really something else.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido's &quot;No Angel&quot; has a wonderful almost eerie quality to its sound.  Her voice is soft yet very powerful and complements the instrumentals behind her music.  The songs on this album are so full of  emotion and power that there is no need for fancy techno sounds or heavy  guitar work.  The music and lyrics speak for themselves.  As with any CD,  you should sample it before buying, but if you're even thinking of buying  this CD, definitley go for it.
6305603847|5.0|I do agree that the movie does seem undisciplined and disorganized, but only the first time did I get that impression. In fact, watching this movie with a lyrics sheet handy will explain the plot better than dialogue. The  animations were extremely creepy, but very fitting, and of course the sound  was excellent. I'm not a diehard fan of Pink Floyd, in fact I only saw the  movie because of a friend, however I would recommend a lot of people  interested in the band's music or interested in watching a creepy movie in  the dark late at night...pick this one, it's definitely worth it.
B000002LQR|5.0|My life changed the day i heard the album 'Blood Sugar Sex Magik'. Not only it is often hard for a band to change there style from one album to another but also to write an album of such length, 18 songs which  incorporate the dominant guiotar playing ability of John Frusciante and the  speed funk punk of Flea. Tracks that stick in your head are, Sir Phsyco  Sexy, Breaking The Girl, Under The Bridge, Apache Rose Peacock and Give it  Away. Anthony Kiedis has written songs which are a narrative to his life.  Under the Bridge describes his life when involved in the Mexican mafia and  drawn into drugs by his friend, he survived the ordeal which inspired their  biggest single release to date.  Each time you listen you will find  something new, for example listen to Breaking the Girl and see how many  sounds you can define from the middle 8 then buy or borrow the film 'Funky  Monks' and be amazed at the experimentation, the relaxed nature of this  album. The Chili Peppers have not had a finer moment, Californication comes  a close second but 1994 proved to be the year in which finally the world  decided to take notice of the Chili's.  Lets hope that the rap, punk, funk  style never dies from the bands music. Live they are a bit dissapointing  but you always no that their next album COULD amaze you once more.
0452277752|1.0|Republish &quot;Rage&quot; and get it done with! I hope the man does not believe he has that much influence on our grand society.
B00000DLV1|5.0|I had never heard of Portishead until I saw one of their concerts (I think it was this one) on TV at 2 in the morning.  I was half asleep, but it woke me right up - I had never heard anything like it.  I bought this CD right  away, and I love it.  Beth Gibbons has such a beautiful voice, and the  music is dreamy and moody.  I love all the songs, but my favorites are  &quot;Mysterons,&quot; &quot;Half Day Closing,&quot; and &quot;Roads.&quot;   If you've never owned a Portishead album, buy this - you won't regret it.   I can't wait to get their studio albums.
0800128052|5.0|Rudy is a great movie.  Simple in concept, the acting of the film is excellent.  Astin brilliantly brings the character to life.  The supporting roles are excellent also, in particular Charles S. Dutton.  The music in  the film is extraordinary.  It is the best film of its genre: the small  town boy achieving his dream and beating the odds.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Aight, 1st to the person who said the cd is a &quot;sell-out to rap&quot;... hey, that is all good for me, cuz that's mostly what i listen too. Limp Bizkit got my attention enough to go out and buy this, and i luv  pretty much every track on here. They know what they're doin, the cd is  tight, and since i don't listen to much &quot;rock&quot; stuff, i was  surprised to find out they've really got some great lyrics and beats in  here, too. Definitly one worth goin' out and getting~it's kickin'.
6303471714|3.0|I just finished the &quot;Shape Your Body Workout&quot; after not having done it for a couple of years.  Since then I have tried a number of fitness videos - primarily &quot;The Firm&quot; series.  So now I have something to  compare this one to.<br />The things I liked were the photography, Cindy  Crawford's personality, the music, the fact that you do get a workout that  makes you sweat and that you don't need too many props.<br />What I didn't  like was the queing was very spotty; Radu's counting, which was too fast  and often didn't coincide with what cindy was doing; Cincy's descriptions  of what part of the body was being worked, e.g. this exercise works this  fatty part here; and finally, the transitions - she would begin a new  exercise before I was able to get up and in position.<br />I'm glad I have  this in my library, and I'll use it because I like to rotate, but my staple  will remain &quot;The Firm&quot; series - which may not have the great  music, but is better in every other way.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Friend Santana has been making me dance and smile since the seventies, I personally, never thought he would record again. Thank the Lord he has! If I ignore track 6, (the Lauryn Hill/Cee-Lo collaboration) the CD ranks as  one of my favorites of all time.  God bless Carlos Santana.
6303212379|5.0|As a kid growing up in the 80's the world was pretty boring.  I'd drag my friends on contrived, half-imaginary adventures looking for treasure, causing mischief, or doing whatnot.  In between exploring storm drains and  climbing on rooftops I happened to catch the goonies when I was about ten.    Immediately I loved it, and still do.  For anybody who gets tired of the  humdrum of daily life watch the goonies and remember what life was like  before the world crushed your creative energy, imagination, and reckless  exuberance.  Unfortunately no real adventure similiarly to the Goonies has  happened to me yet, but as I still continue to drag friends on my  adventures I can still hope! <br />IMPORTANT: at least five or six scenes, one  of which is crucial to really understanding the movie, were edited out.   You can download these off the net.  They are worth doing.<br />Also, in the  credits a Curtis Hanson is listed as playing Mr. Perkins.  Anybody know if  this is the same curtis hanson who worked on l.a. confidential and payback  some ten years later?
6305657947|3.0|Ok, I liked the movie, but I was also annoyed by it. The interactions between Dennis Leary and Rene Russo are fun to watch as are Rene's topless scene's. But I (being Joe Average) was incredibly annoyed by the  unadulterated high style life that depicted by Brosnan's character, and his  willingness to throw the whole thing down the tubes to (maybe) find a  loving partner. Further I'm annoyed that a movie annoys me. Beautiful  people, in beautiful places, with an annoying story.
0345409671|3.0|This was the most boring of the Vampire Chronicles. I consider myself a big fan of Anne Rice, yet I found myself skipping large chunks of this book. The character of Memnoch really didn't seem real, and the one thing I  couldn't understand is why did Memnoch choose to show Lestat all of these  things? As Anne even writes, even Lestat thinks that Louis would have been  a better candidate. Or even Armand. However, somehow, this devil comes out  to take the Brat Prince and show him Heaven and Hell. My reaction to this  book is, &quot;? &quot;<br />I do enjoy the ending of this book. Especially  one of the last lines, &quot;Let me pass now from fiction into  legend...&quot; that was a great line. However, the rest of the book was  confusing and boring.
6304297912|3.0|Well, this is a good movie to watch if you want to keep your kids away from heroin!  This story of heroin addict Renton (a very excellent Ewan McGregor)and his bizarre, offbeat addict buddies is one that has to be seen  to be believed.  Renton tries several times to escape his addiction; he  fails every time.  In between his journeys to semi-sobriety are surreal  moments, partially due to the camera angles, and the hallucinations he  suffers when going through withdrawal.  It is really difficult to describe  what this film is about;it shows the ups and downs that a heroin addict  suffers.   It also takes place in Scotland, and, being an American, it can  be difficult at times to understand exactly what is being said. Still,  though, it is one wild ride, and it has one great soundtrack.  The opening  credits booming Iggy Pop's great song &quot;Lust for Life&quot; was enough  to get me hooked. You have to see this film to believe it. And you should  see it.  Once. But it may be difficult to swallow more than that.
B00000BKDW|5.0|This album is just amazing, from the powerful opener, Aces High, to the masterpiece, Rime of the Acient Mariner. every tune is powerful though melodic. The bass work of Steve Harris is awsome and so as the vocals of  Bruce and the amazing guitar duel of Adrian and Dave. This album has power,  buy it because it's better then any other metal stuff you'll own.
630414542X|5.0|When I first saw the original American release of Highlander on video, I loved it--but I was confused. Who was Rachel?  Who was Ramirez?  Who was Heather?  All of these questions (and more) are answered in the 10th  anniversary edition of this awesome film.  This version includes previously  unviewed scenes that (for some reason unknown to man)were deleted from the  American release. What this version does is enhance the storyline of Connor  Macleod, the immortal who spends centuries hunting down and killing other  immortals.  It gives the audience a fuller understanding of his background  and history, and a fuller appreciation for the remaining immortals who have  come to New York City for the Gathering.  Combine this great story with the  awesome music provided by Queen, and you have one great and original action  film that spawned one of the most worldwide cult followings I have ever  seen.  It rocks!
B00000J6AG|4.0|Just got the CD today and can't stop listening to it. The music is really soulful and yet at the same time has great techno beats. This CD makes for great upbeat ambiant background music while on the computer or cleaning  your room. OR great to listen to, sing to or get up and dance to. The music  on this CD is really easy to listen to, it doesn't get on your nerves like  some CDs do! Buy it, you won't be disappointed!<br />Also recommended: Santana  - supernatural, Nirvana - nevermind, REM - Green, REM - Murmur, Best of  House Music, Vol. 3 - various artists
6303212379|5.0|I still remember how I felt when I first went to see this film, and I still love it as much today.  It is an Indiana Jones film for children, the story of a group of friends who come together to say goodbye.  Their homes  are being torn down to make way for new developments, and the kids are  desperate to try to save them.  But where to get the money?  The answer  comes in the form of a treasure map that is locked in the attic of one of  the kid's homes.  From then on, it's one great adventure after another, as  the misfits avoid traps, crooks and many other obstacles to do what no  grown up could ever do before....find the legendary pirate 'One Eyed  Willie's&quot; lost treasure.  A great family film, one you will want to  watch over and over, with or without your children. No home should be  without it.
0767802446|4.0|This movie cracked me up!  Tommy Lee Jones is great as the straight guy, Will Smith is very funny and Rip Torn is great as the boss. Vince &quot;Edgar&quot; D'Onofrio is incredible as the bug.  A movie to see if  you just want to kick back and laugh.
0767809246|5.0|This film boasts a great cast, a great director, and a great coming-of-age story.  Based on a novella by Stephen King, this tale of four boys' journey to find a dead body, also tells about their journey to self-discovery.   Each boy has his own problems to deal with, and by the end, he will try to  have dealt with them. The best performance by far is a very young River  Phoenix as Chris Chambers, the character that the rest of the world thinks  is no good. His inner spirit and vulnerability provides a strong center for  the group, including Gordie (Wil Wheaton), a would-be writer who is dealing  with the death of his brother and the neglect of his family.  There are a  lot of strong words and situations in this film, so it may not be good for  very young viewers, but if you are willing to look past that, you will see  a great story about the importance of friendship, and the passing of youth.  Definitely worth owning.
B000031WD9|4.0|Sorry folks, the unrated version of the American Pie DVD is barely noticible. It is the same price as the rated version, so naturally you'd buy the unrated version. Well, it still didn't effect my viewing of one of  the funniest teen comedies to date. We can all relate to the temptation of  the pie. The cast remains likable although there are some questionable  moments when they can be a little too crude. However, the comedic highjinks  will be right up your alley. If you liked There's Something About Mary,  then you'll want a piece of the Pie.
0345350499|5.0|This beautifully crafted re-telling of the ancient Arthurian legend is the best yet. Zimmer Bradley has an extraordinary talent which is given full flight here. Much of this tale is written from the perspective of the  priestess Morgaine, half-sister to King Arthur, and it shows the power and  beauty of the Old Religion. At times so stunningly sorrowful that I could  not help but weep, and at others, so peaceful and lovely that my tears were  of joy, this book is truly amazing.Recommended for all fantasy and  Arthurian lovers, as well as for the pagan public, &quot;Mists of  Avalon&quot; is a classic and a must-have for every personal library. Quite  possibly the most astounding book I have ever read, it changed my life and  brought me closer to the Goddess.
6305165912|5.0|The Big Lebowski is definitly a movie that you have to see once, just to break yourself in. Then, the next time you watch it, enjoy. From Goodman's &quot;I don't f---ing roll!&quot; Walter, to Buscemi's &quot;Phone's  ringing dude,&quot; Donnie to Bridges' &quot;The rug brought the room  together.&quot; Dude, The Big Lebowski is the best cult movie since The  Rocky Horror Picture Show. You really have to see it a few times to  genuinely appreciate it's vulgar and profane humor. An instant classic in  the Coen Brothers vein of weird cinema. &quot;Shomer shabbaz!&quot;
