B00003CXRP|1.0|This movie was disappointing to say the least. I defy anyone to convice me that this was worthy of all the praise people are showering on it. It had exactly ZERO of the elements that make a good flick. Drama? None. Humor? None. Suspense? None. Good acting? None. I'm sorry, but the abilty to gain and then shed 30 lbs in the timespan of a movie shoot does not make a good performance.<br />Plus, I felt like I was watching the abridged version of a movie. He's on the island, he figures out how to do some stuff and then, BAM, it's four years later. Later on, it skips over something else that seems to me would be essential to the story if, indeed, it had one.<br />And the volleyball thing? PLEASE. Zemeckis tried to makes us feel emotions for an inanimate object and I, for one, felt insulted.<br />Then, at the end, they tack on this lame message about having to go on because tomorrow's another day..blah blah blah. I've never seen anything so contrived and pointless.<br />I normally like Hanks and Zemeckis, but this Castaway is garbage. Pure and simple.
B00005B36H|5.0|After waiting for 6 years, the new Tool album appears. Tool is still that band that takes you to your own magical place with every song. We, the fans, waited a long time for this cd and believe me. IT WAS WORTH IT!!!!!! With obscure sounds, pauses, explotions, and sharp words a new world is being created as you listen to this music, a new reason to say that there is something new out and it is alive.
B000008H1W|5.0|I have always had a major soft spot for this album, as it was my first encounter with Tull. I still think it is one of the most beautifully crafted releases of the 1970's. Contains one of the best pieces of Tull acoustic (White Duck), one of their heaviest pieces (Minstrel), and then there is the masterpiece, Baker St. Muse which takes the best aspects of their earlier extended pieces and condenses it into 15 minutes. An extremely underrated album from an underrated group!
B00005B36H|5.0|Wow!!!  After about 12 listens, I am speechless.  Tool has done it again.  I didn't think that they could top Aenima, but they did it.  There is only one song in 4/4 and yet they still manage to pull off an amazing blend of melody and hard rock and emotion and rage.  The skill of Danny Carey (drummer) is unmatched by any drummer in history. Wow, wow, wow.  Maynard is a great singer and the guitar and bass creates an undeniably beautiful atmosphere.  My choice for record of the year allready.
B000021XS0|4.0|This album suprised the hell out of me. Id heard great things about guitarist John Petrucci so I listened to some DT albums and was instantly turned off mainly because of the singing. Giving them a second chance was worth it, I got this album and was amazed at how much better the singing was and how much more Freedom John had playing guitar on this album, track 2 and 3 are definitly highlights as they lead into each other, track 5 has one of johns best shred solo attacks. Im not a fan of Prog rock or metal at all (I lean towards avant garde like Buckethead, vernon Reid) and I think Rush is one of the most terrible bands ive ever heard (Am I alone on that) but anyone especially fans with heavy, fast, furious shred guitar should own this album, give it a try!
B00005B36H|5.0|TOOL has done it again. This 78:50 minutes of music CD will leave you breathless at the end. Danny's drumming is simply insane. You will never hear anything like it anywhere else! This is excellent TOOL.  The TOOL we've been waiting for all these years. These four guys really know how to pull something together and make it work! Simply brilliant. Original, heavy, melodic and hypnotic. One of the best albums of the year!!
B00004TH83|5.0|A very good CD with great songs. Lara Fabian's voice is wonderful. I love hearing her songs over and over. I have many Celine Dion CDs' and hope to get more of Lara Fabian CDs'. She is truly fantastic! On the 31st of March 2010, I attened a concert by Lara Fabian in Tel-Aviv, Israel. It was the most beautiful and enjoying concert that I have ever seen before. She even sang a song in Hebrew! Lara Fabian is truly a talanted international singer. All the best Lara!
B00005B36H|4.0|It seems that Maynard's time away from Tool to do 'A Perfect Circle' has done the group some good.  This release finds them focused and pouring out some of the best music of their career.  It's a great mix of the light/heavy style they have brought back into vogue, without too many of the insane diversions that earlier albums took.  There are a lot of interesting sounds in here that form new musical textures for them to play off of.  They have wisely chosen to keep pushing the edge as they go forward and not just rest on their laurels, which is always to be commended.  Go buy it!
0345350499|5.0|Do not let 876 pages scare you away from reading one of the most interesting accounts of the tales of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table.  The most intriguing aspect of this book is that this era is depicted through the eyes of the women who lived it.  I loved this book.  A friend loaned me a copy to read and I have just finished purchasing my own copy.  Usually I need instant gratification by reading shorter novels, but I received gratification every time I picked up The Mists of Avalon.
B000002GXX|1.0|This album is marked by the cool title track you've probably heard on the radio, but doesn't offer much more.  &quot;Take it to the Limit&quot; is catchy as well, but the songwriting isn't that great on the rest.  Kinda catchy, but mediocre.        It has been an eye opener in a way though.  Henley sings about loving a woman and all of her faults in &quot;Hollywood Waltz.&quot; Before hearing this I always thought that men were the ones who have faults.  Now I know better.      &quot;Lyin' Eyes&quot; and &quot;After the Thrill is Gone&quot; are depressing, and I Wish You Peace is sappier than Bruce Johnston could ever do.
B00005B36H|5.0|5 years in the making.  Worth almost every single second.  This album has a little more of an APC (A Perfect Circle) twist than previous albums, but is still Tool definitely.  This is probably one of the most anticipated albums of all time, and if you're a Tool fan or A Perfect Circle fan, if you don't have this album already, you're loosing out.  Get it now ...
B00000ILDF|3.0|Back in high-school when I first saw Alien3, I fell in love with it, watched it 3 times in a row, declared it my favorite Alien movie due to the fact that it got the biggest emotional reaction out of me.  Now, looking back, I see that it's loaded with problems...although I still find it to be at least on a par with James &quot;Try to say this dialogue with a straight face&quot; Cameron's overrated Aliens.  Anyway, the main reason I'm writing is to correct what seems like a common misconception on this site:  the alien in this movie is NOT done with CGI.  I remember seeing a making-of special on this movie back when it first came out, and the scenes which everyone assumes to be CGI (the scenes toward the end, when you get a better look at the creature, fall back on the old man-in-a-costume method from the original 1970s Alien) are actually an elaborate combination of puppet-miniatures and robotics, filmed against a blue-screen and then matted into the shots (which explains the telltale &quot;matte edges&quot; around the alien -- see &quot;First Knight&quot; for some of the worst matting ever).  It's a minor point, maybe, but I just got irritated seeing &quot;CGI, CGI&quot; over and over again in these comments.  No CGI, people.  It's a puppet, with a lot of rods going into it, with a lot of people moving the rods.
B00005B36H|5.0|This album is amazing.  The closest I can come to describing it is to say that Tool seems to have gone in a similar direction Radiohead went, but in a very distinct, Tool-like way.  It took me a few listen-throughs to get used to Aenima, but after listening to Lateralus twice, I am already convinced of the complexity and more importantly, genius of this album.  It progresses with an indescribable fluidity that you just have to experience to appreciate.  The music and lyrics are simply mesmerizing.  When you listen for the first time, don't do it unless you can put aside 79 minutes (wow!) and concentrate fully on the album.  This is not a passive experience, you must engulf yourself in the musical passion and intricacies that is Tool.  I am sure much more will be revealed as I listen over and over (and over and over) again, as always, but I had to get my initial review in.<br />So, to summarize...wow.
B00005B36H|5.0|This is the single purchase that I can think of that is worth the YEARS of waiting. The fleshy bass sound alone is enough to ream out the ear wax. There are no weak tracks on this CD. Parabol, Reflection, Schism...all are stand-outs.
B00005JG6U|1.0|Excellent movie but don't waste your time with this edited version. Why the hell would they want to lessen the impact of this intense movie. I am so dissapointed that censorship is raping this movie, and many people who are seeing it for the first time wont know..
B00005BL2A|4.0|As usual Depeche Mode kept us waiting for their latest album.  The problem in the 90s was that the best things didn't always come to those who wait.  I think however that the quality we were all used to in the 80s has returned albeit not the style. This new album, while high on quality is decidely low on adrenaline.  Take &quot;Violator&quot; and slow it down by 50 BPMs, insert some Jazz and Trance influences and you will have an approximation of this newest DM ofering.  Fans of songs such as &quot;The Sweetest Perfection&quot; or &quot;Dangerous&quot; will really appreciate this album. Those longing for a rehash of &quot;Strangelove&quot; or &quot;Enjoy the Silence&quot; will probably be disappointed.  In a word: mellow.
B00000JZC4|3.0|i've known about filter for a long time, through the demon knight ost which featured their best song, &quot;hey man nice shot&quot;. i always liked the song, so i decided to get short bus, a good album. i bought title of records when it was released, knowing &quot;welcome to the fold&quot; and &quot;the best things&quot;. i liked those songs, and i have to say they are the best on this album. &quot;take a picture&quot; for an instance is very radio friendly, using a catchy pop melody. there are much worse songs on here i.e. &quot;miss blue&quot; &amp; &quot;i'm not the only one&quot; (those songs make me want to [hurt] someone, cause they are so utterly ...). altogether this can be classified as well, pop with some metal guitars and danceable beats (&quot;best things&quot; is a real good club song). not a bad cd, will be enjoyed by nin/manson fans. i personally prefer some real industrial/metal like ministry
B00005B36H|5.0|It's Tool, you might as well just buy the cd because you know it's gonna be good.  The songs are so long and intricate and GREAT, that I have had trouble getting past track one to listen to more of the album.  It's just all out flooring and jaw-dropping.
B00005B36H|3.0|hmm... i might be wrong with this one, but i think this is a big letdown. lateralus is very progressive, the song are terribly stretched at parts, it lacks aggressivity, generally it seems like tool changed their sounds to a more mainstream friendly result. another thing that sucks are the long pauses between the songs, an element which already was present in aenima, but on lateralus they are much more strechted. the lyrics also lack the biting cynisism of all other releases. on the good side tool shows again, that they are very capable songwriters, some songstructures are very complex, far away anything the mainstream has to offer. maynard james keenan is one of the best vocalists in business, and he still shows it. the album shows some oriental influenced, mainly noticeable on &quot;schism&quot;. i hope this still grows on me, but i think this is their weakest album...
B00005B36H|5.0|It's interesting to see how Tool, unquestionably the best heavy rock band of the last 10 years, has evolved. With their first release 'Opiate', they were promoted as a metal, head banging band, which was not far off at the time. With 'Undertow', a dark, opressive force was just starting to come forth. Then came 'Ænima', the most brilliantly composed piece of plastic of the 90's, showing us the full power of all that is Tool.<br />It's 5 years later, and music is in a state of disrepair. The charts are dominated by pre-packaged teen pop and radio friendly pretty-boys. Just as things seem their worst, we are introduced to 'Lateralus'. I won't go as far it's as good as 'Ænima' (Lateralus just came out today) yet, but it's still a step up the music evolutionary ladder. Tool gives fans everything we could hope for and more.<br />Songs like &quot;The Grudge&quot; and &quot;Parabola&quot; still remain in the best tradition of mosh-pit favourites, but it's when lead singer Maynard James Keenan sheds his tortured skin and leads us inside darker terrain in songs like &quot;The Patient&quot; and &quot;Parabol&quot; that the listener is really mesmerized. Finally, one of the most un-Toolish songs Tool has ever produced, a soft guitar almost-ballad that sounds more in tune with Keenans side project A Perfect Circle, &quot;Disposition&quot;. Here is where the band really achieves true brilliance. <br />You won't hear anything like this for a long time to come.
B00000DC10|5.0|damn this album blew me away. better than any hardcore release i ever heard (has been a few through the last years: hatebreed, strife, raised fist, black flag, boy sets fire, at the drive in, snapcase and so on). while the most hardcore i've heard sounds, well pretty unoriginal (exception: boy sets fire), this one actually sounds NEW. this album shows how hardcore should be: heavy, aggressive, but still not too monoton. they fuse so many stilistic elements to very heavy songs (best example: tannhuser - derive). just take new noise: it starts with a promising guitar riff, then it changes into a more electronic, mellow sounding style, but suddenly it bursts into a one killer song opened by dennis lyxzens screaming. a lot of songs function in very uncommon ways like that. alltogether the best hardcore album i own with boy sets fire's &quot;after the eulogy&quot; shortly behind it
0380733358|5.0|I just want to make it clear that this was one of the best books I have ever read.  The way Follett is so detailed about characters and about the battle plans.  You can tell that Follettt did his research and knows his stuff about espionage and about World War II.
B00005B36H|4.0|Opiate, Undertow, Aenima, Salival, all excelent albums.  How do they expect to top them?  They dont.  All Tool is concerned with is making music that speaks to them.  And then the music speaks to all.  That being said Lateralus is brilliance.  Perhaps not what you would expect from Tool.  But who really knows what to expect.  Maynards volcals are better than ever.  The songs are long and involved perhaps the only thing you can really expect from them.  All in all I give this the highest recomendation.  And if your new to Tool, I definatly recomend all the other albums from this brilliant band.  Take the time to listen to rock at its best.
B00005B36H|5.0|The long stretch of 5 years eagerly awaiting new material from Tool has proven to be well worth the frustration.  Lateralus is as amazing as it's predecessor.  Continuing Tool's tradition of uncompromising, intelligent, intricate, and spellbinding musical artistry, the album is like nothing you've heard before, and yet is unmistakably Tool.  Each song stands alone as a work of art.  But the album as a whole weaves Carey's complex rhythms, Jones' disturbing guitar riffs and Chancellor's pounding bass into a melodic force that gives wings to  Keenan's haunting vocals to provide a listening experience that is at the very least hypnotic, and rises to moments that are nothing less than breathtaking.  I give this album five stars only because I can't give it five-hundred.
B00005B36H|5.0|wow this album is absolutely amazing. i just picked it up im on my second time throuugh and i cant get over it. the way tool just layers so many different rhythms, ostinattos and melodies on top of each other is phenomal. pick this one up as soon as you can
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool is back after a four-year layoff.  When you get the CD you will be immediately reminded why Tool is one of the best bands on the planet.  Pull off the black slip sleeve and there is one of the most beautifully stunning album covers in years.  This is what art is about.  Next, put that disc in your player and push play, track by track you are mesmerized by Tool's constant experimentation and full use of the medium they work in.  This is what music is supposed to be.  The first single, SCHISM is just an example of what they do on this album.  Just listen to entire thing and enjoy it as one huge masterpiece.  Get a whole new fix of the saviors of rock and roll.
B00005AXEL|4.0|and forever proud of her lyrics.  All lyrics to every song are written in the cover.  The flavor of the album is, without any doubt to Stevie fans, her own unique style we all new and loved in the 70s and 80s.  The mystical ballads and the predominance of each well harmonized instrument along with Stevie's one of a kind voice.   However, her raspy voice somewhat dominates the entire album giving a vague impression of a lack of variety.
B00005B36H|5.0|After only listening to the album three times, it is really growing on me. That's not to say that I didn't like it on the first listen, but there are many tempo changes, so it doesn't kick you a$% right away. Aenima was good, but Undertow was the better album and Lateralus is more Undertow-esque. It's pretty complex musically and isn't predictable. It was worth the wait.
B00005B36H|5.0|Incredible.  I listened to the whole thing last night at midnight when I bought it.  It just keeps getting better and better.
B00005B36H|5.0|Upon sliding the CD into my CD player, I was enchanted.  The incredible voice of MJK pierced me.  I was Hypnotized.  I thought I had just purchased a new favorite album.  ThenI got to Parabol and it was confirmed.  The transition between Parabol and Parabola was almost orgasmic.  Buy it NOW!
B00005B36H|4.0|if you liked oldschool tool you'll love their new one in over 5 years. if you're looking for a perfect circle (singer keenan's last album) you won't find it here!
B00005B36H|5.0|Upon sliding the CD into my CD player, I was enchanted.  The incredible voice of MJK pierced me.  I was Hypnotized.  I thought I had just purchased a new favorite album.  ThenI got to Parabol and it was confirmed.  The transition between Parabol and Parabola was almost orgasmic.  Buy it NOW!
B00000HYXB|5.0|You'll be surprised by listening the amazing compositions contained in this album. From the first piece, the choirs of \\"Into The Storm\\" will blow your mind, probably what you were waiting for since Queen. But this is barely the beginning of a magical tour: explosive guitars with great vocals and an overdubbed, full-spatial sound; and songs plenty of meticulous details and choirs of an exquisite musicianship. <br />Blind Guardian develops a sheer style in the power metal genre, without copying Helloween at all, and going beyond anything you can imagine, with a significant amount of freshness. Hansi isn't a clone of Geoff Tate, Dio or Michael Kiske. He has his own style and is still majestic and powerful. Drums are near to virtuosity, and the axes are sharp and bombastic at the same time! I would say that this CD is a MUST HAVE for any serious rocker, without any doubt.<br />Blind Guardian is capable of creating enchanting melodies, very originally arranged and carefully performed. I must say that all the pieces contained in this album are jewels: \\"Nightfall\\" is genial, as well as \\"Into The Storm\\", \\"The Curse Of Feanor\\", \\"Noldor\\", \\"Mirror Mirror\\" and \\"Time Stands Still\\", just to mention those I like the more. This is also great music from the heart, although I must confess that I don't like too much the epical themes, so I just tolerate the lyrics for the sake of the good music they play. But again in the positive track: don't miss this instant classic. This CD is by far one of the best releases of these times! Go for it, NOW!
B000024D4R|5.0|buy this cd and put on a pair of headphones and crank it up.  this is by far the best classic rock album ever!!
B00000E0YH|5.0|This is the import version of one of the best heavy metal albums I've ever heard. Crimson Glory (CG) is a band that delivers the exact amount of energy and talent in each piece of this release. They play some kind of power metal, with progressive touches. Their style is very sheer. CG is probably influenced by Iron Maiden, but the influence is not so evident. They know how to combine an agressive sound with elegance, power, mistery and fine art.<br />Also, the production of this CD is almost perfect. Vocals are operatic, majestic and powerful. Voices are the main piece in this show, and they're very well integrated to the musical background. The singer (which is called &quot;Midnight&quot;) is capable of reaching the highest pitches, but his voice is also full of mistery and &quot;mass&quot; in the lowest tones. I'd say he's one of the best metal vocalist ever. In addition, guitars are clean and very well synchronized. The bass and the drums are perfect too.<br />This album and the one that follows (Transcendence) are their best works. If you like power metal or progressive rock, this one is for you. Though their sound is very different from other bands you may know, you won't be disappointed with CG. Highly recommended!
0060975768|4.0|Many first hand accounts of young men fighting for their lives and the lives of their comrads.  Every chapter detailing each of the battles with the VC and the NVA.  Chilling accounts of young men growing up and loosing their innocence.  Excellent book, I could not put it down.
630439845X|2.0|Let me be clear, I got ahuge lump in my throat when I saw this movie.  It's beautifully shot, realistically grubby and the violence is not at hair out of place for the period or for modern New Zealand (on a spiritual if not &quot;Once Were Warriors&quot; level).  Holly Hunter, Harvey Keitel, Sam Neill and Anna Paquin were all stupendous.<br />Campion here presents us with a wonderfully expatriate view of New Zealand as it was, and to her credit, uncovers many of the dirty secrets in the NZ psyche.<br />In fact, as a movie about white New Zealanders, this was a 5 star piece of cinema.  With the right foregrounding you can see many of the things that are intensely problematic about New Zealand society both historically and now: the blinkered provincialism, the contempt for indigenous people (except as trendy accessories), the horrific valorization of commerce over art (anti-intellectual, anti-artistic and anti-spiritual) and the systematic devaluing of women and love of violence that thrive in the standard blokes-are-us set of understandings of NZ both past and present that you can find in any pub or wine bar in any part of the country on a Friday night.<br />That being said, the movie also plays the natives for laughs and inexplicably places the character of Bain as a partially-tattooed culture broker for Maori who have English muskets but apparently no command of the English language themselves.  While figures like Bain were certainly important during the early years of the New Zealand colony (1800-1840), the following decades when the film is set saw their importance decline rapidly. In any case, relations between Maori and European for almost the whole of the 19th century were much more intensive and intimate than this movie makes out.<br />This historical elision is actually important because it provides a way for white people to be the sole group at the center of the movie and ignores the fundamental inter-relatedness of the Maori and European communities during this time period.  In this vein, Campion can make a movie which does not challenge our understanding of European settlement of this (and other countries) as a heroic endeavor against the odds in some sort of cultural vacuum.<br />For the record, during the intial phases of English settlement in Aotearoa, Maori in many areas became fluent in English (at least to trade) very quickly.  If Sam Neill's little outpost had been established long enough to have an amateur dramatic society there would have been more than a dozen local men and women who would have been fluent enough and canny enough to be giving the English a hefty run for their money.<br />Maori successes in commerce (the Waikato tribes for instance were sending tons of salt meat, potatoes and other vegetables to Australia on their own merchant ships by the early 1860s) actually led to colonists deliberately starting wars with Maori in order to eliminate superior Maori economic competition. This probably qualifies as one of the most blatant interferences in the free market (too bad there wasn't a World Trade Organization back then!). Maori in some parts of the country owned flour mills, fishing vessels, and toll booths and ordered china tea sets from England.<br />We have no notion of English barbarism in their own country during this period either.  The subtext is that we do not need to know about the burgeoning Industrial Revolution with its smoke stacks and polluted rivers, the Poor Laws which forced debtors into prison and made hundreds of small farmers destitute, the riots over bread, the public hangings or the sale of small children in the streets of London.  Like Martians, Holly Hunter and her piano are transported to the beach, no one cares where from.  It is the quintessential Euro-settler fantasy: &quot;I come from nowhere with nothing, land here and make the earth productive with my own bare hands and bring civilization.&quot;<br />What this movie shamelessly replicates is a Kiplingesque story ofplucky European triumph over the native landscape (and the Philistine colonists as well to be sure - here Sam Neill is placed outside civilization as surely as the Maori).  Holly Hunter's character finds true love in a restored genteel setting without any thought to the costs paid by the native people.<br />It's a great mood peice but lousy history. Thank you sir, may I have another?ry of plucky European triumph over the native landscape (and the Philistine colonists as well to be sure - here Sam Neill is placed outside civilization as surely as the Maori).  Holly Hunter's character finds true love in a restored genteel setting without any thought to the costs paid by the native people.<br />It's a great mood peice but lousy history. Thank you sir, may I have another?
B00005B36H|5.0|Unbelievable.  Tool reigns supreme. They will be remembered as one of the few truly classic rock/metal bands of the '90s. This music is deep, intelligent, and sonically gorgeous. Maynard James Keenan is a god among vocalists, and his band knows exactly how to back him up. The drums are intricate and complicated; the bass is slick and flowing; the guitar work is masterful atmosphere. It doesn't matter who you are, you'll appreciate this CD.
B00005B36H|5.0|This record is the most beautiful, creative, and entertaining pieces of art ever made.  If you love music, this is the album to buy.  Words cannot describe this.  Totally different from any other sound around, this cd will draw you in.  I predict this will win album of the year in several venues.  Please go out and buy it.
6304119046|3.0|Orson Welles used every techical trick in the book when he filmed Citizen Kane.  The effects are interesting and deserve three stars simply because of the juxtaposition of &quot;all types of all aspects&quot; of film making into one film.  It's all a bit much. ALSO, based on the reviews, I thought this would be a great film.  It fails miserably. Charles Foster Kane's belligerent, aggressive, superior and obnoxious attitude lacks sympathy and, as a protagonist, he elicts little pity. Watch the film if you want to answer trivia questions or, better yet, I'll save you the trouble.  Rosebud was Charles' sled. The film far too dark and dated. The redeeming qualities are the various lightening and technical aspects.
B00004XONN|5.0|This CD has to be one of the most profound records to be released by a band for a long time.  Radiohead's usual soft yet subliminal UK rock has changed up a bit by adding a little electronic into the sound.  I love techno, and this is nothing like it and that's what I love about it.  Radiohead has done with Kid A, what Nine Inch Nails did with the Fragile.  They have shown the world they are not just another rock band striving for the next hit.  They are revolutionaries that are setting the tone for bands to come, and they have done a grand job of doing this.  If you have only heard this Radiohead CD, you may be surprised when you hear their other music (OK Computer is the closest thing to this CD).  A definate should buy.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool has outdone themselves.  After 5 years, Tool returns with an astounding mix of fury and delicate beauty.  The first listen through gave me chills up and down my spine.  A furious stacato assault starts the album off with &quot;The Grudge&quot;- a song which showcases Tools trademark polyrhythmic/harmonic acrobatics.  Like Aenima, there is a lot to amaze you the first few listens and certainly a depth to the song writing that will unfold more and more with each listen. The dynamic range presented on this record shows a band more willing to explore the delicate and introspective parts of their repetoir- making their explosive sonic blasts all the more powerful.  Tool remain one of the greatest living groups, pushing boundries past any easy genre classification.  Maynard may be the greatest rock vocalist today alongside Thom from Radiohead.  His fury and emotional weight are unlike anyone else.  The guitar treatments are nothing short of revoltionary, soaring and gorgeous at times, meaty and bludgeoning at others yet with a delicate precision that would make Robert Fripp envious (their tour this summer with King Crimson comes as no surprise).  The bass is some of the most innovative I have heard in a long time, he never doubles the guitars- always playing a unique and important role in each composition.  Their guitar and bass are both independant compositional elements and perfectlty complimentary to each other. Finally the drums- My god that guy can play!  Not a single wasted fill or impricise hit.  This band is so far greater than the sum of its parts.  Many said they couldn't top Aenima- Lateralus shows that they were just warming up.  Flawless, astounding, brutal, beautiful, perfect and not a day too soon...
B000000SDB|5.0|These performances of the Nine Symphonies of Beethoven are simply marvelous. The COE is remarkably accurate, assured and totally responsive to Harnoncourt's direction. The listener will hear Beethoven's symphonies in a new light. No matter how many times you have heard these symphonies either in concert or on recordings, these performances will make you feel as if this is the first time you are hearing these masterpieces. Even if you have 10 other sets of the Nine Symphonies, do not hesitate one more minute - ORDER THEM. You will never regret this purchase.
B00005B36H|5.0|Brilliant.  This pretty much sums up Tool's latest masterpiece \\"Lateralus\\" I got my copy around 12:15 am last night at the Newbury Comics in Amherst, MA. The CD packaging itself is by far the coolest I have ever seen! Even if you are not a Tool fan, you owe it to yourself to purchase this album immediately. .... It is WELL worth the fifteen bucks.  An epic album from start to finish, Tool simply is one of the greatest bands out there.
B00005B36H|5.0|This cd is awesome. I got it first thing the day it came out and i've been listening to it none stop since then Being an avid fan of tool i have to say that it's much better than Aenema and Undertow and harder as well OK, i'm off to listen to it some more
B00005BL2A|3.0|i came into the &quot;depeche mode&quot; a little late...actually truly late...ultra is my first and only album i own from them...i purchased &quot;exciter&quot; yesterday because i liked the idea of them working with mark bell...who did a brilliant job co-producing on bjork's &quot;homogenic&quot; album...although mark bell doesn't get any where near as futuristic or visionary as his previous work does...he does do a great job of &quot;window dressing&quot; some good rock songs from an altogether good rock band. this album continues the dark and moody feel of their previous works and adds a touch of modernism and hope to it. standout tracks include &quot;when the body speaks&quot; and &quot;freelove&quot;. get this album if you are a depeche mode fan or a lover of that dark, german, rock vibe.  good stuff.  : )
B000001ESN|5.0|This is one of the best 80's era cd's I own. If you enjoy classic rock such as Head East(from Dazed and Confused &quot;There's never been any reason&quot;) then this is the band, and cd, for you. They have been a consistent band since day one in both their songwriting and their talent.
B00005AAFT|5.0|For people who have been with Rammstein since their beginnings (at least, since their beginnings in the United States), we've waited a good three years for new material, and after thousands of misconceptions about the release date of &quot;Mutter&quot;, it was finally agreed upon that April 2nd would be, as the band aptly put it, &quot;Mutter's Day&quot;.<br />The German sextet has improved so much more since their preceeding work, &quot;Sehnsucht&quot;.  To the seasoned Rammstein fan, it's quite clear to hear that everything has improved with Till, Olli, Christoph, Paul, Richard, and even Flake.  Till has become more operatic in his singing -- some notes and sounds give me chills down my spine.  Richard and Paul are slamming on those strings harder than ever before.  Olli's bass has finally been given a perfect not-too-treble and not-to-bass sound.  Christoph's technique is amazing -- he used to stick with a variation of one or two beats on the previous album, but now, he's everywhere!  <br />And Flake!  He's finally playing the melody to some songs!  Go, Flake!<br />Jacob Hellner, producer for such bands as Clawfinger, has brought Rammstein some of the best quality I've ever heard.  Korn, Slayer, and other bands whose producers Rammstein was seeking could probably have not done a better job with these Germans!  <br />&quot;Mutter&quot;'s fast listening pace and its ability to addict even new Rammstein fans has far surpassed older work.  The inclusion of orchestral work has made this album all the more epic and surreal!<br />So, what have you got to lose?  A few bucks?  You won't be disappointed!
B00004R99L|5.0|This Walt Disney production is often criticized as being episodic but wasn't Carrol's &quot;Wonderland&quot; and &quot;Looking Glass&quot; books themselves written in episodes? I find this to be one of the best animated films of all time. The animation is nothing short of breathtaking and the story is fast-paced and ingeniously funny. This is one of those movies where you find more and more wonderful and subtle humour with each viewing (very rare for a cartoon). This version of &quot;Alice in Wonderland&quot; is so surreal at times, you may feel like you are under the influence of some kind of narcotic while watching it. The songs are fanciful, the characters colorful, and the scenery is ....well.....a wonderland of imagination!
B00005ASQ1|4.0|Finding Forrester is a movie that shows how brilliance can come from anywhere.  The movie stars the famous British actor Sean  Connery and newcomer Rob Brown, who acts marvelously for his first movie.  The movie is about a child prodigy whose brilliance is discovered and he is sent away from everyone he knows and placed in a private school where he doesn't belong.  Here he is met with false prejudices and controversy.  Only by meeting Sean Connery, a famous novelist who has become a hermit, does Rob Brown, who plays Jamal Wallace, find answers to his life.  Throughout the movie, Jamal Wallace has to deal with internal and external conflicts.  He is torn between being the person he was in the past or to succeed and find greatness through his writing skills. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.  Whenever you find a movie where Sean Connery swears, drinks, and even yells &quot;you the man now dog&quot;, you just have to watch it.  The movie is heartfelt without having to have a love story in it, which, is prevelent in today's movies.  Finding Forrester is a movie that makes you realize the importance of finding your dreams and reaching for them now matter how old you are or how your life has been.
031286504X|5.0|This isn't just the best vampire story ever written, it is a great book in any genre.  I have read this book so many times that I've nearly memorized it and yet I enjoy it intensely every time I pick it up.  The book has many themes within it---loneliness, isolation, alienation are just a few---and you cannot help but put yourself in Robert Neville's situation.  What would I do if I were in his shoes?<br />It would make a tremendous movie if it stayed true to the original story (instead of Tom Hanks being marooned on an island, how about him marooned in a city of vampires?).  Charlton Heston's &quot;The Omega Man&quot; was based on &quot;I Am Legend&quot; but makes major changes in the story to have a more upbeat ending.  Don't watch the movie, read the book.<br />I will confess that I haven't read the other Matheson short stories in this collection but he is a magnificent writer.  &quot;Somewhere In Time&quot; is probably his most famous work after &quot;I Am Legend.&quot;  He wrote the screenplay for the memorable &quot;Star Trek&quot; episode where the Enterprise crew and the Klingons are trapped on the ship by an alien being who feeds off of the emotions of anger and hatred.  He also wrote the screenplay for the sensational TV movie, &quot;Duel&quot; which was Steven Spielberg's first film.  It is easy to see the parallels between the isolated Robert Neville doing battle with a world of vampires and Dennis Weaver's &quot;everyman&quot; commuter who is having to battle it out with a faceless, psychotic truck driver on an empty highway.
1573225517|5.0|This is a pitch-perfect blast of hilarity from a great young writer. If you think it's easy figuring out the opposite sex, your place in the world, your career, future, and otherwise getting your act together without making some lists, Hornby is here to prove otherwise. His top-five lists (best relationships, records, etc.) resonate as just the kind of thing any male his age spends far too much time doing, but then again can't think of anything better to do. This book will remind you of every dysfunctional relationship you've ever been in, or come across. It also reminded me of my other favorite novel of the moment, Love Songs of the Tone-Deaf. Both of these novels were manufactured specifically for the sake of making me laugh out loud in guilty recognition, and I deeply appreciate that effort.
B00005B36H|3.0|The biggest problem I have with this album is that it sounds like Tool...strange huh? What I mean is that you'd expect something new and fresh from these guys after a 5 year absence. Unfortunately, you get just another Tool record.  What makes it worse is that Maynard tempted us so with 'A Perfect Circle'. Now we expected something different. <br />If you liked AENIMA then you will be able to tolerate this record. The songs are long and the patience is growing thinner...
B00005B36H|5.0|I make no bones about it.  I was about ready to lose it throughout the last year as the release date for Tool's new CD.  As soon as Salival was released, I bought the DVD set and waited for April...no sooner than that, the release date was bumped a month into May.....what next? With my luck, I'd end up losing my hearing in a freak accident by the time the CD hit the market.  Well, my hearing is still in tact and IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT!  LATERALUS is amazing.<br />This CD contains some of their most intricate work to date.  It is one that will be worthy of anyone's &quot;Desert Island&quot; list.  It will also be keeping musical scholars in the woodshed as they try to determine what and how many time signatures the band can actually merge into a song while keeping a solid structure. As a band, Tool has an uncanny ability to express both an amazing, dead on sense of tightness as a band in addition to impressive looseness that keeps you from thinking that their songs are merely exercises in musical gymnastics.  You really get an idea of how well these musicians lock into one another's grooves.  It's like a harmonic family...sometimes dissonant, sometimes like an orchestra.  8 seconds into the first tack (&quot;The Grudge&quot;), you get hit with the sonic blast of Danny's drums with Justin and Adam syncopating riffs on bass and guitar.  Maynard's immediately recognizable voice kicks in soon after that and you can't help but realize that this is what many a fan has waited for over the past five years.  Adam's guitar work throughout shows a higher level of complexity and a much more melodic quality.  Justin's bass work locks dead on at times with Danny and back to Adam (&quot;Schism&quot; for example, where he harmonizes with Adam's guitar on the intro and leads into the riff that forms the song).  Maynard brings his amazing voice to the table and shows the amazing range in abilities, ranging from the melodic qualities in &quot;The Patient&quot; and the title track to fits of rage that could skin the membrane of your heart in &quot;Ticks and Leeches.&quot;  By far, his voice is one of the most versatile in the music world.  Danny Carrey's name will rank up with the likes of Bruford, Cobham, Peart &amp; (fill in the blank for any drummers with bottomless pockets), and this should catapult him beyond hero status.  Virtually every song (aside from a couple of the tracks that are not musical, like &quot;Mantra&quot;) is driven by his inhuman abilities.  He IS the new breed of drummer, and you won't find him doing anything that he cannot do live..if you hear it on the album, he can do it equally as impressive on stage, something that many bands desperately need to learn.  Aside from drummers like Carter Beauford (DMB), he is virtually peerless in a category of elite drummers to gain prominence in the last ten years.<br />I obviously like this CD and have listened to it nonstop while I wrote this review (having picked it up a day ahead of release (it helps to know your local independent record store owner!).  I am biased, since I started listening to a band as a DJ in '92 when I got a promo copy of Opiate w/ a press release while working in a college radio station and have been a fan ever since (and the CD got airplay, but never was returned to the station's library..hmmm).   As a guitarist for over twenty years, I found it odd that I was driven to band that was not a &quot;guitar hero&quot; band...maybe that is why I became such a fan.  This band is a unit, not just a vehicle for any one member.  This is also a band that has not been so prolific as to release material that insults their fans with commercialized junk for the sake of record sales at the demands of a label or agent.  Finally, this is a band that, even after nearly three years off of touring, sold out their first leg of shows in the US in less time than it would take you to listen to the first track off the album. This album is an amazing follow-up to Ænima (and for those that were not happy about the interludes on Ænima, there is only one &quot;non-musical&quot; track on Lateralus).  It would be hard to pick a favorite track.   I'd have to say the title track has grown on me due to airplay over the last week, then &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot; and &quot;Schism&quot; were the first to grab me. Of course, as with all of their albums, it becomes infectious as a whole and I would have to say that to definitively single out any song without more listening/playing wouldn't do it justice.  Do yourself a favor and buy the CD and hear it for yourself (and to any drummers out there, do your car a favor and cover your dashboard before you listen to this in traffic, because you'll beat it silly).  I'll be first in line to get tickets when they come back from overseas in July, and I'm sure that most who buy this CD will be doing the same.
0345340426|1.0|For the life of me, I can not figure out why so many people live by this series and preach about how good it is.  Now, I've been reading fantasy novels for many years, and have found many I like, and few that I dislike..but this series is truly one of the worst.   There is no doubting the excellence of the plot, and its originality at the time.  My biggest problem with it, howerver, was the lack of any real character depth.  The only thing that actually told you what type of person, or hobbit, Frodo was, was the adjectives Tolkien used...he said words like brave and strong, but the story itself didn't impress any real sense of character on me.  I like to read a novel and put it down feeling like I 'know' the main characters, as if they were friends of mine that I just shared an adventure with.  I never had the pleasure of doing so with this book. I also felt the book was unrealistic in that you knew that nothing truly bad would happen to the characters.  You discover early on in book one of LoTR that two of the hobbits are 'eaten' by a tree, but both pop right back out again with no scratches.  Heck, the only thing that comes of it is one shivers and says he doesn't want to talk about it again.  What kind of way is that to deal with a situation that had so much potential for character developement, and even pure old fashion action??  This combined with simplistic character interaction, I just got an impression the whole way through that the books were written for children, with a whole bunch of pretty words thrown in to please the adults who get off feeling smart reading intellectual gibberish.   Perhaps I'm bitter after waiting so long to read what is known as the first real fantasy novel after reading so many from the genre, only to be disappointed, but I honestly feel that authors like Jordan, Brooks, Eddings, and Goodkind blow Tolkien away, and should certainly recieve more credit than this dusty old book
B0000508UN|5.0|Dynamite album. And I thought his &quot;Live At The Lighthouse&quot; LP was mind blowing. Every track on &quot;Alive!&quot; is noteworthy because each possesses a personality of its own. From the funky energy of &quot;Let the Music Take Your Mind&quot; and &quot;Sookie, Sookie&quot; to the more relaxed and thoughtful vibes of &quot;Time to Remember&quot; and &quot;Down Here On The Ground&quot;, Grant Green shares his musical intimacy with every magical note. What are you waiting for? Pick this one up.
B00005B36H|5.0|As soon as I got out of school today at lunch, i picked up my copy of Lateralus. Once again I was in awe of Maynard's hypnotic and haunting vocals, the pounding drums of Danny Carey, and the perfect melding of Adam Jones and Justin Chancellor. The Grudge will blow you away the second you spin this disc up, and the album will amaze you with creepy yet pounding tracks like Ticks &amp; Leeches. Although I thought it impossible, Tool has even surpassed the amazing music of NEMA, with this album. This is a complete album, that you have to hear begining to end to feel the fantastic musical machine that is Tool. This is a must have for any ultimate rock collection.
B00005B36H|5.0|Thankfully, Tool aren't one of the bands that you expect to make the same album again and again.  Each new release, sparse as they are, moves the sound and approach of the band on in a new direction.  And for all of you people worried that Lateralus might just be a re-tread of old territory... It's not.  It's very hard to give an in-depth review of something that's only been in your posession for 24 hours, but I feel that I've got enough of a grip now to write a bit.  The things that immediately hit me:  1) Production.  It's less &quot;mushy&quot; than Aenima.  Not suggesting that Aenima was badly produced, the sound worked great for the music.  But Lateralus has cleaner sounds, generally.  Adam Jones' guitar is still huge and crunchy, but it doesn't obscure the rhythm section in the way that it used to.  The drum sound is superb, and the variety of lovely bass tones on the album are a nice surprise.  I have to admit, &quot;lovely&quot; was never a word I'd previously associated with Tool and bass.  2) Maynard sounds quite a bit different.  In the same way that his vocals changed between Undertow and Aenima, they've shifted again here.  There's a fair bit of stuff that sounds like A Perfect Circle, but there's also some viscious distorted screaming that sounds harsher than anything I can recall on Aenima.  3) Rhythm.  This album goes through almost every time signature in the book!  The album kicks off in 5/8 (or 3/4 subdivided into quintuplets.. you choose!) on The Grudge, and stays similarly obtuse for much of the album.  You've got to love a band this popular that releases a single with sections in 13/8!  4) Long songs.  Sometimes they hold sections for what seems like a very long time, longer than on any of the previous releases.  These tracks worked better for me when I was lying in bed in the dark, with the music up floor-shakingly loud.  It's almost like listening to a drum&amp;bass track - you don't expect fast changes, more a hypnotic wash.  5) Great quietsections!  Eon Blue Apocalypse vaguely reminded me of some of Bill Frisell's guitar tones on Grand Guignol (the track, not the album) by John Zorn/Naked City, and the other &quot;segue&quot; tracks (like Mantra) are equally pretty.   All in all, a lot to get your ears around.  Considering the level of anticipation surrounding this album, the fact that it's not a massive let-down is a vast achievement in itself.  And I'm still laughing over the fact that Schism was the #1 new release in terms of radio airplay in the states.  Seven minutes long, with some slightly baffling odd time signatures and lyrics that aren't exactly of the &quot;I did it all for the nookie&quot; variety.  I love these guys!
B00000BKDY|5.0|I don't know what Adrian Smith did,..., but his playing improved exponentially from Powerslave.  I love this CD-the guitars sound great and modern. The production is excellent, as good as Piece of Mind (I think Powerslave is a step back in sound quality, although it's ver Maiden's best by far for contents). Top class metal here. Ultraclassic, don't miss this one. All those wasted years...
B00000BKDW|5.0|Some moments in music go beyond sound, they just capture your imagination and bring you in the story better than movies (or life). Listening to Powerslave is as cinematic as watching The Mummy. I can almost feel like I am flying in an entombed passage in a pyramid when listening to Losfer Words...only to reach the chamber where the priest awaits.....tell me why I have to be a Powerslave! Aces High is another strong emotion...flying during the battle of Britain, defend the motherland from the Nazis. The CD closes with Rhyme of the Ancient Mariner, can you feel the wood caving in your ship while everybody is unconscious? I knew that killing innocent animals would bring a curse upon us. Powerslave is for you to miss only.
630512762X|5.0|Director John Woo's famous big-budget action-packed flick.This is the film that put John Woo on the map in America.Packed with guns, bullets, bombs, explosions and action scenes that are so original there choreographed like a ballet or a dance routine.<br />FBI agent Sean Archer (John Travolta)has been trying to apprehend terrorist, Castor Troy (Nicolas Cage) ever since he murdered Sean's son six years ago.Sean apprehend's Castor during a violent shoot-out in an airport and as a result of this puts Castor into a deep comma.Sean then undergoes new surgery involving swapping faces with Troy.He does this to try and find out where Castor has planted a deadly bomb hidden somewhere in L.A.Castor awakes from his comma, with Sean's identidy and takes over his life.Sean(really Castor) disarms the bomb which he planted and becomes an instant hero.Meanwhile Castor (really Sean) is a high-tech prison trying to find information about the bomb from Castor's brother, Pollux (Alessandro Nivola).Since Sean(Castor) has destroyed all evidence about the surgical swap, Castor has to try and break out of prison.Not only does he have to fight for himself but for wife Eve (Joan Allen) and daughter Jamie.<br />This is a superb film with enough plot to become a series.It does sound far-fethced in places but John Woo makes it believable and real.Great performances all around including the two main stars, Joan Allen and the sexy tough female Gina Gershon.
B00004Z511|1.0|Imagine this: You get this craving for an extra large hot-fudge sundae, with whipped cream, rainbow sprinkles, and complete with cherry on top. You finally arrive to your salvation and place your order, already tasting it. You willingly, and even happily shell out cash and in return, you get a cup the size of a shotglass containing melted ice cream, chewy hot fudge, a few measely drops of whipped cream and a brown rotten cherry.      This was my impression of &quot;Kid A&quot;. I have been a loyal Radiohead fan for years. Blown away by the brilliance of &quot;The Bends&quot; and the emotional and musical complexity of &quot;OK Computer&quot;, I expected &quot;Kid A&quot; to be a once again, bedazzling Radiohead album.      I can understand diversity but come on. There is a difference between great music, and just plain crap. It seems as though they have already put out the best music they intend to and figured they could get away with recording 'this' and people would buy it anyway. They were right. Do the people who like this album like it because they truly appreciate the versitality, or do they think that because it's Radiohead it's good no matter what?     &quot;Everything In It's Right Place&quot; really is a promising track. Unfortunately, it's deciving as the rest of the album cannot even begin to live up to that and the only song with replay value is&quot;Idioteque&quot;. You need to listen to this whole CD BEFORE you buy it. If you're looking forward to the Radiohead we all know and love, but are not a fan of ambient/trance projects, chances are you will be let down.
B00005AXEL|5.0|Wow.  What a great cd.  All but 2 tracks are truly great songs.  The songs on this cd show Stevie progressing (still) in her abilities as songwriter, composer &amp; vocalist.  It is obvious Stevie Nicks is still growing as an artist &amp; we, her listeners, are definitely still benefitting from her expolorations.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool have really outdone themselves on this one...it took me 5 listens to get this, but when I did, I was almost knocked unconscious...the music is deep, layered, dark, and beyond what conventional bands are capable of. The album's strongest tracks, possibly tool's best ever, are the grudge, the patient, and ticks and leeches. These songs convey a range of spirituality and emotion that even tool have never reached before. and danny's drumming has improved a thousand fold.
B00005B36H|5.0|With the release of Aenima, we witnessed a near rebirth of Tool, evolving from thrashing ans sludgy rock to a more progressive, technically intricate yet melodic sound.  With the combination of brilliant poetics and groundbreakingly intense sound, Tool established themselves fully as artists, rather than just musicians, and a force to be reckoned with in the world of rock and metal.<br />The release of Lateralus almost overshadows this previously monumental accomplishment.  For every step taken in the band's progress from Undertow to Aenima, the case was tenfold for the leap to Lateralus.  Each song is a seeming epic opus, experiemting with new styles and electronics, and as always, bursting forth with a thick wall of sound that crushes like a 747 plowing nose-first into the Earth.<br />The first single, Schism, is ripe with an addicting bass riff which undulates throughout the course of the track, assuring its rise to the top of the charts, especially on the wings of the undoubtedly incredible video which will accompany it.  Ticks and Leeches takes us back to the persistant and rolling drum and bass lines of Undertow and even a touch of Opiate.  The Patient's sticcatto notes and buzzed whispering vocals reminice Forty Six &amp; 2 as well as A Perfect Circle's Rose.  Parabol and Parabola set up up the the traditional Tool rope-a-dope, a slow and mechanical yet rhythmic churn swelling to a creshendo and explosion of relentless power chords and probing bass lines, accompanied by angelic and airy elevated Perfect Circle-like vocals.<br />On the whole, Lateralus is a masterpiece.  The lyrics are more potent and insightful than ever before, and the intricacy of each track is unprecedented.  A must have for any Tool, Peach, or A Perfect Circle enthusiast.
B00005B36H|5.0|If you didn't think that Tool could top Aenima, then think again. I feel this album is heavier than the previous ones and the sound, the lyrics are much better. I really like 'Schism', 'The Grudge' and 'Parabola'. Buy it now!
0790729725|5.0|Not much can be said of Goodfellas that hasn't already been said by the majority of the reviewers here. Goodfellas is an absolute classic-to-be!! Robert De Niro's acting and character are perfection as in any movie he's in. The only complaint that I have with the DVD version is that it has to be flipped over half way through the movie. Aside from this small setback- Goodfellas is a great movie that you will want to see over and over again.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Radiohead, Radiohead, how do I define thee...I'm new to the Radiohead scene, but my friend lent OK Computer to me and WHAM. It was like I was hit by a brick in the head. A good music brick that is. This cd alone deftly illustrates the hauntingly beautiful sound that defines Radiohead (although they have had several so called &quot;sounds&quot;). Not to say they has no melody. Quite the opposite; any one of these tracks could be hitting the rewind button in your mind for days. It takes you to a place where its not just about rockin' it out or catchy melodies, although Radiohead has achieved both. The guitar is innovative to say the least and the use of Thom's rich voice captivates you from the first track until the last. The lyrics are simultaneously poetic and candid. &quot;Airbag&quot; is the perfect opening track to this album, combining a wistful sound with a enchanting melody. &quot;Subterranean Homesick Alien&quot; has the elements to make it one of my favorite songs ever. It reminds me of a place I cant quite put my finger on. &quot;Exit Music&quot; is beautiful in a way only Radiohead could pull off, and you might have to listen to it a few times to catch on, but the payoff is worth it. In &quot;Karma Police&quot; the rhythm pulses eloquently setting off the beautiful lyrics to make it my favorite Radiohead song from this album...ah... One of the more upbeat songs on the album, &quot;Electioneering&quot; is raw and reminiscent of the indie Brit rock that are Radiohead's origins (excelling guitar on this one!). Some Eastern touches are noticeable on &quot;Climbing up the Walls&quot; making it all the more hauntingly suggestive of another time. &quot;No Surprises&quot; is the epitome of Radiohead's mastery of defying genre. Absolutely amazing. &quot;Lucky&quot; makes you just that. To hear Radiohead in such a unpolished way emphasizes the gentle enchanting way Thom's voice mesmerizes. OK Computer is a must-have in the music scene. Listen to it once and  its insane, listen to it twice and its beautiful, listen to it three times and it's a masterpiece.
B00005K3O4|5.0|This is the greatest cult B-Movie since Sam Raimi's Evil Dead series, This is one of those movies thats so cheesy that its actually Good.  You will never look at Clowns the same way again!
B00005B36H|5.0|I bought this CD, not knowing what to expect. Tool has always been one of my favorite bands, but not having heard anything new from them in years made me wonder if they'd changed in the interim. Well, the simple fact is they have: they've gotten better. I am absolutely amazed at the depth of this music, it's completely overwhelmed me. I'm going to have to listen many more times just to absob the sheer vastness of this CD, but it's already become one of my favorite CDs, and I have a feeling it will stay that way.
B000002H97|4.0|This is imo Metallica's break out album &quot;enter sandman&quot; is one of the best songs i have ever heard from Metallica that is why they get 4 stars from me
B00005B36H|5.0|As I waltzed into the record store yesterday afternoon I didnt quite know what to expect. Well, I got home and damn. This CD blew me away. From the first second of &quot;The Grudge&quot; to the last second of &quot;Faaip de Oiad&quot; it's the best Tool album to date. I love the way &quot;Parabol&quot; and &quot;Parabola&quot; just flow into each other. The CD is greater and different from anything I've ever heard. It's great. Buy it.
6305363668|5.0|Ridley Scott got away - finally - with sneaking the most expensive art films ever made past the gates of a major studio.  Nevermind the bean counters originally deformed his vision with a silly voiceover and a copout ending, the Director's Cut restores his original vision.<br />As one reviewer has already pointed out, BLADE RUNNER addresses the nature of consciousness, the future of cities, and man's moral obligations to non-human life-forms in a lyrical and understated manner.  It's also a great love story about the Feminine Principle surfacing in a beautiful android to seduce a jaded, numbed human back into his humanity (and there is a yet another twist to this at the end).<br />BLADE RUNNER has aged very well. Scott's and futurist Syd Mead's vision of 2010 LA is still way ahead of time, and the film dates as well as, say, Fellini's LA DOLCE VITA (1960), which was so original IT looks ahead of OUR time.  Top it off with stunning production design (oh, the rain, the rain... the wonderful textured surfaces), remarkable acting (Sean Young, beautiful beyond words; Rutger Hauer, waxing eloquent as he fades) great sound design, and Vangelis' sublime score alternately twinkling and sizzling with faded hope and sexuality, and what we have is one of the finest speculative dramas ever produced.
B00005B36H|4.0|my title should say it all. Tool love the gimics and they they ever use them to their full extent. this is an entertaining cd just nothing to write home about. personally i enjoy a perfect circle much much better.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool has finally put out their third long player and fifth official release.  Lateralus does not disappoint.  Featuring all the trademark texturing and dark rhythm patterns coupled with vocalist Maynard James Keenan's haunting impassioned vocals, this album is another emotional journey through Tool's unique sonic landscape.  The musical interplay between Danny Carey, Justin Chancellor and Adam Jones is tight as ever as they weave around one another in perfect unison bridging the building tensions baited by Keenan's subtle to full-thottle delivery. A natural follow up to the brilliant 1996 offering, Aenima, Tool's reputation for solid hard rock artistry remains intact.  It's really quite simple...any fans of Tool will love it - 'nuff said!
B00005B36H|4.0|I bought this CD today and have heard it once. So I can't tell you again &quot;you really have to listen to this album more than twice&quot; buy I suppose it is that way. Anyhow, I'm looking forward to doing this, as my first glimpse into Tool's new opus was .... well, promising. You could tell from the first song on that it must be Tool, as sound is very much like AEnima, the precedessor. The sound quality is (why shoundn't it be?) very good, and the albums comes with a nice look-through artwork.  A Complaint cound be that the guys were not very innovative, that this isn't the next step but one on the same level. But this I can only assume (yeah, one listen isn't enough).
B00005B36H|4.0|Lateralus is going to prove to be Tool's most accessable album, I'm sure.  Even though the songs average over 6 - 7 minutes each, the band's melodic sensibility has increased ten-fold over Aenima.  The single, Schism, is a sprawling epic, yet still manages to hold your attention (the line &quot;I know the pieces fit&quot; will stick in your mind for days).  Other songs on the album show Maynard's voice in top form; being exposed to Billy Howerdel's songwriting in A Perfect Circle has definately had an effect on him, and it's rubbed off onto the rest of the band, who coax some of the most memorable lines out of their instruments that they ever have.<br />The downside of all of this is that, at times, the album isn't as hard-hitting as it could be, and the production just doesn't bring the guitar out like it should.  On my first listen, I can't think of a soul-rending riff around here like the one from the title track to Aenima.  Mutedness notwithstanding, this really is a great album.
0393314804|5.0|In Trainspotting, Irvine Welsh explores the lives of several heroin-addicted friends from Scotland. There's Rent Boy, the main MAIN character. He's just your ordinary junkie. Then there's Sick Boy. He's a junky pimp. Spud is another ordinary junky. Bebgie, grrrrrrr, I hate Begbie. He's an a$$hole. There are several more peeps, but I don't have enough time to talk about em. This book tells about their lives, the things they do to score drugs, women, everything. Irvine Welsh spares no expense.<br />This is Irvine Welsh's first book, and I can't decide whether this or Filth is his best. This one was a little harder for me to read because it is written in a total Scottish accent, using the slang and everything, and it took me a little while to get used to. I almost quit reading it, but now I'm glad that I didn't. It has a glossary in the back and after you read it for a while, you kinda get used to it. This book is probably the best book I have ever had the immense pleasure to read.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Don't forget to suspend disbelief.  This film is about a thinking, feeling, individual's quest for self-fulfillment.  Face it: Not everyone wants CK suits and a BMW.  However, everyone wants a sense of purpose.  Fight Club uses primordial, violent, almost sickening imagery to convey the struggle one may go through to sort through society's standards in quest of inner peace, freedom, and individuality in an increasingly materialistic world.  In the modern world, traditional values such as love, honor, devotion, patriotism, even faith are being subverted by slick marketing of desire attachments (BMW?) by international corporations.  Who says work your butt off to protect American values?  No: You work your butt off to get more things.  This film does not solve anything; it just makes you think.  And you'll think about guy things.  The masculine, logical mind has a tremendous burden in each generation.  Thus, people seeking a romantic movie are appalled, and people seeking an adventure are pleased.  The controversial ending resolved one man's life's purpose; his inner struggle was successful.  In a sense, he destroyed his \\"evil twin,\\" who distracted from psychological balance.  Fight Club grew on me, and I now rank it as collectible.
B00005B36H|5.0|After five long years, Tool is back with a new album that should be considered as their best effort yet. Lateralus is an ambiant and an agressive album that any of the fas will love. Songs like Parabola, Schism and Reflection will someday be listed among the most powerful metal songs ever to be reccorded. No kidding! An amazing leap forward for the band and a charm for us, bored listeners of regular prog-metal music.
B00005B36H|5.0|What an awesome CD! From the unique packaging to the music and themes contained inside, this is easily Tool's best CD yet. I cannot do justice to it in a few short words, but trust me this is better than just Aenima Pt 2. Do not let the song titles or track lengths scare you away, I did not check my watch once while listening to this CD. If we have to wait 4-5 years for records this excellent, than it is time well spent. I'll leave it to other reviewers to go into detail, but fans of progressive, thoughtful music would do well to buy this!
B00005B36H|5.0|Have no fear, this album is everything you hoped it would be and then some.  And just imagine the pressure.  Five years after the release of Aenima, Tool does not disappoint.  From Parabol's soft whisper to the full on assault of tracks like Schism and Parabola, Tool hasn't missed a beat.  It's the Tool you know and love.  This album is easily the most anticipated of 2001, and it will spend the rest of the year and many more in heavy rotation in your cd player.<br />I've had this album for exactly 15 hours.  It was amazing the first time through, and it gets better each time I listen.<br />Live Tool, Love Tool, Buy Lateralus
B00005B36H|5.0|And it was worth it! But, hopefully we won't have to wait as long for the next album. This album is solid from the first track to the last. Track 7, Parabola is vintage TOOL! Track 8, Ticks &amp; Leeches is a screamin' song, literally! Some of the songs have some APC Juice mixed in them, which sounds nice. They definitely picked up where they left off from AENIMA. I understand why it takes so long to make an album this complex, so if I have to wait another 5 years, I will......as long as it sounds this good again.
B00005B36H|5.0|With Lateralus, Tool has advanced their music and restored the faith of the vast horde of rock fans who have wandered aimlessly for the past 5 years. For everyone who is left out by nu-metal and yo-core like Limp Bizkit, Creed, Papa Rocah and Kid Rock, Tool has produced a dense, intricate album that jumps off from their earlier work and pushes into new territory. You'll hear hints of Aenima in Schism and The Grudge, hints of Opiate in Ticks &amp; Leeches and hints of Salival in The Patient. But while the players are the same, the attitude is different, the lyrics deeper and the relationships between the instruments clearer. By the time the three song tapestry that closes the CD in Pink Floyd territory finally comes to a halt, you have the idea that these echoes of the past are the final remnant of 20th century rock being put to bed so Tool can build a whole new style out of the wreckage.
6304467540|5.0|There aren't enough superlatives to descirbe this collection.  Within a span of 20 years, we have the best expamples of the best actors and actresses all in one huge story.  It is so amazing that almost 30 years since I viewed the first Godfather when I was only 16 years old, that I am still amazed with this saga.  It only goes to show that good movie-making transends all generations and time.  Francis Ford Coppola is without a doubt, the most prolific movie-maker of our generation.  Many Scorsesse buffs may refute this, but, none of Scorsesse's flicks can hold a candle to the Godfather Collection. The movies must be watched in the order in which they were made...never mind the sold-called Saga which re-edited them.  Each one of the individual movies themselves is a story within itself...and, produced as such.Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan, Robert Duval, all are the most important actors of our time.  I do not see any inkling of the brilliance of these performers in any so-called movie-stars of our time...and, I have tried and tried to find some sort of greatness in today's actors which comes close...I haven't seen it yet!.
B0000399WI|5.0|What is it that we love about movies?  To me, it is their ability to evoke certain emotions that remind us what life is all about.  In my opinion, The Shawshank Redemption epitomizes this more than any other movie that I have ever seen.  It is gripping throughout, powerfull, and ultimately a touching tribute to the human spirit and the bonds of love and friendship.  The picture is intriguing from the start and never drags despite it's length.  Tim Robbins plays the character of Andy wonderfully.  Andy is a reserved and distant man that struggles to express his emotions, but is a genuinely kind and good-hearted man with simple dreams of happiness.  Morgan Freeman, one of the truly great actors of our time, is superb in playing Red, an aging convict who regrets his crime commited years ago who comes to appreciate the importance of friendship and human connection in one's life.  The grind of 9 to 5, or the hardships that most everyone is presented with in everyday life is a reality.  A movie like the Shawshank Redemption has the ability to remind us that friendships and love are what life is all about, and that hope is perhaps the most powerfull and resiliant of all human emotions.  Each time I watch this movie, I walk away with a renewed perspective on the world, and a feeling that the goodness of the human spirit is alive and well.
B000002UA0|5.0|I was raised on P.F.. If you think about what they have done with the limited tech.. Its mind warp!. It is truely the music of the 70`s. Not what most consider to be Pink Floyd. I would however suggest you listen to it more than once. You can then only recognize the talent and pure artistic ability that has driven the band to its current state,as a for front in the music industry. I only wish Walters and Gilmore could come to terms and reunite the band we all have loved.I`d hoped by the sell out of every venue from the release of M.L.R. they could have put away their differences and realize how inportant the music is,was,and always will be for years to come.
B00005B36H|5.0|I don't think it is as good as Aenima, but that would be pretty amazing if it was.  It almost sounds like some outtakes of the Aenima sessions.  However, I am sure a significant number of Tool fans will think this is their best CD yet.  I am happy that this CD is an extension of Aenima, and not of Perfect Circle, although it is more mellow than previous Tool CDs.  I was afraid that this would be too much Perfect Circle, and not enough Tool.  That is not the case and that is why I am pleasantly surprised.<br />In my opinion, Schism, the song played on the radio is the worst song on the CD.  The later tracks are the best in my opinion.  There are a number of 8-11 minute tracks which is good.  Tracks 11 and 12 alone provide 20 minutes of what I want from a tool CD.  Too bad other &quot;alternative&quot; bands can't record a song over 4 minutes.<br />I liked this CD the first time I heard it and the more I listen to it, the more I like it.  So far, I haven't found any of the creative or obscene lyrics that appear in Tools previous works.  Also, the CD lacks the weird electronic music and phone conversations of Aenima, or the crickets from Undertown (for good or bad).  The sound throughout the CD is somewhat repetitive, but that is OK since the sound is good.
B00005B36H|5.0|Finally the new album from Tool!!. All I can say it's WOW!!. THis guys never ceased to amaze me. This album is even better than Aenima. It's heavier and the drums sound as if something out of Sepultura's &quot;Roots&quot;. They also go back to the sound of Opiate with the song &quot;Ticks &amp; Leeches&quot;, one of their heaviest ever. Maynard screams for the whole song and finishes with the words &quot;I hope you choke!!&quot;, wich resembles the song &quot;Jerk-off&quot; from Opiate. Anyways, all songs are awesome but the first ones that got my attention are &quot;The Grudge&quot;, The Patient&quot;, &quot;Schism&quot;, &quot;Parabola&quot; and &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot;. In resume, the albums lives up to all the hype and expectations and even more!!. Tool fans will love it!!.
B00003CXMG|5.0|WOW...very good. Should be nominated for best picture in OSCARS, its a great movie for guys that like music from the 70s.
0393317552|5.0|Cuando empece a leerlo, no dejaba de sorprenderme por la obviedad de algunos de sus postulados, en los que sin embargo, nunca me habia detenido a pensar, y es exactamente eso lo que este seor hacer DETENERSE A PENSAR. Es admirable su capacidad de analisis y la vastedad de sus conocimientos. Aprendi mucho con este libro y la riqueza de temas tratados desperto mi interes en otras areas del saber. Lo recomiendo ampliamente.
0064407667|1.0|This is a book I will happily put in the category of well-written garbage.  Not a book I'd recommend for the specified age group at all.  The writing is excellent, sometimes moving.  But...BUT this is a story of child abuse, plain and simple, and there's nothing funny about it.  The children are victims, and nothing they do reduces their suffering.  In The Wolves of Willoughby Chase, by Joan Aiken, the children are victims, yes, but they are resourceful and strong, and the story comes across as a fantasy.  Lemony Snicket's series may well be intended as a fantasy, but the first one misses.  The evil is unrelenting and the hurts inflicted too real.  Make it real and let the kids reading know it's real, or keep it fantastic.  I'll pass on the rest of the series.
6304981635|5.0|Like I said, hands down, bar none, the best ever martial arts movie ever.  This movie has been adapted so many times. (Mortal Kombat, Tekken, Bloodsport I-IV, just to name a few)  Bruce Lee stars as a British Agent, who enters a drug lords anual martial arts festival held on his private island, and runs into trouble on the way.  This is his last completed film, due to his untimely death.  Anyone who has DVD should have this in their collection, I know I do.
B00005B36H|5.0|The moment I heard Tool was working on a new album following the epic Aenima, I was somewhat unsure whether they would be able to surpass the greatness of that album. From the very first listen of Lateralus, I was completely stunned at how great it was, only at a first listen. Being the owner of over 200 albums, this one definitly ranks up there in the top 10, if not the top 5. It is sheer musical bliss, with every instrument in top technical form, and the vocals magnificent. In my opinion, this is definitly the best album Tool has recorded, but many will argue against it versus Aenima. Album contains 13 tracks, 3 of them being interludes, which were also common on Aenima. The music is much deeper on this album, much more flexible, and definitly much more enthralling. Whether you are a Tool fan or not, if you like Rock, then this is a must have album, and will be known as one of the greatest albums of all time.
B00005B36H|5.0|This is one of the most anticapated albums in a long time, and the wait was worth it. Tool can not make a bad album and this amazing album proves it. First of al if you are one of those &quot;metal-head Tool fans&quot; you will hate this. To you this is a &quot;sell out&quot;, &quot;wussie&quot;, &quot;slow&quot; album. Yes they have changed drasticly from Opiate and Undertow, I think Aenima proved that. This album continues  in the experimental direction. Not for Limp Bizkit Short-Attention Span Listeners, the songs are all very long (seven minutes and up)and full of instrumental breaks. The Grudge is pretty much a classic Tool song and a good intro to the album, it will probally end up being a single. The Patent and Lateralis show just how much the style can shange within the same song. Schism is great and catchy and makes a good single. Ticks and Leeches is great, also the loudest and hardest, probally the only song &quot;the metal-heads&quot; will like. The last song Faaip De Oiad, is THE defintion of Tool's downright wierdness and how disturbing they really are. Anyway if you are open minded this could be your new favorite album, if you thought Aenima was too experimental, do not even bother buying this.
B00005BJPO|5.0|I currently have the LD of this awesome movie and considering I paid $... for it, $... is chump change.  From the description, it seems to have all the features that the Criterion Edition LD had. (I didnt seem the comic book scans listed though..)  Anamorphic format is definitely a plus!  Get this disc!!
B00005BL2A|5.0|A masterful blend of electronics and acoustics, with substantial lyrics penned by Martin Gore and sung with David Gahan's aching voice. Much closer to the late 1980s- early-1990s &quot;Violator&quot; and &quot;Music for the Masses&quot; than the recent, disappointing &quot;Ultra&quot; or the mid-90s misfire &quot;Songs of Faith and Devotion.&quot; Overall, an excellent rebound for one of the most innovative, longstanding pop acts around.
B00003CXB2|4.0|This is a very well-produced DVD edition. It's beautifully packaged, the picture and sound quality are quite good. But the film itself is divided onto two discs. Considering the amount of information you can fit on one disc, why did the producers make this choice ? Perhaps a lesson could have been taken from the Gladiator DVD - put all the extras on Disc 2 and leave the film untouched. <br />Apart from that one ( in my opinion ) bad choice, this is a wonderful addition to anyone's collection. This film has dozens of reasons to be appreciated. And for the price, you really can't go wrong.
6304981635|5.0|Like I said, hands down, bar none, the best ever martial arts movie ever.  This movie has been adapted so many times. (Mortal Kombat, Tekken, Bloodsport I-IV, just to name a few)  Bruce Lee stars as a British Agent, who enters a drug lords anual martial arts festival held on his private island, and runs into trouble on the way.  This is his last completed film, due to his untimely death.  Anyone who has DVD should have this in their collection, I know I do.
B000000WFU|1.0|Imagine a hot, and deserted place with bats racing across the sky and under the pale pale low moon a widow is crying at a unbearable high pitch, knowing that she is all alone now and there is no one left for her.. (That's what I feel When I listen to this CD if this is what you want to hear then go ahead buy this CD be my guest ) This album lacks originality, creativity, infect this Cd lacks Music too, there is hardly any music in the whole Cd, only some stupid crying voices. An ideal Cd for Halloween, or to scare small Children.
B00005BL2A|5.0|After a four year layoff, Depeche Mode have returned with what is easily their most intimate album. Martin Gore seems much more confident in his songwriting and arranging after the mid-90s departure of bandmate and pop-sensibility guru Alan Wilder.  Where there last release 'Ultra' bled with insecurity and torment, this album is like a warm embrace of reassurance that, yes, Depeche Mode still comes out with some of the best songs around. <br />Dave Gahan has never sounded better.  He sounds, well, healthy.  His newfound interest in vocal training is obviously apparent here, as his voice has taken new ranges and dynamics heretofore unheard on a Depeche Mode record, while still maintaining all the intensity and passion he's always had. <br />Mark Bell's production adds a clarity and focus to the brilliant yet eclectic instrumentation and arrangements of Gore's songs.  Each song, even the harder-edged ones like &quot;The Dead of Night&quot; and &quot;I Feel Loved&quot; are warm and inviting, and the soulful ballads are some of the most stirring DM have committed to record.<br />'Exciter' is a lush and beautiful whisper of an album.  It will be very interesting to see, when presented on tour this summer, how it will play to the masses.
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool defies the any genre. They are beyond any classification, and I think the band would like it that way. If the unique feel of the music doesn't tantalize you, listening to the lyrics will. This band is undeniably enlightened and twisted to a degree that true rock fans *MUST* appreciate. From Maynard's sharp vocals, to the enticing feel of the cords, to the perfect beat of the giant complexity of the drum set Tool uses, this band is incredible. Buy this album, listen to it, go online, go print out the lyrics, read the lyrics, then listen again. Just listening doesn't cut it with this band. You must understand Tool. When was the last time you took the time to analyze a song? This band has filled there songs with very clever content. Everything blends. After one song...You'll recognize Tool for the rest of your life. The cover of this CD alone should tell you something...Trust me..&quot;I must persuade you another way&quot;.
B00005AXEL|5.0|A Must for Stevie Nicks listeners.  Somehow Stevie Nicks has always been on target with my own cycle of emotions.  This cd is outstanding.  She is in top form both lyrically and vocally.  I keep hearing new one liners to sum up the feeling of the day.  A very strong album by a very strong woman.  GO GIRL GO.  I have been listening since the day it was released....15 days running.  I just love it and keep hearing new things on it.
B000056K04|4.0|I enjoyed this album.  It has some catchy tunes.  Sometimes I am cool to the albums when they come out but I (and the true fans) always warm up.
B00005B36H|5.0|Lateralus is an intricate web of patterns and tribal beats.  It manages to follow up Tool's previous album, one of the greatest recordings ever, with power and finesse.  The virtuoso status of all artists involved is apparent.
B00005B36H|5.0|I just got through listening to the whole cd and man is it  breakthrough work. Like a breath of fresh air for the whole  music world, if you like music of any kind, due yourself a favor and pick up this cd. I'm so sick of the music I hear on a day to day basis from the radio, its nice to have bands like Tool around to push the limits of music... see them live.
B0000035E7|5.0|This album showcases a rawer Nirvana than the one will not find on latter releases. The songs tend to be harder and more aggressive as well. These two features compliment each other rather well. All of the songs are very good and well-written, with very good guitar and bass work. The drumming isn't great, as Dave Grohl was not in Nirvana at the time of this album. Still, the album doesn't suffer for it. Some standout tracks include &quot;Negative Creep&quot;,&quot;Papercuts&quot;, and &quot;About A Girl&quot;. Listen to Bleach and experience a different(but still great) Nirvana.
B00005B36H|5.0|Lateralus continues Tool's legacy. Maynard sings as he never has before, reaching new heights of vocal perfection. The album is a work of genius, and well worth the weight. Some choise picks: &quot;Schism&quot;, with its fast, terse, scaling vocals, &quot;Ticks &amp; Leeches&quot; which shows off Carey's skills as a drummer and Maynard at his most aggressive, and of course &quot;Lateralus&quot;, which begins with about a minute of slow building, then explodes into an incredible orgy. Five thumbs up for Maynard, Adam, Justin, and Danny.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tools new cd lateralus is the next evolution in modern hard rock. Its a change from the tool we knew in the past, the music is more melodic and softer. Meditative. A new direction. This cd will take you somewhere, somewhere different then past albums. At first this cd came as a disapointment because it was so different then undertow or aenima. After i let go of my expectations of what i thought this cd would be i realized just what it is. A tool.   You will see alot of reviews and/or people mentioning how the track lenghts are long most likely, and they are, reflection clocks at 11min. But who cares, labels hate this caz they cant fit these tracks onto 3min air time blocks. So this cd isnt for everyone. If your tired of recycled music, music designed for the masses, one thought, one emotion, buy this.<br />Comparisons or what not..  Maynard(vocals) doesnt scream nearly as much, its obvious he was influenced by apc. Much more melody.  Adam(guitar) is much more within the lines of hard rock then in the past. More emfisses on playing with other members of the band and not so much lead. Bass lines are backed up alot. Justin(bass) is heard much more, sticks out more then in other cd's i think by far. Excellent job at intertwining the other parts of the band together. Danny(drums) doesnt go quiet so nuts on this cd, plays bongos on some tracks now, awesome awesome stuff.<br />If your looking for mindless metal to bang your head too, your in for a big disapointment. If your looking to listen to something to make you jump around and get your blood presure up then this isnt for you either.<br />If your looking for a peice of artistic expression that is a tool too help you look inside yourself and feel a wide variety of emotions then this is a god send.
B00003CXRP|5.0|When I first heard about Castaway, a Tom Hanks/Robert Zemeckis collaboration, I expected something like Robinson Crusoe. Due to the Holywood nature of the project I also expected wild adventure scenes and the movie to be a generally pleasant affair. This however is a trap that I think a lot of other people fell into as well which may have left a lot of viewers feeling short changed.<br />The simple fact is, Castaway is a very depressing movie. Although many people wanted adventure on a tropical island, it would be foolish to write this off as anything other than a great film. The movie is divided up into three seperate parts. The first sees Hanks, a frantic fedex courier,  travelling all around the world in an attempt to keep the mail system up to speed. Part two, he crashes in the pacific ocean. This, incidentally is the most terrifying plane crash scene which you will ever see and is likely to go through your mind the next time you go on vacation.  Anyway, Hanks the sole survivor is marooned on a tropical island and over four years lives a lonely existence. His only connection to civilization is a volleyball.  Lastly, Hanks returns home only to find his wife remarried.<br />It is hard to nail down exactly what is good about Castaway because the movie cannot really be broken up into little scenes and scrutinized. The movie works incredibly well as a mood piece and establishes a huge sense of desolation and loneliness. Hanks puts in a subtle performance that for the most part relies on body language rather than expansive monologues. The film is also very real which definitley helps add to the pervading sense of loss. There are no Holywood touches to Hanks' survival, he lights his own fires (after three days of trying), bleeds when he steps on a reef and doesn't have batteries that last in his flashlight for four years. Unlike other stranded in nature films like &quot;The Edge,&quot; where Anthony Hopkins and Alec Baldwin are seen sporting bear coats right after killing a bear with a stick, Castaway is about as real to life as you can imagine. <br />There are of course some flaws. The whole third act is a dissapointment. Throughout the entire film Hanks does a great job so it is a shame to see him reverting to his usual &quot;I have to get home to my wife&quot; type of character taht he has done about three million times before. Helen Hunt is pretty poor as well, her only purpose seems to be to taunt Hanks by chasing him down in the rain to only kiss him once and then go back to her new husband. These are minor quibbles to another wise great movie. Castway is real and the sense of desperation and loneliness it creates is uncommon in movies of this scope. <br />Take it for what it is and don't be expecting Hanks to be setting tiger traps for pirates.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182's Enema of the State is a Blink 182 dream come true. With hit songs like What's My Age Again, All The Small Things and Adam's song, it's definately worth the price. This cd also shows they don't have to be anyone else, just themselves. And the enhancement is as funny as hell. A short movie that tells a tale of 3 popular guys and they are all for the fans. This is a must buy. And believe me, Mark, Tom and Travis will be legends in the mind of millions and show they are not another rock band!
B00005BL2A|5.0|It's a different kind of Depeche Mode. Perhaps the years have left their stamp on them. The music is still innovative, always progressive, on the level or two steps ahead of the very latest you will hear today, but the softness and lyrical side of some songs are a throwback to the days of &quot;Somebody.&quot; Listening to Exciter is not unlike walking through the steps of DM history, finding things that remind you of their previous triumphs, but at once it's a whole new ride.<br />My two favorites here are Shine and Freelove. These odes are of different content but both project sheer tenderness. There are indeed more slow numbers here than those full of dance beats and heavy riffs. Dream On and I Feel Loved pulsate with rhythm reminiscent of the days of Violator and Ultra, and Dead of Night is as dark as it gets, but the majority of the tunes possess an almost otherwordly sense of gentleness and subtlety, even sereinity. Such are When the Body Speaks and Goodnight Lovers.<br />My least favorite here is Comatose, which is too full of techno experimentation to have any emotion left in it.<br />One of the greatest things about DM is that they're constantly evolving. Today, they feel as modern and rightfully at the forefront of music world as they did in the 80's and 90's. This also means that they have to change. Exciter is not Ultra or Songs of Faith and Devotion, but it's just as amazing, in its own way. I hope they're with us for a long time to come yet.
B00005B36H|4.0|Tool, the 90s/new millennium's Led Zeppelin, has done it again.  Five or so years in the making, Lateralus doesn't disappoint.  The most recent to Tool's collection is a cross between all three of the previous albums, with definite highlights from Opiate.  Not only that, but this CD is bound to draw anti-Tool, Perfect Circle fans more towards Tool.  If you've been waiting what seems like an eternity for the fourth Tool album, you are in for a pleasant surprise, Tool hasn't sold out.
B00005B36H|5.0|I would give this album many more stars if I could.  It's been 5 years since nima and it was worth the wait.  Every song on this album is beyond great.  The arrangement is beautiful, the lyrics are genius and the musicianship is light years ahead of most groups out today.  There are long, tripped out, slow songs, hard metal songs and straight up rock.  This album has amazing depth and you can sit down and listen to it for all 79 minutes without getting bored at all.  This an amazing album from an amazing group.
B00005B36H|5.0|Who would have thought that this band would have won the massive following it has now with so little promotion or attention from the &quot;mainstream&quot;?  Since 1996's Aenima, their fan base has grown expotentially, evidenced to me by how many of my friends became huge fans of this band.  After listening to this album front and back, I must say that it is their very best.  It is one of those rare albums one can listen to from beginning to end.  Sonically, I'd describe the sound as trippy.  Lyrically, it seems like they have really matured.  Well, to wrap up this dull and droll review, this album is incredible...if you like the band, it's a must-have...if you don't like them, give it a listen anyway.  Like me, you might be pleasantly surprised.
B00005B36H|5.0|Anyone questioning if this album would live up to nima need not question anymore. Danny Carey rips this album to shreds.. Any drummer will definetly find this satisfying. 5 stars isn't enough.
B00005AFVR|5.0|Bruce is back with great style! Nothing but heart soul and passion was put into this excellent performance from the Boss alongside the great E Street Band! He set out a great line up of some of his best oldies alongside two extra heart-felt new songs - Land of Hope and Dreams and the song written about an innocent man shot by the New York Police 41 times because he reached into his pocket to get his keys: American Skin (41 Shots). He performs beautifully throughout the night letting the audience really feel his music. He gave an excellent performance all the way through but went that little bit farther with a few of my favourites such as Prove It All Night, Atlantic City, Badlands and Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out. With Clarence blowing his heart and soul into the Sax, Stevie Van Dandt and Nils Lofgren giving it all they've got alongside Bruce on the guitars strumming and plucking to a beautiful sound, Patti Scialfa better known as Red among the band on her acoustic, Roy Bittan gleaming through the Keyboard with Danny Federici, on the Bass ws Garry Tallent and the one I thought gave the second best performance only second to Bruce I may add: Max Weinberg giving an outstanding performance on the drums with great perfection making Bruce complete. It's official, Bruce Springsteen has reached a ne peak in music of any kind! To dislike his new album would be to discrace music itself. If you don't like his slow songs that have so much passion in them, there is no way you won't love his fast rock cos that's just the best Rock 'n' Roll I've ever heard. To go without this CD would be a sin in the greatest.
B00005B36H|5.0|WOW...I don't know what else to say...Tool has put together yet another masterpiece. I have been craving this album for years and A Perfect Circle kind of held me off for a little while. But it still wasn't the same. The energy in this music is unlike any other bands. \\"The Grudge\\" is a good song to start off with. \\"Eon Blue Apocalypse\\" is a great musical interlude into my second favorite song on the album, \\"The Patient.\\" Another moody musical interlude that is great is \\"Mantra.\\" \\"Schism\\" is clearly the most mainstream song on the album and one of the best. Each song other than the two music interludes run at least four minutes with a song like Reflection (one of the many epics on this album) runs a cool 11 minutes!...I really don't want to drag this on too long but you get the point. This is arguably Tool's greatest album, with Maynard having much better vocals from the experience with A Perfect Circle. So my point is BUY THIS ALBUM!!
B00000JCOV|3.0|I wrote a review for this a long time ago. I gave it 5 stars. Nearly 200 albums, 20 shows, and 2 1/2 years in a band later, I realize how average this really is.<br />The lyrics are still pretty good: angry, vulgar, obscene, yet occasionally clever and sometimes even eloquent.<br />The singing: Okay, but nothing great.<br />The growling: Oh, please. Maybe two songs have a decent growl, and that's due to the clean/growl transition.<br />The rapping: Not really rap, per se, but excellent flow and delivery.<br />The riffs: Tired, weak, and they sound like Korn outtakes. That equates to being pretty bad.<br />The DJ/turntabling: My two year old sister could do better. And they have two DJ's, too.<br />The drumming: Jordison's alright, and the percussionist idea was somewhat new, but overall trite and predictable.<br />This album was an attempt to be original. It nearly revived metal in the U.S., although simultaneously giving birth to a poser/mallgoth subculture, that is quickly dying out. I could recommend hundreds of bands you could rather listen to, and most are currently on the rise.<br />For what this album is, it's good. Iowa was a horrible follow-up. If you like angry, hostile, and brief bursts of music attempting to be original and don't mind vulgar lyrics and lacking musicianship, check it out.<br />There's better. I know that now.
B00000G3AZ|5.0|Gwyneth Paltrow is the perfect Emma!!  She mastered the role of this sweet yet mischievious film based on Jane Austen's &quot;Emma&quot;.  You're sure to adore this movie!  (It's even funny too!)
0913866156|5.0|I love the Tarot.  I have like a hundred different decks, and they're the only things I keep organized and safe (yes, my wand and athame are somewhere under my bed), and these cards are easily my favourite out of all my decks.  I know the cards themselves aren't supposed to have power, but my deck has some strange thing going on with it (although I have been known to do some strange things concerning Crowley).  In fact, the night I got the cards I couldn't let go of them and actually SLEPT with them.  I also lost them once, but was drawn to them so I knew exactly where they were (unlike with my athame).  But you can't go totally by what I'm saying because I sometimes carry powers to far and weird stuff happens.  ANYWAY, THESE ARE GREAT CARDS, but NOT for beginners. The pictures are great, and give you a great sense of the Tarot.  If you really like the Tarot and are intrested in Crowley, these are definatley (did I spell that right?) for you.
B00005BJPO|5.0|I can't even began to think how to express how freakin' happy I am to see this DVD finally come to light. In the past you were subjugated to see either a subbed or dubbed video of the epic anime. Not has one anime (with the exception to Ghost in a Shell) has a movie had a so intricate plot with great characters and out standing graphics. Anyone would just buy this DVD for merely the movie but there are many treats to add to it. Now there are two options, a oringinal English subbed version or a newly dubbed English version for you people that hated the first translation. This new dub follows almost word for word of the original script. The footage is a totally new transfer from the original movie negative (probably the second best transfer compared to a digital transfer) which means clarity, clarity, clarity! THX now supports the movie adding more to the already awesome soundtrack and effects. So DVD's charge for a lot for a 2 disc DVD and on one disc is susually the movie and the second extra stuff. In the past the extra stuff has been [less than amusing]...This however gives numerous extras that could bring tears to anyone's eyes. It contains \\"The Making of Akira\\", An interview with the director and writers, and much more. The price is right, the goodies are great and the movie is legendary...what more could you ask for from a DVD? I highly recommend you buy this fine work of art and enjoy it for many years.<br />My rating (1-10):<br />Movie:<br />Action: 10 - Gore: 8 -  Plot: 10 - Characters: 9 -  Artwork: 10 - Animation: 10 - Overall: 10<br />DVD ratings:<br />Movie sub: 10 - Movie new dub: 10 - \\"Making of...\\": 10 - Interview: 10 - Extras: 9<br />BUY THIS DVD...YOU WON'T REGRET IT!
6304286961|4.0|... When I saw this movie, my interest in music skyrocketed! )<br />This movie also turned me into a HUGE Doors fan as it did with many other people...upon reading those books, I discovered that the movie isn't really very accurate. Many scenes in the movie were either over-exaggerated or did not take place at all. <br />There were essentially 2sides to Jim Morrison: The charismatic intellectual poet, and the drugged out drunk... Oliver Stone chose to focus more on the latter side of Jim, and almost completely ignored his charismatic intellectual side. Scenes like the Ed Sullivan Show incident are heavily exaggerated to further portray what he was. Of course I don't expect any biopic to be completely accurate, \\"The Doors\\" could have been more accurate than it was. It doesn't seem like Oliver really did his homework. [it was].. mentioned that in the commentary on the DVD, Stone was getting songs mixed up and thought \\"Riders on the Storm\\", a VERY well-known Doors song, was called \\"Killer on the Road.\\" That's just bad. And what about important and interesting events that happened in The Doors' career that weren't mentioned in the film? (for example, The Doors & Van Morrison doing \\"Gloria\\" together on stage at the Whiskey in 1966; The Doors' last concert with Jim where he stops singing for a while and then starts slamming the mic stand on the stage before walking off.) Also, no mention of how Robby & John entered the band and no mention of Rick & the Ravens, although I've seen the deleted scene from the laserdisc where Jim gets on stage with Ray's band and sings \\"Gloria.\\" They could've kept that in the movie and taken out the unnecessary \\"Thanksgiving\\" scene (which never really happened).<br />But I can't give this movie a low rating, because A) It turned me on to The Doors  B) It heavily fueled my love of music  and C) It's absolutely stunning!<br />The visuals are spectacular, and the dream-like tone of the movie is beautiful. The concert scenes are awesome! It stillstands as my all-time favorite movie. I also think it still stands as Val Kilmer's finest moment, followed by his role as Doc Holliday in \\"Tombstone.\\" His impersonation of Jim is exceptional, and he did a fine job with his vocals, even though I don't think he sounds as much like Jim as people say he does. <br />Overall, this is a fascinating masterpiece of a movie. Great acting, great music, great visuals, great story, and an overall good feel. All you gotta do is throw out everything you know about The Doors, pretend you've never even heard of The Doors...  kick back, and be entertained.
6305907145|5.0|This was one of the best adaptations ever for a Jane Austen novel!  This movie is much different than the book, but still follows the same storyline and character relationships.  The main character, Fanny Price is much different than the book.  In the book she is quiet, polite, and shy.  In the movie she is strong, independent, and spiritied.  I personally think that the movie's personality for Fanny fits her better.<br />This movie is charming and elegant and still managed to throw in tons of humor!  I love it when a movie has the ability to do that!  This movie boasts a strong cast of young actors before they were well known including Frances O' Connor (Artificial Inteliigence), Alessandro Nivola (Jurassic Park III), and Jonny Lee Miller (Dracula 2000).  There are many other enjoyable young stars in this movie that bring heat to the screen.  Excellent!
B00005B36H|4.0|Well, How do i start this? i know many of you were probably wondering if this CD would ever see the light of day? or if Maynard would become Full Time Perfect Circle? Because while Mr. James Keenan Is Not 100% of tool, he is definitly the backbone of this group! What most poeple must understand is that Perfect Circle was something that Maynard Branched off of! a project of sorts. Perfect Circle is NOT Tool!                                       Although Judith DEFINITLY sounded like a Tool song...Perfect Circle is NOT Tool! Now that we've got that out of the way, lets be on with the review! The CD kicks off with Opening track &quot;The Grudge&quot;, Which is Your Usual Tool Track...Very dark and hypnotic, while Maynard Commands you to &quot;Wear your Grudge Like A Crown&quot;. The CD Then Follows into a normal Tool Type Essence, Filled with the strange opening sounds and haunting guitar riffs that Tool fans would expect. However The Albums Strongest Peak Lies in Tracks 6 and 7 (Parabol And Parabola) Which could be considered one song, with the first starting off more mellow and poetic, and Kicking in to a much more heavier state as track 7 kicks in. All in all a VERY SOLID CD FROM A MORE THAN SOLID GROUP.<br />           However, not to turn anyone away from this finely tuned cd. I feel that this CD, as with all CD's will NOT appeal to the masses. Tool never was, and probably never will be a TRL band. this is one band that will keep its presence strickly in its fan base, and will probably head on as one of the only bands to never be labeled &quot;Sell-out&quot;. In comparison to other thier last 2 CD's and EP they definitly keep the vibe intact. This CD is a ABSOLUTE MUST BUY FOR TOOL FANS, and i would recommend this CD to anyone with an open mind. But rest assured tool fans, because this group looks like it will be rockin for YEARS to come!
B000005QKJ|5.0|One thing that I like about James Cameron is that he does something that we see very little of--women playing the roles of men in action movies. And what's surprising is this: IT WORKS! Before I saw Aliens, I was a huge fan of the movie Predator. I still think that's a good movie, but I like Aliens just as much and even better in some respects. For one, I thought that the storyline was very tightly woven. Towards the beginning, Ripley mentions how she has a Class 2 license or something for a certain robot-like piece of machinery. Then, towards the end of the movie, you get to see how that comes in handy. That battle between machine and alien at the end is breathtaking. Cameron also succeeded in setting the atmosphere. I found it very reminiscent of the atmosphere in The Terminator. There are some very good action scenes in this movie as well as some good one-liners. I especially like that one guy who says, &quot;We're all going to die, man!&quot; or something along those lines. For the most part, though, I like the ending. To me, the last 30 minutes or so was one whopper of a grand finale. If you haven't seen this movie yet, you should.
B00004Z4WR|3.0|Just want to say that if you're in this for some heavy drama, keep looking.  If you're in this because you like fast cars and have a fascination with speed, stop here.  The reason I bought this DVD was because of the soundtrack.  With tracks like Groove Armada's &quot;Rap&quot; amongst others, you can't beat it.
0800141660|4.0|I love Jane Austen and her time period, so of course I loved this movie!  The sets, costumes, acting, music, and story are all beautiful and enchanting!  This movie is a timeless love story and will be remembered for generations to come.  Kate Winslet and Emma Thompson were perfect for their roles, I was very impressed.
B00005B36H|4.0|Well, How do i start this? i know many of you were probably wondering if this CD would ever see the light of day? or if Maynard would become Full Time Perfect Circle? Because while Mr. James Keenan Is Not 100% of tool, he is definitly the backbone of this group! What most poeple must understand is that Perfect Circle was something that Maynard Branched off of! a project of sorts. Perfect Circle is NOT Tool!                                       Although Judith DEFINITLY sounded like a Tool song...Perfect Circle is NOT Tool! Now that we've got that out of the way, lets be on with the review! The CD kicks off with Opening track &quot;The Grudge&quot;, Which is Your Usual Tool Track...Very dark and hypnotic, while Maynard Commands you to &quot;Wear your Grudge Like A Crown&quot;. The CD Then Follows into a normal Tool Type Essence, Filled with the strange opening sounds and haunting guitar riffs that Tool fans would expect. However The Albums Strongest Peak Lies in Tracks 6 and 7 (Parabol And Parabola) Which could be considered one song, with the first starting off more mellow and poetic, and Kicking in to a much more heavier state as track 7 kicks in. All in all a VERY SOLID CD FROM A MORE THAN SOLID GROUP.<br />           However, not to turn anyone away from this finely tuned cd. I feel that this CD, as with all CD's will NOT appeal to the masses. Tool never was, and probably never will be a TRL band. this is one band that will keep its presence strickly in its fan base, and will probably head on as one of the only bands to never be labeled &quot;Sell-out&quot;. In comparison to other thier last 2 CD's and EP they definitly keep the vibe intact. This CD is a ABSOLUTE MUST BUY FOR TOOL FANS, and i would recommend this CD to anyone with an open mind. But rest assured tool fans, because this group looks like it will be rockin for YEARS to come!
B00004XQP4|2.0|Plain, uninspired, boring, slow, SOLD OUT.  That's to sum up what I think aobut this album.  Green Day was my favorite band...they eased me into punk and although tehy didn't always play fastest, they seemed to be the most unique, and to me, prone to be the most origninal.  This album, however, sucks.  The songs are really far away from Green Day's punk roots, the lyrics seem trite and really meaningless.  This album is not Green Day.  I saw them play soem of these songs live, and they actually played them like the punks they started as, but they slowed them down on this album to go mainstream.  Boo Green Day, and lets hope that they learn to get back to their roots soon.
B00005BL2A|5.0|This is the Depeche Mode lp we have been waiting for! And not just because it's been several years since we last heard from Dave, Martin, et al, but also because it is a credible work that hearkens back to the glory days of &quot;Violator.&quot;<br />After the very uneven releases of the 90's &quot;Exciter&quot; is just that- and album that excites. the music and lyrics alike are vintage D. Mode- taking on all things depressing and brooding, yet in this case Dave Gahan's harrowing lyrics talk about his well publicized excesses of the last decade. Skeptics of the band will have little to complain about, taking Gahan's words at face value. The music is also top rate, mixing in guitars with the synths we all know and love. The beats are great, as well, with some of the tracks having an almost industial feel to them. the combination of the music and Gahan's lyrics lead to combustable results that leave the listener begging for more.<br />The album is a resounding success, I think. The rejuvinated Depeche Mode offers a truly original work in &quot;Exciter,&quot; and is a fine return to form.
B00005B36H|4.0|Tool is serious. There is no doubt about that. They are not about stage gimmicks, T-shirts and MTV specials. They *are* some of the most wildly inventive musicians to ever toil in the genre of rock music. Just listen to the opening notes of &quot;The Grudge&quot;. The twisted guitar tone wails behind the mindboggling bass... and it just gets better. Maynard's almost-angleic singing is mixed way down, so he sounds like he's singing from a cave or the bottom of a well. An eerie and interesting sonic effect. The album sounds like it is meant to be heard as one coherent whole... a symphony of sorts, dealing with alternating waves of roaring rage, simmering regret, split-second epiphanies of unspeakable beauty. The most startling and original structural point  comes with the twin songs &quot;Parbol&quot; &quot;Parbola&quot; which approach the same musical ideas with vastly different approach. I would say one is the &quot;evil twin&quot;, but I'm not sure which is the angel and which is the devil yet.  The creepy, dissonant opening of &quot;The Patient&quot; is classic Tool, but the mindblowing &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot; seems like the highpoint of an already exalted journey. When I got to that song on my first listen, I was thinking, &quot;even if the rest of the album is awful, this will still be one of the best rock albums in years&quot; and then, Tool unleashes what is probably thier greatest song. <br />Really, one could not imagine musicians playing on a more elevated and stunningly precise level. They sound like they are in absolute control of every strangled note. They play together with a kind of near-empathy that is indeed rarefied. A powerful, harrowing record; It demands a lot of the listener. I'll probably find myself listening to this almost exclusively for the next few weeks on headphones and speakers, trying to unravel each sonic stitch of this sublime and horrific, and ultimately beautiful tapestry.
B00005B36H|5.0|Finally collecting this album from the music store from which I pre-ordered it, I was suddenly overcome with a feeling of trepidation, apprehension, and even fear. What if it wasn't as good as I was expecting?In the years since Aenima's release, (and let's be honest here, it seems like an eternity since it came out), the promise of a new Tool album had almost become akin to a religious experience, and perhaps I was expecting too much, even from these guys. So I took a deep breath, placed the cd in the tray (all 78 plus minutes of it),slipped on the headphones and pressed play.<br />So what's it like? I guess that is only a question that can honestly be answered by the individual listener, but to these ears it transcended mere music and moved things into another realm altogether. I can vividly remember being moved by the power and excitement of various albums throughout my life, but never with as much conviction and purpose as when I listened to this epic masterpiece. All the albums that I has purchased recently suddenly became exposed as the worthless imposters thay almost certainly are, and I realised that I was in the presence of something very special. Hey, I'm a biased Tool fan, but this is truly one of those once in a lifetime albums. From the opening track, \\"The Grudge\\", you have no doubt in your mind about who you are listening to, but they have moved even further beyond the standards they set with \\"Undertow\\", and \\"Aenima\\". They have set the bar so high now I truly believe that nothing can overcome them. There is a complexity and determination with the delivery here that is nothing short of jaw-dropping, and although the album has many beautiful and melodic passages throughout, it somehow feels angrier, and more tension filled than previous outings. Identifying standout tracks on a Tool album is a futile exercise as their total is always greater than the sum of their parts, so I would recommend giving yourself the full experience the first time you listen toit. As usual, the artwork is first class, and the stlye and look of the CD cover is awesome. At the end of the day, and after all the mindless repetitive drivel and crap that gets spoon fed to us to MTV and the like, it's reassuring to know that these guys are out there producing stuff of this calibre and quality. If there is only ONE album you buy this year, make sure this is it. You will not be disappointed! Support REAL music, and get Lateralus now!!
B00005B36H|5.0|Five years and it's worth the wait, Tool's album Lateralus is a breath of fresh air in the world of rock, (hard rock). With Fuel and Lifehouse conquering the world of rock right now, it's Tools' turn and they could not have comeback with a better album. Lateralus is a very good album and very different album than any thing out there right now.  The first song &quot;Schism&quot; is so good to listen to, it's no wonder Tool has mass appeal, but to cut the album off at that song is doing the album no justice, with songs like &quot;Mantra&quot;, &quot;Reflection&quot;, and my early favorite &quot;Parabola&quot;, this album is almost certain to attract instant praise and appeal.  The side project for Maynard(A Perfect Circle), should make Tool become more of a household name than ever.  My brother is the one who actually purchased the CD, and he can't stop listening to it, and I also had a chance to listen to it, and I can't help but like it. My personal favorites are &quot;Parabola&quot;, &quot;Reflection&quot;, and &quot;Schism&quot;.  This Tool Cd should put rock back on the right track, it's nice to see bands like Fuel and Lifehouse, Tool and A Perfect Circle, release different sounding music that you can't help but like.  Tool is one of those bands that doesn't really need to be in the spotlight, but with this album, they all but take up the whole light and stay in it until they are ready to let the light fade, and it won't be fading anytime fast, Lateralus from Tool is definitely worth the wait. TOOL lives up to the wait.
B00005B36H|5.0|After Nearly 5 years of waiting for one of the best Bands Lyrically and Musically to ever grace our Presence, Tool finally released their long over due CD: Lateralus. Now I was getting a little worried when it was taking them so long to release this and then Moving the date back on it from April to May. But man I tell you Tool fans it was well worth the Wait. This CD has all of the Elements Mixed together of Undertow, AEnima, and Opiate all rolled into one and then some. This CD is just plain Awesome. Tool just keeps on breaking the Barriers Musically and Lyrically. This CD could not have come out at a Better time, especially when some bands today are starting to sound the same and just plain dull. Lateralus will not Dissapoint the Diehard Tool fans out there, I know I am not Dissapointed and I have been Listening to this band since 1992. But just don't take my Word for it go out, get the CD and Check it out for yourself. Lateralus will Blow you away.
B00005B36H|5.0|TOOLs new album... and its a very good one. Not a sheer genious as Ænima was, but very very good. It does grow on you, like any other Tool album, but still its seem to lack some genious sparkle that Ænima had... dont get me wrong, its still an expellent album, one of the best music creatiosn that had came out in years.<br />Its very precise and sounds like a creation of perfectionists. Very deep songs, most of which are over 6 minutes long, yet they dont get boring. Soundwise its somewhere between Ænima nad Undertow. There are only two instumentals &quot;connecters&quot; (analogous to &quot;Useful Idiot&quot; and &quot;(-) Ions&quot; from the previous release&quot;), and they are short and sweet, so pressing froward button to get to real song is not an issue anymore. There is one song-connector -- slow and quiet &quot;Parabol&quot;, which transferes into fast and energetic &quot;Parabola&quot;. There are only two problems with this album. First it seems to have is slight lack of rage, power and energy. It's there, and &quot;ticks and leeches&quot;, for example, has it, but there could be a bit more. Second, it seems to lack brilliant guitar crods that you cant get out of your heat, like &quot;fourty six &amp; 2&quot; or &quot;prison sex&quot; from previous releases. Most likley it was made intentionaly, but it would had been great to have at least one or two.<br />Overall is a very good album, and if you like hard rock and heavy metal, that you should defently get it.
B00000K19E|1.0|Buy this on VHS.  I purchased this on DVD and I wish I could take it back for a refund.  The tiny viewing box on my large 31 inch tv makes it completely unenjoyable to watch.
B0000214F3|5.0|When I saw this picture I fell instantly in love with it. Brad Pitt is so sweet that &quot;I have this weak feeling in my knees!&quot; during all the film. Characters were formidable performed: Claire is the perfect partenaire and Anthony is the perfect honorable rich man and a beloved father. And to this you have to add a wonderful and cautivated music. Besides, the most important thing is the message you received from this movie. Death is the center of the story but in fact, this is a film about life, pasion,love and human values. Sometimes you have to renounce your love in favor of your beloved and I think this is the most painful situation for a human being and in this picture it is so really recreated that you need some time to recover yourself from the impact of the scenes. If you are not sure and hesitate about seeing it or not, well, I think that &quot;Yes, is the answer to your question&quot;.<br />P.S.: This is for Brad: &quot;I like you so much&quot;. (and sorry for my english but it is not my native language)
B00005B36H|5.0|Words can do no justice to this album. Tool is without a doubt THE greatest hard rock band to ever come about. Some people would argue, but my mind will never sway, hands down the best hard rock band ever. It is so complex and involved you have to imerse yourself in it's depth to fully grasp and enjoy this album. This disc will challenge it's listener, and force them to put aside everything they know about music. It is like nothing on the current music scene, and for that I applaud Maynard, Danny, Justin, and Adam for their effort, it is well worth the five year wait.
B00005B36H|5.0|The CD case containing the highly anticipated new Tool album explains it all: the visual genius of Adam Jones (guitarist and art director for the band) blends cryptic Egyptian-like eyes and a glowing Tool and mathematically separated LA-TE-RA-LUS at the bottom. In all honesty, I've never seen a better or more beautifully crafted CD cover in my entire life. The back contains all the credits and whatnot, and once you slide the black veil to reveal the actual case, you're greeted with a muscle-dissected human drawing. I'm not as clever as Tool and I don't want to even try to explain the genius behind it all, nor the subliminal meanings, but the case is well worth seeing. <br />The actual music itself is very reminiscent of past Tool sounds, but with an advanced, more compelling distortion of gorgeous textures and music soundscapes. Maynard's voice pummels, tumbles, falls apart and fits back together with incredible lyrics and thought-provoking music to back them up. I'm still understanding the entire Parabol-Parabola connection. I've heard it's a mirror-reflective episodic continuation, and the three songs Disposition, Reflection, and Triad all correlate as well.<br />Tool's Lateralus is an album of music and art. The band takes you into a visually and musically wonderful world of enigmatic intrigue. The music is the key. Your mind is the tool.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool demonstrates again that catharsis can be accomplished through aggressive and peaceful means. \\"Ticks &amp; Leeches\\" is a ferocious examination of parasitic relationships that challenges us to confront that which drains us.  \\"Reflection\\" is a melodic meditation about healing the self by achieving a higher level of self-awareness.  \\"Parabola\\" and \\"The Grudge\\" possess the forceful roar that recalls some of Tool's previous releases. <br />The songs are segued and mixed so well that I find it extremely difficult to skip songs. Every song on this CD has a seemingly fathomless capacity to evolve along with the listener's perception and changes with each repeated listen.  Lyrics are open to interpretation thereby allowing listeners to explore his or her psyche and experience the songs on a personal level.  Holistically, Lateralus provides a path towards a heightened state of consciousness and self-awareness.  Open your mind and take the first step.
B00005BL2A|4.0|I've had this album for a little over 24 hours now (I'm in Germany where it came out a day earlier than the US).  I like the album a lot.  It's typical DM.  By that, I mean that you get a CD with a high percentage of enjoyable tracks and nice variety.  This CD's a little more downtempo than a lot of previous DM albums.  Dave's singing is at it's best, Martin's lyrics are also great.  I also really enjoy the use of synths in this album. <br />I've probably listened to the album 4 or 5 times now, and I can honestly say that I like it more and more each time.  As of right now, my favorites include The Dead of Night (which is great and dirty), I Feel Love, and Dream On.<br />If you're a DM fan, I would definately recommend buying this album.  I would also recommend it to anyone who's looking for something that's not exactly what you're used to hearing every day.
0684853523|5.0|From 05/16/01 issue of WritersWeekly.com: Stephen King's On Writing is out in paperback, so I picked up a copy. After reading the last paragraph of page 20 out loud to Ali and Zach (ages 10 and 14), they started arguing over who gets to read the book next. I couldn't read it to Frank (age 8) because I didn't want to give him any ideas. The first part of the book is gut-tickling entertainment and the last part is Stephen's own hints on how to be a writer...a GOOD writer. I'm thoroughly enjoying it and I highly recommend you pick up a copy. It's worth every penny. I think if he'd not been a horror author, he'd have been a comedian. -Angela Adair-Hoy, WritersWeekly.com
B000002MG1|5.0|I can't add a lot that the music itself won't say, but I'll try. This is one of the true landmarks of our generation. The Beatles' 'White Album', Springsteen's 'Nebraska', and REM's 'Automatic'. If you haven't bought it, shame on you.
B00005AUBA|5.0|This is one of the first great albums of the new millenium. Even though it runs considerably less time than the first two, it still manages to conjure an amazing presence. Songs &quot;like take me somewhere nice&quot; and &quot;Dial;revenge&quot; have more emotion and character than a million American three cord, drop d rants about supposed broken homes.<br />The greatest thing about Mogwai is that they are British which makes them a cut above other British bands which makes them fierce competition towards your American lot.<br />I say Mogwai are inventing music for the millenium and beyond.<br />Long live the Gwai.
0385484518|5.0|This is the greatest book I have ever read.  I am 17 years old and usually dont loke to read.  This book kept me into the book and loved to read it.  Everyone should read and have a copy of the book for themselves
B00005B36H|5.0|overwhelmed. hypnotized. astonished. but rather not surprised. that is the state of my humble mind after listening to lateralus. honestly speaking i expected it to be extraordinarily complex. but the wave of all twisted emotions bursting from the album is more than my boldest expectations. the lyrics... no, there are no words to describe them, as they have to speak for themselves, as enigmatic as they may seem. all of you out there - go and listen. but be aware - you may be incapable of comprehending the power of it all. i'm not. yet.
B00005B36H|5.0|Well what can be said about Tool that hasn't been said before... I listened to the entire CD twice before writing this review. It really rocks! Since Tool seems to be in the habit of waiting 4-5 years to realese new music, I belive that they make damn sure it's worth the wait for their fans. This album combines &quot;classic Tool&quot; with new soundscapes and unique vocal phrasings that make this an album that will stand the test of time. Just when you think the music is getting too weird or going off on a strange tangent, it reels you back in and makes you want to listen further. My two favorites so far are: The Grudge and Schism.The sound quality is spectacular - Slick production, very polished sound, yet retains the raw feel that makes Tool such an energetic and dynamic group. Was it worth the wait? Well let's just say that I'm glad that I didn't wait 5 years to get a re-packaged version of AEnima or Undertow. Both great albums but it's refreshing that they aren't regurgitating the same old albums just because &quot;they work&quot;. Can't wait to see some of the new videos for this album.
B000001ES9|4.0|Before Neil Peart joined the band, and brought along a certain science fiction/fantasy approach to their lyrics, Rush was pretty much a straight up, albeit Zeppelin-influenced, group from Canada with a guy named John Rutsey holding down the drum duties.  At the risk of bringing the wrath of Rush fans world-wide down on my head, I think this is their best album.  Without the complicated time signatures and Peart's often overblown lyrics, songs like \\"What You're Doing,\\" \\"Finding My Way,\\" \\"In The Mood,\\" and especially \\"Working Man\\" are given room to breathe and, dare I say, boogie.  Canada's greatest export since Molson, Labatt's, and Bob Probert.
B00005BL2A|2.0|I used to think that the weakness of the Ultra album was due to the hard times the band was trying to overcome. Every band is entitled to make one &quot;mistake&quot; album, right? But to go from embarrassingly bad to worse is what has happened with this latest opus from DM.<br />1) Dream on - This is an obvious single. It's got a great guitar riff, cool synth work, and Martin and Dave's vocals are great. No real complaints here.<br />2) Shine - This song comes the closest to sounding like classic DM. It starts of slow and then builds up to a great sounding chorus. Unfortunately, someone decided that once the song finally gets up and going it should drop back into a slow verse. It's very frustrating every time this song slows down.<br />3) The Sweetest Condition - This song has got to have the most annoying guitar part I can think of. I have to really force myself to listen to this song all the way through everytime it comes on.<br />4) When The Body Speaks - Dave tries to prove that he can croon just as good as Martin on the slow tunes. Problem is, most people LOVE the way Dave's voice sound's when he sings live Dave!! This makes as much sense as Martin trying to sing like Dave. <br />5) The Dead of Night -  I'm not sure what DM is trying to do with this song. I can only assume that this is supposed to be tongue in cheek. It's the most aggressive song on the album but it's just kind of annoying.<br />6) Lovetheme - yawn...<br />7)  Freelove - Yet another slow song where Dave try's to croon. This song's potential was totally wasted.<br />8) Comatose - This is the better of the two songs that Martin sings on. The song is good, the production is bad.<br />9) I Feel Loved - Why is DM trying to write house music? I can see if they were going to do something interesting with house music, but this song  already sounds very dated.<br />10) Breathe - One of the worst songs ever put out by DM. Bad music and very, VERY bad lyrics. But, don't take my word for it, please listenfor yourself.<br />11) Easy Tiger - yawn...<br />12) I Am You - I think this is the best song on the album. A bit slow at times but the chorus just barely saves this song from being yet another yawner.<br />13) Goodnight Lovers - I think the band didn't think this album had enough slow songs so they tacked on this lullaby at the end. Just in case you happened to stay awake while listening to the rest of the album, this song will make sure you pass out from boredom.<br />Without Alan Wilder holding the reigns on the musical direction, the band has made some very poor decisions with were to go with the sound of each song. Don't get me wrong, I think that Martin Gore's songs had a lot of potential on this album and on Ultra as well, but the production is well beneath what this band is capable of pulling off. I say this because that this is the same band that put out such masterpieces as Black Celebration, Violator, and Songs of Faith and Devotion. They've obviously proven that they know how to do it right, so why should we expect anything less from them? Maybe this whole waiting five years in between albums is causing the band to become lazy with their production. <br />I say, if you aren't going to do it right, don't do it at all. As much as I love this band, I wish they would have ended their career with SOFD. That way, DM would have been remembered while they were at the top of their game, not as has-beens that these last couple of albums are making them look like.
B00005B36H|5.0|If I could give this album more than five stars I would. Lateralus is just as amazing if not more so than the previous two full length albums and the EP. All of the tracks are great, but &quot;Grudge&quot;, &quot;Schism&quot;, and &quot;Parabol/Parabola&quot; stand out to me. If you are a Tool fan don't just sit there; get out and buy it NOW. And if you are not a Tool fan go get your head checked.
B00005B36H|5.0|It's been five long years since Tool changed the landscape of rock with Aenima, but I can now honestly say that it's been worth the wait.  This is as close to a perfect album as it gets.  What Aenima was to Undertow, Lateralus is to Aenima. It illustrates the evolution and newfound maturity--both musically and ideologically--of one of the best modern musical acts around.  Simply awesome.
B00005B36H|5.0|I just finished listening to this albumn.  I was eagarly antiscipating its release for a long time.  Up to this point I felt Aenema was clearly the defining Tool album, but Lateralus gives it a run for its money!  The purcusions rule this album.  There is also that distinct bass that rocks every track.  There are a select few heavy tracks.  It seams there is more of a melodic sound to Maynards vocals, and man does he ever know how to use it!  Schism is the first cut off of the album, and so far is one of my favorite tracks off of Lateralus.  The album kicks off in a good way with the Grudge and it doesn't slow down.  Parabola is another great tune that's probably due to recieve some air time.  Heck the whole album is good, it's hard to choose which are the best.  I'm so glad Tool didn't lose a step after a five year studio layoff.  They are by far the most dominating band that has come out of the 90's.  They had a lot to live up to for this album because I truly felt Aenema was THE Tool album, but this album is clearly a great one as well.  They have yet to disapoint, and this album shows no sign of that in the future.  Go out and buy it now!  And if you don't have the other Tool albums go out and buy those as well.  I promise you won't be disapointed.  Rock on and peace out!
B00004Z459|4.0|Well this cd is really awsome and no. 2 might be da bom' to all you teen agers with the shut up thing and I think it's great ! and that linkin park might not seem that cool but it sort of is infact it's not bad!
0694003611|5.0|&quot;Goodnight Moon&quot; was my granddaughter's (who is going on seven) favorite bedtime story.  It is the only book that she would allow my son to read to her before going to sleep at night.  No matter how many times he read it to her, she never got bored with it.  When I, her grandmother, took care of her at times, I also had to read this book before she would close her eyes to go to sleep.  As she grew older, before I could point out the various objects in the book, she was way ahead of me and said the names of them before I could utter a word.  I am a retired school teacher, and I believe books like &quot;Goodnight Moon&quot; help children become familiar with &quot;beloved&quot; objects, and the repetition of them, I believe,  leads to &quot;letter&quot; then &quot;word&quot; recognigion as they grow older.  It is a wonderful, and beautifully illustrated book for children and was a joy to read to my granddaughter no matter how many times I had to read it to her!!
B00004Z459|4.0|Well this cd is really awsome and no. 2 might be da bom' to all you teen agers with the shut up thing and I think it's great ! and that linkin park might not seem that cool but it sort of is infact it's not bad!
B000056VIY|2.0|oKAY, Miss Lopez needs some talent injected into her this is another exanple of commercial success...Formula=take a pretty face, sexy body, 1/4 talent, hype it up and BOOOOOOOM...sucess... I would have rated this cd an 1 but gave it an 2 because i do like some of the beats. Miss lopez can not sing she is cleverly disguised around beats sexy talk and an sexy look... She is not an artist with something to say just in it for the money...Now if it was me I'll probaly do the same but believe me when i say she is a packaged hollywood deal...She has one real talent I think which also can use work but her acting- she's pretty good. Anyway, if you want to get  on the bandwagon buy it ...if you see through this fake demeanor FORGET ABOUT IT!!!!
B00005B36H|5.0|It's been said that Tool's music shades itself towards those cognitive listeners who can examine the whole picture and not just what MTV feeds them.  Those people who aren't in it for the 3-minute pop-song will understand where I'm coming from.  Lateralus takes you on a journey; you start in one place only to be returned somewhere else after 80 minutes of blissful, escapist emotion.  The greatest aspect of this album is its room for independent interpretation.  It means different things to different people; you can venture as deep as you like and you'll hear new twists and turns every time you listen.  <br />One suggestion: play the whole album, front to back.  Remember, sometimes the journey is better than the destination.
B000002J27|5.0|Of all the albums to come out of Genesis, both group and solo, A Trick of the Tail stands out as one of the best.  The group achieved a perfect balance in song selection - from &quot;rockers&quot; (&quot;Squonk&quot;, &quot;Dance on a Volcano&quot;) to wry humor (&quot;Robbery, Assault &amp; Battery) to simply beautiful, moving songs (&quot;Ripples,&quot; &quot;Mad Man Moon&quot;).  Each and every song is worthwhile.  Phil Collins, in his first effort as lead singer, brings a sensitivity to the vocals that is sorely lacking from his more recent offerings.  Tony Banks shows once again that keyboards can be dominating but still wonderful, while Steve Hackett and Mike Rutherford's strumming guarantee that something new will be discovered with every listen.  For those who know Genesis only from Invisible Touch and We Can't Dance, this is the album to buy before delving into the Gabriel years.
0345440757|2.0|As a Parent Educator and Certified Lactation Educator I would hesitate to recommend this book  to new parents due to the inaccurate information on breastfeeding and attachment.  Although this book can be seen as valuable in the way that it describes recognizing and becoming aware of infant cues as a way to better understand your baby this book adheres to a strict and regimental schedule(risky!) for feeding baby especially in the first few days of life when many lactation professionals would agree that feeding and comforting baby through its sucking needs at the breast are innate parts of its survival as well as ensuring a healthy milk supply.  Holding your baby and nursing frequently in the early days, weeks, and months ease baby's transition to life outside of the womb.     As well as being the world's most highly accepted breastfeeding resource, La Leche League International's &quot;Womanly Art of Breastfeeding&quot; is an in depth book on infant development without any quick fix methods or sure cures as Ms. Hogg presents in her book.   Another worthwhile book to consider is &quot;The Baby Book&quot; by Dr. Sears. While Ms. Hogg expresses the view of Dr. Sears as an extremist because in his infant books he promotes meeting the needs of an infant by not only understanding your baby's cues but also recognizes sleeping with your baby as healthy(ie. reducing the risk of S.I.D.S.), carrying your baby while it is happy and considers breastfeeding a relationship that mother shares with baby which is beyond feeding and is enhanced by a suportive partner who will benefit from the relationship and not be excluded from as is presented in Ms. Hogg's book.  What Doctor Sears points out that Ms. Hogg also refutes is that you cannot spoil a young baby, as if a young infants ego is in place at this point.  My concern for new parents is that they will be mislead that  Ms. Hogg's E.A.S.Y. plan is a substitute for your their intuition.  Imagine not allowing your baby to sleep on your chest where he or she can fall asleep listening to your heartbeat.  A parent behavior that the author warns against.  As with any book new parents find themselves led to, take what works for you, leave the rest behind and when considering the health and well-being of your baby,  respond with your heart first and foremost.  It has more wisdom than any book.
B00005B36H|4.0|Well...I can say that this CD is a classic for any TooL fan or any fan of alternative music.  With rock music becoming more and more popular, I think it is great that TooL has finally come out with a new album, and seperated itself from all the Korn and Limp Bizkit clones out there.  It sounds to me like TooL is going back to there roots.  Songs like &quot;Parabola&quot; and &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot; sound a lot like songs off of there sophmore album &quot;Undertow&quot;.  Other songs, like &quot;Disposition&quot;, sound a lot like there live material (drawn out and very moving).  They seem to take the listener to another place.  Musically TooL is one of the best bands out right now.  Maynard James Keenan's haunting and beautiful voice reminds me of Thom from Radiohead (one of the greatest of all time in my opinion).  Not only is the music spectacular, but the album jacket and cover art are incredible.  Its all clear plastic and has the anatomy (both physical and spiritual) of the average man on each page.  It all comes in a clear black slip cover. Very cool.  To sum it up, TooL has outdone themselves once again.  Great music, great art, great message.  Any old fans should have this already and any new fans should go out and get it.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I'll say that everyone is entitled to thier opinions.  It has been a very long time since I have heard music that actually made me feel like the artist put time and effort into the lyrics.  And this is one of those cases.  If you will actually LISTEN to this cd, you will understand. Lyrics that come from the heart and personal experiences are very strong and moving.  And when those lyrics are put with just the right amount of punch behind it, it is great.  I recommend this cd, and the MY OWN PRISON cd to anyone who knows how to HEAR and FEEL music.  It doesn't hit home if you just listen.
B00005B36H|4.0|Finally Tool's new album arrived, and as kick as i got i put it on and listened to it. It left me with a sense of dissapointment and disbelief. It is very similar to \\"Aenima\\", very similar guitar sound and song process. I fell that Tool have felt the need to try and write an epic album which will live on forever, and concentrated on length not substance. A couple of songs htey seem like that they are trying to just prolong the end and get the songs past the 6 or 7 minute barrier, that the album losses something from this. \\"Schism\\", should not have been the first single from this album as it is probaly one of the worse songs on the album.  I think the thing which keeps \\"Aenima\\" ahead of \\"Lateralus\\" is that \\"Lateralus\\" doesn't have that killer song, where other great albums do have this. This album stands out ahead of all the rap/metal...around nowadays, but i must say that i was a little dissapointed.
B00005B36H|5.0|This is an excellent album.  As always Tool bestows it's musical wizardry upon a music industry tarnished by the boy bands rock/rap and Carson Daly, who should be  Removed and replaced with a DJ with actual insight who will offer up more than just mindless kiddy pop rock.  The likes of innovative artists like Tool , Blues Traveler, Draft,  Radiohead and Bjork will hopefully save us from the last 4 yrs of chicanery.
B000059Z8J|3.0|Let me start off by saying that the video transfer is outstanding and any true fan of &quot;Superman: The Movie&quot; should snap it up.  With that said let me get to the reason I can't personally give this DVD release 5 stars.  <br />Audio wise this version blows aways all previous home video versions of the film.  Still, the dialogue track at times sounds a bit flat in comparison to both the music track and new foley track (which I personally have no problem with at all).<br />The layer switch point is a bit akward and points out a minor print flaw that at normal speed would not be visable.  A better switch point would have been immediately following the air force one sequence (which would not have had affected either the commentary track or the music only track).<br />The deleted scenes section is beyond skimpy with only two scenes, this is a DVD-18 release and the supplemental section is not exacly what you'd call packed with goodies.  Call it a hunch but I'm sure all of the unused scenes could have been included (note: the &quot;Jaws&quot; DVD was single sided and featured a far more generous offering of outakes and deleted scenes).<br />With all of that said I still recomend that you purchase this DVD version of &quot;Superman: The Movie&quot; for your DVD collection.  :)
B000001GBJ|5.0|I came across this cd from a coworker and fell in love with the spiritual harmony of it all. Being a massage therapist, I play it every chance I get...it sends the client and myself into a whole other dimension of being...this is a must to have cd!
6305922756|5.0|Rob Reiner's This is Spinal Tap is one of the funniest movies of all time period.  Let alone funniest movie about Rock and Roll.  This is the perfect send-up of big stadium rock bands from the seventies and eighties.  From the gigantic skull prop to the double neck bass, this movie captures everything that is humorous about heavy metal bands on tour.   Most of the humor is subtle though, so this might not appeal to a Chris Farley or Adam Sandler fan.  But for many, this film will have you rolling in the aisles.  <br />The DVD version is especially worth the value.  Besides the classic feature, you get over and hour of outtakes that makes up an alternate movie almost as funny as the original.  There's also a bunch of other add on's and special features like music videos, commentary, and trailers.  Buy it!
B00005B36H|5.0|This cd is Tools best by far.  It combines all of the sounds from thier previous albulms and adds a lot of new stuff two. the cd starts out with some melower songs like the grudge, eon blue, the patient, and schism.  These may be melower and slower but are still great exspecially the patient and schism.  The second half of the cd is awsome.  Parabola, disposition, and triad are heavier songs that are classic tool with a lot of undertow and opiate in them.  The three best songs on the cd are Ticks and leeches, reflection, and Lateralis.  Ticks and leeches is ulta heavy with maynard screaming through most of it.  Reflection is an epic with many mood changes.  Lateralis is the best overall track on the cd and also goes through many different emotions like most of tools songs.  This cd is amazing and words really can't describe it.  So if your sick of all of the copy cat bands and the one hit wonders out there right now then you can't go wrong with tool the greatest band in the world.
B00005BL2A|5.0|Ok, for one not easily impressed, I'm impressed.  This album is a turn to the past before Depeche Mode became the mainstream, and fell into the trap of keeping up with the U2's and REMers by putting out commercial pop in ULTRA and Songs of Faith and Devotion (Not that these were bad, just not what I wanted out of Depeche Mode).<br />DM has produced a new CD, reminicent of Black Celebration and Music for the Masses.  One song in particular, the haunting &quot;Dream On&quot;, is a continuation of the drug driven &quot;Never let me Down Again&quot; from Music for the Masses and the acoustic guiter of &quot;Personal Jesus&quot;.<br />At this point, I am still discovering all of the treasures locked inside this piece of plastic, but two other songs standout among the many noteworthy tracks.  The powerful &quot;I feel Loved&quot; and the electrifed &quot;Freelove&quot;.  Dave's resonant voice combined with Andy's dark, foreboding lyrics on this CD make for a classic Depeche Mode.  Break out the Doc Martins, this is a keeper for all of the modesters!
B00005BL2A|5.0|This is Depeche Mode at it's finest. Who would ever imagine that these techno gods would survive the music scene for the past two decades? Think again! Though there are no catchy songs that they used to sing, instead, expect to hear their music move on again to another level. The lyrics and melodies are very powerful and moving. They are simply the best!
B00003CXQY|5.0|I was going to see the movie in the theater but when I heard about all the changes that were made to the story, the music, the style, and the title over the past few years, I figured it couldn't be all that special. When my copy arrived on DVD I was expecting another simple buddy-buddy movie in the Disney tradition but nothing more. I could not have been more wrong. What I saw had me glued to the screen and sent me into convulsive laughing fits from start to finish. The story is incredibly simple but very endearing. The fact that there are only four primary characters does nothing to take away from the film itself since each are developed so well with such distinct personalities. David Spade, Eartha Kitt, Patrick Warburton, and John Goodman were all amazing and the voice acting made everything seem so spontaneous. The animation is very simple and while some have a problem with it I think the style and the color are actually very beautiful which complements the story perfectly--I applaud Disney for trying something new. There aren't any songs that you'll be humming at the end of the movie since there are no musical numbers (except for the Tom Jones song at the beginning which I didn't like, and the Sting song at the end which I did enjoy) but that is more than made up for by the humor and entertainment value throughout. In terms of comedy, this is easily the funniest Disney movie ever and is even up there with classic live-action comedies, even if it is only a cartoon. Some of the jokes had me laughing so hard I had to pause the DVD to keep from missing anything. And the timing, placement, and delivery of this humor was perfect, so it didn't leave you bored for long stretches. Because of this there's great replay value in the disc. My only complaint was that I wanted a third disc of extras. This is a different type of Disney movie, but different is certainly not a bad thing. While the title may leave you uninterested make sure you give the film a chance. After watching it you'll realize this is one of the best, funniest, and most underrated Disney films ever made.
B00005B36H|5.0|I couldnt help myself and downloaded this about a week before its release.  I at first was amazed out how each song goes into each one so it really flows well.  My favorite song so far would be The Patient and i really like Ticks and Leeches.  The only thing i dont like is the fact that every song is over 6 minutes and the 11th song really drags at points cuz it is over 11 minutes.
B00003CX5P|1.0|I am going to sum this up quickly!  I found the plot more than predictable: ridiculous, and way out there to ludicrous!  I mean how do you get into a castle?  The water way or the secret passages.  Fairy tale nonsense; but they used them both!!!!  That's just one example!!!  There is more: like the under water creature that gets them, and then the bigger creature that gets that the little one and in doing so saves them.  Come on?!  On top of all this!  Was the movie entirely acted by extras?!  Or does it just look like it?! And I will even hit the action!  That the action was horrendously botched by the actors dancing with their lightsabers rather than swatting at bullets, but the final blow to the action probably was the sense of boredom the actors portrayed.  Over all it was terrible with like I think two lines I liked, I think.  I could go on; but there is so much.  I won't!  Except I would like to say that the charm of the original Star Wars is all gone.<br />I loved the Original Trilogy though!  I say that was a masterpiece!
0823003035|5.0|This book is amazing,  I recommend this book to any artist that wants to learn the art of figure drawing.  It is the one of the best books I have ever read,  It has seven amazing chapters. All the techniques and chapters will help you become a better artist.  It teaches what made the great artistes so great.  It teaches you how to see small details of light and how it hits the models.  Trust me on this, it's a must have.
B00005B36H|5.0|I have been waiting for this album for 5 years.  The last release, AEnima, was a huge leap foreward for the group.  With their hard driven sound tinged at the edges with a softer more introspective tone \\"What was it like to see the face of your own stability...\\".  The theme of the band has always been the human condition.  The second album, Undertow, explored the realms of gaining experience (in this case mostly bad), it portrays growing up into a world of pain and deceit.  There are open warnings to those wary travellers who care to listen:  \\"This bog is thick and easy to get lost in, but your a stupid belligerent , I hope it sucks you down...\\" And the first album is a sheer wall of anger.  Frustration with sensorship \\"I can't say what I want to, even if im not serious\\", and a sense of trial by hanging \\"... I should play God, and shoot you myself!\\"<br />Lateralus is the next step foreward, nearly abandoning the pure emotion of hatred with the exception of the song Ticks and Leeches \\"Suck and suck and suckin all you can suckin all you can suck... My blood is bruised and borrowed, you theiving bastards...\\", the album moves into more introspective territory, with songs like Parabola and The Grudge \\"Grip it like a cornerstone. Otherwise it all comes down. So it seems with you my friend. Grip it to the lonesome end.\\"  I think the members are getting older and wiser, as well as becoming all around more polished musicians.  They have never sounded better together.  Adam Jones' guitar cascades down the tumbling rocks of Danny Carrey's Drums with bassist Justin Chancellor setting the mood and Maynard James Keenan telling the long winding story with his moody sultry vocals.  <br />TOOL is truly epic.  They started with a fast hard start and have only gotten better.  The music is enough to keep you entranced for hours and the lyrics are a puzzle of obvious statements and hidden meanings.  This is thought provoking entertainment at its best.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool is the best rock band out there!!! Their music is never a dissapointment.  This album is just a continuation of there already awsome epic.  Can't wait to see this album LIVE!!!
B0000508U6|5.0|I can't say much about this album, I can't go into an elaborate review because that goes against the nature of the album.  This isn't just a regular run-of-the-mill album.  This is an album that you listen to sitting on a park bench in the rain all alone.<br />It puts you in a certain mood as you listen to it; the mellow and melodic guitars seem like they make you more aware of your surroundings.  You can't really tell if you should be depressed, or happy.  And that's an interesting feeling to have, to say the least.
B000002IZ4|5.0|This is undoubtedly the best albulm EVER!  Not only does it have fast songs, but easy listens as well.  Scott's (the lead singer) talents in singing are shown in all the songs.  He can be hard-core grunge (Unglued, Vasoline, Army Ants), or soft and easy listening (Interstate Love Song, Pretty Penny, Kitchenware and Candybars), and everything in-between.  Whether you're into more of an alternative style, hard rock, or grunge EVERYONE should be pleased by this albulm.  The guitar solo of all guitar solos is included in this albulm (Silvergun Superman (my fav song)).  Intricate riffts mixed with thought-provoking lyrics make this the best albulm for STP and imo~of all time......This is DEFINATLEY and albulm that you will want to listen to non-stop year-round.
B000002U8G|5.0|Depending on my mood, this is one of my favorite Pink Floyd albums.  In my opinion this album is overlooked when compared to Dark Side of the Moon or The Wall.  I enjoy this album a little more because it is nice and relaxing and some of the songs are funner.
B000021XR5|4.0|No4 is a good albulm OVERALL.  Compared to most music that is out and about, this is at the top of the list, but for STP, this (imo) is their weakest albulm.  Sure, there are good songs, catchy songs etc. but the main problem is that there just isn't enough of it.  Compared to their first albulm, Core, the songs on No4 are less than half as long.  The only song that comes close to 4mins, is Atlanta.  Now, you might be saying it's quality, not quantity...but No4 is not lyrically up to par.  Sure, the songs might be thought evoking, maybe even heart-breaking; but, the message being sent is not that positive, and can actually put one in a depressing mood. <br />  For STP fans, you might be a little disappointed, but for others this is NOT a bad albulm.  I do reccomend it for those seeking a break from today's bubble-gum, sugar coated music scene...
B00005B36H|5.0|It's scary how good Tool is.  <br />They have to be the best band on the planet right now and should go down in history as one of the best ever, even if the majority of people have never heard of them. <br />Lateralus is a definite move forward from Aenima, having its own unique sound, but still remaining faithful to the overall Tool sound.<br />Five years was worth the wait.
B00005JG6Q|5.0|A must Buy! If you don't get this stop waisting time by reading online anime reviews cause U don't deserve to watch anime!
B000002H3E|5.0|After the Melodic Metal debut album, Breaking The Chains, and the much heavier follow up, Tooth And Nail, Dokken found a middle ground on Under Lock And Key.  Under Lock And Key features several of Dokken's best songs, including &quot;In My Dreams,&quot; &quot;It's Not Love,&quot; &quot;Unchain The Night,&quot; and &quot;The Hunter.&quot;  ULAK also features the rip roaring &quot;Lightning Strikes Again,&quot; one of their best &quot;fast and heavy&quot; songs, and &quot;Slippin' Away,&quot; the follow up to &quot;Alone Again&quot; from Tooth And Nail.  &quot;Slippin' Away&quot; is actually almost as good as &quot;Alone Again.&quot;  The production on ULAK is excellent, with a GREAT guitar tone and a great mix.  For a combination of power and melody with some great hooks you can't find anything better than Under Lock And Key.  As good?  Maybe.  But not better.  -(And if you like this one, check out Alice Cooper's Hey Stoopid CD, KISS' Asylum CD, and Ratt's Dancing Undercover CD.)
B00005B36H|5.0|This album is so impressive that I find it hard to believe that this is only the third studio release (minus side projects and live material) from Tool.  Instrumentally, this album is heavy, yet maintains the melodious nature that fans of Circle will enjoy.  Good to see that intellectual music is still being created in the world of metal.  I won't even go into a track by track description; this is the type of album you should just flat out buy and listen to without any preconceived expectations, and let Tool simply amaze you.
B00005BL2A|4.0|May 14th, and yes I had to buy the CD as soon as it came out.  The album is very minimalistic, moody and dark at times. Then \\"I Feel Loved\\" just booms out of nowhere with a nice beat (future single perhaps?) and would be perfect for the danceclub and MTV (show the viewers who Daft Punk, MOBY and Fatboy Slim got thier sound from....) This track is fantastic and I can picture the crowd hopping up and down during the concert tour this summer...<br />I love the dark, spy-theme-like subtle guitar on \\"Breathe\\" and some of the other tracks (DM should do the next Bond theme). <br />Overall, a great album with some new direction that fits very well within thier discography. Fans who wanted another \\"Enjoy The Silence\\" or \\"Everything Counts\\" may take awhile to get used to it, but the album will not disappoint.....
B00005B36H|5.0|Well, they did it again.<br />When I first listened to this CD, I never really cared for it... but, as with all of tool's stuff, once you listen to it a few times, you will start to absolutley love it.<br />Can't recommend enough that you buy this CD... it is truly an instant classic.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is one of only two movies that I have ever seen THREE times in the theater...and, since I bought it on DVD a year ago, I have probably seen it a total of at least 10 times by now.  It is a movie that draws you in, not just with its mind-boggling special effects, but also with its underlying story.  The story is so neatly woven into it all, and the whole film is so fast-paced, that on first (or even third) viewing, it's difficult to be able to follow it all.  Sorry, all you &quot;dissenters&quot; out there, but if you didn't like this film, then you obviously just didn't get it.<br />I'm a relatively smart moviegoer, but I did not totally get all the details in the entire movie myself, the first few times around.  I loved it the very first time I saw it, and I knew that it was a great, groundbreaking film.  But honestly, I got maybe about 40% of what was going on.  I began to lose track of what was happening after Neo takes the red pill.  Fortunately, this movie works on so many levels, that it can even be enjoyed on the level of a high-tech, high-kickin', sci-fi-action thriller.  But something about this film intrigued me so much, the way &quot;The X-Files&quot; on TV used to intrigue me.<br />The second time I saw THE MATRIX, I was up to about 60% in my understanding of it.  At this point, I got most of the major details, (like what happens after Neo takes the red pill) but I still didn't fully understand exactly what the agents, or the sentinels, were.  On my thrid viewing, I finally got this point, but I wouldn't say that I got 100% of it--I got maybe up to 90%.  But everytime I have seen it since, it adds something new to my understanding of the incredible world of THE MATRIX.  This is the mark of a GREAT FILM:  One that makes you want to come back for more, even when you don't understand everything in it, and gives you something new every single time you see it.<br />THE MATRIX was great to see in the theater, but it is an even greater experience on DVD.It was cool on the big screen, but on DVD the film is much sharper (it almost makes you think that your TV set is HDTV), and it has all the great extras that you would expect from a DVD--plus many great ones that you WOULDN'T expect.  Besides the great behind-the-scenes documentary &quot;HBO First Look: Making the Matrix,&quot; you get the incredible feature &quot;Take the red pills to view two hidden special effects documentaries: &quot;What is Bullet Time?&quot; and &quot;What is the Concept?&quot;&quot; which delves much more into what the special effects are and how they are accomplished.  Plus, there is the feature that allows you to see the film and, at certain points, a &quot;white rabbit&quot; pops up on the lower right-hand corner of the screen.  If you click &quot;ENTER&quot; on your remote while the white rabbit is up on the screen, you get taken to a mini-behind-the-scenes-featurette on exactly how they made that particular scene (this is NOT taken out of the HBO behind-the-scenes feature.  It's pretty incredible!  Of course, the Commentary by Carrie-Anne Moss, editor Zach Staenberg and visual effects supervisor John Gaeta is also very cool. Overall, it's like nothing I've ever seen before.  I can't wait for THE MATRIX 2, or whatever its title will be, to come out!!<br />Bottom line to all this: If you loved the movie, you'll go ga-ga over the DVD!!!!
0767802470|4.0|This movie is 209 minutes, but don't let that scare you. This movie is very good and has a great ending it totally surprised me. The acting is top notch and the sound and picture on the DVD are excellent. It is impressive to see how they did some of the effects in this movie considering the movie was mode in 1982! The movie does become quite tense at points with the crew trying desperately trying to fix the submarine. I only knew one of the actors from the movie. The movie is dubbed in English and when you put on the subtitles they really don't match what the people are saying? The director has made movies like, &quot;In the Line of Fire&quot; and &quot;Air Force One&quot;, which are both great movies and have a lot more action than this movie. Even though this movie doesn't have that much action it has a great storyline. Get in a comfortable chair and sit back and relax and enjoy this movie.
1883010039|5.0|As a new weaver, I found this book to be an incredible storehouse of good, reliable information.  I read it cover to cover before I ever even laid eyes on my loom.  Armed with that book, I felt completely prepared to start my first project the evening my loom arrived.
B00005BL2A|4.0|Exciter is DM's first entry into the new millenium. They have faced drug habits, fully packed stadiums, no Rolling Stone cover, praise from Trent Reznor, Billy Corgan and others and they still make good music. I have been a fan of DM - and it's my fav band since i was 13, now i am 26 - and they have Never Let Me Down. Exciter is all about atmospheres and sensuality. You know, this is not the Violator or Songs Of Faith Ande Devotion Depeche Mode, this is a band that is integrated by three guys that run families with children and things aren't the same as they were back in the 80s, so DM have gone for the more classy sound instead of the let's-rock -again attitude that a lot of bands from the 80s think they should get now. Exciter is the perfect soundtrack for making love. It's still has rock moments like the impressive Dead Of Night with it's NIN-Meets-DM edge and the bluesy and sinister Sweetest Condition. It still has danceable tracks like the Enjoy-The-Silence-like I Feel Loved, but above it all Exciter relies on it's sounds which never cease to amaze. It's not the band's best, but it shows that they haven't lost their will to change into a new skin with every album they release. Mark Bell did an impressive job by messing with the band's sound. This record may sound like Ultra with a more electronic approach to it, and it pays.
B00005BL2A|1.0|First off, I think Depeche Mode is great. I love mostly all of the albums. They each have there own unique quality and sound that makes them unique. I had a hard time dealing with Ultra at first, but then it eventually grew on me. I unfortunately can not say the same for Exciter, which came out less then 24 hours ago. I know eveyone will say I'll probably grow into this one too and that I'm jumping the gun, but personallly I don't think I am. I have tickets to the show in New York and look forward to hearing the old favorites any Depeche Mode fan has grown to love and call there own. I guess when Dave or Martin starts to bellow out one of the choir tunes from Exciter, which the exception of &quot;Shine&quot; and &quot;I Feel Loved&quot;, I guess it will be time for me to go to the bathroom... or perhaps even better... get an early jump on that beer line so I can enjoy old school DM during the encores. Bottom line, doen't waste your money on this one, but don't miss the tour this summer...
B00005B36H|5.0|This CD is easily the most ambitious and mature work that Tool have ever recorded, and in my personal opinion it is their best audio nightmare to date!  It is also the most difficult out of all of their recordings to listen to all the way straight through in one sitting... It is the kind of album that you must take in small doses!  Not to mention that this album just has so much going on and so many hidden layers that you will have to listen to it at least five or six times before you will be able to even begin absorbing everything that it has to offer... now, don't get me wrong... I'm not saying that you won't love it on the first listen... I'm just saying that the sheer magnitude of it is extremely intimidating and even terrifying at some points along the way !  I guess what I'm saying is that you should buy this album as soon as possible, but... BE AFRAID... BE VERY AFRAID!!!!
B00005BL2A|1.0|First off, I think Depeche Mode is great. I love mostly all of the albums. They each have there own unique quality and sound that makes them a DM album. I had a hard time dealing with Ultra at first, but then it eventually grew on me. I unfortunately can not say the same for Exciter, which came out less then 24 hours ago. I know eveyone will say I'll probably grow into this one too and that I'm jumping the gun, but personallly I don't think I am. I have tickets to the show in New York and look forward to hearing the old favorites any Depeche Mode fan has grown to love and call there own. I guess when Dave or Martin starts to bellow out one of the choir tunes from Exciter, with the exception of &quot;Shine&quot; and &quot;I Feel Loved&quot;, I guess it will be time for me to run to the bathroom... or perhaps even better... get an early jump on that beer line so I can enjoy old school DM during the encores. Bottom line, don't waste your money on this one, but I wouldn't miss the tour this summer...definitely a good time.
B00005ARDC|5.0|I don't have much to add to what the other reviewers have written, but - if you like any or all of these, BUY THIS!! - The Jesus &amp; Mary Chain, Spacemen 3, The Dandy Warhols, Velvet Underground circa &quot;White Light...&quot;, My Bloody Valentine's &quot;Isn't Anything&quot;, The Ramones circa &quot;Too Tough to Die&quot; and more...you'll love this.  Took two listens and I was hooked.  B.R.M.C. is not a mere copy of the above bands, because they do come up with some new sonics.  The lyrics are almost worthy of &quot;Psychocandy&quot; on several songs.  It is my favorite album of 2001, so far.  Black Box Recorder's &quot;Facts of Life&quot; (much different than this) is 2nd.  If you like the  B.R.M.C. sound, I also recommend The Auteurs &quot;After Murder Park&quot; (crunchy fuzzy sound), and Baader Meinhoff, which is not fuzzy at all, but SO MENACING and unique - a concept album about a real German terrorist group!  Plus Luke Haines is the man behind Black Box Recorder, The Auteurs, and Baader Meinhoff.  But back to the topic here, B.M.R.C. are not some 2nd rate put together to look cool band like Buckcherry, and they are WAY better than The Mighty Lemondrops, who were a good, but a poor man's JAMC.  This is the real deal.
B00005B36H|4.0|It's obvious Tool has always striven for complexity, but this time they've nearly outdone themselves. Staccato drumming, surprising song structures, tempo changeups, power chords that appear out of nowhere; even Maynard's vocals get lost in the chaos sometimes. The plaintive melodies so apparent in much of Aenima are hard to find here -- maybe Maynard used them all up in his A Perfect Circle project -- but if you're looking for music with strength, conviction, and integrity, you could do a lot worse than Lateralus. The music is dense and relentless and may take a few listens to fully appreciate: keep this in mind. But all in all, well done, Tool. Thanks for another great album.
B00000DR5I|5.0|This was the FIRST CD that I ever bought, when cd's first came out,(yes I am an old geezer). This album is IT. There is no finer music ever produced by a group using synths. If you buy only one TD CD, make this the one.
B00005B36H|5.0|Let me preface this by saying that as a Tool fan my preferences lean more toward &quot;Aenima&quot; than &quot;Undertow&quot; unlike a lot of people I talk to. Anyway...<br />Tool has deffinitly taken a new direction with this album. That said, it is now clear that the &quot;Salival&quot; CD was clearly an intro into the new style since the new album is more like it than any of the previous offerings. If you like the first single (Schism) then you won't be dissapointed. The whole album flows in that vein.<br />My favorite tracks right now are &quot;Schism,&quot; &quot;Parabola,&quot; &quot;Lateralis,&quot; and &quot;Triad.&quot; So check those out first if you are still skeptical. At the same time, this album is greater than the sum of its parts. Tracks flow together, sometimes in a continual mix, but not always. So make sure you listen to the whole thing through before making any big judgement calls based on one or two tracks (this in contrast to most CDs that are a collection of clearly individual songs).<br />The second time I listened through the disc I was sitting in my recliner at home and had it playing on my roommate's HDCD player (since this disc is mixed in that format). I closed my eyes and for the first time ever music generated images in my minds eye. It was surreal to say the least. And no, I was not using drugs, it was just the music.
0896760278|5.0|I can't stress how great this book is (like her others!) the accuracy of the patterns and the detail that is given makes them wonderful. If you want to sew the clothing (and adjust the patterns to a fit, I don't recommend this book for beginners. It is for those who are experienced at the art of sewing. Otherwise, it's great to see how some of the effects were gotten. Some of the patterns also include methods of construction.... Wonderful!
B00005B36H|5.0|The godfathers of good hardcore music are back with lateralus. This cd surpases my high expectations for this LONG awaited cd, but let me assure you it was most definately worth the wait. Don't worry you won't here any weak overly produced, underwritten hardcore that has been topping the charts these past few months. You can tell Tool spent painstaiking hours to get every signle note of this cd to sound perfect, and that they did. If you are a fan of tool, you probably have already snagged a copy of this gem, but if you are teetering on whether you should or shoulnd't buy this cd, BUY IT!!!!!!!!!
6305342776|4.0|As many have mentioned, this is truely a mixed bag.  Good -- special effects, music (the music during the shootout with the century robots excepted.  That part sounds like it was dubbed in at the last minute), and both Max's (Maximilian Snell, and Maximillian the robot).  The not-so-good -- Vincent and Bob (1/2 R2D2 and 1/2 C3PO), the century robots who are clumsy and stupid looking, and the ridiculous lapses in basic science.  This was fun to watch again; I loved it when it came out in 1979, but I doubt I would like it now without seeing it in my childhood...<br />The ending was ambigious, but cool, IMHO.  When Dr. Reinhardt goes to hell and he &quot;merges&quot; with Max, he's being encased in a robotic form similar to what he did with the original crew (the humaniod robots).  This seems to imply a view of a God which punishes the wicked after death in a way suitable to the person's trangressions during their physical life.  Notice the Doctor didn't merely perish in a fiery hell; he was punished in a manner similar to the way he murdered the crew.  At least that's what the movie seemed to be saying to me.<br />BTW, my dvd didn't come with the widescreen format, even though the keep-case indicates it has the widescreen and the full screen formats...
B00005JG6U|5.0|Ok, This movie blew me away.  I saw it quite a while ago when it made the independant run in my city, and I just recently got the DVD.  Not sure how, I just went into a store and saw it on the racks...it's not supposed to be out for 2 weeks.  ANYWAYS...the movie is brilliant, and the DVD isn't a disapointment.  The transfer is amazing, and the features are really great.  The &quot;Anatomy of a Scene&quot; special from the Sundance Channel is really great.  The commentary by Aronofsky (who is a film genious...Pi was one of the most brilliant movies ever made) is really great.  I just love this movie, and the DVD was definately not a let-down.  The &quot;deleted Scenes&quot; aren't much though.  They are just different angled shots of scenes...and even though they weren't used in the movie, they really don't serve much purpose.  BUT, it IS interesting to see a little more into Aronofsky's mind and how he wanted this movie to look.  I feel that he made a perfect film here.  Disturbed me more than any other movie I have EVER seen...I will never forget it.
B0000584V3|5.0|After hearing the hype concerning this band, I decided to give their latest album a listen at a local music store. After picking my jaw back off the floor, I purchased the CD. This album exceeded my expectations. If you are the type of music fan who must have it fast, heavy, and loud all the time, then walk away from Opeth, but if you like music that can crush you with heaviness one moment, then surround you with cold atmospheres are haunting melodies the next. This album mixes death/doom metal with shades of progressive and dark psychedelic rock. There's nothing pop here, just a musical journey that will require your full attention and repeated listens to absorb like good progressive music should, but will give you plenty of head-banging moments also.<BR>Another reason I love this album is because it also features some major contributions from Steven Wilson. Wilson is the singer/guitarist/songwriter for the phenomenal British modern psychedelic band Porcupine Tree. Most of the clean vocals are done by Wilson as well as some extra guitars, piano and production. He seems to have acted like a guest \\"fifth band member\\" on this album, and if you are familiar with Porcupine Tree, you can really hear it throughout the album. In fact, if you love this album, I suggest you immediately go get either \\"Lightbulb Sun\\" or \\"Stupid Dreams\\" by Porcupine Tree. Its not metal, but Porcupine Tree can get kinda heavy at times, and they are never boring. Porcupine Tree is progressive/psych-rock in the vein of Pink Floyd in their early to mid 70s creative heyday.
B00005BL2A|3.0|Being a longtime Depeche Mode fan, I have been anticipating the new release for quite a while.  I currently am in Germany, and went to the record store w/ the intent to purchase the latest CD before my friends could buy it back home in the States.  However, after spending some time at the listening station, I walked away empty handed.<br />After listening to the radio release \\"Dream On,\\" I expected that the rest of the CD would be similar and there would be a progressive mix of electronica and traditional instruments.  When listening to the CD, it became painfully obvious why this track was released - there really were not any other good tracks.  Most of the songs are slow, and Enya is more likely to be played in clubs rather than songs from this new DM CD (excluding \\"Dream On\\").<br />Aside from \\"Dream On\\", picking other good songs would be difficult. I guess my 2nd favorite would be &quot;Any Day&quot; or \\"The Sweetest Condition,\\" though even in this song I only like certain parts.  As far as bad songs, there were to many to list, and I'll leave that list up to you.<br />This album was not worth the wait. -michael k
B00005BL2A|5.0|I've never bought a CD on the Monday night before it is actually released.  You know, the freaks that wait at record stores at midnight so they can be the FIRST to own the new CD.  Well last night I was one of those people, and boy am I proud.  With Exciter, Depeche Mode has not only once again reinvented their sound and style, they have somehow managed to remain true to all the passion, soaring melodies, simple yet intricate lyrics, and ever so powerful voice of Dave Gahan.  <br />How do they do it?  Well, they are artists in the truest form, and it's a shame they might not always get the respect they deserve.  80s synth-pop no more, these guys have transcended just about every stereotype imaginable, both musically and personally.  After 1997's &quot;Ultra&quot; I figured that would be the last we would hear for a great while, and I was ok with that because &quot;Ultra&quot; was their most emotional and ingenious album to date.  But now this.  Now this.  It's almost too soon to be great again...but they are.  <br />The catchy &quot;Dream On&quot; leads things off, and it's classic DM.  Great beats and haunting lyrics.  Yet somewhat sweet too, i.e. &quot;can you feel a little love&quot;...of course we can Dave.  The harmonious beats and melodies stream through &quot;Shine&quot; and &quot;Sweetest Condition&quot;, then we are slowed down a bit with the beautiful &quot;When the Body Speaks&quot;.  Gahan's voice is featured prominently, with little music behind him, and we are in for a real treat here folks.  Throughout the entire disc, Gahan's voice has NEVER sounded better, never more clear, more gentle.  At one moment he is attacking us with &quot;The Dead of Night&quot;, then one track later he is serenading us with &quot;Freelove&quot;, offering up his heart, his soul, &quot;No hidden catch, no strings attached&quot;.  <br />More treasures lie in the next few tracks, notably an up tempo rollercoaster ride, &quot;I Feel Loved&quot;.  I surely see that as a single to release.  Then they close with &quot;Goodnight Lovers&quot;.  And this song honestly had me in tears.  NO-I am not someone that cries listening to music, if ever, but this song struck me I guess.  Maybe it's the lyrics, maybe it's the vocal range from Gahan that I never thought I would hear, but it works tremendously.  It almost sounds like something you'd see in a musical or some sort of tragic performance, the hero/heroine giving his final speech, &quot;You can take your time..I'll be waiting in line....&quot;  Martin Gore makes it all seem so easy, he has once again outdone himself. (It's only a shame he didn't get to lend his vocals on this one).  <br />Sure I'm a fan.  I always have been.  And people might think I can't be objective.  Maybe they're right.  But I'm a fan because I enjoy well crafted music, always have, so I suppose this album fits the criteria I look for in an album.  It actually surpasses it.  And I'm comfortable enough to recommend it to anyone who likes to be entertained, moved, and affected by good music.  Heck I'd even recommend it to my mom, who worships The Beatles and Streisand...it's just great music folks.  DM fans rejoice, and new fans get excited...&quot;Exciter&quot; delivers.
B00005B36H|5.0|I picked up Lateralus today on its release date, and it is amazing. This is the only CD I've ever heard that even comes close to topping AEnima. Buy it. Buy it now!
B00005B36H|5.0|I would not use the word 'topped' to describe what Lateralus has done to nima, but it definately shows that their music and sound has grown. The lyrics are deeper and more in touch with spirituality and the universal force, not that nima didn't have deep, touching lyrics (for me anyways, it's been my favorite album for many years). Maynard speaks of the spirit, the body, amd their pure relationship, about experiencing nirvana, about being human, about the gift that is the human body, and more over realizing that you are one with the universe. The guitar and drums strike with fierocity, while the bass sets a mood. I would recommend this album to anyone, even non-metal/rock fans. It is an album for open-minded people, and should be looked upon as a great work of art. Furthermore, it should be used as a 'tool' to realize the simplicity of life, how precious it is, and the joys that can come of it. Tool deserves these 5 stars.
014028009X|3.0|Embarass herself the way Bridget Jones does. If you read it as a good story that has various homages to Pride &amp; Prejudice contained in it, then it's fine, great, a plesant thing to read on the beach or on a plane (which is where I read it the first time). But if you read it for a full-fathom retelling of Austen's P&amp;P, you won't get it. Clueless is closer to Emma, Cruel Intentions closer to Les Liasons Dangerous, but while BJD may be inspired by P&amp;P, it's not close to it.
B00005BL2A|4.0|What is typical of DM music? Old fans will probably say: heavy synth arrangement, catchy rhythm, lyrics that doesn't really make sense but rhymes perfectly. However, this conventional understanding of DM music does not apply to this album...not at all. In 'Exciter', DM abandons its trademark style that has made it so popular during the 80s and 90s to experiment with a more ambient and moodier synth arrangement that has a touch of industrial, rock and even jazz. On the first listening, old fans will probably feel betrayed and disappointed. Gone are the dancy synth rhythms. The whole album is dominated by slower tracks with the exception of the industrial-sounding 'The Dead of Night' (an 'I Feel You' sounding track which almost has a touch of N.I.N) and the only upbeat tune ('I Feel Loved') which actually sounds nothing like their traditional fast tunes. Nonetheless, this album builds slowly upon the listener. The moody arrangement on 'Dream On', 'When the Body Speaks', 'Freelove' and 'Goodnight Lovers' actually works perfectly with Dave's voice. 'Breathe' is also an interesting track featuring Martin on vocals with a jazzy background. On the whole, this album presents a fresh new sound for DM, except it's a 'moodier' Mode rather than an 'exciter'.
0060245867|4.0|Felicia Bond has a book that works for kids in the 2-5 age set.  This is a nice story that leads from one object to another (&quot;if you give the mouse a cookie, he's going to want some milk.  If you give him some milk, he's going to want a napkin&quot; etc., etc.)<br />The art is well drawn and holds my kid's attention well.  The story is whimsical and teaches about twenty objects (milk, cookie, crayon, tape, pillow, etc.) to young kids.  They memorize the lines fairly quickly and the book can help with sight reading for the pre-school set.<br />If you give this book to your child, he's probably going to want you to read it over and over again.
B00000K2SC|1.0|My god--over 2,000 reviews for this movie!?...and most of them raves? Maybe we really do live in a society run by artificial intelligence, as this grossly overrated movie's convoluted plot suggests.<br />There were some promising ideas in this movie, such as the notion that artificial intelligence evolved from humankind's own creation, into nature's way of eliminating the blight that humankind has become on mother earth. Fascinating concept, but with its glut of overblown special effects ultimately lapsing into SciFi cheese, and plot turns folding in on themselves until they collapse under their own weight, this movie was just another glaring example of Hollywood 2000: self indulgent FX, convolluted plots, mostly crummy music, and a movie at least a half hour too long for its storyline, finally culminating in a lousy ending. When Hollywood finally learns that &quot;less is more&quot; it may very well be one of the final signs of the apocalypse. Sometimes I long for the days when they could make a good 90-minute movie (and I'm really not that old). <br />This movie actually got my interest back, and lost it again, at least twice over the course of the circuitous storyline, but too often fell back on old SciFi cliches, lengthy explanatory soliloquys to TELL what the convoluted plot couldn't possibly SHOW, and flashy special FX, all of which made me long for one of those good old half hour Twilight Zone, &quot;is reality just a dream&quot; episodes.  I am not nearly as much of a movie buff as my wife (she thought it sucked, too, though), and my idea of good SciFi is old TZ, 2001: A Space Odyssey, and Planet of the Apes, but I think this is may be the worst SciFi movie I've seen in at least 20 years.<br />At one point, at just before the two hour mark in the movie, I said to my wife, who was almost dozing by that time, &quot;Okay, this has almost become a decent movie, but if it goes on for another half hour, it sucks.&quot; She said, &quot;You know it will, they're notgoing to end it here.&quot; Sure enough, a half hour later I'm looking at another stupid, non sequitur Hollywood ending--all-too-appropriately accompanied by some &quot;Nu Metal&quot; crap for end title music. What I find much more societally unsettling than this movie's scenario, is that so many people thought this movie was great. I wonder how many of those people were able to follow the storyline at all; and how many just liked it because of the glut of FX, the idea of artificial intelligence taking over reality, and yet another in a long line of Nu Metal and Industrial-dominated soundtracks. The REAL Matrix is an entertainment industry that keeps feeding stuff like this to an audience that just keeps mindlessly saying, &quot;Thank you, sir, might I have another?&quot;
0060229357|5.0|This is a neat book unlike others that I bet are in your kid's collection.<br />The author has produced an ode to every child's imagination.  Harold, the only character, produces a fantasy world by drawing his story with his purple crayon.  Sinking in the ocean?  Harold draws a boat.  Falling off a mountain? Harold draws a hot-air balloon to take him to safety.  Need directions in the big city?  Harold draws a policeman to help point the way home.<br />That's all there is to this nice little book.  A boy and a lot of stick and outline figures drawn in purple crayon.  It works
B00005B36H|2.0|I bought the album this morning, and I've been listening to it most of the day.  It's loaded with repeated rifs and heavy guitar and continuous and monotonous &quot;songs&quot;.  They all seem to blend together and relfect a lot of the same sounds of the last album, AEnima.  I loved AEnima.  But, Lateralus doesn't even come close.  It's kinda like a really poor re-mix.  It's just endless, repeated sound.  After such a long delay between releases, I would have expected something a lot more unique and desireable.  It sounds like they put out this album for the sole purpose of putting out an album.  Unimpressive at best.
B000006NPY|5.0|Like many others i had anticipated this ablum ever since my purchase of Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness. I had awaited another mellon collie or another siamese dream what i got was something totally different and unique. As with all the pumpkins ablums each one has its own life and offers a unique perspective on love, happeness, loss and the world as a whole. This ablum was no different but when i popped it in the cd player for the first time i found myself skipping through the tracks and found myself growing upset that the pumpkins had released this pile of garbage. I put the cd up and didnt listen to it for a good month before i decided to give it another try and listen to it and what i found was a definitive heartbeating tear jerking masterpeice. There it was i realized a person's soul on a cd. It was different. It wasnt what i expected. It wasnt just another rock ablum, but i gave it a chance and it spoke to my heart like the other pumpkins ablums had. Perhaps it spoke in a different language, but the message was still there and it was beautiful. So any of you that feel that this ablum is not worthy of the pumpkins then give it another listen you might find out otherwise. It takes a moment to \\"get\\" it but its well worth the listen. One word to describe this ablum MASTERPEICE!
B00000JGOJ|5.0|When most movies boast of an &quot;all-star cast,&quot; what they usually mean is 2, maybe 3 big name actors + a bunch of people you've never heard of.  Not so with this film.  With the likes of Dennis Quaid, Sean Connery, Madeline Stowe, Gillian Anderson and Angelina Jolie, this one truly lives up to the promise of having a celebrity-filled cast.  They could have funded the first manned mission to Mars with the payroll of this movie.  Even better, these are all cream-of-the-crop actors, as opposed to being big-name pseudo actors (like Keanu Reeves, for instance).<br />The story is about 3 sisters (Stowe, Anderson &amp; Jolie), all of whom experience various troubles regarding men.  Stowe's character is involved in a passionless marriage; the only way she can feel alive &amp; vibrant is by engaging in a lascivious sexual arrangement with a fellow apartment tenant.<br />Anderson plays the sister &quot;in the middle&quot; who has been burned by men in her past &amp; is apprehensive and more than a little bit reluctant to &quot;play the field&quot; again.<br />Jolie's persona, meanwhile, just plain can't seem to find the right guy.  She goes thru frequent romances, but never finds a worthwhile partner to hang on to.<br />In the meantime, their parents are having their own marital troubles.  Closing in on their 40th wedding anniversary, they cannot help but summon up ghosts of past lovers.<br />The tale is presented in a very different way than any other film I have ever seen.  We see the characters deal with their individual struggles, then their stories are woven together at the end.  This is a fascinating &quot;angle&quot; by which to detail the narrative.<br />The film is very well done &amp; all of the acting performances, as expected with this ensemble, are impeccable.  Jolie, in particular, stands out.  The acting job she delivers is magnificent;  I become a bigger &amp; bigger fan of her's each movie I see her in.  This is one of the best &quot;date&quot; movies I have ever seen;  funny, yet emotionally poignant.  Sometimes, it's best to play by heart.ies I have ever seen;  funny, yet emotionally poignant.  Sometimes, it's best to play by heart.
B00003CXAY|5.0|I saw Koyaanisquatsi as a teenager in the mid 80's, on a public television station, quite by chance.  I was flipping through the channels when the time-lapse photography caught my eye.  I didn't know what I was watching, but as I continued to watch it became apparent that this was much more than just a collection of neat-o film clips.  It contained a message about the earth and man's effect on it...but more than that it really conveyed a feeling of tremendous interconnectedness...  By the end of the film I was very moved and impressed and vowed that one day I would have a copy of the film for myself so I could show others.  Since then DVD's have become popular, and I can't imagine a more fitting film for the format.  With digital sound for the music, and a crystal-clear picture for the great satilite shots, it's a beautiful thing.  Who makes these decisions whether or not to release an old film on DVD?  And to that person/group:  What are you thinking?  RELEASE KOYAANISQUATSI ON DVD!
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool has done it again.  Creating yet another great album destine to top the others.  I knew that this album was going to be great when my friend handed over a copy of schism to me in the end of april.  But i did not know just how incredible this album was until today.  Tool explores regions of music never known to man at first listen it seemed to be sort of strange and repetitive but that all changed even before listening to it a second time. Now having listened to it 6 times since 10 o'clock today I have to say I love it.  The songs go from a melodic almost Perfect Circleish sound in the Patient to a heavy percussion driven, hard core sound in Ticks and Leaches. This is quite possibly one of the best albums ever written putting Tool with the likes of Pink Floyd and every other rock legend. So if you are tired of the same old crap get this cd it will blow you away.
B00005B36H|5.0|If you are a fan of tool, then buy this album. It is as good as Aenima, if not better... and I'm not kidding.  This album is great.  The bass playing is superb.  I have no more to say, except: BUY IT!
B00005ASOC|5.0|For those of you who are interested in the special features contained on this DVD, the DVD contains the following features:<br />- HBO Making of &quot;Finding Forrester&quot;<br />- Found: Rob Brown Featurette<br />- Deleted Choir Scenes<br />- Theatrical Trailers for &quot;Finding Forrester&quot;, &quot;Fly Away Home&quot;, &quot;To Die For&quot; and &quot;First Knight&quot;<br />- Talent Files<br />- Production Notes<br />- Interactive Menu<br />- English and French SUbtitles<br />- English 5.1 (DD) and 2.0 (DS), French 2.0 (DS)<br />- 2.35 Anamorphic Widescreen<br />Hope this helps.
B00005AUBA|4.0|With this release, Mogwai moves one step closer from  bands like Godspeed You Black Emperor!, Labradford and a Silver Mt Zion..I purchased this ready for an all out ROCK action, but certainly not ready for this. Tempos have slowed down, acoustic instruments (are the trumpet for reals ? do i hear a banjo ?) arise from the rumble, voices are samples in backwards loop, and songs slowly build up and fade away. A perfect album for long evening before the summer, long drives on monotonous yet ever changing highways. Canada invades Great Britain, next up, they'll team up with Low, Godspeed and Labradford and play at the G.MEX !
B00005B36H|5.0|This album is a very natural extension of aenima. It is also probably Tool's most personal album so far. The tracks are extremely varied, but the album manages to remain completely cohesive. My only beef is the packaging. The Mylar sleeve is kind of junky, and I'm guessing it will rip in a matter of days. However, since that has nothing to do with the music, I'm not really concerned. We had to wait a long time for this album, but it was well worth the wait. If you are a Tool fan, then go and buy this album right now.
B00005B36H|5.0|This album is absolutely amazing.  Like nothing I have heard before..  Maynard lifts you upon floating, elegant lyrics over Danny's tribal drum beats, then drops you onto Justin and Adam's grinding, neck wrenching riffs.  These 4 are pushing music to new levels... new sounds, tweaking sounds, twisting sounds, twisting entire tracks...  Recorded in HDCD for the ultimate listening experience.
B00005AFVR|5.0|My love Will Not Let you Down: Fantastic.  Prove It All Night: The guy doesn't need to proove anything, he's the boss. Two Hearts: I wish I was there. Atlantic City: I'm not gay but I'd meet him in Atlantic City anyday. Mansion on the Hill: The guy probably owns 20 mansions on the Hill. The River: The guy is a genius. Youngstown: Without a doubt one of the most memorable music moments in history. Murder Incorporated: Amazin'. Badlands: Nothin' bad about the concert at all. Out in the Street: The lady who got to kiss him prooved that Bruce is an audience loving guy. Born to Run: Classic.<br />10th Avenue Freeze-Out: Masterpiece. Land of Hope and Dreams: Gonna right some more of these Bruce? 41 Shots: Another amazin' new song. Lost in the flood: Hopefully this what will happen to all the silly boybands etc. Born in the USA: He certainly was. Don't look back: Look to the future with more new songs. Jungleland: &quot;DOWN IN JUNGLELAND!!!!&quot;. Ramrod: Rock 'n' Roll. If I should Fall Behind: We'll all wait for you Bruce!
B00005B36H|5.0|I own and have heard all of Tool's albums.  Most people I know either liked Aenema or Undertow the most of Tool's albums, but they don't like both of them at the same time.  Well, I think for people that would like to have a mixture of both, and hear Tool at their best, than those people need to pick up this album.  It is the best Tool to date.  If we have to wait another 5 years for the next Tool album in 2006 (let's hope not), then this offering will defintely hold us over for a lot of those years if not all of them.
B00005B36H|5.0|Unbelievable!  I had high expectations to begin with, but this album even exceeded those.  Tool never seizes to amaze.  Highly recommend!!!!
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park is sick. They are now my favorite band. After downloading literally every song off their album (plus some that aren't) I went out and bought the CD. In CD song order (from best to least best) I like # 8, 5, 4, 12, 9, 6, 1, 7, 10, 2, 3, and 11. I put #11 last because it is an instrumental. I would have liked to here words with that song, because it is a sick beat. And I put  #2 third to last because it got played out, but it's still a good song. So anyway if you're into Limp, Papa Roach, Korn, even Incubus, I think you'll like Linkin Park. Even if you don't like rap/rock, still at least try out the songs, you might just like one.
B00005B36H|5.0|This has to be the best rock cd ever made.Tool is brilent.  Everyone should have this album.Nuf said.
B00005B36H|5.0|Like the title says, you can never go wrong with TOOL. Well my fellow TOOL fans, I dont got much to say, I usually sum up everything in a couple sentences. Lateralus, just like the previous albums is a perfect instant hit that every TOOL fan should pick up, there are no dissapointments.
B00005BJPO|5.0|&quot;Akira&quot; is one of those exceptional moments when an art form transcends itself and becomes something greater.  It is one of the few anime's to be viewed by the &quot;mainstream.&quot;  It defines animation in the way that &quot;Watchmen&quot; defines comic books, &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot; defines science fiction, or &quot;Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon&quot; defines wuxia, as something to strive for and not quite achieve.  It is a watermark.<br />That's some pretty flowery praise, but &quot;Akira&quot; deserves it.  Inside this movie is some of the best, most crisp and exiting animation ever captured on film.  There are so many stunning moments (the battle with the clowns, the sewer race, Tetsuo's battle with the army, Kaneda's race to save his friend, the background of Neo-Tokyo) backed up with an exceptional soundtrack that blends techno music with traditional Japanese styles.  The story line is traditional anime, with an explosive mixture of youth and technology juxtaposed with the traditional need to impose order on chaos.  The characters are both righteous and stupid, heroic and annoying, competent and naive. Ah heck, just watch it!<br />Seeing &quot;Akira&quot; get this collector's edition DVD treatment is like seeing the Mona Lisa get her own room at the Louvre.  All you can say is &quot;it's about time.&quot;
B00004XOWM|1.0|Oh my good what a waste of money. This is with out a shadow of a doubt the worst hip hop album ever made. I decided to get this cause i enjoyed significient other and three dollar bill. This album contains poor lyrics that are all fool of swearing. Dont get me wrong it has some songs that make you wanna get up and dance like rollin and my generation, but otherwise it [is bad]. I think Durst needs to go back to the beginning and learn that swearing 500 times on a album doesnt make you cool. Heres how Durst writes a song \\"gee hum i cant think of a word for this song I will just put the f word in it to show the kids that i know a lot of swear words. If you like Limp style music i suggest you buy Korn or Rage against the machine because with out them Limp whould be nothin Durst would still be working in that old tatto parlor.
B00005B36H|5.0|I just got done listening to the new album by Tool and I was totally blown away. Before this my favorite album was Aenima but the boys may have outdone themselves with this one.From the angry, aggressive &quot;The Grudge&quot; to the quiet and reflective &quot;Lateralis&quot; this cd is one of the best I have listened to. Highlights of this album are &quot;The Grudge&quot;, &quot;Schism&quot;, &quot;Parabola&quot; (my favorite song) and &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot;. Get this cd...you won't regret it.
B00003CXGP|1.0|I don't even want to waste to much time typing this review, I disliked this film so much.  Script - clever in parts, confusing and patronising in others (most parts).  Direction - compatent at best, doesn't use any interesting techniques.  Acting - extremely hammy and wooden, especially Bale.  Music - comprises mainly of 80's music (my personal least favourite era for music), and some quite involving classical pieces.  Plot - the worst aspect of the film, although you don't really realise how bad until the end.  It seems pretty hollow, as did Fight Club, but with Fight Club the ending made sense to the rest of the film.  Here the ending is so sudden and abrupt, that it leaves everything hanging in the air; I didn't actually think the film was over until  the titles started rolling!  Perhaps I'm just not intelligent enough to understand this film, but it seemed rather pointless and shallow to me.  It has been compared to Fight Club and Se7en (two David Fincher masterpieces) but I think this is a crime.  Fight Club and Se7en are Ferrari's to American Psycho's Skoda.  Doesn't live up to the hype.  Frankly one of the worst film's of the year.
B00005BL2A|3.0|I had not purchased a Depeche Mode album since &quot;Songs of Faith and Devotion&quot; and was really looking forward to buying &quot;Exciter&quot;.  Everything I read was how this was a 'return to form' for Depeche Mode.  I was disappointed.  I think this album will grow on me as I continue to listen, but this is not their best work.  The intrumentation sounds too industrial for my tastes.  The subject matter darker and gloomier than usual.  They seem to really go after the &quot;gothic&quot; crowd on this one.  There are definetly some highlights, like the first single &quot;Dream On&quot;.  Great song.  &quot;Shine&quot; is also a very good song.  This album reminds of the Depeche Mode of &quot;Black Celebration&quot;, and I guess I was looking for the Depeche Mode of &quot;Violator&quot;.  You won't find that here.
B00005B36H|5.0|Four years between albums is a bit much, but this album delivers.  Killer drums throughtout the entire album, and Maynard's voice sounds great!
B00005B36H|5.0|This tool CD is awesome!! Its like Aenima but powerful and hard. Mynard's vocals are great combined with fine guitars.. so cool. Listen to the tracks grudge,patient,disposition.. the entire cd rocks...
0385484518|5.0|Many of us have had great teachers; people who taught us various subjects and helped us to understand many concepts. Fewer of us have had the opportunity to have a professor that teaches us to love mathematics, strive to be the best writers we can, or work to change the future by wholly understanding the past. Once in a lifetime is there a teacher who can make more than one student understand the greatest lessons life has to offer. In Mitch Albom's Tuesdays with Morrie, the reader becomes the student and is able to learn those difficult, often unanswered, questions surrounding the meaning of love and life and death. The author was able to turn the last weeks he had with a beloved professor and true friend into the most wonderful course that can never be taught or planned in a curriculum. This lesson cannot be taught in the most elite high school settings or even in the lecture halls of an Ivy League School. This thesis is a gift to all who read it because of its ability to make the reader feel as if she is sitty next to the bed of the dying Morrie Schwartz and examining her own life as he tells about what he has learned from his. In a society where many people feel the need to be strong and constantly moving, it is also difficult to speak freely, honestly, about any subject close to the heart or tied to emotions. Not only did Morrie have the unusual gift to touch many souls and rekindle sad spirits, he also had the remarkable ability to be honest and open. For all of you who never had a professor , teacher, or friend with which you could speak freely, reading this book will make you feel as if Morrie had been your collegue, and all his words and insights were intended for you alone. It is impossible to set this book down because of the amazing insight Morrie had on so many aspects of life. Although the reader knows the final outcome, there is little sadness, because she knows that this man has left behind what few have: an everlasting legacy.
B00005B36H|4.0|First of all, this album should actually be four and a half stars. Five stars would be an absolutely perfect album which I am still scouring the earth for. Second of all, track thirteen scares the living bujesus out of me. <br />When you listen to Tool, you have to remind yourself that Tool isn't music. They're art with musical instruments. An entire album is like walking into a museum of mummies and M C Escher paintings. <br />Lateralus was definately worth a five year wait. And what I love is that no where on this album will you hear a re-hash of one of their old songs or a succumbing to the pop music world. The opening track, The Grudge, knocked me down and I only hoped the rest of the album would be as good, but it only got better. Among the other good tracks are Parabola, Disposition, the single Schism, and Reflection. <br />If you've only recently began listening to Tool because you liked A Perfect Circle you may not appreciate this album. It's very progressive- odd numbered timing and labyrith-like arrangements. However, Lateralus will be definately be enjoyed by long time Tool fans. If H P Lovecraft and Albert Einstein composed an opus together, the result would be Lateralus.
B00005BL2A|2.0|I'm sad to say Depeche Mode now sounds like their cover bands.  The music has little texture, and most of the songs sound like demos (e.g. 'Dream On').  I think tracks off 'Construction Time Again' and 'Some Great Reward' had much more musical (and surprisingly lyrical) depth.  The lyrics also reach an all-time low on this album.  Having been a fan since 1988, I must say I'm disappointed, though the album isn't entirely without merit.  (Also bear in mind that I really liked 'Ultra.')<br />Hopefully they will play older songs on their tour!
0140434259|5.0|Sense and Sensibility is an excellent book.  When I started it I really did not know what to expect, and was pleasantly surprised. I will say though that this book is hard to get through at times, due to the old language used.  But if you stay with the book, it will be worth it. The characters are wonderful, and you will find yourself wanting them to be happy.  The Dashwood family gives a &quot;girl power&quot; message that makes it even easier to enjoy. Also, this book is easy to relate to, for everyone has known a Maryanne or Elinor before, maybe you are like one of them.  I could identify with Maryanne, because I am involved in everything (and love it all) and I know I share my feelings too much.  Although this book will be enjoyed more by young females, anyone would like it, for it also has a lot of humor in it used to display the dramatic situations the Dashwood sisters keep finding themselves in.  The book became even more enjoyable when I saw the movie, seeing this amazing book acted out was great.  I believe all of Jane Austen's books are worth reading, this one especially!
B00005B36H|5.0|I hated the last tool album, only a few good tracks, but this one licks the frosting off the top of the cake. A lot of long songs and a lot of great instrumental play.  Very recommended.
0684869713|4.0|It is a very explorative book, and probably would have been controversial in the era that Ayn Rand wrote it. It deeply touvhes everyone who reads it, for they can relate to at least one of the characters. I don't consider anyone to have read a good book unless they have read this one.
B00004YKUY|5.0|GREAT CD !!  In my opinion, this is one of there best.. The lyrics are shakey in a few songs but musicly, this ranks 10 out of a 10. Some people might refuse to buy this because Steve Perry is not on it, but the new &quot;Steve&quot; sounds just like him with a little bit of his own style as well. Trust me, I was surprised at how much I loved this cd. Buy It!!!
0812589041|4.0|A GREAT READ BOOK                         ENDERS GAME<br /> Enders game is a well-read book; it is great and quick to read I believe that this was a great story.  It takes place in a future world of earth were there technology is very advanced.  Ender who is 6 years old at the time he is chosen to leave Earth by a group of people called the International Fleet.  Ender who is to train for several years must be ready for a Third Invasion of an alien race.  Called the Buggers.   I would have liked to know myself what the buggers actually look like but please bear with the book, because this whole book is about using your imagination.  Ender who is 6 years old wen the International Fleet take him he really had no choice but other than to stay at home with his brother Peter, who wants to kill him.  His loving Sister, Valentine, and his parents.  When Ender arrives at Battle School he first realizes this is a mistake.  He goes to Battle-school for several years to train and become a military genus.  Later he is so good at that, he advance to Command school and from here on everything is so exciting.   Why I think this book was so good is because the often turns of events, and since you think the way if probably will turn out to be, well you better think twice because it turns out to be a twisting change of events in the story.   I give this book Four out of five, because it could have done a little bit better at the end of the story.
B00005B36H|5.0|Well i think TOOL have done it again. AENIMA was and still is one of the best and most unique albums of its genre and time. A modern classic. And a very big album to top. TOOL took a great step with AENIMA and with LATERALUS they have grown taller and longer in stride [well it has been some 5 years coming i guess].<br />The sounds on this album are nothing short of amazing [if you do buy this album - you MUST listen to it with good headphones - once you hear you'll understand - &quot;pphhouurr!&quot;]. The combination of pulsating drumming, thick distorted guitar and soothing background ambience go so well with Keenans trademark vocals. In fact the drumming on this album is some of the best i have ever heard, and is combined with some brilliant but subtle sampling as only TOOL know how.<br />Perhaps not as consistantly heavy as their previous work, LATERALUS is more of a journey and is a trip all the way through. one of the highlights is definitely track 10/11. &quot;Disposition&quot; [10] fades into &quot;Reflections&quot; [11] to create pure music genius for some 15 minutes. Just awesome. And like in AENIMA, TOOL have taken their own form of unique song/melody structure to a new level on LATERALUS, much like Radiohead did with KID A, and this album is very much like Kyuss' metal classic &quot;SKY VALLEY&quot; from some 7 years ago.<br />Not as vocally strong as some of their previous work, but the brilliant drum and guitar rhythm sections make up for the absence of Keenans voice. The TOOL of old are still there mind you, dropping into ear-piercing, pulsating thick guitar riffs and meandering vocals. And the sleeve design for this album is simply awesome. Top stuff TOOL. <br />The only criticism i could have is that TOOL were perhaps trying very hard not to sound like &quot;A PERFECT CIRCLE&quot; [Maynard James Keenans' other band], which when they first appeared, sounded very very similar to early TOOL. But i guess if that was one of their objectives on LATERALUSthey have definitely achieved it.<br />So if you like your hard rock a bit dark and different, give TOOLs LATERALUS a go, and find out why TOOL are regarded as one of the most innovative and unique hard rock bands in the world.
B00005B36H|5.0|I would to say that this cd is the best yet and it was certainly worth the wait, although it felt like an eternity.  Track 9- Lateralus has great lyrics and a great sense of feeling comes through in Maynards voice, much to my dismay. Although in &quot;Perfect Circle&quot; his voice is similar and really does him justice.   I found that TOOL have certainly lashed out into another dimension with this soundtrack. As the fans spread worldwide to celebrate such a great band I would love to thank TOOL for their efforts in doing such an eminent job. Realising that TOOL are learning and growing together, I have found a profound difference in their lyrics and in their style. They have certainly come a long way since their first album &quot;OPIATE&quot; was released. Congratulations TOOL and please don't forget your fans all the way &quot;Down-Under&quot; in AUSTRALIA. Awaiting your return with enthusiasm.
0790734850|3.0|The most impressing thing about this movie is that it contains a big number of GIANT actors: Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, Kim Basinger, Danny Devito and Guy Pearce.<br />The film takes place in the 1940s about the power of individuals in the police, politics and press that was corrupted by scandals, betrayals, and sex!<br />The violance and action are good. And the ending was a SMASH HIT! But the movie was put together in a complicated way that it is full of fast events with many characters that sometime you find hard to catch up with! After you watch the movie, you know it was good but you might need to watch it again to get a better picture and understand it more!
B000002KN8|5.0|&quot;Speak and Spell&quot; is an early synth pop classic. Released in 1981, it's a wonderful mix of Vince Clarke's catchy melodies and fat analogue sounds. Clarke of course would leave the group after the album to form Yaz and then Erasure. I would recommend buying the import version if possible since it includes the wonderful b-side Shout! (perhaps the darkest song Vince has written) and I Sometimes Wish I Was Dead which provides a sugary high few other songs have ever achieved.<br />Newer fans of DM may not like this as it sounds almost like an entirely different group compared to the present Mode. But if you're of a lover of synth-pop and/or 80's music, this is a must have.
B00005B36H|5.0|I couldn't pass up the chance to be the first to review this wonderful cd.  It definately doesn't disappoint!
B00005B36H|5.0|This album is great.  It's just as good as Undertow and Aenima, if not better.  If you like Tool you should get this. Also, the booklet is incredible.
B00005BL2A|5.0|Depeche Mode's new album is a return to form.  Exciter sounds like a 2001 Black Celebration or Violator, meaning lots of acoustic mid tempo stuff and many ballads.  &quot;Dream On&quot; sounds like &quot;Personal Jesus&quot; but a little more mellow, and many of the ballads are the best the band has done since &quot;Somebody&quot;, including the lovely &quot;Breathe&quot;, sung by Martin Gore, which sounds a little like &quot;One Caress&quot;, and &quot;When the Body Speaks&quot;, a string filled song sung by Dave Gahan.  &quot;Goodnight Lovers&quot;, the last track on Exciter, is the band all singing together with a keyboard melody behind them.  It sounds like a lullaby and it will be nice to hear in concert.  Exciter definitely forms a trilogy with Black Celebration and Violator, making them the most mature albums DM has released, and the best.
B00005B36H|5.0|I picked up Lateralus at a Midnight sale and although I am still absorbing it, I can say that fans of AEnima will be very happy while those who preferred Undertow may be less so. Constructed very much like AEnima with interludes between the longer &quot;core&quot; tracks, Lateralus is as dense or moreso than AEnima but perhaps not as intense. Mer de Noms was a good indictation of where Maynard was headed here but Danny, Justin and Adam have definitely each been growing in their own regards and track 1 and 2 are great indications of this. Tracks 5 and 7 are remenisent of AEnima's sound but each element of the sound is more elaborate and explored while intertwining together in greater fusion than anything before. The band is most definitely continuing its evolution away from the cliches of contemporary metal while avoiding the pitfalls of any current trends -- whatever these guys were listening to since AEnima, it hasn't crept into the MTV scene just yet. This disc will require many listens and like AEnima may be best heard in a single sitting.
B00005BL2A|3.0|From the single and opening track, \\"Dream On\\" it is clear that Depeche Mode is changing sonically.  The song is every bit as innovative as \\"Personal Jesus\\" was and very catchy.  It is also rather obvious that the rest of Exciter pales in comparison.  I am a long-time fan and have loved everything they've put out since 1986.  I have to say that this is a disappointment.  Vocally, Dave Gahan could not be any better.  His fabulous performance, however, cannot make up for the lack of strong melodies.  \\"When The Body Speaks\\" is a ballad that just has nothing that grabs the listener.  \\"The Dead of Night\\" could be the worst song they've ever done.  It sounds more like Marilyn Manson than Depeche Mode.  \\"Comatose\\" makes the stuff on Black Celebration seem uplifting.  The mood on this album is overly depressing, even for D.M. There are some brightspots though.  \\"Freelove\\" is a very nice ballad as is \\"Goodnight Lovers\\", but even these \\"gems\\" lack the hooks of classic Depeche Mode.  Mark Bell's production is very sharp and detailed but Martin Gore simply did not come through in terms of quality songwriting.  The instrumentals are extreme filler as well.  I love this band, but Exciter is not at all consistent.  If you are a big fan, then pick it up.  If you do, you will find my thoughts on Exciter aren't \\"Blasphemous Rumors.\\"  ....
0385484518|5.0|Reading this book caused me to examine my own life so much that I thought about not finishing it.  I found myself thinking about my own priorities and how I had many of the same regrets as the younger man, Mitch.   This book is important to read if you find your daily life to be empty and less fulfilling than you had hoped.  Its simple message, for me, was about making sure that your time is spent doing the truly important things rather than chasing wealth.  It has given me a new perspective on how I want to live my life.  I think it could do the same for anyone who is open to receiving its simple message.
B0000508U6|5.0|This cd is REFRESHING to say the least.  I bought this cd...really not even LOVING the song Yellow.  I thought Yellow was this okay sounding song...but wow.  I popped the cd into my cd player...and i was REALLY blown away.  I found the sounds and the riffs SO amazing.  Really...this cd is great.<br />And I AM a true Radiohead fan.  Although i found Kid A to be SO dissapointing (when compared to OK computer), i still DO think that Coldplay captures a lot of Radiohead's sound--not completely...but it sounds like Coldplay was HEAVILY influenced.<br />So...if you like Radiohead's sound...DEF. buy this cd
B00005B36H|5.0|This is a great progression from aenima...I was expecting a more abstract, &quot;left field&quot; album.   Instead, I was very pleased to hear such a solid album - I definitely sense some Kyuss-esque overtones.  Danny Carey is incredible on this album (as usual).  Highly recommended.
B00005AXEL|5.0|Trouble In Shangri-La is just astounding.  With most CDs there are one or two favorite songs and a bunch of filler.  Not so with this one. Each song is signature Stevie Nicks.  I have not been so thoroughly delighted with a CD purchase in a while.
B000006TRV|5.0|&quot;Does anybody here remember Vera lynn..and how that she said that we would meet again some sunny day (awful guitar squeak)&quot;<br />If you listened to this album, then you know why I like &quot;Vera&quot; so much.  How many bands put so much RAW emotion in an album. When I say RAW, I mean not sad, not happy, but REAL. No cheese either. Take that awful guitar squeak, for example.  That stuff will tweak your soul megaton-styl.<br />Dont get Floyd's the Final Cut(screw the die-hard floyd fans that are clicking &quot;was this review helpful&quot; right now).  It was some war album trying to be another wall but it went sour.
B00004X01U|2.0|Madonna wannabees give anything she does five stars including the dismal 'Bedtime Stories' &amp; the Dick Tracy songs and they've mostly done it again here. This is seamlessly produced by techno-meisters Mirwais Ahmadzai &amp; William Orbit but with about two exceptions, you find yourself fast forwarding, which is sad after such a triumph as 'Ray of Light'. On that album and her previous ones, the tunes penned by Pat Leonard were the best, but long-time collaborator Leonard is absent on this album, and no amount of high-tech wizardry can disguise the lack of a good tune.
0783225849|5.0|Details, details, details.  It is here where Alfred Hitchcock really towers above other film directors, past or present.  Yes, he was the master of suspense, but so much more.  <br />Of course, this movie has been critiqued and analyzed to death.  Being a huge Hitchcock fan, I guess it is almost embarrassing to say that `Psycho' is probably my favorite - that's so.....unoriginal.  But I have to admit that it is.  And 'Psycho' is a movie that taken as a whole is greater than the sum of it's parts.  It's certainly much more than a terrifying shower murder or a heart-stopping ending scene.<br />In 'Psycho', Hitchcock showcases all of his known and not so well known talents. His manipulative use of the camera.  His careful selection of supporting actors, which gets little mention (Frank Albertson as the rich bank depositor and John Anderson as `California Charlie' come to mind in this movie).  Then there's the way Hitchcock plays with the viewer's mind, controlling his or her emotions at will.  In the scene where Janet Leigh has just stolen the money, is sitting at a stoplight and her boss crosses the street in front of her (this after her telling him she was going home with a headache).....Yikes!  Who hasn't experienced that sudden feeling of panic of being so explicitly caught in a lie or embarrassing act by a boss, a spouse, etc.  It's a perfect Hitchcock moment!<br />Even in his most dark films, Hitchcock can't resist a little satire.  I'm not sure anyone has ever commented on this (although surely someone has), but in the opening scene in the hotel room Janet Leigh is wearing a white bra and slip - after she decides to steal the money and is packing to run away she is wearing black ones.  It took me multiple viewings to pick up on this ( I wonder what other little nuances I haven't noticed yet?).<br />Hitchcock had a `thing' for beautiful women, and was skilled at placing a prominent yet restrained (very restrained by today's standards) sexual emphasis on his female leads.  Tippi Hedren, Grace Kelly, Eva Marie Saint, etc of course were all attractive leads to start.  But Hitchcock's fixation on hair styles, skirt and shoe selection, manner of walk, etc. created a stamp all his own which in my opinion resulted in some of the sexiest women to ever appear on the screen.  Janet Leigh is no exception here (of course I'm not counting the shower scene), whether fully or partially clothed she always looks delicious!  (To other males: Your mileage may vary).<br />Finally, as hinted at earlier, it is sometimes the \\"not so famous\\" scenes in a Hitchcock film which are actually the most memorable.  When Anthony Perkins is waiting for Janet Leigh's car to sink in the marsh, Hitchcock paints the perfect picture of a disturbed mind. As the camera looks up into a moonlit sky we see Anthony Perkin's face, gnawing impatiently on some candy, hands tightly clasped, waiting for his (or should I say his mother's?) victim's auto to finally submerge in the mucky swamp.  Unforgetable - an image that is both twisted yet oddly beautiful.  I know of no other director who wields so much power over our thoughts and feelings.<br />The storyline, cinematography, acting, sub-plots and dialog are all as close to perfection as possible.  It's all here, it's all Hitchcock.  And it will stay with you a lifetime.  Simply one of the best movies ever made.
0679879269|5.0|This is the first of Pullman's book that I read in print rather than on tape, and I'd recommend the former for the most engrossing experience. The full cast recordings are excellent.
B000002LE6|5.0|In late 1987, Prince recorded The Black Album, a dark and foreboding record about lust and murder. After he finished making the album, Prince was so disturbed by it that he decided not to release it. Instead, he went back into the studio and recorded a new album called Lovesexy. Lovesexy is the opposite of The Black Album; where The Black Album was dark, violent, and pessemistic, Lovesexy is hopeful, spiritual, and uplifting.<BR><BR> Released in 1988, Lovesexy may be Prince's last great album from beginning to end. The CD is programmed as one long 45-minute track, so that you can't skip around when you listen to it. Prince did this on purpose because he wanted people to listen to the album all the way through. Luckily, the CD is so good that I have no problem playing it all the way through, time and time again. Prince recorded this album with a live band featuring Sheila E. on drums and Boni Boyer on keyboards, among others. The band is amazing, and they add a lot of energy to the album that Prince would not have had on his own. You can hear them singing along and adding their own touches to a lot of the songs, making this album truly a group effort. This is also Prince's most spiritual CD, and, whatever your religion, you will uplifted by this music! <BR><BR> Some standout songs: &quot;Alphabet St.&quot; is a great piece of minimalist funk, with a drum machine and Prince's dry guitar carrying the song nicely. &quot;Glam Slam&quot; is one of Prince's irresistable guitar rock confections, and Sheila E's slammin' drum solo takes the song to a whole new level. &quot;Anna Stesia&quot; is the album's centerpiece and one of Prince's most moving, spiritual ballads ever, right up there with &quot;Purple Rain&quot;! &quot;When 2 R in Love&quot; is another great ballad, adding a dose of romance to the proceedings. &quot;I Wish U Heaven&quot; is truly heavenly, with a melody as smooth and soft as orange sherbet. I feel that this album (and the tour that followed) was the culmination of Prince's SPIRITUAL side, and, if you are feeling down, this CD will definitely make you feel better! A great mix of dance, rock, funk, and passion, with a message of POSITIVITY that will uplift your day.
B00003CXQX|5.0|Ok, this has got to be one of Disney's best!! It doesn't follow the usual disney &quot;formula&quot; but it's a refreshing change! And for once, the main character is the one who makes the show! Everyone of all ages will love this movie. I really enjoyed it, and I'd recommend it to anyone! ;-)
B00005B1EX|4.0|Man, first off let me say that age has not slowed Halford down one bit. When I picked this CD up, I was immediately drawn to it due to the incredible selection of songs covering Rob's entire career. I was absolutely blown away by his voice. At 50+, Rob's voice still hits the high notes and melodies that made Priest awesome. Halford's band does a great job on the old Priest tunes and I even like their renditions of the Fight songs that were in the set list. M. Chlasciak and P. Lachman are incredible guitarists that due homage to Titpon and Downing when doing priest. Riendeau and Jarzombek are a great rythym section. The best thing about this CD however, is hearing old Priest tunes like &quot;Stained Class&quot;, &quot;Jawbreaker&quot;, &quot;Running Wild&quot; and &quot;Riding on the Wind&quot;. All classics and having new life breathed into them by Halford's band. The only down side to this CD is the lack of crowd interaction and noise, but to me that is a minor point. You get 27 songs from Halford's successful tour with a great selection of new and old material that is played with vigor and energy.
630291423X|1.0|Geez, $$$ for 5 episodes sounds like a bargain huh?  Don't fall for it.  I love Twin Peaks, but I was shocked to see how [bad] the quality is.  I was dumb enough to buy the entire series in this 6 hour format, so it took a little while before I got to watch enough to see how horrible the quality is.  I am surprised to see that they are still selling this.  I am hopeful that the series will be available on DVD in the future and if it is I hope they do a decent job of digital remastering.
B00005BL2A|5.0|Well, let me preface this review by saying that I am a big fan. Let me also say that I have only listened to this album once all the way through, and as we all know, perceptions will probably change upon repeated listens. With all that aside I will say that I am not disappointed with this effort. In my opinion, this is a very mellow album, optimistic album. I know, optimism from Depeche Mode. Love is a prevalent theme. Martin must be at a good place. Also Dave hasn't sounded this good in years, if ever. Martin sings a couple and there are even a couple instrumentals. Again, one listen tells me almost nothing, but so far I like it. And first impression are somewhat important. Smooth....
B00005B36H|5.0|This is by far there best album, it seems more grown up and alot better done, there alot of tracks that are long but it is very good A++++++++ Buy this CD
0761957553|5.0|The language used is for everybody ! Not make us confuse with statistics terms but still can get clearly description. You must have this book if you searching book on how to learning statistics and how to use SPSS in the same time
B00005B36H|5.0|Nuttin But Good Times!! That's all I can say.
B00005B36H|2.0|Opiate:  Raw, jagged, fresh. Undertow:  More refined, the band gets their legs. Aenima:  Brilliant!!! Salival:  Cool No Quarter re-make, KILLER DVD!  Ho-hum other than that. Lateralus:  WTF happened?  I hear nothing new here.  Lots of instrumental [stuff] and disjointed noise.  The case design is innovative, but that is not always a good thing (anyone remember Pearl Jam's vs. case?).  I'm sure it will grow on me with more listening, but this is a step backwards IMO.  Five years to record an album breeds laziness and complacency.<br />(sidenote) A Perfect Circle: Brilliant side project of Maynard IMO.  Fab!!
B00005AXEL|5.0|Finally, there is a reason to turn on the radio again! I can't believe the radio is actually playing &quot;Everyday&quot; and &quot;Planets of the Universe&quot;. I am 35 years old and have loved Stevie since &quot;Dreams&quot; in 1977. This CD is awesome. I could go on and on about almost every song on the album, but I see it has pretty much all been said already. The bottom line is that this is great music from a great poet. This is not just making a record to make money -- this is Stevie's life. She is only on this planet for one reason, to sing to us. Stevie is a Goddess sent from heaven -This new CD makes me wish I was a teenager and I could discover Stevie all over again. Just think of how great it would be to just be discovering Stevie -- hearing all of her songs on TUSK, MIRAGE, RUMOURS, BELLA DONNA, WILD HEART, ROCK A LITTLE, etc. for the first time!! I can't imagine there ever being another rock star that could ever compare to Stevie. She's the BOMB!!
B00005B36H|5.0|Uhh, deary me. This album, simply put, is phenomenal! It's everything I hoped I was going to get after waiting a good four years. Right down to the packaging, Lateralus is extremely innovative and a clear continuation of Tool's relentless, seemingly exponential, evolution as musicians and artists. They are certainly not content to regurgitate the same material over and over, like so many bands in today's music scene. This album is quite a bit heavier than AEnima, and during the first listen it may seem less complex. Understand that unpredictability and a harder sound do not equal a less complicated or less thought-out record. Once you listen to it a couple times and become familiar with some of the more &quot;chaotic&quot; riffs, rhythms, and grooves, a very complex order appears in the music. It settles in. And it's fantastic. Completely original. But do I really need to say all of this? It's the new TOOL album, for crying out loud.
0316236446|5.0|I credit many people for the path that lead me to being a visual effects modeler, but it was this book that I read and used over and over as a kid that inspired me to be an artist. Ed Emberley's books take the most complex shapes in the real world and break them down to the most basic of shapes, so a child who can draw a box, a triangle and a square can create whole worlds through Ed's reverse engineering techniques. I highly recommend this book to anyone who wants to inspire their child to create.
B000002C2E|5.0|This has to be one of the greatest Dylan albums ever. A raw, gritty, blues album as only Dylan could do. These are songs you can really get your teeth in to, so to speak, with most of the songs being well over 5 minutes long, while the longest is a whopping 16:31 long. A mature album, dark and introspective...there is not one bad song on here. This is an album that no Dylan fan should do without. Unfortunately, there's not much in the way of liner notes, but the music more than makes up for that.
0802130208|5.0|This easily ranks up there with the work of Faulkner and Flannery O'Connor in its depiction of a weird and often-disturbing region of the country.  Its wit is over-the-top, yet sublime.  I can't understand the reviewers who need to LIKE the main character in order to enjoy the book!  Of course you hate Ignatius!  That's the point.  Imagine how much great literature you'd miss out on if you had to feel some sort of kinship with the protagonist.  The book, written when it was, is mind-bendingly terrific.  It's like an Edith Wharton novel, written seventy years later, transported South, and injected with gallons of humor.  I can't say enough good things about it. I really pity those who dislike it.
B000003N7G|5.0|John Coltrane is at his finest with &quot;A Love Supreme&quot;.  The mellow mood of the four tracks make you want to do nothing but get lost in each crescendo of the music being played.  <br />Trane does something with the alto sax that no one has been able to emulate, let alone come close to.  The work on this disc is definitely supreme, and in my opinion, is one of the greatest jazz works of all time.
B00005B36H|5.0|And Aenima was my all-time favorite album, so you get the picture. Just amazing...the song writing and the musicianship (especially Danny Carey on drums...never heard anything like it)  are the best I've ever heard. The music is pretty much the most intense I've ever heard. I mean, I have heard harder for sure, but never combined with such amazing lyrics and tunes. Everyone should love Tool. They stand head and shoulders above every other band on the planet. Long live Maynard. Fear the Mullet.
B000002ADT|5.0|This CD, along with 'A Love Supreme', is one of the best jazz recordings of all time.  The best musical recordings of all time for that matter!  <br />&quot;So What&quot; is brillianlty pieced together, along with &quot;Blue In Green&quot;, and &quot;Freddie Freeloader&quot;, which are timeless classics that make you want to do nothing more than play the cd over and over.<br />This is a standout cd, and all people who claim to love and live music should own it.
B000056K04|4.0|Okay, I have read some of the reviews of this album, and mostly disagree.  Put it this way, would anybody want to hear a band that had each album sound exactly like the last one?  Granted BTCS was an excellent, maybe even groundbreaking album, but Everday has many admirable qualities.  Whereas the last album had less energy on it, songs which built in crescendo at their ends, e.g. Don't Drink the Water, Crush.  This CD has a great amount of energy and emotion, which I believe are a dynamite combo.  My only negative concession is that DMB toned down the sax, violin, and other instruments, but that is okay.  <br />Also, DMB is the best band I have ever seen in concert, and I am doing that again this year as well. :)
B00005B36H|5.0|Everybody every where should own a copy of this album.  Definetely a quality Tool album, and well worth the wait.  Not quite better than nima though.
B00003CXA6|5.0|I thought this movie was a very good informational video. I watched it in my Social Studies class at school and i thought the actors fit their rolls perfectly! Jeff Daniels is my favorite in this movie. If you love history, like me, this is the movie for you.
B00005B36H|3.0|If this is what we waited for after 5 years then I am very dissapointed. It seems that Tool is forgetting their fanbase and becoming more introverted. with this cd they are shoving their weird idealogies that where more tolerable and less overbearing on their last cd. the tracks are slow and plodding. less intense and imaginative. There is no sense of continuity. No sense of escapism that their previou efforts allowed.Nice cover though.
B000056NX4|4.0|I personally loved this version of JCS but there were two teensy problems. One, during King Herods Song, you can notice a french accent in the line &quot;Aren't You Scared OF Me Christ&quot; Also Jerome Pradon as  Judas gets a bit whiny at parts, unfortunately. But Pradon shows a character IDEALISTIC of Judas.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is an unusual science fiction story, about the perfect society. Jonas is the main character, and the oldest child in his family unit. In this perfect society, each family unit can have one male and one female child. This community has a committee, who chooses your spouse, and after a few years you can apply to have children. Each child has to stay with its age group. There are ones and twos, threes and fours, until the age of 12. There is a ceremony of the twelve year olds, and they are each given their assignment/job. At the ceremony of the twelve year olds, Jonas was skipped.This was very unusual, but he was skipped for a very good reason. He was to be the new giver, the holder of all memories. I thought that the book was wonderful. It made me stop and think that our lives and lifestyles aren't that bad. It also made me think that we take little things for granted; things like color, music, making dinner, and the freedom to love. Those are things you don't notice until they are gone. I would recommend this book to someone that is looking for another world.
B00005B36H|5.0|This album is more instramental then there original albums like Opiate and Undertow. It has hard guitar and great drums. It is a colage of sound. It sits in its own catagory of music and i would consider it one of Tools best. The cd has a great cover and the book is very cool as well. It consists of 6 see through pages with some very cool graphics and great art. They have done it again and this time reached a new plain in there music.
B00005BL2A|4.0|This album is more along the lines of Depeche Mode's slower moments than Violator's groovier ones.  Exciter is about as un-sellout-ish as Depeche Mode could get.  It's an interesting mix of transitory existential modern European experimental electronica and pre-1970's classic American pop.  This amalgam of sounds builds more successfully on Ultra's less cohesive, less accessible tracks.  There's not much that's similar to their earlier great tracks like Never Let Me Down Again, Stripped, Enjoy The Silence, Judas, and Its No Good.  Comatose and Freelove sound a bit like Ultra, while I Feel Loved is unabashedly more techno.  The Dead of Night leans more towards a harder edge, but still doesn't sound much like their previous best material.  David still hasn't returned to his incredible vocal stylings from the pre-Ultra days, but that's more the fault of his post-rehab vocal coach than himself.  However, one shouldn't miss the group's earlier material since those disks should already be sitting on your CD player.  Standout tracks include Dream On, I Am You, Goodnight Lovers, and Breathe, which has profound lyrics during the second half of the song with its ingenious biblical references.  At times, you can hear some similarities in production to Bjork's Homogenic, which was also produced by Mark Bell.  One or two of the tracks show a slight tendency to mix the music significantly louder than the vocals.  Yet, the overall audio engineering and mastering of the album is incredibly high quality, and much appreciated.  Lovely, patient, and unpretentiously romantic, Exciter deserves our attention and trust as Depeche Mode takes us on this unique sonic and lyrical journey.
B00005B36H|5.0|I think people were expecting Maynard &amp; the boys to release Aenima II, but this is totally inspired, and perhaps more of a masterpiece than it's predecessor.  This will probably grow on you over time and will blow 1996's Aenima away by leaps and bounds.  Tool have taken us to their next creative level on this one.  Everything is still angst-ridden just the way we like it, and ambitiously progressive.  There's stuff on here that you have never heard before, not even vaguely, and that's what makes Tool so great.  Absolutely no one sounds like the mighty Tool!  I give this 5 stars and can't wait to hear more stuff in the future.  Just so it doesn't take another 5 stinkin' years. lol   Thanks Maynard, Adam, Justin, &amp; Danny!
B00004XOWM|1.0|I love limp's first two albums, but this one blows.  I can't believe the lyrics.  Don't you think with all his supposed talent he could come up with something that was more thought provoking and original.  \\"my way or the highway\\" is just one example of the many cliche's in these songs.  I really like \\"take a look around\\" and I suppose the music itself is alright on some of the songs, ...  I feel dumber after listening to it.  If only there was a way to listen to just the instruments and mute the lyrics...
B00005B36H|5.0|Well what can I say. Tool have proven yet again that they are true musicians, artists, and visionaries. No other music comes close to what Tool creates. This CD is some of the only new original music avaialable today. Tool follows no rules and sets no boundaries. This allows them to take their music to amazing levels achieved by few other bands. I can almost feel my mind expanding and consciousness evolving while listening to this. There are no true words that can explain music and art this good. See for yourself...Think for yourself.
0553573403|4.0|I've already ordered George Martin's &quot;A Clash of Kings&quot; and &quot;A Storm of Swords,&quot;  even though the mighty, multi-volume, multiple-viewpoint, medieval-war epic is a genre I usually avoid.<br />I'll continue to read Martin's epic because I'm obsessed with his characters and their stories.<br />Of course, I would rather have fallen in love with his characters (love lasts longer than obsession), but that's hard to do when the author alternates his chapters between eight different  points-of-view (not counting the Prologue).  In spite of his discontinuous narrative, Martin has done a masterful job of orchestrating his characters' fates.  He sweeps his readers up into the lives (one chapter at a time, anyway) of the deposed heirs of the Old Dragon-blood Dynasty, the usurping kings of House Baratheon, and the Northern King-makers of the House Stark.<br />Six Starks dominate the narrative: Lord Eddard of Winterfell, his wife Catelyn, and three of their legitimate children, plus Eddard's bastard son, Jon.<br />Another narrator is Daenerys, daughter of the last Dragon-blood king.  Daenerys manages to escape the destruction of her family, only to be sold into marriage with a character who could pass for Attila the Hun.  She has the most surprising tale to tell, and she is also the character who has to do the most growing and changing in &quot;A Game of Thrones.&quot;  If this were her story alone, Daenerys would be very easy to love, even though she has been given the book's tritest lines:<br /> &quot;My lord,&quot; she said softly.  &quot;Drogo.  My sun-and-stars,&quot; or &quot;I am no child, she told him fiercely.&quot;<br />The final story-teller of the game of thrones is my favorite: Tyrion Lannister, the current Queen's dwarf brother (that's 'dwarf' as in 'short human', not 'dwarf' as in cute, hairy Vernor's gnome).  Tyrion's warrior-brother and sister-Queen are beautiful, golden-haired twins who must have been hell to grow up with, because his verbal sallies and counter-punches are easily the sharpest dialogue in the book.  I always looked forward to reading Tyrion's chapters, and I bet the author enjoyed writing them too.<br />Tyrion is also the book's most complex character.  The adult Starks are very honorable, duty-driven types---easy to admire but a little hard to like.  The numerous child-narrators are likeable, but a bit unformed.  However Tyrion comes across to the reader as a full-grown human being: witty; dangerous; loving; full of life and curiosity about life; and even a little honorable.  I hope Martin features him prominently through all of his sequels.<br />Another major character in &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; has no narrative duties.  It is the gigantic wall of ice that has guarded humanity since the last great winter, eight millennia past.  Unfortunately, it was built so long ago that most people have forgotten what it is protecting them from.  The Black Brotherhood stands guard at the Wall, but it has fallen onto hard times.  Its only recruits are felons and knights under threat of dire punishment.<br />The Brotherhood's rangers start to disappear north of the Wall.<br />Winter is coming.<br />Let &quot;The Game of Thrones&quot; begin!sallies and counter-punches are easily the sharpest dialogue in the book.  I always looked forward to reading Tyrion's chapters, and I bet the author enjoyed writing them too.<br />Tyrion is also the book's most complex character.  The adult Starks are very honorable, duty-driven types---easy to admire but a little hard to like.  The numerous child-narrators are likeable, but a bit unformed.   However Tyrion comes across to the reader as a full-grown human being: witty; dangerous; loving; full of life and curiosity about life; and even a little honorable.  I hope Martin features him prominently through all of his sequels.<br />Another major character in &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; has no narrative duties.  It is the gigantic wall of ice that has guarded humanity since the last great winter, eight millennia past.  Unfortunately, it was built so long ago that most people have forgotten what it is protecting them from.  The Black Brotherhood stands guard at the Wall, but it has fallen onto hard times.  Its only recruits are felons and knights under threat of dire punishment.<br />The Brotherhood's rangers start to disappear north of the Wall.<br />Winter is coming.<br />Let &quot;The Game of Thrones&quot; begin!
B00005K3LU|5.0|With heart pounding action and enough Bruce Willis to clog an artery this film can't be beat.  Die hard revolutionized the action genre.  Don't miss this tremendous flick!  Want the full specs on the Die Hard: Five Star Collection disc? Sure ya do. Here's the goods: audio commentary with director John McTiernan and production designer Jackson DeGovia; audio commentary with special effects supervisor Richard Edlund; &quot;Subtitle Commentary&quot; with cast and crew; original making-of featurette; deleted scenes; gag reel; original newscast footage seen in the film; &quot;Editing Suite and Sound Mixing Studio&quot; interactive feature; three interactive magazine articles; still gallery; DVD-ROM including game demos and full screenplay with scene access; 3 trailers; 7 TV spots. Whew.
B000002LOE|5.0|On Out Of Time, R.E.M. moved into the slot of the biggest rock band in the world.  The album was an unqualified success on all fronts and R.E.M. showed that they could mix up their sound, have a big commercial hit and still retain their artistic credibility.  The one sound that is strongly utilized on Out Of Time is Peter Buck's mandolin.  It drives many of the songs including the album's smash hit &quot;Losing My Religion&quot;.  That song became the band's most successful single ever, peaking at number 4 and the accompanying video has become an all-time classic.  Despite its hit status, the song sounded nothing like any of the songs on Top 40 radio at the time and quite frankly since.  They incorporate hip hop into the album's opening song &quot;Radio Song&quot; as Boogie Down Production's KRS-One provides his biting commentary to the song and his deep and rough voice melds perfectly with Michael Stipe's softer sound.  &quot;Half A World Away&quot; is a beautiful song driven by a haunting harpsichord while &quot;Low&quot; is a deep, pulsating track.  Fellow Athenian Kate Pierson from The B-52's provides vocals on two tracks.  The first is &quot;Shiny Happy People&quot; which is just as upbeat and bouncy as the title suggests.  The song was the second top ten single from the album peaking at number 10.  The second is the album's closer, the much more intense &quot;Me And Honey&quot;.  The song has a driving guitar and Ms. Pierson provides a moaning background vocal.  &quot;Near Wild Heaven&quot; is a gorgeous track with layered vocals that reminds you of Brian Wilson and the Beach Boys.  &quot;Belong&quot; is a spoken word song that is built around a thumping bass line and a soaring chorus of &quot;whoahs&quot; being layered together.  &quot;Endgame&quot; is a guitar rich instrumental, &quot;Texarkana&quot; has a lead vocal from Mike Mills and &quot;Country Feedback&quot; has ringing guitar work from Mr. Buck.  Out Of Time also finds the band juggling instruments where drummer Bill Berry plays bass or guitar on some songs, Mr. Mills works alot on keyboards and Mr. Buck tries his hand on the skins.  Out Of Time became the band's first number one album despite the fact that they did not have an extensive tour to support it.  The success was based on the fact that it quite simply was a tremendous album by a band who had clearly grew into their creative peak.  Out Of Time has the curious distinction of being the number one album on Billboard's first Sound Scan chart (which more accurately reflects sales) and the only album to hit number one pre and post Sound Scan eras.where drummer Bill Berry plays bass or guitar on some songs, Mr. Mills works alot on keyboards and Mr. Buck tries his hand on the skins.  Out Of Time became the band's first number one album despite the fact that they did not have an extensive tour to support it.  The success was based on the fact that it quite simply was a tremendous album by a band who had clearly grew into their creative peak.  Out Of Time has the curious distinction of being the number one album on Billboard's first Sound Scan chart (which more accurately reflects sales) and the only album to hit number one pre and post Sound Scan eras.
0393316041|5.0|This set of autobiographical stories brings together not just pieces of the life of Feynman, but also his joy of learning and discovery. He knows what is at the heart of science. It isn't only about finding out significant things or making improvements on others' findings. Science and life should be fun. Learning and playing are not mutually exclusive, and Feynman found a playground in laboratories, bars, Japanese hotels, and topless clubs alike. If books can help you see different perspectives, this one does it as good as any. People interested in education may find it insightful as well.
B000002LFU|5.0|After the success of Document, R.E.M. moved from college radio giants to mainstream stars.  They made the move from the independent IRS label to corporate rock giant Warner Brothers. Green is their debut release for Warner Brothers.  While many diehard fans felt the band sold out, R.E.M. proved that you could work in the mainstream and still maintain your integrity.  Green does have a more commercial sound than their previous efforts, most notably in the big hit &quot;Stand&quot;.  With the chance to reach a larger audience, the lyrics take on a more a socially active approach.  The album's title is about trying to become environmentally friendly and many of the song's deal with the government's and big business' pollution of the environment and its people.  &quot;Orange Crush&quot; is about the damage Agent Orange caused soldiers in Vietnam and &quot;You Are The Everything&quot; voices concerns about the ecology. &quot;Get Up&quot; is a call for activism.  &quot;Pop Song 89&quot; is a sarcastic take on their new found chart success.  &quot;World Leader Pretend&quot; is a great song and it also marked the first song the band ever printed lyrics to.  It is the only song from the album to have the lyrics included, but it such as masterful song, that aspect only enhances the power of the words.  Green was a big move forward for R.E.M. as they left behind their roots and started to grow towards bigger and greater commercial and critical successes.
0553278223|3.0|I rated my book, The Martian Chronicles, a three because the concept of the book was hard for me to grasp in some parts.  There were some parts that I understood very well like the gruesome parts were the martian kills the astronauts that were making up hallucinations and then commits suicide himself.  One thing about the book that was weird was that the humans are invisible to the martians and the martians are invisible to the humans, but somehow they still saw each other.  For example, the city of humans was not seen by the martians because of their transparency and the martians thought that the humans were not even there.  The humans thought that they were settling the planet by themselves but really the martians were all over the place.  This book was also different because of racial hatred present in these years.  How blacks were treated like they were in the fifties.  Also the martians treated the white astronauts like the whites treated the blacks.  This book overall was not that bad of a book, it just was confusing to me.
B000002LQR|5.0|One of RHCP's best albums.  The best song... Under the Bridge.  it was a massive success in the charts and John's intro in itself was the highlight of the single.  A fantasic album, which will not disappoint.  A must for music lovers.
B00005B36H|5.0|This album was released today in New Zealand on the 15th of May a few hours ago so I feel privaledged! Hmm its good to see Tool continue the use of excellent album art which mixes the real world with the spiritual. THe first thing one notices when you hear the cd is the cleaness of the production and the vocals are clear cut, with acidic guitars, throbbing bass and explosive drumming. All of these are perfectly mixed, and the opening track The Grudge screams both rage and reflection. The songs on Lateralus are much longer and there is less filler 'art tracks' if thats what you want to call tracks like Intermission which appeared on the last album. Lyrically Maynard continues his excellent melodic singing yet he can scream like the best of them ala ticks and leeches. Schism and Parabola exhibit excellent instrumentation and all the tracks on the cd I feel show a real maturity on the part of the artists. In short I love Lateralus, it has a personal feel, deals with larger themes and its easy to thrash to!
B00005B36H|5.0|if you havent got this album already, then the next thing you must do in your life is GET IT! The album speaks for itself...i dont have to say that it is superb because i would just be taking the words out of your mouth after you persue in hearing it!!
B00000JMQC|5.0|Yeah so The Wizard of Oz is a classic. I am a big fan of that film. Love that film all you want, and then open your mind a bit and accept the fact that Dorothy went on to other adventures and I'm glad that Disney showed us a little bit more of L. Frank Baum's brilliant world.<br />Disney could have easily tossed off a sugary sweet rendition of Oz, but director Walter Murch stepped up to the plate and instead produced a wholly unique film: a child's horror movie. OK, its not a typical horror movie - no blood or death or violence. Its tense, its eerie, its unflinching in painting life as hard and some people as bad. Its not REALLY scary if you're over 8 years old, but it is dark, it is disturbing, and it bravely shows how easily dreams and nightmares can evolve from one to the other. <br />A particularly eerie scene, that is effective because of its simplicity, occurs shortly after Dorothy is locked in a hospital. As she stands in a stark white room, on a thin metal bed, the world is as un-magical as any Kansas in MGM's OZ. The difference: the reality here is not just plain, its downright oppressive. While looking out the single dirty window we are suddenly conscious of a the reflection of another entity. As Dorothy turns around she finds a frail young girl, quite pretty, yet abnormally mature and subdued. The camera films her from Dorothy's higher perspective, making her shrink even further into the corners of the room. Her countenance is so strangely adult, and so contrary to her appearance, you know she has to be an apparition. She's frightening, yet immediately we know she means no harm. There is nothing menacing about her sulleness, a truly remarkable combination of character composition and a brilliant rendering of spooky realism - all accomplished with no special effects, no startling sound cue, no threat of violence or gore. Old fashion macabre suspense. Best of all, this is done by two honest, focused, natural young women, and a director who obviously respects and trusts young people.<br />Other horrors include the wheelers (again showing how easy it is to achieve the effect you want with talented performers rather than expensive computers) and the delightfully cruel witch Mombi, played to perfection by Jean Marsh. <br />Fairuza Balk is good, simply because she lacks all that annoying child actor cuteness. She's never 'clever' or 'bratty' or 'heroic' or 'cloying'. She simply reacts to what happens to her. Nothing more, nothing less. Her Dorothy is a curious and self sufficient little girl, but still a little girl. Its refreshing to see a young actor simply 'be' on screen. <br />People who hate this movie probably don't care for fantasy. If you like the genre, and if you like it a little on the dark side, then you will probably like this film. If you still relish in make-believe, see this film. If you are capable of re-imagining your surroundings, see this film. If you recognize and face life's most ugly characters and come away both stronger and more compassionate for it, see this film.<br />If you want every movie to have dancing munchkins... well... I'm sure you know what to watch.
0140186395|5.0|Steinbeck leaves no character here unscathed, if not by a current malfeasance, then at least by a tormented past.  One thing he does well by elaborating the good and evil theme from the Cain and Abel story, is to show how typically people think they need something to be happy, but then are less content than someone with far less.  But it's not that easy, because someone who looks relatively content, is actually just better at making peace with their own demons.  Sam Hamilton and the Chinese guy, for instance, seem to be coping much better than any of the newcomers from Connecticut with the way-better land, but still they suffer.<br />Pounding on the theme of a love deficit as an explanation for evil is also well done, in that Steinbeck shows that some forms of evil are outside this explanation, as well--for instance the unfathomable genesis of Kate's badness.  Dr. Dobson would say that some kids are just plain bad.<br />Timshel is a very touching way to end this, but not surprisingly, the Hebrew scholar I checked this with (who is on the board of directors of her temple), tells me there is more than one interpretation, and that it is not necessarily &quot;thou mayest.&quot;  But I have no reason not to like the interpretation discerned by the Chinaman, in consultation with the rest of his Chinese friends-cum-Hebrew scholars.<br />Roy the Model T mechanic (&quot;Jus call Me Joe&quot;) is also an appropriate character type who would fit right in to our network administrator culture of computer geniuses.<br />This book is disturbing, and so is Cain and Abel.  I doubt Cain was pleased with the result of his successful attack on Abel, which he must have thought he wanted, as well.
B000002MP2|2.0|You know, this is a great album and is chock full of really great songs . . . if you've never heard the Descendents or ALL. Every riff, every beat, and every melody is a re-hashed Descendents or ALL tune. You can't deny that Green Day's songs are infectious and catchy, that the musicians are all excellent, and that they sound very polished and professional. But it's hard to not sing other band's lyrics over their songs since they are so close. Compare &quot;Basketcase&quot; to the Descendents &quot;Get the Time&quot; and you'll see what I mean. However, this album is a great introduction to the melodic punk world, but a better introduction would be going to the source: the Descendents, ALL, the Buzzcocks, etc.
6305342776|4.0|A caveat before I begin.  The Black Hole came out when I was four years old.  For the next few years, I had Black Hole wallpaper in my bedroom.  Until it got too beat up for use, I had a Black Hole lunchbox and sitting in my old desk in my parent's house are my Vincent and Maxmillian toys that somehow have survived from 1979.  <br />So, suffice to say, &quot;The Black Hole&quot; was a big part of my childhood.  Having seen the film a number of times, and purchasing it on vhs upon rerelease a couple of years ago, I came to the revelation that it was (at best) an average sci-fi film.  The four-star rating derives from gratitude more than anything else.  Some aspects of the film do stand out.  <br />One of the notable achievements of the film is John Barry's score, which in one-third brooding, one-third hyperkinetic, and one-third heroic march.  In a way, the great variance in Barry's scoring highlights the fundamental flaw of &quot;The Black Hole&quot;.  To use a cliche, the plot is painted with wide strokes and alternates between a number of science fiction film norms, never staying for too long in any one type of groove.  At moments, the film plays like a vintage '50's morality tale a la &quot;Day the Earth Stood Still&quot; or &quot;Forbidden Planet&quot;.  Just as quickly, the film becomes a &quot;Star Wars&quot; redux with the heroes in white facing off against faceless villains.  Finally, in small portions through and dominating at the end, there are streaks of existentialist pretention that would have made Kubrick blush (or at least feel flattered).  <br />In short, the film itself never amounts to anything too deep because it never develops one theme or plays on one tone for too long for anything to come of it.  However, the film still gets a four-star rating.  Partially on nostalga, yes, but like so many films that transcend their plot loopholes and work, &quot;The Black Hole&quot; has a number of positives going for it.<br />As is often the case with many cult films or popcorn movies, &quot;The Black Hole&quot; has a distinguished cast of actors who lend the film more weight than it ought to have.  The special effects also give &quot;The Black Hole&quot; an intensity that carrys the audience through the film.  In fact, even by todays standards, the set design and FX execution hold up remarkably well.  Whereas the thematic tone of the film never seems to ring true or consistently, the mood of the film is carried and maintained by the sets and special effects.  In short, the film is an enjoyable romp on the sum of its parts if not its whole.<br />Ultimately, though, I imagine this film will fall into the same hole as other films (to use Disney as an example) such as &quot;Pete's Dragon&quot; or &quot;Old Yeller&quot; that will remain special to those who saw it in their youth, but be lost to newer generations of film watchers with countless more current popcorn genre flicks to choose from.  Alas.<br />Still, for any fan of science fiction and any fan of a good popcorn film, don't be afraid to get sucked into &quot;The Black Hole&quot;.  <br />And, when you go, please take that terrible pun with you.
B00005B36H|4.0|It has been a long time and waiting for some new tool. They continue were they left off with the last album. They are by far one of the best original bands left. If you liked their last album this one won't disappoint you.
B00005B36H|5.0|Aenima was a great CD, but I often find myself skipping through the tracks that aren't music.  Lateralus is a wonderful effort by Tool, every track is worth listening to over and again (well, maybe not the last one ;)  Easily the best release by Tool to date and best release of 2001 as well.  Hopefully we'll here more from both A Perfect Circle and Tool in years to come.
B00005BL2A|5.0|From the first beats of &quot;Dream On&quot; to the tender goodnight kiss of &quot;Goodnight Lovers&quot; this album is a true treat for the Depeche Mode fans and music lovers in general.  Martin Gore's brilliant writing pared with Dave Gahan's new vocal range is a lovely combination.  Producer Mark Bell takes the band in a different and intriguing direction from past cds.  &quot;Dream On&quot; and &quot;I Feel Loved&quot; are sure to be the singles that get radio play with their catchy beats and choruses.  The quieter songs are the real gems on the record.  &quot;I Am You&quot; and &quot;When the Body Speaks&quot; reveal a new tenderness in Gahan's vocals.  Current fans will be delighted with the record, but even more exciting is Exciter's sure ability to win over a new generation of Depeche Mode fans.
B00005BJPO|5.0|Finally, scrap your Canadian DVD release of Akira now that the new Special Edition is coming. This DVD is packed with features that only owners of the Criterion Laserdisc were privy to and then some. For one, the new dub features the original/international script found on the subtitled version which is much easier to understand. The most exciting aspect of this new DVD double set is the restoration by THX and the newly remastered soundtrack. At long last, this cherished Anime classic gets the complete treatment it deserved for nearly a decade.
0385484518|5.0|It may be a little too advanced for the younger crowd in my opinion, but it is a great one to start with.  Tuesdays with Morrie makes me think more about what to do for my small period of living, to wonder the world and do as I please.  This book really tells you to take a look at your life and to think more of what you want to do than what you &quot;need&quot; to do such as work long hours, get a raise, when the real meaning and true thing you need to do is make a difference, explore, ask questions, and to be open.
1881273156|5.0|When my husband read The Five Love Languages and then pronounced that it would change our marriage for the better, I was, at best, skeptical.  I do acts of service. He, in his own words, is a stubborn Norweigian who can do it himself, thank you very much. So not only did I never receive any affirmation for my acts of service, he never did acts of service. See where this is headed? He is a quality time guy. He'd make a date, set the time, and by the time the date came, I'd be stewing and think, &quot;I don't want to spend time with HIM!&quot; Then I'd be late, claim other priorities, etc. What a circle of continued frustration for both of us!!  When we both began to consciously speak each other's love language(s), our love for each other started to grow again; it had become non-existant. We went over the book with our girls and it changed the way we all give gifts, listen to each other and show our love for each other. We talk about friends, family members, co-workers, and neighbors love languages before venturing to show appreciation or love for them in the form of a gift, whether that be of time, words of affirmation, etc.  Thank you, Gary Chapman!!  You were God sent!
0679879269|5.0|Philp Pullman is the absolute master of his art. In The Amber Spyglass, smooth, effortless prose leads us to Lyra and Will's rendevous with fate You should read The Golden Compass and The Subtle Knife for the first two books in his 'Dark Materials' trilogy. Also highly recommended, the Sally Lockhart trilogy by the same author.<br />I won't waste my time repeating what other reviewers have said about Pullman's amazing gift of storytelling and his ability to weave plots and choose words that elicit the response he wants from his readers....<br />In the Dark Arts trilogy, Pullman has broken new ground, both in genre and in writing skills. Why not review the book for that unquestionable talent? The Amber Spyglass has never prostituted itself as a lesson in morals. It is just a ... good story, told by a master of his art. ...<br /><br />Leave Pullman be. He is giving pleasure to millions and his books are collecting well-earned credits for their sheer brilliance.
B00005B36H|5.0|This is definitely not the Tool of the previous albums, this is a mellower, but deeper Tool.  This album is not as harsh on the ears as the previous albums.  It would seem that alot of the feel of A Perfect Circle has melded into Tool's sound--in a good way.<br />What we have here is a balance between silence and noise, a delicate balance where the space between the peaks and valleys of sound are enormous.  The rage intersplices with the meditative in such a way that gives both multiple levels or more depth and meaning.  The silence finally shattered by the noise--the noise ultimately stopped by the silence.<br />Keep listening.  It get's better.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool with this new CD, this masterpiece, has done it again.  They havent put out a CD since 1996 or something like that and this is what they have to show for it.  From begining to end this has the sound of a #1 record.  From the use of strange sounds to the almost hypnotic and hard core sounds of the drums and guitars that are almost flawless, and anyone who doesnt think so is trying to find something bad about it.  Also the vocals and lyrics are incrediable.  Maynard and Justin, Danny, and Adam have really created their own \\"Heavy Metal\\" sound if you could call it that.  They are in their own genre.  I'd have to say, the best songs are #1, 10, 11, 8, just to name a few.  Listen to the whole thing it's all good.  Anyone who was a fan or even not a fan buy this CD. It's amazing that in this day and age with ... metal bands (not all) all around putting out garbage, that such a great piece of work can come out that's original and creative. Also by the way, the CD and insert artwork is really cool. BUY THIS CD!
B00005B36H|5.0|if you are a real rock fan and enjoy bands such as Deftones, Spineshank, Staind, A Perfect Circle, etc. you will love this new cd. Leteralus is a breath of fresh air and a slightly different sound for Tool that new listeners and die-hard Tool fans will appreciate. Most of you with a halfway descent radio station in town have probably heard &quot;Schism&quot; which is most like Tool's sound on their other cd's but songs like &quot;Parabola&quot; and &quot;Mantra&quot; are good examples of the new Tool sound so please download the free samples and definitely buy this cd!!
0151001634|5.0|Flowers For Algernon is a book that you cannot stop reading once you start. I am in 9th grade and my class is reading the book. When I picked up the book I thought it'll be any ol' book about some guy doing something to change the world...let's give it a shot. I've already finished the book and my class is far behind. Charlie is a great character, you feel angry at him but then you feel sorry for him because you would act the same way if that was going to happen to you.<br />I also have a cousin who has a sister who is retarted. I don't think she's heard of this book, so I am going to give it to her as a present. I can bet she'll cry...but it's a good book, I don't want her to cry though. I was about to cry and yes I am a guy, but it might be 'cause I was reading the book while having my face in front of the A/C.<br />All I recommend is that you pick up the book and don't let go of it until you're done reading.
B00005B36H|4.0|Lateralus continues the natural evolution of Tool's category-defying music.  An album that is even more cohesive than its predecessor, Lateralus shows off a lot of musical experimentation, with most songs containing many twists and turns, and most tracks flowing into each other.  Track by track:<br />The Grudge- A very good opener, long and complex.  Very good lyrics.<br />Eon Blue Apocalypse- filler track<br />The Patient- Nothing amazing.  It gets good at the end, but the lyrics are a bit immature for Tool.  They kind of fit into the theme of the album though.<br />Mantra- filler track<br />Schism- Extremely good, great lyrics on a long, complicated song.<br />Parabol- start of...<br />Parabola- Not as musically complex as grudge or schism, but still a very good track.<br />Ticks & Leeches- Standard F you song.  A good F you song, but certainly nothing groundbreaking.  Focuses on loud/quiet shifts.<br />Lateralis- One of the best songs of the album, very long and interesting.  <br />Disposition/Reflection/Triad- These three all flow into each other and basically create a 20 minute+ song.  Unfortunately, it is essentially Tool doing Pink Floyd, with most of the song repeating the same riff in different variations, and lyrics that would only fill a 6 or 7 minute song, not this monster.  This is no Third Eye.  Not that I want Tool to repeat themselves, but for me at least, this was quite an anticlimactic way to end the album.<br />Faaip de Oiad- filler track<br />I hate to be one of those people who chants the mantra of \\"this isn't as good as their last album that I loved! but that's honestly how I feel in this case.  Don't misunderstand though, Lateralus has many high points, and is certainly worth your time and money if you enjoy Tool at all or are interested in a good, intelligent, progressive, hard album.  And there's no telling what time will do for my appreciation of an album as complex as this, either.
B00005B36H|5.0|The album hit stores today and I picked it up as soon as I had a chance.  I listened to it all the way through, and I am happy to say that it is beautiful, intelligent, powerful, and unpredictable.  Tool has done it again.  Having only listened to it all the way through once, I can't pick any standout songs, although parts of the Grudge, Parabol &amp; Parabola, Lateralis, and Triad did catch my ear especially.  They seem to be focusing a little more on instruments this time around instead of Maynard's voice.  The intermediate tracks are a little less abstract this time and a lot more musical.  Aenima I think was a little more diverse, but lacked the continuity and theme of Lateralus.  Overall a great record, I can't wait for it to grow on me and gain a special place in my heart along with Aenima and Undertow.  And for the record, I just have to say that the album art and packaging in general is by far the best I have seen in any album, bar none.  Go get Lateralus now.
B00005B36H|5.0|Only Tool would open a new album with an eight minute long epic, and half way through the first track &quot;The Grudge&quot;, you realise Tool are back and despite the five year wait after the brilliant masterpiece Aenema, they have not lost any of their creative genius. This album follows on from the dark and distorted style on Aenema and features thirteen impressive tracks, a handful of these tracks are weird interludes but still fit in nicely with the high points of the album. The album is a wopping seventy eight minutes long with Maynard in great form with both his singing and unique songwriting ability. The instrumental brilliance also shines throughout with drummer Danny Carey the standout with his superb variation and great use of the doublebass. <br />The standouts on the album are the single &quot;Schism&quot;, &quot;Parabola&quot;, &quot;The Grudge&quot; and the explosive &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot; which features a great tribal drumming intro and finale and clocks in at eight minutes. Out of the actual songs the shortest track is &quot;Parabola&quot; which is by no means a short song (six mins). However despite the long songs, Tool have that tremendous ability to keep you perked up the whole way through and the songs never lose their impact. Another masterpiece from this eccentric quartet.
B000002H33|5.0|What can I say that hasn't already been said about this phenomenal album? 15 years old now and not aged a bit, just as relevent and amazing now as ever. Easily my favorite mainstream metal record. Fave track is &quot;Orion.&quot; All other 7 tracks are a close second. Not as commercially successful (like I care) but actually quite superior to the Black Album, and miles above their material from '96 on. Even edges out &quot;Kill 'em  All&quot;, &quot;Lightning&quot; and &quot;Justice.&quot; THE landmark in speed/thrash metal. This mind-bending album cannot be recommended enough. Buy the thing and rock on!
6301763041|5.0|This is the greatest movie in the whole world. I could not live without this movie. Anyone who has not saw this movie needs to buy it today. I love everything about it, the music, characters, and the storyline. I even bought the soundtrack, which is great also.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool began their epic career with the awe inspiring Opiate. Soon followed Undertow, my personal favorite Tool construction, then came Aenima which to me seemed to be too dirty (in sound not content), but now comes Laterus. Laterus continues in the tradition Undertow started. Laterus' strange time signatures and unusual riffs and the stiff, original vocals supplied by Maynard form a masterpiece of alternative metal history. Maynard shows once again that his voice is capable of so many things. Sometimes he's soft other times he's screaming... 5 STARS.
B00000099Y|4.0|I love Tool's unique sound, and they are all very good musicians, but there's something about this album that makes me hesitate to call it great, instead of just very good.<br />Tool is in deperate need to get their songwriting skills sharpened by a good producer. I'm not saying the music's bad, but the songs just tend to DRONE ON AND ON without any sense of movement. Piece of advice guys: cut out about of minute of each song, and you've got yourselves a great band.
B00005BL2A|5.0|This, DM's tenth album of original music, is it's own entity, taking a major experimental direction in the tradition of bands like the Velvet Underground.  Unlike 1997s Ultra, which displayed heavy laden electronic themes with zippy and melodic flare, Exciter gives us a very solemn and tranquil moodiness that hypnotizes its listener.  David Gahan has never sounded better and his voice &quot;Shines&quot; on many tracks, particularly &quot;Goodnight Lovers&quot;, &quot;I Feel Loved&quot; (no doubt, the next single for this album), and &quot;Freelove&quot;.  Martin Gore's two vocal tracks (&quot;Comatose&quot; and &quot;Breathe&quot;) are so touchingly sweet that one will drown in their tranquility.  I'm probably wrong, but I could swear during &quot;Breath&quot;, that Martin was singing to Jesus Christ himself.  &quot;Dream On&quot; is longer on the album than the single version, which gives it a more well rounded complexity that just plain works.  I was surprised that the instrumental &quot;Easy Tiger&quot; was so short but it reminded me very much of &quot;Uselink&quot;, which is the intro to &quot;Useless&quot; because it's the intro to the lovely &quot;I Am You&quot;.  Both are on the same plain, just presented in different styles.  A very satisfying album and a wonderful new style for Depeche Mode.  But I fear that not everyone will appreciate this album because they want a more traditional DM sound and this is anything but that.  Most of the DM fans from the early days (Some Bizarre Album &amp; Speak And Spell) will probably be the hardest on Exciter, finding it very difficult to accept.  I say take it for what it is and listen with an open mind.  I've been a fan since Violator and own all their albums and have never had a problem accepting any transitions they have made in their twenty-something career.  Don't listen to reviewers who give Exciter one or two stars.  They just can't appreciate it because they are two close-minded.  This happens a lot when a bandlike Depeche Mode lasts so long in the music world.  Unless they keep giving old fans carbon copies of their favorite albums they turn on them.  I certainly don't want DM redoing Violator, Black Celebration or Music For The Masses.  They've already made them and once is enough.  If you decide to write a review at least wait awhile and let the album grow on you before you pass judgement.  As for me, this is just another feather in Depeche Mode's cap of successes and I can't wait to see them on tour.  It will be a great concert.  So see you at the tour and continue to stay devoted.
6305828075|5.0|Cameras were placed in the cockpit, under wheel wells, inside gun bays, behind armor plates, and between the pilots' legs to capture some of the best color footage of air combat and P-47 ground strike missions ever released to the public.  This documentary was made during the war and captures a lot of the flavor of the combat and the men that worked the machines.  You'll feel like you've gone back in time to join a P-47 Thunderbolt squadron during Operation Strangle, the conquest of Italy when Patton's push north stalled in the mountains of northern Italy.  Old Blood N Guts couldn't move forward because of terrain and the well-trained German army, so the Thunderbolts were sent in to bomb the bridges, railroads, truck convoys, and shipping to weaken the German war effort.  Great color footage of combat and life behind the lines.  I just wish it was longer!
B00005B36H|5.0|Simply put there is nothing new out there right now that can equal the sonic might, stage show, or psychological power of one Tool. In my opinion, Tool's latest epic is a technical masterpiece of musicianship that no one else out there can rival, except maybe a handful unsigned bands and other revolutionaries such as Radiohead.<br />I wouldn't go as far as to say that &quot;Lateralus&quot; is Tool's &quot;best work&quot; simply because I don't think of music as being better or worse. It's all subjective opinion. But I would go as far to say that &quot;Lateralus&quot; is more than likely my favorite Tool album, &quot;Aenema&quot; coming in a fairly close second. And that's quite a lot for me to say considering Tool is one of my favorite bands at the moment.<br />Each effort put forth by the artists on this album is superb. Danny Carey's tribal drum skills are mesmerizing, Maynard James Keenan's vocals are the most beautiful and angry I've possibly ever heard anyone sing, Adam Jones' guitar playing is spell-binding, and the whole while, Justin Chancellor's magnetic bass riffs drive each song solidly from one extreme to the other.<br />If you want music for the ears AND the soul, this is the album to get right now. I suggest that everyone, even if hard and heavy is not your style, to give Tool an honest try. You will not regret it.
B00001XT76|3.0|My review is actually about the DVD itself, not so much the movie.  The movie, if anyone reading this has actually not seen it (!), is so bad its great!  There are so many things to love about this movie, from the dialogue (bad but campy) to the acting (acceptable) to the plot (nostalgic) to the dancing (great) to the love story (somewhat engaging) etc. etc.  <br />The DVD itself, however, is supposed to contain additional scenes and material that the avid fan of this movie could not be too excited about.  Well, perhaps my expectations were too high, but I expected outtakes and interviews that just did not exist.  The bios I can get anywhere, and the additional scenes I had seen before.  There is nothing added to this DVD that makes it &quot;collectible&quot;.  The movie itself is enough!
B00005BL2A|2.0|Lionell Richie meets Depeche Mode's Violator.  <br />That about sums it up.<br />The album needs a drive or a pulse to keep it moving along.  The synth work and production work is excellent, however, the depressing and over-the-top lyrics we've all come to expect from Depeche Mode have been wiped.  The music doesn't overcome this, and you're stuck with ... less bucks in the bank account for a CD that does not live up to expectations.
0812550757|5.0|Amazingly, Orson Scott Card has improved on the perfection of Ender's Game. Ender's story continues in the far future, where Ender still lives through the miracle of relativity. Ender has become one of many speakers for the dead, and goes to speak for a death on a planet where humans have found their second chance after the destruction of the buggers, another race, this one less advanced than the humans, in a position of weakness.  This race, the humans decide, should be &quot;protected&quot;.     Speaker for the Dead conveys many ironies, one of which is humanities' loathing for the the horrible genocide, Ender.  And their love for the emotional genious, the Speaker for the dead, both of them Andrew Wiggin. Another is their irrational fear of the unknowable, the new alien race they have discovered. If the humans fear a race they could easily destroy, then they have learned nothing.      The folly of humans and the wisdom, combined, make Speaker for the Dead a work of art. And so I must say again, as others have said, praise for Orson Scott Card.
B000002HEM|5.0|This is just a great CD. All of my favorite Maniacs songs are on this CD. I own a number of Maniacs CDs, and this is by far my favorite.<br />A lot of times artists will play around a lot when they play live with the rhythms and sound, and it totally changes the way the songs sound. This CD is a rare exception of this back trend in recorded live music. The music sounds even better than the studio recordings.
0451163532|5.0|Concerning the review of A Reader from Oregon, concerning your comments about the no picture of Rashid. Please read the Preface where Ken Follett clearly states that Rashid is NOT the man's real name and Rashid would be in danger if his real identity were known. Would it not follow that if they published a book with his picture in it, he would be in just as great a danger? There is a good reason for his picture NOT being in the book. <br />Basically this is the story of heroism by civilians that volunteered to help out two of their countrymen in trouble. If you find this boring, I would suggest you have a surgeon reconnect the missing portion of your brain, if possible.
B000007489|5.0|This is, quite simply, my favorite Suicidal Tendencies album of them all, and the album that got me into punk.  There's elements of heavy metal and thrash here as well, but any album that crams twelve songs into less than half an hour is definitely punk!  If you want the original version of &quot;Institutionalized,&quot; this is the album you want.  It's not the only good track here, but even if it were it's still worth it.  The lyrics of &quot;I Saw Your Mommy...&quot; are indeed sick, but in such an over-the-top way you can't help snickering.  Same for &quot;Suicidal Failure,&quot; in which Mike Muir recounts failed attempts at offing himself.  Some of the more political content (&quot;Two-Sided Politics,&quot; &quot;Fascist Pig&quot;) seems a bit underdeveloped, but hey, these guys were kids back then.<br />If there is any ST album you MUST buy, it is this one.
B00005B36H|4.0|I own all but the debut album of Tool.  The latest, Lateralus, is no disappointment.  While the band still drives their hard-hitting music to the listener, they have evolved as a band, staying true to their musical roots, but giving the listener a complex arrangement that will stir true music lovers.  There are subtle hints of Eastern cultural influence weaved in the  music.  The album is A Perfect Circle on steroids.  Complex and melodic, but still action-packed to please even the strictest of Tool fans!
1878424319|5.0|The sweetness lingers, ..... even many days after I started reading another book. As if I have covered with a shield of golden chocolate (gold and chocolate being my 'first' love), a shield of thick dark strong chocolate further covered by 24K gold leaves. It seemed all common sense, but the words came so strongly, yet so sweetly, sometimes they came as a surprise, a very nice surprise. They linger as rain drops in a hot dry day, as rainbow on a cloudy day. GinYeechu@hotmail.com &amp; ginyeec@touro.edu
B00005B36H|5.0|Excellent.  If you need something fresh and fulfilling, a total retreat from the mundane and sluggish pop/rock sludge you hear belched across the FM bands every day, this is the answer.  Tool has raised the bar with Lateralus.  From the break-neck strength of The Grudge to the macabre psychobabble of Faaid De Oiad, this album is a masterpiece.  Adam Jones is great on guitar, especially on The Patient, which is my personal favorite on the album.  Justin Chancellor shines throughout the entire album.  Danny Carey has completely obliterated any doubt that he is undeniably the greatest drummer in music.  Bow down!  Maynard's words and style are strong and strange.  Alex Grey's artwork is magical and helps set the tone for the album.  The tabla rhythms and Middle Eastern undertones of Disposition, Reflection, and Triad are mesmerizing.  Powerful, melodic, mysterious, mystical...  Lateralus stands alone.  I can't say enough about this release.  Lateralus is truly a benchmark in musical creativity.  The Spice must flow.
B00005B36H|5.0|What can I say about this cd. It appeals to your eyes before you even put the cd into the stereo. Those who know what the packaging looks like, you will agree when I saw it is extremely artistic, beautiful and creative. The best packaging I have ever seen. What can say about the music that someone won't say after me..well i cant. This is cd is perfect, just flat out an amazing, beautiful musical journey. This is such a great cd, if you dont have it, get it, and be satisfied
B00005B36H|5.0|It's been a long wait, but Tool has made the five years well worth it.<br />They take all the best things about their 1996 masterpiece Aenima and run with them, extending and stretching the genre much further.  In fact, Lateralus is more of a step from Aenima than Aenima was from Undertow in terms of weaving intricate time signatures, complex and shifting syncopations and emphases, and starkly contrasting dynamics and tones.  There is no other band on the planet doing what Tool is doing.<br />To the new Tool listener: This music is as demanding on the listener as it was on the band to write and perform. Layers of complex rhythm and sound swirl around in a chaotic miasma, waiting for you to discover something new every time. I still hear new things almost every time I listen to Aenima. If you're not up to the challenge, or are looking for another Perfect Circle album, don't say I didn't warn you.<br />To my fellow musicians: You can't afford NOT to be listening to this album. Each of the four members is one of the best around at his instrument (and I consider Maynard's voice a beautiful instrument the way he uses it), and yet the four individuals put all selfishness aside in the interests of creating great music as a group. I am especially blown away by the increased presence and complexity of Justin's bass playing. The bass, guitar and drums serve as separate voices, which explore different territory at times, yet ultimately work together to become something more than the sum of the parts.<br />In the context of the history of progressive rock, this is absolutely a new milestone. From the great 70's prog bands like Rush and Yes to the 80's prog masters Voivod (ALL bassists and guitarists should own the albums &quot;Dimension Hatross&quot; and &quot;Nothingface&quot;), Tool has assumed the role of leader of the genre in the last 8 years. In terms of technical musical complexity, I dare say (after having only owned it for 24 hours) that this is one of the most advanced recordings ever made. And the amazing thing is, at the same time, Tool maintains the level of emotional intensity of their previous work while delivering this amazing technical and well-polished performance.<br />To prove my point: My brother, who is an honors doctoral student in music theory at a major university, wrote as part of his Master's thesis an analysis of Tool's song &quot;Third Eye&quot; (the magnum opus of Aenima). He is doing a 3-hour graduate-level independent study of Lateralus in the fall.<br />Lateralus should prove a hugely rewarding listen to those who actively particiapate in the experience with the band.<br />Favorites after only three listens: &quot;The Grudge&quot;, &quot;Reflection&quot;, &quot;The Patient&quot;, and &quot;Lateralis&quot;. (Notice it's spelled differently from the album title, just as track 13 on Aenima was called &quot;Aenema&quot; and had a very different meaning).
B00005B36H|4.0|I will start by saying that I am a life-long tool fan. I am a senior in college; so I've been listening to tool for about 10 years now since the release of the raw and powerful Opiate. I am a music major who enjoys many different types of music with tool being my favorite. I am the lead singer in a band called Elohsa, and I model my voice after Maynard's. I have been waiting forever for this release. First thing today; I ran and bought this cd. It is terrific yet lacking the polished potency of Aenima. There many good songs on here; but it leaves me reaching for something more. The best songs are parabol/parabola, schism,the patient, and the title track. It feels rushed and choppy to me with long instrumental interludes to soak up some of the time rather than to paint a musical picture. The way that it ends really pisses me off--just a lot of noise. Each member does an incredible job on their instruments with complicated scores that shift meter often over tons of layers. I feel like Maynard fell short in the creativity department; maybe because of his involvement in another terrific group(APC). I hope to learn more and appreciate the cd more with about 10 more hearings. It always seems to take that long with tool albums because they are so deep. I just remember loving both undertow and aenima on the very first listen.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|It's not a &quot;Best Of&quot;, so of course it doesn't have every single Beatles gem you know and love. That would be a 3 or 4 CD set. And it is missing some songs, but maybe they're missing for a reason. I'm not arguing and there's no need to. If you have to just have one Beatles CD (thats NOT an album), this would be it. It spans The Beatles whole career in under 80 minutes and is an absolute pleasure to listen to.
B000003N89|5.0|Take it from this owner of every Diana Krall recording that this CD has her at a singing and playing summit.  Husky and seductive, her voice gently evokes the proper mood on each entry.  Highlights are bravado performances on Boulevard of Broken Dreams, You're Looking at Me, I'm Through with Love and Some Call It Madness.  <br />One play is all that is needed to convince the listener that this is truly an outstanding artist who has selected material she believes in.  There's not a single flaw in interpretation, style or delivery from beginning to end.  <br />Trust the reviews on this one.  I did and was rewarded with a 5 star treasure!
B00004Y2FT|4.0|I've recently developed a taste for what I can only describe as &quot;moody&quot; music.  While I normally avoid the so-called gloom-and-doom band genre, I've still fallen in love with female singers with angelic voices such as Mazzy Starr and Dead Can Dance (or anything Lisa Gerrard for that matter.)  I stumbled upon this group and found this CD to be the best of the bunch for new listeners such as myself.<br />Since the songs other reviewers listed helped me out so much in my search for which CD's to buy, I figure I'd also add my list of favorite songs in no particular order:  Rilkean Heart, Oils of Angels, Alice (I get a chill in my spine every time I hear that one!), Frou Frou Foxes..., Blue Bell Knoll, Eggs and Their Shells, Ivo, Blind Dumb Deaf, Sugar Hiccup, My Love Paramour, Pandora, Pink Orange Red, Pale Clouded White, Lazy Calm, The Thinner the Air, Cico Buff, Fifty Fifty Clown, Heaven or Las Vegas.<br />While I join many other reviewers in saying my favorite songs are ones not on this CD, you can plainly see the majority of the songs I like are included on this CD.  If you're a new listener like myself, I'd recommend starting with this one.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool is as evil as ever on their latest release.  Maynard croons as beautifully as always.  This is a must buy if you enjoy Tony Bennet or any classic crooning for that matter.
B00005B36H|4.0|ok. i just bought this cd today.if your a  long time TOOL fan, your going to like this cd. A LOT!! it's just fresh enough to be interesting, and at the same time, familiar enough to not alienate previous fans. the best songs, in my opinion, are THE GRUDGE, SCHISM (i think it's the first single), PARABOLA ( my favorite ...really rocks),AND LATERALIS. i'm sure more will emerge ,but i've only listened to it 3 or 4 time's. to sum thing's up. buy this cd. TOOL is one of the last great ,original rock-metal bands.
B0000020C4|5.0|Javert and Eponine. Terrance Mann simply doesn't have the power this Javert does, and the Eponine in this version doesn't whine through her nose like the original one did.<br />I must say that I HATE Micheal Ball, he has the most disgusting voice ever and completely ruins Marius. I hope he loses his voice and dies. Thank you. : )
B00005B36H|4.0|ok. i just bought this cd today.if your a  long time TOOL fan, your going to like this cd. A LOT!!! it's just fresh enough to be interesting, and at the same time, familiar enough to not alienate previous fans. the best songs, in my opinion, are THE GRUDGE, SCHISM (i think it's the first single), PARABOLA ( my favorite ...really rocks),AND LATERALIS. i'm sure more will emerge ,but i've only listened to it 3 or 4 time's. to sum thing's up. buy this cd. TOOL is one of the last great ,original rock-metal bands.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I know people think that singer(Scott Stapp)has attempted to mimic Eddie Vedder's(Pearl Jam)baritone-like voice. But how can you tell a person to stop singing the way they do, just because they are born with a certain voice. You cant change the way you sound unless you get your Adam's apple removed or something of that nature. Also, Scott Stapp doesn't really listen to Pearl Jam all that much. They aren't even one of his favorite bands. Scott Stapp idolizes bands like THE DOORS and U2 for their great singers. But Eddie Vedder is not one of Stapp's &quot;idols.&quot; Besides, why even compare their music to PEARL JAM'S. Pearl Jam is a great band, but they are a completely different style. They are more on the mellow side of rock and roll. Their guitar work is also very well, but there aren't any heavy riffs. Creed combines good vocals, and killer guitar riffs. Mark Tremonti's(Creed Guitarist) favorite band is Metallica, and so youll know, that is where Mark Tremonti got his start as a musician. Learning Metallica songs. When Tremonti jams out, he doesnt jam out to PEARL JAM, he jams out to the Heavy Metal maniacs METALLICA, the greatest metal band of all time. So please dont rag on Creed for having similar vocals, when in fact the music is completely different, because you cant change the voice you were given at birth. It is a part of who you are. So buy this cd, it wont disappoint you, especially if you like Scott Stapp's voice, and Mark Tremonti's great guitar antics.
B00005BL2A|5.0|What a great cd from Depeche Mode! Who could expect any less? This has to be one of their best albums in the last 10 years. The songs that stand out are the opening track &quot;Dream On&quot; with a bit of &quot;Personal Jesus&quot; in it. &quot;Shine&quot; is just a great ballad track, &quot;The Dead of Night&quot; is a hard industral song, while &quot;Good Night Lovers&quot; is a whispered love track, but the song that stands out the most is &quot;Freelove&quot; which is up there with &quot;Enjoy the Silence&quot; it has the same kind of feel to it. This is a fabulous cd and it takes from all the musical ideas made over the years and puts them into one great album, This is a must have for any music lover, Depeche Mode fan or not.
B00001NFCY|5.0|All i have to say is that Creed is not a Christian rock band. Although there are biblical references in their albums, it doesn't mean that they are saying allelugiah! Praise the Lord. I am a Christian myself, but even if i werent a Christian, i am sure i would be able to tell the difference between Creed and Christian Rock. The album is and overall great one, and it wont disappoint you.
B00005B36H|5.0|I just got this cd today and I cannot believe how TOOL has yet again put out an incredible album.  I cannot urge you to buy this album enough.  Every song conveys all types of moods, theres a song for every music lover.  From the most beautiful guitar and vocals, to the heaviest riffs and growls can be found on this album.  This is definately TOOL's most diverse cd to date.  Every song on this cd(not including fillers) is just incredible...BUY THE ALBUM!
B00005B36H|5.0|Oh my GOd!, Oh my God!, Oh my God!, Oh my God!, Oh my God!.... This album is truly the best Metal Album out there right now. Listened to it about 5 times fully today. Don't be fooled by first impressions. You cannot take in everything on the first sitting. You must slowly digest it for it to work its affects on you. You cannot use the mindset that has been molded into us by the Radio/Record Industry.  They are not short songs. They do not have hooks or catchy choruses. Don't buy Lateralus because the of the cool-looking art on the cover.  Buy it because you truly want to experience something not new to Metal, but forgotten.  Great Music.
B000002TQV|5.0|'The Bends' stands alone in comparison to the prestigious rock album's of the 1990's.  The whole album has a strong punch in getting the attention span of the most basic of music gurus.  From the psychedelic space-like opening to the genius of the last track (Fade Out....), it surprises with nearly every beat.  The title track begins in pure rock form and explodes with vocals, and then a nearly rap-like middle that returns to rock anthemism. The softer tunes don't 'sap it up' and the darkest tune, &quot;Bulletproof&quot; is a hidden gem along with &quot;Black Star&quot;. <br />Though lost in the success of their hit song &quot;Creep&quot; from their 1st album 'Pablo Honey', Radiohead's 2nd album has EVERYTHING a rock and roll fan can ask for. 'The Bends' never lets up and provided the momentum that has exploded into superstardom as the band headed into the new millenium.  They are quite possibly the most creative band in music.
0385495323|4.0|This book is a joy to read. It contains a thorough chronological overview of the history of codemaking and codebreaking. Included are numerous exercises for the reader, not least of which is the 'code breaking challenge', which was solved last year but which is still very interesting to try. Singh is very good at writing this type of text, as was already demonstrated by his other book 'Fermats last theorem'. Both books succeed at popularizing the scientific enterprise, and demonstrate that it is possible to explain higher math to the layman.
1563890119|5.0|Preludes and Nocturns is my favorite book period.  I write this review in order to 1)make my case and 2) allow my case to influence the overall star rating of this work.          Preludes begins with the explorations of an occult society in modern day England, an obvious comment on the place that the mystical has been confined too in the modern world.  What a better figure for what Gaimen is doing?  Gaimen begins his journey from the fantastically real (traditional modern comic) to the fantastical (Sandman comics) in mundane (if you consider occult rituals and the like mundane, which in the comic world, it is) reality.  Admitedly, the 'sleeping disease' was a little bit weak, but beautifully done.        From here, Gaimen establishes Morpheous as a character by having him, esseintally, reconstruct himself.  This has become such a pervasive theme in recent theatrical and literary works, that the only comment worth making here is that Gaimen did it before it was cool.        Further, can you have a more visceral conveyence of the reality and delusions of a madman than '24 Hours'?  I think not. Anyone who is not transfixed and horrified by that episode should return to thier fufilling lives of Ally McBeal and reruns of the Cosby Show.          Finally, 'The Flutter of Her Wings' provides a welcome and necessary contrast to the horror of '24 Hours' and demonstrates Gaimens perceptive need for emotional juxtaposition even when so allegedly 'inexperienced'.  Without this episode, while in my opinon certainly not the most affective episode, the graphic novel would be incomplete, unbalanced.  Beyond that, the addition of anymore episodes of this tone would have abraded the feeling of release that 'Her Wings' presented.        Preludes and Nocturns is my favorite work in the Sandman series, for perhaps the very reason that the narrative is not so meticously constructed.  Gaimen was, at this point, playing with his ideas, and it lent a tone of possibility and mysticism that resonated throughout the rest of the series, as the series became more and more routinized in traditional plot structure.  In my opinion, Preludes is the work that broke the ground for Sandman, not as a well-written series, but as a well done and well-exicuted series.
B000056N8X|3.0|When I heard they were releasing yet another &quot;Highlander&quot; motion picture, I immediately thought it would be garbage.  That's a discouraging feeling I think most fans of the original movie (and fans of the tv series) shared simultaneously, and at the very least, it would be proof of how the right films never ever get the production and treatment they deserve.<br />Setting aside the continutity errors galore (for the moment), I will start by telling you why I liked this film; Bruce Payne-- however over-the-top he might be--was still a much better villain than Mario Van Peebles, not to mention more believeable.  Check out Passenger 57 if you're not convinced.<br />The interplay between Adrian Paul and Christopher Lambert is forced and a bit awkward at times, but near the end, very poignant, in a way that William Shatner couldn't manage with his own on-screen 'death' in the 7th Star Trek film.  The martial arts choreography (for the first time in the series) is given a class-A treatment (kudos to Donnie Yen, as well as Adrian Paul for not using a stunt double) and looks much better than most of the current martial arts films on the horizon.<br />The effects look more expensive than the tv show (I would hope so), but much cheaper than a film should look.  So try not to think of this film AS a film, and instead as a high-budget tv production, and you'll see it's not that bad.<br />Some of the edits are sloppy (why fast-motion photography over the beautiful Scottish highlands???  Ripping off Braveheart will never hurt your movie!), and the plot is full of holes for those in the know.  But compared to the second and third highlander films, it's a lot better than it had a right to be.
B00004Y6RO|5.0|it's just funny ... i just can't think of a better way of how to describe this kind of music. although this is definitely not music i use to listen to, it's just... great! go to a live concert, if you want to get the ultimate kick - but beware of some of the folks who join it - they are not funny but scary as hell - but you just have to think of this, if you go to a slipknot concert. i can only recommend those guys. buy the cd!
B00000J6AG|4.0|Finally, after two years of critical hype and media-inflated importance, I succumbed in the music store and bought a copy of &quot;Play&quot;.  Generally I don't agree with most critical favourites; most music critics also write for the cooking section in whatever publication they derive their income from.  And while I can't agree that it's the masterpiece so many people seem to think it is, I will admit that I had a hard time hating this album.<br />For one thing, it's unabashedly mellow in it's lighter moments; remeniscent of a more imaginative Enigma.  I've got a soft spot in my heart for any album that can chill me out on a rough day, and many of the tracks herein can do that for you.<br />Ironically, I exiled myself from TV way before this was released, so it's play on numerous commercials has had no 'sickening' effect on me.  It's in no way innovative, but rather (as Joni Mitchell once said about Prince), it's extremely well-crafted.<br />From techno to break-beats, to muzak, to movie score-esque melodies, to bastard blues breaks (sampled, of course), it's got something for everybody, really.  Worth picking up.
B00005BL2A|4.0|Exciter is close to the equal of Ultra. The best tracks on the album are1, 3, 5, 7, 9, and maybe 12(I can't decide if I like this yet). For some, the band's earlier releases maybe better, depending on if you prefer some of the \\"lighter\\" techno-pop sounds in a number songs from the early 80's Vince Clarke era, but now the sound is darker and earns some of the \\"goth\\" titles critics have labeled the band. Much of this album sounds like recent DM releases. I was most suprised that the album has two instumental tracks. If you are looking for another Violater, this is not it. However, most followers of Depeche Mode are aware of the direction of music the band has taken recently and should find the album to be a worthy addition the the DM catalog.
B000059Z8J|5.0|Richard Donner's huge and exciting epic on the man of  steel was no doubt an ambitious project for them 23 years  ago.The salkind team gave it life and made one of the best comic to film transfers ever , the very reason why Superman works lies in it's magic and the very charm of it's cast and crew who all struggled to make an authentic film that would  appeal to comic fans as well as mainstream movie goers but  no one could have ever anticipated what Superman would do ,  but it sky rocketed at the box office , having the second  longest box office run in history.Even the director says  that no one could have played the role of the man of steel like Christopher Reeve for the hour and a half that he was  in it he was Superman and the uniform never looked better  on him better than any comic book could show him.<br />   It's cast includes the great Marlon Brando,Christopher Reeve,Margot Kidder,Gene Hackman,Jackie Cooper.The film  starts on the i'll fated Krypton where after a trail with 3 mysterious foes.Kalel played brillantly by Brando has a warning sign that Krypton is in danger,but the counsil  refuses to beleive him fearing the worst he and his wife  prepare to send his only child a son named Jorel to Earth as he sends the starship on his way the planet is self  distructing twords the sun until final distructon.<br />  When the starship lands in Smallville,Kansas he is now introduced to an elderly couple who will be his future  family.The film skips to Clark Kent's teenage years who  is played charmingly by Jeff East but must be embarresingly dubbed by Reeve is the most centimental part of the film  as he tries to cope with having super powers but when he  looses his father he dicovers a crystal and then discovers  where his future lies to the North Pole where he magically makes a fortress of solitude , there he will begin to learn about his past his father and why he is on earth after all  is said and done his father is now ready to give the world his son and weshall know him as SUPERMAN.<br />   In the film we switch scenes yet again to the Daily  Planet in New York where he plays out his secret identity and meets the specal woman that will capture SUPERMANS heart Lois Lane played humeriously by Margot Kidder when an accident happens atop a building when she is sent in  for an assignment , the world will get there first encounter with the man of steel an sets Lois heart afire,the most  romantic scene is a flying scene a memerable one with  Superman and Lois, but just as things are going well for Superman he meets his nemisis Lex Luthor who is played  even more humeriously by Gene Hackman who devises a plan for world domination and gives Superman a taste of his  own planet Kryptonite.Superman delays Luthors plans only to find the Lois is a casulty Supeman brakes the rules to save her and sets the tone for the exciting Superman 2.<br />   Packed with options such as a theatrical trailer and  deleted scenes one of them being Lex Luthor testing Superman in his gauntlet it is humerious.3 documentarys and for the  first time ever Superman in Dolby Digital now you can hear  Jhon Willam's amazing and awsome score in digital sound a  treat even for people that have already seen this movie grab Superman on DVD it is the only way to see this huge and epic classic it spawned 3 sequals the last two are  forgettable while Superman 2 is good companion peice to  the first film.
0441172717|5.0|&quot;Dune.&quot; You've all heard the name echoed down the corriders of masterful science fiction.  But have you read the book? Hopefully so - if not, the following review is geared to stear you in one direction or the other.  This amazingly complex novel follows an all too infamous VERY intricate plotline.  Keep reading to find out what it's all about.<br />Dune is set on the desert planet of Arakkis, where a precious spice is mined.  This spice is the planet's main economic &quot;cash crop&quot;.  But there are those that will stop at nothing to retrieve the amazing spice and its incredible profits.  Elsewhere, on the planet of Atriedes, Paul, young son of the Duke, travels to the planet of Arakkis with the royal house.  There he finds that he is the Kwistatz Haderach (sorry about the spelling!) and much more. <br />Should you buy Dune? Is it worth your hard earned money?  Take it from an avid and experienced reader of both science fiction and fantasy - YES.  Never let the winds of change catch the classics, because very often they're the most valued.  But I'm not going to stop here - what're the hard-core facts, you ask? Pros and cons?<br />THE PROS<br />A book well deserved of its famed name.  It is indeed a science fiction masterpiece.  Dune follows a complex plot, that although science fiction, capitvates the reader with extreme reality.  It's been a long time since I've read a book - fantasy, science fiction, or otherwise - that relays such a believable message to the ever avid reader.  But not ony the complexity of the plot attacted me to this novel.  Dune is masterfully written.  There's no other way to put it.  The characters are so devoloped that the reader feels for them, hates them, and understands them.  You can almost feel yourself in the neverending deserts of the planet Arakkis.<br />THE CONS<br />Ah, if the book is so well written, why do many people lack the heart to finish it? 1 - its complexity.  While this also makes the book believable and striking, it also makes the book complicated.  You need to be a dedicated reader to understand the topics presented in this book.  I don't recommend it for children - some of the topics, though perfectly appropriate, are extremely hard to grasp.  Many people may say the book is &quot;boring&quot; with long conversations and a plot going no where.  This is only becuase a reader does not understand the situations presented.  If you want to pick up this book, be ready to re-read a few sections, especially if you have trouble understanding the words between the lines.<br />Thanks for staying with me for so long! Those who skipped to the end, I'll sum it all up here: Dune's complexity makes it strikingly real and believavle, yet often times strict patience is required - as in real life.  But if you're wondering whether to buy it - I didn't give it five stars for nothing.  It's worth every penny, and more.
B000002HK4|5.0|This Dream Theater EP is a nice change of pace from their studio work. The opening title track is a 23-minute epic that is just simply vintage DT. Odd-metered and VERY intricate music from start to finish. The difference on this compared to their full-length studio work is that they actually included some cover tunes that were recorded live. DT covers quite a range from Journey's &quot;Lovin', Touchin', Squeezin' &quot;, Pink FLoyd, Elton John and even Queen. While the title track is a terrific listen, the cover tunes are also great to check out as well. It's a showing of the bands that DT seem to have been influenced by. &quot;A Change Of Seasons&quot; is a definite keeper mainly due to the covers they perform. It's not all the time you hear a great band like DT record some great cover songs.
B00005B36H|5.0|You have got to be kidding me. How can just these four mortals write such an eloquent, insightful, and musically ingenious masterpiece. Truly they are spawn from Gods. I must say that there was ABSOLUTLEY NO WAY to top Aenima. NO WAY! Well lets just put that whole concept to death. Hey TOOL guys. Stop it. I mean its kind of Pink Floyd'y but moreover kind of Anemia-esque and at the same time raw. I cant handle it my head is on fire im going to jump off a bridge. ( not really) but dont worry about me Buy this Damn album.
B000002JKA|5.0|I will admit that DT's &quot;Awake&quot; took me a while to really catch on to. After hearing cd's like &quot;Images and Words&quot; and &quot;Scenes From A Memory&quot;, &quot;Awake&quot; is a bit more heavier and kind of darker album compared to their other releases. Although the song I really get excited listening to from &quot;Awake&quot; is &quot;Caught In A Web&quot;. I love the way the drum and guitar rhythms interact throughout the song. &quot;6:00&quot; is another terrific highlight of the cd. That one features a great opening drum rhythm from Mike Portnoy that leads into some great rhythms from the guitars and keyboards.Another great standout on the cd is &quot;Lie&quot;. James LaBrie shows a pretty good vocal range on that tune and as with the mentioned above, the rhythms on this tune are fantastic as well.It just seems Dream Theater gets better and better with each new studio release. Chalk up another mindblowing cd from a VERY talented band.
0201633612|5.0|Design Patterns, referred to warmly as the &quot;Gang of Four&quot; book by it's fans, is the book that introduced me to the world of design patterns.  After reading this book, you'll immediately see patterns from it everywhere - many classes you use every day will suddenly all fit together in a pattern.<br />Besides being a tool for writing good maintainable code, patterns are a crucial tool for communication among developers.  Knowing even a half-dozen of the basic patterns will facilitate communication among team members immensely.  For instance, you may be having a whiteboard design session with another developer or two, explaining some particular design you have in your head.  Instead of having to detail 3 or 4 or more classes and how they would interact, you could simply say that you are thinking of using the Factory pattern here, and the Decorator pattern over there, and the others will know exactly what you are thinking.<br />The patterns are grouped into three groups: Creational, Structual, and Behavioral patterns.  Each pattern is considered in turn, each having sections detailing the intent of the pattern, the motivation for using it, the consequences (both good and bad) of its application, collaboration among the objects involved, and examples.<br />The examples are mostly in C++ with a small dose of Smalltalk, but the patterns are equally applicable to any object-oriented language, Java in particular.  Some of the patterns can be implemented even more simply and cleanly in Java, as a result of language features such as dynamic class loading, among others.<br />This book is well-written, and it's a quality book well worth owning.  It even has two nice ribbon bookmarks attached to the binding which makes to book even more practical as well as handsome.
B00005B36H|5.0|One word, and only one word.  INTENSE.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool is a great band, and this is another great CD. If you are already a Tool fan, definitely pick this up.
B00005BL2A|1.0|I hate to write such negative review after having the disc a mere 8 hours, but I can't help it. This CD is awful. I have been a big Depeche Mode fan for years and must say this cd is no where near the quality of which they are capable of. Basically, what you have heard on the radio is about as good as it gets, the rest of the cd is just crap. Buy Music for the Masses or Black Celebration if you want good DM, but DO NOT waste your money on this one.
B00005B36H|5.0|I'm not sure how Tool writes the material that they put out. After listening to Lateralus, i was beyond amazed. The balance between very visual (and beautiful) aural landscapes and the incredible musical complexity of the songs is near perfection. They manage to slip effortlessly from one complex time signature to another while keeping the tracks accessible. It is definitely a record that requires repeated listenings in order to fully comprehend it. Very submersive, indeed. The sound is almost like a conglomerate of the previous Tool albums, but with a definite evolution. The songs range from epic and intense (The Grudge) to quiet and eerily introspective (Parabol, Parabola) and flow together seemlessly. The vocal work on &quot;Ticks &amp; Leeches&quot; is downright creepy and very fitting. The music itself is overall dark, but with a distinct sense of melody and beauty that sets it miles apart from the plethora of &quot;Hard rock&quot; bands littering today's market. All in all, Lateralus breathes new life into what i considered a stagnant music scene. Enjoy...
B00004T9UF|5.0|Well all i can say is i love eminem not because off his good looks but his music, although he has some harsh words they dont mean a thing! all of is songs are a bit abusive but if u dont like language like that then i recon u should buy the vertion without the language in it!! if u didnt like eminems first album then u would defenetly like this. Thats all i can say bout this kool album with these last words IT HAS SOME HEAVY BEATS  4 all u rock people out there and this album is 4 anyone and everone ... all his songs r catchy WOOPS that more than a few last words  hahaha p.s BUY THE ALBUM
0440234743|5.0|This was one of the best works I have read yet of John Grishams.  It was adventurous and very well thought out.  I would recommend this book to anyone, in fact I have before and they have loved it as much as I have!
B000059Z8J|2.0|I realize that what i'm about to say is going to be considered sacreligious to all you S-Man fans,but DVD does nothing to hide the fact that &quot;Superman the Movie&quot;,and the rest of the series have not aged well.I loved them when i was young,but now,even with the enhanced sound,and fairly decent DVD transfer,there is nothing appealing about the man in tights.I tried to enjoy it  with the same youthful wonderment i did as a child,but i soon realized there's times when you can't go back.I did'nt even finish watching it,that's how boring and outdated everything felt.If you are a fan,you probably pre-ordered the original,or the collection the day it was announced,but i would caution the undecided to maybe rent them first,to see if the magic is still there.You'll be glad you did.
0898451299|5.0|I grew up with this book and it always remained as a special memory for me. I was ecstatic to order it for my daughter. Without any prompting from me, it has become her favourite book and she loves the reality of the stories as well as the colourful characters. If you want a great book for your young kids to enjoy for years. This is the one. Enjoy !
B00005B36H|5.0|I didn't think it would ever have been possible for Tool to make a better cd than Aenima, but somehow this one is. Among my favorites are Disposition, Lateralus, and The Patient. Art Bell fans would be happy to make an aquaintance with thise album, since track 13 (Faaip de Oiad- the voice of God) features a frantic Area 51 caller of the show. This Cd will make your Tool collection complete (well, at least until they come out with their next one).
6304925131|4.0|In The Rainmaker, Matt Damon plays a first-time lawyer.  He enters the popular, competitive profession with honorable intentions.  His character, Rudy Bailer, says he entered the legal profession to become a respected defender of civil rights.  Coincedentally, his father has a hatred of lawyers.  Rudy confides in the viewer that he &quot;didn't become a lawter to piss [his] father off, it just worked out that way.&quot;  Rudy's first case gets him in over his head when his clients sue Great Benefit Insurance, Inc. because they denied a legitimate claim.  His client's son, Billy Ray, has lukemia and the insurance company refused to pay their claim, hoping the insured wouldn't consult a lawter.  The company is obviously in-the-wrong and their corruption comes out during the trial in the dramatic courtroom scenes.  A bittersweet ending follows the case's final verdict, adding a nice twist to the plot.  The movie was interesting and enjoyable to watch.  It has a little something for everyone: suspense, humor, romance, and action.  This movie can be recommended for the majority of movie-going audiences and most will leave satisfied.
B00001NFCY|5.0|\\"Human Clay\\" is an excellent album. Creed is a band that has things to say in their songs and lyrics. Scott Stapp is a very good singer and knows how to interpret rock music vocally. Songs like \\"What If,\\" \\"Never Die\\" and \\"Wrong Way\\" are great rocks songs. I know \\"Higher\\" is probably the most popular song from this album, but I think it pales in effect along the other songs. But what I appreciated was that the lyrics aren't stupid. The problem with some rock bands is that their lyrics are stupid and feel like junk being yelled into a microphone. Creed's songs appeal to subjects like the trials of youth and what people go through. \\"What If\\" is a song that explores themes like envy, anger and revenge, things a lot of people can relate to. The best music is the kind that can reach out to people and grab the listener. In some aspects, Creed reminds me of The Doors (look for their cover of \\"Riders On The Storm\\" in The Doors tribute album, \\"Stoned Immaculate\\") in their intrica!te playing and unique lyrics. I think Creed really expresses the best qualities of rock and good rock lyrics. \\"Human Clay\\" is an excellent effort.
0767817478|1.0|This had some of the elements for a great movie: Godzilla and a big budget. But the bad elements, bad acting and no plot, ruined the film.<br />  What we got was a boring, stupid, overblown mess. I assume the makers of this dreck got bored too since that had to throw in that terrible &quot;love story&quot; subplot and the &quot;baby Godzillas&quot;. Even feeding Matthew Broderick to Godzilla at the film's start would not have saved this awful, awful movie.
B00005B36H|4.0|As a big fan of TOOL, I had great expectations for this album. When I first listened to it, I was a little disappointed to see that Lateralus isn't really as great as Aenima (which is one of my three top albums of all time). But this is not to say that Lateralus is worthless. On the contrary, I imagine that any TOOL fan will instantly feel at home listening to it. This is a very Toolish album, the style is reminiscent of their previous work, but with enough new twists to keep it fresh.<br />The only real downside to this album is its lack of major hit songs. Most the music is great, but there's not a single song that you'll immediately fall in love and become opsessed with, or a song that can be popular among the general audience (Aenima had many such songs).<br />Based on this, I'd recommend this album only to the hardcore TOOL fans out there. I give it 3 1/2 stars for the music, and 1/2 a star for the VERY original CD cover and book (You'll have to see it to understand:)!
B00000ILDF|1.0|It was supposed to be about the Aliens coming to Earth, but you know how things get screwed up in Hollywood. This is the end result. I give it 0 stars simply due to the lost potential. The script ideas for Alien 3 that were being tossed around sounded very exciting, what happened??  I surmise that someone was trying to make some grand statement about something but wound up making a bad sequel instead.<br />I guess that I was supposed to say &quot;I see, the Alien is a metaphor for the precarious nature of life, love and existence..blah,blah,blah&quot; after seeing this disaster in the theatres. What I actually said was &quot;I want my money back.&quot;
B000002B1M|5.0|Nas, what happened? &quot;It was written&quot; is hands down the best Nas album ever and one of the top rap albums ever as well.  Everything in this CD is great, but Nas seemed to stop being Nas after this album, mostly because of his beat changes.  Nas's lyrics aren't anything without Nas's beats, and this and Illmatic are the only album where that shows.
B00004U8JV|1.0|Now I hear that they made &quot;Jurassic Park 3&quot;. Frankly, I hated both films. They are just polished, hi-tech versions of &quot;Godzilla at Monster Island&quot;. There was some (SOME) novelty associated with the first film, it held my interest for over 30 minutes. This sequel is for little kiddies only: &quot;Looky at the din-o-sores Daddy!!&quot; Yes pumpkin, ZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzz.....
0671646788|5.0|If I could only recommend one book for success, this would be it. The information contained in this book is next to none. Complete with information on setting goals, dealing with fears and developing a great self-image, etc... In my my mind it has no equal.
B00000ILBK|3.0|The &quot;RULE&quot; is that even numbered Star Trek films are good or at least better than the odd numbered ones (Personally, I liked the first Trek film). I did'nt think this film was that bad. It could of been better of course but I enjoyed watching it and hey, you got to finally see the Captain's Yacht in action.
B00004YKUY|1.0|Well, I have to agree with all the Steve Perry fans.  Journey just isn't the same without the classic frontman.  Then the argument comes saying that Mr.Whatsit is just as good as Steve Perry. Why, he even SOUNDS like Steve Perry. Oh goodie. They sound totally different to me.  If Steve Perry wasn't important to the band, why find a singer so similar in style?  I feel that if the rest of the band members wanted a new feel , they should have found a new style alltogether.  Too bad, I was really excited when I found out a new album was coming out.  Hopefully, the other band members will come to their senses and bring the SOUL of Journey back!
B00005B36H|4.0|It vaguely whupped my a@@, but not that much. I will have to listen to it many more times to give a definitive verdict but I can say this. Tool does not dissapoint. I would recommend buying this if you are a tool fan, but if you have never heard tool before, get aenima.
B00005BL2A|5.0|When DM or the Cure come up with a new album, people say several predictable things.  One: this is a new, cheerful and optimistic outlook for the '80s gloom mavens.  Well, the title notwithstanding, anyone who says this is cheeful must be &quot;comatose.&quot;  Another: the techno-wimps are rocking out!  Maybe it was true of SOFAD, but this is better decorated with blips and other curious sounds than any previous album.  So, rumors aside, this is a great, gloomy, technopop album.  DM's tour has already sold out - even though a lot of people don't seem to know they're still around.  They must be the stealthiest superstar band in the world.  Martin expresses feelings in a simple way with an offbeat twist.  DM are one of those special bands, deeply loved and rightly so.  Buy this album.
B00000JJQK|5.0|Back in the summer of '74 as I was preparing to enter the 9th grade, I picked up the Beach Boys &quot;Endless Summer&quot;, and as an after thought, a copy of &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; (wasn't it all surf music?). As much as I enjoyed songs like &quot;I get Around&quot; and &quot;Surfer Girl&quot;, it was Pet Sounds that I kept coming back to as a pimply faced teen. The darn album spoke to me. The youthful innocence of falling in love. The pain of falling out of love. Then there was the sound. My god, that sound. Pianos being plucked from the inside. Bicycle horns and bells to signify innocence. Kettle drums playing a melody. Astonishing vocal arrangements. An entire song (&quot;Let's go away for a while&quot;) that is impossible to humm or whistle the melody to... I felt like I accidently discovered a Mona Lisa in the attic. It was one of those rare albums where you could close the bedroom door to the world and get totally lost in the music - and hear something different with each listening. Why wasn't this universally loved back in '66?. Thirty-five years after it was born, it's finally getting its due by more people than the critics. There has never been quite another album like it. In some respects it's like Thomas Hart Benton meets George Gershwin, and it's as current now as it was back then. In the age of synths and overdubs, the sound on this album will not likely be reproduced. Recommended for anybody who is, hopes to, or ever was in love, and for people with ears. It's a sonic masterpiece. Sir George McCartney summed it up best when he said &quot;nobody's musical education is complete without this album&quot;. Not only has Mojo dubbed this the greatest album of all-time, but so has Britain's NME (New Music Express). I can't argue.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|Wow!  I could not believe how good this album was.  I had checked out the cd before i bought it and i was a little wary of buying a cd with songs sung mainly by actors and actresses, then one night i was listening to it at work (i work in a music store) and i couldn't believe it, the cd was awesome.  It takes older songs, like Marilyn Monroe's &quot;Diamonds are a Girls Best Friend&quot; and and does up to date covers on them.  This is most definitely one of the best soundtracks i own, and i recommend it to everybody.  All those people out there who are looking for &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; w/ Pink, Mya, and Christina, you don't have to worry about buying the cd for one song and then having the rest of it stink.  This is definitely one of the best.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Tom Cruise plays Dr. William Harford, who plunges into an erotic foray that threatens his marriage - and may even ensnare him in a lurid murder mystery. But only this starts to happen AFTER he is told by his wife, (Nicole Kidman) of her desire for a navel officer.<br />I liked 'Eyes Wide Shut' from the moment I saw it! It was the first DVD I brought. I was compelled by the story. Totally absorbed from the moment I put it on. It is also the first Stanley Kubrick movie I've seen. I was very impressed. The minute it finished, I wanted to put it on again.<br />Time has said - &quot;Kubrick's haunting final masterpiece, vivid, brilliant, unforgettable.&quot;<br />Chicago Sun-Times has said: &quot;a worthy final chapter to a great director's career.&quot;<br />I agree with all of that.<br />Yes, this film creates a lot of controversy. There are some sex scenes but purhaps not as many as some people would like to believe, from the previews.<br />It is a film full of rich well defined colours. It has an opera-like feel to it, with haunting, startling piano cords, and other beautiful music.<br />Two years spent making it. It is worth it.<br />With many interesting and mysterious characters, it is worth more then one viewing.
6305364613|5.0|This movie was really good dispite what many critics say. Some people think that the movie was poorly acted and over dramatized, but it is not. Although, I really like the Zeffereli version of Romeo and Juliet, this one gets your heart pounding. Lurhmen does a stunning job of giving an old classic a modern day twist without distroying its brillence. Younger people will be able to follow the plot while more watchful veiwers will be able to get the many instances of symbolism. I would recommend this movie to anyone because it ROCKS!!!
B00003CWL6|5.0|Lester Burnham, (Kevin Spacey) is an adult who is trapped in a cell during his day to day life. He is a free man, he just has trouble talking to his wife and daughter Jane (Thora Birch, from 'Patriot Games', 'Clear &amp; Preasent Danger').<br />Until he goes to see Jane play a game of netball. During the interval, cheerleaders entertain the audience, and Lester is drawn into a fantasy world by Jane's friend, Angela Hayes (Mena Suvari 'American Pie', 'Loser'). He is no longer in a cell. He can now live again thanks to her. And a boy next door who films everything through his video camera, not to be a voyeur, but to look for people's inner beauty.<br />I think this movie builds tension well. It also makes beautiful use of rose petels. It has an ending that may shock you.<br />'American Beauty' is an interesting movie. It has some controversial themes, and it also is directed in a different fashion to other movies. The director/writer commentary is very interesting. I also like the belly-button art work on the cover. Very beautiful.<br />Some people may find this film depressing. It isn't a comedy, but it is still well done. I didn't want to see this movie at first, but once I did I liked it. This movie grows on me every time I watch it. A very worthy winner of Best Picture.
B00005B36H|4.0|LATERALUS is one of the greatest albums to come out in a long time, and i would definitely like to hear more of Tool on the radio instead of that Creed crap or Greed Day or that stupid song  that keeps saying &quot;kryptonite&quot; -- I don't even know who that is! The point is, this album is sort of a revival of the great rock of the mid-nineties, which is incidently the last time Tool produced anything.  AENIMA was an amazing album, and if you get LATERALUS, I would definitely recommend getting AENIMA too.    As for LATERALUS, the best song is by far &quot;Reflection&quot;, and  other good songs are &quot;Lateralis&quot;,&quot;Schism&quot;, and &quot;Triad&quot;.  As for  the two songs that try to be the hard backbone of the album,  (Parabola and Ticks&amp;Leeches)I am sad to say that Tool   screwed them up.  Too many symbols, too much background noise,  and on Ticks&amp;Leeches, Maynard does some little scream that   sounds like Aerosmith or something, the whole song is laughable. But how can I give it 4 stars you ask? The answer is the song  &quot;Reflection&quot;. It's so amazing, that I would buy an ablum of   repetitive generic rock songs to get it,,, and did!
B00004U8H4|1.0|'American Psycho' is about a man who thinks his 'mask of sanity is about to slip'. He has a tendency to go crazy and kill guests at his home. He uses chainsaws, axes, knives. Lots of unpleasent things to make sure his innocent victims stay DEAD. You don't see him killing anyone. Just the dead bodies, but that is not the point.<br />With such talented actress's like Reese Witherspoon and Samantha Mathis, it is extreamely disappointing to find that they are totally wasted in this movie. They deserve a lot better.....Hopefully with such small parts, people will forget that these two women are in this shocking movie and not hire it.<br />This movie should have stayed as a book.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|this movie was great, i was into the movie from the start till finish!
B00004U8H4|1.0|'American Psycho' is about a man who thinks his 'mask of sanity is about to slip'. He has a tendency to go crazy and kill guests at his home. He uses chainsaws, axes, knives. Lots of unpleasent things to make sure his innocent victims stay DEAD. You don't see him killing anyone. Just the dead bodies, but that is not the point. <br />With such talented actress's like Reese Witherspoon and Samantha Mathis, it is extreamely disappointing to find that they are totally wasted in this movie. They deserve a lot better. They are not even in the sex scenes, that aren't even very good. Hopefully with such small parts, people will forget that these two women are in this shocking movie and not hire it.<br />This movie should have stayed as a book.
B00005B36H|5.0|Words definitely can not describe this cd.  They are by far the best rock band or band for that matter ever.  They go where no other band will dare to go.  They like their music different and so do I.  I'm tired of one band sounding just like the last one.  TOOL is definitely genuine with every song they make.  It's never been done before...unless you want to talk of Pink Floyd.
B00005B36H|3.0|The long awaited Tool album is here at last. Unfortunately there is not much new about it. It sounds more like a collection of songs that did not make it on Mer de Noms than what I would expect from a Tool album. This album is simply another platform for Maynard's crooning. In the past Tool's ability to mix world music influences (spec. Indian) with driving rythms and ethereal guitar made it preferred listening.  The latest effort captures some of this but does so in a way that is either  ineffective or just plain worn-out. While Lateralus is certainly Tool, it is not as inspired as Aenima. My advice to Tool: next time rock harder, try a little more cross-cultural fusion (some Egyptian stuff would be cool), and lets hear a little less sorrow and a little more anger.
B000003S0D|5.0|I love this album, even though I can rarely listen to it. &quot;Lizard&quot; has astonishing jazz sections that morph into hard and prog-rock.  True, Fripp himself rarely picks up the guitar as often as we are accustomed, but the sheer weirdness of it all makes up for his absence.  I mean, this album is WEIRD. It creates a state of mind and emotion like no other pop effort I know, and I have heard lots and lots of music from every corner.<br />As one reviewer noted, &quot;Lizard&quot; is art. Not always pretty, not always immediately intelligible, but you won't forget it if you really listen.
B000059ZLH|4.0|This is a great show...sure there are some things about the DVD I am not crazy about (could have better video and audio quality)...but it's called BUDGET!  DT does not get the budget of Santana and Dave Matthews DVD's.<br />HOWEVER, name a DVD shot in video that is in widescreen?  Video camera's shoot 4:3, that's why they are 4:3 DVD's.<br />I'll be the first to say i'd have liked a 5.1 mix ... IF it was done well.  I personally never listen to the 5.1 mix from the Sarah Mclachlan DVD...it was poorly done.  The Santana and Dave Matthews 5.1 mixes are great!
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool began the nu phase of metal with Opiate and Undertow, shortly after that, awe inspiring albums from Korn and Deftones were released and the nu metal ball began to roll. Then in '96, Tool released Aenima. When i listen to Aenima it is like the screams and whispers of angels in my ear. Limp Bizkit then joined the scene with their unbelievable debut. Tool guided these bands into the fold and then left them to grow on their own. The scene developed in the late nineties and has, in my opinion gone of the rails recently and fans of nu metal have been stabbed in the back by most of the original nu metal pioneers with useless, lifeless albums.<br />So, Tool are back to guide their children of metal back to the forgotten world of creativity and are once again speaking to them via the communication of an album, Lateralus. At first I hated the album but then i realised it was because i was used to the patterns and abused sequences of nu metal. Lateralus breaks every metal convention that has been set to date and goes off on tangents that are a million miles deep. This album cannot be fully enjoyed the 1st or 5th time it's listened to. It must be learnt, like a new language, the new language of metal. I will not dissect each song, because that would take a million years but the emotion and compassion that is so rare in human life these days is present in every second of every song in Lateralus.<br />Each member of the band has matured and become something more than professionals of their instruments. The instruments(including Maynard) are played to compliment and feed off each other. The musician behind each instrument plays like playing is a part of their soul and the outcome is so beautifully light and so beautifully heavy. <br />Every human should own this album and worship it like it is a God.
0394800184|5.0|My son is now 28 and his email to me on Mother's Day this year started with, &quot;Are You My Mother?&quot; which brought the biggest smile to my face!  Like so many of the other reviewers here, we read this book night after night and it still is a point of reference for us after many years.  It instantly brings back memories of shared reading time and his first efforts at learning to read.  I pulled it out of my drawer and read the inscription to Josh and me from my best friend dated 1974.  Sadly, she died last year but her gift endures.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool began the nu phase of metal with Opiate and Undertow, shortly after that, awe inspiring albums from Korn and Deftones were released and the nu metal ball began to roll. Then in '96, Tool released Aenima. When i listen to Aenima it is like the screams and whispers of angels in my ear. Limp Bizkit then joined the scene with their unbelievable debut. Tool guided these bands into the fold and then left them to grow on their own. The scene developed in the late nineties and has, in my opinion gone of the rails recently and fans of nu metal have been stabbed in the back by most of the original nu metal pioneers with useless, lifeless albums.<br />So, Tool are back to guide their children of metal back to the forgotten world of creativity and are once again speaking to them via the communication of an album, Lateralus. At first I hated the album but then i realised it was because i was used to the patterns and abused sequences of nu metal. Lateralus breaks every metal convention that has been set to date and goes off on tangents that are a million miles deep. This album cannot be fully enjoyed the 1st or 5th time it's listened to. It must be learnt, like a new language, the new language of metal. I will not dissect each song, because that would take a million years but the emotion and compassion that is so rare in human life these days is present in every second of every song in Lateralus.<br />Each member of the band has matured and become something more than professionals of their instruments. The instruments(including Maynard) are played to compliment and feed off each other. The musician behind each instrument plays like playing is a part of their soul and the outcome is so beautifully light and so beautifully heavy. <br />Every human should own this album and worship it like it is a God.
0553573403|1.0|The writing quality is excellent, however the subject matter is bleak and sickening. Tradegy, bloodshed, cruelty, death, rape, incest, drunkeness, murder, infanticide, and numerous other human atrocities and perversities abound in this tale about a world with sparse good qualities to provide solace or balance. Admittedly, I did not read the entire book, however the final straw was sex involving a child. Unacceptable in any world. Too bad such good writing skills are wasted on such perverse subject matter.
B0000009SM|5.0|&quot;Inca Roads&quot; was the great single-that-never-was, perhaps because of its' length (nearly nine minutes), perhaps because it was too complex for the musical tastes of the average rock fan circa 1975 (or even 2001). From the opening alien-funk laydown with George Duke's soothing lead vocal to the guitar solo (a solo guaranteed to confound practically every guitar-store-clerk-cum-SRV) to every other section that would take the maximum amount of 1,000 words to explain. &quot;Inca Roads&quot; deserves 1,000 words by itself. &quot;One Size Fits All&quot; deserves 5 stars for &quot;Inca Roads&quot; but the other eight tracks are worthy, as well. Listen to the entire thing on headphones in one sitting. Then another. And another. And more after that. And a few times. You may like some songs more than others, but you will not be sorry.
B00005B36H|5.0|and you'll be sure to enjoy it.  This disc is a slap in the face to the popular &quot;nü-metal&quot; acts of today.  Rather than bludgeoning us with &quot;Why's everybody always pickin' on me?&quot;/Limp Bizkit type sentiments these guys make a record that dares to challenge our intellects.  This might come of as pretentious.  It is.  But can art really be great if it doesn't aspire to say something important?  I don't know if Tool says anything important or not.  But I give them credit for trying, for making a record that makes the listener strive to understand it, for making a record that's complex, that's unlike anything else on the market right now.  <br />I'm not expecting this record to sell very well.  Like REM's &quot;Up&quot; and &quot;Reveal&quot;, U2's &quot;Pop&quot;, Nine Inch Nails' &quot;Fragile&quot;, and Pearl Jam's &quot;Binaural&quot;, &quot;Lateralus&quot; is a record that shuns audience expectations.  These groups cast aside what is expected of them and dare to challenge it's audience to listen harder, to find something new.  &quot;Lateralus&quot; is a great, great album.
B00005BL2A|5.0|I bought an advance copy of the album last friday and have listened to it dozens of time by now. The album gets better and better each time you listen to it. <br />I think the main problem that the naysayers have about this album, is that they are living in the past and comparing this album to the others. <br />You can't compare this album to the other ones. I think the entire album is great. It is definitely an improvement over Ultra.<br />Shine, Dream On, FreeLove, I feel loved (soon to be a #1 European dance club hit).<br />This album has variety. The great thing about DM is that they do not rehash their most famous album into new albums (Like most groups do). DM actually tries out different sounds....and it works. Don't listen to the people who are complaining about this album. Go out and buy it....and judge for yourselves.
B00005BL2A|5.0|Finally, Exciter is here in my hands and how lucky I feel to listen.  A long time Mode-Fan, I have heard each and every one of their albums.  Exciter will stick out among the others partly for it's coming-of-age worth as well as the successfully executed experimentation that differentiates itself from the other albums.  <br />One of the most outstanding differences is that DM have brought in more guitar work incorporated into their songs than ever before.  Synth-pop fans may be worried by this point but I would like to assure them that, the guitars have just been added in more so than before and have not taken away from the fresh, clean, dark synth sounds that DM is all too famous for.  Another significant difference is that Gahan's voice has never sounded so excellent.  Each song feels like Gahan's heart is expressing to us a story.<br />&quot;Dream On,&quot; their first single, is not the best song on the album or even the most catchy, radio-friendly song.  It is a great intro with skittering electronic beats, fast acoustic guitar, and light Gahan lyrics.  No other Depeche song has screamed NIN as does &quot;Dead of Night&quot; which perhaps may win over some fans.  &quot;I Feel Loved&quot; is a very danceable track that will remind fans of the beloved Violator album.  Finally, my personal favorite, &quot;Freelove&quot; is a masterpiece of emotion that is truly a fulfilling listen.<br />Exciter, among other DM albums, does not contain the most catchy radio singles.  What makes Exciter a great album is it's beauty that perhaps no other Mode album was able to achieve.  This material is an introduction to the true greatness of Depeche Mode that we have yet to see.
B000001E8S|4.0|When I worked at my college radio station in the early 80s, someone had taken a magic marker to the Talking Heads' &quot;Remain in Light&quot; and had written &quot;File Under Eno.&quot;<br />Passengers should not be filed under Eno, nor should it be filed under U2. This one-off should be considered a new creation.<br />Yes, it is related to other Eno solo work - &quot;On Some Faraway Beach,&quot; Before and After Science, Apollo, etc., etc., etc. - but Bono's vocals on this album add a new element to the Eno mix. Bono isn't singing anthem rock, or even the softer material that he's performed on other U2 albums. His voice works well with the soundscape-like material that predominates on this album.<br />P.S. That Pavarotti guy is a good singer too...
0425163407|4.0|UNNATURAL EXPOSURE is a good book, but not Cornwell's best. It  appeals to me because it is set in Virginia, where I'm from. Cornwell also makes for a few surprises along the way. However, her Dr. Kay series is on a rapid decline in terms of subject matter. This particular book is the victim of decline, but is still good. <br />   On the tiny and closely knit Tangier Island, a woman has died at the hands of a strange new killer. Dr. Kay Scarpetta has been called in to investigate. Early in the investigation, the killer contacts her via AOL with the frightening screen name DEADOC. They give her a virtual tour of a gruesome scene. With little to go on, Dr. Kay faces a new breed of killer. Moreover, she could be next...<br />   This book is not the best, but it is a good read. It deals with a variety of issues aside from the crime aspect. It deals with homosexuality (a recurring theme in Cornwell's latest works),AIDS, vulnerability, and betrayal. If any of these topics bother you, I would not advise reading this novel. However, if you are an avid Cornwell/Scarpetta fan, or just enjoy good reading buy UNNATURAL EXPOSURE today.
0452282152|2.0|This book was to my taste disappointing. It is a period novel and it deals with a young woman who as a 16 year old works for a few years for a great artist. The book describes the tensions which arise in household as a result of her employment and growing relationship with the artist. <br />In some ways the book is a strange one having almost no plot and it deals with the reaction of its characters to minor incidents and the various power shifts in the household. The dramatic highpoint is when the heroin has to have her ears pierced. The period detail is sketchy and one does not really develop a sense of the period.<br />The portrait of Vermeer the artist is at best sparing. This is no real surprise as historical records say little about him. The portrait of his family is very sparse and they come across not really as characters but as focal points to move the plot along. The writer has a conception of art which he/she tries to develop through the novel. It is the notion of art as a vision as opposed to being a craft. The heroin has this vision and it is the basis of her relationship with Vermeer. In reality their relationship makes little sense as they do not talk and never even really touch. A strange and disappointing book, however one that seems much loved.
B00005B36H|5.0|ok, i dont know why im trying to do this but here goes anyhow.  of course, this is the greatest album to be released since aenima, and of course im going to say that.  beyond that though, there lies some totally interesting and suprising music (even for tool) which is rather shocking in the music industry today as some of us may know.  there is no one, and i mean no one doing what tool is doing in the music industry today.  and what are they doing?  hell, i have no clue.  all i know is that this is about as good as its going to get until you see them live in concert.  the album was recorded with hdcd which makes it very, very sweet to listen too. if you'll allow me to speak for you, than i would have to say that you will want to buy this album without hesitation.  this is musical heaven, and i cant wait to hear it on vinyl.
B00005BJPO|5.0|This movie's a classic, and really made anime and manga known for the world outside of Japan. The DVD-version seems to a great package and I ca'nt wait to get my hands on, pop it in the player and enjoy some great anime...If you like anime and have'nt seen this (shame on you!) then buy this DVD. Or you have have seen and loved it and will buy it anyway. Higly recommended!
B000002HHB|5.0|<br />I have to say that I LOVE this album.  I became a 10,000 Maniacs fan back in 1987 when they opened for R.E.M. at a concert.  After that I followed 10,000 Maniacs and continued to enjoy their music, but I was always especially appreciative of Natalie Merchant's soaring, beautiful voice.  <br />Natalie's voice is highlighted on this album.  At times she is emotional; at times she is warm and soothing; at times she sounds strong and determined; at other times she simply croons.  But whatever the mood, at all times Natalie is expressive.  Her outstanding voice and her great songwriting are what make this disc so appealing.  <br />This is not 10,000 Maniacs, and if you are looking for that, go buy a 10,000 Maniacs CD.  Usually when a band splits up, the departed member(s) go off to do their own thing that often sounds different from the band's previous work (think of Sting and the Police, for instance).  That is probably the way it should be; an artist who leaves a band and subsequently copies the band's previous tunes would inevitably be criticized.  Reading the reviews of this album, however, it appears that some people criticize Natalie for not replicating the sound of 10,000 Maniacs.<br />This disc shows Natalie Merchant's continued growth as an artist - she has left her former band, and here she has the freedom to experiment a little and cultivate her own voice.    <br />The end result is an EXCELLENT album.  These are plaintive songs, stripped down, well written and well performed without a lot of fanfare.  The radio hits (\\"Carnival,\\" \\"Wonder,\\" and \\"Jealousy\\") are great tunes, but they sound even better as part of the overall package of songs here.  \\"San Andreas Fault\\" has all the makings of a great FM radio hit.  \\"River\\" is one of my very favorite songs ever - a tribute to River Phoenix that is a great emotional ride.  \\"Seven Years\\" is another one of my favorites here, a song about a woman lamenting the dissolution of a seven-year relationship.  All of the other songs are excellent, each contributing something to this album.  There is not a song here that I don't enjoy.   <br />This is one of my favorite CD's; I have had it for years and still love it.  I recommend Tigerlily without hesitation.
6305609691|4.0|You should know the story of this DVD by now. So, I just review the technical aspect of the disc. First of all, this movie has been released 3 times on LD. First the P &amp; S which is not that good, then in early 90's a Wide Screen version with terrific sound quality and good video as well. But in 1997, Paramount released a dolby Digital version of the LD with the same picture quality as the earlier WS LD but with superior Dolby Digital surround sound which I consider the best sounding LD ever. The DVD picture quality is better than any of the LDs but I don' think its 5.1 Dolby Digital audio can match the great sound of the LD's Dolby Digital sound. If you are a big fan of the movie and still watch LD from time to time, I strongly suggest you search for the Dolby Digital version of the LD. You won't be sorry. I would have given this DVD a five stars but the sound is a bit let down if you have the Dolby Digital LD to compare to.
B00005B36H|5.0|This is just the next step in the progression of Tool.  I haven't gotten this excited about a cd since Fantastic Planet by Failure was released.  The thing is, I wasn't all that excited about it till I heard it.  It just plain blew me away.  I've had it for about a week now and I still haven't listened to anything else since.  This is a very MOODY album.  You will be shocked at the ease that Tool speeds up and slows down 3 and 4 times in the same song perfectly.  This is a masterpiece that will be appreciated for a long time to come!  Enough said.
B00005BJPO|5.0|I have wiated forever for this Special DVD to be released... I had to settle with the makers other releases &quot;Ghost In The Shell&quot; but with the re-transfer and anamorphic widescreen format it will be a vivid and detailed as the later &quot;Ghost In The Shell&quot;  The years have not dulled the imagery and poetry to the tech/urban landscape portayed in almost every frame.  An mention in almost every sci-fi directors list of infuences &quot;Akira&quot; still affects movies of the future such as &quot;The Matrix&quot; and its sequels and most cyber-punk movies to be.  I highly advise splurging and getting the Limited edition!
B00005B36H|2.0|I guess I expected too much after listening to Undertow and Aenima.  I found this cd to be very bland and too repititive. It sounded to me as if they sampled parts of songs from their previous recordings and stretched them out for 8 minutes.  A little to ambient for me.  I hope they get back to kickin out jams like Intolerance and Stinkfist on their next effort.
0671027344|2.0|This was the most purturbed book I have ever read! this kid witnesses everything including a couple making love! the vivid details are absolutely revolting! I haven't finished it and hopefully it will get better but I really don't want to know what goes on in Stephen Chbosky. I would recomend this to any perverted young adults.
B00005ASOC|3.0|I was excited about this one because writing is dear to my heart.  This one, however, is so much like Good Will Hunting I expected Robin Williams to come charging in at some point to tell Jamal that it was not his fault!  Matt Damon makes a cameo - that doesn't help to separate the comparison.<br />It's a formula that works - just not as well the second time around.  This one is good for a rental.  The extra cheese is included.
B00005B36H|2.0|If you could rate an album on packaging alone, the new Tool album would get five stars right off the bat - kudos to Alex Grey, an artist whose works I've loved for many years.  The transparency use in the booklet is really terrific, this cd should be in a museum, I'm afraid to scuff mine up!<br />As far as the music: while listening to the album, it dawned on me, that after being a fan for 8 years, and buying 4 albums, I'm kind of sick of Tool.  Every album they keep re-formign the same song over and over again, each time with less precision and aggression, and spread out over a longer period.  _Lateralus_, at almost 80 minutes, is a real patience-tester.  You're not going to want to listen to the album again after you've listened to it all the way through.  My god I miss the economy of the _Opiate_ ep!<br />That isn't to say _Lateralus_ is a dissapointment, but rather that tool has officially become a genre of music unto themselves: soothing expansive music that you can't really call hard rock or metal.  The drums are awesome, the guitar is soft-focus and echo-ey, the vocals are otherworldly.  But it's becoming meditation music, folks, isn't this what punk and metal were revolting against?  I think Tool has settled confortably into a musical spot that's a bit boring and tedious for my taste.  A ffew sharp edges in the mix would be nice, a few surprises.  This album kind of puts you to sleep.  They should take some cues from Melvins and King Crimson (two much better, yet more obscure, bands that the Tool guys tour with) and add some sonic diversity to their music.
0440211727|4.0|Grisham shined after he wrote the firm and The Runaway Jury he slipped a little with this one! Not as superior buit still great nontheless.
B00005B36H|5.0|Lateralus is an album that will make you think.  There's obviously been a lot of care put into this recording and any Tool fan will appreciate the final product.<br />Beautiful packaging with artwork by  Alex Grey set the stage for this sonic journey into oneself.  Whether it is the vocal or intrumental elements that get you going, it all comes together flawlessly here.<br />The overall theme seems to be an examination of the mind, soul and body.  After only a couple listens it's tough to come up with any definitive statement about the album.  &quot;Schism&quot;, &quot;Lateralis&quot; and the trilogy of &quot;Disposition&quot;, &quot;Reflection&quot; and &quot;Triad&quot;, are standouts.  Tool has proved (to me at least) that they are still a powerful and inspiring force in the world of rock music.<br />Buy this album.
0385335482|5.0|I couldn't put this book down!! It's a quick, funny read!!
B00005B36H|5.0|Finally, the day all of us tool fans have been waiting for.  The album of 2001 has been released, and it is far better than I expected.  Returning to the their heavier, less synthesized roots, this album is definitely what the rock world has been waiting for.  Enough of this pseudo rock-rap Kid Rock, Limp Bizkit junk, this is the real deal.  I am huge Tool fan, and to finally listen makes my stomach sit in my throat.  The album is long, but doesn't seem to drag out like it seemed Aenima did.  Even the longer songs don't seem long, but ever inviting.  The album is highlighted by the 1st single, Schism, which absolutely rocks.  The duo of Parabol and Parabola blend into each other seamlessly right in the center of the album, and pull you deeper into the musical mirage they have created.  The next two songs Ticks &amp; Leeches and Lateralis completely blow the album up, and make you want to turn it up loud enough to disturb the neighbors (and possibly break a few windows).  The most amazing thing about this album, is how all of the elements, Maynard's hauntingly passionate voice, Adams screeching guitars, Justin's rhythmic bass, and Danny's phenomenal drumming compliment each other without compromising one or the other.  Absolutely the best album I have ever heard.
014028009X|4.0|Having seen the movie before buying the book, I was already much impressed by Bridget Jones: reasonably intelligent, completely un-together, and frightfully human.  She is most definitely a woman to whom one can relate, especially those of us who are still searching for our &quot;inner poise&quot;.  She is easily someone with whom one could have wonderful talks and be completely confident that their small human failings would be accepted and be loved all the more because of them.  The only weakness in this book -- indeed, as it was in the movie -- was the pace of the story.  For such a relationship to bloom between Mark Darcy and Bridget after so little interaction seems slightly odd and unrealistic -- hence the &quot;fairy-tale&quot; description.  Had more interaction occured, especially before the end of the story, it would be a little more possible to enjoy the possible fairy prince coming to take Bridget away from the dreariness and humdrumness of everyday life.  All in all, though, Helen Fielding did an absolutely marvelous job portraying that uncertain child who lingers inside each woman.  Definitely four stars.
B000001DQI|5.0|We all know the songs that got radio play, but don't miss &quot;Ballad of Danny Bailey&quot;, &quot;Jamaica Jerk Off&quot;, and my personal favorite of all, with a hint of a bluegrass influence, &quot;Social Disease&quot;.  Elton John goes Hillbille and does it great.  These are the true gems of the album, the ones that were never played on the radio.
0553260111|4.0|The Bourne Identity is a much-hyped story. Is the hype worth it ? I first came across this story around 6-7 years ago as a mini-series on TV. Having come across the book recently and trying to test the 'theory' that books tend to be &quot;better&quot; than their movies, I decided to read the book. Of course, I didn't remember much from the TV series, so I could look forward to this as an unknown story.<br />The book is a tad long, could have been around 300 pages. A few details are splattered, omission of which wouldn't have hurt the story. The progression of the story makes it interesting. The ending leaves something to be desired, maybe the author had already intended to write a sequel in which to continue. I, in particular, found it to be a page-turner, but only in parts. As I mentioned before, some of the details liberally splattered diminish this feature of the book. Attention from the story is drawn and into the details,some of which I found unneccessary.<br />But overall, a book worth a read.
B000051Y0G|5.0|Two facts and only two facts only must you know about Cyndi Lauper.<br />1.  I was born on the same day in the same place and we were probably switched at birth.<br />2.  Halloween 1982 I dressed up as Cyndi for a party. This may not seem so bad but the fact is that I not only dressed up as Cyndi but rode the bus dressed that way!!!  You just don't do those things in Duluth Minnesota.<br />Anyway Cyndi filled anice void for me while I was waiting for the next Go-Go's  album. Never saw her in concert.  Still think she is my long lost twin sister.
B000053V7Q|5.0|This movie shows some excellent scenes with 100% picture quality, somewhat non-created 6 channel digital sound but it must be said 'the sound quality of the songs is fantastic' but Elvis I guess Thats the wonder of you! this movie is another memory jerker, clearly bringing to life the Elvis we loved and sadly still miss, I could not help repeating the songs for the sheer delight of going back in time and respecting the King, Elvis lives on and this movie dvd is a classic worth double the selling price, please buy it and enjoy it.
B00004XOWM|2.0|OK look, I have absolutely nothing against Fred and co. and I definitely don't think that they are sellouts in any kind of way, but theres something that bugs me about this album.  Don't get me wrong, there are definitely some good tracks on this album, I love 'My Generation' 'Living It Up' and 'The One'.  But this album could have been great and it's clearly not.  Unfortunately this CD does not start out well, Hot Dog is fairly amusing the first couple of times but after that its just irritating in a big, big way.  After that things start looking up, 'My Generation', 'Full Nelson', and 'My Way' are all perfectly acceptable, but there's such a feeling of wasted potential that you feel a bit cheated after the outro has finished.<br />Right, now I've got that off my chest here's my conclusion, only serious unswayable Limp Bizkit fans should by this.  Everyone else should go and buy Linkin Park's debut offering and find out what might have been if this album hadn't been produced by someone with more money than sense.
0385335482|5.0|What a truly charming book.  It was so refreshing, so Everyman, (or Everywoman, in this case), that there was no difficulty whatsoever relating to Rebecca Bloomwood.  How many of us are there who are living on a day-to-day basis, yearning for the fun things in life without having to do all the hard work to get there?  How many of us have maxed out our credit cards or overdraft funds because of those darling shoes that we just had to buy or other such trivialities?  Watching Rebecca &quot;grow up&quot; was so friendly, and so comfortable, as though one expected to see her around the corner, that it makes you want to read the whole book again.  Even the Prince Charming twist on the story didn't make it any less realistic-- it only made it better.  I couldn't recommend a better book for light, fun, sweep-you-off-your-feet romantic reading.
B00005BL2A|4.0|Maybe I'm a bit biased here, but I think &quot;Exciter&quot; is a good album.  It is way more consistent than &quot;Ultra&quot;--not to say that there aren't standout tracks on &quot;Ultra&quot;.  My favorites on &quot;Exciter&quot; have to be &quot;Shine&quot;, &quot;I Feel Loved&quot;, and &quot;I Am You&quot;.  Just like they proved they could do it without Vince Clarke, they have proven that they can make good records without the musical chops of Alan Wilder.  I'm very pleased with &quot;Exciter&quot;.
B00005B36H|5.0|This is probably one of, if not the best CD I have ever heard.  I bought this with extremely high expectations, but it surpassed those by leaps and bounds.  I thought that Tool would not be able to surpass the monolithic expectations for this album and topple the greatness of Aenima, but they proved me very wrong.  Every track is amazing.  Please buy this CD.  Everyone should hear this album.  After just a few listens, I believe this to be Tool's greatest work, and since Tool has been my favorite group since '94, and that is NO small complement. Essential.
B00000K2SC|5.0|The movie is great I liked it alot i saw it about 20 times and each time I enjoyed it even more. The movie is just great and the actors are great to I totally loved keanu reevas.
B00005B36H|5.0|Participation in the sense that you must first suspend your prejudices of what should or shouldn't make this album better in terms of listenability. Finally thrust yourself into those  images that will become quite apparent as you begin to attatch some subjective meaning for yourself to the music and the lyrics. Lateralus is similar to Aenima, perhaps a little less polished. The album is solid from beginning to end. Buy the damn record and get ready to get lost in the music. After you buy it, listen to it preferably in a room with nothing to distract your attention, this includes pets, and friends. Distractions will distort your interpretation of the music, and yes it's heavy.
B00004Z459|5.0|Yes, as you can see from the summary this album is short on time but very, very big on quality.  Somehow, someway these five unknowns have come out of nowhere and managed to outdo Limp Bizkit and Papa Roach on their first attempt.<br />In all honesty, I was expecting good things from these guys from the first time I heard 'One Step Closer' but this is far better than I could have expected.  There isn't a single track on this disc I don't like.  Everything from 'Papercut' to best track 'Points of Authority' and excellent instrumental 'Cure For The Itch' are brilliant.<br />So in conclusion, move over Limp Bizkit, the new kids on the block are definately the best.
B00005B36H|1.0|I have been a very distant fan of Tool music for a long time.  My girlfriend bought me Undertow when I was in eigth grade, I listened to tracks of AEnima ...Lateralus was the first one that I actually bought because though I wanted to buy their albums of the past, I didn't agree with their point of view.  The music was too dark, too from the other side; plus, I make it a point to not buy Explicit Lyric albums.<br />So, I wasn't too surprised when I bought this album that it brought a dark presence with it.  I knew that was the gamble  would be taking.  The artwork was strange, and the music was even darker than Tool of the past.  Suddenly, when my little brother made a comment about the artwork, I realized WHO that was they were mocking on the cover of the CD.  I have now vowed not to listen to or support Tool any longer.  Are they talented?  Beyond belief.  But I put my foot down when it comes to mocking the sacred beliefs of others.  I'm sure many of you will think I'm narrow minded.  That's okay, because I know that isn't true.  I'm just sure about where I stand...
6301966015|5.0|For an American viewer BLOW UP should be a lesson in character credibility.  The film is all about the life style of a hot-shot photographer who stumbles on to a crime.  You are wasting your time going off into the artsy atmosphere expecting to find something else.  I loved this film because it was honest enough to take time for the purpose of providing the depth of Thomas' [Hemmings] ability and range as a photographer. Once you knew who Thomas was, you believed in his photo genius. I can't figure out why Sara Miles played a role.  She did nothing to advance the story.  Vanessa in her late 20s gave a dandy performance of a mysterious woman.  From time to time the director treats you to sexy scenes of underfed British photographer models and would-be models.  Those scenes hold your interest while you are spending time learning about Thomas' photography skills. For Americans you'll be delighted to know that the British slang is minimal.  A &quot;doss house&quot; is a flop house.   That's about it.  I enjoyed this honest movie.
B00005B6C9|5.0|This is the best Bee Gees album in years.Every song grows on you. They are like fine wine as they get better with age.The harmonies are as crisp as ever and their voices as strong as ever. I wish the Wedding Day song was around years ago when I got married.We would have used it.This album is definitely their best work since the 70s. Five stars is not enough.
B00005B36H|4.0|Tool. Words cannot describe the depth and power of your music. It is an art form with no compare.  Lateralus is your newest masterpiece. From the wonderful combination of Parabol/Parabola , to the anger ridden Ticks &amp; Leeches, Maynard can scream out his sometimes haunting, always moving, never dissapointing lyrics. A must buy for any fan of music.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool has done it again with yet another brilliant cd...this cd is like Aenima drifting more towards the experimental then either of their first two albums...I personally think this is one of their best although I am partial to Aenima...Everyone has probably heard Schism by now and if you are a Tool fan you probably liked it....If you like that song then the rest will be even better...The cd has the usual Tool intros and short clips before some songs but this only makes the album better...the third song reminds me of Eulogy with its slow mellow start and lyrics in the background then drifting into a harder rock song....If you like Tool you will love this it was well worth the 3 year wait.
B00004Z459|5.0|i cant believe how good this album is. if anyone asked what cd they should buy that is good right now, i wouldnt hesitate to recommend linkin park-hybrid theory.
B00005B36H|5.0|How can anyone have the audacity to claim that this album is any where near bad!? Every song is a masterpeice, including the notorious Tool odd-meters and dynamics. Besides the music, the lyrics also embrace the soul.<br />To put it simply, this is one of the greatest albums of *all* time. The music pulses and crawls. It lives and starts your spirit. While the lyrics enfocus your mind. <br />Yes, my friends, Tool is back.
B00005B36H|5.0|5 years is a long time, but it's worth the wait.  Buy it now, support the band.  You won't regret it!
0767816641|5.0|I don't watch many movies, and have recently lost my taste for kids' movies in particular--which are also the few movies which don't have gratuitous sex, violence, and cursing. This movie manages to transcend genres, a witty film that those who have outgrown the \\"Madeleine\\" cartoons will enjoy.<br />Madeleine, played by the excellent Hatty Jones, is a little French girl at a boarding school in France, along with eleven other girls (also flawlessly acted) and their teacher Miss Clavel (Frances McDormand). The movie follows her clashes with the Spanish ambassador's son, Pepito, and with Lord \\"Cuckooface\\" Covington, the man who owns the school upon the death of their sponsor--and who wants to close it down; also with such problems as a ransom plot, and the loyal dog Genevieve.<br />Madeleine purists should be warned: this movie is not just a live-action version of the book stories. The movie exists as a series of vignettes loosely based on the books, such as Madeleine's appendectomy and her rescue by Genevieve. Two of the central plots are not in the books, however: Lord Covington's wish to sell the school, and the kidnapping plot concerning Pepito. Occasionally dialogue will be lifted (a difficulty, given the almost complete lack of REAL dialogue) such as Miss Clavel's midnight \\"Something is not right\\" or Madeleine's defiant \\"pooh pooh!\\"<br />The actors and script contain the necessary amount of innocent cuteness and comedy (the visits of the various ambassadors to the school) while also having poignancy. One thing that will irritate Madeleine purists is Madeleine's family situation in this movie, but it does give her the ability to interact with Lord Covington.<br />McDormand is excellent as the rather put-upon nun Miss Clavel, who stiffly glides through real life while trying to keep her twelve little girls in something approaching order without squelching them. Thank God the old \\"authority figure as clown\\" thing never came into play. Hatty Jones is cute and sprightly without being annoyingly so, while the actresses for such characters as Vicki and Chantal are perfect in their roles. The girls REGISTER as being real people. So does Kristian de la Osa, as the attention-hungry Pepito--the movie hints quietly at why he is such a \\"bad hat,\\" while simultaneously giving us sympathy for him and Madeleine alike. And kudos to the best original character, Helene the cook!<br />Music is overall very good (thankfully no one breaks into spontaneous song) with sedate music playing for Miss Clavel and the girls, sad music during poignant moments, and excellent Spanish numbers as we focus on Pepito. The final number stinks, though, it clashes with the setting and plotline.<br />The minimal violence is cartoonish and there is no innuendo; one (bad word) creeps into the script, via a bad guy.<br />This movie is a delight from start to finish, a witty and charming movie that will take you back to your childhood. Or if you didn't like your childhood, it'll take you somewhere nice...ly without being annoyingly so, while the actresses for such characters as Vicki and Chantal are perfect in their roles. The girls REGISTER as being real people. So does Kristian de la Osa, as the attention-hungry Pepito--the movie hints quietly at why he is such a \\"bad hat,\\" while simultaneously giving us sympathy for him and Madeleine alike. And kudos to the best original character, Helene the cook! <br />Music is overall very good (thankfully no one breaks into spontaneous song) with sedate music playing for Miss Clavel and the girls, sad music during poignant moments, and excellent Spanish numbers as we focus on Pepito. The final number stinks, though, it clashes with the setting and plotline.<br />The minimal violence is cartoonish and there is no innuendo; one (bad word) creeps into the script, via a bad guy. <br />This movie is a delight from start to finish, a witty and charming movie that will take you back to your childhood. Or if you didn't like your childhood, it'll take you somewhere nice...
B00005B36H|5.0|I own every Tool cd and id lie if i said this was the best one, becouse there is no best one, they like Tool are all different and good in their diferent ways. If u never heard Tool buy this cd and all the rest, If you like Tool buy this cd, If you already have this cd, why are you reading this and not listening to it?
B00005B36H|5.0|How can anyone have the audacity to claim that this album is any where near bad!? Every song is a masterpeice, including the notorious Tool odd-meters and dynamics. Besides the music, the lyrics also embrace the soul. To put it simply, this is one of the greatest albums of *all* time. The music pulses and crawls. It lives and starts your spirit. While the lyrics enfocus your mind. <br />Yes, my friends, Tool is back
B00005B36H|5.0|It's been 5 long years, but this album is worth the wait.  Buy it now, support the band, they deserve every penny.  Every song is filled with vivid emotions, each lyric has it's hidden meanings.  It's simply a brillant album.
B00005BL2A|5.0|first off, i'm a huge DM fan. i have imports, bootlegs, etc...just a huge Depeche Mode fan.<br />i have to say that EXCITER is one of their best...and one of my favorites, along with Black Celebration, Some Great Reward and A Broken Frame.<br />to me, Exciter sounds like the lyrical ideas and song structures of Black Celebration done with the equipment and technique of A Broken Frame...dark, passionate songs with skittering and bleeping synthwerk...<br />Martin is definately writing some of his best songs on here, and Dave is in top form...maybe even over-the-top the way he passionately sings &quot;The Sweetest Condition&quot;...<br />all of Mart's ironic, wry and sensual lyricism is here. he sums it up best on &quot;The Dead Of Night&quot;: &quot;We're the horniest boys, with the corniest ploys...&quot; -- Mart IS a horny boy with corny ploys!<br />KEEP MODING!
B000053VHO|5.0|This album, and the tour that accompanied it, sparked my insatiable appetite for recordings of the Black Crowes with Jimmy Page. The whirlwind of excitement begins with a frenzied Celebration Day, and does not slow down until the recording fades away at the end of Whole Lotta Love. It blends classic rock hits by the likes of Led Zep, Elmore James, and Fleetwood Mac with the awesome guitar mastery of Jimmy Page, the eerily Robert Plant-esque vocal talents of Chris Robinson, and the pure jammin' abilities of contemporary rock's most awesome Black Crowes. Many of my friends could not believe Robinson's ability to lend his voice to such perfect covers of Led Zeppelin tunes! Sadly, none of the Black Crowes greatest hits appear on this album but, if you're a fan of good ol' down on the farm rock and roll, this is an album that will never leave your 5 CD changer! Words cannot express the awe that it will invoke!
B00005BL2A|1.0|Is this a joke?  Where is Depeche Mode?  Nothing about this cd resembles anything like what they've done before.  While some people will call this &quot;a triumph&quot; I call it dreadful.  The beats are undermixed to the point of non-existence.  The guitar is amateurish and cheesy.  The singing is uninspired and monotonous.  The instrumentation is so subtle there may as well not be any.  Produced by Mark Bell of LFO (on warp) &amp; Bjork fame, I expected an extravaganza of electronica with cool beats, dynamic synthesisers and exciting vocals.  This album contains none of those elements.  A lazy excuse for an album.  I miss Depeche Mode and this cd makes me miss them even more.
B00005BL2A|4.0|i almost didn't pick this up along with the weezer and rem releases today, due largely to Spin and Rolling Stone's poor reviews, but I am very glad I broke free of their influence. Exciter is not just a pointless rehash of old sentiments, as Spin said, but nothing but new depeche mode that sounds just as great as classic and beautiful depeche mode. they have not lost any edge, but in growing up have lost the connection to teenage melancholia but! still know what gets their fans going. like the Cure, they are the same men, just older more reflective and more innovative.  and as an added bonus, Exciter rocks much harder than Ultra.
0440133688|4.0|Samuel Shem's wacky story of six brilliant interns is both laugh out loud funny, and poignant at the same time. Written in the seventies it almost became required reading for medical students, with many of them adopting the vocabulary used in the book. The constant high stress is sometimes only relieved by the erotic couplings of the nurses and interns, but the effects and demands of the hospital takes it's toll on each of the characters with very different results.The book definitely took some turns I didn't expect, and all in all I found this a really satisfying read.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|Firstly, let me say that I am reviewing this CD from Sydney, Australia....home of where &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; was made (Fox Studios in Sydney). For well over a year now, anticipation for the release of Baz's new musical extravaganza has been at fever pitch here. Many of my friends worked on the film, and stories of what songs were being used in the film filtered through to me at various stages during production. I was dumb-founded at what I was hearing. What is Baz thinking? Will this movie work? Well, when the first single &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; was released to the public recently, it shot straight to the Number 1 position on the Australian singles chart (and remains there at time of writing this review). The album was released two weeks later and is heading for the same position on the Australian album charts. It seems the Australian public is supporting &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; all the way! And for good reason. This album is, in a word, fabulous! Can Nicole sing? YES! And she does a great rendition of &quot;Diamonds Are A Girl's Best Friend&quot; and &quot;One Day I'll Fly Away&quot;. Can Ewan sing? YES! His version of &quot;Your Song&quot; is beautiful. In fact every track on this album is brilliant. Great vocals and great orchestrations. The version of &quot;Roxanne&quot; - performed as a tango - is amazing! I was fortunate enough to attend a &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; production party late last year where Baz screened some scenes that were &quot;in the can&quot;. Guys, we are in for a real treat! What I saw was mind-blowing. Putting the visuals I saw together with this soundtrack will make a true cinematic experience. I can't wait for the film to open here next week. It has box-office hit written all over it. Oh, and just to rub it in, I'm off to the Australian premiere and party of &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; next Monday night....now that should be a real trip - like this album is! Enjoy!
6305144176|1.0|My 1* rating is for the DVD, not the movie which is 5*.<br />Most poeople will have seen this film on video and tv and enjoyed it, some of you old folks may have even seen it at the cinema. I think that this is a great film and it belongs in my favourite collection.<br />A lot of reviews here talk about the film so I wont. I just bought the DVD and watched it, although I have the video as well.<br />The picture quality was bad, fuzzy and grainy in many places, and I mean the picture, not the mpeg compression.<br />It was possible in quite a few places to see the mpeg rings. The sound was average, not brilliant but not poor.<br />There are no real extra features to talk about.<br />So given that this movie has a great following in many countries I would have expected the DVD conversion crew to have done a much better job.<br />With no extras and not been a really long film there is no reason to allow compression rings to be visible, where they are visible the conversion people just have to lower the compression rate for that part, and us the viewers would never know.<br />It appears that all they did was to copy the old movie onto a DVD without any effort, knowing that many people will buy the DVD. I think that the video copy I have matches the DVD for picture quality, not for sound of course.<br />If you have Good Morning Vietnam on video treasure it and save yourself £15 ($20). Maybe in the future a 'special' anniversary edition will be released that the producers will have invested both time and money in to give us a DVD worth buying, of course they could just release it again as is for all us muggs to be ripped off again.
B00005B36H|5.0|This is what I expected from Tool.  The music is much like Undertow and Aenima, with a slight difference.  I don't really know what the difference is, but I like it.  <br />Many people have been thinking this new album was going to veer towards the style of A Perfect Circle.  While I admire and own A Perfect Circle's Mer de Noms, it just isn't Tool.  Laterlus isn't Mer de Noms.  It is Tool.  Pure, plain, great Tool.<br />All the Tool lovers out there, if for some reason you are contemplating buying this album, you need to get it.  It is moving, emotional, and just awesome.  Everything you have heard from Tool, and everything you think to expect from Tool, is in Laterlus.
B00005BL2A|4.0|I first heard &quot;dream on&quot; a while back and I wasn't that impressed. Yes, it had a wonderful acoustic guitar - but it just didn't have that 'punch' to it. Alot of the songs on Exciter aren't very exciting but in fact very somber and seem to be darker than before.<br />One of the most impressive tracks, in my opinion, is &quot;When the Body Speaks&quot; ... I don't think anyone really ever thought that David Gahan could sing, but it is evident on this record that he can and he does it with flying colours. In the past, we have always heard Gahan's belting baritone, but in this record you can really hear a more tender and more mature rock singer. As for Martin - some lyrics are alittle bit too much tongue in cheek for me, but those do not cover up the true gems on here. Songs like &quot;I feel Loved&quot; and &quot;I am You&quot; are truly magical and they get better with each listen.<br />Every review I read about Their previous album Ultra seemed to be quite up and down - there is no doubt reviews will be that way for this one. I have always thought of Depeche Mode as an innovative force in the more technical side of music such as U2 or A3, but this album doesn't have many surpises or major inventions. &quot;The Dead of Night&quot; will raise some eyebrows with the almost &quot;I feel You&quot; and &quot;Barrel of a Gun&quot; feel to it. Also, on some songs - it seems that Gahan is just sort of 'rapping' the words.<br />Well, I'm not a Depeche Mode expert - but I am a true fan and this album is a beautiful one. But as excitement goes ... I doubt it will get the masses on their feet. As a Songs of Faith and Devotion lover I must say I'd like to see DM go back to their more 'rockier' tunes, but I know a good album when I hear one and this is up there with Violater (also an album I don't believe to be 'exciting'). But one thing is constant and it is the one thing I can always count on - dark tunes, the underworld, and vocals that will send chills up your spine.
B00005B36H|5.0|To all my friends who do not like Tool on the first listen through and of thier CD's I always hand them the CD again and say &quot;Listen to it all the way through again.&quot;  The music they produce is so complex that its like listening to a Trigonometry problem.  You have to listen to it twice just to understand it.  Oh and by the way, track 13 scared the hell out of me aswell.
6304025831|5.0|This didn't do as well as expected at the box office, so when I saw it on video, I was amazed how good it was. I may even prefer it to GOODFELLAS. And I find Sharon Stone an annoying person, but found her performance in this film brilliant.
B00004STPT|5.0|Being a big film score fan,I can say that this is one of the best soundtracks I have ever heard. I listen to it repeatedly. Zimmer uses an incredible array of techniques to create powerful emotional experiences from power (tracks 3&amp;13), to heartache (track 5), to heroism (track 12). Lisa Gerrad's vocals also lend a lot to the project, and tracks 15,16,&amp; 17 just make me tear up every time a hear them. This is a must for any fan of the film and of music in general. Someone please tell me why this didn't win the Oscar.
6303704603|5.0|There is interesting point in this movie, focus on the people not on a space. I'm a set designer, and always during my research in the movies, I collect my videos, as specialise on a oridinary ideas, and this is one is one of those. I thing, so no one can show better that things, like Derek Jarman. Because, his is special. And I find this work as the best from him. His indicate people with light and color, like a Caravagio painter. They come from anywere and go to anywere Like nothing is so important, have this people around him.
0446677450|5.0|This is a flawed book for sure, but it is so REFRESHING to see someone set down so HONESTLY the nature of making money, etc. Most rich guys writing about making money, rationalize wealth as something that is their due, something they deserve. &quot;The world is a perfectly balanced place&quot; kind of junk. Kiyosaki says the rich have advantages that they don't necessarily deserve. The laws were made by rich people, for rich people. So, if that's the reality, why not try and be one of the rich? It was great to read such forthright truths.
0385484518|4.0|This is a true story of a life-long mentor, and his Tuesday meetings with his student. More than the deep bond that two friends share, this book is on lessons for life. Told with wisdom, this story deals with experiences in life, and on life's ever changing ways. Tuesdays are the coaching days for Morrie. He offers insight into the world of a dying man who is truly happy. Before he dies he gives his last few lessons on life, love, and family. It brings out the simple things in life that make true hapiness. Morrie leaves his intelligent thoughts to be shared. <br />The emotions of this book reflect those of a poem. The knowledge in this book reflects an encyclopedia. But the lessons to be learned will not be found in any book of reference. Take a small look into the little pleasures that can offer so much, and listen as the book whispers to you. &quot;A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops.&quot; Henry Adams wonderfully describes what Morrie has done with his life. This book will leave you beathless yet full. Mitch Albom does a wonderful job of delivering the message that Morrie wished to share.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool once again produces a CD that not only brings us the best of what we love from them, but also is amazingly fresh.  Hard, considering Tool's sound is one-of-a-kind...the mix of the trashing guitar, pumping bass and thumping guitars along with Keenan's voice that may jump from whispering tremble to scream in seconds is not the kind of style that becomes more original with each new album.  Yet Tool proves its worth as a band by making each album more original and smothered in truth and power.  With Undertow they brought us rock, and with Aenema they threw in a little more art, now with Lateralus we find Tool back-to-the-wall.  Five years after Aenema, and fresh-off Maynard's stint with a more harmonious, angelic-sounding Perfect Circle this album came with high expectations...but of what?<br />It's still Tool and that's for sure, there are hints of A Perfect Circle, Keenan's cascading vocals being one of them, and yet the music and mood are constantly dark and engulfed in ambience.  Tool has created what is such a great cd because it is just what they are: art.  Not to be taken in small doses, Lateralus runs a lengthy 78 minutes.  Songs have sequels, songs changes harmony so quickly that one might check to see if the track switched.  It's meant to be heard as one, not singles.  It isn't a pop album in any sense of the word, it's an attack on the senses.  Songs cascade with so many sounds it takes a minute or two to find order in the chaos, once it makes sense and filters itself out, the music is dumbfoundingly good.  Tool has created a record beyond expectations and certainly original.<br />Finding out, next, that Maynard's lyrical compositions had grown as well as the music proved that this cd was special.  Still comes the poetical depression, and broken-down aggression, but gone are all useless f---s, and brilliant lines and intelligent thoughts replace them.  Instead of listing and [doing otherwise with the] things he hates as he did Aenema, this time around Maynard (in Ticks and Leeches) takes his anger out on lawyers using the metaphor parasites sucking at him.  \\"I hope you're choking / I hope you choke on this\\" he half-wails, half-screams.  It's not as if he's given up, but accepted what will be and takes it upon himself to make a point of yelling about it.<br />Lateralus may be Tool's best work yet.  From craftmanship to lyrics to raw emotion they bring what we expect and more.  The best metal album since...well...Aenima.
B00004Z459|2.0|WHEN  I  HEARD  &quot;ONE STEP CLOSER&quot; I KNEW I HAD TO GET THE CD.LINKIN  PARK  IS  ONE OF THE COOLEST BANDS OUT THERE.IF YOU LIKE STUFF LIKE LIMP BIZKIT,PAPA ROACH,KORN,OR  ANYTHING LIKE THAT YOU HAVE TO GET  THIS CD!
B00005B36H|5.0|i won't lie here folks. i don't even know the names of these songs yet, my girl just bought me the album today, and if this doesn't change the face of music for the better, then we are all truly doomed. as the sounds of lateralus wash over me i see limp bizkit beheaded and burned at the stake, their heartless music thrown away in disgust.  ok, not really, i mean no disrespect to the limpsters.  truly, this is what great art is made of, and all of you should own this album.  really, you won't regret it.
014028009X|5.0|I was interested to read the reviews on this book.  I had read the book and then seen the film.  I was extremely dissapointed by the film as it lacked the depth and details of the book which made the book so good and fun.  Whilst the book is a very quick read, it tells you so much more about the characters and their relationships than could be portrayed in the film, especially her relationship with her family. So I strongly recomend this book; it is so much funnier than the film so if you enjoyed the film you will love the book.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool once again produces a CD that not only brings us the best of what we love from them, but also is amazingly fresh.  Hard, considering Tool's sound is one-of-a-kind...the mix of the trashing guitar, pumping bass and thumping guitars along with Keenan's voice that may jump from whispering tremble to scream in seconds is not the kind of style that becomes more original with each new album.  Yet Tool proves its worth as a band by making each album more original and smothered in truth and power.  With Undertow they brought us rock, and with Aenema they threw in a little more art, now with Lateralus we find Tool back-to-the-wall.  Five years after Aenema, and fresh-off Maynard's stint with a more harmonious, angelic-sounding Perfect Circle this album came with high expectations...but of what?<br />It's still Tool and that's for sure, there are hints of A Perfect Circle, Keenan's cascading vocals being one of them, and yet the music and mood are constantly dark and engulfed in ambience.  Tool has created what is such a great cd because it is just what they are: art.  Not to be taken in small doses, Lateralus runs a lengthy 78 minutes.  Songs have sequels, songs changes harmony so quickly that one might check to see if the track switched.  It's meant to be heard as one, not singles.  It isn't a pop album in any sense of the word, it's an attack on the senses.  Songs cascade with so many sounds it takes a minute or two to find order in the chaos, once it makes sense and filters itself out, the music is dumbfoundingly good.  Tool has created a record beyond expectations and certainly original.<br />Finding out, next, that Maynard's lyrical compositions had grown as well as the music proved that this cd was special.  Still comes the poetical depression, and broken-down aggression, but gone are all useless f---s, and brilliant lines and intelligent thoughts replace them.  Instead of listing and &quot;f---ing&quot; things he hates as he did Aenema, this time around Maynard (in Ticks and Leeches) takes his anger out on lawyers using the metaphor parasites sucking at him.  &quot;I hope you're choking / I hope you choke on this&quot; he half-wails, half-screams.  It's not as if he's given up, but accepted what will be and takes it upon himself to make a point of yelling about it.<br />Lateralus may be Tool's best work yet.  From craftmanship to lyrics to raw emotion they bring what we expect and more.  The best metal album since...well...Aenima.
B00004Z459|5.0|WHEN  I  HEARD  &quot;ONE STEP CLOSER&quot; I KNEW I HAD TO GET THE CD.LINKIN  PARK  IS  ONE OF THE COOLEST BANDS OUT THERE.IF YOU LIKE STUFF LIKE LIMP BIZKIT,PAPA ROACH,KORN,OR  ANYTHING LIKE THAT YOU HAVE TO GET  THIS CD!
0060278234|5.0|Okay, first off, just wanted to say that I LOVE Sabriel and Lirael.  They are so different from any other books I've ever read and the stories so deep that it's just so much fun to read them!  Lirael has so many twists and turns and the story plunges you into the book you just can't put it down...who'd have guessed that Lirael is akin to...I won't say it cuz it'll spoil the book but Garth Nix did such a good job with this sequel.  The story continues with the same emotions as before.  The ever ominous Death and Charter come up so much that you feel like you can become a Charter Mage yourself.  If only I had my own set of bells and a spelled sword...  I recommend this book and the one before it to ANYbody who loves a good book to just pour yourself into.  Get lost in it!  They should make a movie out of it.  But then again, that would just mess up the book like any other book made into a movie.  (i.e.: Harry Potter...it doesn't look too good)  So I'm basically saying that this book rocks and I hope Garth Nix never stops writing to his perfection.
B00005B36H|5.0|Ok...... maybe a little doubt. Since Aenima was probably one of the best albums of the decade, Tool had A LOT to follow. Any other band would have probably cracked under the pressure and released a crappy album that tried to imitate the previous. Not Tool. This album is every bit as good as Aenima and Undertow, maybe even better.<br />Tool has progressed a lot. There is a bit more experimentation on this one than Aenima. There is also a throwback to old Tool with the song &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot;. This song is the heaviest thing Tool has done in a while. <br />There also seems to be a different theme. I wouldn't say it's exactly positive, but Tool seem to have found ways to make more uplifting songs. &quot;Parabola&quot; is an example of this. With all of the whining going on in modern rock, its nice to have a song that says things like &quot;All this pain is an illusion&quot; and &quot;Celebrate this chance to be alive and breathing&quot;. Peaceful, isn't it?<br />Well, thats all I'm gonna say. Pick up the album if you wanna hear what I'm talking about. Even if you've never been into Tool before, and you are only slightly interested, pick this up. If anyone calls you a &quot;poser&quot; for getting into Tool just now, forget 'em. They aren't real fans. Just pick this up, and I can almost garrantee you won't regret it.
B00005B36H|4.0|&quot; pain is an illusion&quot; prophetic words.. Maynard continues to explore his own personal psyche, looking at life through many lens's. The album musiclly as a whole really jumps off the mark with &quot; ticks and leechs&quot; tools heaviest track yet. They keep up thier counter-culture vibe to this record, as with the ones that proceed it. Placing thier approach to rock amung some of the most influential of them, finding the balance between melodic and sterile. At the same time pushing the boundry's of what &quot; rock&quot; is supposed to be in 2001. Definitly worth checking out..so pick up your copy today.
B00005AQAW|5.0|This is a terrific power-pop album. It's loud, it's catchy, it has a few interesting studio tricks up its sleeve, it's brash and at times somewhat bittersweet. There are huge, chunky slabs of distorted guitar and a nice Britpop sound throughout.<br />I bought it for &quot;Seven Days in the Sun&quot; and am very happy with the rest of the album as well. I can't think of a single bad track on this record. As a matter of fact I've been listening to it a couple of times a day for the past few days.<br />The only thing that I'm not crazy about are the lyrics: they are occasionally a bit naff. <br />Feeder has a bit of an obsession with the trappings of success (clothes by Prada, car CD players, etc, etc) while managing to mantain what appears to be a 14 year old's view point regarding these things. And an unsophisticated 14 year old at that. In other words, Radiohead they ain't.<br />I don't MIND this teenybopper trip the band seems to be on, but some people might.
B00005BL2A|4.0|DM's Exciter revisits the band's more traditional electronic synth-pop sounds.  Overall, the album tends to be mellow and sensual, with the sweet and soothing &quot;When the Body Speaks&quot; and &quot;Freelove&quot;.  &quot;The Sweetest Condition&quot; mimics SoFAD's &quot;Sweetest Perfection&quot; in interesting and odd ways.  The two highest energy tracks are &quot;I Feel Loved&quot; and the recently released &quot;Dream On&quot;, both of which are pulsating and irresistible.  I strongly recommend Exciter as a stellar addition to any DM fan's record collection.
0446677450|5.0|This is easily one of the best books there are.  While it is a bit &quot;rambly&quot; at times (not to mention redundant), the book teaches EXCEEDINGLY important ways to look at investing, assets, liabilities, cars, houses, etc.  If you have children this book should be considered required reading.
B00003652R|5.0|I think that this album is the best of the best, its continous play does it greater, all the themes are wonderful, thats all, I recomend it to everyone who think that he knows.
B00005B36H|5.0|Today had to be the greatest day in the history of modern music.....ok well not THE greatest but it certainly ranks up there. I'm not going to be like, &quot;This is better than Undertow or Aenima,&quot; or vice versa. Lateralus is in a class by itself and it deserves it. Maynard, Adam, Justin and Danny poured everything they had into this album and it shows. From the first track &quot;The Grudge&quot; until the final frantic moments of &quot;Faaip De Oiad,&quot; you can tell that this isn't from the four musicians souls, its something deeper than that. There really isn't much more to say about Lateralus, either you get it or you don't.  With music that takes to another place and lyrics that make you think, TOOL has more power than any other band in the world. To: Maynard James Keenan, Adam Jones, Justin Chancellor and Danny Carey, thanks for the experience.
0451526295|5.0|Jane Austin was certainly ahead of her time. Her female characters are very well thought out and today's women can associate with their thoughts and feelings.
0451167716|5.0|I am not a big reader, but i when i started reading this book i coudn't put it down.  I am a busy guy, but I made time for this book.  It is easy to read and keeps you in suspense.  It shows you an in depth look on the life and philosophy of a mafia family.  It is a brilliant masterpiece.  Five stars for sure!
0800103661|5.0|Not only is this movie completely mesmerizing and interesting, it displays the way conformity affects society. I am a high school student and first viewed the entire film recently in school as an accompaniment to Aldous Huxley's &quot;Brave New World&quot;. The class I happen to have is very rowdy, but when this film was on, our class was completely silent and absorbed into the film. I love it, and not only that, but I love Ethan Hawke. This movie touches my heart the same way &quot;Contact&quot; does. Watch it!
B000002HHB|5.0|10,000 maniacs fans will love natalie's debut solo album.  it's pretty bare production wise, but natalie's songwriting is first rate and no less emotional than her songs with the maniacs.
B00000JGOH|5.0|Simply put, this is a WONDERFUL movie, make sure to see it!  It's funny, romantic, meaningful, and more!!!  Great acting!!!  I just love the script to this movie, it's fantastic!
B000002U8G|5.0|It is Pink Floyd's best.  Simply, it combines wonderful lyrics with sounds (crowd in Fearless, dogs in Seamus).  Music that shows incredible creativity (One of these days).  Combining the lyrical beautry; and the interesting, incredible music and sounds.  It will instantly become your favorite CD.  Better than the Wall, better than Darkside, better than Wish You Were Here.  It is a work of art.
B00003CXDG|3.0|Great effects and fight sequences, but a silly and unbelievable plot.  Tom Cruise was cool and he had great chemistry with Thandie Newton.  I was even more impressed after watching the making of 'MI2'.  WOW, they put DAYS into some small scenes just to get perfect effects.  I was also shocked that TOM CRUISE did almost all of his own stunts, which are VERY dangerous (walking through fire, having a knife a half-inch from his eye, falling from the top of a very high platform and landing four inches from the camera, doing risky motorcycle stunts, etc).  I  must admit that I disliked this movie the first time I saw it, but after seeing it again, I actually liked it!  ALMOST 4 STARS
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Angry. Depressing. Sad. But full of raw emotion and heart-breaking lyrics. Fiona Apple knows how to get her voice heard. Her sophmore album is nothing less than beautiful and honest.  Take a listen to dreamy lyrics of &quot;Paper Bag&quot; and the anger injected into &quot;Get Gone&quot; and you might begin to understand the world of Miss. Apple. Fiona is a talented, powerful performer who is just waiting to capture you...
B000002IAZ|4.0|Gotta agree with all the reviewers who say to buy all 3 of the original albums on CD, especially now that they've all been HDCD remastered (and this apparently hasn't).  The Springfield were an album group, not a singles band, and thus a limited retrospective album does them an artistic injustice.  Each of the original 3 albums has its own kind of unique beauty as the group quickly matured, and is filled with great tracks not on this skimpy CD.  The Springfield released very few weak tracks, what with Stills &amp; Young being such outstanding songwriters, and the criminally-forgotten Richie Furay possessing one of the most gorgeous voices ever.  So each Springfield album was kind of like a greatest hits album on its own. What really needs to happen is for the Springfield to have all 3 albums along with outtakes, demos, (stuff like the unedited &quot;Bluebird&quot; and unreleased &quot;Stampede&quot; album material) etc. issued on a 2-CD package.  Now that would be a Retrospective worth buying.
B00005B36H|5.0|buy it! buy it now! its freaking awesome. Finally, the new Lateralus album from TOOL was well worth the 5 year wait. the cd case and album cover art is worth it alone to get this cd. the music just plain out rocks, the with 13 tracks and around 70 minutes of music.  If you liked A Perfect Circle, well, you'll like this even better.  one of tool's best albums yet
B00004XOWM|1.0|OMG... This is proof that the old saying Americans have no taste cliche is true. I bought this albulm along with Marilyn Manson's new albulm Holywood and can you guess which albulm I liked more? First off is the stupiest song ever made Hot Dog. If you are into NIN ( My favorite band ) you will get a kick out of it. Then there's Rollin, whcih is quite possiably the dumbest song ever made. Ugh, I could on and on but reading some of the reviews I would just sound repeatitive. This is just angry music for the kids who get made at there parents for taking there allowance away. If you have to listen to rap/metal try Rage Against The Machine, or even the Beastie Boys albulm License to Ill.<br />Its sad that MTV and radio focused in on this [junk] when Manson, Slipknot, and Perfect Circle where sooo much better.
B00005B36H|5.0|With their new release, lateralus, tool has once again produced a memorable work of art, while coming within 1:02 of completely filling the disc.<br />Weighing in at nearly 79 minutes, the album takes the listener through the peaks and valleys of tool's emotional kaleidoscope.  At first, it's clearly obvious that today's tool has little in common with their former selves:  now more than ever, the instrumentations of Jones, Chancellor, and Carry take the spotlight away from vocalist Maynard James Keenan, whose words are gentler, wiser, and more emotive than in past releases.<br />Overall, the first half of the album does show more of the group's rock roots, but the last half softly digresses into a much darker, less mainstream atmosphere.  And finally, the album concludes with the frightening 'Faaip de Oiad' which includes audio from a 1997 call to Art Bell's famous radio show.  <br />Tool as a whole has undoubtedly evolved from their past incarnations -- while this is sure to turn some fans off, others will enjoy every bit of their refreshing originality.<br />To complain:... track listing isn't 100% correct, as the ninth song is spelled 'Lateralis' in the same fashion as Aenema's title song.
B00005B36H|2.0|random thoughts on the album: disappointment, good drums, some cool guitar riffs, bass is fine, maynard is one of the most over rated singers alive today, tool needs a new singer, i thought this album was supposed to be great, maynard cannot sing anything melodical, maynard does better singing with apc, the band has some talent but maynard has just about none, maynard got lucky getting in tool, every song sounds like an ok song off aenima, this cd will probably collect dust, refund <br />#1 - ok song, nothing great #2 - not even a full song, number of real songs on cd 13-1=12 #3 - not bad, some cool guitar #4 - once again, not a real song, number of real songs on cd 13-2=11 #5 - way overhyped. weak first single, maynard can't sing #6 - yet another fake song, nothing but some bad singing from maynard, number of real songs on cd 13-3=10 #7 - as with the other real songs, nothing great...doesn't make me say, &quot;this song rules&quot; or anything #8 - starts off ok, but ends up like everything else...blahh #9 - starts off bad. not a bad song but maynard's poor singing and whispering ruins it #10 - nice bass and guitar, maynard's droning adds nothing, never gets going, 1/2 a song, number of real songs on cd 13-3.5=9.5 #11 - cool beginning, sounds like indian music, drives you nuts after a while #12 - instrumental, pretty cool, at least there's no singing #13 - nothing but nonsense, number of real songs on cd 13-4.5=8.5<br />i don't hate tool, i own 3 of their cds (including this one).. i'm just disappointed witht his album and i think maynard is a hugely overrated singer.
B00005B36H|5.0|As I listen to this album I can't keep myself from smiling. Unbelievable!  The passion and purity of the music is so amazingly powerful words can't even begin to describe.  Lateralus has its own sound distinct from Aenima and Undertow, with a more personal, poetic theme in the lyrics.  The ideas are less abstract and more &quot;human&quot;.  <br />After nearly 79 minutes of intense musical poetry and emotion, I will listen it through again.  There's nothing artificial or manufactured on this album; each moment has a feeling, each song is completely authentic and original.  For Tool fans, purchase of this is absolutely necessary.  <br />Tool has again birthed something which will last for many years, a work of art so very rarely attained in superficial modernity.  Five stars is far too few.
0380788624|4.0|This was a great book, the story takes place in the past during WWII with a code breaker for the Army and his grandson in the present who deals with encryption and computers.  Some of the book can get very technical and it is very long, but it is worth it!  It also contains a lot of history that I found very interesting, but I was a little disappointed in the ending which fell a little flat.
B00005BL2A|5.0|At first listen I thought it was OK but after the second listen I was hooked.  The lyrics are the best I have heard out of Martin Gore.  I agree with the critic who said that David's voice is back and better than ever.  He is back in true form. The music has a maturity and a sensuality shows their ever increasing talents.  They have really outdone themselves.<br />It was worth the wait!
B00005B36H|5.0|After 5 years (since Aenima), Tool is back with yet another solid album. Lateralus combines the classic Tool dynamic of soft melodies and metal-hard riffs with a new level of variation, depth, and complexity. With a few more low-key songs and some more inventive arrangements than in previous albums, Lateralus manages to be quite original while retaining the same style that Tool fans have come to expect. Even as a marginal Tool fan, I highly recommend this album to anyone who wants something that cannot be found anywhere else in the music world. The album is top-quality from beginning to end. Buy it!
B00004YW6I|5.0|This album is wonderful...PJ's voice will seduce you and blow you away--sometimes simultaneously!  My favorites:  &quot;Beautiful Feeling&quot;--This track makes me feel as though I'm being serenaded in PJ's arms and completely lost in another world.  &quot;The Whores Hustle and The Hustlers Whore&quot;--A powerful, beautiful, rock groove and that whoop she lets out after the line &quot;Speak to me of your inner peace&quot; gives me goosebumps.  &quot;Kamikaze&quot;--Who says girls can't rock?  This is one of the best rock blasts I have ever heard by anyone, anytime.  Oh, and the lyrics are nothing short of mind-blowing: &quot;10,000 willing pilots flying/Interfacing space and beyond.&quot;  <br />Buy this CD today!
B00005B36H|5.0|After 5 years (since Aenima), Tool is back with yet another solid album. Lateralus combines the classic Tool dynamic of soft melodies and metal-hard riffs with a new level of variation, depth, and complexity. With a few more low-key songs and some more inventive arrangements than in previous albums, Lateralus manages to be quite original while retaining the same style that Tool fans have come to expect. Even as a marginal Tool fan, I highly recommend this album to anyone who wants something that cannot be found anywhere else in the music world. The album is top-quality from beginning to end. Buy it!
B00005B36H|5.0|This CD deserves so much more than just 5 stars.  Even if you're just a moderate Tool fan, or music fan in general, this is one CD that MUST be in your collection, yes, its that good!  Musically its better than all of their previous albums combined and when you add the always inspiring and intriguing vocals and lyrics of MJK you have pure musical bliss.  Track by track rating below:<br />1 - The Grudge:  Good opening track that took a little while to grow on me but now is one of my favorites.  A somewhat strange intro that gradually leads into the usuall Tool light-heavy-light-heavy musical formula.  Excellent drums throughout.  4/5<br />2 - Eon Blue Apocalypse:  For such a cool title its kinda disappointing that this is just a segue but as far as segues go its actually pretty decent.  Really disturbing guitar playing.  2/5<br />3 - The Patient:  One of the mellower tracks on the CD, obviously influenced by Maynards work with APC, still though its a pretty good track with some heavier parts in the middle.  3/5<br />4 - Mantra:  Now this is just scary.  Basically this is a little over a minute of creepy moaning that kinda sounds like a distorted bass heavy whale.  Still though, its kinda boring but not nearly as annoying as some of Ænimas segues.  1/5<br />5 - Schism:  The first single.  At first I really didn't like this song and thought that if the rest of the CD was like this I was going to be sorely disappointed.  It'll grow on you though but I still think the only reason it was released as a single is because its the shortest &quot;song&quot; on the CD.  Still better than most new metal anyway.  3/5<br />6 - Parabol:  Half song, half segue, you have to listen to the next track with it or it doesn't make sense.  By itself its kinda boring and a bit too mellow for most Tool fans.  The digeridoo in the background is cool though.  2/5<br />7 - Parabola:  The harder rocking brother of Parabol.  In my opinion this song features the best guitar work Adam Jones has ever done.  Basically this is a continuation of the themes started in Parabol.  One of the heavier and catchier songs on the CD, especially if you include Parabol.  4/5<br />8 - Ticks &amp; Leeches:  The is probably the heaviest song on the CD, the theme of the songs seems to taunt todays musical industry and its fans.  It seems like Tool is trying to respond to the industries pressure to make 3 minute &quot;radio friendly&quot; songs with this 8 minute monster.  One of my favorite parts of the CD is the chorus to this song:  &quot;Hope this is what you wanted, hope this is what you had in mind cuz this is what you're getting.&quot;  The drumming on this song is also some of the best on the CD with Danny Carey going absoultely INSANE throughout.  4/5<br />9 - Lateralis:  I don't have that much to say about this song.  Its got a really interesting song structure to it, strange time changes and breaks when you least expect them keep it interesting.  As always the drumming is awesome.  3/5<br />10 - Disposition:  I don't really like this track that much, its too slow and the only words are repetetive.  This song is more like an intro to the next song.  2/5<br />11 - Reflection:  The best song on the CD.  I don't know why I like it so much other than its just a great song to turn on and then just kinda space out too.  Its an 11 minute droning masterpiece with some really cool distored vocals from Maynard.  Kinda makes me feel like wandering through the desert and hallucinating.  5/5<br />12 - Triad:  Instrumental that kinda feeds off of Reflection.  Once again, excellent musicianship from Tool as this song really rocks in parts.  As a whole though I don't like the idea of ending a song with a 6 minute instrumental but Tool seem to know what they're doing and its really not that annoying anyway.  3/5<br />13 - Faaip De Oiad:  Now this is just scary.  Its got some crazy static distortion and some loud drumming and a really, really strange and creepy dialouge from a former Area 51 employee talking about aliens taking over the world.  The song just gets cut off leaving you with an almost haunted feeling.  Scary.  2/5
B00005B36H|5.0|They did it again. But differently, Lateralus has alot more percussion and techno added into it to make it even better. By far the best rock album, ever, arguably the best album in any genra.         1.The Grudge, one of the heaviest tracks on the album, changes constantly.   10/10        2. Eon Blue Apocalypse.        3. The Patient, a little like H. Also relates to APC a little.   8/10        4. Mantra.        5. Schism- the song you've probably heard, not the best song on the album. Has a great ending.  8/10        6. Parabol- an intro to......        7. Parabola- Heavy, changes, another excellent TOOL song.  9.5/10        8. Ticks and Leeches- scream after scream from Maynard, another metal like track. One of the best on the album.  10/10        9. Lateralis- Most likely the best song on the album, 10 minutes of eerie, heavy music. 10/10        10. Disposition- more of an APC song, but goes great with the album. very soft and pretty.   7.5/10        11. Reflection- Very artistic, shows just how talented tool is.     10/10        12. Triad- a great closer to a very original album    9/10        13. Faaip de oiad- hidden track, very wierd song.
B00005B36H|5.0|I think that it's safe to say that Tool's definately topped themselves with Lateralus. Even the psychedelic packaging shows that this is an album unlike any other. The thing is that it's hard to judge this album just by hearing the single Schism. Tool meant it to be that way. You'll never be able to judge any Tool album - past, present, or future just on the strength of its singles. The singles fit into the album like a jigsaw puzzle, and it's really difficult to judge with just one piece. <br />Lateralus has quite a few elements from AEnima, you have the songs that top 7, 8, and even 11 minutes. Not for the impatient listener, by any means. Spliced in between are short instrumentals, designed as mere interludes between one song and the next. Upon first listen, Reflection will remind you of AEnima's longer anthems, like Push It and Third Eye, however, it's not quite as intense as the latter. It's a lot more quiet than Third Eye was, without all the heavy textures, sound samples, and such. There's no straight-forward metal numbers like Stinkfist, though Schism does come off as one. This one requires serious listening. There really is no bad song on this CD, since it's meant to be listened to as a whole in one sitting. The true standouts are Triad, a long Hendrix or Zepplin-esque guitar solos and heavily textured backgrounds. Also, Reflection, Parabol/Parabola, and the title song merit mention as being the standouts on this modern rock masterpiece.  While AEnima was a very intense album, this ups the intensity factor 10 fold. The best way to enjoy this album - close the windows and doors, turn the lights off, close your eyes and crank it up to 11. Only then will you be able to appreciate Maynard's true insane genius. This CD is damn near perfect, and all Tool, modern rock, whatever fans need to have this CD in their collections. Lateralus will cement its place as as a classic for years to come. It was definately worth the wait.
B00005B36H|5.0|I want to say straight up that tool is the best band in there genra and most likely every genra and that they prove that with Lateralus. My opinion is that Lateralus is more complex and artistic than Aenima was, but I think Aenima was just more ...Tool. Overall I don't know which one is better, but I do know that Lateralus was well worth the 41/2 year wait.Here is my track by track opinion: 1. The Grudge- reminds me a little bit of 46and2. The Grudge is heavy and constantly changes, like most tool songs.  10/10 2. Eon Blue Apocalypse- a nice little intro to the next track. 3. The Patient- starts out soft with some nice singing from Maynard, then about 3 minutes into it the song explodes and changes choruses until the ending.  9.5/10 4. Mantra- another song that isn't a song. 5. Schism- the first single, why? I don't know. Probably because it doesn't have a long opening and it's short(for tool).  9/10 6. Parabol- an intro to..... 7. Parabola- a very opiate/undertowish song. Heavy all the way through.  9.5/10 8. Ticks and Leeches- reminds me of Hooker with a Pen**, except with a long midsection.  10/10 9. Lateralis- Personal favourite track at the moment. Long, heavy, with lots of changes and a great ending.  10/10 10. Disposition- like APC, also kind of an intro to the next track.   8/10 11. Reflection- Tool shows how talented they are. The whole song reminded me of the opening for Eulogy(except the end). This song is wierd(even for tool).    10/10 12. Triad- good closer- no vocals though, mainly just distorted guitar riffs.   9/10 13. Faaip de Oiad- scary- a little like Dier Eer von Satan(sp?).
B0000542D2|5.0|I cannot believe the negative (albeit, few) reviews some knuckleheads are giving this classic!  They obviously are not going into it with an open mind.  Of course, if you ARE a Beatles fan you will love this film without hesitation.  If you are impartial or simply NOT a Beatles fan you will still love this wonderful film.  If you pretend you are a qualified film critic then you will probably give this a &quot;thumbs down&quot; but you are only fooling yourself.  Open up!  The Beatles' acting is much better than so-called actors in their first film.  Whoever said Ringo's acting, in particular, was bad, is way out of line.  Ringo is charming and quite amusing.  All this film is about is a day in the life of The Beatles (there's a song there somewhere).  I don't think it pretends to be anything else.  Enjoy it for what it is!  If it's lack of substance you want, then go back to your Hip-hop, Backstreet Boys, or Madonna videos!
B00005B36H|4.0|The first single Schism off the lateralus cd is probably the best out of all the tool songs save Sober. The songs are good if you have the time to listen to them. Theres not a song on here that doesnt last for less than 6 minutes. A few radio friendly songs that stayed under 4 minutes would have been welcome, but i guess Schism will have to do. Otherwise this is a good record if you can stand the ridiculously long play times.
B00005B36H|5.0|This is not the Tool we were expecting. Its better. More refined, mature, and sounding like they needed to get something off their collective backs. I am amazed at how melodic and soulful a few of the tracks sound, then I get my head blown off by the next one. Sounds like Tool to me. We waited a long time for this one, It was worth it.
078401213X|5.0|If you like Math, this movie is for you.  If you're not into Math at all, don't watch this movie.  It will be a waste of time for you.  I give it 5 for being original.
B00005B36H|5.0|like one of the many fans of this band.. i have been waiting in anticipation for this cd, and.. today i bought it.. and was just silenced.  this isn't what i'd expected.. this isn't what i'd hoped for.. but.. this is tool.. and it is good.  <br />the songs are wrapped in a more melodic density.. heavy.. and..intricate.. i've listened to it at least 6 times already today.. and each time i find myself captivated by a different track.  <br />it's not undertow.. it's not aenema.. it's not what you think.. if you like tool buy this cd and make up your own mind. this cd returns to us, tool, as a living, breathing BAND.. and not just a sound from the past.
B00005BL2A|3.0|I'll cut to the chase here - Exciter is not a blockbuster album in any sense of the word.  We'll start at the beginning.<br />There are no standout tracks on the album, so it takes a few listens for the music to start to sink in.  All the tracks here have a laid-back, atmospheric feel to them, so don't expect any poppy dance songs, moody epics, or straight-out rockers like on previous discs.<br />The music is quite different from any other Depeche Mode album - things are sparse, and there are plenty of samples to go around.  I suppose you could call it &quot;minimal electronic&quot; if you want.  This is especially evident on the first single, &quot;Dream On&quot; - an acoustic guitar, some ambient samples, and a skittering drum beat.  Dave Gahan's vocals are better than anything else he's done to this point, and Martin Gore turns in his usual fantastic performances on &quot;Comatose&quot; and &quot;Breathe&quot;.<br />My real problem is with the lyrics, which come off as uninspired and uninteresting.  In the worst cases, they're downright embarassing to listen to, such as the chorus to &quot;The Dead Of Night&quot; (we are the dead of night/we're in the zombie room/we're twilight's parasites/with self-inflicted wounds).  The other lyrics focus on love, life, the usual topics, but while some phrases seem like they should have an impact, nothing really clicks.<br />It's not a bad album, but it's not as varied as Black Celebration or as dynamic as Violator.  I'll have to recommend this for Depeche Mode fans only.
B000006OS2|1.0|Do not buy the DVD!  I love this film.  I grew up on John Wayme films. I don't own any of his films, and this was the first one I purchased on DVD.  I can not tell you how disappointed I was in the quality of the DVD.  It had lines, black dots, and terrible editing to fit it on a full screen.  It was a though the worst possible copy of the movie was used to reproduce this on DVD.  I would return the DVD, but I have absolutely no time. The DVD company did not do a good job.  I showed this to my mom on mother's day, and I was embarrassed.  She however was gracious about the flaws.
B00005B36H|5.0|Lateralus is another completely original piece of music, like Undertow and nima were.  It's sounds are recognizably Tool, that heavy watery bass and the hard and low guitar riffs, the unconventional rock drumming, the soothing at times but angry at times vocals.  It's the great combination of hard and soft, like nima was, but it's different in many ways.  It's less &quot;catchy&quot; then their other albums, yet the songs seem more dense.  Like you can't get bored listening to it, there's so much new stuff to hear every time, which is what really defines a great album to most people, that re-playability.            I could listen to this for so long, it's music is dense, passionate, artistic and conceptual, so full.  The wrong thing to do here is compare it to past Tool albums though, because bands have changing sounds and changing attitudes, so unfortuneatly people will probably compare old albums with the new ones and complain the new ones aren't as good.  If people really sit down and listen to this different sound, they will appreciate it.             Before listening to Lateralus, clear your mind of all that came before, and be open to what greatness can come out of it.  It definitely is something new.  It has sweet song interludes, it's got personal lyrics, and the music is great overall.            What people have always respected about Tool is that they never sold their bodies and slapped them all over their cover art and liner notes.  As much business as a band does behind the music, they somehow have a great deal, and don't sell out to the image.              THE MUSIC IS WHAT IS IMPORTANT.            What makes this a great buy, is they literally pack the CD full of music, it's around 79:00 minutes long, almost the whole disc.  Plus, the packaging is beautiful.  I don't want to ruin the surprise, but the art work is complex and beautiful, with the coolest liner notes booklet in existence, and some great geometry to throw into it.  There are so many esoteric concepts behind the art, the music, and the lyrics, that you can get lost in meaning.              All in all, this a great disc, and a great buy for any music lover.  Thanks again, Tool.
B00004XONN|1.0|Radiohead have gone too far here. They have released an album that is 10 songs and 49 minutes of complete noise. I agree with the 109 1-star reviews that this album has so far, and I'm about to make it 110. This album was a complete waste.<br />I can't bear to talk long about such a bad album. &quot;OK Computer&quot; was one of the best albums ever. If they had just stopped there at that cross between genuine rock music and computer experimentation...but no, they had to take it one step farther. On this CD, they almost completely ditched guitars. &quot;Kid A&quot; seems an appropriate title, as any Kid A could have ran around the studio for 49 minutes pushing notes on various synthesizers.<br />Overall, this album is a sincere disappointment. I recommend you buy it only as use for a drink coaster or if you are seriously considering committing suicide. Other than that, you will regret this purchase.
B00005BL2A|5.0|Cathartic. Different. Challenging. Unbelievable. Martin...this is what one may want to expect after all the anticipation of a new Depeche Mode Cd. Yet, even though prepared for some great reward, the reality of the genius hits you upon the first listening. You're Simply convinced and blissful that the first listening delivers. Martin has done it again. The apex of his abilities as a songwriter and lyricist is on display. Tracks such as \\"I Feel Loved\\",\\"Breathe\\" and the instrumental \\"Easy Tiger\\" conjur up a blissful intoxication that in one word can only be defined as special...Depeche Mode. Decide for yourself...However,Jump into this journey believing that you will be transormed... Listen, enjoy... Exciter is plain and simply a masterpiece..
B00005BL2A|5.0|Exciter is an excellent album.  It is not as hard and rock influenced as Ultra and Songs of faith and devotion (which I also enjoy). Exciter is a diverse mixture of songs - with hints to A Broken Frame, Black Celebration and Violator. This album, like most of their albums, stands on its own and is unique in sound and production.  Anyone who is disappointed with this album must have either wished for DM to stay the same or wished they became someone/something else. Exciter is exactly what it should be, fresh, new, and experimental, yet remaining Depeche Mode.  It's a wonderful album and gets better with each listen.
B00005B36H|5.0|It's been nearly 6 years of waiting for Tool fans. We've all been waiting to see what would be next from the band. Finally, after a new record label and a new deal, Tool comes back with the album Lateralus.        The album contains that same hypnotic vocals and bizarre rythms that we have grown accustomed to from Tool.  But Maynard and crew have changed their sound by what seems writing songs from the Bass lines up.  Each song is another work of art from Tool. The songs rock, The band rocks, and that maynard is one wild and crazy guy. Now I just hope we dont have to wait another 6 years for their next album
B00003W8NM|5.0|More thought provoking than The Matrix and deeper than American Beauty, Fight Club is simply the best film of 1999.
B00005B36H|5.0|So many bands (too many to list) used the past 5 years to try to imitate Tool's sound.  With this latest release Tool proves again that the 'formula' just isnt that easy to recreate.  Another complex, dark and engaging recording from the masters and originators of the genre.  Too bad Im at work and have to use the headphones.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|I am a new fan of Bjork's music, after I saw the brilliant film &quot;Dancer In The Dark&quot;. &quot;Selmasongs&quot; was the first album of hers I bought and I went on to buy the other three. The soundtrack is basically what the title states- it is music from &quot;Dancer In The Dark&quot; with the exceptions of The Next To Last Song and Bjork's short rendition of My Favorite Things which were reasonably cut from the soundtrack release as they don't fit in well with the album's structuring. The album is more likable after seeing the film (I rarely give albums 5 stars by the way) if I listened to this before I would probably give it  3 1/2 rating. The recording opens with the Overture, a track composed by Bjork which then goes into the cartoonish-styled &quot;Cvalda&quot; in which she enters a musical fantasy where she asks her friend to dance, which is something the friend does not like doing. Next is the brilliant, moving track &quot;I've Seen It All&quot; where Selma persuades someone that she is not going completely blind and she has seen all that she needs to, this was worthy of an Oscar despite losing the award. The music samples the rhythm of the noise a train makes as Bjork gives a beautiful vocal delivery with Thom Yorke of Radiohead (Peter Stormare in the film). Next is Scatterheart in which she thinks and ponders over a certain incident she just commited, then you go into In THe Musicals and 107 Steps the first one being about Selma wondering in song why she loves musicals and the latter is really indescribable and only understandable after seeing the film &quot;Dancer In The Dark&quot;. Lastly, there is &quot;New World&quot; which I believe could've passed as the film's theme song as it plays during the end credits. This is the track in which my opinion, is the best composed as Bjork's voice beautifully swifts through soft music that increases loudly and eventually end with thumping, hard beats (basically, the Bjork formula for much of her hit singles).Basically, Selmasongs would not make a bad album for first-time Bjork listeners and everyone who saw the film &quot;Dancer In The Dark&quot; and enjoyed it will love this and to those who haven't seen the film and do not know much about Bjork, this might be worth a try but you should also give a try with &quot;Post&quot; which is more mainstream than &quot;Selmasongs&quot;. <br />Rating: 5 Stars
B000002UA0|3.0|This is a real higgledy-piggledy mixture of unrelated tracks in no particular order. The album must have been a huge disappointment to teenage fans of the era since it includes neither the existing nor forthcoming singles of 1967. A live version of Astronome Domine is included on the much later Umma Gumma but the one here seems to be the definitive studio take. Lucifer Sam, Flaming and Gnome are fairly typical psychadelic tunes of the period. Pow R. Toc H. is another of the improvised jazz numbers which characterised early Floyd jam-sessions. The truncated and obscure variation of Interstellar Overdrive must have been for the benefit or regular UFO Club visitors since the full-length original had not yet been released on record. (Officially, that is). The influence of Dave Brubeck on both tracks is clear.<br />Mathilda Mother, Chapter 24 and Scarecrow belong to what would today be described as 'new age' music. As such they predate the folk-rock boom of the late 1960's/early 1970's in England and demonstrate just how far Syd Barrett's compositons were ahead of their time. Roger Waters has stated elsewhere ... that 'Saucerful Of Secrets' demonstrates why Barrett had to leave the band. I would say that Bike - inspired as far as I know by the movie adaptation of Martin Amis' Here We Go Round The Mulberry Bush - already forsignalled the inevitable split from the band. It is brilliant, it is artisitic but whether it is musical is highly subjective. Take Up Thy Stethoscope is a raw example of Waters' own early compostition.<br />Despite its obvious shortcomings, Piper remains an essential purchase for anyone with an interest in the early development of either the group or Syd Barrett.
B000001FI7|5.0|man what a trip.  this album is hypnotic to say the least.  i still remember where i was the first time i heard this masterpiece.  sittin' on a cliff in maui with my new bride...lookin up at the stars and feelin the sea breeze wash over the two of us.  this release can be so eerie at times yet so painfully intoxicating... beth gibbons has a voice that can only be placed with liz fraser of &lt;cocteau&gt; fame...how?  by simply pulling emotions out of the very depths of your being.  this cd is pure magic...trust me. pop it in...sit back...start to chill, and trip the night away. peace.
B00005BL2A|2.0|Most of us will be longtime fans and almost everyone has been waiting for this new album in the hope that it gives 'that special feeling' again. Well ...<br />Ultra was not great, but I rated it as ok with a couple of good songs. One could expect things getting better with the next album.<br />Not so, I'm afraid. 'Exciter' must be the worst DM release ever, taking into account that after 20 years the standard has to be higher than at the time of 'Speak and Spell' or 'A Broken Frame'. <br />Many here list 'Dream on' as one of the better songs, but really, this is the weakest single by DM after 1986. It is one of the better songs on this album, however ! 5/10. 'Shine' is an average DM song; 6/10. 'Sweetest condition' is bad and ugly; 3/10. 'When the body speaks' is also average, but I have to say I like some parts of the song; 7/10. Better chorus and it could be 8/10. 'The Dead of Night' is not great as a song but has some of the old DM I like; 7/10. So far it does not seem that bad. But wait:<br />'Freelove' (and the instrumental in front) are both very slow and boring; 3/10. Maybe better production could help. 'Comatose' is below par as a song and lacks excitement; 4/10. 'I Feel Loved' is so average and MOR, I really hate a band like DM write such an obvious money-maker; 2/10. 'Breath'. My God ! Better not rank this at all. 'Easy Tiger'; 3/10. 'I am you' is the best track on this album. It has a sensible content, a fine verse and a very nice chorus. Thank you for including at least one song which matters to me; 9/10. 'Goodnight Lovers' and Goodbye DM, take a really good and long sleep; 3/10.<br />'Exciter' sounds dull and (for the most part) uninspired. Slow songs about love are very fine by me, as long as they are good. Which, on 'Exciter', they are not. <br />I will keep on hoping for a better album next time (if there will be one) but I am afraid that things will not improve. Getting Alan Wilder back would sort out a couple of bad production choices but I think Wilder too will not be able to turn a bad song into a winner. And that is the main problem here. Most of songs are just no good. Shame...
B00005B36H|5.0|Finally. After five long years of waiting, one of the 2001's most highly anticipated albums has been released. Tool's Lateralus, the follow up to 1996's highly successful AEnima, is more magnificent of an album than I ever could have hoped for. Even someone as completely skeptical and angst-filled as I, can do nothing but sit in awe of the breath-taking sounds that emanate from my stereo's speakers as I type this CD's praises. With only thirteen tracks, the album clocks in at an impressive 80 minutes. The songs are more like opuses; the lyrics are poetic, and the musicianship is excellent. The parts are complex, but as well arranged as any orchestral piece. They also rest on that fine line of being musical and heavy at the same time.  One of the main highlights is Maynard James Keenan's trademark powerful yet introverted vocal performances. Though they are not as ballad-esque and haunting as those of his side project, A Perfect Circle, this album better demonstrates his vocal abilities than any of Tool's previous releases. Another highpoint is Danny Carey's almost inhuman drumming. His pounding, tribal beats add such a building intensity to the songs that it's easy to forget that they're being created by a mere human armed with only two arms, two legs, and a pair of drumsticks. All the band members are masters of their craft, seeming more like four solo artists who happen to play together than a typical band.  All these elements combined give Tool and this album a sound and a quality that puts them well ahead of many of the current metal bands. On a scale of one to ten, I would have to give an 11.5861. This album has the ability to make one lose themselves in the music and have an out-of-body experience without the use of other harmful, illegal stimulants. For Tool fans, and music fans in general, this album was definitely worth the wait.
B00005B36H|5.0|I picked up Tool's latest album the first day it came out. I had only heard one song off it but already I was impressed. anyways, after I picked up the album, just one word... amazing!!! This is definitly Tool's best yet. Everything is done right from the complex song structure and amazing riffs, right to the cool packaging. Definitly a must buy for anyone who has any interest in the band or simply music for that matter.
B00003CXSP|2.0|I saw Hannibal in the theatre after reading the book and enduring the months of hype that preceeded it. I was trying to be open-minded about it.  I loved Silence of the Lambs and easily consider it to be one of the all time classics in film making.  I was thoroughly disappointed.<br />There are so many things to dislike about this movie, even if you take it out of the Silence of the Lambs category.  Julianne Moore as Clarice...well, I'll give her credit...those are some awfully big shoes to fill and while I think she did try, her performance was flat and mediocre at best.  The book, in case you haven't read it, essentially turns all of the characters into side-show freaks and that couldn't be removed from the script which underwent massive re-writes right up until production.  Director Ridley Scott does manage to provide atmosphere to this film but that doesn't detract from the pitiful storyline.  <br />Gary Oldman plays the character of Mason Verger, whose only goal in life is to get revenge for what Hannibal did to him years before (which was basically remove his face).  Now, its says alot that Oldman's name doesn't appear in the credits...could it be embarrassment to be associated with this film?  Ray Liotta does a fair job of portraying the sexist, repulsive and crooked FBI agent, but the infamous dinner scene which was supposed to be scary and climatic falls flat and winds up being a joke. <br />Now, lets discuss Anthony Hopkins.  His portrayal of Hannibal Lecter in Silence of the Lambs was a mixture of pure evil and pure genius.  His acting ability in that film was exceptional and frankly, it made everyone sit up and take notice.  He was creepy and scary and somehow endearing all at once.  He was subtle and over the top and man, did he make the most sinister and unforgettable character of all time.  And then there was Anthony Hopkins in Hannibal.  What happened?  Hannibal the Cannibal went from being scary and stylish to being old and perverted.  Phrases like\\"I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti, fphhh fphhh fphhh\\" have now been replaced with \\"Okey dokey\\"  WHAT?!!  He wasn't scary or sinister at all...he was just a pitiful old man wandering around in a library half the time and pretending to be threatening.  I felt sorry for him one minute and disgusted the next.  I kept wanting to yell \\"KILL SOMEONE AND EAT THEIR LIVER OR SOMETHING.\\"  And the whole Hannibal vs. Clarice thing was transformed into something even sicker than liver-eating.  I kept waiting to see \\"Lector Loves Clarice\\" carved into a tree or something. It was far more fun to know that he respected her and felt the world was more interesting with her in it than this in-your-face twisted obsession.<br />Needless to say, I cannot recommend this film.  Please rent it before you shell out the cash for your own copy.  If you want to see a good, original and truly creepy film, buy Silence of the Lambs and leave this ... sequel on the shelf.
B00000AFFF|5.0|This is truly a wonderful collection. From someone not in to &quot;easy listening&quot;, I was more than pleasantly surprised.  Costello has one of the most unique and captivating voices around.  All of the songs have beautiful lyrics and are arranged in superb fashion.  I highly recommend this CD.  &quot;My Thief&quot; will send shivers down your spine.
0451191153|5.0|The Fountainhead is the story of Howard Roark, a young architect with a unique talent and a profound ideology. Through encouters with plotting competitors, deceitful journalists, and corrupt businessmen, Howard works tenaciously and artistically to eventually succeed in his own way.<br />     Ayn Rand displays her captivating writing style in this novel about hte true value of the ego. Individuality is emphasized in the originality of the story line and plot, which is extremely paradoxical and is exemplified through character interaction. A mirror structue establishes this work as a reflection of society's weaknesses and potentials, which serves to further its theme of paradox. Ms. Rand has created a great work which accents the inportance of belief in one's self derived from inner confidence, rather than from superficial success. As Howard Roark said, &quot;Man's first duty is to himself...this includes the whole sphere of his creative faculty...&quot;
B00005ATQM|5.0|The future of music is here. If you own a 6 channel system you owe it to yourself to try this new format out. You'll never want to go back to &quot;regular&quot; CD's. Crisp highs, deep lows through the subwoofer, and full use of all 6 channels. I'm hooked. I don't own a DVD-Audio player YET. There is still an advanced resolution sound to be explored yet. You need a DVD-Audio player to unlock this format.I can't imagine it getting any better, but apparently it does. As for this disc, the music speaks for itself.
B00003CXPD|5.0|I had heard many good things about this film, but nothing prepared me for its sheer BRILLIANCE!!!!!!! all I could think after watching was.. &quot;oh my giddy aunt , WHERE did they find Jamie Bell?!!&quot; ..and what a dancer he was!!!     All in all, a tearjerking extravaganza of emotions!!!!
B00005B36H|5.0|Back in 1993, Tool exploded onto the mainstream rock scene with Undertow.  They established themselves furthur with the Grammy winning Aenima.  They return in 2001 with their third full-length studio album Lateralus.   Again shrugging off the standards that hold other bands down, Tool has reinvented themselves yet again with Lateralus.  The disc has a very distictive sound, and you can tell that Tool is experimenting with different ideas.  Maynard James Keenan's voice is as dominant as ever, and voice overs and aftereffects give it a totally new sound.  It is still undeniably Tool, so don't be scared off by that.  It enhances the songs to a great degree.   Getting to the songs, Tool fans will recognize the sound.  We  see an expectable heavy crunching on &quot;The Grudge&quot; and &quot;Schism&quot;.  There is also lighter sounding songs, like &quot;Parabol&quot;, although one should note that it bleeds flawlessly into it's sister song &quot;Parabola&quot;, which is about as heavy as it gets.  Another unusual example of songs running on from track to track are the epics &quot;Disposition&quot;, &quot;Reflection&quot;, and, appropriatly, &quot;Triad&quot;.  Although they are technically separate songs, when listened together they create a 25 minute long saga comparable to earlier Pink Floyd.  Other notable songs are &quot;Ticks &amp; Leeches&quot; and &quot;The Patient&quot;, although there are no bad songs on the disc.  A word of warning:  diehard Tool fans should pick up on Latealus immediately, but others will need to listen to the disc more than once to fully appreciate the artfullness.  Candidate for Album of the Year.
B00005B36H|3.0|OK, OK, I know I'm going to have plenty of negativity directed at me for this....but it's a review, and if you want nothing but biased Tool adoration, go to a fanpage. Don't get me wrong, the record IS good...and yes, I am a devout &quot;Maynard can do no wrong&quot; believer.  Talentwise, it is a brilliant album.  The songs just don't really, I don't know.... stand out.  There's not a song on this album that sends a chill down my spine, compared to Aenima and Undertow.  The Perfect Circle album far outshines Lateralus as well. I would still recommend buying Lateralus, especially if you are a die-hard Tool fan.  I just expected, after a 5-year wait, to be completely blown away by the new CD..and in that respect it fell short.
0896760278|3.0|I know it is probably heresy to say this, but I can never decide whether or not to keep Arnold's books in my library.  I love the fact that she gives you graphed patterns for historic clothing and her writing is clear and interesting.  The projects are not for the beginning seamstress, but are clearly explained by the author.  I guess I have a problem with some of the clothes she chooses to reproduce--not all the examples are good looking or typical of their period.  The choices seem very esoteric; for some people that is probably part of their charm.  If you find enough examples you like I would recommend the books, but you might want to take a look at them at the library first.
6302610702|5.0|The Godfather is with out a doubt one of the best films you will ever see. The Godfather shows you just how deadly and violent mob life is as it takes you deep inside the Corleone family as they rise to power but are almost destroyed in the process. Francis Ford Coppola is truely a genius and the greatest director ever. The Godfather II was also a powerful movie as it show two sides of the story and how the Corleone family came to power and how the current leader is losing control. Part three was good but not as good as the first two. They were all classics.
B000021XR5|4.0|In my music tastes, Stone Temple Pilots are one of my favorites. This is almost as good as Purple, which means a positive sign. I hear that Scott and Co. decided on their first single from their next album. This is pretty unique. It still has grunge. But I like grunge. It starts with Down. Awesome rock guitars. Masterpiece. The next best thing on here is track 3, Pruno. I don't really know why I like it though. The next track is a more pop track, Church on Tuesday, which isn't probably the best song from this album. Then, SOur Girl, the third single from this album. I love it still, but it isn't the best of No 4. No Way Out is awesome. It has loud, crunchy guitars and I didn't really mind the repetitive ending. Then it gets to Sex &amp; Violence, which starts out extremely loud. It is a punkier-sounding song. If you liked the Sex Pistols, you'll like this. Glide is a song I love a lot on this album. It has great guitars and this song is right in place of where it should be. It sounds kind of old but who cares? Then, I Got You. Another melodic track on this album. It's another guitar song too. I also love MC5 because of that drum intro. Actually I like the end, and don't pay enough attention to the weird ending of &quot;I just broke a string *members laugh for a sec*&quot;. Atlanta is the weirdest of the album. It is slow and melodic, even has a part that gets slow.<br />Overall, I think Scott dedicated a big portion of this to his ex-wife. It's what is talked about on the majority of this album. If you love guitars, buy this.
B00005B36H|5.0|...Tool is the one true constant left in hard rock (a point made blatantly clear by the release of Lateralus).  The album starts out with what may be the best track on the CD in Cornerstone and doesn't let up until Disposition.  You'll hear elements of both Undertow and Aenema all rapped up into a shiny, new, more polished case.  If you liked both of the previous two CD's, Lateralus will blow you away.  It's absolutely rediculous.
B00000JYGX|5.0|People who put down the musical NOTRE DAME DE PARIS when it opened in London and Las Vegas, need to hear this original French version to understand why this musical has captured imaginations worldwide.  The music is very moving and when mixed in the original French language lends a feeling of poetry to the whole proceedings. Unfortunately, an uneven English translation has hurt the show when it left the French speaking audience.  As for this album, Garou's harsh voice is put to great effect as the hunchback, Quasimodo, while Noa's smokey, sultry voice brings depth to her role of the gypsy Esmeralda. This &quot;pop opera&quot; holds up very well and deserved much better then what critics have offered. I strongly recommend this version over the London cast album.
B00005B36H|4.0|As expected, the new tool release is excellent. i'm not one to write a long review, but 'Triad' blew me away. tool's song structure is always incredible, no different on Lateralus. great album.
B00004TRD8|5.0|years passed but like this flick(except matrix)wasnt made.every scene of is splendid.i saw it over and over,still i watch this with same merriment and zest.i cant imagine a person who wont put these masterwork into best sci-fi films.
B000002H97|5.0|This is my question for those who criticize this album for not being &quot;complex enough&quot; and sounding &quot;too mainstream.&quot; I own every Metallica album on the market. From Kill'em All to And Justice For All to S&amp;M, I own and love them all. So it should come as no surprise that I also loved Metallica's Black Album. Aside from trying to make this album a little more radio friendly than previous albums, it's obvious Metallica also wanted to make this more of a fun party album than the brooding serious album And Justice For All was. Yet, it amazes me that a lot of the people who criticize this and the two Loads (which are also great albums IMO) seem to be forgetting that the reason why we listen to music is to have fun. Not just to be impressed with the complexity of the lyrics (And Justice For All) or to impress everybody with the fact that &quot;Hey, I'm so much cooler than you! I listen to in-your-face thrash metal (Master of Puppets) and all you listen to is MTV Teen Pop!&quot; And in my opinion, every song on Metallica's Black Album, from the rocking beat and riff of Enter Sandman to the punishing thrash tone of The Struggle Within accomplishes this &quot;fun&quot; perfectly. I feel many of the previous reviewers here have gone into enough detail on the actual album so I will just close with one statement: If you can't mix your love of Master of Puppets with a little light hearted fun/humor, namely Metallica's post-Justice music, then the only advice I can give you is to go back into your mother's old attic and listen to your ultra-gloomy music, alone and in the dark.
0780631684|5.0|to me,this is one of the best flicks of scary film genre.it has got everything a viewer anticipated.what are those who doesnt like this film anticipating?it has got a good plot,hotshot players,efficacious thrill scenes,nifty references,perplexing denouement.all in all wonderful ,chic,shining film
B00003CXMG|5.0|Once again Cameron Crow has made a movie that can be watched over and over again and still be as good or better than the first time.   Letting the Music tell the story on the Bus scene was brilliant!
B00000K19E|5.0|in fact,apart from 2230 reviews of this flick ,mine may be futility.but all the same i wanna declare my humble outlook.while going this film,i got big anticipations.i knew a hunky-dory flick is waiting me.for a long time i coulnt dismiss scenes from my mind.it is staggering,eye-candy,perplexing,cool,marvy......
B00005B36H|5.0|first off let me just say this should be a 4 1/2 star review.  <br />I first heard this albumn last night when my brother bought it and i was so psyched about it. When I heard it I was intrigued yet ultimately a little disappointed.<br />secodly, this albumn reminds me a lot of the fragile by NIN.<br />The songs on this albumn are much more tame for a TOOL albumn and a hell of a lot longer too. The music is still very TOOL and Maynard's vocals are just as incredible now as they ever were. Yet, there was a feeling I just couldn't shake listening to this albumn. A feeling of, &quot;This is gonna go somewhere, I know it.&quot; Alas, it goes nowhere though.<br />Everey song on this albumn is very similar to &quot;Third Eye&quot; and &quot;Push It&quot; off of AEnima. The extensive length of each track, the no set verse/chorus patterns, and the extreme interludes between one part of the song and the other. Where as this isn't a bad thing if used on some of the songs, &quot;third Eye&quot; and &quot;push it&quot; are two of my favorites from that albumn, after about the fifth track you get a little anoyed. Also, just as a song was getting heavy and picking up, BOOM!, it was over. Hence it not going anywhere.<br />The single track, &quot;Schism&quot;, is &quot;Push It&quot; to a maximum not seen by the other songs. If you don't believe me, listen to the end of &quot;Schism&quot; and then listen to the end of &quot;Push It&quot;. It is note for note the same song. Me and my bro thought we might be giving this albumn not enough thought so we went back to it again. It was too long to listen to again! A little agrivating.<br />Yet complaints aside, it is still a solid albumn that I will challenge anyone to put up against any other band's albumn out there today.  The last three tracks seem to have been rejects from the Fragile's recording sessions. Not that that is bad, I am a huge fan of the Fragile. With the release of this albumn, let us all say, &quot;Good Bye!&quot; to modern music today.
B00003CX5A|5.0|a real horror film that delights its viewers.gothic scenes are frightining,spring and verdure scenes are appealing.for scary movie buffs.
B00005BL2A|5.0|I think's this is one of DM's best albums, up there with Black Celebration, Violator, and Ultra.  Distinctly electronic, but with a different feel then the previous album (as usual).  I really like the direction Depeche Mode has gone in this album, opting for a gentler approach than normal, but still throwing in a couple hard rock stuff.<br />The songs on the album are very good and high quality.  &quot;Shine&quot; was a very nice surpirse.  I enjoyed this ballad very much - the sample on the website doesn't nearly do it justice.  The same goes for &quot;I Feel Loved&quot;, probably the only pop/rock song on the album.  I'd have to say that, so far, my favourite songs on the album are &quot;Shine&quot;, &quot;When The Body Speaks&quot;, &quot;The Dead Of Night&quot;, &quot;Freelove&quot;, and &quot;Comatose&quot;, while &quot;The Sweetest Condition&quot; and &quot;Breathe&quot; I didn't enjoy as much as the others.  I also thought &quot;Dream On&quot; could have used a bit more of a push in it's sound - as it is, it sounds kind of empty, but I still like it very much.<br />The only disappointments on the album are probably the instrumentals, &quot;Lovetheme&quot; and &quot;Easy Tiger&quot;.  They're simply too short to have any kind of impact.  They start off really well, but then sound as if they get cut off just as they're getting to the good part.  I hope the full version of &quot;Easy Tiger&quot; on the &quot;Dream On&quot; single is a little better.<br />But despite everything, this is a truly amazing album, and recommend everyone to check it out, especially all you closet DM fans out there!  Though, I have a feeling that the DM fans from the 80s will like this less so than those of us who became fans in the 90s...:P
B00003CXFG|5.0|firstly i must own up that this film nonplused me.i was not waiting such a film.this is better than so-called great matcless alien.needless to say more.a must-see.by the way star of movie is pitch-black-monsters.
6304415346|5.0|First off, I AM NOT a Star Trek fan. I am a Star Wars FREAK. Fortunately, my Trekkie uncle helps me get the plot, which was so excellent I didn't really need his help. He even lends me his awesome Locutus action figure! The only reason I watched FC is because I think the Borg are COOL! I don't know why, but I have a fascination with cybernetic beings, like the Cyberdyne Systems Terminator Endoskeleton Series 800 Model 101 (Terminators!). DON'T ASK ME WHY I LIKE CYBORGS!!!! Anyways, I felt this film covered everything. Special effects, dialogue, &amp; the plot is not a &quot;Trekkies Only!&quot; type of thing. Of course, you should have some basic knowledge of the show, though. GEORGE LUCAS DOES NOT DO STAR TREK!!!!!!!
B00005B36H|5.0|In their newest album Lateralus, Tool plays things we have never heard before yet sound so much like Tool it is as if I know the words.  In this 80 minute masterpiece Tool takes us on a journey from the opening hard hitter The Grudge to the melodic static of Faaip De Oiad.  Maynard's vocals range from screams that remind us of Opiate to a calmer more harmonious Perfect Circle style sound.  It is quite clear throughout this album that Tool is in control and they know how everthing is going to work.<br />The transition from Parabol to Parabola is one of the highlights of this monumental album.  From a quiet composed song to a rolling guitar that seems to come from miles away.  Most of the songs are over six minutes with Lateralus reaching nine and Reflections going over eleven.  Tool knows what their fans want and they diliver.  A must have album for anyone that knows what is good for them.  This album continues where AEnime left us haning and it is as if no time has past.<br />Tool has definatly grown while Danny has perfected his drumming (even beyond where we thought he could go).  This is quite clear on The Grudge and Reflections where it is as if the drums mirror our own heartbeats and lead us into oblivion.  You will not be disappointed with this album, I promise you...
1564029654|5.0|Like the owl mom, all parents have to leave their little ones sometimes.  And like the owl babies, all kids are worried when mom or dad is gone.  This book presents both realities in a format that the youngest toddlers can understand.  This book is different because it presents the experience of separation the way it really happens -- the owl babies start out brave and rational, but become more and more anxious the longer mom is gone.  Just when things are at their scariest, mom returns.  Reading this story gave me the opportunity to talk to my child about separation and to remind her of the most important thing about all moms -- they always come back.
B00005B36H|5.0|Lateralus if nothing else, has proven that TOOL is too good to be true.  The only possible explanation is that perhaps they are gods sent here to save us from all the disposable stuff which is put out in the music industry.  They make you hear and experience music like no rock band ever has.  Get out your calculators, dim the lights, and let your mind be mystified by this wonder of art.
B00005B36H|5.0|This was well worth the wait. Listening to this gorgeous, masterfully crafted abum, I realized that Tool not only work as entertainment, but as intellectual stimulation. I also should note that this was the first cd in months that I've bought and listened to straight through without being bored once. Maynard James Keenan's vocals continue to be the best in the business; the music is spot on as well. This record throws what little song structure Tool ever had out the window. it is simply pure, unadulterated bliss from minute one to seventy-nine. No guest spots from bad MCs, no naked women on the cover, no pretention. Just music. And what music it is.
B00004YKUY|5.0|Let's get some facts straight about Journey, Steve Perry has been gone from the band for over three years now. Perry also was the reason why the band was not together from 1987 to 1995 or so. All of you who think that Journey is no good without Perry are not real Journey fans! Journey does not revolve around Perry or anybody else. <br />I have been listening to older Journey albums. Those of you who say that Arrival would be better with Perry singing the lead vocals are mistaken. Arrival would sound pretty much the same with either singers on lead vocals.<br />Lets put are support behind the band and buy this tremendous album. This album does not demonstrate how great Augeri truly is. You have to see Journey in concert to experience the true talent of Steve Augeri and the rest of the band.
B00005B36H|5.0|This album, the third album containing all original material by the great Tool, is sure to be one that changes a person's view of the music scene today. A follow up to the wordly succesful Aenima, this album doesn't let up on the energy and emotion. How Tool manages to outdo themselves from album to album is beyond me, but I can assure you this is their finest work to date. You'll notice in the track listing the two similar song titles Parabol and Parabola. These two songs were named so similar because they are both so closely related. This was a revolutionary idea by Tool, and I cannot help but think back to Led Zeppelin's career built from revolutionary ideas and workings. If you dont buy this album, youre sure to be left behind in today's music scene, so get this one now, or youre missing out on what may be the greatest album of the last decade.
B00004XOWM|4.0|As i read through the reviews on Limp Bizkit's Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water, I was disappointed to see all the negative reviews. I own this CD and I really enjoy the music. I might not be trying to pull some deep meaning out of the lyrics to &quot;Rollin&quot; or &quot;My way&quot; but I know that when I put on the starfish CD, I want to dance and sing along and I have fun listening to it. And isn't that the description of good music?
B00005B36H|4.0|This album feels a bit different than the old tool albums, but I think that was the band's idea, to expand their sound. The Grudge, and Reflection are my favorite songs so far. I rated the album four stars because I'm still adjusting to the new style, it sort of grows on you.<br />P.S. the secret track is hilarious!
B00005B36H|5.0|well, the boys in the toolshed have done it again, making a 5 year wait worth it. i love it already, and theres still time for it to grow on me even more. it is, in my opinion, what you get when you cross undertow with aenema. it is not as dark as the two, but more powerful and raw. it has no epic tracks like &quot;thrid eye&quot;, and most tracks clock at around 7 minutes. the only complaint i have about the album are the fillers. some are kinda cool, but some just take from the album. im glad there are less here than in aenema, but they are still an annoyance(even though im sure theyll grow on me, just like the ones in aenema did). but still, songs like &quot;the patient&quot; and &quot;parabola&quot; make this album an instant classic. buy it and enjoy.
B00005B36H|4.0|This album feels a bit different than the old tool albums, but I think that was the band's idea, to expand their sound. The Grudge, and Reflection are my favorite songs so far. I rated the album four stars because I'm still adjusting to the new style, it sort of grows on you.<br />P.S. the secret track is hilarious!
B00004SZWD|5.0|Sadly, I have not bought this album, but I have listened to it in it's entirety.  It blew my mind!  Every song on the 2 CD compilation is amazing.  Best tracks to listen to: &quot;Sir Duke&quot; , &quot;Have a Talk With God&quot; , and &quot;As&quot;.  Stevie Wonder is truly a gifted artist, and this is more than evident in Songs in the Key of Life.  A must buy--I'm hoping for it as a birthday gift!
B00003Q43A|5.0|This DVD has a lot of extras, so if you like extras you will love this DVD. The first DVD has the original movie or the special edition of the movie. The second DVD has Making of and all kinds of other stuff. The movie is a lot of fun if you take it for what it's worth - entertainment! So many people scrutinize this movie that they just can't seem to just sit down and enjoy it. The DVD has great sound and a perfect picture (especially if you have a THX receiver)! I had to turn down the volume quite a few times because I kept scaring the wife. I have to admit the ending with uploading the virus? I thought that was corny, but you have to end it somehow. Great popcorn movie!
B00005B36H|4.0|the labyrinth construction of the title track...the beautiful, short exotic pickings of the second...the feral, subdued stylings of the third...the weirdness of the fourth...the brillance in repitition of the 5th...the haunting echo of the sixth...the almost pop, vicious muse of the 7th...the pure, &quot;evil&quot; rantings of the 8th...the nighttime feel of the 9th...the blissful beauty of the 10th...the &quot;traveling through space&quot; jaunt of the 11th...the resolution of the 12th...&amp; the sheer terror of the 13th...enjoy :o)
0767803434|5.0|Harrison Ford plays the President of the United States and does a great job at it. I have watched this movie too many times to count. This is one of those movies that have you cheering for the President. It's about time someone made a movie where the President stands up for himself instead of someone always trying to save him. Gary Oldman does a fantastic job as the terrorist. He really makes you believe that his cause is the right cause. Some scenes did remind me of Die Hard, but if you liked Die Hard you will love this movie. My wife was watching the movie with me and kept digging her hand into my arm! She really gets into the movie more than I. Overall, the DVD sound and picture is excellent. This is definitely a buy not a rental!
B00004U9WQ|5.0|In the world that is Toy Story 2, one may find the same gang: Woody, Buzz, Mr. Potato Head, ect.  The movie advances when Disney throws a curve ball to get the attention of both the younger and older on-lookers.  &quot;Woody has been shelved!&quot;  This starts the humorous, warm, and exciting storyline and theme that is this movie.   To thicken the plot even more, Woody gets stolen by a toy collector.  At this point, it is up to the rest of the gang to save him.  Woody discovers the wonders and hardships of fame, while the others are still looking for him.  New characters are introduced and are brilliantly brought forth.  Stinky Pete (Kelsy Grammer) adds both a bad guy and humor to the movie. As the movie progresses, one learns who Buzz's dad really is and if Woody is dedicated to fame or his friends. Toy Story 2 is a must see for all ages.  The movie both plays with childerens imaginations and gives a few humorous antics that only the older watchers would enjoy. A fine example of adult humor is the idea that the Barbie's are protrayed as the typical bimbo. That subject is obviously for the older watcher, but a concept that a child could enjoy. Hint:  For those of you who can't get over the idea of the movie actully being over, Disney has something just for you.  They have incroporated &quot;take outs&quot; that roll durring the credits.
0452282152|3.0|Ignoring scholarly confusion about the identity of the sitter for this famous painting, Chevalier invents a housemaid whose intelligence and resourcefulness come into conflict with the meekness expected of those in her station. Perhaps it was the psychologically complex combination of uncertainty and surprise in the portrait that inspired her. The beautiful girl, dressed like neither a lady nor a maid, seems ill at ease and willful at the same time. The novel is a tale of domestic intrigue in 17th-century Delft with a minimum of details bringing the time and place to life. Delft never really rises physically before our eyes, unfortunately, and Vermeer's luminous paintings are described as shockingly mundane lists of the objects and people they depict, without a glimmer of the dialogue between silence and light that is what makes them extraordinary. The closest Chevalier comes is in her description of the figure in another painting: &quot;A window lit her from the left, falling across her face and tracing the delicate curve of her forehead and nose.&quot; (A window fell across her face?) Nothing in the writing hints at why these works of art are special, beyond the fact that everyone says they are. Chevalier isn't really interested in the paintings, or in Vermeer, who is little more than a cipher. Her subject is particular: the imagined story behind a painting. In unadorned language, suitable to her protagonist, she creates a cautious, observant, thoughtful young woman the reader comes to both know and like. Most of the other characters fail to emerge as vivid individuals, with the exception of a senior maid, Tanneke. There are murky references to a possible attraction between the master and the maid which should have been deleted -- Griet, the girl with a pearl earring, rightly concludes that Vermeer was always more interested in the painting than the sitter. Chevalier, the young novelist, should have learned from Griet's wisdom. The novel's flaws notwithstanding, it's an enjoyable read, and Griet's lot in life after she sits for the fateful painting has a satisfying authenticity.
B00004U9WQ|5.0|In the world that is Toy Story 2, one may find the same gang: Woody, Buzz, Mr. Potato Head, ect.  The movie advances when Disney throws a curve ball to get the attention of both the younger and older on-lookers.  &quot;Woody has been shelved!&quot;  This starts the humorous, warm, and exciting storyline and theme that is this movie.   To thicken the plot even more, Woody gets stolen by a toy collector.  At this point, it is up to the rest of the gang to save him.  Woody discovers the wonders and hardships of fame, while the others are still looking for him.  New characters are introduced and are brilliantly brought forth.  Stinky Pete (Kelsy Grammer) adds both a bad guy and humor to the movie. As the movie progresses, one learns who Buzz's dad really is and if Woody is dedicated to fame or his friends. Toy Story 2 is a must see for all ages.  The movie both plays with childerens imaginations and gives a few humorous antics that only the older watchers would enjoy. A fine example of adult humor is the idea that the Barbie's are protrayed as the typical bimbo. That subject is obviously for the older watcher, but a concept that a child could enjoy. Hint:  For those of you who can't get over the idea of the movie actully being over, Disney has something just for you.  They have incroporated &quot;take outs&quot; that roll durring the credits.
B00005B36H|5.0|The closest thing to Zeplin and Pink Floyd I feel we will ever see.  Lateralus is not an album, it is a drug.  It does not contain songs, it consists of pieces.  You are not buying a cd, you are buying a privlage...a privlage to hear one of the greatest bands of all time in perhaps their greatest work.  Let go and enjoy.
B00003CXP1|4.0|What is there to be censored? Drug use? We can see Heads decapitated in movies and people blown away in 30 different ways but you cant show what happens when your world unravels because of drugs? I dont get it. This movie should be required viewing in all High Schools. Excellent movie, yes depressing but very well done and I still think Ellen Burnstyn should have won the Oscar this year. There is no comparison between her and Roberts. Not even close
B000059Z8J|5.0|Who could not like the film?<br />Gene Hackman's sardonic portrayal, Christopher Reeve's &quot;goody good&quot; Superman role, and Margot Kidder's mind-in-the-clouds Lois Lane are all superb and flawless.<br />Granted, Brando was paid a ridiculous amount of money for reading a couple of lines (w/ top billing to boot).  $3.2 million?  Wow,...I wish I could make that money giving a conference at my work...and I talk more than that!<br />Beautifully-written dialog and a story that goes from origins to potential disaster in a single sweep of a movie is breathtaking and ambitious.  Not many movies (this one is 143 minutes, roughly &quot;uncut&quot;) can catch your attention for that long and leave you yawning.<br />Too bad old Lex couldn't have spent more of his time bald...still, the 70s touch was nice.
B00003CXRM|5.0|I SAW THIS IN A MOTEL ROOM ON A RAINY DAY AND HAVEN'T LAUGHED SO HARD IN A LONG TIME.  THE ACTING WAS GREAT AND I HAVE TOLD EVERY ONE I SEE THAT THEY NEED TO SEE THIS MOVIE.  ALL OF THE ACTORS FIT THE PART PERFECT.  THANKS
B000059XUI|4.0|I completely love Superman II, I do.<br />But as I have gotten older, I still must contend with some of the pitfalls in the story.<br />Superman unaware of imminent nuclear catastrophe in Paris?  Good thing he works at the Daily Planet or everything would have went kablooey! and he would have read it in the paper the next morning!<br />Not to mention flying around in space...I'm still having trouble with that, but I'll allow artistic license there.<br />The human element of the story, however, is touching and having Superman give up his powers for the power that love held on him was quite endearing.  Bad timing, though, as you soon find out.  The loophole of the green crystal is a wonderful &quot;deus ex machina!&quot;<br />Ignore some minor story flaws and you have a first rate adventure.  Sure the sets aren't that great and yes, the kid sounds British, but just enjoy the ride.  Superman is back...too bad that II wasn't the final time!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|With the return of Bruce Dickinson and Adrian Smith, Iron Maiden has reached the top of the heavy metal again. &quot;Brave New World&quot; is one of their most interesting albums, better than the last two (X-Factor and Virtual XI) and at the same level as their masterpieces like &quot;Seventh Son...&quot; or &quot;Somewhere In Time&quot; by the way songs sound very melodic, with some keyboards and epic guitars. I love the looooong songs from Maiden like &quot;Blood Brothers&quot; or &quot;The Nomad&quot; which make us think to &quot;Hallowed Be Thy Name&quot; and other stuff like that. More than Metallica, Korn or Dream Theater, Maiden is the band which makes feel real emotions across his songs. Enjoy a great powerful and melodic album, buy &quot;Brave New World&quot; !
B00005B36H|5.0|WOW!!! I just got the album and am still in awe. From start to finish Lateralus will draw you in. This isn't just for Tool fans, this is for anyone who wants to own one of the best albums of our time. Some of my favorite tracks are 01, 02, 03, 05, 07, 09. This album flows well with great songs all the way through. If you still don't have the album by now, BUY IT!!! MAKE THE PIECES FIT.
0767821769|4.0|I actually got this DVD, plus four others, for free! It was part of a special deal that I got with the purchase of my Toshiba DVD player.  It sat around my house for a few months before I finally opened it and played it.  I had been a little reluctant to see it because, even though it stars one of my favorite actresses--Susan Sarandon, it looked like a stereotypical oversentimentalized \\"chick flick.\\" I was pleasantly surprised.<br />There is not one false note in this movie.  The screenplay, courtesy of a whopping FIVE writers (which usually spells disaster for most movies), sticks very close to reality.  We get a sense that these characters are three-dimensional and REAL, and not merely functions of the plot.  The tension between the estranged wife (played by Sarandon) and the title character (played by Julia Roberts) is palpable and believable, with no one being made the saint nor the villian.  These characters have virtues and faults just like anybody else. They also have clear reasons and MOTIVATIONS for the way they feel, and for the things they do.  Ed Harris, as the man standing between the woman he loves and the woman he once loved (and still cares very much for), also rings true in his performance and makes us feel the inner tensions felt by his character.  I even liked the two young actors playing the kids, and the way their parts were written: these are real kids with real feelings and emotions, and are not just there to look and act cute.  They are caught in an uncomfortable situation not of their making, and we really feel for them.<br />Although the last half-hour does reflect certain conventions of Hollywood dramas (\\"Terms of Endearment\\" comes to mind, a little bit anyway), STEPMOM never falls into cliche` territory.  It deals with the situation bravely, and doesn't lose its step.  By the end of the film, I felt like I knew these characters and cared about them, because they contained aspects of real people I have known.<br />Basically, if you like towatch a good family-centered drama every once in a while, then I definitely recommend this movie.  It is definitely better than most others of its type.
B00005B36H|5.0|Okay.....I have been a Tool fan since their Opiate album......and all I have to say is that these guys are SMART!!!!!! If you go to school or read a lot and you listen to Maynard's lyrics...you hear stuff that wouldn't pop out to the average listener.......Standout tracks on Lateralus are definitely the title track......The Patient.....Parabola.....and The Grudge.......but all the songs are really good......these guys are RIDICULOUSLY good......well worth the wait.......buy it now...no doubt.
0790734060|5.0|This film is a masterpiece both of the cinema and of music. Mozart is the archetype of the composer and musician who transforms, every so often, the field of music by going beyond all canons and rules, or even regulations. He is the archetype of any creative person, in any field, who needs freedom to invent new vistas and perspectives, who needs tolerance and goodwill to be able to present to society what he is creating, to bring to the market and the public what he is inventing. Mozart is like a God of our western civilization.<br /><br />The film shows how, in his case, Mozart cannot dissociate his general provocative attitude from his creativity, how his best tunes, his best pieces of music come from the people he meets, the people he loves, the people who are hostile and try to crush him into death, and will eventually succeed by forcing him into composing his own Requiem.<br /><br />The first one in this line is his father who made him a genius and then treated him like a dog who has to obey all his finger-wagging and all his eye-frowning. The second is the Emepror who is both narrow-minded due to his vanity, and tolerant but not as much as necessary, just enough to sleep well at night. He tolerates an innovation and then kills it with a yawn that foretells about the peaceful night he is going to have. The third one is the official composer of the court who will do all he can to destroy this young man who is pushing him into oblivion and non-existence. He is jealous, angry, criminal, and he will dictate Mozart's death while being dictated the Requiem directly by Mozart from his deathbed. The fourth one is his mother in law who manipulates her daughter into going away with Mozart's son at the very moment when he needed both his wife and his son most.<br /><br />Then we could speak of the public who is manipulated into liking what is supposed to be liked and is decreed to be liked by the Emepror. This public is a caricature of taste and artistic feeling. Luckily there is another public, the popular public, who is responsive to innovation, to beauty, to entertainment, to anything that is new and changes their way of looking at things.<br /><br />But this film is also a phenomenal Requiem to Mozart who will be buried in a hemp-sack, in a common grave for the poor. The greatest genius in music, the greatest composer who has changed so many things in the tradition he was inheriting and has at the same time created modern music, is discarded by good society, is crushed by the status of pure slave that composers have to accept and free composers can't, is destroyed into death by a society that is not ready to accept that they will eventually die and that they must accept new forms of expression and expressivity for the sake of the next and coming generations. But have things fundamentally changed ? Some would say yes, some would say no. But who cares, apart from artists ?<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAUopular public, who is responsive to innovation, to beauty, to entertainment, to anything that is new and changes their way of looking at things.  But this film is also a phenomenal Requiem to Mozart who will be buried in a hemp-sack, in a common grave for the poor. The greatest genius in music, the greatest composer who has changed so many things in the tradition he was inheriting and has at the same time created modern music, is discarded by good society, is crushed by the status of pure slave that composers have to accept and free composers can't, is destroyed into death by a society that is not ready to accept that they will eventually die and that they must accept new forms of expression and expressivity for the sake of the next and coming generations. But have things fundamentally changed ? Some would say yes, some would say no. But who cares, apart from artists ?  Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
B000003TAW|5.0|Awesome. Pure Greatness bottled into a single compact disc. This one is not to be missed by anyone.
6305090564|4.0|I have to say that this is a quite entertaining piece of filmmaking.  When people go in to this film expecting to see a horror/sci-fi film in the caliber of Alien, then of course they will be dissapointed.  After seeing many of these types of films, I can say that this is a cut above the rest.  I must also digress and disagree with my fellow reviewers by saying that this is a B-grade film, but that's okay.  After all, Re-Animator was a B movie and it was one of the most brilliant horror films ever made.  The things that propel this film above the rest of the junk out there are great things like character development, as well as characters you actually LIKE, a sometimes very involving story, and very skillful directing.  Stephen Sommers no doubt was able to use this film as a stepping point to The Mummy and The Mummy Returns.  While Deep Rising borrows from many films, this can not be looked down upon of as so many films borrow from others that it is common.  It just depends on how you borrow, and Sommers does it in homage instead of in a cheap way which worsens films nowadays.  This is a good film that is the perfect thing to watch if you want to see great action, likable characters, an interesting story, and some pretty good CGI effects.  It is much better than most of what you can find out there, so give it a chance... you'll be delighted and surprised.
6305311463|5.0|... Let me just say that I was completely blown away.  Yes, this movie is unbelievable.  Yes, this movie does not have the best dialogue or acting.  Yes, this movie is good, if not great!  <br />After seeing Armageddon on satellite, I am hooked for life.  I liked the movie so much, I went out and bought the Criterion Collection version.  It is worth every penny, especially for the extra footage of Billy Bob Thornton.  It is hilarious.  <br />Don't get me wrong, Armageddon is not \\"2001:A Space Odyssey\\", but it is a lot more entertaining.  When you watch, you are completely [eveloped] into the story and the characters.  You know how it will end but you watch it over and over again anyways.  Armageddon is pure fun and entertainment.  It is the granddaddy of major studio, big budget, summer blockbusters.  Not many films can boast that claim.  <br />Don't watch this film if you are looking for a critically acclaimed masterpiece.  However, if you are looking for an exciting, adreniline pumping, fantasy, roller coaster ride, well then go out and buy Armageddon.  And make sure you splurge for the Criterion Edition, you don't want to miss out on the extras.<br />Remember, it is a MOVIE---so have FUN!
B00004TRD8|5.0|This is a great example how a DVD should be! The extra's on this one are amazing, everything you want to know about this movie is on this disc! And it's nice to see they put the Theatrical version and the special edition on the disc. With great DTS sound and a great picture quality this one is a must for your home-cinema equipment. And finally...Artisan has put english subtitels on it,it's the first time i see this on an Artisan release.<br />So...why wait? If you are a Schwarzenegger fan this one is really a &quot; must have&quot;!!!!
6305265666|5.0|If you visit my ABOUT ME area, you'll see that this is the first review I've written on a movie/DVD.  I told myself I'll only write book reviews but then this movie truly left an impression on me that I couldn't help but share it to amazon readers.  <br />I love historical romance books and this movie seems to fit right into that catogory only it's in film.  Inasmuch as I am embarrass to admit, I've watch this film more than 10 times, I've already memorized lines and occurances yet each time I watch it, I still could feel goosebumps.  The cinderella remake added with more unexpected twist and adventure truly made this film one of a kind.  The courtside, gypsy scene, the mask ball and of course, the ending is my favorite of all.  It's heart warming the way Danielle cares for her servant &amp; the way they love her in return.  Even the wicked stepmom and sisters contributed tremendously in this film.  What can a say, I have no complaints even after watching it more than 10 times.  I only have pure admiration to everyone involved in this film.  I wish there's more movie like this in the future.  <br />I also have the VHS version of this film but I enjoyed the DVD version better.  DVD price is quite expensive,... No regrets however cuz the wide screen/picture quality/sound quality is much better plus the additional features DVD contains make this film an even more enjoyable treat at all times.
B00005B36H|5.0|Wow, just when you thought you had heard it all with nima, Tool comes around with Lateralus.  This album comes back with a much more aggressive feel to it.  While it shifts and turns into many different forms of music thru out the album.  Using voice changes and repetition, Maynard sounds better then ever.  Justin on bass carries a lot of the songs.  Amazing playing, it must have been hell to do it.  Danny, and Adam deliver great tunes, but seems that they are only background now.  Great lyrics in the band and very clean production makes this sound new, but still familiar.  This will not big a big jump in musical form from album to album like nima was different then Undertow.  Still, this is great, and mixes all they learned before into something amazing.  By far, Tools best album ever.  May I suggest listening to The Patient first?  It is a very good song, but go in whatever direction you want.  The album is still amazing.
B00005B36H|5.0|Dear Reader, never have I been more pleased with an album ever in my life. The second i put this CD in my stereo i felt like I haven't felt since Iv'e discovered music. This album is where the beginning and the end cross paths. TOOL has released there finest work yet and finest work of this new century. If you have never listended to TOOL before this is the album for you, if your a long time fan of TOOL and like me have been waiting years for this CD for years, spend your money on this masterpiece. If you have two ears and can decipher sounds buy this now!<br />             Say good bye to your Rap Rock and your Pop Rock. Music has been reborn! God Bless you TOOL!
B00005BL2A|5.0|Just as with &quot;Violator&quot;, &quot;Exciter&quot; treats the listener to a feast of light, melodic, soulful sounds along with impressively written lyrics. There is no clear highlight of the album because all of the songs are exceptional. Many of the songs provide that light, trance-like feel to them and others give a sultry, semi-erotic touch. DM has created another gem. This picks up right where &quot;Violator&quot; left off. Give your senses a treat and pick this one up!
B00005BL2A|2.0|I am an avid fan of DM, to the point that I THOUGHT they could do no wrong.  Ultra wasn't even close to being the genius of Songs of Faith and Devotion.  But it was at least listenable.  When I bought the new U2 album I listened to every song without skipping, front to back.  Last night, sadly enough, I found myself skipping after every 30 second intro, until the album was over.  I even prayed there was a hidden track that I could bump along to.  But there wasn't.  This album is a complete bore.  If you haven't bought it, but you're reading this review, chances are you are enough of a DM fan to buy the album regardless the reviews.  But if you don't have U2's latest, save your money on Exciter (BORER) to get All That You Can't Leave Behind.  IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR A B-SIDE DEPECHE MODE (i.e. HAPPIEST GIRL AND DANGEROUS) DON'T GET THIS ALBUM.  It's one slow song after another.  I like to have a little fluff on my &quot;meaningful&quot; albums.  But this album doesn't even put out a good single, besides &quot;Dream On.&quot;  And the only other &quot;fast&quot; track is &quot;I Feel Loved.&quot;  But even it sounds like a wussed-out NIN on Pretty Hate Machine.  I hope they don't wait another 4 years to put out an album.  Exciter simply WILL NOT SUSTAIN me for that long.  Maybe they'll get Trent Reznor to remix and re-release.  If you want a clue as to what I'm saying, just read the track listing.  It sounds like DM just assembled a few words from past albums and jumbled them together to come up with these &quot;new&quot; titles.  How many songs can have the word &quot;love&quot; in the title, with the album being taken seriously?
079073639X|1.0|I like science fiction.  Good science fiction.  That means, amongst other things, that the initial premise, however hard to believe, is pursued to its logical endpoint.  This film, however,  starts with an interesting scenario, runs the gamut of B-movie horror cliches to a totally predictable revelation, and winds things up with one of the worst excuses for a contrived cop-out ending that I have ever seen.  Most inexcusable of all, none of the interesting questions raised at the beginning of the film is explored at all.  A major-league stinker, justifying plastic surgery and federal witness protection for all involved.
B000002JR8|3.0|Whether or not you like this album all depends on your taste in music. If you like really heavy music, you can't go wrong with Pantera, and this album is probably a good place to start. They've refined their sound from their first two albums and the result is really quite good. This album just never lets up. It's an all out assault on the listener, and that can be good or bad. I really like this album, but its not for everyone. But if you like your music heavy, this is a great album to pick up.
B00003CXDD|5.0|I have seen this movie when i was a kid and i still love this movie. I am shopping around if i can get my hands on one. I need to show this movie to my wife. I think this movie is a must see for everybody at some point of thier life. Guys, you should trust this, the reason : This is my first review i have ever written on the internet. I have been using the internet for more than 7 yrs now, and  heavy browsing. Have fun.
B00005B36H|5.0|The first time you listen to this album, you won't be quite sure what's going on. It's the kind of album that only has its full effect on you if you listen to all 78 minutes of it. There's no single song on that defines this album. It's not the kind of album with one track that you'll play over and over again. Most of the tracks run for over eight minutes, but you won't even notice. The tracks don't get repititous or boring. They use every second, with the exception of the mintue and a half of blank space towards the end(I'm still not qutie sure why that's there). No single track can top Aenima's &quot;Eulogy&quot;, but who cares? As a whole, the CD is considerably better then the band's previous effort. You may not be wild about it upon the firt listen, but give the album a chance. I listened to it all the way through about three times on the first day I had it. The first time, it's hard to grasp everything the album has to offer, but once you're a little more familiar with the material, you'll love every mintue of it.
B000056PWV|5.0|Rear Window is excellent. I love this movie. You may find yourself watching Rear Window more than once.
B00005BL2A|5.0|This CD is great.<br />Dream On and I Feel Loved set an amazing tempo for a record that is as genuine and authentic as Violator.  Anyone who is not  moved by WTBS and FreeLove needs to have their pulse checked.  And Shine is a classic.<br />
B00005BL2A|5.0|I have always been a fan of Depeche Mode, and even though the critics didn't like it i loved Ultra, but this album surpasses all of their previous offerings.  Depeche Mode have managed to move with the times but not lose that edge that seperated them from the rest of the music world.  Exciter contains standout tracks like Dream On (top 10 in the UK), The Dead Of Night, Comatose, Easy Tiger, and Free Love.  This album is a must have for any Depeche Mode fan, as it proves that they can still cut it now after a VERY long time in the business
B00004ZEPN|5.0|Finally yestarday i saw the film,... but the fact is I enjoyed a great production as some many people has said, i purchased this film from Amazon and it has an amazing sound quality and picture. Russell Crowe interpretation of General 'Maximus' is magnificent, he puts so much reality on it that you think you suffer the same for the lost of his family. Other thing I like from the movie, is the end, this is not the typical &quot;Hollywood's end', where the hero kill all the bad guys and go home happy with his family, this is a real end..., and even if it seems contradictory
B000007MVX|5.0|There are few groups who attempt to make art from the humble beginnings of rock music - Jethro Tull are one such group.  &quot;A Passion Play&quot; is not the sort of album you'll want to put on as background music at your next dinner party, but albums for that kind of occasion are a dime-a-dozen.  This is music that demands the fullness of one's attention, appealing to the intellect while also presenting moments of immediacy that just whisk the listener along.<br />&quot;A Passion Play&quot; is one forty-five minute song (though CD reissues have added names to each segment, you can still put it on and let it play as one, continuous piece).  It is a song of many parts, many movements and emotions, telling the allegorical story of an individual's life after death,  with a reflection on life being its primary lyrical concern (&quot;I'd give up my halo for a horn, and the horn for the hat I once had&quot;).  Musically, it sees Tull leader Ian Anderson expanding his virtuosity beyond flute and acoustic guitar to a variety of exotic saxophones, and his oh-so-British vocals have a range and suppleness rarely matched on other albums.  Keyboardist John Evans' early 1970s synthesizers are also particularly worthy of praise.  <br />There are melodic acoustic passages that are just gorgeous, and driving riff-rock, and a multi-tracked flute solo that is spellbinding.  So many moods and feelings forming a cohesive whole, which is quite appropriate considering its subject matter!  But, just to prevent the whole thing from being viewed as too &quot;pretentious,&quot; the surreal &quot;Story of the Hare Who Lost His Spectacles&quot; is presented as a sort of &quot;Intermission&quot; to &quot;A Passion Play,&quot; and it is quite difficult to describe!<br />Some consider &quot;Aqualung&quot; to be Tull's definitive work.   &quot;A Passion Play&quot; comes much closer to the mark.   So, turn out the lights, turn on the stereo and dig in!
0440214041|4.0|Once again Grisham follows a familiar recipe for suspense: Innocent good guys + mean bad guys + happy ending. The half star comes from the fact that there is a little mystery involved, however, once again Grisham ends his novel in a hokey, hero flies away with new life, happy ending.<br />If you are a fan of Grisham, read this book. If not, skip it or rent the movie.
B00000GAIW|3.0|Jethro Tull's fourth album, made in 1971, has long been held up as the band's definitive work.  While many of the songs are wonderful, complex, and layered with the electric/acoustic tensions that mark Jethro Tull's best work, there are far too many moments that fall flat, mostly due to odd or even seemingly poor production.  There are much more consistent Tull albums.<br />There is a crispness and vitality missing here that is present to this day when Jethro Tull play these songs live, which reinforces the feeling that the production itself is at fault.  Ian Anderson's flute is stunning and well to the fore, but his vocals (particularly on the &quot;heavy' rock numbers where his snarling delivery is meant to accentuate the weighty themes of his lyrics) are flat and abrasive.  His softer delivery on the acoustic tracks works much better in the context of the album as a whole.<br />This album is worth owning, though, for &quot;My God,&quot; one of Ian Anderson's finest compositions.  It encapsulates everything that makes Tull special  - being part acoustic number, part challenging progressive rock piece,  and featuring a tour-de-force flute solo from Mr. Anderson.  <br />This is one good album in the midst of the Jethro Tull's vast, wonderful output, but hardly their definitive statement.  For that, check out &quot;A Passion Play&quot; or &quot;Roots To Branches...&quot;
0440211727|4.0|In my mind, this is the best Grisham book. You may well have seen the movie, but you should read the book.<br />I found myself trying to determine how I would react in the same situation. It also raises a moral quandary: Can murder be justified when carried out by grieving loved ones?<br />If you started reading Grisham after The Firm became popular, and have never read this early book, you really should.
B000053V7Q|4.0|this is great dvd of the way the king was. would recomend it to any elvis fan.but one disapointing thing about it is the bonus selection track's are not on it [why not]
0440213525|3.0|This book marks the cookie cutter style that Grisham has fallen into. Innocent and good heroes, real mean bad guys, and a happy ending.<br />Mark Sway knows a secret. He heard it from a dead man. The bad guys want him to take the secret to his grave, maybe with their help. The plot hurries along, the tension growing and then: Boom. Grisham ties it all together and sends the hero away to a new life in just a few pages. It is almost like he had a pre-set page limit and did not want to run over, so he just ends the book.<br />If the ending would have been done a little better, this could have been more than just typical Grisham.
068817776X|5.0|Possibly one of the best books I've ever read.  It's interesting and educational at the same time.  It was powerfully moving and sad and uplifting.  I think I appreciated it even more because it was a true story. Edith Hahn allows you to feel empathy with someone in a set of life circumstances most of us could never understand--but she brings us closer to what it must have been like. A must-read.
B00005BL2A|4.0|I immediately bought this album when it first came out, expecting it to be the best. Really. On a scale of 1-10, it rates a 7. The synthesizers they used and the varying sounds seemed rythmically off. Their songs were slower and more blues or slow jazz sounding. The power of the lyrics paled in comparison to &quot;Only When I Lose Myself&quot; and their albums Ultra, Songs of Faith and Devotion, Violator, Black Celebration, and Music for the Masses. Depeche Mode's Exciter sounded A LOT like a very mellow U2. Overall, Exciter is their weakest album to date. Yet, I am still going to see Depeche Mode in Selma Texas and hope to hear some of the classics like &quot;Personal Jesus&quot; and &quot;I Feel You.&quot; Despite the weakness of Exciter, they still rule as the best synth-band in the world.
B00005B36H|5.0|I will be chasing this album for my entire musical career. Nuf said.
B00005B36H|5.0|At last. After 5 years of waiting patiently, the new album was released today and all I can say is that is does NOT dissapoint. It's just TOO good to comprehend on first listen! I'm not going to go through a track by track commentary here! It's TOOL! What are you waiting for? GO BUY THIS ALBUM NOW!!
B00005BL2A|1.0|Having been a Depeche Mode fan for over 15 years, I was genuinely looking forward to DM releasing a great album after having been rather disappointed with their past two dirges &quot;Ultra&quot; and &quot;Songs of Faith and Devotion.&quot;  It's hard to imagine how a group of truly creative souls managed to become so out of touch with their fans, their energy, and even their own music.  It's even harder to understand why DM titled this mess &quot;Exciter.&quot;  While &quot;Ultra&quot; and &quot;Songs of Faith and Devotion&quot; were rather solemn, the music was at least interesting and energetic, albeit far removed from the vibe of &quot;Violator&quot; or &quot;Music For The Masses.&quot;  &quot;Exciter,&quot; however, is anything but exciting.  This is a collection of absolutely lifeless music.  Most of the lyrics seem banal, childish and hopelessly predictable.  The arrangements and production are embarrassing at best.  This album will put you to sleep - not because it is pleasant to listen to - but because it will bore you to death.  I never thought I'd see the day when I wished I could get my money back on a new DM release.  Hopefully when/if DM actually tour this summer, they won't be performing any of the drivel from &quot;Exciter.&quot;  Sad to say it, but DM seems totally lost.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool has re-established themselves as the most innovative rock band of the 90's and now the 21st century. They have proven they can appeal to anybody if given the chance. The Hardcore metalheads with &quot;Ticks &amp; Leeches&quot;, the people into melody with &quot;Parabol&quot; and &quot;Reflection&quot;, the hard rock fans with &quot;Parabola&quot; and &quot;Schism&quot; and &quot;Lateralus&quot;, the fans of ambient sounds with &quot;Mantra&quot; and  &quot;Disposition&quot;, and last but not least the real Tool fans with... everything.   Another thing is the c.d. packaging, you have to see it, it is something else. Don't believe the internet pictures they don't show the half of it. Exellent job Adam Jones, Alex Grey and Mackie Osborne on the art and design.   Danny Carey, Justin Chancellor, Maynard James Keenan, and Adam Jones have begun a new era of rock.
B00005B36H|5.0|I think that quite a few people have been waiting for this one.  They won't be let down.  When I first popped the album, I basically told my boss I wouldn't be doing anything for at least an hour.  That said, this album is a time investment, if your looking for a whole lot of songs that instantly hook you right off the bat or make you pump your fist, your looking in the wrong place.  Running counter-intuitive it's one of the best albums in the last two years, ranking right up with The Fragile.  Every melody, every lyric and drum beat fit on this album.  I sat listening to it and the music seemed to be one continous song.  Highlights?  The absolutley huge finale.  It builds and builds, then finally releases.  The opening is really strong too... The lyrics seem to have improved greatly after some time working with A Perfect Circle.  They don't really seem as forced as they once did... They flow with the music and don't override.  Every part of the band weaves in out, taking lead.  It's not Dark Side of the Moon, and that's because it wasn't intended to be.  It's created a new metric for music to be measured against...  Ever catch yourself humming along to *insert band of the week here*?  This album makes you stop doing that and horrifies you that you ever did.
B00005BL2A|5.0|Once again, depeche mode made a stunning album. Either you like them or you dont, but if you normally do, you will again. Can't wait for the tour.
B00005B36H|5.0|After a nearly 5-year hiatus, Tool is back and better than ever. This cd is well worth the wait if you're a fan of Tool. If you didn't hear Maynard James Keenan until A Perfect Circle, there is something for you here as well. Here is my take on the tracks: 1 - The Grudge - A great start for the cd. The first thing I noticed about this track was the amazing drumming of Danny Carey. He's awesome throughout the album but he really stands out in this one.  2 - Eon Blue Apocalypse - A short track, maybe it was thrown in as a breather after the killer first track. Sometimes I think they throw these in just to make the cd as long as possible. Anyway if you're listening to the cd all the way through (as you should) it fits just fine. Not something you would play by itself often though. 3 - The Patient - Another great track. Once again I was drawn to the drums, but the whole band really shines on this one as well. 4 - Mantra - Another short track. It consists of what sounds like some kind of Islamic chanting.  5 - Schism - The first single off Lateralus, and yet another outstanding track. You've probably heard this one on the radio or maybe seen the video. 6 - Parabol - This track is on the short side, around 3 minutes long. Its basically an intro to the next track and they should be listened to together.  7 - Parabola - After the slowed down Parabol, this track kicks in. This is the first of my 3 favorite songs on the cd, which all come in a row. Things are speeded up a bit here, and Maynard gets a little wilder. 8 - Ticks &amp; Leeches - This track has been my favorite on the first few listens, altough with most Tool cd's after awhile I'll start to have a new favorite. This is probably the &quot;heaviest&quot; song on the album, which is why I liked it so much right away. Maynard screams a bit, and the band shows they can rock out.  9 - Lateralis - The last of the 3 favorites I mentioned. Once again the whole band shines on this track. I'd say at the moment this comes in as my 2nd favorite track overall. But that's kind of like naming favorite children.  10 - Disposition - After the intense last 3 tracks, the band slows it down on this track. Its certainly not a bad track, but I could see myself skipping over it on future listens. 11 - Reflection - This is the longest track on the cd at 11 plus minutes. I could see this being a track you might either love or hate. I'm not sure how I feel about it just yet. Its different than anything I've ever heard from Tool, but that's what Tool is all about. Right now tracks 7, 8 and 9 are just blowing me away, but this track has already grown on me.  12 - Triad - Great music on this track, but there is no singing at all. It sounds good after the last track, but part of me wishes there were SOME singing on it. However I still think its good. 13 - Faaip De Oiad - Classic Tool, this closer to the album isn't really a song but just some odd ranting about aliens or something. Its hard to make out because it sounds like its coming in on an AM radio station that's just out of range. There is a bit of music you can hear, but its hard to hear ANYTHING on this track. I wonder what the band thinks when they throw something like this on the cd. Maybe its just a joke on fans who will try to overanalyze it. Anyway, I've listened to it a couple of times, but I pretty much always skip over it now.<br />Well thats it. If you're wanting to hear something new on the radio and you're tired of the same old things, then this is highlly recommended. I know all the Tool fans will buy this no matter what, but I think every fan of good music should give it  shot. Its so different than anything out there right now. Tool is really in a class by itself.
B00005B36H|5.0|This is TOOL at their finest!  I have all 5 discs, and this one is by far their best yet.  Maynard just keeps me on my toes wondering where I will be led to next, never knowing what is just around the corner.  Then once I actually see it, it slaps me in the face so hard, I go back and beg for more.  If you're a TOOL fan, then you're already in the know.  If you're not a TOOL fan, buy it, then go back and get the other 4.  I guarantee that you will like where Maynard takes you, even if you never thought you would enjoy pleasure mixed in with a touch of pain.
B00005B36H|4.0|Quite simply put this album is GOOD but not as good as Aenima or even Undertow. Could this spell the end of TOOL?<br />The main difference is the length of most of the songs 6-9 minutes, some rubish litle bits in-between and their heaviness. I'm a big tool fan, Lateralis has the makings of a better album then Aenima but the songs should have been editted better. Even Judith,etc from Maynards side project of A Perfect Circle was a better song than most on Lateralis - could it be the length diffence of the songs?. Highlights for me on the album however were : THE GRUDGE - typical tool style , songs like PARABOLA and TICK &amp; LEECHES are brilliant with Parabola having a cool riff in the verse part and Ticks and Leeches being heavy as S***. Solos and fill ins in the songs have some good 46&amp;2 type riffs and SOBER type SOLOS. SCHISM is not bad for the last 20 seconds and in the middle - what happened to the rest of the song. <br />Anyway, if you're a tool fan like me you'll still get it because it still is a good album. After about  3 listens , I bet you'll only find 3 or 4 songs on the album you'll really like and want to listen to over again. Shame on Tool for trying to make a concept album with too much fluff on the outside(packaging) and not enough Toolish music on the inside for me.
B000059R8Y|5.0|I've been a long time Clapton fan and Reptile is definitely his best album to date, with all the ingredients of becoming an all-time classic.  I used to think that Journeyman was his best but this has over taken it big time. Everyone knows how good Clapton is on guitar, but when you listen to this album, pay attention to his singing, especially on tracks like Come Back Baby and Broken Down, my favourite track. He should be equally praised for his vocal talents, which is getting better and better as time goes by. Got You On My Mind, Find Myself, I Ain't Gonna Stand For It, Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight and Superman Inside are all great. Basically, I love every single track on this CD and it's one of my personal all-time favourite albums. <br />A must buy for every Clapton fan and equally a must buy for everyone who has never bought a Clapton CD before. You will see for yourself why this artist has stood the test of time, and still going stronger than ever.
0688170528|5.0|This is the first novel I have read by Jodi Picoult and now all of her other books are on my list of &quot;books I must read very soon.&quot;  I felt that the prose was beautifully written and the character development was superb.  I found the dynamics between the two families to be so interesting and the book forces you to think about how you would react to such tragedy.  You could feel Chris's pain as the story develops and although I don't agree with what he did, I understand it.  I could not put this book down and I was immersed in the story from the very first page.  I would highly recommend this book!
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool have always been groundbreaking in their fusion of progressive, metal, and abstract to create a sonic experience that while heavy and sometimes disturbing is always a musical experience not to be forgotten. The combination is incredible between Adam Jones' blistering guitar textures coupled with Justin Chancellor's massive bass riffs (which have taken a remarkable turn towards a full heavier sound than on Aenima...looks like he finally caught up to the standards set by his predecessor, Paul D'Amour). Danny Carey's drums are as brutual as ever on &quot;Lateralus,&quot; but takes a strange tribal direction on certain songs, giving the album the feeling of isolated wilderness from which the listener might not return. But that has always been part of Tool's allure, and it is part of what makes them unique. And finally...Maynard James Keenan, the legend in his own time...his voice blisters and burns with passion, moreso than on any other Tool album, or his work with A Perfect Circle. Tool as a band have a beautiful chemistry that puts other bands to shame, both in the interplay between the members...and of course in the music. Songs on this album that help to put &quot;Lateralus&quot; ahead of &quot;Undertow,&quot; &quot;Aenima,&quot; or &quot;Opiate.&quot; Don't get me wrong, I'd still listen to the earlier albums, but &quot;Lateralus&quot; has to be their tightest and most brilliant album. Songs like &quot;The Grudge,&quot; &quot;Parabola,&quot; the single &quot;Schizm,&quot; &quot;Mantra,&quot; and the title track make this album well worth the five-year wait. Tool are back! Beware!
B00004SU5J|4.0|St. Germain do for jazz what Portishead did for the torch song - take a now-marginal, nostalgia-muffled form and update it with glacial modern production, while retaining the potent pleasures of the old form.  the first five tracks of 'Tourist' are sheer bliss: the straight, allusive bop rush of 'Rose Rouge'; the Wes Montgomery-strum to a languid trip hop backing of 'Montego Bay Spleen'.  'So Flute' is actually so piano, that instrument extemporising thrillingly; as are the next two - the supposedly trumpet-driven 'Land of...' is usurped by a gorgeous melodic epiphany, while the xylophone reverie of 'Latin Note' bows to the staccato.<br />No album could sustain that level of dreamy excitement, and there is a drop.  It's not that the music's bad: 'Sure Thing' is a dirty great blues beast, while 'La Goutte D'Or' is that rare thing, disco-jazz; but the slackening of discipline leads to occasional attention-wandering.
B00003BDXG|5.0|I'll be honest, I wasn't really expecting much from this movie. I haven't really enjoyed any of Oliver Stone's films, and the only reason I wanted to see NBK was because it's based on a story by Quentin Tarantino, one of my favourite filmmakers. Well, all I have to say is, Oliver Stone is king! This movie is simply incredible, and it is definitely one of my all time favourites. Woody Harrellson and Juliette Lewis give great performances as Mickey and Mallory, two serial killers who go on a reign of terror in Texas. But the best performances in the film are by Tom Sizemore, Tommy Lee Jones, and Robert Downey Jr. Sizemore plays an insane detective who's goal in life is to catch Mickey and Mallory. Jones plays warden Dwight McClusky, who is in charge at the prison where M &amp; M are kept when they are caught. His performance is probably the best in the film, but Downey Jr. also gives a great performance as Wayne Gale, a reporter who is obsessed with the murderous pair. There are some scenes in the film that are just disturbing: the prison riot, and Sizemore's killing of a prostitute come to mind. So this movie is not for the faint of heart. But for everyone else, it is a must-see satire of the American justice system and how the media glorifies violence.  Overall, a haunting, yet IMMENSELY satisfying movie.
B00005B36H|5.0|A friend asked me if Tool's new album was good or not the other day.  I told him that you can't really rate Tool as good or bad, that rather the band's music is like fine art.  You have to absorb it, think about it, make your own conclusions and ultimately decide for yourself.  Lateralus is just that.   A surreal, mind-boggling musical tapestry woven together by, IMHO, the best rock musicians alive today.  MJK uses rougher, deeper vocals in this album than he has in the past and the effect is fresh and exciting.  Also he breaks into some Chino Moreno style screaming at one point, a new direction for Tool.   The instrumental accompaniment is superb.  Adam Jones simply never ceases to amaze with his skill on guitar.  This album seems to flow: every few tracks, a slow, calm, evocative piece makes an appearance, followed usually by a more energetic, heavier piece.  The effect is amazing.   When you buy this album, go to a quiet place with your CD player.  Lay down comfortably, close your eyes and hit play.  Don't move until the end of track 13.  Let the music take your mind on a journey.  This is Tool.
B000059Z8J|5.0|WOW!!!!!!!  I must tip my hat to AOL-Time Warner for this DVD.  They gave it preferential treatment, and it shows.  THe DVD is just loaded with extras.  If you want it, it has it.  The extras weren't the fantastic part of the DVD, the fantastic part is the actual movie.  Richard Donnor, the director of the 1st and most of the 2nd installment, did a fantastic job on putting in added footage to the movie.  There's an added scene in the first few minutes with Marlon Brando, and i am suprised it was never in the original release, because it just helps explain Krypton better.  Then, there's another added scene where Lex Luthor tries to kill Superman with bullets and stuff, and I'm suprised that wasn't in the original release.  The visual transfer of the movie is amazing.  It is extremely clear, and a joy to watch the visuals.  The audio has been remastered in Dobly Digital.  I have a subwoofer on my sound system, and all I can say is that it really was put to excellent use during th earthquake.  The movie is also in anamorphic widescreen, which I love.  Movies shoul always be viewed in a widescreen, and never pan and scan.  I'll admit, I grew up loving Superman.  Now, with this DVD, that love has be rekindled.  If anyone is looking to build their DVD collection, this is an absolute must.  Once Superman II gets the same treatment as the original, then I will purchase that one too.  I hear that next year, there will be a Superman II: Special Edition.
B00005B36H|5.0|It's hard to decide where to begin with this album.  Lateralus is a superb combination of efforts from every member of the band.  Each song is a testament to Tool's unlimited talent and creativity.  Maynard James Keenan's hypnotic voice is at its best.  Adam Jones and Justin Chancellor make their mark in every track.  But Danny Carey is certainly the most outstanding limb in my opinion on this record.  His time cuts and groove independence on the drums are mind-boggling.  The quality of sound on the disc is also the best I've heard.  There are also less &quot;dead tracks&quot; on this album which gives it reign over Aenima (sorry but I look at the music first, then the art).  Looking at the tracks, many of the songs have a darker, slower tone to them, building a gradual intensity as the song progresses, much like &quot;H&quot; off the Aenima disc.  &quot;The Grudge&quot;, &quot;The Patient&quot;, and &quot;Schism&quot; are examples.  Others carry an aggressive, linear hard-rock attitude such as &quot;Parabola&quot; and the title track.  Overall any Tool fan owes it to him or herself to snag this disc.  The band is tighter than ever, and Lateralus is a masterpiece musically.  It secures any specualtion that A Perfect Circle had any effect on Maynard James Keenan's relationship with the band.  Do yourself a favor and get this album, it will be extremely hard to be let down.
B00005BL2A|5.0|No, it doesn't sound like other DM albums, and yes, Alan Wilder's absence is detrimental to the remaining three (or, I should say, two plus Mark Bell).  So is it worthless, as some have suggested here?  Absolutely not.  Do you, on a daily basis, wake up and know exactly the mood you'll be in or what you'll be thinking tomorrow or even how you'll be feeling two minutes from now?  Me neither.  So continuity can't be substituted for the integrity DM shows with Exciter.  Up and down, rocky in places, sprawling, yet always beautiful and as ambitious as they've been since Songs of Faith and Devotion, Exciter reminds me (and should remind us all) that making music is not about simply hearing it when your finished, it's about associating it with people and places, times spent in turmoil, in bliss, in transition...DM is about you.  And that's something that should never be forgotten.
B000002UAR|5.0|Revolver is the Beatles most balanced and complete album in terms of pure songwriting quality and diversity--it should be the first studio album recommended for anyone who has never heard a Beatles album. A &quot;Best&quot; album is a relative term with the Beatles---they can only be measured in the context of their own work. Rubber Soul has fantastic stuff, but has &quot;filler&quot; (in the Beatles own context of course). Paul's obligatory pretty love song &quot;Michelle&quot; is fluff (Dylan made a snide comment to Lennon about the latter song) without even comparing it to the stunning &quot;Here, there and Everywhere&quot; on &quot;Revolver&quot;. &quot;What Goes On&quot; is a Carl Perkinish throwaway for Ringo to sing. &quot;Think for Yourself&quot; is weak and &quot;The Word&quot; is a tepid, prototype hippie love song far surpassed by later songs in the same theme. &quot;Run For Your Life&quot; (&quot;I'd rather see you dead little girl than see you with another man&quot;?!) is pure throwaway--Lennon himself admitted he was uncomfortable with the lyric and that the song was filler written in the vein of Elvis Rockabilly. This proves that the Beatles were beyond all that by late '65 and didn't need to attempt so closely imitate their musical mentors. Of course, when I say &quot;filler&quot; I mean in the context of the Beatles complete catalog--I would rather listen to Beatles &quot;filler&quot; than many other artists &quot;best of&quot; collections. &quot;Revolver&quot; is pure musical muscle--no fat (except perhaps George's &quot;Love You Too&quot;. Of his &quot;Indian&quot; trilogy songs, &quot;The Inner Light&quot; is by far George's best, unfortunately, as the B-side to &quot;Hey Jude&quot; it was hardly ever heard and never released on a studio album--you can find it on the singles collection &quot;Past Masters, vol II&quot;). Its too bad the fantastic singles released as an &quot;appetizer&quot; for this album (&quot;Paperback Writer&quot; &amp; &quot;Rain&quot;) aren't on the album as well (the Beatles routinely released singles for radio airplay to &quot;preview&quot; an album without the singles even being included on the album itself). Remove the summer of love psychedelia and commercial hype from Pepper and it stands a bit weak compared to &quot;Revolver.&quot; Even Pepper's famous &quot;A Day in the Life&quot; is given a good run for its money by Revolver's &quot;Tommorow Never Knows&quot;--both moody psychedlic masterpieces by John that end each album. Again, only the Beatles can compete with themselves--they invented their own category. this is the studio album to put in the hand of the novice.
B00005B36H|5.0|Once again Tool has proven that they are the premier 'metal' band in the world. (I put metal in quotations because this album, while amazingly heavy, has more subtlety and grace than any other metal album you can name.) Everything you have come to expect from Tool is still there: heavy riffing, nigh-impossible to decode time signatures, and that ever-present sense of restrained rage. But there is so much more: while i don't think they use actual East Indian instruments, the influence of that region of the world is evident.<br />Some might say that this album is too similar to Aenima, and they might be right. The way i see it, though, is that Tool are creating an epic so immense that they have to split it up over a multitude of albums. When people look back on the output of this band, they will not be able to view it as anything but one brilliant extended opus.<br />Truly amazing.
0345404475|5.0|Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? is an inpressive work of science fiction.  It's gripping plot and it's relevance to current issues make it one of the best books I have read in some time.    The story's enthralling plot depicts an earth ravaged by World War Terminus, and Rick Deckard is searching for illegal androids inhabiting the changed world.  As a bounty hunter, he must find and 'retire' these androids before they assume control of the planet.  This promotes an exiting chain of events that keeps the reader riveted and waiting for the next cliffhanger.    This novel also deals with one of today's most talked-about issues, robots and artificial intelligence.  It illustrates a future in which technology has gone too far and turned itself against the human race, all based on today's quickly advancing tecnological frontier.  It is cautionary and shows a shocking view of the potential future, which make the novel all that much more interesting and entertaining.
6305909326|4.0|uhhhh, hello? its a comedy. why does everyone seem to miss that?
B000002KKX|5.0|Christoper Cross issued one of the most spectacular debut albums in pop music history, deservedly received a battleship full of Grammy awards and has paid the price for it ever since. This beautifully-produced album of unique compositions sung by an utterly singular artist has held up perfectly over the years.  It's not an album, it's a life-changing experience.  Every track can stand on its own, but together they form an amazing whole.  Chris had the misfortune of making a monster hit in a culture which loves success, just not too much of it at one time.  I will always love this album and never stop listening to it.
B000002BUY|5.0|if i were to sum up this cd its an evolved garage band. The fact that incubus used to be 4-15 year old teens from calabasis, california produced such a follow up to their immature sounding fungus amongus. SCIENCE is a blend of turntable-style rock and intelligent lyrics. I got it as a hand me down from my sister and i listen to it at liest once a week. My favorite songs are summer romance (anti gravity love song), and glass. I am an incubus fan for life upon the purchase of make yourself and i cant wait for their forthcoming release &quot;pudie Tadow&quot; due sometime in late 2001.
B00004X01U|4.0|For anyone interested in Madonna's Music CD, the singles you've probably heard on the radio - Music, Don't Tell Me, What It Feels Like For a Girl - are strong indicators of  what this album is about. Lots of catchy hooks draped over sparse, jagged, electro backdrops are pretty much is the gist of this whole CD.<br />The album is a surefire success in its intent to mesh the old in with the new - to take the Madonna of the 80's the world fell in love with, and give her a sonic makeover (not that she necessarily needed one from her fantastic 1998 release). The first three tracks really conjure up unforgettable hooks that really seem to connect with the heart of what Madonna's old music used to draw from, her spunky delivery, the catch  phrases, etc. while at the same time titillate the listener with all the perks of modern sound technology.<br />The production is highly experimental, and overall, it works. The production is pretty much the highlight of the album, because most of its real artistic merit is the results of producers honing their blitzes and bleeps in a way that  complements the song. The title track best exemplifies this, because it would take a litany of descriptions here to  describe that track accurately to someone who hasn't heard it. Production aside, there really is not much of any &quot;artistic&quot; value on the CD, as the harmonic songwriting is static and banal (unlike many of her masterpieces with her longtime collaborator Pat Leonard, such as Live to Tell, Like a Prayer, and Frozen), and the lyrics are alot more mainstream and a bit trite/banal, presenting Madonna mostly in a way that would appeal to the least common denominator among listeners. Madonna's always had a way of taking a really common line and making it seem like it really means something. That's been a great hallmark of her career, but somehow, it seems to be occasionally faltering  here, despite the use of more lofty words (makes the bourgeoise wanna rebel?), which ironically seem a bit forced as though she were trying to affirm her intellect to the listener.  Smart as she may be, she sounds alot better and more natural saying &quot;I Wanna Dance With My Baby&quot; than arbitrary stuff like &quot;Astral Bodies Drip Like Wine.&quot; So the word choice works in some areas, but can be quite hit and miss. Also her narrative shift since her last release is a bit disappointing; gone is the mystique and mature, in with the fresh and the funk. Not necessarily a &quot;bad&quot; thing objectively, although I have a personal preference for the former.<br />After the first three tracks, the album goes off on this cowboy-country-hiphop tangent... I applaud her for trying it, and it sounds pretty good overall.<br />Soundwise, it's a step forward in terms of production and edginess (except for a few songs by one producer that were actually just stripped apart to sound more like another's - and that compromise rather vitiated those songs, Runaway Lover, Amazing, and Gone) and the hearken back to her olden days and carefree style is a huge plus. It's Madonna in fine form. Assuming that was her objective, it succeeds brilliantly.<br />The problem is that... it depends what you as a customer are looking for. Her previous effort, Ray of Light, was such an evolution for her narrative persona and delivery, with pinnacles of emotion and engagement, all executed with such pitch-perfect intimacy, that it really makes me scratch my head to wonder why she would take this more commercialesque direction rather than go forward.<br />Thus, I'm just imagining that intimacy was not the intent here, and that would explain its absence.<br />So the quality of this CD really depends on what kind of mood your in. If you're looking for profound, you won't find it here. On the other hand, if you're looking for funky, fun, and some generally groovy urban tunes, this album's for you.
B00005B36H|5.0|This cd is a great progression from nima.  The guitaring by Adam is harder, and Maynard has managed to make the vocals even more impressive.  Most definitely worth the wait.
B00005B36H|5.0|If you are a Tool fan then the 6 year wait on the album will be worth it once you listen. The same infectious lyrics and guitar riffs make this easily the best release of the year. To top that off its even more cutting edge than any of their other albums. Undestandably die-hard fans will love this and hopefully new fans will enjoy the outstanding band that is TOOL.
0345441184|5.0|This book is excellent! My 13 years old daughter definetely enjoy reading this book and she said that this book transported her to that era. Also the service here throught amazon.com is excellent. It took only three days to arrive from Delaware to Puerto Rico, great packaging and tracking using the U.S.P.S.
B00005B36H|5.0|AS IM SURE THESE REVIEWS WILL KOME IN DROVES, I WILL BE THE FIRST TO HERALD. THIS CD IS UTTERLY TERRIFIC. AFTER WAITING 5 YEARS FOR ANOTHER TOOL CD, THE BAND WOULD BE ILL TO DISAPPOINT. AND THEY DO NOT. A CONSISTENT MINDF**K THROUGHOUT, AND DEFINITELY NOT AN ALBUM THAT WILL IMMEDIATELY BEAT YOU OVER THE HEAD WITH INSTANTANEOUS ROCK TYPIFICATION. THE MORE YOU LISTEN THE MORE DISHEARTENING, F**KED UP, AND ANGRY THIS ALBUM WILL BE.
015670160X|4.0|This book is magical and absolutely hilarious.  Okay, so it takes a certain sense of humor to really enjoy it, but if a satire on writing throughout the ages sounds like fun to you, you'll probably enjoy it.  Orlando is more than that though, it really has many levels to it, and it is even more interesting when you read the story behind the story, about Vita and Virginia's love affair.  I learned about all that stuff while researching for a 15 page paper on the book.  Getting a little to much Orlando due to that paper made me lower my rating from five to four stars.  It is fun and liberating.  Oh, warning:  it has a very odd ending.  I'm not sure I'll ever understand it.  I read it before I finished the book and thought, oh, It will probably make sense after I've read everything in between.  Nope.  But it was definitely worth the read.
B000001DQI|5.0|This is one of my favorite CD's of all time.  Elton John's voice is smooth and nothing less than perfect.  Jamaican Jerk-off is the album's only flaw.  This Song Has No Title, Harmony, and Grey Seal have to be the most underrated songs of all time.  Everytime I hear them, I get goosebumps.  When I was a little girl I hated this album. One day, ten years later I pulled it out and was amazed by the lyrics, the music, and that amazing voice.  If you like Elton John, this is for you.  I think this is his best work.
B00005B36H|5.0|&quot;Lateralus&quot;, the newest release by Tool, is by far an atmospheric masterpiece.  Each member of the group is an extremely talented musician.  Also, Maynard James Keenan is once again exceptional in his efforts.  However, the cd, although featuring a sound quality which could peak one's interest, does not hold such diversity within the songs as &quot;Aenima&quot; did six years before.  Tool is a band which is not about conformity, and they pretty much do what they want to do, which is fine.  For you devoted Toolers, you'll listen to &quot;lateralus&quot; and its epic realism through and through.  For those of you who want to hop on the Tool bus, I say pick up one of the bands earlier releases - you're not ready for this one yet.
B000002J1S|5.0|This album is like nothing else I have ever heard.  It is even fairly unique in relation to Genesis' other prog-rock albums.  On Lamb the band puts experimentation at the forefront (whereas, it has been a smaller part of their music in the past) and allows Gabriel to tackle his most complex lyrics ever...and some how it works.  It not only works but it astonishes.  It is definitely one of the best prog rock albums ever recorded.  Gabriel's vocal acrobatics and lyrics have always impressed me but mixed with the effects he uses the sound is incredible.  And the group manages to utilize effects and synthesizers while not sacrificing their skill for great music, previously showcased on Selling England by the Pound.  Somehow every little bit of this record comes together to create something etheral that eclipses any of the band's other prog albums.  Like I said, it's hard to explain.
B000001EYO|2.0|This CD has 3 really good tracks. \\"The man in me\\" by Bob Dylan, \\"Just Dropped In (to see what condition my condition was in)\\" by Kenny Rogers, and a very cool cover of \\"Hotel California\\" by the Gypsy Kings.  Unfortunately, the remaining 11 tracks bite.  In my opinion, definately NOT worth the money.  Your'e better off finding someone that has the CD and ripping the 3 tracks I mentioned.
B00005B36H|4.0|I'm not a big rock or metal fan.  There are very few groups in those genre's that I listen to, let alone listen to on a regular basis.  Tool happens to be one of those groups.  This cd, like Radiohead's &quot;Kid A&quot;, was/is one of the most highly anticipated rock albums in a long time.  I'm glad it's out so maybe it will change the rock scene from where it is to something more meaningful.  This is a well crafted album.  Songs are splendid, M. is at the top his game, the whole band seems well refreshed and ready to go.  My favorite tracks #3, #5, and #8.
B00005B36H|5.0|TooL has never ceased to amaze me. In truth, I cannot completely focus on writing this review right now as I am listening to the album as I am doing so. I'm totally, completely, utterly, BLOWN AWAY! Why is this album so good? First, let me say that this isn't an album...It's a symphony. You must experience the album as a whole, rather than skipping around from track to track(although one can do this, I wouldn't advise it.) Secondly, you cannot simply listen to TooL--TooL is experienced, not listened to. This album is an experience that EVERYONE must have.  Thirdly:TooL has done more than just progress hard rock music. More than just progress music, period. They have progressed the human species by allowing us to transcend our meager existences and offer us the possibility of experiencing life as one collective consciousness. In my opinion, TooL has started the ball rolling towards human evolution. We should be thankful to have them.  PEACE.
B00005B36H|5.0|Wow. Lateraus is the equivilant of Metallica's black album and Nirvana's Nevermind. Those two albums jumpstarted the 90's rock scence, and I think Lateralus will do the same for the first decade of the new millenium. Each song is so incredible that I must review it song by song. <br />The Grudge: The most consistantly heavy song on Lateralus.  If you are at all skeptical of Maynard's vocal ability, you need to listen to this. Not only does he scream agressively, but he demonstrates APC - like melodies. There's also a great tribal drum outro by Danny Carry. 5/5<br />Eon Blue Apocolypse: This would have beem a great intro to a song, however it's too short. 3/5<br />The Patient: One of my favorites. It starts with a slow riff, and then explodes with an energy that remains for the rest of the song. Some parts of it are heavy, but melodic at the same time. 5/5<br />Mantra: The scariest song Tool has ever done. Don't listen to it after dark with the lights out. 4/5<br />Schism: This is the first single, but it sounds much better as part of Lateralus. Some of it is repetative, but it's excellent overall. 4/5<br />Parabol: The softest track on the album. The only thing that can really compare to it is the intro to the Deftones song &quot;Pink Maggot.&quot; 5/5<br />Parabola: Heavy party music that sounds a bit like hair metal. It's pretty addictive at first, but wears itself out after a few listens. This would probably be the worst on Lateralus. 3/5<br />Ticks and Leeches: Very innovative. The begining sounds like something from Opiate, but after a few minutes, it quiets down to an extremely soft guitar riff. As soon as you get used to the sudden silence, it gets heavy again as Maynard screams &quot;Suck me dry!&quot; It ends with an ear splitting guitar and bass riff. 5/5<br />Lateralis: The hardest track to get into. After yet another slow riff, it gets pretty hardcore, and for the first time, we hear an actual chorus. Then the bass and guitar have solos, and drive the song to a heavy conclusion like most of the other songs here. 4/5<br />Disposition/Reflection/Triad: The most psychodelic song Tool has done. Slow riffs and vocals lead up to a drum solo, and a continuous riff with a saxaphone (?) thrown in to the mix. After eleven minutes that sound the same, but still good, the last six minutes contain at least seven guitar solos. The best waste of 22 minutes ever. 1 million/5
0137549202|4.0|I have read the 1st edition of this book, and one must say that it is slightly obscure.  Some paragraphs are rather convoluted, written in the ancient, academic Germanic manner.  Other than a certain obtuseness in writing style, the content is quite all right.  The examples are illuminating.  The 2nd edition of the book is apparently more &quot;watered-down&quot;, destroying subjects such as lattice structures and cepstral analysis.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool are simply creative geniuses.  The length of the tracks here (averaging about 7 min) can be quickly forgotten because of how great the songs flow.  There is almost no repetition here, and the energy is unstoppable.  Pounding songs like \\"The Grudge\\", \\"Parabola\\", and \\"Ticks and Leeches\\" continue the tradition of the...Tool tracks of the past like \\"Stinkfist\\", \\"AEnemia\\", and \\"Sober\\".  This is not an album for someone with a short attention span, but then again, it might just be soo good that even those people will be hooked listening to it.<br />For me, this reminds me of Metallica's \\"Master of Puppets\\", in that they are both complicated and compositional in their structures, yet they are able to flow in a way that doesn't bore you.  It takes a lot more than one listen to fully appreciate the album.  That's why \\"Lateralus\\" is going to last soo long, because there's always more listening to do.
B00005BL2A|5.0|The opening track of Exciter is very reminiscent to Personal Jesus. With this new CD we see a return to the classic Depeche Mode from Music for the Masses and Violator. Most importantly, Exciter was made with he heart and soul of the entire band. Martin put the life experience of the band into this album. This is a great new CD to add to your collection, and it is a MUST have for any Depeche Mode fan.
B00005B36H|2.0|DISSAPOINTING!! I CAN UNDERSTAND THE HIGH MARKS FROM OTHER TOOL FANS. I MEAN THE ANTICIPATION FOR THIS ALBUM WAS TREMENDOUS, HELL YOU COULD OF PACKAGED THE BACKSTREET BOYS IN A TOOL COVER AND MOST PEOPLE WOULD HAVE SAID &quot;UH YOU HEAR THE NEW TOOL ALBUM ITS KIND OF DIFFERENT BUT TOOL ROCKS&quot;!! YES IT IS DIFFERENT FROM PREVIOUS TOOL ALBUMS I MEAN WHERE IS THE ANGER THE AGRESSION THE TIGHT RIFFS, WHERE IS MAYNARDS ABSOLUTE POWER IN HIS LYRICS. HALF OF THE TIME YOU CAN'T EVEN HERE HIS VOICE OVER THE SCATTERD MUSIC! THIS IS NOT THE TOOL MUSIC YOU HAVE GROWN TO LOVE FOLKS. THIS IS A LOST VERSION OF A PERFECT CIRCLE, WICH ACTUALLY SOUNDS MORE LIKE TOOL THAN LATERLUS. ALL SAID IF I WANT SOME SMART ARTSIE ROCK I&quot;LL THROW IN SOME PINK FLOYD OR RADIOHEAD. AND IF I WANT SOME OF THE GREATEST HARD ROCK EVER MADE I&quot;LL LISTEN TO TOOL MINUS LATERLUS!!!
B000002UW1|3.0|Though I'm not a true REM 'fan', in that I don't have all their albums and don't wear their tour t-shirts at the weekend, I know enough about what they do to judge 'Document' as an overrated album... I bought this on the back of hearing that it was their swansong, the epitome of a great band at its peak. I concluded thus that it was going to be pretty special, especially since I have in my collection the classic 'Automatic For The People', the equally great 'Out Of Time', and the great-in-places 'New Adventures..' as reference points. I was disappointed. 'Document' is simply not all that good when judged as the sum of it's parts. The obvious nostalgic buzz of 'It's The End Of The World..' and the evergreen 'The One I Love' are the obvious gems in an unfulfilling album. 'Finest Worksong', though feted as a key moment in the REM musical lineage, is no more than an average, even non-descript, mid-tempo rock song, which could have been put out by any late-80s 'college rock' band. 'Strange' gets the prize for 'most skipped track on any REM album', just beating the equally mind-numbing 'Fireplace'. 'Lightning Hopkins' follows 'Fireplace', and makes the tail end of the record virtually redundant, save for 'King of Birds', which briefly picks up the standard hinted at by 'The One I Love'. Unfortunately, the final track, 'Oddfellows Local..' is just a chore to sit through at the album's close, and leaves you hankering for 'Find The River' or 'Electrolite'.  It's not all bad though. 'Welcome To The Occupation' is a fine jaunt, matched by the jangly 'Exhuming McCarthy' and bettered by the exquisite 'Disturbance At The Heron House'. In fact, 'Document' is merely typical of many a good album which should have been great; it starts well, picks up pace in the middle, but falls away disappointingly towards the end.  To my ears, 'Document' is a flawed album, its reputation forged merely by the nostalgic turns of 'It's The End Of The World' and 'The One I Love'. Don't be fooled.
B00005B36H|5.0|tool's albums are better and better. 13 songs in 78 min andmore music and a little less singing buts awesome. its not like aenima that much. but i cant say that its better. GET THIS ALBUM!
B00005B36H|1.0|this isn't music, and either is the other tool albums.  i'd give it 0 stars if i could
0812523334|3.0|Little Women is a wonderful book that shows how 4 sisters love each other through happiness and sorrow and pain. It is one of the most wonderful books of it's times.
0783219598|5.0|A friend of mine told me, &quot;See this movie.  It's about a talking pig.&quot;  I said, &quot;You have GOT to be kidding.&quot;  But on his continued urging, I saw it (in the theatre, no less) because this particular friend isn't really the kind to be moved by just another cute talking animal movie.<br />I was just flatly blown away, in tears many times, left the theatre singing the beautiful hymnic song set to the Saint-Saens melody, replaying my favorite scenes over and over in my head ... I bought the VHS the instant it came out, and the DVD the instant /it/ came out.  And like my friend, I say to you: see this movie. Then see it again, for all the details you missed the first time (there're lots).  Then see it again.<br />You can watch this movie on all kinds of different levels -- yes, including the &quot;cute talking animal&quot; level, and probably even the animal-rights-activist approach given by an earlier reviewer.  But to do so does BABE a disservice; this is neither a simple kiddie movie, nor is it a moralistic PETA-informed fable.  It's actually deeply mythic -- Joseph Campbell's Hero's Journey set in the beautiful archetypical rolling green countryside and James-Herriot-esque farmyard, right down to the intervention of the wise mentor, the adventures and misadventures, rescues and failures, the dark night of the soul, and the ultimate triumph of the one who dares to &quot;follow his bliss&quot;.<br />Would we could all be so authentic and filled with the power of certainty.  BABE inspires me anew every time I watch it.
0441172717|5.0|Frank Herbert's Dune describes a futuristic political power struggle with an underlying lesson that teaches us about the human condition of adaptation.  The power struggle is centered on a need for a substance called \\"the spice\\" and involves several parties, including the Imperium, the Harkonnens, the Atreides and the Guild.  This power struggle sends the main character, Paul Atreides, into the deep southern Arrakeen desert where he has to learn how to live on a dry, worm infested, desert.  Dune demonstrates the idea that humans must adapt to their environments in order to survive.   One of the earlier examples of adaptation is the use of still suits.  Still suits are specially designed garments, made by Fremen (natives of Arrakis), which prevent the loss of bodily-water.  These garments are essential in the deep desert because there are no water sources.  Paul and his mother, Jessica, have never before used still suits on their home planet, Caladan, so they had to adapt to the desert and learn to use them.  Without the still suits, the two would not have survived their escape to the south, and could not have found the Fremen.  It is the Harkonnen's lack of quality still suits that kept them from exploring the deep desert.  This adaptation is very essential to the plot because there would have been no story if they hadn't found the Fremen; Paul and Jessica would be dead. Paul had to learn the Fremen ways.  Like how land, air and sea power are utilized on Earth, the Fremen utilize \\"desert power\\" on Arrakis.  Desert power is more important that anything else on Arrakis because of the simple fact that Arrakis is all desert.  Desert power involves the effective use of all desert resources; using worms for the water of life and transportation, sandstorms to knock out shields on an assault, and spice to enhance the mind.  The Fremen taught Paul their religion, and all of the aspects of desert power.  If he had not adapted to the desert by learning the Fremen ways, Paul would not have learned that the spice opened up his revelations and he would not have been able to mount the successful final assault on the Imperial city.  Neither the Harkonnens nor the Sardaukar (Imperial forces) had desert power so they were massacred (3 dead Imperials to every 1 Fremen) when fighting in the desert. Learning the Fremen ways seems to be the most important adaptation in the novel; Paul couldn't have survived and taken back the Imperial city without it. Paul's adaptations through the novel were directly related to the plot.  It shows that people cannot survive in an environment without adequately changing to meet that environment's requirements.  Ultimately, the book shows how the better-adapted fremen with Paul beat the unready Imperial forces and Harkonnens.  This novel very effectively combines great descriptions of the setting and characters, with an intricate plot that utilizes the thoroughness of its characters and setting.  It is a masterpiece of science fiction and I recommend it to anyone who has to time to read a long novel.
B000001IPL|5.0|I want to start off by commending the offspring for this fabulous piece of work.  I never get tired of it (as i do with americana, conspiracy of one, etc.).  Pure Offspring punk at its best.  I have all the cd's and this is definately the best (although, ignition rivals it).  GET THIS CD.
B00005AXEL|3.0|I would have loved to give this more stars, but it's really just an okay, not terrific album. I can listen to Everyday and Too Far from Texas over and over, but some of the others I just skip over. It's just a little too rough around the edges for me.
B000003TAW|5.0|I can't say much that hasn't already been said about this album, or this band.  I will say that I have about 700 cd's in my collection, and if I had to name my favorite cd of all time, this would be in the running along with only 2 or 3 others.  This disc will never get old.  If you are a fan of punk or alternative, and you don't own this disc, you must be brain dead.
B00000IRED|4.0|\\"The Truman Show\\" is about a normal everyday man named Truman Burbank living a normal everyday life. With one exception. His whole life is a TV show, directed by Christof (Ed Harris). Oneday, after years and years of his every move caught on camera, Truman finds out.  <br />\\"The Truman Show\\" is handled very well throughout despite some details which I couldn't get past.<br />1, I couldn't get past the fact that Truman could possibly live that long without finding out that his life was a TV show.<br />2, That a film company would actually be allowed to make someone's life a TV show without the persons permission. Wouldn't that be invasion of privacy? And wouldn't it be criminal?  <br />3, Where do Christof and his film company get the finances to keep the show going after all these years? A show like that would cost a fortune.<br />Now, I know it's only a movie and I know that movies don't have to be 100% realistic, but I found that these things let the movie down just a bit. But it's handled so well in other ways, that by the end of the movie, I still gave it 4 stars.
0671449028|5.0|My daughter and I both enjoy this book.  All the different animals are on a boat getting ready for bed.  They even brush their teeth together.  She loves looking at the mixed up pajamas on all the different animals.  It is a nice way to &quot;rock, and rock and rock to sleep. . . &quot;
038533348X|5.0|Kurt Vonnegut wrote the novel &quot;Cat's Cradle&quot; with his unique, brilliant writing style, sarcastically relaying his pessimistic messages.  This book, like others by Vonnegut, uses satirical, seemingly spontaneous, black humor and extreme sarcasm to relay his cynical messages about religion, science, and life in general.  In this story, a writter is researching the life of a strange scientist Frank Hoenikker, the inventor of the atom bomb.  His research takes him to the obscure island of San Lorenzo, where the people are secretly devoted to the faith Vonnegut created called Bokonism.  The ideals of Bokonism question the validity of all religions, while the writter's research conveys messages of science's malevolent effects on society.  This book is very entertaining, funny, and thought provoking, and everyone should own it.
B000002UJQ|3.0|Three brilliant songs (the singles - Paranoid Android, No Surprises, Karma Police). Some average Radiohead, some dreary nonsense (Fitter, Happier). The British press NEEDED an 'OK Computer' in 1997 with not a lot going on musically during this time. This record marked the beginning of Radiohead Mark 2, sans guitars and intelligent lyrics. The hype here isn't worth it - The Bends is a MUCH better album, where EVERY song is strong and doesn't require the skip button. Don't get me started on the pretentious Kid A...
0812550706|5.0|this was a great book that i could not recomend enough to all readers young and old.
B00004U30D|5.0|AMERICAN BEAUTY was awarded the Oscar for Best picture last year, and with due cause.  It is an incredible movie about the disintegration of a marriage,  and some have gone so far to say that it is a study of the disintegration of the American family.  The directorial debut of Sam Mendes(Broadway's Cabaret Director) is one that will be remembered for years to come.  Alan Ball wrote the original screenplay,  winning an Oscar for his efforts,  as well as an Oscar for Mendes.  The story focuses on Lester and Carolyn Burnham.  While their daughter seems to hate both of them,  it seems as though they begin to hate each other,  although Lester attempts reconciliation to no avail.  Lester(Kevin Spacey) becomes infatuated with his daughter Jane's(Thora Birch)friend,  Angela(Mena Suvari).  Meanwhile,  Carolyn(Annette Bening) begins having an affair with a fellow real estate agent Buddy Kane(Peter Gallagher).  Jane falls in love with the next door neighbor Ricky(Wes Bentley) who is under strict watch by his ex-colonel father Frank(Chris Cooper).  This movie takes ordinary people and creates a chain reaction,  changing their lives forever.  Mendes has directed this film with incredible skill and panache,  and Ball's script is brilliant.  The real story here is the ensemble,    which won Best Ensemble award at the Screen Actors Guild Awards .  Kevin Spacey is simply incredible as Lester,  winning his second Oscar and first in the lead actor category(He recently won for The Usual Suspects as supporting actor).  Annette Bening gives the performance of a life-time as Carolyn, bringing new meaning to the word lead actress. Thora Birch is great as Jane,  the perfect image of a confused teen.  Mena Suvari is able to give a good deal of depth to a stereotypically unlikeable character.  Bravo! Chris Cooper is an excellent character actor,  making Frank Fitts an unforgettable character.  One of the most surprisingly brilliant and hardest characters was played with perfection by Wes Bentley.  Peter Gallagher is suave as Buddy,  and Allison Janney gives one of the strangest yet most powerful roles as Ricky's mother.  All together, this film won five Oscars, and is a must-see for everyone!
B000002UB3|5.0|Let's face it:  where would the music world be today without the Beatles?  They were really the first band to truly do album-oriented rock, as opposed to one or two singles and lots of filler.  That makes every single one of their albums from Rubber Soul onward truly great listening experiences.  Also, the Beatles made such artistic growth with each album that all of them are fantastic in their own special way.<br />In their superb final album, the Beatles are at their most mature as a band and as songwriters.  The opener, &quot;Come Together&quot;, is one of John Lennon's lyrical masterpieces, with a catchy melody and a brilliant accompaniment.  &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot; are George Harrison's crowning achievements, the point where he was finally up to par with John and Paul.  Ringo's contribution, &quot;Octopus' Garden&quot; is a delightfully whimsical tune.  Paul is at his most diverse in this album, from music-hall tunes like &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot; and &quot;Oh Darling!&quot; (where he sings with a power and force that very few rock singers can pull off) to the strange but catchy &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money.&quot;  <br />Side Two opens with the dreamy &quot;Because,&quot; which contains some of the most hauntingly beautiful harmonies on a rock record.  The album winds down with two song &quot;sequences&quot; - &quot;Mean Mr. Mustard&quot;/&quot;Polythene Pam&quot;/&quot;Bathroom Window&quot; and &quot;Golden Slumbers&quot;/&quot;Carry That Weight&quot;/&quot;The End.&quot;  The closing of the album will leave you breathless.  <br />The last word comes from Paul, who insists that he's gonna make Her Majesty his.  After listening to Abbey Road, anything seems possible.  However, nobody has ever been able to match the Beatles' brilliance, and probably no one will.
0767809246|5.0|Such a movie like Stand By Me only comes once in a lifetime.  Luckily,  it is captured by Rob Reiner's excellent direction and the four boys' incredible acting.  The story,  based on a Stephen King short story,  revolves around Gordie(Wil Wheaton),  Chris(River Phoenix),  Teddy(Corey Feldman),  and Vern(Jerry O'Connell).  Having heard about the disappearance of Ray Brauer, they discover from Vern that his brother ran across the body,  but could not tell the police because he was in a stolen car.  Eager to claim fame,  the boys set off on a long trek to find the body and become famous.  Throughout this trip,  they learn more about themselves and each other than they could ever imagine.  Vern's brother tells the leader of his gang Ace the whereabouts of the body,  so they too set off for the body.  This comedy/drama is simply incredible.  I grew up watching this movie.  Wil Wheaton is brilliant as Gordie,  the would-be writer.  The late River Phoenix gives an unforgettable performance as Chris.  Corey Feldman plays the wild and crazy Teddy with great effect,  and Jerry O'Connell is hysterical as Vern.  Kiefer Sutherland is also excellent as Ace,  while John Cusack makes a good cameo performance as Gordie's deceased brother Denny.  Rob Reiner directs with a keen and knowing eye,  giving the blend of humor and drama just the right touch.  Fantastic Movie!
B00004Z400|5.0|White Pony is a sweet CD!! all the songs are great!!! especially the extra single &quot;Back to School&quot; other songs that are good on this cds: Elite, Street Carp, Korea, Change (In the house of flies) and Passenger. So if you like Deftones...get this cd!! or at least get &quot;Around the Fur&quot; CD :)
B00005B36H|5.0|Words do not do this album justice! I have waited, like the rest of you, a long time for this album. It does not disappoint. In fact, it exceeded my expectations. It is a masterpiece of emotion that makes the hair on your neck stand for every track. It is difficult to tell when one song ends and the next begins, bringing together a composition that other bands could only dream of making. I have not taken this cd out of my player for 2 days, and don't suspect I will in the next month. Thanks guys, it's amazing!!
B000000H6D|5.0|First and foremost, Type O Negative are NOT a goth band. People who perceive them as such are misled in their understanding of the genre and on Type O's music overall. Having said that, it is impossible to classify this band and this album in particular. Going from sabbath-esque dirges one moment to full blown prog rock the next, Peter Steele and his cohorts have trouble in picking a style and sticking to it. Perhaps this is why success has eluded the band for so long: every album is filled with contradictions and irony, eclecticism and variety. Unfortunately the record buying public is largely comprised of media worshippers and MTV dictated zombies. But that's getting off topic; back to the review.<br />Bloody Kisses is their greatest album. It combines heavy rock with pop, psychadelia, hardcore, ambient, stoner and classic rock, all enveloped in an atmosphere of darkness and tension (where the gothic connection arises from). Bloody Kisses is an LP which contains elements from several of the great rock giants of the past, twisting the sound and sending it into the post grunge age and injecting a modern thematic approach. The obvious influences are the Beatles, Black Sabbath, the Doors, Pink Floyd, etc. There are also new wave elements such as Duran Duran, Depeche Mode, the Cocteau Twins, My Bloody Valentine and hundreds other lesser known pop/rock bands of the 70's, 80's and 90's. The songs range in length from 12 minutes (Bloody Kisses) to 3 minutes (Kill all the White Pople). Perhaps the most under rated song from their catalog is &quot;Cant Lose You&quot;. It's the epic closer, a six minute ode to bereavement, an eerie, psychadelic and ambient drone awash with the mystical sounds of the east, with the sitar, tabla and tamboura being the prominent instruments therein. &quot;Christian Woman&quot; is possibly the greatest Type O song of all time, another epic containing three sections including a beautifully melodic acoustic folk section and a killer guitar riff toend it off. Everyone has heard &quot;Black Number One&quot;, the hard rock classic with an almost AC/DC-esque chorus and hilarious lyrics. &quot;Blood and Fire&quot; is another classic, with its good ol'Rock'n'Roll vibe and pump your fist in the air feeling. Great stuff.<br />Overall, Bloody Kisses sums up the best of Type O Negative. While their other albums do offer something worth listening to, none of them have the consistensy and confidence that oozes from this one. One of the greatest albums of the 90's, without a doubt. Open minds should embrace it, take it with a pinch of salt, and listen to some of the most creative and beautiful musical arrangements ever.<br />Take care and God bless.
B00005J6UP|5.0|I grew up on this movie and have watched it literally over a hundred times and I don't think that I'm going to ever get tired of it. I'm a 20 year old college student and all of my friends still love to watch it when we get together. I will definitely buy the DVD when it comes out. I can't wait to see the Deleted Scenes and read the commentary about it! I LOVE this movie!!!
B000056JYC|5.0|This cd will have you jumping and singing and looking for a party or calling friends over to party. Doobie Wahs and poodle hair is exactly what makes this cd fun. Sometimes you have to let up from the prog , metal, punk, rap and just sing your heart out. A must cd for every collection. The remastering is superb, sounding like this concert happened yesterday. Yes Peter Frampton may have got a bum rap at being a pop- idol but dang it he can sure play that guitar.
B00005BL2A|5.0|Well, when I say &quot;classic&quot; I don't mean it sounds anything like their other stuff....its just really amazing. I'm a big fan, and I love all of their albums, but this rates among their best with &quot;Masses&quot; and &quot;Black Celebration&quot;. Some of my favorites are &quot;Freelove&quot;, &quot;Dream on&quot;, &quot;I am you&quot;, but the best is &quot;The dead of night&quot;  I love the experimental nature of the song. Buy this album!
B000056K04|3.0|As a huge DMB fan I looked forward to Everyday from the day I found out about it to the day I got it.  But what I heard was a disappointment. The songs are catchy and fine if you want to listen to something that doesn't require a lot of thinking, but I like my Dave a little deeper than that.  Glen Ballard brought this group down from the great musicianship it has proven itself to be and replaced it with polished bubblegum pop that blends in perfectly with the teenybopper hits that dominate MTV. I always expect more from this band, and I know that their next effort will be worth listening to.  So please.  Will the real Dave Matthews please stand up?
B00005B36H|5.0|There isint a lot to say that the other reviews didint, but I completely agree that they are the best rock band. Adam Jones' guitar playing is simply amazing on Lateralus. I thought that the first single was pretty disapointing, but this album has eased my doubts...Whether you like heavier music or not, this album is the best ive heard this year so far (im waiting for Amnesiac by Radiohead) I suggest that YOU buy this
6301763041|5.0|I haven't seen this movie yet but I'm definitely buying it very soon.
B00005B36H|5.0|So here I was listening to this new cd and thought to myself Maynards done it again, made a new masterpiece out of 78 minutes of mellow/rageing music...I kind of thought about all of Maynard's past albums and realized that if god would be a musicain it would be maynard but god doesnt cuss himself out all the time and critisize the world for what it is, his a great vocalist but he seems like an ignorant fool sometimes. This new album well its good or so I've heard but in the end it would just convert a few more people to self-centered human beings, maybe Maynard realizes this maybe not. Who knows, to most people this is just a new great album, to the people that take ideas/topics under consideration this album and all of the other past albums prove the theory that music is a great infulence if the musician is really talented (like maynard) and can influence people to think like the musicain thinks. GO buy all of Tool's albums and listen to the lyrics, you'll eventually understand if you dont already.
0375703764|5.0|There is a trend today to always be original, outlandish and witty, very often at the expense of actual quality.  The stunning orignality and creativity of House of Leaves does not, in any way, limit it's quality and merit as an amazing piece of literature. This book is not just a story, not just a plot, not just an essay on human nature and the human mind. It is way beyond anything I have ever read, anything I have ever seen.  It is not for the simple or weak minded, not for people who want to finish a book, not for people who want something handed to them.  House of Leaves makes you work.  You have to ponder the philosophic passages, you have to make connections between the interviews and the soundbites and the essays and the story itself.  You have to go out and take the book, it will not automatically download itself into your mind.<br />And in the end, you are shellshocked. I was reading it in bed one night, and I heard my mom walking down the hall, and I panicked, thinking \\"the minotaur is coming to kill me\\".  And I am not the type of person to get spooked. I saw Blair Witch and was not scared.  I wasn't scared when I saw What Lies Beneath.  I'm not afraid of the dark (well, not before this book), and I seldom get the creeps.  But this book scared me.<br />Read it for thrills, read it for fun, read it for the betterment of your intellect.  Read it.
B00005B36H|5.0|Anyone ever get the feeling that Tool knows something about the universe that the rest of us don't know. They may be trying to tell us through their music, but it is very difficult to decipher the encryption.  Their music is so deep and layered that it burns my brain every time I listen to it. This new cd only reinforces what I already knew, they are the greatest band out today. Their albums will be touted for many years to come . Along with NIN the Fragile, Lateralus may be the Dark Side of the Moon, Quadrophenia or the Wall for these times. I am hoping that listening to these Tool albums hundreds of times in the coming months will allow me to figure just what the heck the secret to the universe is.
B00005B36H|5.0|I was very excited to buy this new Tool record, just because I wanted to believe that there was at least ONE new record coming out in the recent times that would not disappoint me.  Take, for example, U2's latest.....It's so disappointing seeing what they used to release.  Dave Matthews Band's new album is also a humongous disappointment.  I know you are all wondering why I mentioned those artists when they are so drastically different from Tool.  Trust me, it is VERY appropriate.  Although both of those bands have had commercial success, neither did anything that was completely conventional....With their latest releases, however, they sold out to make the big bucks....On the other hand, we have Tool.  With &quot;Lateralus&quot;, there is no fear of a commercial sell-out.  In fact, I honestly don't hear anything that could be played on the radio at all.  This may sound connotative, but trust me, this is a good thing.  Tool has made a record THEIR way, not someone else's.  They dared to do what they thought was right as opposed to what is marketable.  Instead of making an album of singles, they have created an experience....an experience best felt as a whole.  &quot;Lateralus&quot; is one of the true great albums that I have heard in recent years.  It is not, however, as good as the previous Tool release, &quot;AEnima&quot;, but it is a work of art.  If someone is just getting in to Tool after hearing A Perfect Circle, or the song &quot;Sober&quot;, I wouldn't recommend this record...at least not yet.  Ease into Tool first by listening to &quot;Undertow&quot;, then &quot;AEnima&quot;.....After this, you should be well prepared for &quot;Lateralus&quot;....a TRUE modern work of art!!!
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool has always been one of those bands where when you first get the cd, you almost have to \\"break it in\\" due to its vast complexity and artistic nature.  But Lateralus is the ultimate example of this, but this also means it is the most complex album and their best.  This cd is absolutely unbelievable and is not to be forgotten, ever.  It in my opinion, is THE BEST cd ever to come out and its value only goes up with each listen.  All those... lovers and pop... lovers please stay away, tool is what music is truely about and without them i dont know what the point of a cd player would be.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I give this CD 1 star, I would have given it a zero if it was possible. This album is was horrible but it was better than the first one which tells you that the first one was worse. The girl just can't sing which goes to show that you don't have to have talent to make it in the music business. She needs to leave the high notes to people like Christina Aguilera and Jessica Simpson. The whole CD was a remake of her first one with different words set to the same beat. If Britney wants to be around in the long run like her idol Madonna then she needs to come up with better music otherwise she is going to die fast, and her fan base is going to dwindle because the kids who are buying her music now are going to grow up and their tastes are gonna change. Five years from now we'll all ask the same question, Whatever happened to Britney Spears? I hope she is saving her money for the future.
B00000099Y|5.0|Aenima is awesome! Slightly differrent sound than Undertow, but still very Tool. Aenima has great, great lyrics.
B00005BJPO|5.0|Akira is one of those films that people love &quot;just because.&quot; Yes, the animation is fantastic. Yes, it was one of the first films to make Japanese anime mainstream in the US. Yes, no other animated film has had the impact that Akira has had around the globe. So what? Like most feature length anime movies based on a long manga series, the plot is too condensed, simplified, and confusing all at the same time. Anyone who has seen it will understand how this makes sense. Hardcore otaku (anime fanatics) will love seeing the film on the big screen and remastered on DVD, but those viewing it for the first time or those unfamiliar with anime will most likely stare at the credits in disbelief and say to themselves... &quot;what the [heck] was that???&quot; This is a film that is not meant to be viewed casually, but is meant to be analyzed intensely, and everyone will have their own views on what the story as a whole means. I personally do not obsess over Akira... I don't praise it, but I acknowlegde its importance in the world of anime. Whether you'll like it or not, it is something everyone must see at least once, since it is an permanent piece of worldwide animation history. Finding the original VHS copy is nearly impossible nowadays, so there is no reason to not buy this DVD. Be warned though - your feelings toward Akira will be extremes: you'll either love it or hate it...
1881273628|5.0|If you have ever wondered why the words came out but the message was not heard, read this book. <br />If you have ever wondered why you thought the conversation was a safe topic only to have it become a heated discussion, read this book.  <br />If you want to find a way to hear as well as you think you speak, read this book.  <br />Great for couples but don't rule out the benefits of how communication can improve at work.  <br />The book describes quite clearly how people need to hear words of affirmation, clarity of thought, and supporting information.  Get the the book. <br />Better yet, send it to a friend...and get this book.
079213690X|5.0|Braveheart is simply the best movie ever made. Mel Gibson directed the movie of a lifetime. The beautiful love story and Wallace's fight out of revenge transform this epic into an eternal classic. <br />Gibson tried to mirror the success of Braveheart with last summer's release of The Patriot. And don't get me wrong, I loved that movie as well. However, there was one critical error in the production of that movie: the abscence of a score by James Horner. Horner's score from Braveheart creates feelings of despair, rage, and suprise that go beyond the story. The call for &quot;freedom&quot; at the end of the movie is incredibly intensified by the background music and there hasn't been a single time that I didn't get chills while watching that scene. <br />If you haven't seen this movie yet, do not waste one more second. Go to your closest video store and rent the DVD. Watch it on a big screen tv and grab some popcorn, a Coke, and a box of Kleenex. I wish I could go back and watch this movie for a first time. Have Fun!!
B00003CXB2|5.0|worth waiting for.Truly the dvd format makes the cinematopgraphy THE top feature of these discs.And some little gems are featured as part of the DVD-ROM.
0385484518|5.0|Mitch Albom's account of his reunion with his dying college professor is a moving portrayal of the power of friendship when faced with the reality of experiencing a terminal disease.Morrie Schwartz was a teacher, mentor and friend to Mitch.  His impact on the writer even after a 20 year absence is amazing.  When Mitch heard about Morrie's illness he vlounteered to go and see him every Tuesday.  They talk about life issues such as life, death, love and friendship.  The conversations about death are the ones that the book covers most.  Morrie knows he is dying and wants to get his estate in order for his family.  Morrie wants everyone to know he loves them very much.  Morrie finds it in himself to enjoy his time on earth with family and friends and especially Mitch.  This helps Morrie gain clarity.  This book isn't just about death.  It teaches you many life lessons to be learned and understood for anyone.  The power of the friendship outshines the shadow of death.  I thoroughly enjoyed the book. It's one you can't put down.  I haven't read many books about death but the few I have tend to be depressing where as this book is revitalizing about life and it's experiences.
B00000IQC8|5.0|Every time I watch this movie, it gets funnier. The whole movie is full of laughs and the DVD is definitely a keeper. With all the extras, this is money well spent ... even in worthless Australian dollars!
B00005B36H|5.0|My god - after listening to Lateralus about 6 times through, it becomes apparant that you're not listening to a band - you're experiencing an epic work of art! From start to finish, the album never lets you go. A recurring theme for Tool has been to think for yourself, question everything. If this masterpiece of an album doesn't send a wakeup call to the crappy pop 'artists' and rap-metal 'bands' out there, I don't know what the heck will! On to a track by track review:<br />1) The Grudge - this track opens up fast and furious, with slower parts as well as fast ones. Adam and Justin's incredible instrumental work is very notable in this song. Maynard also has a growl that is unlike anything I've heard.<br />2) Eon Blue Apocalypse - Relaxing guitars, serves as a good interlude between a fast song like Grudge and a more APC-like movement called...<br />3) The Patient - Sounds like a cross between H and Third Eye (the guitar riffs sound very much like the ones in Third Eye). A very relaxing song which builds and builds to the end which really makes you want to praise Billy Howerdel for starting A Perfect Circle.<br />4) Mantra - lots of chanting. Another interlude between a slow song and a song that's a little bit quicker. Actually, the chanting sounds like one of my friend's word-chewed vocal chords, Chad. :)<br />5) Schism - a single that isn't 3 minutes long - what a concept! I can't put this song into words - even one of the less intense songs on Lateralus is better than almost any other piece of crap other bands put out.<br />6) Parabol - good lead-in to Parabola. Slowest song on Lateralus, Maynard's vocals are so incredible here, makes me want to weep!<br />7) Parabola - fast and furious, kind of like a remix of Parabol. You can't listen to Parabola without listening to Parabol.<br />8) Ticks &amp; Leeches - The hardest song on the CD, this one goes back to Opiate days. Maynard growling &quot;HOPE THIS IS WHAT YOU WANTED&quot; makes you want to raise your fist inthe air. Awesome stuff. Nice breakdown in the middle.<br />9) Lateralis - This is the Tool national anthem. &quot;Think for yourself&quot; runs throughout this song. The time meter is very screwed up so you can't really 'mosh' to it, which I find very ironic and fitting. :) Forces you to LISTEN to the music and words.<br />10) Disposition - Intro to quite possibly the most intense... movement (I won't call it a song, it's too incredible to be one).. that I've ever heard.<br />11) Reflection - Listen to this at 2AM, with the lights off, with headphones on. Is it me, or did Trent's touring with APC rub off on Tool here. GODLY stuff here, man! Best Tool I've ever heard.<br />12) Triad - very hard outro to end the trilogy. No lyrics - just lots of hard percussion and guitars/bass.<br />13) Faaip De Oiad - Gaping Lotus Project/Disgustipated reminscent. Fun for the whole family.<br />This was so easily worth the five year wait - I can't begin to express how I felt when I purchased this on the 14th (my local record store sells stuff early sometimes, hehe). If you haven't bought this album yet, there's something wrong with you. This will go down in history with Pink Floyd's &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;. Get it!@!@!@
0441172717|4.0|Science fiction combines adventure, fantasy, and horror into an imaginary world.  Frank Herbert's Dune, set on the desert planet of Arrakis, is simply a science fiction masterpiece, setting itself apart from the typical novel by discussing themes that are uncommon in other genres.  The style of writing and the language used in Dune can be difficult to understand and comprehend at times, but the storyline and the plot are quite easy to follow.  The plot contains several issues, including the controversial topic of religion, that interest the reader and keep them reading on for more.  For example, technology is a central theme.  The reader can then relate to the book, since we live in a world that is dependent upon technology.  Also, the  characters are well developed and easy to relate to.  Each character has their own place in the book; there are no characters that just suddenly appear, and then disappear.  Overall, Dune appeals to the reader simply because it is easy to relate to.
0812550757|5.0|This book, Speaker for the Dead, is a beautiful piece of literature and an incredible sequel to the popular Ender's Game. I was very skeptical about reading this book, especially when I tried to read it directly after Ender's Game. I picked it up a little later on and I must say that this book is one of the best that I have ever read. Don't read it until you've read Ender's Game, but don't expect the non-stop action that Ender's Game had. This book is genius in it's own right, but the pace is much slower and rightfully so. Don't miss this...
B00005BL2A|1.0|I have been a longtime DM fan and I was really looking forward to his album.  I thought Ultra was an important album for them to make considering the amount of personal turmoil surrounding the band at that time.  Dave's vocals were strong and althought some of the songs were not that catchy, they were songs.....Freestate, Home, Useless to name a few.  Exciter is a 50 minute mix of minimalist electronica bleeps with no emotion or heart.  The tempo is incredibly slow and I really have no intention of putting it in my CD player again.  I really feel that they have taken two giant steps backwards with this recording and I'm worried about how they are going to pull off these songs live.  If the tempo of the set is too slow, I predict many people heading for the Beer Stands.  This after paying $.. for a ticket.  I really hope they play a lot of old stuff.  What a disappointing album.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I couldn't describe my love for Dido's music in less than 1,000 and still do her justice.  She hypnotizes you with her voice and takes you to a million and one different planes.  When I first started my quest to find her cd, and anything she may have been in, no one had heard of her &amp; she hadn't released a cd yet.  Waiting and waiting was horrid, finally seeing ONE copy shoved off in the 'no-name' aisle was heaven.  If you're an independant female, this will show a side of you that Meredith Brooks and Alanis Morrisette didn't quite contact.  They're two of my favorite artists, so don't think because it isn't 'in your face' that it won't be an absolute experience and show of the thought running through our minds.
076790382X|2.0|Bryson is an author with tremendous flair and expertise... I tried to remind myself that this was written by the man that brought us &quot;Notes from a Lost Continent&quot;...Sorry, &quot;Stranger&quot; is...not his best book, and I can only hope his book on Australia is better...
B0000399WI|5.0|To watch Shawshank Redemption: No popcorn/coke, phone off the hook, all eyes on the screen as if you are there with them - you will then get all the patients needed. And trust me, you will be redeemed...
B00004WKII|5.0|This is a beautiful collection of studio sessions, live performances, outtakes, and alternate mixes.  Almost everything in this box set is previously unreleased material.  I know that some of you may be intimidated.  That's understandable.  I was intimidated, too.  Sure, Jimi Hendrix is a Legend/Hero, but what could he possibly have to offer 3 decades after his death, that hasn't been offered already?  Listen to the 4 discs contained in this purple velvet box, and you'll find the answer.  This collection is full of energy, soul, power, love, and much insight into one of the most important minds in music history.<br />Jimi's cool sense of humor shines on the live recording of &quot;Purple Haze.&quot;  He sings, very clearly, &quot;Excuse me, while I kiss that guy&quot;,  addressing the misenterpretation of the original lyrics &quot;...kiss the sky.&quot;<br />The full-color booklet contains great photos, as well as specific information for each track.<br />All in all, this is some of the best recorded Jimi Hednrix material.
B00005B36H|5.0|there no words grand enough that i can think to describe this album. i wasn't disappointed with a single song on this cd, and its such a great thing that tool hasn't decided to compromise their artistic integrity by become more radio-friendly and [garbage] lik ethat. if only every band would follow this path. <br />a well needed break from the pre-packaged anger and dolled up teen chic infesting the music industry, the band is at its best throughout the album. Maynard's voice (arguably one of music's best, especailly after A Perfect Circle) is so etheral and distressing. Adam Jones's guitar and Justin Chancellor's bass compliment each other perfectly. and Danny Carey's drums are simply f---ing amazing on here, especially on the opening track, \\"the Grudge\\" and on \\"Ticks and Leeches\\"<br />Definitely not something for people hungry for instant Limp Bizkit anger fixes, the mood throughout the album is very emotional and mysterious. Tribal rhythms, melodic breaks, and pure metal aggression weave seamlessly together. <br />Then of course there's just the Tool \\"weirdness\\" which makes teh band so great. Song and album titles that no one seems to have any wclue as to their meaning, fantastic art (the packaging design on the CD alone is worth the money), and of course, scary and quite frankly disturbing themes and sounds, like the last track \\"Faaip de oiad\\" (voices of god).  but yeah, one would just have to gout and sample this for hisself. It's very cerebral, and also just straight out, great rock and roll at the same time. Can't wait till they put another album out in five years (hopefully sooner)
0553274503|5.0|i beleave one has to read the book himselve to really find out how good this book am,<br />i reads this book almost tan year ago but all the plot are stil in my mind. it was simple but subbtle. short but depth. unreal but totally compeling;<br />it rank as one of my few all time favorates. terific. pleas read it'
B000059HB7|5.0|At last we have RIO BRAVO on DVD and it looks and sounds great!<br />Others will discuss the film's merits. I'll just say this is one of the best westerns ever made and solid entertainment with Howard Hawks deftly directing an ensemble cast headed by Wayne in his prime.<br />The 1.85 widescreen anamorphic image is thankfully preserved and looks clean and sharp. Overall, the color of this 1959 film looks very good indeed. In some interior scenes the colors appear slightly muted, but it fits. The sound is clear. Deano and Ricki's songs sound great. This is a keeper. Hats off to Warner!<br />Now if only they'd give us THE HIGH AND THE MIGHTY on DVD!
B00005B36H|5.0|I can say, without a doubt, that Lateralus is already my favorite Tool release.  Considering Tool is my favorite band and I love all of their previous releases, that is quite an endorsement -- but that's how incredible this album is.  It takes the best parts of Opiate, Undertow, and Ænima and seamlessly merges them for what can only be referred to as &quot;the ultimate rock album.&quot;  It has the savage, lacerating properties of Opiate in many places, the aggression of Undertow, and the depth of Ænima (without the muddy, more layered production of the latter).<br />Some reviewers have said that this album doesn't &quot;rock as hard&quot; as previous releases.  I don't know what they've been listening to, because two of the songs on here (&quot;The Grudge&quot; and &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot;) are among the hardest rocking, if not the two hardest rocking, tracks Tool has ever laid down.  &quot;The Grudge&quot; will absolutely pulverize you the first, and each subsequent, time you hear it, and &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot; will frighten you to the point where you curl up in a fetal position.  <br />This is not, however, some heavy metal screamfest (although Maynard's screams on &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot; are about as violent, vitriolic, and nasty as they come); there are plenty of great SONGS on here.  &quot;Lateralus,&quot; for instance, is a great song; it boasts better musicianship than even Tool have served up before and great vocals (duh) that are intermittently melodic and aggressive.  &quot;The Patient&quot; almost sounds like a continuation of &quot;H.&quot; to me; it is truly wonderful.<br />In fact, everything on this CD is incredible, even the several interludes, like &quot;Eon Blue Apocalypse&quot; and &quot;Mantra.&quot;  The former is almost entirely acoustic, and provides an excellent segueway into &quot;The Patient.&quot;  Another great segueway is the change from &quot;Parabol&quot; to &quot;Parabola.&quot;  &quot;Parabol&quot; is a song, butit also acts as a sort of interlude; it is basically a shorter, softer version of &quot;Parabola,&quot; with some of the same lyrics.  The ending starts to get a little louder, and leads directly into the pounding opening of &quot;Parabola.&quot;  It is simply awesome.<br />I sometimes like to name &quot;standout tracks&quot; when reviewing a CD, but I can safely say that all of these tracks are great.  There is something for every Tool fan, as well as every fan of rock music in general.<br />Whatever your expectations before buying this album, rest assured, it will exceed them.  I've been waiting for this for more than four-and-a-half years (Ænima was released October 1, 1996), so you can imagine how great I imagined it would be when I finally got my hands on it; well, it completely blew me away.  You truly have to experience it to appreciate it.
B000059Z8J|5.0|Like many have said before, watching &quot;Superman: The Movie&quot; is not like just being a kid again, it's better! Especially, with this new DVD version! It was great to watch the interviews they had with the cast and crew! Along with the theatrical trailers to the movie, and the deleted scenes(which are probably some of the best and funniest moments in the film)! What makes it more cool is when you can just listen to the soundrack (music by the master himself John Williams), and just read the subtitles to the film, it gives you a true feeling of being part of a silent film where the music really tells the story!      But the actual Superman story itself is a true piece of magic! This wonderful story where Kal-El, the soul survivor of Krypton, grows up in Smallville, then goes to Metropolis to become Superman (and who disguised as Clark Kent), and fight for truth, justice, and the american way! Superman is really the greatist hero for all of us to have, and somedays I wish he was real, and he could handle the major problems of the world! A must for all devoted fans!
B000002V07|5.0|One of my two favorite albums of 1993. the other being Earth 2:Special Low Frequency Version (Sub Pop). Listening to this album is like a musical massage. Very beautiful and dark. Buy this now. Buy this now!
B00005B36H|2.0|I suppose you can call this an addendum to my earlier review...Lateralis does grown on you to a point.  It's apparantly one of those records that you really have to listen to again and again in order to appreciate.  This doesn't excuse it from the monotonous and useless transitional tracks, or the fact that none of these songs are good enough to have been on either of the first three albums,  but songs like Schism, The Grudge, Parabola and Lateralis make this album worth borrowing (still not worth buying yourself).  Still a fan, but this album was definitely not worth waiting 5 years for.  At least the pitiful and shamefully commercial Salival had all the videos on DVD as reason to purchase it.  This record has no such redemption.
B00004Z400|5.0|I bought this CD when it first came out WAY back last year. I just read some other reviews on it and was surprised by one in particular. Even if you didnt like this disc as much as Around the Fur, you have to admit that this disc shows much more of a dynamic to the band not present on the previous two. Many songs have more of a groove style to them, yet remaining heavy, and distinctly Deftones. And for those who haven't figured it out yet...the reason why Back to School sounds like Pink Maggit is becasue Back to School evolved from Pink Maggit during a jam session after the original white pony was released.
B000002BMV|5.0|With the departure of founding member Greg Rolie and the advent of Jonathan Cain, Journey practically becomes a different band. Virtually any trace of Neal Schon's Santana days are gone. So many people almost want to apologize for the 80s sound of this record, but from the album art to the sound they were able to capture in the studio, this album for me has a timeless quality. Maybe it's that I was an early teenager when I discovered this record and grew up listening to it, but this album speaks to my subconscious. It could be my appreciation for Journey beyond their classic hits but my favorites on this album are 'Lay It Down', 'Mother, Father' and 'Escape'. (I'll correct this if I'm wrong, but I think Neal Schon's father co-wrote 'Mother, Father'.) You could see it in their live performances. They weren't quite sure what people would think. It's almost like when Steve Perry joined the band - but if you think Steve Perry made Journey sound mainstream ... The hereto underrealized pop songwriting ability of of Cain still seems a bit tentative here but the rich earthy sound of the Moog and the Hammond B3 are gone. The updated definitive 80s sound of the Sequential and Oberheim synthesizers are a world apart. Steve Perry is of course a tenor, but on this album his voice takes on a fuller, almost raspy character. He still sings in the same range as ever but he somehow makes it sound even easier than he did before. I still have my LP, which I pull out from time to time but I imagine I'll always have it on CD or on whatever other media this album becomes available in the future.
B00005BL2A|4.0|Depeche Mode is a great band.  I like this CD a lot.  I think this CD is the more sophiscated side of DM.  Anyways, they have this edgy, radical sound that NO ONE else has!!!
B00005BJ2O|5.0|The Moulin rouge soundtrack, is the best one ive heard in ages!  its got a wide selection of music types and some fantastic covers of the classics! a great buy!
B000002B1M|5.0|I think that it was written was hated on by many, because they said that Nas had crossed over but I think that is a lie.  THe CD is the truth and no one can deny that.  The lyrics, the beats, everything is on point and it is defintely a tight CD. Nas is the best ever.
B00003CX9E|5.0|I think there has been a recent backlash over 'Citizen Kane' because it is frequently voted the 'greatest film ever made' by movie critics and movie buffs.  Many people are rebelling against this idea because they feel otherwise.  What they don't realize is how silly it is to call any one single film 'the greatest' ever made.  Regardless of how one feels about Orsen Welles' masterwork, there is not doubt that his movie is at least one of the most important and influential films ever created.  It revolutionized they way movies are made; it has groundbreaking originality in camera angles, flashback sequences, screenplay, metaphors and acting.  'Citizen Kane' has one unforgettable sequence after another; it has one of the most haunting openings and hair-raising endings to any film I've ever seen.  It is one of those rare movies that many people could never forget throughout their lifetime.  If I had only seen it once, I still would have been able to remember it sixty years later.  There is no doubt in my mind.<br /><br />No for the double DVD..  'The Battle over Citizen Kane' is just as fascinating as the film itself.  It shows how the career of Orsen Wells was ruined just for making a movie.  He was dealing with people who were much more powerful then he realized.  Some free country we live in, right?  Roger Ebert gives his usual wise and intelligent commentary about the film.  I think he might be the only living critic who has discussed 'Citizen Kane' more than anyone else.  He should keep on discussing because it is a timeless work of art.
B00003CXN4|1.0|This was one of the worst movies I have seen.  Could not give a [care] if someone doing drugs, hiding the doing of, selling etc.  The acting was good, but the movie was not anything of interest to me or my family.  We went to see it because of \\"rave reviews.\\" On the upside I think that Benicio DelToro deserved the best supporting actor Academy Award for his role in 'Traffic'.
B00004XOWM|1.0|Sorry Limp But u guys killed ur own carrears there is just better stuff out there these days and i am sick of this stuff ur producing. Anways if u guys try to come back it's gonna be like a nother starfish and hot dog flavored whatever peice of junk. So guys just get out of the music business and let some talent come in!!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This CD is definitely one of the best CDs ever made. It is a collection of 27 of the greatest songs of one of the greatest bands in history. As simple as that.
B00005B36H|5.0|If you buy one cd this year, make sure its this one.  As soon as you get the time, goto the store and get yourself a copy of this cd.  Every song on this cd is a hit, there isn't one song on the entire album that isn't great.  Tool did a great job on this album, it was worth the long wait.
B00004W5UA|5.0|..I went to see FightClub because of the contravery that was already forming around the movie that had been in the threatres for less than a week...but I left the movie theatre a changed person.<br />Not only are the special affects outstanding and the dialogue so complex that you need to watch the movie multiple times to catch all the subtleties, but the plot line itself has lays upon layers of meaning!  If you want a love story, you've got one, if a strange and fairly disturbing version; if you want some good ..fighting, there is that, too.  And may I state a second time that the special effects are beyond reproach, which is a very high compliment coming from me.  But none of these things are the reason that FightClub stands out in my mind...the movie is so amazing for the multitudes of messages that it portrays, messages that I believe every single person on this planet needs to be hearing right now!  Why do we let what job we have dictate our lives; why do we spend our entire lives trying to pay off credit card bill depts that we used to buy furniture that we didn't really need?  Do our possessions make us who we are?<br />FightClub is about two men who somehow, despite the American world they have grown up in which is totally based upon consumerism, find a way past it all, and find a way to fight back.  It is trully too bad that more people have not seen this film, that there are people who will never watch this film because it is known to be 'violent'.  Yes, there is violence in this film, but believe it or not, it is not violence without a point; Tyler Durden and his buddy use violence to awaken the mind, as a means to see things as they really are, with the blinders taken off.  And as their blinders come off, so do the viewers, and they get the chance to see America in a way we would never view it ourselves.<br />I would recommend this movie to anybody, whether they enjoy violence or not.  If it turns your stomach, I implore you, fast foward through those sceens (there are not all that many, in actuality) and watch on.  You will not regret it!
B000002JS0|3.0|as everyone knows, ac/dc is three slamming chords, a simple 4/4 beat, a throat shredding vocalist, and a hyper active lead guitar. if you want more, go to frank zappa. this is about as primitive as you can get without actually dragging your knuckles on the ground. that said, ac/dc is clearly the greatest rock and roll band of all time. they rock, they swing, it's funny, and you can dance to it. this, they're first, has them finding their sound. its half great, half basic ac/dc, which isnt bad, but the songs just arent there yet. its a long way, livewire, tnt &amp; high voltage belong with their greatest. bottom line: if you've gotten highway to hell, back in black and powerage, get this. if not, get the others first.
B00004U30D|5.0|I dont have much to say about &quot;American Beauty&quot; beyond the fact that everybody should watch this, it is amazing and will change the way that you view the world forever.  It is an intimate portrait of two families who live next door to each other, seen sometimes through the eyes of their two teenage children, and sometimes through the eyes of the narrator, Les, who is experiencing his second teenage-hood after he quits his job to go work at a fastfood restraunt.  But inside all this, &quot;American Beauty&quot; is a dark look into the American culture today, how we treat other people, how we treat ourselves, and how all of these things can come back to haunt us in ways that we can only have imagined.<br />And if you love this movie as much as I do, you must watch &quot;fight Club&quot;, &quot;Dogma&quot;, &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; and &quot;The Talented Mr. Riply&quot;.  I am still not exactly sure how so many amazing movies all managed to come out in the scope of under a year, but they did all the same...and I would be hard pressed to pick a favorite.  They all deserve 5-stars, and I trully believe watching one makes watching the others so much better!
B000002JST|3.0|ac/dc still hadnt found the perfect beat yet, but there were getting closer. i still look on this as an album, with side one being weak &amp; side two being incredible. the first two songs and overdose are all very weak and bad boy boogie is just okay, but the rest SHRED. whole lotta rosie might be the finest thing they've ever done. so this is worth owning after you have the ac/dc essentials (powerage, highway to hell, back in black).
6302902010|1.0|I was overwhelmed by the no. of people who have longed for the original movie, just like me and feel that any other production pales in comparison.  My parents played the music as I grew up and I never did get to see the movie (I am 48).  I have had the Samuel Goldwyn Meyer Co. write to me yrs ago that the movie is tied up in his estate, and a movie channel wrote me that the film's condition has caused the delay.  Hard to know what to believe, but if anyone hears of a release/copies available I would be grateful to know.  Vicki at:[e-mail]com
B000002JS8|5.0|this is one of the first perfect rock and roll albums. from the intro chords of highway to hell to the &quot;na-nu na-nu&quot; farewell from bon scott at the end of night prowler, there is not one wasted note, not one missed opportunity to rock successfully. this is bon's sendoff, and what a way to go! the songs are catchy ... along with being bonecrunching. IMMORAL AND IMMORTAL all rolled up into a funny, rockin', tuneful batch. beautiful, baby, beautiful!
0440219078|5.0|Lois Lowry's book is both disturbing and wonderful.  It makes us seriously consider our choice to make everyone the same.  This book is not just for young adults.  I first read it when I was 18, but it now rests as part of my perminant collection of books.  It is a great book for both young and old.  It can also be read in a single sitting, which is a plus, because it is hard to put down.
B000002JS6|4.0|with the exeception of the awful let me put my love into you (thats really sweet, guys), this is only a cut below highway to hell. my one complaint is that the humor is not all there, but given the circumstances of creating the album right after bon scott died, its quite understandable. that said, this album definitely stomps. brian johnstons vocals were once described as &quot;singing as though someone was holding a cattle prod to his scrotum&quot; and the description holds up here, the vocals are inhuman! the riffs behind you shook me, what do you do for money, and back in black are phenomenal, the solos sizzle, its simply one of the best hard rock albums of all time. after this, there was nowhere to go but down.
068484267X|4.0|&quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; is one of the best books i have read in a long time.  Athough it may seem like an extremely long book it keeps your interest throughout the whole story.  It is written in the best view imaginable, that of a childs.  Frank McCourt is a poor boy who moved from New York back to his parents homeland, Ireland. He is the oldest of 7 children, three of them died however.  His family is extremely poor and his father is nothing but a raging alcoholic. It is a wonder to me how this poor child made it through his childhood and how could he ever possible find the courage to write about it.  Overall, i gave this book four stars because it was a really realistic book.  To learn all about his life made me realize how fortunate so many people are.  It was an extremely moving book and i think everyone should read it.
B000002JSV|4.0|now, THIS is rock and roll! from top to bottom, a strong collection. although there is not an obvious &quot;best song on the album&quot; cut, there's not a weak moment. unlike other people who've reviewed this, i love kicked in the teeth. come on, the title alone rules!! this is the first of ac/dc's indispensibles and the first time everything came together for them. if you dont own this, you dont know rock and roll, go buy dido.
068484267X|4.0|&quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; is one of the best books i have read in a long time.  Athough it may seem like an extremely long book it keeps your interest throughout the whole story.  It is written in the best view imaginable, that of a childs.  Frank McCourt is a poor boy who moved from New York back to his parents homeland, Ireland. He is the oldest of 7 children, three of them died however.  His family is extremely poor and his father is nothing but a raging alcoholic. It is a wonder to me how this poor child made it through his childhood and how could he ever possible find the courage to write about it.  Overall, i gave this book four stars because it was a really realistic book.  To learn all about his life made me realize how fortunate so many people are.  It was an extremely moving book and i think everyone should read it.
B00001ZTMY|5.0|This CD is so good, even if it was out 2 years ago it's still clearly excellent it gets every one say: &quot;Yo, what a flow !&quot; If tou are into Hip Hop and/or Martial Arts, you'll like the music and the lyrics about the ancient japanese art of war; Samurai... Check also for the album &quot;La Garde&quot; witch are Shurik'n and his brother Faf Larage !
0553573403|5.0|the way this book was put together was just amazing. you almost get to feel like you know the charachters. always takes turs into unexpected places.
B000006ED1|5.0|This cd is defenitely the best Blind Guardian cd, it is very epic-like and much more developed than the others. this cd is all about the silmarilion.in fact it is conceptual and tells the story thru awesome music, there are metal pieces filled with an awesome power and there are gentler medieval-like tunes and excelent rythmical pieces too, there are dialogues by the main caraters which sound as if they were taken out of a movie track (ecelent sound,clean and mystical) the whole cd has that imprint of Blind Guardian that at least in my case is the only band that makes me feel the true air I felt while reading the tolkien books, a very intense and awesome feeling comes along with music so good that you loose yourself into its powerfull-progressive blend into fantasy.
6301955595|5.0|This is the best film I have ever seen. It is brilliant. --Cynthia von Buhler
B00004THAY|3.0|I bought this record about nine months ago and, after listening to it a couple of times, have not taken it out of the drawer again. It felt like there is something missing - the &quot;groove&quot;.  Without an exception, the songs feel as if both artists were forced into this collaboration. I could not spot the inspiration, the drive, the joy among other things that make a great record a great record.  This one is boring to listen to. If I want to listen to Eric Clapton, I chose a different record.
B00005B36H|5.0|I Must Say Ive been listening to this cd relentlessly since the day i bought it. this is an outstanding piece of art , and a must to any TOOL Fan.  To Me , Lateralus is the best Tool Could get out of themselves after Aenima. im not trying to compare between the two albums , just saying it's hard to make two masterpieces in a row. ( Ask Thom York From Radiohead About The Making Of Kid A 2 Years after the beautifull O.K Computer C.d ). I Think TOOL haD really Put their soul into this one , The Music And Lyrics Are Just Breathtaking.( Buy it if u wanna find out for yourself ! ) Favourite songs : The Grudge , The Patient , Parabola , Disposition , Reflection. The Other song are excellent as well.<br />Cant Wait To See The Schism Video On MTV.
B0000029DD|5.0|Jeff died two days before I was to see him play for my first time in Memphis. Ever since that day I feel a void in my musical soul.<br />If only.....<br />If you haven't already, you owe it to yourself to add this amazing artist's work to your collection.
6305718903|2.0|It is up to you what you ultimately will watch but I wish that when I was at Hollywood Video renting this I would have accidently picked up the wrong movie. I think Stars Wars was next to it.  At least seeing that for a third would have been more enjoyable than this.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Just another bit of praise for this album.  I love it.  It's one of my favorites.  I didn't really care for Radiohead before OK Computer was released (based on their singles).  And I only bought it (impulsively) because I kind of liked Paranoid Android and its video.  I'm glad I decided to gamble and buy the CD on the strength of one song.  It made me decide to revisit their previous work and look forward to future releases.  I'm currently waiting impatiently for Amnesiac to arrive.
B000002MUQ|5.0|My friend gave me this CD for my birthday.  I was kind of hesitant about it because I have never really been exposed to Van Halen, so I just popped it in my CD player hoping for the best.  I got it.  <br />This CD is an absolute gem.  Van Halen are almost at the hard rock point, but not quite, giving them a great sound that works on all of their songs.  Can't Stop Loving You is a beautiful ballad that deserved all the recognition it got.  Don't Tell Me (What Love Can Do) is flat out awesome.  Even though Doin' Time is just an instrumental, it is still one of the best songs on the CD.  Aftershock is incredibly catchy.  Ed Van Halen's guitars sound very good, as do Alex Van Halen's drums.  The vocals by Sammy Hagar are incredible.  I'd definately suggest this album.  Even if you haven't experienced Van Halen before this, this is an awesome place to start.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This album is the greatest ever created. 'nuff said.
B00005B36H|5.0|I just closed my eyes and I saw a superhuman. A harsh, weathered warrior. Steel blue eyes, tangled grey beard, muscles erupting while brandishing a monstrous sword. Slaying all who dare to cross the bloody path of an ancient GOD OF DESTRUCTION!That's what I felt the moment I began listening to TOOL's new album, Lateralus.The wisdom of their collective consciousness is awe inspiring. The imagery evoked is truly DISTURBING in the most gratifying sense. Maynard's vocals are reminiscent of a Vienna choir. The souls of one thousand fallen angles erupt from his palet.Danny and Justine lay a framework by delivering a long journey to the subconscious with their transidental rythmic structure that boils deep in the spine of an ancient culture.Adam's guiter sails along this granite landscape with a mind altering frequency that is truly DECADENT!I AM PLEASED
B00003W8NM|5.0|A great movie.  Pay close attention to the beginning   SPOILER   You can actually see visions of Brad Pitt come up when Norton is talking with people within the first half hour
B000002OX3|3.0|Coming after the fierce &quot;maximum R&amp;B&quot; adrenaline of &quot;My Generation,&quot; &quot;A Quick One&quot; sounds a little pale. This is largely due to a business deal negotiated before the album's sessions had begun by the band's managers Chris Stamp and Kit Lambert. Even though Pete Townshend was the only member of the group that had done a serious amount of songwriting up to that point, Stamp and Lambert negotiated a cash advance against the publishing royalties for Keith Moon, John Entwistle and Roger Daltry. Each of the latter three members were to contribute two songs to the band's upcoming album. Apparently the cash advance was a pretty nice sum because Roger bought a Volvo with his share. <br />Sure, it sounded like a great idea at the time, but the actual execution didn't quite go as smoothly. Entwistle had a natural gift for writing and, unsurprisingly, turned in two better-than-average tunes, &quot;Boris the Spider&quot; and &quot;Whiskey Man.&quot; Keith Moon's two contributions are about as insane as his personality. &quot;I Need You&quot; is a nice enough song even though the drums are pushed WAY TOO HIGH up in the mix during the choruses. And &quot;Cobwebs and Strange&quot; sounds like a high school marching band on acid. However, it does feature a fierce drum break from Keith that is one of his most impressive showcases. Roger couldn't even muster up two songs and the one he came up with, &quot;See My Way,&quot; is very forgettable. Throw in a bland remake of &quot;Heatwave&quot; and four decent contributions from Pete, including his first ever stab at an extended, suite-like rock piece, &quot;A Quick One, While He's Away,&quot; and you've got yourself a very short, uneven album from The Who. <br />But the original album only takes up about half of the CD's running time. The other 10 tracks consist of the &quot;Ready Steady Who&quot; EP, some various B-sides and a few unreleased songs. These tracks range from novelty (&quot;Batman,&quot; &quot;Barbara Ann,&quot; &quot;Bucket T&quot;) to dark humor (&quot;Doctor, Doctor&quot;) to throwaways (&quot;In the City,&quot; &quot;I've Been Away) with a few classics (&quot;Disguises,&quot; &quot;Man With the Money.&quot;) <br />Far from an essential Who album, &quot;A Quick One&quot; does have some very good moments, but also contains some of the band's least insprired moments on record.
B00005BL2A|5.0|I had always considered Depeche Mode as one of those bands that I liked well enough, but not a band I was fanatical about. I had kind of figured after Violator thier best days were behind them. It wasn't until about a year ago when I purchased the Singles 86-98 that I realized how good thier recent work was, in particular, Ultra was. It made me realize that they keep getting better. With Exciter I have become a full blown fan and they would rank in my top 3 favorite bands. The music on this effort just blows me away. Freelove is one of the most gorgeous songs I have ever heard. In addition tracks like the single, Dream On, The Sweetest Condition, and I Feel Loved will assure I will be playing this for many years to come. A fantastic effort from a truly gifted band.
B000053NYB|3.0|Unlike a number of people, I won't comment on the historical accuracy of the movie.  That's not really relevant to whether or not I enjoyed the movie, since I didn't know any of the story beforehand.  <br /> This movie is about 2 hours 30 minutes, and I thought it should be shortened by about 30 or 40 minutes.  All of that time should come out of the beginning.  The first hour of the movie is spent giving background of the man's life.  There is no plot development in this first hour.  It's important, but largely uninteresting; I don't think they needed an hour for it.<br /> The story, once they start presenting it, is very interesting and the movie is well made.  A major flaw, though, is the evil-cop character.  He's the most one-dimensional character I've ever seen.  On the whole, I think the movie is certainly worth watching.
B00005B36H|5.0|This cd is perfect.It was worth the long wait. I don't have much more to say it's a tool cd so what do you expect.
6305807086|3.0|A very creative, original movie with some excellent dark comedy.  However it's creativity is also it's downfall as the originality puts limitations on how good and respected this movie can be considered.
B000001EEN|3.0|Look at the photo of Clapton on the back of this LP. You don't need anyone to tell you that he was in serious trouble.  Pete Townshend--to me, the most important figure in the history of Rock--seems to have pulled God from the edge of the abyss.<br />Clapton's voice is thin here, but full of the emotion that had driven him to the edge.  His playing is as intense as ever, though he often seems hesitant to let it loose.  Luckily, he is backed by one of the most impressive pick-up bands ever heard: Townshend, Ron Wood, Stevie Winwood, Rick Grech, Jim Capaldi, Jimmy Karstein, and good 'ol Rebop.<br />&quot;Layla&quot; is good, though the live versions are never as good as the perfect studio version.  &quot;Badge,&quot; on the other hand, is powerful, and some of the lesser-known stuff--&quot;Roll It Over,&quot; &quot;Key To The Highway,&quot; and Winwood's &quot;Presence Of The Lord&quot;--are particularly effective.<br />Townshend was a great believer in the Community of Rock.  He was the one who rush-released Who covers of Stones songs when Mick &amp; Keith were arrested, he was the one who booted Abbie Hoffman off the stage at Woodstock, because he wanted a Rock event, not a political rant, and he was the one who made this bid to dig Clapton out of a self-dug grave.  If you've read some of my reviews, you know I have the ultimate respect for Townshend, THE RAINBOW CONCERT is one reason for that respect.
B00005BL2A|1.0|I love Depeche Mode.  I like their great string arrangements, lyrics, productions, etc.  This album however is ....  I can't tell you how many ways it ....  Totally uninspired.  Junk.  This is a case of a successful group that has lost their edge and even though this will sell very well, it's only because of who Depeche Mode is and not on the merits of this piece of ....  Very very disappointing.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|never bought a kravitz cd (more of a hip-hop fan), but always loved his singles. this cd showcases an artist with potential for greatness and longevity...assuming of course that the other stuff that i havent' heard is even close to this. this is one of those &quot;alt-r&amp;b&quot; albums that non-rockers will love.
B000055Y0Y|3.0|Showing us he can still act, Eastwood turns in a great performance.  However, he showed up in terms of acting by the superior Malkovich.  Great overall movie.  Could have been 4 stars but I was turned of by the Eastwood-Russo relationship
B000002KNY|3.0|Although there is just too much dissonate junk (&quot;Drugs,&quot; &quot;Electric Guitar,&quot; etc.) here for me to rate it as great record, FEAR OF MUSIC has some great moments.<br />The first 7 tracks are all very good--I especially like Byrne's no-nonsense guitar at the end of &quot;Mind&quot;--and &quot;Life During Wartime&quot; is the ultimate gallows-goodtime record.<br />The shocker here is the fine-print on the back of the CD, which reveals that the entire album was recorded in two days in the spring of 1978.<br />Two days?!?  In 1978 it took Pink Floyd that long to find the On/Off switch on their synthesizers.
B00005B36H|5.0|Ah, Tool. Ive been waiting very long for this album and they blew me away. Lateralus is simply amazing. Its by all means there break through album. In order to get the full meaning and quality from Laeralus you must listen to the whole thing front and back,some songs remind me of older tracks like &quot;Push it&quot; and &quot;Hush&quot;.
1567184855|5.0|Dr Newton's work will appeal to those seeking answers to lifelong questions: who are we? why are we here? The case studies are structured intelligently, are revealing and full of insight for the well informed reader on the subject as well as for the novice. It is good reading and should not disappoint the true researcher. The topic will always be a challenge and Dr Newton has done it well.
B00003CWL6|3.0|If weren't for the great acting of Spacey this movie would have burned.  The plot is so uninteresting and lame I can't understand the great reviews.
B000001DQI|5.0|GOODBYE YELLOW BRICK ROAD is a Pop Masterpiece.<br />Elton John, for at least the first decade of his recording career, was an absolute genious of Pop, making more great singles in a shorter span of time than anyone in history.  <br />He was not, however, a Rocker in the classic sense, or the 1960s sense anyway.  That is, his focus was almost entirely on singles, with cogent, conceptual albums only an afterthought.<br />GOODBYE YELLOW BRICK ROAD is the perfect marriage of the two; a collection of masterful singles which form a loosely concieved world on one LP.  It is an album filled with winos, rednecks, loose women and losers worthy of a Stones LP, all held together with sweet melodies and some of the tastiest piano-playing ever heard on a Pop record.  Bernie Taupin, often accused of having the easiest job in Pop history--handing over lyrics to the melody-machine Elton--reached the absolute pinnacle of his career on this LP, Elton took the time to put each to a great tune, and Gus Dudgeon matched each song up with an ideal musical setting.<br />The only downside to this CD is that all of the great packaging that came with the orignal double-LP is gone or reduced to jewel-box size...
B00005ATZT|5.0|The noted Guru of screen writing Robert McKee described the chase as the purest expression of drama, from Hamlet chasing his own conscience to the Coyote chasing the road runner the chase is the purest expression of a dramatic relationship. That being the case The Fugitive must rank amongst the finest examples of pure drama. Though the drama seams principally a vehicle for potential clich in terms of chase and evasion The Fugitive does not for a moment fall into this trap. It does give you hi energy and dramatic action of the highest quality but never as in all great films in the way you might expect. The greatest performance in the film is undoubtedly that of the actor Tommy Lee Jones who provides us with a relentless, immensely strong yet believable character who applies himself with real energy at every opportunity. Tommy Lee Jones deservedly one an Oscar for this performance though the rest of the cast not least of which Harrison Ford provide excellent performances, including the director Andrew Stevens usual crew of Chicago Police friends. The Fugitive stands many repeat performances which puts it happily into that great bastion of films that people define as Classic.
0671510991|5.0|Although one of the most consistently prominent features in  Henry Kissenger's books is Henry Kissenger, DIPLOMACY is strengthened  by his approach and as a result covers these sweeping events without ever failing to allow us the understanding that each of these events and personalities helped to shape the geo-political world in which we are all living today. <br />This is a MUST READ for anyone interested in having a solid (though still hugley general - but a mouthful) understanding of the history and, more importantly, the rationale that crafted world political events and what the future may/can hold.<br />(Thank you Cassandra!)
B000007OY0|5.0|I have seen this three times and it gets better every time.  As much as I can't stand Tim Robbins, he does a very nice job here.  This is one of Morgan Freemen's finer if not finest works.
B000002KGT|5.0|Five fine musicians peaking musically, three young songwriters hitting their stride thematically, and two troubled couples bottoming out romantically, all at exactly the same moment in the same band, only months after making their entrance to the upper echelon of the charts with their previous LP.<br />How could RUMOURS miss?<br />There has never been a finer study of male-female interaction on vinyl, with the exception of Richard & Linda Thompson's SHOOT OUT THE LIGHTS, than RUMOURS.  Every base is covered, from both sides of the gender line, and no easy answers are given.  As in any devasting breakup--and, from all accounts, the splits of the McVies and Buckingham/Nicks were as intense as they come--fingers are pointed, nerves are frayed, accusations are made, and everyone gets the blame.  Apparantly a dreadful time for them all.<br />But for us, what a great, great record.  For all the destruction going on in the lives of individual members the band, as a band, just cooks. They surge and soar through \\"Don't Stop,\\" they throb and ache on \\"Dreams,\\" \\"The Chain,\\" and \\"Gold Dust Woman.\\"  <br />Nicks takes a timeout from the over-the-top pop-mysticism she displayed on FLEETWOOD MAC and submerged herself in after RUMOURS to deliver her best performance.  John McVie and Mick Fleetwood provide a rock solid bottom and Christine McVie, she of the endless stream of slow ballads, is nearly uptempo.<br />But the star of the hour, the true workhorse of RUMOURS, is Lindsey Buckingham.  From the opening lines of \\"Second Hand News\\" (\\"I know there's nothing to say, someone has taken my place...I'm never going back again\\") this LP swirls around his struggles at the end of his relationship with Nicks.  His guitar work, simply flash and finery prior to RUMOURS, is all about guts and lightning now.  <br />Despite all of the 'hope for the future' posturing propped up around Fleetwood Mac nostalgia these days, I've always considered \\"Go Your Own Way\\" to be their finest moment.  The firstfew moments of the tune are innocent enough--a steady strum from Buckingham's guitar, even a bit of acoustic harmony--but then something goes wrong:<br />\\"If loving you isn't the right thing to do...\\"  and McVie and Fleetwood enter, their drums and bass sounding like thunder on the horizon.  From there on out it is Buckingham's inner turmoil (\\"Tell me why everything turned around\\") and the band is just on fire in the chorus, full throated and full throttle.<br />There's a moment during the guitar solo when the band seems to be trying to hold itself together, to keep from flying off in so many directions, even Buckingham holds back to a few notes...and then the chorus, and this guitar break at the end that is so full of fire and grit and determination that it just brings tears to my eyes.   It's the hottest lead I've ever heard on a Pop hit, and it ends with a crash so powerful and so final that it changed my entire opinion of Lindsey Buckingham. <br />To me, \\"Go Your Own Way\\" is 3 minutes 31 seconds that sums up so much of the end of that mid-70s California narcissim, so much better than the Eagles ..., that it qualifies as one of the 20 greatest singles of all time.
B00005B36H|5.0|seriously, this album can't be described. it's just so different and original and deep and complex that in order to really know it, you have to buy it and listen to it several times. everyone here is saying, go buy it, it's the best thing ever. well let me tell you this, it is NOT for everyone. if you are a casual music listener, you will probably be turned off by the epic songs and confusing lyrics. if you are a real music fan who enjoys actually listening to music, then i can't tell you how good lateralus is. and for all those people who are whining about how long the songs are, well let me tell you, there aren't 13 songs on lateralus, because many of them run together. the songs disposition, reflection, and triad form one 22 minute long music marathon. for any regular person, a bore fest, but for someone who loves music, a complete joy. and if you're trippin' on acid or something, i'm pretty sure you'll have a freaky ride. tool has changed a lot since aenima, the most notable thing is that they say very few naughty words on this album, if any. it's hard to think of tool without a parental advisory. in that way, lateralus is more commercial. but the tripped out time signatures and the incredibly creepy final song show that tool is more original than ever. once again,  if you're only going to listen to this cd once, or one song at a time, just don't get it and leave it for someone else. if you just love music, real, unbridled, original music, this is the one and only cd you should consider buying.
B00005BL2A|5.0|After a decade of either retreading what they had already done (the often lovely Ultra) or what everyone else had already done (the rock-out-grunge-anthemic-opus Songs Of Faith And Devotion), Depeche Mode have finally worked through their &quot;problem years&quot; of David Gahan's drug habits and the departure of chief arranger/producer Alan Wilder.  They prove this to their legions of fans and the world with the brilliant, moving Exciter. <br />    Don't get me wrong... I love Songs Of Faith And Devotion (it was the album that got me hooked on DM) and Ultra.  I played them both to death and am attached to each and every note on those albums.  But I, and I have a feeling that the rest of DM's fans felt similarly, was worried that the DM gang had possibly dried up.  I couldn't have been more wrong. <br />    Exciter plays like the album it should - it's the kind of album DM fans should only dream of hearing.  Martin's songwriting, while familiar, still holds that element of surprise.  Take the tenth track, &quot;Breathe&quot; - a '50s sounding torch/blues song that finds Martin crooning softly about rumors, biblical images, and alibis.  Everytime we think we have DM pegged, Martin pulls something like this... it was country-tinged ballad &quot;The Bottom Line&quot; on Ultra and sweeping &quot;One Caress&quot; on SOFAD.  Meanwhile, most of the rest of the album plays with the texture of blues, goth, electronica, rock, and pop... something we expect from Martin. <br />   &quot;The Sweetest Condition&quot; uses a slide guitar over David and Martin's bluesy harmonies, and paints a gorgeously longing nighttime scene.  &quot;Goodnight Lovers&quot; is subtle, intense and moving, Dave's vocals adding just the right amount of nuance to the simple, downsloped melody line.  &quot;Shine&quot; is both beautiful and intense, and the chorus (&quot;You've been hanging from a rope of mediocrity/ Strung up by your insecurities...&quot;) is truly one of the highlights of this stunningalbum.  &quot;Freelove&quot; sounds like an instant DM classic, combining David's yearning vocals with a soft melody and arpeggiated guitar. <br />    Song for song, this is probably the most consistent album that DM has done since Violator and maybe even (my personal favorite) Black Celebration.  Each song sounds different from the one before it, and Exciter simply flows from one song to the next in the way that those two albums did.  The textures on Exciter (meaning the production, rhythm, and melody) remind me a lot of what Black Celebration would sound like if it were cross-bred with Violator.  I think a lot of the arrangements and keyboards sound like the harmonies used on Black Celebration (For instance, &quot;Comatose&quot; feels and sounds much the same way that &quot;World Full Of Nothing&quot; did - it breaks its verses and chorus into pieces with its bizarre harmonies; likewise, the easy-going riff on &quot;Freelove&quot; screams of &quot;Black Celebration&quot;'s swirling dissonances.).  But Violator is echoed in the content of Exciter's lyrics (love, devotion = sin, filth) and in the simplicity of the songs. <br />....  For my money, Exciter is a contender for &quot;the best DM album ever,&quot; along with Violator and Black Celebration.  And, in case you were wondering, its a great introduction to one of the most inventive, influential bands of the last 20 years. <br /> But give yourself time... Exciter grows on you.  Don't expect to love it the first time you hear it.  Exciter is a very subtle, slow-moving album - there's not a whole lot of shakin' goin' on here.  And the production may seem strange and out of place at first.  But once it works its magic on you (I'd give it 5 plays or so) be prepared to leave Exciter in your player for a while... Its simply fantastic.
B000059TPN|4.0|I was pleasantly surprised by this movie.  I expected a simple adventure movie, and while basically that's what it was, I liked it alot.  Ed Harris is so underrated it is a crime.
B00004ZDVQ|5.0|During the 1970s Stevie Wonder's success, both critical and commercial, was so great that it became monotonous and the butt of a thousand jokes.  A standup comic's act wasn't considered complete unless he did at least one imitation of Wonder giving an acceptance speech in every set.<br />All of the accolades Wonder received were deserved.  The level of writing and playing--remember, Wonder played the majority of instruments on the majority of his hits--is a cut above anything else on the charts at the time.  One reason people (like me) found it so easy to ridicule later Stevie Wonder records, like &quot;I Just Called To Say I Love You,&quot; is that his earlier work, most notably &quot;You Haven't Done Nothing,&quot; &quot;Living In The City,&quot; and &quot;Higher Ground,&quot; were just light years better.<br />Wonder didn't treat &quot;Musiquarium&quot; with the flippant, toss-away mentality so often found in Greatest Hits/Best Of packages.  The songs flow, one into the next, often merging seamlessly with not break in between.  Like everything else he did in the 1970s, this is a quality LP worthy of high praise.
6305205639|5.0|The DVD version is 100 times better, but the VHS is great too.  The picture quality is great even on video, and the concert performance is great, especially when they destroy the stage.  Buy this now, no matter what.  It's Metallica's best home video ever.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|Everyone gets Lenny Kravitz far too much slack for being a very influenced lyricist and composer.  His &#8220;Greatest Hits&#8221; proves that Lenny has a unique library of all types of music.  Lenny is a rocker at heart with heavy guitars on inspirational anthems like &#8220;Fly Away&#8221; and &#8220;Are You Gonna Go My Way&#8221; and even the sardonically poignant &#8220;Rock And Roll is Dead&#8221;.  Rock is not the only point of focus on the set.  &#8220;Again&#8221;, a Top 40 rock fixture proves maybe once and for all that Lenny is here to stay, is a touching pop rocker that combines lush strings, touching words on meeting that person that just got away and signature guitar hooks.  The man also shows his heart on lavish Motownish ballad of strings and funky guitar with &#8220;It Ain&#8217;t Over &#8216;Til Its Over&#8221; to mention the tender &#8220;Stand By Woman&#8221; plus mournful acoustic work of &#8220;Can&#8217;t Get You Off of My Mind&#8221;.  A great departure from the rock (soft and hard) is the techno dance beat (but no disco cheese) on &#8220;Black Velveteen&#8221;, oddly enough the last song on the CD. Could this be the future for Lenny?  It also could be something like the R&B slow groove &#8220;I Belong To You&#8221;. <br />I could write something positive about nearly every song on this album.  I must admit though &#8220;Mr. Cab Driver&#8221; only wins as a piece of poetry and loses momentum musically with a dull beatnik beat.  The only somewhat disappointing aspect on the album is the fact that some of his lesser-known album tracks didn&#8217;t make it to the set.  The one that really upsets me is the triumphantly passionate tribute to his mother Roxy called &#8220;Thinking Of You&#8221;.  Don&#8217;t let a few missed hits get to you this time.  There are still many great nuggets of music on this one that show who Lenny is and of course where he is going.  Lets join me on the journey and see him crank out another great decade of music.
B00000JZIK|4.0|You will probably never forget the name of Keyser Soze after seeing this.  A great modern &quot;who done it&quot; mystery/.
B000002UAR|5.0|It is simply inconcievable that any band could release an album so full of classic songs, stretching their creativity in so many musical directions simultaneously, include absolutely no clunkers whatsoever, make it appear to be an effortless production, and greatly expand what was already the largest fan base in musical history.<br />Yet the Beatles did it all with REVOLVER. What's even more amazing is that they hadn't peaked yet.<br />To truly grasp the times--the couple of dozen months when Rock &amp; Roll became Rock, hyperspacing from the 1950s to the 1960s--you need to sit down with a group of albums which took in everything around them and turned it into magic and, in the process, influenced each other to such a degree that they can almost be seen as seperate divisions of the same cultural army: the Beach Boys PET SOUNDS, Dylans HIGHWAY 61 REVISITED and BLONDE ON BLONDE, and the Beatles killer triptic RUBBER SOUL, REVOLVER, and SGT PEPPERS LONELY HEARTS CLUB BAND.<br />There are plenty of other good records out there, and even a few great ones from the same timeframe.  But everything else begins with those six LPs.
B000002JSP|2.0|what happened to the man with a female voice? I did not find any good songs in this ZEP album, except Fool in the rain. If you re a fanatical Zep fans, you might be saying that this album is a good one too,...but only for ZEP fans!
B00005214X|5.0|I have to say that although Paul is my favorite--while John runs a very close second--that George has been very capable of suprising me. I own the original black and white cover cd issue and feel that the new color cover adds a new take. On this cover George's eyes are staring at you. On the original his eyes are looking to the right. I'll do my best to highlight some of the best tracks here.<br />My Sweet Lord-  The sound comes through really clear on this one. The drums are the clearest improvement over the original sound. The piano also has more clarity to it. Damn! What a classic song! I am not a fan of the &quot;Hare Krishna&quot;chanting, but in this case it only adds to the overall vibe of the song.<br />Isn't It A Pity- Really should have been released as a single. A haunting piano intro with simple lyrics. It builds up as it goes along.<br />Let It Down- Quite a rocker! This one really sounds great with the remastering. It sounds almost like a lost clapton song. Plenty of horns backing it up, not unlike Savory Truffle from the Beatles (aka White Album) from 1968.<br />Let It Down (Track 12)- The stripped down version of this song. I think George added some additional guitar in 2000. It really almost sounds like a totally diferent song. The vocals seem to be from 1970 though.<br />My Sweet Lord  (2000)- Many people have seemed to critisize the re-working of this song. I think it is brilliant. It has a sitar intro to it and bluesy guitar. Sam Brown (don't know who she is but I'd like to find out more) sings lead at one point and sounds great. She almost sounds like a black female gospel-ish type of singer. George's vocals sound ok. He sounds a little weaker than he used to, but given the knife attacking looney in 1999, it's great he is around to make music at all. The slide guitar sounds as if it came off of Free As Bird. Although, it is much more subdued here.<br />These are just some of my favorites on the cd. The original jam on cd 2 is (at least I think) some songs recorded in 1971 on the occasion where George met John for the latters 31st birthday.<br />I can also recommend Cloud 9, George Harrison (self titled 1979 album and now hard to find), and Dark Horse: Best of George Harrison 1976-1989 (again, like George Harrison, out of print and hard to find). Let's hope George sees fit to remaster some CD's of his, or do a Wingspan-type double cd like Paul has just done.hink) some songs recorded in 1971 on the occasion where George met John for the latters 31st birthday. <br />I can also recommend Cloud 9, George Harrison (self titled 1979 album and now hard to find), and Dark Horse: Best of George Harrison 1976-1989 (again, like George Harrison, out of print and hard to find). Let's hope George sees fit to remaster some CD's of his, or do a Wingspan-type double cd like Paul has just done.
B000050FEN|4.0|I will always think of this movie when I hear someone say what's in the box?
6303022901|5.0|I loved the Joy Luck Club.  I really like it
B000000W6X|5.0|It is hard for a band like Massive Attack to piece together an album which would seem to have so many conflicting styles. But it is the juxtoposotion of these styles that makes Protection the best Massive Attack album there is. Starting off with the rythmic tones of &quot;Protection&quot; the album moves into different stages of life.<br />Protection has many styles incorporated into it, R&amp;B with the mixing magic of Tricky all constitute a great album. There are shifts between these styles, but they are done so well that you cannot even realise until halfway through the song. Protection is by far the best Massive Attack album.
B00000JQFM|4.0|I bought this originally only for the song 'always with me' and used to listen to this one in the walkman all the time. Then I realised the power of the other tracks here. My personal favs here are 'Ice 9' 'Crushing Day' and 'Circles' and not to forget the classic 'always with me'. I own this one on cassette, but would like to get the CD version so I can play this one in my car, this is good driving music. These songs are inspiring and motivating, I highly recommend this one.
B000031WD9|1.0|Only someone under the age of reason would enjoy something like else.  I wish I could give negatives
0060930187|4.0|The Bell Jar was a very good book. As I began reading it I was very interested, and as I proceeded into the book it became even more interesting. From the way that the book started out, I never thought that it would turn out as it did. When the main character, Esther, was introduced she seemed like a nice, very smart young lady that did no wrong. As I kept reading, until I finally came to the end, I realized that I was mislead and she had a lot of problems that you would not think someone like her would have. I really liked the way the author set up the story and the ending that she wrote for this particular story. The different kinds of people that you met throughout the story lead you to the understanding that Esther was different than most and did have some problems. While she was in New York everytime that one of her fellow contest winners would invite her to do something she would deny the invitation and either stay in her room and do nothing, or she would go out into the city and view the downside of it. I thought it was good for her to explore all aspects of the city, but she never wanted to do things with her fellow winners. It made the story really interesting and made me to not want to put the book down. I would refer this book to anyone whom likes stories that leave you confused when you find out that someone or something is totally different than what you had thought or was presented to be.
6300214826|2.0|This movie (along with Dark City) is one that people like to say is a masterpiece with complex,inspiring messages.  These people either need to stop pretending they are Stephen Hawking or watch more movies because this one is incoherent nonsense
B00005BL2A|4.0|This time out, Depeche Mode offer up a mellow batch of songs that aren't great, but they aren't bad. &quot;The Sweetest Condition&quot; appears to be a sequel to &quot;The Sweetest Perfection&quot; from &quot;Violator&quot; but &quot;Exciter&quot; is not as good as that cd is. It seems the band is retreading on songs like &quot;Dream On&quot; and &quot;The Dead Of Night&quot; because I found myself reminded songs from &quot;Ultra&quot; and &quot;Songs Of Faith And Devotion&quot;. Staunch Depeche Mode fans will probably not be disappointed and new fans may show some interest, but where did the hooks and melodies go? Depeche Mode used to turn out some memorable songs and now with &quot;Exciter&quot; it seems that spirit is lost. Dave Gahan's voice has never sounded better but where are the memorable songs? Is this the same band that gave us &quot;I Just Can't Get Enough&quot;, &quot;People Are People&quot;, &quot;Personal Jesus&quot;, &quot;Somebody&quot; and &quot;It's No Good&quot;?
0767830555|5.0|Excellent, Excellent, Excellent.  Great movie, even better DVD. Great features.  The best documentry I have ever seen.
B00005BL2A|4.0|Being a DM fan for an extremely long time, as soon as I bought their latest I popped it into my car and began to listen.   I have to say that the album is fairly mellow and a little slower than I expected but extremely refreshing.  It tends to grow on you the more you listen to it.  The songs do revolve around love and the lyrics are very sweet and sincere.  Martin sings on a couple which is always cool.  The best songs at this point to me are  \\"Shine\\", \\"The Dead of Night\\", \\"Freelove\\", and \\"I Feel Loved\\". Each of the four songs are quite different from the other. If you have been a DM fan from the beginning, you will like it. There is nothing not to like.  I look forward to seeing them live in July!!!
B00003CX8J|3.0|While three stars may not seem that big, I must admit that this is the best comic book to movie screen adaption ever.  Even better than superman
0451527712|4.0|Everyone is familial with Karloff's image of the lumbering,  living dead character of the Frankenstein movies but this icon of Americana beirs little resemblance to the true monster of Mary Shelly's imagination.  Frankenstein is more than a tell of gothic horror.  If that is what the reader is after any number of works by Steven King or Dean Koontz will suffice.  The story of Frankenstein however, is one of love, hate, seeking acceptance, madness and rage gone unchecked. Not only is Frankenstein a great read but it also has the distinction (at least to my knowledge) of being the only novel to be told from three separate points of view, Dr Frankenstein's, the Monster's (who goes nameless through the entire story), and a third unattached view of a ship Captain who finds himself to be the soul witness to the final conflict between the two. Few stories from this time period transport themselves to the present with the same amount of relevance as Frankenstein.  Anyone who doesn't find time to read this classic is cheating themselves out of a wonderfull story, that will mean much to them.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|I wish Amazon would allow negative ratings or at least give 0's.  This and Road Trip tie for worst movies of the 2000 year
014028009X|5.0|This is one of the best books I have read in a long time.  Bridget Jones' adventures with her friends and her romantic troubles are very well-written.  She is a very perceptively written character who does what all young singles do -- obsess over our weight, boyfriends, bad jobs, etc.  <br />If you like this book -- be sure to read the sequel - the Edge of Reason.
B00000IQC8|2.0|Perhaps this should be considered a cult film because the only people who claim to like this movie all fit the same description.  I just can't enjoy any of Smith's works.  I have seen to many films to give him the credit everyone else seems to do.
B00005BL2A|5.0|People that have stated DM has lost it's ability to produce a classic sound probably are not listening to the album long enough.  Especially since they're writing a review like that a day or two after the release.<br />This album will go down as an instant classic for two reasons... 1) the music and sounds they have produce in total DM way, which is never typical and 2) it marks a turning point to a more mature, subtle, and beautiful style of writing in both lyrics and instrumentation.<br />Dream On is the odd-ball single that DM is known for throwing out to the public before the album is officially released.  Personal Jesus, Barrel of A Gun, I Feel You... all of these are examples of songs that don't sound like the rest of the album that were release prior to the album.<br />Highlights of the album illustrating Martin's ability to maintain the level of quality instrumentation and production since Alan's departure include: Sweetest Condition, Freelove, I Am You, and Goodnight Lovers.<br />While putting some great catchy (albeit kind of slow) tunes they've also managed to push the levels of creativity with Comatose, Dead of the Night, and When the Body Speaks.  Martin has fun with lyrics in Breathe.<br />I Feel Loved will be remembered in the clubs as a great dance tune and a fun one to remix for all you DJ's out there! :)<br />Weakest tune on the album is Dead of the Night and I even like listening to that one just as a change of scenary every once in a while.<br />Buy this album and enjoy the subtlety this time. :)
6300183211|4.0|A fantastic movie. Would have been a five star, but o the horror, the horror what a score.  I know it was the 80's but the music and that synthesizer generated recurring theme is unforgivable
B00004YKUY|1.0|This album, the first without Steve Perry, was shocking to say the least. The songs lack the songwriting talent Journey fans have come to expect.  As far as the new lead singer he does sound similar to Steve Perry but that should not have been the case. I feel Journey should of taken the band in a new direction not steal the sound which fans expect from Steve P. As a fan since 1982 this album will be put where it belongs on the garage sale table.
B00003CXE6|5.0|Do I dare say I prefer this to Braveheart? I guess I just did.
B00005BL2A|4.0|When I first picked up this album and gave it a couple of listens, I tended to agree with some of the luke-warm reviews - it wasn't what I was expecting, a little too mellow, too much experimentation, etc.  What struck me after a couple of days was that I couldn't get some of the tunes and melodies out of my head! I've slowly realized, this is an outstanding album that re-emphasizes that fact the DM is a groundbreaking band that continues to evolve and produce music that is unlike (and infinitely better than) most of the [stuff] that's popular today. While the stripped down and sometimes experimental synth production takes some getting used to, David's vocal work is unquestionably his best yet. There are a few weak spots on this album (the two instrumental tracks are pretty forgettable in my opinion and I could do without the 1950s sounding &quot;Breathe&quot; and &quot;Goodnight Lovers&quot;) but there are plenty of great tracks as well.<br />&quot;Dream On&quot; is a catchy tune that should do pretty well on the charts. It wouldn't be a Depeche Mode Album without at least one energetic dance tune, and &quot;I Feel Loved&quot; fills that role nicely. &quot;When the Body Speaks&quot;, &quot;Freelove&quot; and &quot;I am You&quot; are great ballads that show a softer, less gloomy and more mature DM.  &quot;The Dead of Night&quot;, sounds like a Nine Inch Nails inspired track with DM's trademark gothic flavor thrown in.
6303471501|3.0|Decent movie, perhaps more aligned with a cult classic.  Excellent end scene. Unexcusable dubbing.
6304595247|5.0|This movie has been one of my favorite movies since it's debute in 1992 on TNT.  For years I have carried around my own copy (w/out commercials)on VHS.  The movie does an excellent job of going into the really disfunctional lives of the main characters and making us feel their loves...and hates!! This movie(as well as the book)is not the love story  it was betrayed as in the 1939 version of the film with Olivier.  It is a dark story of love and hate, revenge and deceit, and so many other sinister story lines that I felt this version was a classic! There is no sap falling from this story but you will feel many an emotion!! I can't wait to finally have my own copy!!PS I won quite a few bets on the Sinead O'Conner cameo...
6302054982|4.0|I don't care what anyone says, I will take this over the Godfather Series anyday.  However, I can't see how Pesci got such rave reviews for his performance when every 3 words was F&amp;$k
6301966562|5.0|One day Miles buys himself a state of the art computer. Things go well with it. Then the next day a neighboor moves in up stairs from Miles. Then one night when Miles was doing some testing on the computer and the computer goes overload and then a drink gets into the keyboard. Then the next day the computer starts to talk and fall in love with the girl that lives upstairs and learns what love is at the end you know what the computers name is and it's Edgar. At the end of the movie after all the whole cast is shown there is somthing crazy at the very end what happens at then end a question mark appers on the screen and says &quot;ELECTRIC DREAMS FINSHED&quot; and  then says &quot;no more?&quot; then it says &quot;TIME TO DISCONNECT&quot; then the computer says &quot;THE NED&quot; then the &quot;N&quot; is quickly replaced with &quot;THE END&quot;. Then everything disappers then you hear Edgar's voice lauging and says H-Hello? Hello? Good goodbye and the movie is over.
B00004W221|3.0|Enjoyable the first time, might have given 4 stars but every time I see it I don't know why I liked it so much the first time around.  My advice- watch it once
0140277447|1.0|While Chang emotionally insists that Japanese teachers don't teach children about Nanking or most Japanese don't know about this issue, as a  foreigner who actually spent many years in school in that country, I can clearly  say that is not true at all. ALL the Japanese know and learn about Nanking and other war crimes.<br />Also,  it is very clear that so many historical details are flawed and so many pictures are decoyed or forged in her book. But if you can not investigate into the current Japan, which you can do so easily with so many databases and other sources, how could you qualify your investigation into something that happened more than 60 years ago?<br />I don't think  Iris Chang was incapble of research. I'm afraid that she simply had no intention to pursue the truth of the history.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|I wish ... would allow negative ratings or at least give 0's.  This and Road Trip tie for worst movies of the 2000
B00003CXQY|2.0|This movie is really bad I got the 2 Disc Edition DVD,  I cant see Disc 2 in may Playstation 2! anyway the movie is not cool, boring and even insulting, the Great Ancient Incas must be angry in his Graves! Disney should make more research in that culture there are hundreds of tales that could be animated from Incas and they did a bunch of trash! I love disney but this time the movie was BAD, how you can compare this movie with the great movie Tarzan? and the characters really [are bad]! I feel really disapointen in this movie...
6305313687|4.0|If you want a long review there are plenty here.  I can't say anything new except for watch the color imagery that is compared in the opening scene and the final scene. You will see what I am referring to.
B00005B36H|5.0|As in you and I are on the same level, spinning together side by side.  Life and discovery and exploration and evolution are all a journey, and if it had a soundtrack, this album would be on it.  The songs are the sonic equivalent of the dissected man in the art book.  Each one is a layer, and the deeper into it you go, the more dissonant and unconventional it becomes.  It's hard to listen to it a bit at a time.  It almost begs to be sat through from start to terrifying end every time, right from the mechanical sound of a machine whirring to life that begins the voyage, straight through to the hysterical man mumbling about Area 51.  On Aenima they talked about stepping through the shadow as a means of evolution.  On Lateralus, they toss you into it and let you wander around to find your own way out.  No road signs.  No helping hands.  No hints.  As your cd player clocks the time going by on this disc, you may find me lost in there somewhere, among the sounds and discordant harmonies, unable and unwilling to find my way out.  I can't stop thinking about it.
B00004WIBW|3.0|For all that it's worth, Burton did a nice job with presentation of Sleepy Hollow. Perhaps the plot and dialogue could have been better if it didn't seem as if it was being forced,
B000000W5B|4.0|It was inevitable that, sooner or later, the Stones would record an album that didn't quite live up to expectations. By the time the world had gotten through digesting EXILE..., those expectations were extremely high. It didn't help that Keith, perhaps burnt out by long hours in the studio doing EXILE..., as well as his bad habits, seems to have largely phoned this one in. Sure enough, almost everybody jumped all over GOATS HEAD SOUP. Heard strictly on its own merits, though, I think GOATS... is a darn good piece of work.  With only a small contribution from Keith, the album leans heavily on Jagger for songs and Taylor for guitars. It also utilizes keyboards to a greater extent than most Stones albums. Nevertheless, the cuts here are very listenable.<br />&quot;Dancing With Mr. D&quot; is a solid rocker. Given its devilish theme, it suffers by comparison to &quot;Sympathy For The Devil&quot;. Rightly so.  But it's still not bad. &quot;Heartbreaker&quot; is a powerful song, although it's ironic to hear guys who employed Hells Angels for security at Altamont, getting a guy killed as a result, coming down on the NYPD. &quot;Coming Down Again&quot; and &quot;Winter&quot; are pretty ballads. The former, in particular, is Keith's moment. It also features some nice piano passages. &quot;Angie&quot; is a rather pretty song, as well, but that's one too many pretty songs for me, and Mick's vocal here sounds a bit gushy. Ballads aren't his forte, and he's better off giving them a no-frills treatment ( as with &quot;Ruby Tuesday&quot;, &quot;Backstreet Girl&quot; or &quot;Lady Jane&quot;). &quot;Silver Train&quot;, &quot;Hide Your Love&quot; and &quot;Can You Hear The Music&quot; are all good songs. I especially like the somewhat exotic sound of the latter. It's unlike anything else they've done and it grows on you (or on me, at least).<br />Then there is &quot;Star Star&quot;. This is at once the best and worst song of the bunch. It's a dynamite rocker (with a nod to Chuck Berry) driven by some wonderful rhythm guitar and a leering, sneering, all-out vocal by Mick. But the Stones had always walked a thin lyrical line in the past, using suggestive phrases and double entendre without descending to the openly vulgar. &quot;Star Star&quot; doesn't just cross that line, it obliterates it. Lyrically, the song is one long four-letter word. Further, it sets an unfortunately crude precedent for the future. And it's really not necessary. A little sublety would have worked just as well. It's not that I can't handle it. I'm a big boy. But my wife doesn't appreciate it, and I certainly don't want my ten-year-old daughter to hear it. So, I have to be careful where and when I play it, and headphones are usually called for. No airplay, either. A waste of a great song.<br />GOATS HEAD SOUP is an inevitable step down from its immediate predecessors, but it's still a very good album. There are plenty of bands around that would love to record something this good. Give it a try. I recommend it.ry) driven by some wonderful rhythm guitar and a leering, sneering, all-out vocal by Mick. But the Stones had always walked a thin lyrical line in the past, using suggestive phrases and double entendre without descending to the openly vulgar. &quot;Star Star&quot; doesn't just cross that line, it obliterates it. Lyrically, the song is one long four-letter word. Further, it sets an unfortunately crude precedent for the future. And it's really not necessary. A little sublety would have worked just as well. It's not that I can't handle it. I'm a big boy. But my wife doesn't appreciate it, and I certainly don't want my ten-year-old daughter to hear it. So, I have to be careful where and when I play it, and headphones are usually called for. No airplay, either. A waste of a great song.<br />GOATS HEAD SOUP is an inevitable step down from its immediate predecessors, but it's still a very good album. There are plenty of bands around that would love to record something this good. Give it a try. I recommend it.
B000056K04|5.0|I am a big fan of Dave, and have been for years.  I have read review after review dogging the new album.  I myself find it excellent.  If you do not like &quot;I Did It&quot;, do not let it stop you from buying the cd.  I admit that the song is a little different from the other Dave songs we all are use to, but it is the only one like it on the cd.  This is a great album and a must have for the DMB fan.
0385474547|5.0|I read this book in senior english and it took my breath away. It had my attention for page one. It really tells how things are in Africa and how they struggle just as we do. Yes they may have different customs but they are the same. This book is really touching and compelling. If I were to become a super-intendant over school I would make it mandatory that students would have to read this book. Some of you may not agree but when my teacher gave us two chapters to read one night I finished the book and was ahead of my class for two weeks. I now own a copy of this book and whenever I have children this will be a book I read to them.
B00005AR3G|5.0|Disney's outdone themselves with this one!  I won't go into plot lines in this review, others have already done that.  But the writers and animators have really let their imaginations loose, and the efforts have paid off big time.  The animation is excellent, the dialog is witty and comes at you at a fast and furious pace.  Thank goodness there's a &quot;rewind&quot; button on the remote because you'll have to go back to the dialog you missed as a result of laughing so hard.  The diner scene in particular will leave you in hysterics.  Tears were rolling down my face and I had to keep pausing the film!  Some people have mentioned that this movie reminded them of the old Warner Brothers cartoons because of its fast pace.  And I, too, find that it does but for a different reason:  I feel the movie was written primarily for adults.  Kids will like the story and animation, but adults will *really* get the jokes!  All the voice actors did an excellent job on this film.  I'm not a David Spade fan but I couldn't imagine Kuzco's voice belonging to anyone else now because Spade's deadpan delivery and his tone fit perfectly with Kuzco's personality.  Miss Eartha Kitt is wonderful (&quot;Pull the lever...WRONG LEVERRRRRRRRR!...&quot;), but so are Patrick Warburton and John Goodman.  <br />Some of the extras are a bit sugary sweet.  There's a Sting video, but it takes a while to get going as you must suffer through a featurette before viewing the video, and there's a silly little video obviously geared to young children that teaches you how to dance the &quot;Llama Llamma&quot;.  There's also a deleted scene that, once viewed, makes you grateful it wasn't included in the film...it's too dark and gloomy for the rest of the story.  <br />*THE* choice extra, however, is a game in which you must correctly answer questions about the film in order to get Kuzco from the village to his palace without being ambushed by Yzma.  The game is easy and there's nothing much to it per se, but the wonder is all the additional dialog that was recorded for Kronk (Warburton) and Yzma (Kitt).  This was no cheap feature and it took much time and talent to put together.  <br />One odd feature was the combination of spoken languages and subtitles.  Language tracks are English and French, but subtitles are only in English or Spanish.  Having all three languages in both formats would have been best, I think.  <br />Definitely worth purchasing.
B00005B36H|4.0|Tool is finally back... During the 90's if it wasn't for bands like NIN, Manson, and Tool I would've stopped listen to radio a looong time ago. So I rushed out and got Tool's latest offering Lateralus and came away satisfied and somewhat annoyed at the same time. <br />The good is Tool is back in fine form with a mix of Tool's trademark sound with a dash of A Perfect Circle thrown in the mix. Maynard's voice is without a doubt the most beautiful on the rock scene. And the band follows in suite with dynamic, disturbing, yet always beautiful music that only Tool can perform. Its going to be a shame though since Tool's music will be drowned out by all the bullsh!t music today. <br />My only grip is all the wierd songs that make no sence at all. So dont ecpect 13 great songs as I did... Thats the only negative I can give Lateralus, so if you are a Tool fans or just looking for something unique go get Lateralus right now.<br />Note... If I could give a 4.5 I would.
B000006U44|5.0|Sorry folks, but Tori Amos and Sarah Mc. just don't hold a candle to the ORIGINAL - Kate Bush.  Sure this album has some happy ditty numbers - &quot;James and the Cold Gun&quot; - sounds Elton John inspired - and &quot;Kite&quot;, but when you get to the meat of the album - the sensual stuff, you understand.  Always listened to this when &quot;love came to town&quot; in my heart.  &quot;Oh to Be In Love&quot;, &quot;L'Amour Looks Something Like You&quot;, &quot;Room for the Life&quot; and &quot;The Kick Inside&quot; are just brilliant.  Lust, sexual encounter and impending birth from the single female perspective way before it was &quot;cool&quot; to be a single mother. &quot;Oh by the time you read this I'll be well in touch...&quot;
B00005BL2A|3.0|Alright, i know depeche mode has been around for some 20 years now.  This is their first album in four years, and it sounds very mellow, and at times hard to tell apart from their other songs.  There are some good tracks on here, but Exciter is probably not the word i would use to describe this album.  They go into different areas of music, going places where people their age wouldnt want to go, but it sounds like they've matured and has a more mature feel to it.  This is because they have gotten older.  Unlike U2 though, they havent totally tried to recreate their image. i dont know if thats a good thing or a bad thing.  This is definately an album for Depeche fans, and a couple of the tracks are worth checking out even if you arent.  Be sure to check out my other reviews! thanks.
B00005BL2A|2.0|First let me clarify that I LOVE DM and have since 84.  Perhaps that is the root of the problem I have with their latest album.  The things that make DM great are missing.  Dave's once powerful and unique voice has been manipulated by a vocal coach and clearly represents some level of conformity of what constitutes a &quot;good voice.&quot;  The once insightful, socially aware and cynical lyrics have completely vanished.  The sappy love songs and cheesy addiction themes on this album are played out and represent an either uninspired Martin or a group of once prolific old men whose children have sucked their creativity.  Some of these songs are simply ridiculous. The time signatures and meter of these songs are tired and unimaginative.  And finally, the once cohesive Depeche Mode album has given way to a collection of someone else's vision.  It is clear and painfully obvious that when Depeche Mode produces the album, or at least part of it, its good.  When someone else does, as is the case with this one, it lacks DM's thumbprint - and without that, there's no point in calling it Depeche Mode.
B00005AR3G|5.0|THE EMPEROR'S NEW GROOVE is the funniest movie that I have seen in years. I initially had passed on watching it in the theater because I thought it looked childish, but was convinced to give it a try now that it was out on video. Boy, was my initial impression wrong.<br />The story revolves around a selfish prince who is turned into a llama by one of his subjects. With the help of a kindly peasant he attempts to regain his throne, and in the process finds there's more to him than he previously thought or wanted there to be. While the moral is a good one, it really plays a secondary role to the comedy, which is literally non-stop. GROOVE takes the rapid-fire humor that Disney perfected in Aladdin and combines it with cartoon-style hijinx, the wit of David Spade, and a hilarious lack of reverence for the traditional Disney animated genre. Spade plays his role to perfection, and luckily never crosses the line into being obnoxious. Seinfeld fans are in for a treat, as Puddy plays a very special side-kick role. You really can't take your eyes off the screen for a minute, because you're guaranteed to miss a gag of some sort. The humor works mainly on an adult level, even though kids will be rolling from the funny visuals and some of the more obvious jokes.<br />The DVD itself is a good one. The digital transfer was excellent and the sound quality is top notch. The commentary track is one of the better that I've heard, with interesting and funny insight from all contributors. Animated menus. There's a deleted scene that was probably best left out, but is interesting to watch anyway, plus a few other fun features.<br />In the end, this is one of the best Disney flicks to come along in years. Hardcore Disney fans will eat it up. But even if you're not a fan of Disney's usual animated features you should give GROOVE a shot. Cast aside your pre-concieved notions and you just might be in for a very pleasant surprise. I was. FIVE STARS.
B00005BL2A|2.0|First let me clarify that I LOVE DM and have since 84.  Perhaps that is the root of the problem I have with their latest album, Exciter.  The things that make DM great are missing.  Dave's once powerful and unique voice has been manipulated by a vocal coach and clearly represents some level of conformity of what constitutes a \\"good voice.\\"  The once insightful, socially aware and cynical lyrics have completely vanished.  The sappy love songs and cheesy addiction themes on this album are played out and represent an either uninspired Martin or a group of once prolific old men whose children have [taken] their creativity.  Some of these songs are simply ridiculous. The time signatures and meter of these songs are tired and unimaginative.  And finally, the once cohesive Depeche Mode album has given way to a collection of someone else's vision.  It is clear and painfully obvious that when Depeche Mode produces the album, or at least part of it, its good.  When someone else does, as is the case with this one, it lacks DM's thumbprint - and without that, there's no point in calling it Depeche Mode.
B00005A1PR|4.0|It took me four music stores to find one that wasn't sold out of this CD.  &quot;Brown skin&quot; is hot hot hot.
B00003W8NM|5.0|It is far too easy for the general populace to misunderstand this movie, I guess.  So many people seem to be missing the point - indeed, *any* point - that this movie could be making, instead complaining about the violence and nihilism.  Could it be that the message actually *did* hit home, but most people were so let down - or ticked off - by it, that they decided it wasn't there?<br />This movie is the flipside of &quot;American Beauty,&quot; another great film in which anarchy is used as an escape from the drudgery of life.  &quot;Beauty,&quot; though, was praised and celebrated, while &quot;Fight Club&quot; shunned.  Why?  The answer may be quite simple:  &quot;Beauty&quot; actually encouraged such behavior, appealing to the modern mantra &quot;if it feels good, do it.&quot;  Consequences were ignored, leaving one feeling that this was the right thing to do.  &quot;Fight Club,&quot; on the other hand, took that mantra to it's natural, disturbing end.  As Edward Norton yells late in the movie &quot;You morons!  You're running around in ski masks, blowing stuff up!  What did you expect?&quot;  While &quot;Beauty&quot; was a call to freedom, &quot;Fight Club&quot; was a call to moderation.  People are afraid to deal with consequences, though, therefore they focus on everything else.<br />As for the violence, this is no worse than any boxing movie I've ever seen, with the exception of two gun-related wounds and one severe beating.  And from &quot;Raging Bull&quot; to &quot;Rocky,&quot; not a complaint has arisen.  Why now?  Because there's a message involved.  What I don't understand is how a film like Kubrick's &quot;A Clockwork Orange,&quot; is considered a challenging, thought-provoking classic, when it's even *more* disturbing and over the top.  At least &quot;Fight Club&quot; doesn't feature any giant genetalia.<br />Everything involved in this movie is top notch, from Edward Norton's bored, cynical narration to David Fincher's visually stunning direction.  Indeed, this film has such a bizzarre energy, warping in and out of speed and giving new meaning to the phrase &quot;extreme close-up.&quot;  There's enough here to please most people looking for something new in film.<br />The most wonderful thing about this movie is the witty, literate screenplay by Jim Uhls, based on the equally stunning novel by the Vonnegut-like Chuck Pahlnuiuhk.  Mixing humor, action, and subtle (and not-so-subtle) philosophy, this just might be the most quotable movie of the year.<br />Now, for the DVD.  When a movie is the reason you buy a DVD player, that says something.  When said movie is actually *worth* the DVD player, that says even more.  Wonderful for fans, this movie gives some wonderful behind the scenes material and stories.  Especially fun is the alternate audio track with Fincher, Norton, Brad Pitt, and Helena Bonham Carter (though her track was recorded seperately).  It's obvious the bond Fincher, Norton, and Pitt made during the shooting, given the relaxed atmosphere of this audio.  More than once a story is told about a botched take, and like kids in a candy shop, Norton and Pitt beg Fincher to put it on the DVD.  Jokes fly, complaints about the negative reviews, thoughts on the movies themes, and this is never dull to listen to.  This is far more then can be said about some other movies (&quot;Hollow Man,&quot; for instance; could anyone take such a fluff movie more seriously?)  Personally, I can't wait to get back and listen to screenwriter Uhls and author Pahluniuhk duke it out!<br />Much like &quot;Clockwork Orange,&quot; this movie disturbed me, entertained me, made me laugh and think.  Unlike that classic, though, this is one I feel I can show my little brother, or my parents, and watch numerous times myself.<br />Check it out.
B00005BL2A|5.0|My first reaction was a surprise. With each of their latest releases starting with &quot;Songs of faith...&quot; (by latest I mean within last 7 years), Depeche Mode reveals something new and unheard of... While their 80's glamorous beat is still heart-pounding, they also realize that as time goes by, music can't stay the same. &quot;Songs of Faith..&quot; introduced us to a darker and more cynical side of the band. Songs like &quot;One caress&quot; and &quot;In your room&quot; are still among my favorites... &quot;Ultra&quot; was a 90 degree turn, as they employed more bluesy rhythms, while still staying within depressive song themes.<br />With &quot;Exciter&quot;, Depeche Mode again introduces something fresh. Don't really know whether it's more bright lyrics or a steer in musical direction, but this is definitely not what I expected. The only downturn is Graham's vocals. I truly expected him to sound more solid. Overall, excellent album!
0064431789|3.0|I've been a fan of Maurice Sendak since I first saw his illustrations (which are, quite frankly, everywhere). This book, however, although a classic by any standard, just doesn't do much for me. <br />I must agree with an earlier reviewer who found Max to be a snotty monster. Sure, it's supposed to make a point, but it seems that, rather than come to some internal resolution that changes his behavior, Max is instead rewarded for his awful attitude. Yes, yes, I get it, but it doesn't mean that your kids will.  This is easily the sort of book that typically wins Caldecott medals: something that adults get excited about, but something that just doesn't do much for kids.<br />Buy it if you must, but buy it for the art.
B00005B36H|5.0|FINALY!!! The New TOOL is released on the unsuspecting universe! Lateralus come 5 years after the bands last epic, Aenima, and is well worth the wait! The band is more experimental and breath taking then ever! Lateralus sees more musical experimentation and more complex subject matter. This is the real deal! this is not your dime a dozon band of posers in red caps! This band is 4 visonary composers ready to expand your mind and leave you in awe! Word's can't describe the brilliance captured in the 76 minutes of this album!
0789723107|5.0|This is a very good book for somebody who is new in Web usability field. Useful for web developers, designers, project managers and marketing guys. Common sense approach, easy to read, understand and practise. (Much better than &quot;Web pages that suck&quot;, which just gives some bad examples of web usability)
B00000IFWE|4.0|Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers album &quot;Echo&quot; is about what you'd come to expect from this band.  Workmanlike and with a few standout songs, there is not a single moment that is either truly great or truly awful.  &quot;Free Girl Now&quot; is a single the band might have recorded in 1981 or so, while the opening cut &quot;Room at the Top&quot; is the kind of slow song Tom perfected on his solo album &quot;Full Moon Fever.&quot;  By this point in his career, Petty has worn a groove for himself that he rarely strays from.  He may get a little adventurous sonically with songs like the title track or &quot;Billy the Kid,&quot; but he'll never stray far from home.  If you're a fan of the Heartbreakers, this album will not disappoint you.
0767824571|5.0|So, where to begin, i could say 'this is a classic' and 'best movie ever' BUT I WONT! This film is the film that is funny to everyman on the planet. Monty python at there best and for me, it doesnt get any better than that!<br />The sketches become a film without you even noticing, i have seen it many many times and i see something new every single time. What makes python great is you never know what they are thinking so everytime you see a scene you see it in a different way. The nights who say ni are perhaps the most famous, but lets not forget 'roger the shrubber' or the gorilla turning the pages of the book... the black night... the three headed knight... the professor... or the wedding... i could do the whole film right here for you but you know what, i wont, go and buy the DVD, ESPECIALLY if you havent seen the film, where have you been?
B00005K3O4|3.0|I am sure this movie is familiar to any horror genre loving person.  Its a b movie for sure, but one that is hard to say no to.  Not for its special effects or stellar acting, mind you, but for its shear laughable plot.  Killer Klowns come to a small town to wreak havoc with their popcorn guns and to drink blood from their captives, who are spun in cotton candy cocoons.  And though you may find yourself snickering, you can't turn it off.  I personally love this movie and couldn't resist the low price tag attached to it.  The DVD itself its nothing spectacular, average sound and picture quality and no extras out of the ordinary.  But what did you expect, although you may like the movie, you couldn't have expected them to put alot of money or effort into it.  Its a B movie, but with an A attraction all its own.  If you like, buy it, its worth it.
B00003CXRM|3.0|I'm not convinced its a classic. The key to this film is the music, and if you hate the music you hate the film. I went to see this movie at the cinema and i loved it, in fact i went back. The directors have put together a montage of colours and images that will im-print themselves in cinemas' hall of fame. I was excited about the release of the film on dvd and bought it on the day of the release, the extra features are minimal, and think they are a lot funnier and impressive than they actually are and the menu is just annoying.<br />The film does have its ups, george is suprisingly good, so good in fact that the critics forgot to actually watch him closely enough to see he is playing a very easy part, with pretty much the same lines repeated over and over in a different order, hair, treasure, hair, wife, moeny, hair. And whilst he babbles on about hair nets (which at first is pure genius but soon rather stupid), the story takes it time to meander through a 'musical' type structure which to be fair is predictable and unbelievable. Paradies to 'homer' will be made, and to be fair i think thats fair, after all the coen brothers announce at the the beginning that the story is based on homer!! <br />Moments to watch out for: The orical figure on the tracks isnt new but sure hits the spot that the rest of the film wanted to focus on! A wonderful musical  rally, on an epic level. And a nice moment at the end with a dog... you'll have to wait and see.<br />Perhaps a rent is a better idea, buy it if you like it the DVD is a good quality.
078062999X|5.0|Though this film attempts to take on some aspect of &quot;big hoolywood movie&quot; having famous actors and the like (i.e. Robin Williams, Billy Crystal etc.), this may be its only downfall (Robin Williams, though his part is small, is noticably not for Shakespeare). Kenneth Branagh is so exceptional at portraying Hamlet that any shortcommings of the movie fade. He is by far the best Hamlet I've seen (and I've seen many performances). He does not overact, as many do when reading Shakespeare. He makes Hamlet a human, a man despite the words he speaks, which are not typically expressed in general conversation. If only to see his performance should you see this movie. This is not the only draw though; the visuals and interpretation of the text make this my favorite version of Hamlet's performance yet.
B00003CXRP|4.0|Ok, i didnt give it 5 because, well it wasnt quite right. I dont know what it was but it wasnt quite perfect-maybe it was the end, but i will say no more becuase there are some poor souls out there who havent seen an otherwise gripping movie.<br />Hanks is, hanktastic and didnt let me down at all, who else in holliwood could they throw onto an island and say 'go ahead to your thing', there was a 2001 esque quality about a wonderful 30 minutes in which hanks doesnt say a word, and in some ways the arrival of wilson, his only friend - a volley ball is a shame. I laughed more than once at hanks' antics, especially when he is fishing! <br />Highlights are plentiful if you let yourself get involved, dreamworks once again work their magic, surely the biggest power in holliwood at the moment?! The best plane crash in the history of cinema, i hope it's as good on the small screen!<br />I admire hanks for a wonderful porformance, shame about a certain 'father to a murdered son', Russell Crow. If you havent seen it you should. Tom hanks and dreamworks come together to produce a blockbuster with a bit of guts and a lot of heart.<br />bravo.
0553278223|5.0|I gave this novel a five out of five because i think this book is a great science fiction novel.  This novel leads the reader through journal like chapters and explains all misterious things that could happen if the human race tries to colonize Mars.  This novel gives the senerio that we are not alone in the universe.  Earth sends a shuttle to Mars, hoping to colonize it.  After a few weeks on Mars they lose radio contact.  To find out what happend to the first crew, and of coarse see if we can start colonizing on Mars, they send up a second team.  The second team lands and finds out there is life on Mars.  When they land they expect a huge welcome, but did not even get a smile from the martins if they looked at them.  They start talking o the martians ask who they could talk to about the significance of their journey.  They end up finding that person to talk to and he does nothing.  Like he heard it all before.  So he gave them a place to stay, which the astronauts soon found out that it was an insane asylum and later were killed.  The novel continues on with stories just like this one and leaves the reader in suspense.  I hope this will help your decision in whether or not to read this novel.
0767849493|5.0|this is the funniest movie in years. it has a nice spoof on religons. if you are a strict catholic you might get offended by it but if you are not uptight about religons you will love it
B00005JCAA|5.0|Brad Pitt plays his stiff &quot;in a body&quot; experience very well.  Character development and plot very well done.  I could listen to Anthony Hopkins talk for hours on end.  Not to be missed!
B00003W8NM|5.0|i am sorry to infringe a momentous ordinance and talk about fight club.by the way i dont have esoteric reviews like other pals.i just wanna say this film is really good.i like twist in flicks and this got best u will meet.
B00005JCA9|5.0|Who can resist a love story, no matter how predictable and frustrating!  The chemistry, plot, character development and everything is just great...don't miss this one!
B00004YA66|5.0|very creative and well-made thriller.it is surprising viewers.when u leave cinema(or closes dvd/video/vcd)u are thinking it is worth paying 2 $(or renting or buying).for third dimension flick-buffs.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|What can I say that the others haven't? I've been a Maiden fan since '82. I may be well into adulthood and bought off by the &quot;system&quot;, but I'm 15 years young and without a care in the world when I crank this to &quot;11&quot;. Long Live the Children of Eddie!
0743200799|4.0|This account from Gene Kranz should be considered one of the comprehensive mission operations viewpoints from Mission Control (the other being Murray/Cox \\"Apollo, the Race to the Moon\\")for the Mercury, Gemini and Apollo era...many new \\"insider\\" gems are presented here for the casual manned spaceflight reader or the spaceflight buff, all told in \\"rah-rah\\" patriotic prose. To say that Kranz's heart was and always will be in Mission Control is an understatement. After reading this, his whole life, it would  appear, is centered around his role as Flight Director. And what a life it was! Uncommonly unique details of the mission planning, training and performance abound here...reading of the training for Apollo 11, how the 1201 and 1202 computer alarms while performing powered descent were simulated on the last training day prior to the mission were priceless...nowhere would you get this level of detail (unless another Flight Director [other than Chris Kraft] writes his memoirs) and the unique telling of it. Kranz's opinions of his controllers and Flight Director peers are also unique in that no-one else could submit what it was like working with these people and for this program day-to-day like him. This is a quick and easy read with lots of unique information that should be counted with the many existing accounts that are \\"required\\" manned spaceflight reading.
B0000024JN|5.0|I was recently going thru all the old school selections, evryhting i loved in the early and mid 80s, all the classics and i realized that i really couldnt sit thru most, RUN DMC etc., though they were gods then i just cant listen to their first albums now, but the beastie boys beats are eternal. This is their best album, my favorite is Paul Revere. A must have Cd in your old school rap as well as rock collection.
0312263511|3.0|This is a pretty light (and light-hearted) account of one of the most experienced astronauts in NASA history. Really, just a re-hashing of the program and the space race with only a few new details (Gemini space-walking problems...Apollo 17 details). This only serves as a decent compliment to Chaiken's &quot;Man on the Moon&quot; and pales in astronaut biography to Lovell's &quot;Lost Moon&quot;. Not a totally bad read, but not great history either...
B000003489|1.0|Golly. All my friends rant and rave about John Coltrane and how good he is.  He just knows how to play really fast.  His solos sound like he is making them up as he goes along.  This guy needs to take some lessons from some real sax masters like Kenny G. He also needs a cool hair style like Kenny G.  I heard his friend Eric Dolphy, and he really [is'nt good], too...
068485015X|5.0|This book has given me the most fabulous insight into myself and my own unrealistic expectations of love, myself, and relationships. It has really opened my eyes to the work I have to do within MYSELF in order to be fully able to get into and stay in a relationship over the long term. I think my life will be forever changed.
0671042858|4.0|I picked up Stephen King's &quot;The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon&quot; to see how well the author's work hewed to the writing advice he gives in &quot;On Writing.&quot;  Pretty well, it turns out.  As a bonus, I liked this story.<br />The simple premise revolves around a nine year old lost in a huge woods with only her wits and a few supplies to sustain her.  Her wits devolve upon Red Sox pitcher Tom Gordon, her favorite player, whose image accompanies her.  The imagined Gordon provides the inner voice she needs to meet the challenges of the deep woods and her own mind.  Of course, there also lurks the unknown terror at the edge of the wood, but from King's reputation I assume that this nemesis provides much less horror than is usually found in his more famous works.  Rather, the unknown terror provides suspense and a motivating force that this child must deal with.  More would give away the crux of the story.  Suffice to say the reader won't be disappointed by the end of the book.<br />Simple, but King's excellent writing sustains this simple premise over two hundred and fifty odd pages.  His character development is wonderful -- one feels the little girl's (Trisha)emotions as she confronts her trials.  His dialogue (in flashbacks) feels real and the whole story is believable.<br />This book works and is an excellent quick read.
B000056K04|2.0|As a huge DMB fan, I was eagerly awaiting their next release. Unfortunately, when it finally came I was extremely disapointed. I never thought DMB would sell out, but they did...DMB decided to abandon their fans so they can appear on TRL more often... hopefully they will come to their senses soon and release the album that should have been with tracks like grey street and bartender.
B00004XONN|2.0|This is the album that has come very close to ruining Radiohead for me.  \\"Amnesiac\\" will have to be damn good to rescue my interest in the band.  \\"Pablo Honey\\" was great, \\"The Bends\\" was exceptional, and \\"OK Computer\\" amazing, but \\"Kid A,\\" seems to be nothing to me except perhaps a subtle way to make fun of the record buying public...  Is that why the album was originally going to be entitled \\"The Emperor's New Clothes\\"?  Because it's not actually there at all?  If not that then Radiohead really [messed]up.
0679879269|4.0|The anticipation I felt leading up to the release of &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot; was huge.  I had read the first two books of the series, but the third book seemed to take forever to come out. And when it finally did, my friend took forever to finish it.  But when I finally got my hands on it, I couldn't put it down.  The twists and turns the book takes will keep you guessing up until the very end.  And some parts of the book will bring you to tears- when they travel through the land of the dead and the ending.      As I finished the book, I wished it wouldn't end, especially the way it did.  The book didn't end the way the other two did, with complete uncertianty, but with a decision, that you will always remember.  The fragile relationship between Lyra and Will is taken to a new level, and done so at the right time and place.  You will even find yourself rooting for the bad guys at the end, because, ultimately, they do the right thing.  If you liked Pullman's first two books, this one won't dissapoint.
0140288503|5.0|Always being interested in how wars actually are, I was very eager to read Black Hawk Down.  It opened my eyes to what war actually is and made me rethink my impressions of our Army.  For anyone even remotly interested in warfare this is a great book to read.
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park is on of the bst artist right now. Every song on this cd is good. I am going to buy there next cd too. Its worth it.
B00005BL2A|1.0|Being really objective here, as I am a big fan and will go to the show when they are in town.... <br />One good song, one or two ok, the rest almost unlistenable. Considering this project and Ultra makes me wonder if Depeche has anything left to say. Hard to believe that 3/4 of the band that built Black Celebration was involved in this.
1555175163|5.0|Sifu Heimberger takes us on a trip into the private life of one of the worlds most legendary martial artists in history. Through stories told by his youngest son (Ip Ching) we learn  lessons that were kept private from the rest of the world for decades. Lessons that teach not only true wing chun, but also of life. This book treats Grandmaster Ip Man with the respect and honor he deserves.
1577311523|5.0|As a contemporary mystic, without much encumbrance of any religious tradition to speak of, Eckhart Tolle gives us as clear an exposition into the experiential reality of the true physics of Time as one could wish for.<br />As a long-time dabbler in physics and mysticism myself, it seems the more I dabble the more I become convinced that a major common denominator among mystics of all flavors is that they have experienced a revelatory insight into the true nature of TIME, as discrete moments each of which is a complete and freshly created universe unto itself.  <br />Surprisingly, some physicists such as David Deutsch in 'The Fabric of Reality' will describe essentially the same thing, even without having evidently any subjective experience of it whatsoever (e.g. &quot;Time does not flow.  Each moment is an instance of another Universe.&quot;)  Some acquaintance with physics and physicists has impressed upon me how little is really known about Time per se, as opposed to, for example, Gravity. (e.g. physicist Paul Davies' book 'About Time')<br />It is interesting, and even, ahem, enlightening (hehe), to me to listen to Zen master Dogen's essay 'Being-Time' after reading Eckhart Tolle. For example at the mp3.com artist site 'freedharma', there is a copy of Dogen's 'Being-Time' essay.  Or check out Gary Snyder's audio recording of Kaz Tanahashi's Dogen translation 'Moon in a Dewdrop'.
B00005BL2A|3.0|Describing the new album in one word would be....mellow.  If your looking for something to get you pumped up for a night on the town, remiscent of the &quot;Music for the Masses&quot; or &quot;Violator&quot; offerings...youll be dissapointed.  Exciter offers two of the better ballads/anthems in recent DM discography...in &quot;Shine&quot;, and &quot;Freelove&quot;.  You won't hear frontman Dave Gahan sound any better than he does on &quot;Exciter&quot;.  However, for the first time I can honestly say that there are a couple of songs that I dislike,  which is a first for me when it comes to any DM song. &quot;Comatose&quot; is rather annoying, it has no flow or rhythym, this sounds like and &quot;experimental&quot; track of some sorts.  Other songs do grow on you, like &quot;Dead of Night&quot;, it starts out kind of..umm...err..&quot;dorky&quot;, the opening lyrics seem like they were written by a 16 yr. old, but the combination of the pulsing techno groove and Gahans vocals make it a sleeper on the album. Anyway, to finish this review up...I wouldnt recommend this for casual listeners or those looking for a trip down memory lane...however, longtime fans/supporters I believe will enjoy this offering, not among their best, but good none the less.
B00005B36H|5.0|Oh how sad I was when I first began to listen to Tool about 4 years ago, not that it was bad, but I depressed because I hadn't realized how great they were earlier. I have eagerly awaited this new release since I first finished listening to Aenema.    In previous albums Maynard's lyrics have been quite blunt and he wasn't afraid of offending anyone...Maynard has maybe not grown, but followed a very logical path to attain the much more soft, but moving lyrics and vocals in Lateralus. Maynard, thank the fates is not the only great part of Tool. Adam Jones makes his presence known with guitar riffs that seem to morph and intertwine with the rest of the music creating a musical landscape that is euphoric. Justin Chancellor plucks his bass lines expertly in sync with the rest of band. Chancellor not only plays along but creates room for himself with sound that is not so much heard, but felt. Finally, Danny Carey's drums provide more than the backbone beats, but a significant influence on the entire mood of each song.    The music in general has a quieter disposition than the previous albums, but be not fooled my friend because quiet doesn't necessarily mean one won't be moved by this work of art. The only thing one could possibly say negative about this 79 minute epic is that the songs seem to follow certain formula which creates songs that can sometimes sound identical. This is not new with Tool, however and I believe that it's more a theme than a formula because this has appeared in the past. For example Undertow was the religiously provocative and rough albume which established the band's alt. metal/rock niche. Aenema had moving bass lines that began quite a few songs (H., 46 & 2, Jimmy).    To sum it up, this album is deserving of praise from every person on the earth, solely because of Tool's courage to innovate and proudly release albums that explore untouched regions of music. It is not just an album for previous fans, but also for fans of other progressive rock bands i.e. King Crimson, Led Zepplin, Black Sabbath, Alice in Chains, Nine Inch Nails, and the Deftones.
6303212379|5.0|Let me begin by saying that &quot;Goonies&quot; is by far one of the best movie of all time. It is appealing to all generations. It is every kids dream to break away from their parents and pursue their dreams, however far fetched.  Every young boy dreams of running away, fighting pirates and being the hero. This movie has it all.  It shows life from the view of a normal kid having the courage to do what all kids wish they could.  In the midst of murders and hidden treasure when all the kids get scared and what to go home, Mikey (Sean Austin) reminds them that &quot;this is our time, down here, no parents...,&quot;. The Goonies will be popular for generations to come.  Although the plot is a complete fantasy, there is a lesson to be learned.  It teaches kids to follow their dreams and do what they know in their hearts is the right thing.  It also teaches parents that just because kids are young and inexperienced, doesn't mean what they have to say isn't important.  Adults sometimes have a hard time admitting that their kids may be right and they may be wrong.  I won't tell what happens in the end, but if you haven't seen it, it's a must!!
B0000025RI|5.0|...then &quot;Thriller&quot; was a lavish, extravagant 18th century painting. There wasn't a flaw one could see while listening to this classic. The sales and the records broken speak for themselves, but the music took Michael to a whole new level...something even he didn't reach as a member of the Jackson 5 and since then, the Jacksons. <br />The album kicks off with a a hard-hitting bassline beat-filled, &quot;Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'&quot;, and then tones down a bit with &quot;Baby Be Mine&quot; (I picture a nice, long, summer drive through the desert in a cadillac). Then MJ joins forces with Paul McCartney on &quot;The Girl Is Mine&quot;. The title track takes the theme of ghosts and goblins, demons and the living dead, while &quot;Beat It&quot; is a hard-edged guitar driven song. &quot;Billie Jean&quot; is undisputedly one of his best songs and performances ever (ever seen Motown 25?). &quot;Human Nature&quot; is a very laid-back, reflective, long drive home into the night kind of a song. &quot;P.Y.T.&quot; is a very bouncy, bubblegum type of love song, while &quot;The Lady In My Life&quot; is a very romantic, honeymoon type of ballad. This album, along with &quot;Off The Wall&quot; is his best work to date. His next few albums would prove to be very good, but nowhere near the excellence that this album achieved.
B00005BL2A|4.0|It would have been easy for DM to put out a surefire hit album, and cater to everyone's expectations.  It would have been easy for them to just cobble together another synth-laden, mopey, dark masterpiece.  But this collection really speaks of musical growth and experimentation.  It incorporates classical elements, jazz, pop, rock, etc.  The most impressive thing to me, however, are the lyrics.  I've always been impressed by DM's lyrics, but for a different reason.  Before, I was impressed by their apparently exhaustive collection of rhyming dictionaries.  Very clever rhymes, very tightly constructed.  I say this as a published poet myself.  But this time around, the lyrics are looser, more casual, utilizing--gasp!--slant rhymes and internal rhymes.  It flows like water.  The effect is very lush, sensual, and confident.  Also, Gahan's voice has done a lot of growing.  The range and emotional display shows strength in vulnerability rather than some of the raw need of some past efforts.<br />The two instrumentals keep me from giving the album 5 stars.  They feel like scraps, afterthoughts.  This is a very small complaint, however.  Overall, the album is very accomplished, sophisticated (&quot;Dead of Night&quot; is a hoot, though), and rich in an almost aquatic way.
B0000025F7|5.0|I was a big MJ fan back 10-15 years ago...I was only about 7 or 8 when I started listening to all of his albums. I bought the &quot;Bad&quot; album first, and I generally liked it. Then I went out and bought &quot;Thriller&quot; which was even better. But as far as dance-oriented albums, I thought none of his other albums would do that much justice other than &quot;Off the Wall&quot;. I still go back and listen to this album and all the songs sound as fresh today as they did 20 some-odd years ago. I wasn't even born when MJ released this album, but I can still feel the music. There's a quality about this album that you rarely ever see in today's pop artists' catalogues. <br />MJ keeps you dancin' from &quot;Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough&quot; up until the title track, &quot;Off The Wall&quot;. There's just something about playing tracks 1 through 5 that make you not want to stop your CD player. Then he gives you time to chill out and listen to his more soothing songs: &quot;Girlfriend&quot;, &quot;She's Out Of My Life&quot;, &quot;I Can't Help It&quot; and &quot;It's The Falling In Love&quot;. And what better way to end the album than how you started it? He gets you back up with &quot;Burn This Disco Out&quot;. <br />This was his official solo debut as the new, adult Michael Jackson. Little did you know that he was at his artistic best when he did this album.
6301247485|2.0|What a disappointment!  This video doesn't even get on the playing field when compared with the book.  All the nuances are gone as well as the very interesting characters.  I kept dosing off because of the boring dialog.  And, at 144 minutes, the video seemed to go on forever.<br />Robert Redford and Mia Farrow's performances are weak.  He sounds like he's reciting memorized lines and her voice comes across as squeaky.  The screenwriter has created too many scenes to be acted out; they were much more effective when described by a narrator.  Sam Waterston, cast as Nick, does an admirable job.  And so does Bruce Dern as the nasty Tom Buchanan.  But in spite of a great novel, they had a weak script to work with.<br />The focus of the video seems to be on the period costumes and elaborate sets. But so what?  I wanted to care about the same characters that I loved so much in the book.  But that was impossible, especially since the musical score played throughout was melancholy and irritating.<br />I understand there are other video versions of The Great Gatsby around.  I plan to check them out.  But take my advice and stay away from this one.
B00005BL2A|3.0|Too bad. After waiting years for new DM , and following the abysmal &quot;Ultra&quot; I expected more than this. I'm really disappointed. Too slow. Too quiet. Too wimpy.<br />The Modesters appear to have lost their touch. I wish I'd had a friend burn a copy. You should hang out at the used CD bins for doubtless numerous copies to show up.<br />Save your money. This one is going nowhere.
B00003CXR1|5.0|My wife and I as well as another couple enjoyed this film immensely... <br />Chocolat provides a wonderful insight into the life, strong conservatism and, yes, outright prejudices of the French citizens who live in such vividly picturesque towns and villages. They are not bad people but resist change of any kind and cling to their traditions. It is the price they pay to live in places that the average tourist loves to experience but only for a little while.<br />The film was heightened by an unusually original and sensitive story but also superb casting, direction and acting. <br />Juliette Binoche projected an almost ethereal tranquility in her quirky role as the mysterious woman who suddenly appears and opens a chocolate shop and feeds not only the physical but spiritual needs of the suspicious town people who are so realistically portrayed.<br />Johnny Depp, who I believe is one of the most courageous and talented actors today, was outstanding as the Irish riverboat gypsy. He played his part with perfect understatement and acuity. He [almost] stole the show.<br />Dame Judy Dench was, as always, excellent as the grandmother with her patented mix of tartness and sweetness, further perfected since her memorable portrayal of Queen Victoria in Mrs. Brown.   The actor who played the very challenging role of the comte/mayor was powerful yet surely gained your sympathies over his own inner pain as the story progressed. <br />And I thought the boy and girl who played the juvenile roles were both appealing, natural and just delightful. That is a tribute to a fine director. <br />The young actor in the role of the curate was first rate. <br />In short, this this a rarity today: a top-notch film for grown-ups that has a message, likable characters within a beautiful setting. The four of us can't wait to see it once more.<br />P.S. We all agreed the only faux pas was the conspicuous absence of the town gendarmerie, a fixture in French village life.
0385335482|4.0|I can't count the number of times I laughed out loud reading this book, nor the number of times I said to myself &quot;I know this person!&quot;  <br />Just when I found myself in need of a book that tickles the funny bone, my book club buddies reccommended this truly delightful selection.  The reader is drawn into Becky Bloomwood's world that for all appearances suggests a fiancial rollercoaster ride.  I cheered for Becky as well as chastising her for her ineptitude in managing her money..this is a financial writer??? Not!  <br />Thank you Sophie Kinsella for a truly entertaining book.
B000056VIY|3.0|The bad thing about deciding to buy 'J.Lo' now is that if you're currently enjoying &quot;Play&quot; on the radio, you've pretty much already heard the best fast song on the album. BUT, if you're feeling the way I did, and you're still curious, then I'll say this: it's a pretty safe investment, and it won't leave you hanging because there are still a few surprises lurking here.<br />First and foremost, I absolutely have to mention the first slow song, &quot;Come Over&quot; because it is so wonderfully seductive (trust me!) &quot;Come Over&quot; is my personal favorite because it sounds like nothing Jennifer Lopez has ever done before, and frankly, I didn't know she had it in her. Interestingly enough, her ex-boyfriend, Sean &quot;P.Diddy&quot; Combs co-wrote and co-produced &quot;Come Over&quot;, and I'd say that their chemistry must have been in full effect when they recorded it.<br />I'm really enjoying &quot;I'm Real&quot;; it's a perfect pop song that reminds me of &quot;Feelin So Good&quot; because it's so happy. The only problem I have with &quot;I'm Real&quot; is when P. Diddy refers to Ms. Lopez as a &quot;bad, bad, b----&quot; during the chorus. Yes, I know it's only suppposed to be a compliment, but it just doesn't feel right...oh well, it's still a very good song; I think it's single material actually.<br />&quot;Walking On Sunshine&quot; is a techno-inspired thumper, and it's alright. &quot;Ain't It Funny&quot; is just okay too, but I have a feeling it might be the next single...actually, the rest of the album is pretty much decent filler to me, except for two more songs that I have to mention, &quot;We Gotta Talk&quot; and &quot;Secretly&quot;.<br />The reason why I like &quot;We Gotta Talk&quot; is because it hits my sonic tastebuds like a fresh burst of citrus on a hot summer day. I also love &quot;We Gotta Talk&quot; because of the background vocals, which blend very well together the way only Janet and Michael Jackson seem to do it.<br />With &quot;Secretly&quot;, (the only other slow song) I think we have what might have been the perfect album closer. On &quot;Secretly&quot;, Ms. Lopez sings about having a crush on someone, and she sings it with a vulnerability that only comes from a real life experience. I like &quot;Secretly&quot; a lot...<br />But alas, the rest of the album I can't really listen to.<br />Thanks for reading!<br />C.H.R.ot;Secretly&quot;, (the only other slow song) I think we have what might have been the perfect album closer. On &quot;Secretly&quot;, Ms. Lopez sings about having a crush on someone, and she sings it with a vulnerability that only comes from a real life experience. I like &quot;Secretly&quot; a lot...<br />But alas, the rest of the album I can't really listen to. <br />Thanks for reading!<br />C.H.R.
6305508550|2.0|I don't quite understand some people.  We purchased this movie based on the rather impressive reviews....  The movie has one or two laughs granted, but I sure as hell wouldn't make a big effort to see it again.  The performances overall are weak (particulary the rather dreadful Jennifer A)as is the overall plot.<br />Watch it...but at someone else's expense!!
0517548232|5.0|I teach Principles of Microeconomics, and I always use this book for extra credit. Students who hate reading long, boring, stuffy text books always like Hazlitt, and give him high reviews every single semester. The very readable chapters are short (about 3-6 pages in most cases), and told in story form to make Hazlitt's point. This makes it possible for even freshmen with notoriously short attention spans to read the day's chapter.<br />Hazlitt's &quot;one lesson&quot; is simple, and told in Chapter 1. The rest of the chapters are all stories in which the lesson plays a prominent role. In short, Hazlitt doesn't merely tell us the lesson, he actually shows us the lesson -- over and over and over, until we've got it.<br />With stories on tariffs, minimum wage, rent controls, taxes. unions, wages, profits, savings, credit, unemployment, and so much more, Hazlitt takes some of the most difficult economic concepts and makes these easily accessible to the lay person who has no economic training, background, or even inclination.<br />It's one  thing for me to recommend this book. It's quite another for my students to recommend it semester after semester. I can imagine no higher praise.
B000002GHH|5.0|I bought this album because of a rapturous magazine review, and the rapture was not undeserved.  This is an album of consistently high quality, with no weak songs.  The singing and instrumental performances are superb, with all the songs sounding raw and lean and not overproduced.  I have not heard another Hiatt album that is so bluesy and gritty, although I have yet to listen to Crossing Muddy Waters, and hope will sound something like this.<br />Hiatt has (unfortunately) not made anything as good as this since.  A masterpiece.
0446608955|3.0|Although this novel is very tenderly written and Nicholas sparks makes a very good effort at writing from the perspective of 1950s 17 year old teenagers, the plot is just too lame and weighs the whole thing down. The signposting is too obvious - anyone but an idiot would not guess what was wrong with Jamie and how it would end with her final wish...<br />I can't believe they are making a movie of this given that it will be pretty much exactly like the movie &quot;Here on Earth&quot;. Oh well good luck to them - but it's a real shame that the quality of writing is wasted on a substandard plot. There are some touching moments, but as I say, the signposting ruins it all.<br />Elle.
0345440757|5.0|Are you looking for a compassionate but practical way to put your baby to sleep in the crib?  Well, this book discusses just how to do that. I struggled with how to put my son to sleep in his crib.  I started with co-sleeping (Sears method),but after 3 months felt like there was not enough distinction between my son and needing personal privacy and space. Next, I tried the &quot;traditional&quot; Ferber method, but it didn't work and made me feel disconnected with my son.  Ms. Hogg's approach is very middle of the road taking the best from both methods and making it work for those of us that don't fall into the two extremes.  <br />I also enjoyed her discussions of respect for a child, their personal space and practical tips. Ms. Hogg provided many wonderful composite examples to explain her ideas and to encourage you that you are not &quot;the only one.&quot;  <br />I have to say the editing on the book was not as good as it should have been, but that is easily looked over with the wealth of useful information Ms. Hogg provides and the easy manner she conveys it.  You can read it in pieces or all the way through. (I suggest reading the target problem area for you and then go back to the beginning and read it through.)<br />As a new mom, I recommend this one to friends and family.  I can't wait for her next book!
1577311523|5.0|Okay, so I read a whole bunch of reviews here to see what people were saying so my ego could get validated, or whatever. Having only 5 pages left to read I can say, along with everyone else, that this book is a real gift and bound to change your life for the better. I don't know how many will actually reach the state of enlightenment Tolle has, but I bet everyone who reads it and tries to apply the principles presented will feel a whole lot better. At least you will know why so many people around you are unhappy even though you won't be. I especially like the clear way he describes how the ego tries to maintain its dominance and why and how a big ego causes damage. The concept of the &quot;pain-body&quot; was new and valuable. (&quot;Calling Livia Soprano!&quot;) He says up front that he repeats things, but he never says them the same way twice, a sign of a very good teacher. He also keeps religion out of it other than to show how some of the great teachings of the masters (Jesus, Buddha) reflect his point. For many Christians there will be a lot of &quot;Aha!&quot; moments. You'll want to keep a highlighter handy as well as a pen or pencil to index key points like &quot;ego&quot; and &quot;forgiveness&quot;. There is a table of contents but you will want to cross-index things like crazy. This is the type of book you shouldn't be afraid of marking up. Buy this book for friends and ask them to do the same. Maybe the human race really is getting to a point where we are ready to stop the murder of the planet and each other. Reading this book is a GIANT step in that direction. Note to editors: Maybe someone will write a children's edition George Bush can read?
6303430570|5.0|Anyone who's ever dealt with customers can appreciate this one.  I LOVE Jay and Silent Bob!
B000000I0K|4.0|In fact, really, Mike is probably the Mozart of his generation. Now, I would give it 5 stars except \\"Mirage\\" I find not up to the standard of the other, more mellifluous, pieces (TUBULAR BELLS 2, on the other hand, is consistent throughout). I truly can't say enough about \\"Arrival\\"--every good-music compilation I make for people seems to include it as the final track, a sweet send-off. It is so sublime! An indication of the strength of Oldfield: Sadly, I came to associate \\"Wonderful Land\\" with the depression of breaks with my girlfriend. How would I know that a year or so later the song would come gently back and woo me into the purity it wanted all along, apart from my memories? But it did... \\"QE2\\" and \\"Celt\\" are jubilant and adventurous. I would never, ever be content to record THIS CD!  Get it, please!
0767849493|5.0|Long live Jay and Silent Bob!!  OK, so I really rented it because Matt and Ben were on the cover, but still, I have really enjoyed all of Kevin Smith's movies.
B00005B36H|5.0|After listening to Lateralus 3 times from front to back I am still trying to comprehend the magnitude of this album.  Initially you will come to realize that TooL no longer have to blast you with distortion laden guitar riffs to sound heavy.  The pure ambiance of this album is heavy.  Many people are asking me how to describe this album and all I can reply right now is that it sounds like &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; done by Black Sabbath after they left a Yes or King Crimson Show.  <br />One thing to note is the subtle use of synth work on this album.  I am usually against bands adding more instruments then they have musicians but the sounds they are generating this album has sold me on experimentation. <br />Finally, I know you don't feel the chest thumping bass, but listen to this on headphones.  It will mezmorize you!  Especially &quot;Reflection&quot;!  Keep the faith.
B000059QWJ|5.0|I dont have much to say about this except its the best most amazing thing that I have ever seen in my life.  O yes there are just so many problems with this tape JUST KIDDING!! this rules and if your a DT fan buy it!! I dont care if u dont like them if u can appreciate talent in music BUY IT.  Theres only one downfall of VHS NOT ENOUGH ON IT!! just the concert of \\" Scenes\\" but no bonus thing i guess DVD's are special or something.
B000000WFZ|5.0|I remember coming to a full appreciation of this soundtrack whilst viewing the excellent film on a home video rental such a long time ago...I tried to record it putting a tape recorder as the final credits rolled...now many years later i was able to purchase this soundtrack on CD and it sounds timeless...the opening track pulls you in with it's eclectic old world chorus that has a touch of the exotic...andean type instruments that play along with the orchestra....Gabriel's Oboe was the haunting piece that has stuck with me forever...although you don't have to watch nor love the film to enjoy this soundtrack, everytrime I listen to this album images from the film appear...there are many other exquisite tracks here...some that you will perhaps skip over the first time but then return to, as they grow on you...this soundtrack was so inspiring that the Jesuits in Puerto Rico actually used it as the background to their recruiting ads...the soundtrack was so moving, so strong, that I even entertained the idea of becoming a Jesuit...that's how powerfuly this soundtrack swayed me...if you loved the film, you'll love the soundtrack..if you didn't watch the film there is still a good chance you'll love it as it stands on it own....
B00005B36H|4.0|people who suffer from attention deficit syndrome probably wont last. it's creative and better than most of modern rock out today
B00005B36H|5.0|Simply Awesome.  I bought the CD the day it was released, and have not listened to anything else since.  I just keep listening to Lateralus over and over again.  It gets better each time.  Turn off all the lights, sit down, and crank it up.  You might want to close your eyes too.<br />The album is a beautiful combination of different sounds and themes.  It's like a rollercoaster.  Very smooth and quiet at many points, as you feel the tension mount, then everything releases in an amazing rage of energy topped with Maynard's screaming voice.  This happens over and over again, pulling you deeper and deeper into the feeling of the album.<br />Simply amazing.  Buy it.
B00005BL2A|5.0|This is possibly the greatest album Depeche Mode has ever came out with.  I am an avid fan from Speak and Spell to Ultra, I can apreciate their evolution over the years, and have always expected them to just get better, and change from album to album, but there was no way I could expect this!  This album seems to take everything that they have learned over the last twenty years and compact it into a beautifully arrayed album that can't even compare to Balck Celebration because it easily surpasses.<br />Although I can see how those who are expecting their more populare 80's stuff might not like this, you will love this album if you enjoy all their albums and can apreciate their changing talent.
0783230664|4.0|Absolutely splendid film, enjoyable by both children (other than the very young) and adults alike. The big disappointment, though, is the lack of widescreen format, especially missed in a film with such breathtaking cinematography, for which I've docked this DVD a star. Now available at half the price in a two-DVD package with the lesser sequel, &quot;Babe : Pig in the City&quot;.
B000056K04|5.0|I'm not sure what some of the people are complaining about,but I have found this CD to be one of the best CD's I own.  Unfortunaley for my bank account, I own too many.  The CD is full of in depth lyrics as well as a varity of ear popping notes.  #5 &quot;So Right&quot; is one of the best love songs I have heard in loooooong time, and the great thing about it is that you find yourself bobbing your head the whole time.  My 2 year old moves all around in her car seat during most of the CD, but is actually quiet during #3 &quot;The Space Between&quot;.  This CD has finallized Dave Matthews as a serious musician, and to my delight he will definately be around for a long time.  Oh and by the way, buy this CD.
B00003Q438|4.0|James Cameron's art.  That's pretty much what this movie is.  It was Jim's chance to make a film that would be an experience in emotions.  What is this movie?  Is it overlong and boring?  Nay, it's a well-paced journey into a superb adventure that makes one singular statement.  Adventure can be subdued and still amaze you.   I have seen this movie many many many many many many times and I still enjoy it.  When the special edition came out I watched it and I wondered how I ever got along without it..  Lots of people think it's waaaaaaaay too long.  Whenever someone tells me this I point them towards Kevin Costner's director's cut version of Dances With Wolves which runs over 240 minutes!  Hello, headache!  These are visionary films, people!  They're supposed to be long!  Ah well.  Like it or not this movie is well-crafted and emotional.  I have never been able to watch the episode where Mastrantonio's character risks her life so Harris' Bud can drag her back to the rig with only the slimmest of chances in reviving her.  Several reviewers here have voiced their opinions that this is absurd.  But it's true that this CAN happen.  oops, scuse me.  *teary-eyed*   Great, work, Ed Harris, I felt your pain.  Ahem.  All Clintonisms aside it was a fabulous sequence full of anguish, despair and in the end there was hope.   Wonderfully executed.  The hydro-alien beings were awesome.  Not only were they unique in their designs but the technology as well.  I haven't seen the concept of underwater aliens since reading the White book The Watch Below.  Tho fairly short overall it was a remarkable image.  True this method of proving humanity's own faults to itself has been done many times in the past but this time it was done even better than usual.  Watch The Abyss with an open mind.  Just let it flow around you like the water in a forest stream and you will never be disappointed with it..  I wish the DVD had a commentary on it, tho.  That's the main reason I buy DVDs in the first place.  Still a wonderful experience, tho.
B00005BL2A|2.0|First of all I've been a huge fan of Depeche Mode for a long time.Since the time when they were a subject of great ridicule to when they gained a well-deserved respectability I've always been a fan of their cutting-edge,innovative ability to create some amazing music.I was really excited when I heard that they were releasing a new album and bought it on the first day of release.The first time I heard this c.d. I felt quite deflated-then I thought maybe it was going to take time to get used to these new songs.Yet now I've listened to it at least ten times and I have to say that this c.d. is their worst album yet.<br /> The plus points--well considering the recent past maybe it's a miracle that they have managed to produce a c.d. at all.Any song from Depeche Mode would be better then having nothing at all.The sound is very well produced and they seem to have changed the sound and atmosphere quite a bit.The music on this c.d. is much mellower then previous efforts.I always admire groups who try to have a constantly evolving sound and Depeche Mode's has changed with almost every new release.The synths are less industrial,the harsher rock sonics of recent efforts seem to have been abated.Lyrically it is also their most up-beat c.d. in years.There are plenty of very good songs on this c.d.The single Dream On with it's acoustic guitar and gentle rhythms is a very good song.The 3rd song Sweetest Condition has some amazing synth effects.In both these songs Dave Gahan's voice sounds better then I've heard it in a long time.&quot;When The Body Speaks&quot; is probably my favourite song on the c.d.-again Gahan sings this ballad so beautifully.The gentle guitar,the strings and rumbling deep bass sounding synths give you the impression that this song will explode into a cacophony of noise at any minute-but no they manage to sustain this laidback sound right to the end and yet still make it very appealing.There are two instrumental tracks which are quite good also.Track 7 &quot;Freelove&quot; has a real catchy feel to it but unfortunately while it has a certain instant appeal,it's a bit too lightweight to sustain this.<br /> Basically that is my problem with this whole album-it is too lightweight.In a certain ways they have gone back to the wimpy sounds of &quot;A Broken Frame&quot;.This may have been interesting in the early 80's but it just seems too out of place now.None of the songs jump out and grab you.There are no songs that stand out and make you say yeah this is a definite single.Even the first single was very understated for Depeche Mode.They seem to have temporarily (I Hope!) lost their punch and raw edge.While the mood is really good,really different for them they seem to have forgotten about the &quot;hooks&quot; which have always made them such in many ways a funky and popular group.Usually on their c.d.'s you expect to hear a few excellent vocal contributions from Martin Gore-(like &quot;Home&quot; or &quot;Question Of Lust&quot;) but on this c.d. his songs are to be frank quite awful.The worst offender has to be &quot;Breathe&quot; and the lyrics in the last verse defy belief!Track 5 seems to pay homage to the new goth generation of N.I.N. and Manson-unfortunately they seem to have influenced D.Mode on this occasion rather then vice-versa.<br /> I'm always going to be a major fan of this group.I'm just so disappointed with this c.d.Two stars may seem harsh,but it may desrve 2 and a half at best.Yet on a bright note it's great to hear them again,apparently in good health.Hopefully this c.d. will just be a temporary abberation for  a group who've created great c.d.'s for 20 years now.I mean what other group from the era of '81 are still changing their sound and making new c.d.'s and aren't embarking on those living on past glories Grandad tours?
0385334206|4.0|I believe the book &quot;Breakfast of Champions&quot; to be a thoughtfull and fascinating work of literature. I loved it just as i loved cats cradle and other books by kurt vonnegut. i recomend this book to highschool students and those above highschool. it was a great read.
0440224764|5.0|The Partner is very interesting in how the plot unfolds after the actual events have already happened.  The high points and suspenseful moments in the book usually take place when someone is having a flashback or explaining an event that happened in the past, a great departure from Grisham's other books.  But I must say that Grisham pulls it off flawlessly, incorporating a great story of a man who steals millions and runs away from it all.  Just when you think you have the story figured out, the ending throws you for such a huge loop!  It's great!  A must-read for any Grisham fan.
B00005B36H|5.0|well, 200 something reviews... what can i say... i love the new album i got it the day it came out .... first thing you knowtace is the sweet artwork ... the songs are lenthy but who cares ???! its tool... i could listen to a 8 min song and be totaly into it every secound ... non of this 3 min bs ... i think that altho this album is a little less in your face and hevy metalish(if thats a word ...) than aenima its the same band that i have come to love over the past 6 years or so.... u must buy this album ... you wont regret it... im praying they come back to boston after the europe tour... i dono what i would do if they dident...
B00001U0DP|5.0|This is by far the best film I have ever seen in my entire life!  Can't really say much more than that but it has inspired me to learn Italian just so that I can watch it without the subtitles. No film will ever come close to this!
0385335482|4.0|This is a great beach read, or at least it would have been, if I'd been anywhere near a beach when I read it...<br />Anyway -- funny, silly, entertaining and somewhat familiar (unfortunately) with respect to how I approached finances in my mid-20's.  I did start to become annoyed with Rebecca's shallowness on several occasions, but there was something very Walter Mitty-ish about it -- no point in taking it too seriously, is there?  And I can certainly relate to the part about how great new clothes make you feel (perhaps I shouldn't be admitting that...)  Fast, fun read that made me laugh out loud in several places -- and at least Rebecca Bloomwood's not as obsessed with sex as Bridget Jones!
B00004W5UA|5.0|I recommend this film to everyone, but the easily offended. The inner trials of a modern man who is no longer going to stand for dealing with the daily grind. The main character, played by Edward Norton, is a weak insomniac working at an office building like that of so many in society today. Trying to find himself, his apartment burns down and he has nothing. He goes to support groups for which he doesn't even have a problem. Mainly because he can cry openly and because &quot;it's amazing how much people are willing to listen to you if they think you're dieing&quot;. When a like minded woman, Marla Singer played by Bonham Carter, starts going to his support groups too he finds his inner self within his imageinary friend and personality disorder named Tyler Durden, played by Brad Pitt. With Tyler he starts Fight Club, (A secret fighting club fro men only). The main project of Fight Club is called Project Mayhem. This film shows plenty of hidden meaning through symbolisim, and although rather it portrays the way that many of struggling, working, nobodies, would deep down like to be. There is also a very unexpected suprise ending!
B00005B1EX|5.0|Best live album since Unleashed In The East - Instant Classic - Nothing more to say
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool is a band that offers a bit of the mysterious along with a special need to distance themselves from musical standards that prevail in pop these days(the poor songwriting and musical ethics of BBoys, NSync, Britney...).  <br />Lateralus is an intense, moving piece of work that extends itself more like a symphony than a collection of individuals songs for example.  Aenima was outstanding and I never got tired of the music even though I'd had it for 5 years.  I was sure that Tool would stay true and not sell out like other bands in their genre have.  I was right.  But there are a few changes from Aenima to Lateralus.<br />Lateralus moves more into prog-rock terrritory by expanding the songwriting to include more breaks, tense dynamics, and tossing out the obvious pop hooks.  Songs like Stinkfist, 46&amp;2, and Third Eye had appealing hooks that brought you into the music that way.  This new album conveys its message in long drawn-out epsiodes of fit and fury interspersed with calm, almost ambient movements that seems to give the music some breath and some variance, Limp Bizkit should take note there.  Although some of the tracks go well over 7-8 minutes long, they move with a continual flow that doesn't bog down the music and won't leave you bored for any moment.  This album is such a welcome change from what exists now and will no doubt top many music critics list for Album of the Year awards and might bring home a Grammy. It is really THAT good and anybody that has more that a slight interest in rock should pick this up...
B00000373U|5.0|Like a lot of people I first got into Elliot Smith's music after \\" Good Will Hunting\\" and his Oscars appearance.  As it was new at the time, I bought \\"X/O\\", which I thought was not bad, but did not really reflect the buzz that had built up around Elliot. A lot of press stuff at that time though was referring back to the more basic, less produced, sound of \\"Either/Or\\" as Elliot's best work, so I got that one too.  Now this record really is an acquired taste, you have to work at it. At first it seemed so slight as to be almost not there, similar in style to an unplugged \\"Murmur\\" period REM with Michael Stipe in major mumble mode, or the odd Big Star quiet number.  I played it to a friend who was a particular fan of early REM and he dismissed \\"Either/Or\\" as sounding like \\"A nerdy Simon and Garfunkel\\", I'd never noticed that similarity at all.  After a few listens, the songs on \\"Either/Or\\" don't just get under your skin, they weedle their way into your very soul, you start to think things like \\"this is mine, my life is in here\\".  What it is that is so affecting about this record is it's apparent innocence, Elliot picks away very ably at his guitar, the light breathy vocals drift in and out, but the tone of the songs is deceptive.  Such a style suggests quiet introspection, and singer songwriterly naval gazing, but with repeated listening, a full range of emotions, retelling of events and even stories seep through. Oh and this man gets angry and he curses, and let me tell you, nobody curses with such venom and purpose as Elliot.  It's not a particularly long record, but you do find if you put it on at the beginning you stay till the end, it's not a record from which you just pick a stand out or two.  So I don't have favourite songs on this one, just moments, like the bass riff that pulls you in mid way through \\"No Name No.5\\", and the line \\"You'll be the victim of your own dirty tricks\\" from \\"Pictures of Me\\" and the annoyance in Elliot's voice when he's telling himself off in \\"2.45 am\\". It's a wonderful and rewarding record.
B00000273M|5.0|Ok so it doesn't have Getting Out of Hand or the EP.  But this is proof that the Bangles are one of the nost unappreciated groups ever and I am glad they're back on tour.  Susanna has always had this sweet seductive voice that is almost hypnotic.  And Debbie has the deep resonant voice that is a marked contrast.  The Bangles have always had these rich full hamornies that recall a happier time - before there was an intenet or energy crisis or Survivor.  The Bangles are a reminder of our youth and how exuberant that youth can be.  I can't recall the Bangles ever doing a bad song - from &quot;Hero Takes  Fall&quot; to &quot;James&quot; to &quot;Differnt Light&quot; to &quot;Hazy Shade of Winter&quot;.  They're just as much fun to watch lie as they are to listen to.  Buy this Bangles record or any other.  You won't be disppointed.  And if you can, find their EP on Faulty.  It is an undiscovered gem!!
B00005AWMF|5.0|I have been a fan of Sade for years, and when this disc was releases some yars back, I knew I had to have it.  Even to this day, everytime I hear it, it sounds like the first time.<br />Sade has a way of weaving her voice with the instruments until they become one.  The melodic mellow mood of this compliation- overall- will make you want to have it in heavy rotation.<br />A music lover's dream, and a romance classic.  This cd is not to be overlooked.
1563523302|4.0|. . .of who really holds the wealth in our nation -- and how they came by their money.<br />This is not the sort of book I have typically reviewed for Amazon.com.  I'm a clergyman and an academic -- not a financial planner, etc.  However, like everyone else, I want to be able to retire comfortably, provide for my children, etc.<br />What this book does is demonstrate, by use of example, case study, and extensive research, the qualities which are necessary to obtain and hold wealth -- and these qualities dovetail neatly with many of the same qualities that, as a minister, I try to instill in my congregation. (Not for the purpose of obtaining wealth, but for the purpose of making better people)<br />Although not a religious book in any sense (the authors are not out to make religious or moral judgements) I found it interesting that the keys to achieving wealth included a commitment to marriage, family, a moderate lifestyle, hard work, education etc.<br />The authors have provided a wonderful service in scientifically demonstrating the very virtues our grandfathers would have considered basic common sense -- but that our generation (and I include myself here) seem to have largely forgotten.
B000002P2W|5.0|Although The Who bravely, and perhaps unwisely, soldiered on after the untimely and senseless death of drum genius Keith Moon in 1978, it was painfully obvious by the release of &quot;The Who By Numbers&quot; in 1975 that the band's glory years were sadly drawing to a conclusion.  Although one of the biggest influences, along with Iggy and The Ramones, on England's burgeoning punk movement, Peter Townshend's lyrics on this album sound like part of a suicide note, as he implores the punks to &quot;stay young and stay high,&quot; while at the same time confessing that &quot;however much I booze, there ain't no way out.&quot;  &quot;Squeeze Box,&quot; the closest the band has ever come to a novelty song, lightens the mood a bit, as does John Entwistle's hilarious &quot;Success Story,&quot; but the morosity of Townshend's words is what the listener will ultimately take away with him.  On the plus side, Moon, never the most conventional of timekeepers, shows why he was the greatest drummer in rock and roll history, filling every empty moment with thunderous rolls and fills, almost as if attempting to prop up the sinking Townshend.  Fascinating and riveting...
B00005ATQM|4.0|I was all geeked up to get this DVD-Audio (the first I have ever heard).  It really is a great buy, and you can hear the difference.  One thing I noticed, however, is that some tracks are different!  I am huge Metallica fan, and play guitar, so I know this album extremely well.  On &quot;Don't Tread On Me&quot;, it goes into an extra little part right after the first verse!  I am assuming this was intentional.  If you doubt what I am saying, put the DVD-audio on, along with the CD.  You'll hear what I am talking about.  I haven't listened to the entire album yet, so I am not sure there is more.  Has anyone else noticed this???  It is a good buy though.  The clarity is good, though I bet it would be better with a dedicated DVD-Audio player (rather than just my standard DVD player, with 5.1 Dolby Digital). But let's face it, this is one of the greatest albums ever recorded, so any way to hear it at optimum quality is cool  :-)
B000001FMX|5.0|Back in junior high and high school, Creem magazine was my bible and so it goes to follow, it was where I first heard about The New York Dolls.  This album came out when I was in 9th grade and I dutifully rode my bike up to Dearborn Music (in my hometown of Dearborn, MI), plunked down $3.99, and innocently rode off, not knowing that what I would find within those grooves would send me on a life-long quest for some of the quirkiest, most obscure and outrageous vinyl I could get my hands on.  Sometimes dismissed as  the American Rolling Stones, with Johnny Thunders playing Keith to David Johansen's Mick, the Dolls sounded as if they had some sort of tenuous grasp of how to play their instruments, but it also seemed as if it could all fall apart at any moment.  For me, however, therein lay the appeal.  After hearing glorious assaults on the senses like &quot;Personality Crisis,&quot; &quot;Trash,&quot; and &quot;Pills,&quot; people would just look at me and shake their heads in pity, but I could not have cared less.  But, alas, the Dolls flame burned bright but short.  Believe everything you've heard about this band.  Important, essential, and highly recommended.
0780622650|1.0|I am truly sorry that I did not see as much in this movie as the other people reviewing it.  That said, this is one of the worst films I've seen in years - and I'm not a purist, either.  I enjoyed Charlie's Angels as much as the next guy, and I can usually get a kick out of even an obviously terrible movie like A Knight's Tale.  No such luck here.  This movie isn't just a bad transition from the TV show, it's a terribly made, acted, and ESPECIALLY written film.  The script caused me physical pain.  I can stomach Independence Day, I can live with Armageddon (although I'd rather not), but PLEASE never let this movie see the light of day again.  It was a crime to make it, and it was a crime to re-release it on DVD.  Please don't add to the list of felonies by spending your hard earned money to hear lines like, &quot;Are you finished hosing each other down with testosterone?&quot;  Consider yourself warned.
0783222955|5.0|After reading the 1960 book I wanted to watch the movie, so our class watched it. I liked the movie but what I say, &quot;Books are better then the movie,&quot; If they were to remake, this it would be PG-13 or R. So before you watch the movie, read the book. The actors did very well. enjoy
B00005BL2A|4.0|I have been a fan of Depeche Mode since &quot;Black Celebraton&quot; (their crowning achievement in my opinion.) I have come to enjoy all of their albums for some reason or other, but I still have my favorites.  One attribute of DM is that they have not produced two completely alike sounding albums.  While there is a signature sound to the band, Martin Gore's songwriting has evolved logically over time. It is apparent that he does not feel the need to experiment with rock sounding songs anymore, but is back to expressing emotion through subtle soundscapes and minimalist atmospheric beats.  After repeated listening the album has grown on me already. Generally, I hesitate to review an album having had it less than a month, because I don't like to jump to conclusions.      There is something to say for listening to one of your old favorites.  It is completely different than discovering a new artist.  &quot;Black Celebration&quot; and &quot;Violator&quot; are my favorites of their recordings. I was (unlike some) disappointed with the arena like song quality of &quot;Songs Of Faith And Devotion&quot; and &quot;Ultra.&quot; I missed the tenderness of earlier Gore sung ballads, although &quot;Its No Good&quot; and the single &quot;Only When I Lose Myself,&quot; relieved me and let me know that the DM I knew and liked was still lurking under the harsh 90's rockin' DM.       Exciter is refreshing and leaves the listener feeling rejuvenated.  Sporting (&lt;-- I hate that word) some of Martin's best ballads and Dave's best vocal output ever, the album is somewhat of a surprize.  I am seeing them live for the first time this summer in Martin's new hometown.  I recognized the locations of some of the photos in the insert as local Santa Barbara locations.  The first single is nice and the album displays a lot of needed variety.  Anyone classifying it as boring, must've skipped tracks and not listened all the way through.  Exciter is why I still like Depeche Mode.  The only song that leaves me cold is &quot;I feel loved.&quot;  It feels contrived, and while not unbelievable as part of the DM catalogue, it does not fit in on this album for me. &quot;Shine&quot; is great as well as &quot;Freelove&quot; and &quot;The Dead Of Night.&quot;  Speaking of &quot;The Dead Of Night,&quot; it is not NIN and is tounge in cheek fun for the band. It was odd sounding at first but give it time. &quot;Goodnight Lovers&quot; is the perfect closer and is the best final track since &quot;Clean.&quot; Here's to hoping its not their last...
0446310786|5.0|I am sure many people read this book, in High School I did since January we finished months later, the book on tape is good the reader, did a good job reading it. I liked this book I suggest you read this you'll like it.
B00005BL2A|5.0|Truth be known, I love Depeche Mode and have for very nearly half my life now.  I've always preferred older DM but I honestly don't see where all of this nuveau Mode bashing is coming from.  <br />Exciter is brilliant and Depeche Mode is as sexy as they've always been.  I've had the album in some form or another for about a month now but still had to buy the official release at midnight, the morning of the fifteenth.  <br />Martin's genius resonates heavily throughout this album, Dave's swarthiness pulsates and seduces. Martin has a way of using Dave as his instrument to relay a particular mood or emotion in his words.  If Dave's voice has changed any from his recent struggles, it's only added more character and passion.  When Martin sings, you hear nothing but sincerity.   The familiar DM themes are still there; love, love gone wrong, lying, cheating, obsession, even more of the biblical.<br />The latest evolution of Depeche Mode may take a time or two but for the true fan or occasional listener, it is well worth the purchase.
B00000JMQE|4.0|'Return To Oz' is a curious and intriging film in the fantasy film genre and a remarkable one. This film is a departure from the 1939 sunshine and beloved musical film 'The Wizard of Oz', as it stays closely to the books by Frank Baum. What is offered here ia a darker,sophiscated and stylish vision of Oz. This film is actually a tale combined from two novels in the Oz series, 'Ozma of Oz and The Land of Oz'. First time director, Walter Murch takes us on a journey which starts out rather disturbing and may not appeal to younger children, but as we flow with the proceedings, we are in for a fantastic trip into the imagination. In fact, this film will go down well with adults for it's seriousness and artful. The film opens in Kansas where we see Dorothy having diificulties sleeping after her return from the adventures in Oz. The fram is in disrepairs caused by the cyclone. Dorothy is then send to a psychological instuition to help her overcome her insomnia. It is here where the darker side of the Oz books is revealed and at the same time, the fantasy elements creepes in. She meets a mysterious girl and helps Dorothy to escape when a freak thunderstorm hits and burns the instuition down. Their escape leads them to a river and Dorothy is swept off by the running waters. When she awakes, she finds herself in Oz again and the mysterious girl is nowhere to be found, instead she finds, Belina (a talking hen from the farm). We are now in the world of fantasy and magic and her adventures begins once again. In this film, we are introduced to new and fascinating characters who befriends and help Dorothy, as well as deliciously created villains. Familiar characters from the original Oz plays a secondary role in this one. This version depicts the land of Oz decimated, the yellow brick road in ruins and the magnificient Emerald City completely ruined and the citizens of Emerald City turned to stone and it is up to Dorothy to save the day again. New characters like Tik Tok, Pumpkinhead, The Gump and Belina teams up with Dorothy to go against Princess Mombi and The Gnome King, the new ruler of Oz. The plot this time is to free Oz from the curse of the Gnome King and restores Ozma (who happnes to be the mysterious girl) to her rightful throne. Though the film opens on a sombre note, it ends nicely and on a happy note. A truimphant and joyful victory for all. Production design are superb and opulent especially the Palace sequence and the finale. Specail effects are impressive and for the first time, 'claymation' is utilise to portray and depict the Gnome King, his subjects and his palace and it is cleverly used to maximise the effect. This method is coutesy of Will Vinton productions. Music score is provided by David Shire and he comes up with a visual score.  Fairuza Balk plays the pivotal role of Dorothy and she carries her role well and for a newcomer, she shows great potential. As for the adult cast, Nicol Williamson(The Gnome King), Jean Marsh(Princess Mombi). Piper Laurie (Aunt Em) and Matt Clark (Uncle Henry)gives a commendable role.  Though uncredited, both Steven Spielberg and Francis Ford Coppola lend a helping hand to Walter Murch to tackle a mega budgeted fantasy film and their magic are seen every now and then during the proceedings. When it was released in 1985,'Return To Oz' was open to a very mixed reveies from both critics and the public, saying that the film was too heavy and the dark undertones scares younger audiences and coming from the Disney studios, it was totally different. Simple reason is that it is always compared to the 1939 classic. I do agree that the 1939 is indeed deserving, but this sequel stands on it's own merit and it is an achievement for the director, the production people and to Disney to take this brave new challenge and in my books they did. Watch this new 'underated' classic on it's own merit and enjoy this splendid journey.ead, The Gump and Belina teams up with Dorothy to go against Princess Mombi and The Gnome King, the new ruler of Oz. The plot this time is to free Oz from the curse of the Gnome King and restores Ozma (who happnes to be the mysterious girl) to her rightful throne. Though the film opens on a sombre note, it ends nicely and on a happy note. A truimphant and joyful victory for all. Production design are superb and opulent especially the Palace sequence and the finale. Specail effects are impressive and for the first time, 'claymation' is utilise to portray and depict the Gnome King, his subjects and his palace and it is cleverly used to maximise the effect. This method is coutesy of Will Vinton productions. Music score is provided by David Shire and he comes up with a visual score.   Fairuza Balk plays the pivotal role of Dorothy and she carries her role well and for a newcomer, she shows great potential. As for the adult cast, Nicol Williamson(The Gnome King), Jean Marsh(Princess Mombi). Piper Laurie (Aunt Em) and Matt Clark (Uncle Henry)gives a commendable role.  Though uncredited, both Steven Spielberg and Francis Ford Coppola lend a helping hand to Walter Murch to tackle a mega budgeted fantasy film and their magic are seen every now and then during the proceedings. When it was released in 1985,'Return To Oz' was open to a very mixed reveies from both critics and the public, saying that the film was too heavy and the dark undertones scares younger audiences and coming from the Disney studios, it was totally different. Simple reason is that it is always compared to the 1939 classic. I do agree that the 1939 is indeed deserving, but this sequel stands on it's own merit and it is an achievement for the director, the production people and to Disney to take this brave new challenge and in my books they did. Watch this new 'underated' classic on it's own merit and enjoy this splendid journey.
6304286961|1.0|All I have to say on that movie is that it was really bad!!! All they wanted to do, was to make Jim and Patricia look bad and make Pam look good. They took every bad thing jim made and made a movie out of it. And by the way Val was horrible!! He did not fit. Jason Patric would have made a better job at it, and Jason looks more like Jim then anybody else!!! thats all I had to say.
B00003CXR1|4.0|FEAST AND FABLE<br />Movie Review of Chocolat<br />Chocolat is a sumptuous feast for those with a cinematic sweet tooth. A single mother (Juliette Binoche) driven by the restless wanderlust of her Navaho mother's spirit, moves to a quiet French town with her six year old daughter and opens a chocolate shop in the middle of Lent, the Catholic fast before Easter. Her free spirited atheism enrages the sanctimonious mayor (Alfred Molina), and a battle commences for the hearts and minds of the villagers.<br />There is magic swirling around Binoche and her chocolatery, blurring the lines between real and unreal and giving the story the feel of a fable.  However the gritty performance of Lena Olin as a battered wife keeps it from floating too far from earth. Swedish director Lasse Hallström (My Life as a Dog) once again paints a convincingly chilly portrait of small town life, aided by the capable acting of Binoche, Judi Dench and Johnny Depp in particular.  Be warned, however, the real star of this movie is the chocolate. Don't go on an empty stomach or you may find yourself worryingly distracted from the narrative flow. The story is light on dramatic urgency, but the cast stirs in their own spicy fruit into the half-baked script and the result is delicious enough to satisfy the most gluttonous of appetites.
B00005BL2A|3.0|I'm still not sure what to make of this CD.  Like others, I have enjoyed listening to Depeche Mode for years, and was quite &quot;excited&quot; after discovering they were releasing another CD.  After listening to it several times, however, I still can't quite decide whether I like this CD or not.<br />Just as everyone else has stated, the CD is quite different from most of Depeche Mode's earlier works.  It's a bit more balanced than Ultra, which had some catchy tunes and a few touching songs sung by Martin Gore.  However, while the new CD is more balanced by comparison, it doesn't contain any real memorable songs.  I long for the days of Music for the Masses and Violator (and their previous works), where you could actually sing along to most of the songs.  Their new album, however, lacks the strength off their previous works, and you'll be lucky to even remember the words, let alone sing along...
0394533992|5.0|WHEN I WAS 12 YEARS OLD, ALL I WANTED FOR CHRISTMAS WAS THIS BOOK, A MEAT GRINDER, AND A CHEF'S KNIFE. MY MOTHER INDULDGED ME, THANK GOD! THIS BOOK HAS STEAD ME WELL. I AM NOW FIFTY ONE (RECENTLY HOWEVER) HAVE MADE A TRIP TO FRANCE, HAVE BEEN CULINARY SCHOOLED, AND NOW OWN A SUCCESSFUL RESTAURANT OF MY OWN. YOU GO GIRL, YOU ARE THE BEST! DON'T LET THIS ONE PASS YOU BUY. TAKE IT TO BED WITH YOU.
B00003CXB2|5.0|<br />Since previous reviewers have covered the DVD-specific aspects of this item pretty thoroughly I hope you'll understand why I'm reviewing the film contents rather than the physical presentation.<br /><br />T.E. Lawrence was, in several senses, a bastard.<BR> He was the illegitimate son of a well-to-do Englishman who contributed financially to Lawrence's upbringing - but never had the faintest intention of formally recognising their relationship.<BR> This, at time when class and parentage were key pillars of a totally hypocritical social system, goes a long way to explaining Lawrence's ambiguous feelings about his own identity (he used several different names at one time or another), even down to his *allegedly* waivering sexuality.<br /><br />It may also help to explain why Lawrence was so drawn to the vast emptiness of the Arabian desert, despite his upbringing in England's &quot;green and pleasant land&quot;.<br /><br />In England, Lawrence had little option but to be whatever society made of him.  In Arabia he was able to be whatever he cared to make of himself.  (Which was no doubt why he had already spent quite some time in the Middle East before WW1 started - mainly on archaeological activities.)<BR> Thus the word play between Sherif Ali (Omar Sharif) &quot;It is written...&quot; and Lawrence (O'Toole) &quot;Nothing is written unless I write it&quot; has a significance far beyond Lawrence's sheer determination to return into the searing heat on 'The Anvil' to rescue Gasim (though there was indeed a real-life incident on which the episode was based).<br /><br />The subsequent episode in which Lawrence executes Gasim is not only about the metaphysical consideration of whether you can buck your fate.  It also refers us back to this question of just how far a man can truly control his own destiny in the face of social pressures.<BR> I personally believe that this brilliantly understated 'sub-text' is one of the primary reasons why the film has remained so successful for so long.<br /><br />A second, though less subtle, sub plot is linked to the nature of British Imperialism.<br /> When this film was made, most people living in Britain still remembered at least a part of the age of the great British Empire.  At the same time, however, with lands and colonies being stripped away at an ever-increasing rate, we were already entering the unknown `territory' of post-Colonialism.<br /><br />In part this meant a lingering pride in our previous power - when &quot;half the world was coloured red&quot; - but also a growing belief, in some quarters, that our main contribution to the countries we'd ruled had been to rip them off for as much of their wealth as we could lay our little hands on.<br /><br />In Victorian times we had justified our behaviour by elevating Darwinism - and particularly &quot;the Survival of the Fittest&quot; - to the level of both scientific and moral absolutes, thus excusing virtually any amount of disrespect to the natives of those countries we ruled over.<br /><br />With this idea in mind it is interesting to watch the interplay between the quintessential 'white man', Lawrence (even down to the colour of his robes) and the Arab 'hordes'.  Note, for example, Lawrence's several announcements that the Arabs shall have this or that because *he* will give it to them.  In reality, of course, it was Lawrence who was utterly dependent for his success.<BR> This contrast of Arab and Westerner hits home hardest, I think, in the scenes in Damascus, both in the Arab Parliament and in the Turkish hospital.  But it is not entirely one-sided.<br /><br />In the final scene in Allenby's office we find the General, the Machiavellian civil servant `Mr' Dryden (brilliantly portrayed by Claude Raines) and King Feisal (Alec Guinness) in conference.  It is they who will discuss and determine the future of Arabia, whilst Lawrence is `bumped up' to Colonel - and shipped home to England (where he can no longer cause any problems).<br /><br />By the way, although, in the film, Lawrence's funeral follows straight on from his return from Egypt, there was in reality a gap of approx. 18 years between the two events, during which he tried hard to escape from his fame by joining the RAF (1922) as J H Ross, a mechanic, then the Tank Corps (1923) as T E Shaw, and back to the RAF in 1925.  By the time of his fatal accident he had retired to a country cottage in Dorset.<br /><br />As a Brit. I find the film endlessly enthralling, and David Lean's direction is as profound and intelligent as you will find in ANY film from any country at any time.<br /><br />I wonder how it looks to non-Brits  8¬)
0679890475|5.0|This is the sweetest book! I'm not sure who loves it more, me or my daughter. The illustrations are simple yet colorful and eye catching enough for my active 17 month old. This is one of the only books she will sit still for. It really captivates her and holds her attention. I recommend every mom adding this book to their child's collection!
B000059TPN|5.0|A General and a group of patriotic Marines feeling betrayed by their own government have taken over Alcatraz Island and threaten to launch missiles filled with poison gas on San Francisco if their demands are not met. Who's to save the day? A FBI chemical &quot;super freak&quot; with no combat experience (Nicholas Cage) and a retired British Intelligence Agent (Sean Connery) who was a prisoner in Alcatraz. Both must use their wits in order to survive the wrath of the General and the trigger-happy Marines who are loyal to him. Pretty excellent movie from the stealing of the missiles, to the chase in San Francisco and to the fact when Stanley Goodspeed and John Mason find out that they must fight to the end in order to save San Francisco, Alcatraz, and their own lives. Why is it that this movie is good? It has all the elements of an action movie.<br />One star for gripping story. One star for excellent sound and visuals. One star for action other than huge gunfights like the Matrix or aerial situations such as Air Force One. One star for a different type of hero: A scared chemical expert and an aged man who still got his combat skills! One star for the ending (I won't tell you. You'll have to see it!)<br />5 stars is my rating and there is no good reason why you cannot rate this movie one star.
0805053883|5.0|My 17 month old absolutley loves this book! The pictures are vibrant and colorful and she loves the repetitive phrases all through out this book. She wants me to read to her all day long and this book is always in her stack of &quot;favorites&quot;. She is learning the many different sounds animals make as a result of reading this book over and over and over! I highly recommend you add this gem to your child's library!
6304806434|4.0|&quot;Welcome to Con Air,&quot; Cameron Poe, a former soldier who is convicted of killing a man in a brawl while protecting his wife is going home on a prisoner plane. With some bad news. A professional killer who escaped twice and made a deal with drug lords, a black radcial who made many invasions on white groups,  a crazy man who rapes women too much (which I find it very sickening), and a troubled insane butcher (which I also find sickening) who hijack the plane and cause trouble for the law. It's up to the mind of Cameron Poe who cooperates with Vince Larkin, a federal agent who owns the plane and wants it back. Cameron Poe does what it takes by befriending with the most evil convict, Cyrus The Virus, giving away the plane's location to the authorities, and kicking the bad guy's @$$. Minus one star for story. Why would the authorities be so stupid enough to put every smart and insane convict in one plane which causes them to team up and hijack the plane? But hey, this is cool aerial action. If you want to see another movie like this, check out Air Force One.
0312958455|4.0|Harry's in trouble with his superiors again.  This time it's gotten him suspended pending the outcome of psychiatric treatment.  While he's on suspension he decides to clear up a family mystery that's bothered him for 30-odd years.  His mother's murder.<br />Harry's methods are not always orthodox, which is both why he's always getting into trouble and what makes these books so interesting.  With his usual relentless determination, the investigation takes him from his home turf in LA to Florida, Las Vegas and back home.<br />Once again Michael Connelly has produced an outstanding mystery that is, at times dark and depressing, yet leaving me wanting more.
0783219598|2.0|Here is one of the best movies ever made, but with 1/3 of the image missing.  Don't buy this one, folks, wait and buy the wide-screen version.
B0000508U6|5.0|So, there is hope for music after all.  The savior: Coldplay, with their latest album &quot;Parachutes&quot;.  And listening to this album is likely to make you feel like you're in a parachute, or at least wish you could be.  In a time when so much of what is called &quot;music&quot; is really nothing more than a collection of cliches to the same old beat, Coldplay offers a ray of hope- with truly beautiful, thought-out lyrics and instruments that transcend the disgrace that is TRL.  The voice of lead singer Christopher Martin desparately searching for &quot;the light at the end of the tunnel&quot;.  The difference is that Chris seems to have actually found the light he's searching for, and to that end his vocals are inspirational and hopeful.  The album opener &quot;Don't Panic&quot; assures us that &quot;we live in a beautiful world, yeah we do, yeah we do.&quot;  In the lead single &quot;Yellow&quot; Chris worships the girl of his dreams, although I get the impression that his love is not returned-  &quot;Your skin, oh yeah your skin and bones turn into something beautiful.  You know, you know I love you so.&quot;  Other gems include &quot;Trouble&quot; with its mysterious piano intro and &quot;Sparks&quot;.  Really, though, all of the songs are superb and illustrate the immense talent of Coldplay.  We should definitely hear from these guys again, at least I hope so.  The band has renewed my faith in modern rock music.  Rejoice everyone, for music's savior has arrived!!
0671721720|4.0|After On Basilisk station RMN Captain Honor harrington is back with a vengence.  In the last book she had to deal with earning the respect of her new crew. This Time It's a Planet.  Fighting both Haven and a new Player The Masadans She is fighting almost a millenium of Misogyny and religious zealots she has fight not only for her Honor(No Pun unless you want) and the honor of her queen( there's that pun again).  Again David Weber brings Old style sea battles to outer space. Like before these books have a slow build to an exciting climax. if you read the first you'l want to read it again just to see how NImitz and the rest are doing.   and Nimitz has an active role this time
B000001FQ8|5.0|On apersonal level, this is the most satisfying album JM has ever made.  He wrote the most wonderful lyrics with absolutely beautiful songs.  This is John's finest moment in storeytelling, even better that Scarecrow and The Lonesome Jubilee-classics in their own right.  But he does something different here and I don't think I have ever figured it out, but it works.  Don't miss the hidden track at the end of the album, it's worth the price of the album alone!
B000056K04|5.0|Ok, I have read a bunch of these reviews and for the most part they are negative. I would have to disagree with the majority of the things that are said. Granted, DMB's new album is different, but in a lot of ways that just makes it better because who really wants to listen to the same kind of stuff over and over. I thought that when BTCS came out it was very different from what I already knew of DMB, but eventually I learned the words and the tunes and have learned to love it. And I think that will happen with a lot of people for their new album Everyday. When I first heard it I honestly wasn't all that excited about it, but if you give it a chance and listen to the music and the lyrics you will learn to love it.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool is by far one of the greatest bands I have ever experienced.They impossible to describe with words. When you hear tool you will understand. This new album is as great as any other tool album. All the songs are pure genious. The cover art and booklet are so great. I just cant even explain it. Just great music. Experience it and you will live for the first time .
B000001ESP|5.0|I bought this album the day it came out in April 1981.  I was a relative newbie to Rush fandom at that time.  Too bad for me, because I think RUSH had just reached their creative summit, and was about to begin a general decline (tho' I wouldn't say Rush ever &quot;sold out&quot;, as many early Rush fans accuse them of).<br />&quot;Balance&quot; is the key word to my review.  Rush balanced their individual musicianship in these songs, and the style of songs balanced their progressive roots with a more efficient 80's approach.  Importantly, the keyboards still balanced with Alex's guitars, and did not overwhelm the soundspace.  Oh yes, Neil's drums were very well recorded here...very clear and resonant!<br />I actually hated &quot;Tom Sawyer&quot; the first time I put the needle to the vinyl, and I've never really liked it much since...(with the exception of &quot;The Spirit of Radio&quot;, I don't tend to like Rush's lead-off radio promo songs).  <br />&quot;Red Barchetta&quot; is kind of a musical storytelling experience...nicely done!  Who cares if it's only about a car?  Rush is allowed to write about mundane things once in a while.<br />&quot;YYZ&quot; is a flashy instrumental with, admittedly, a disco-esque feel.  Very jammin' though, and the incorporation of the morse code for the Tornto airport is quite cool!<br />&quot;Limelight&quot; is a very well-written song with a rich sound.  Gotta dig Neil banging that gong bass drum at the end!  Lyrically, it's a unique song from a Rock band.  How many Rock stars fear having &quot;insufficient tact&quot;?<br />&quot;The Camera Eye&quot;:  An earlier review said that this song could have been made at 3 1/2 minutes rather than 11.  I think it could have gone on for ANOTHER five minutes!  This is one of my favorite Rush songs.  11 minutes - hell yeah!!  The music has the time to map out a wonderful texture with full-bodied (gotta be a Gibson, heh) guitars blaring over nifty-sounding synth lines.  The double- and triple-tracked acoustic and electric guitars sound magnificent.  The drums groove through the whole thing with power and finesse.  Geddy's voice is just right.  The lyrics are vivid.  Ahh yes, play it again, I have another 11 minutes to spare!<br />&quot;Witch Hunt&quot; is like black tar spewing from your speakers.  A dark subject is perfectly illustrated by a heavy, brooding sound.  The multi-tracked drums are intense.<br />&quot;Vital Signs&quot; is OK, and offers a whole different feel to round out the album.  It's light, upbeat sound is in stark contrast to that of Witch Hunt.  I still think the Police did a much better job with reggae-rock than Rush ever did.  Still, not to be dismissed entirely.
0684833395|5.0|I started off reading Catch-22 slowly, not really getting into it, but that quickly changed. By the time I hit about page 110, I was hooked. From then on I spent all my free time reading it. This book is not only the best overall of books I've read, but it is by far the funniest. The hilarious schemes concocted by Milo to the hilariously sane logic of self-preservation provided by Yosarian make this book the best. That's all I have to say, read it, you'll love it.
0679879269|5.0|This book is one of my favourites! I am an incredibly fast reader (I read the 4th Harry Potter book in one-and-a-half days), and this book actually took me time to read. It is quite challenging, and your opinion changes several times throughout the course of the story, with a supprising ending.
B0000048CX|4.0|This album should appeal to a broad audience.  It is melodic and textured without ever being in danger of becoming prepackaged top 40 music.  At first listen, the relationship between this album and the rest of YLT's oeuvre may appear puzzling or nonexistent.  However, after a while I think every song on this album--even the covers--become recognizably Yo La Tengo's.<br />The two standout tracks, to my mind, are &quot;Did I Tell You&quot; (a softer rendition of a YLT original previously released on &quot;New Wave Hot Dogs&quot;) and &quot;Speeding Motorcycle.&quot;  They're the sort of songs that belong on mix tapes for girlfriends.<br />If you've contemplated giving YLT a listen, I'd recommend you start here.  If you love Sonic Youth, and someone told you to try Yo La Tengo, I'd start elsewhere...
6304535570|5.0|If you are like me then you can't resist a good spy film; especially if my saint, Val Kilmer, appears in it!   The film doesn't really follow the storyline of the books or the series, with Roger Moore.  If you are nostalgic about the series then this probably isn't the best film for you.   The film itself is a blend of action, romance and comedy at times.  The stars of the film; Val Kilmer (Heat) and Elizabeth Shue (Hollow Man), have a genuinely believable romance that leaves any Val Kilmer fan wishing that they were Elizabeth!  As for the Russians in the film; they add a refreshing edge which reminds us of how corrupt the World can be.   The film follows the life of a thief who's only aim is to make $50 million, any way he can, and he uses the names of Catholic Saints to hide his trail.  Meanwhile in a small corner of the World, Dr. Emma Russel has just discovered a scientific Phenomenon.  The Russians want her discovery and they are willing to pay whatever and kill whoever it takes to get hold of it.  The Saint then gets caught up in a web of Russian Maffia, intigue and love.   When you have seen the film as many times as I have you learn to love each Saint for all their different qualities!
B00005B36H|2.0|What has happened? Has it become formulaic? And to think I was so excited to get this disk.<br />Every previous thing created by Tool has been a work of collective genius. 'Brain rock'... so what is this Lateralus thing? <br />I've listened through the disk 5 or 6 times in hopes of finding it valuable. Alas, I can, without hesitation, say that this disk is almost completely UNremarkable.<br />The songs are the 'standard' Tool fare: average of 6 minutes or so per song and some decent sonic candy. Very brief parts of the album shine (though no particulars come to mind... which is exactly the problem here!). No organ intermissions, no messages to Harry Manback, not even a real distinction between different songs on the album. Nothing about this disk grabs you and pulls you in.<br />With soooo much talent, how can something like Lateralus have been created. Maybe it was just a bad year. I thoroughly look forward to the next album, all the while salivating for the power and draw of songs like 'Intolerance' and 'Forty Six &amp; 2'!
B00005B36H|5.0|The other two hundred reviewers here on Amazon.com have taken all the words to describe this amazing achievement by one of the best bands today right out of my mouth. This album was well-worth the wait. If Maynard hadn't given Tool fans his side-project, APC, and the Salival box set, we might have all spontaniously combusted from the pressure of waiting 5 years for Lateralus. the band has made an obvious progression in their music and they can only get better. They are clearly one of the best rock bands ever. Go out and buy this album.
B000059ZLH|5.0|oh, its not 5.1, OH, its not 16x9x24/7, oh shut the Front Door! ASOLs! Take a step back, look what we've got here- Scenes From A Memory, performed LIVE to perfection, WITH a BONUS audio commentary from the Band! Story line (who knew WHAT the storyline was prior to this?) musical comments, comical comments, ie, Things I NEVER Knew! \\"Metropolis 2000\\" OPEN YOUR EYES! And as if that wasn't enuf, here's \\"A CHANGE OF SEASONS\\" in its LIVE ENTIRETY ! Before this, there were only bits and pieces, here's the whole thing! You can give this to your kids when its time, isn't that the whole idea? Hey, when JPetrucci looks behind him in \\"The Spirit Carries On\\" and sees that his music has been given a life of its own, by the choir and Teresa, THIS is the magic that can only be described as Pure Human Energy, the PSI factor, transcendental whatever, THIS IS THE REAL McCOY! Don't trash it, buy it! And buy it fo your friends! This was a night in history, and if you weren't there, then this IS the 2nd best thing! GET IT!
0446347949|5.0|Although it has been many years since this book was first published (1993), it remains relevant to the contemporary business world and is probably more valuable now than ever before. It is truly a &quot;classic&quot; in company with Levitt's The Marketing Imagination and few others. The basic concept is that whatever you and your associates may think of what you sell, how it is perceived by those who are asked to buy is really what determines whether or not it will be purchased. Literally, the marketplace's perceptions (including those of competitors) are the decisive realities. To position a given product or service effectively, therefore, is to have it perceived to be superior to (or at least more desirable than) other purchase options. In an age when almost every product and service has become a commodity, &quot;customer service&quot; and &quot;brand equity&quot; have necessarily been re-defined but the principles affirmed by Ries and Trout remain unchanged. The challenge to marketers now is to differentiate with a more complicated multiple of components which include perceived value (rather than cost), perceived quality, perceived reliability (hence product or service credibility as well as credibility of seller), and perceived ease and convenience of doing business with the seller. There is one other component which should also be included: the pleasure of the purchase experience which Schmitt's explains brilliantly in Experiential Marketing as do Pine and Gilmore in The Experience Economy and Wolf in The Entertainment Economy.<br />When Ries and Trout wrote this book almost a decade ago, the positioning strategies they recommended were in response to a competitive marketplace quite different from the one they and we now survey. Nonetheless, the urgency of effective positioning remains...indeed is even greater today. This is one of the very few books on marketing which should be re-read at least every 3-6 months. (Ditto Levitt's book.) One final point: There is a direct correlation between customer expectations and their perceptions. As the former become higher (sometimes unrealistic), the latter change accordingly. Whatever you offer for sale, make certain that you fully understand customer expectations first before deciding how to manage customer perceptions. Those perceptions are within a frame-of-reference which constantly changes. Positioning is not a location; rather, a strategic imperative.s a direct correlation between customer expectations and their perceptions. As the former become higher (sometimes unrealistic), the latter change accordingly. Whatever you offer for sale, make certain that you fully understand customer expectations first before deciding how to manage customer perceptions. Those perceptions are within a frame-of-reference which constantly changes. Positioning is not a location; rather, a strategic imperative.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Oh Brother, Where Art Thou? Is a fine example of the musical styles of the deep south during the depression era of the late 1920's and 1930's.<br />This is the music of rural America and it's people. From farmers to politcians and from convicts to church-goers. The lost dreams and of the hopes for a brighter future.<br />I personally welcome the return of &quot;roots&quot; music and to a long lost, simpler way to make music. The use of traditional instruments, Guitars, Fiddles, Banjo's, Mandolins etc. is easy on the ear than in my opinion, so called &quot;electrified&quot; music of a later era.<br />If you are a lover of old time music, you should pick this one up.
0783240236|2.0|In my opinion this movie is one of Hitch's worst.  The movie has an incredibly pointless plot which kept me completely disinterested.  Also, the acting is fairly low par at times, especially from Tippi Hedren.  But, the movie isn't a complete loss. The story could be probed a little deeper, as could any movie.  However, I wouldn't suggest this movie to most people.  If your going to watch a Hitchcock movie, check out something like Vertigo, Rebecca, or The Man Who Knew Too Much.  Those are true classics.
0385486804|5.0|Into the Wild, by Jon Krakauer, is an interesting book. Though the book in non-fiction, the book not written with the help of the main character. It is the true story of Chris McCandless&#8217; journey to Alaska and eventual death. His story is built on the accounts of the others that knew him. His journey through The United States, Canada and Mexico is one that is very challenging and only a handful would attempt. ...   One of his ideas is the abandonment of modern society. When filling out a tax form he thoroughly told off the IRS. That is an act that I one day hope to be able to do. Maybe not for all my life, but perhaps living off the land for a year or so would be an experience. After all, Chris destroyed or abandoned everything he had up to that point.   McCandless is a lot like Holden Caulfield from Catcher in the Rye. Both characters are trying to find their identity and are hoping their journey will give them a clue. They both had distant relationships with their parents, and are leaving a &#8220;normal&#8221; world in their journey to a stranger one.   McCandless was successful in everyone&#8217;s eyes but his own. He was an honor student and was offered a membership to Cum Laude Society, which he rejected because titles are meaningless to him. He was a star athlete and had many friends.   Another aspect is the accounts of others that have also gone &#8220;Into the Wild.&#8221; Of all the others mentioned, all survived and one is Jon Krakauer, himself. After all, Krakauer first wrote the article on Chris McCandless in Outside Magazine.  Some people offer the idea that Chris was crazy and was pent on death from the beginning. He wrote in one letter, &#8220;If I do not return, I want you to know you are a great man.&#8221; I feel that his death was a terrible tragedy, as does Krakauer. My idea is that he was on a quest to find his identity and it was cut short.
0783226063|3.0|It's best to think of this as more as an audio-visual feast than a proper film. 'Dune', the novel, is big and complex, requiring that the reader has an understanding of the far-future universe before he or she can grasp the complexities of the story (which, at heart, is an old-fashioned tale of feudal intrigue). Lynch adapts the book completely the wrong way - he stuffs in as many concepts and characters as he can, whilst removing large parts of the story. The upshot is that a lot of actors appear at the beginning of the film, introduce themselves, and then vanish, leaving us, the audience, wondering whether we were supposed to remember them, and wondering if they were important. Patrick Stewart, for example, appears for less than ten minutes, despite being quite a major character. But as something to look at and listen to it's superb. The production design is very reminiscent of the 1980 'Flash Gordon', but darker and more baroque, and is based in part on sketches by H R Giger (created for an aborted mid-70s version of the film), and the 'look' is almost uniformly perfect. The music, by arch-AOR session men Toto, is actually quite good, and there's a little bit of Brian Eno in there too. Patrick Stewart, Jurgen Prochnow and Francesca Annis (who looks very nice in a stillsuit) are pretty much definitive in their roles, whilst the rest of the actors range from good (McLachlan) to sort-of-okayish (Sting isn't all *that* bad, not that he has very much to do) to poor (Freddy Jones and that horrible little girl). Lynch himself was very disappointment with the result, and this might be the reason why the DVD itself doesn't have a great deal of extras (a trailer and some notes, essentially).
B0000039PW|3.0|first off biggie was a good rapper with the way he contructed his lyrics. i am a hiphop fan i like all hiphop from newhere. thought i generally prefer the westcaost style of rap and beats. neway back to the point this was a good lp but falls short to, yes u guessed it, TUPAC SHAKURS work. biggie was a good rapper but doesnt even come close to 2pac he was and still is second best. he was, in my mind a copy of 2pac. came witht the thug style first and biggie tryied to come with it too dont get me wrong he does it well but it is not original. 2pac went into his heart and soul for his lyrics biggie was just a rapper 2pac was sumthing more than that he was a phrophet. there r some good tracks on this lp such as &quot;jucie&quot; the upbeat &quot;gimme the loot&quot; and &quot;big poppa&quot; if u want sumthing average get this if u want sumthing classic get a 2pac album ne1 he always delives good work. the production on this album is good cant fault it but the only problem is whatever biggie trys to do 2pac does it better as the D.O.C says &quot;no 1 can do it better&quot; look at the deep song by 2pac &quot;dear mamma&quot; this is true deep hearfelt lyrics also &quot;so many tears&quot; arguably 2pacs deepest song. sorry biggie but u feel short
B00005B36H|5.0|There's something about it. Yeah! You know what I'm saying! It seems to culminate in the 9th song (yeah you know the one) the title (sic) track, 'Lateralis'. That's the one where Maynard sings to you what you've been feeling when you're standing in the middle of that crowd (with luck you're not getting kicked in the head by...kids who think crowd-surfing is still the &quot;in-thing&quot;) and you're as close to the center of the front of the stage as it takes to be enveloped (push it, watch it bend) in their live performance. And...isn't that the best dang thing you ever heard! Oh but wait, it gets deeper. And they move on, all the while carrying you along to their next burst (embrace the random) of the closest thing many of you have ever heard to God, him/her/it/self! Woooosh! Now that's refreshing to see/hear/feel! It's OK. If every band did this (or ever came close), it wouldn't be that T-H-I-N-G! This is it folks. I can't wait to hear what's next already! It's all good. This is special. this is TRUE!
B000002UAU|5.0|...to fully appreciate how revolutionary this record was.  The advance press had everyone prepared for something out of the ordinary but Pepper was still a jaw dropper because it sounded so different from everything recorded before it.  The biggest pop act in the biz ignored all conventions, including the love song, and ignored many recording and songwriting conventions in the bargain.  As usual, the Beatles set the pace and everyone else worked like mad to catch up.  The proof is in the songs, of course, and some people don't like the songs because the songs are generally about everyday experiences seen from new angles.  Is this the greatest rock'n'roll record?  To whom and who cares!  It's a great record and that's good enough for me.
B00003CXP1|5.0|Simply put, this is the most impactful movie I've ever seen in my entire life.  The imagery is ruthlessly brilliant in showing not only the effects of addiction, but in reminding us just how many of us are addicts.  Coffee, gambling, dope, sex; just about every addiction is chronicled, and in a way that is both compelling and disturbing at the same time.  It leads you along, in the comfort of your safe home and relatively addictionless mind, toward what I believe to be THE best conclusion I've ever seen in a film.  It's one of those things that leaves you aghast and wondering &quot;what the hell just happened?&quot;  An exquisite piece of work and highly recommended.<br />On a side note, I would definitely recommend the unedited version, as I think the 'creepy' sex scene is a critical part of the finale, and removing this scene would greatly lessen the impact of this part.
6305657947|4.0|Fantastic. In some ways, it's just a glorified version of cops-and-robbers. Pierce Brosnan is superb in the role of billionaire businessman Thomas Crown, who steals a $100 million painting just for kicks. That gets investigator Rene Russo onto his trail.. and tail. But the highlight of this film is its extravagance. Private jets, fancy dinners, corner offices, weekends in the Caribbean. Crown is, in a word, stylin'. Repeated viewings seem to have a therapeutic effect on those of us who earn annually about a third of what Crown's shoes are worth.
B00005B36H|5.0|I read somewhere a comment made by a person who preferred APC to Tool : &quot;They don't sound as Satanic.&quot; A ridiculous statement to be sure, but I couldn't help but reflect on that simpleminded thought listening to Aenima again, with its primal-scream, almost hateful lyrics, muddled production values, and evil-sounding interludes (&quot;Message to Harry Manback&quot;, &quot;+/- Ions&quot;, &quot;Die eier von satan&quot;). <br />But you don't get that sense with this album, the same drama is there, the same tension, even some of the same raw anger, but its much more coherent as a whole. And if, clocking in at a massive 78 minutes and 58 seconds, it rambles a bit at points, well, all the better to linger on a beautiful thought, don't you agree ? Listen to the lyrics Maynard sings over the deep and funky groove of Parabol/Parabola : &quot;Recognize this as a holy gift and celebrate this chance to be alive and breathing/Remember/We are eternal/All this pain is an illusion.&quot; Does this sound like the same Maynard who wrote Anenima, a corrosive fantasy about California dropping into the sea along with &quot;millions of dumbfounded dips****&quot; ? <br />And I don't know who slipped Danny Carey, resident mystic and &quot;batterie&quot; for Tool, the happy pill, but he is all over the place on this album. Bashing his skins like he has something to prove, and his life may just depend on it. Its the biggest drum sound I have ever heard on a rock album since Peter Gabriel and Jerry Marotta were doing the two-step in the early eighties.<br />&quot;The Grudge&quot;, the first King Crimson-like incantation on the album, is his most propulsive moment. At one point in this song, easily the most rhythmically complex thing Tool has ever attempted, he does three double-time tempo changes, one after the other, with double bass while pounding the snare.<br />My favorite moment on this album chock gosh-darn full of favorite moments is &quot;The Patient.&quot; In this song Maynard goes through all the emotions and moods and nails some absolutely riveting, majestic vocal harmonies. It represents the synthesis of all of the melodic possibilities that A Perfect Circle provided whilst sacrificing none of the near-thuggish, primal lurch that is the backbone of Tool. If the rest of the album had followed that direction, I would be more than satisfied with the 5-year wait, but instead Tool chooses to challenge the listener and take even more daring chances. There is the effectively venemous &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot;, quite possibly the only song on this album you might be able to label a &quot;throwback&quot;; the catchy single &quot;Schism&quot; (which is either a paean to troubled lovers, or perhaps a statement of healing from Maynard to the rest of the members of Tool, after the success of his side project APC) punctuated by Justin Chancellor's fantastic complex bass riff; the lyrical juxtaposition of Parabol/Parabola; or the near 22-minute slow simmer, Eastern-tinged suite of Disposition, Reflection and Triad, which sports some stunning textural Adam Jones/Justin Chancellor interlocking guitar/bass interplay.<br />There comes a point at which all successful musicians eventually reach no matter what their fan base is, where they have to make music they write or perform that is more for their own gratification than others, or else they have to rehash old formulas and eventually become some worn-out retread on the oldies circle (see also : John Kay and Steppenwolf). If they take that step, they can only hope that a few of their fans do get it. Looking at nearly 80 minutes of music, I am fairly certain that many of the music press will throw out accusations of self-gratification - or even worse, the &quot;progressive&quot; label of doom. But this is not that album. Its not even close to that album. Tool is trying to say something; they have a rare but undeniable death-grip on something deep, powerful and primal and the even rarer ability tobring it through in their music. Its mathematical and complex, to be sure, but not erudite and inaccessible. It is exhilarating and mystical.
B00000IMCW|5.0|This is the sequel to Night of the Living Dead ( 1968), it starts off in Pennsylvania ( the same town) and years since the Zombie House inncident occured, the Zombies return for revenge. This time, The Zombies are taking over the entire state of Pennslyvania while a group of SWAT team members hide out in America's Biggest Mall for shelter and a place to get lots of weapons to defend against the flesh eating Ghouls.<br />It's a impressive work of Horror and art at the same time, it shows what Society has created and that it could be destroyed. It's got plenty of splatter to please you horror fans and it's done by Tom Savini's unique special effects makeup.<br />Recommendations: Night of the Living Dead, Day of the Dead, The Evil Dead, Scanners, and Scream.
B000053VAF|5.0|People say they aren't offended by it's religion bashing views, just by the narrow scope at which Kevin Smith views religion...  SAME THING!  This is a hilarious movie, and it deserves every ounce of praise it gets.  Kudos to KS!
B00003CXPC|5.0|A friend from Ireland recommended this movie to me, as it had touched him deeply. I saw the DVD of it about 3 weeks ago, and it has been on my mind ever since. The acting job by Jamie Bell is superb - I cannot imagine why he didn't win any major awards for his portrayal of Billy Elliot. The accents are hard to understand, but it is worth putting the effort into it. This story should touch your heart in a very special way - I know it did mine.
B00004WGC4|5.0|I DEMAND THESE BE RELEASED ON DVD!<br />OR MANUEL NO WANT TO WORK HERE NO MORE!<br />Que?<br />MANUEL
B000050XEI|5.0|The first time I heard of Enya (consequently, she is named after a Moon Goddess in Celtic Mythology) was Book of Days. I was stunned to feel the energy, passion, and exquisite majesty of someone I longed to hear and did doth I listen. Her mystical charm graced all her albums and nary did I ever miss a song. &quot;Only Time&quot;, like so many others, hit me so emotionally that I cried as usual--I was at the movies watching the preview of &quot;Sweet November&quot;. I think the thing I love about Enya the most is how her music is healing, setting somber thoughts free, full of hope springs eternal. Surely, after 30 million sold and no live performances, you can say she is Simply the Best. -Felecia Constance Rowe, Chairwoman, Teardropfilms, Ltd.
B00004XOWM|4.0|I thought this was a great album.  It realy moves me and it make me want to sing along.  But If you hapen to get a song stuck in your head at school, your in trouble.  If you have a tendancy to do that, like me, I would recomend the edited version.  I would give this album 5 stars but the language is terible.  A song can still be great and move you even if it has a clean lyrics.  C'mon Fred, I know your a good boy on the inside!
630438551X|3.0|The contemporary retelling of Shakespeare's tale really does not work on many levels.  While it's not impossible to have a high quality modernization of Shakespeare (Richard III is a good example), it is difficult.  Luhrmann can't quite pull it off.  Perhaps it was the attempt to really &quot;glitz&quot; things up or to use campy, El Mariachi style effects, but regardless of effort, R&amp;J falls short.<br />DiCaprio is terrible.  This is perhaps his worst performance up to this film; however, Luhrmann did well in casting him in this film, because he, like Danes, works well as naive, star-crossed lovers.  It's just that he's not made for Shakespearean lines.<br />There are certainly some high points to the movie.  Clair Danes actually performs fairly well, and she's cute as a button (which is how one should envision the 14-year old Juliet).  John Leguizamo certainly becomes an ominous character of danger playing Tybalt's role.<br />R&amp;J may be worth renting, but I think you should really consider whether or not it's worth adding to your collection.
B00003CXP1|3.0|I had very high expectations as I started up the Requiem for a Dream DVD yesterday, and maybe thats why I felt a bit dissapointed. I love a great story, and I love movies that are about the troubles of kids that occur these days in age. Overall, I thought this movie to be very dark, and highly disturbing. When someone tells you this movie is unforgettable; for about the first two days after you see it, it is. I tossed and turned in my bed after I watched it thinking about the ending. While I love the disturbing aspects of the movie, I didnt enjoy the story or the dialogue. The dialogue and conversations in the movie are highly unintelligent and sound like nothing I would of said six years ago when I was in high school. This movie is one of those movies where they take you from scene to scene to watch events unfold, but you are constantly asking yourself &quot;how can these kids make such stupid decisions?&quot; and &quot; why the hell are they doing that for?&quot;. In the end, other drug movies like Trainspotting and Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas bury this movie alive. I recommend everyone watch it at least once, but leave your brain, and your food at the door :).
B000056VIY|1.0|I think this CD is well-produced, but because of her weak and unskilled voice, the producers had to put lots of effects to polish it up
B00005AXEL|5.0|I haven't stopped listening to this CD since I bought it, I just can't get the songs out of my head.  I've been a Stevie fan since I was 13 (I'm 32 now), but after &quot;The Other Side of the Mirror&quot; I stopped following what she was up to and listened to &quot;Bella Donna,&quot; &quot;The Wild Heart,&quot; and her Fleetwood Mac work with fondness.  To see our gypsy back in such fine form makes me so happy; I could be speaking from the rush of the new, but I really think this is the best album of her solo career, definitely a masterpiece.  There are so many stand-out songs on this, but &quot;Too Far from Texas&quot; is so far the only track I've actually repeated on my CD player 2 or 3 times in a row before letting the rest of the CD play on.  It's not one of the songs that keeps getting mentioned in reviews, but I'd have to say it's my favorite. &quot;Love is,&quot; is gorgeous as well.  The one small quibble I have: I wish Macy Gray's vocals on &quot;Bombay Sapphires&quot; were just a bit more prominent.  Otherwise, this is definitely going down as one of my essential albums.
0375416676|5.0|I've read most all of Daniel Silva's novels, but this one is by far the very Best yet.
B00005B36H|5.0|After 5 long awaited years, Tool is finally back with a new full-length cd! It is amazing from beginning to end. I personally think that this cd is one of their slowest albums yet, but is it defitally one of their best! I like the way some of the songs flow into each other, for example, &quot;Eon Blue Apocolype&quot; is just a simple guitar riff that slows down towards the end, and lifts up into &quot;The Patient&quot;. Then it dow the same thing from &quot;Parabol&quot; to &quot;Parabola&quot;. There is nothing this group cannot do, everything has been mastered in a perfect way. The sound quality is excellent, and Maynard's voice is as Awe-Inspiring as ever. Be sure you pick up this newest release, you will not be disapointed.
1558807381|3.0|The 1980's were quite the decade for sci-fi and fantasy films. Legend (released in 1986) is one of the most visually stunning movies I've ever seen. One reason alone to watch this movie would be to see the amazing surreal landscapes. That said though the movie still has some major flaws. The script is really poor and the characters are extremely shallow. If the main actress (Mia Sara) wasn't so beautiful I probably would've never watched this movie again. The first third of the movie is great, but after that it's all down hill; it just gets darker and darker and it loses it's fantasy feel-- it turns more into a cheesy horror movie. Tim Curry, who plays Satan or whatever, is excellent, and Tom Cruise is okay-- considering that the script was so shoddy. I think they could've done without the stupid elves and midgets, which were mainly for comic relief, but I never laughed. I liked the fairy girl and Gump though. Overall it could've been a lot better.
0440224764|2.0|The Partner by John Grisham is non-stop action, for the first thirty pages.  The next three hundred pages or so that follow, is nothing more than a man sitting in a hospital bed telling his lawyer how he made it all happen.  You see, Patrick Lanigan, the main character was a lawyer at a prominant lawfirm before he stole 90 million dollars from them, faked his own death and was on the run for four years until he was caught.  That was the exciting part of this book, the first thirty pages. After you read the first thirty pages put the book down or go on the run for four years yourself because that is how long this book seemed to read.
0780631684|4.0|Despite getting a bad rap by some for not having enough boobs and pecks (some people), this is a first class thriller. It was fun to see in the movie theatre and actually have a sincere horrified reaction. James Wong and Glen Morgan did an excellent job on the screenplay, (I loved their work on The X-Files).  Smart and scary. A definite recommendation for those looking for something more than someone in a mask with a knife.
0446608955|5.0|I had previously read Message in a Bottle, (and seen the movie too) and The Notebook, and absolutely enjoyed both, so I was fairly comfortable in believing that I'd like this one too. I had bought it for a friend at Christmas, and she finally gave it to me to read. I started it on a wednesday morning, and was finished by thursday evening. It takes you on an emotional roller coaster, as do all of Sparks books. But in the end, you feel uplifted, not drained. You believe in goodness, and love. You genuinely like the characters, even the crusty old preacher/dad Hegbert in the end. The story that unfolds between Jamie and Landon, is believable and heart warming, and you'll wish the book were longer to enjoy it even more.
B00003CXE7|2.0|I don't know what all the hype is about. This movie was barely worth the rental fee that I paid. I would wait until it's on TV personally. I don't really think that Juaquin Phoenix should be acting and I don't think that Russell Crowe is all that fancy either. I would have enjoyed the movie more if they had both been eaten by lions.
B00005BL2A|5.0|DM is back &amp; sounding great.  Like all DM works, it takes multiple listenings to decide whether you like it or not. This is a geniune effort! Can't wait to see them live for the 7th time! DM RULES.
B00005B36H|5.0|Well what can I say? This is a truely extraordinary album. It's hard to believe that the standards set by Tool back in 1996 when they released the predicessor Ænima could even be equaled... Rather than trying to make this a 'better album' like a lot of bands do (and let's face it, it's hard to find an album 'better' than the sheer talent of Ænima) they explore new grounds. From the second you play the first track 'The Grudge' you know you're in for one of the best 80 minutes of your life.<br />Each song is like a journey of somesort - it takes you to different places, and the different dynamics used in the music really refelct this. From the slow wilderness of 'Eon Blue Apocalypse' to the sheer high-speed riding of the guitars on 'Parabola' is truely breath takeing. Songs with dark edges, such as 'Schism' haunt you as do 'Mantra', 'Larteralis' and 'Reflection'.<br />Like Nine Inch Nails' 'The Fragile' you can't just whack on the CD and skip to any track, it requires a good listening to fully appreciate it. You'll be thankful for it... And this has got to be the best album I've heard since 'The Fragile' (and I don't say thart loosely).<br />'Lateralus' is more than an album, it's an Epic! If you download this off the internet, you should be ashamed, I feel proud to own this album, and believe me, you will too. Tool are the musical geniuses of 2001 (except Trent Reznor, of course). Your life will be improved if you buy this album - no two ways about it!!!
0451191153|4.0|I have to hand it to Ayn Rand; the book consumed me while I read it. She espouses individuality and artistic freedoms over classical reproductions and socialism. The book is rich with metaphor, concepts and philosophy. Her characters are one-dimensional stereotypes that could be viewed as ideas, not as human beings. I found her depictions of anyone who needs a helping hand in society, as useless, less than human, unfit to take up space in the universe, to be extremely disturbing. Her glorification of rape, and her masochistic female characters saddened me. Ayn Rand was so fanatical in her beliefs that she neglected to present any problems with her point of view. She makes a powerful case for capitalism and individualism. Take what you like from it and forget the rest.
B00005B6C9|3.0|Walking on Air is the best track with a Beach Boys sound and should be a top ten hit but i'm sure the record company won't promote it, but it's great! Man in the middle is a rehash of omega man  from size isn't everything! all the songs i'm talking about her are Maurice's. Many people are right Barry's voice isn't there anymore. \\"One\\" is still there best album since 1980 !
B000002HEP|5.0|This is music.  I've heard people compare Kyuss to so many other bands, mainly Sabbath, but Kyuss is simply Kyuss.  This albumn is Kyuss's best.  Each of its three tracks works beautifully and should be listened to all at once.  The music isn't easy listening.  I don't put it on when I want to relax or while I'm doing something else.  The music is its own thing.  Just ignore meanings of the lyrics and breathe in the music, cause its better than mostly anything your going to hear.  <br />This music is bass filled and its whether its arranged or just a jam, the timing and beauty is always on the spot.  Brant Bjork is amazing at what he does, writing and drumming and it shows.  A lot of people knock God Garcia's singing, but he fits in so perfectly over the droning sound.  If one puts aside the notion this band is like 500000 others and just listens to it in peace, there is an infinite amount to appreciate.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I never bought this cd, actually my bro did. I started to like it when i had heard it a few times which i did since it was always played in our car. I must say that this cd is very good. My favorite song here is Stronger. This song i liked from the first time i heard it. This song gives you such energy that no matter how tired you are it brings you back to the dance floor, making you dance dance and once again dance... I love it! And it is true... All hard times u go through in life will make you stronger in the end.<br />There are some other good songs which are fun to dance to, Ooops! I did it again, Don't go knockin' on my door, what u see is what u get. Can't Make U Love Me is another song which is really good to dance too, but it is also one of my favorite songs. It has a nice sound to it which makes the song so much better.  There also are some good calmer songs, and no Don't let me be the last to know is not one of my favorites. Where are you now is a really nice song which you can listen to over and over again. In the calm songs you can hear Britney's voice even more, and it is a unique one but no it is not bad. it is rather good actually. It is different from Whitney houstons and celine's but hey who says you have to sound like them in order to sound good? Girl In the Mirror is another calm song which is good because it is emotional, I believe many can identify with this song. (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction is a funky song that reminds me of -70 disco.<br />Overall I believe this cd is a lot more mature than her first one. There are more meanings to her texts then she had before where the producers tried to fill her cd with stupid pop songs. But this cd is full of quality pop songs. <br />Now there is just one more things i must add. Everybody may have their own opinion about this lady, however there is one thing that is true. Britney Spears is one of the best entertainers on stage in the whole world for the moment. Anyone who saw her world tour can guranteethis. After seeing her actually performing her songs they grew a lot. She is one amazing dancer, and i don't think anyone can disagree...
B00005B1EX|5.0|I am just totally blown to pieces at Halford's latest work.  &quot;Live Insurrection&quot; catapaults Halford into the mega arena as The Metal God.  This is a must have double cd for the collectors of, top of the line, heavy duty metal.  All Hail the Metal God.
B00005B36H|5.0|I won't repeat the verbosity of those that have already reviewed LATERALUS -- &quot;...the greatest piece of art ever made&quot; may be stretching things a bit -- but I gotta tell you that Tool has blown me away with another incredible record. And I'll focus on one aspect of this band's amazing talent: Danny Carey. For all of you who picked up your fork and spoon as a kid and started banging away on the dining room table, you owe it to yourself to listen to this guy. In my opinion, without a doubt the best drummer ever, regardless of style. Spin it up, crank it up, focus on the percussion and you will be speechless. Maybe that whole fascination with the occult is really working for him...
B00004Z459|5.0|when i first heard &quot;one step closer&quot; i was automatically interested, i couldn't wait to hear it again.. then I decided to download some other song's that people had recommended and I absolutely loved them. soon after i decided to buy the cd and see if there were any good songs other then those i had downloaded.  what i came to find is that it is the BEST cd i have ever bought!! it's one of those rare cd's where every single song is good and I can listen to the cd all the way through without skipping any tracks! my favorites consist of points of authority (great lyrics and beats), crawling (my absolute favorite.. really powerful), runaway(i can relate a lot), in the end(my second favorite, great tune and awesome singing), place for my head(nice rap and over all good song), cure for the itch (awesome instrumental song), forgotten (really excitin beats and great tune) and finally pushing me away (just an overall good song with good lyrics)! i would recommend this cd to anyone who enjoys rock rap and alternative it's just the best cd out there!! LINKIN PARK OWNS!!
0694701041|5.0|I read all the reveiews on Amazon and decided to give it a try based on the kid's reviews. It seems that it's the parents that had the biggest problem with the &quot;out of date&quot; illustrations and the &quot;vase-like potty&quot;. Who cares. My 21 month old knew exactly what it was and what it was for. As I'm writing this review she just brought me her full potty bowl and said &quot;Bye bye wee wee&quot;. Then she said &quot;dance&quot;. She likes to celebrate by dancing to the potty song. The audio tape is awesome because it gives me a break from having to read the book for the umpteenth time. We started 3 days ago and she's only had 2 minor leaks. Now we just have to train the bladder during nap time and bed time. This book is awesome. I love the way my daughter says &quot;Prooonence&quot; for Prudence. I must say that I have a fast learning child, so she may have done just as well without the book, but the book sure makes her have a lot of fun learning. I love it. And I'm finding myself singing &quot;Yes I'm going to the potty potty now&quot; quite often. :-)
0345350499|4.0|I am currently enjoying The Mists of Avalon.  Although it is a very long book, it is still insightful and exciting.  This book offers a much different perspective from the traditional King Arthur tales.  The story comes from what the women, Morgan le Fay, Igraine, and Guinevere, think.  It gives the familiar story a new twist, and makes the reader see the whole plot from all angles.  It is no longer just the brave knights fighting for the good of Christianity.  The Mists of Avalon touches on the old religion that is being squished slowly out of existence, and gives reason for the way Morgan le Fay dislikes her brother, Arthur, and tries to keep her religion alive.  These different perspectives make the book very real.  The characters feel real pain and emotions, and sometimes their uncertainty is a reflection of real life.
B000001FAW|3.0|I really don't know why people find this album so brilliant. I personally don't beleive that this album is anywhere near the top. I find the lyrics in this album to childish and not gibb standards. Songs like \\"lovers\\" and \\"You stepped into my life\\" to me are two examples of absolute garbage. i can't stand those songs but apart from that the rest are pretty damn good. I find \\"boogie child\\" rather a silly song but catchy. \\"you should be dancing\\" everybody knows this song and it's pretty popular too but the version on the 4cd box set \\"tales of the brother gibb\\" is a much better version. I would suggest people to buy it but i would like to understand from fellow fans why this album is sooo good Main course is so much better than this and same goes for album that follow this one except for e.s.p of course. The reason for the three stars is simple. poor lyrics and really there were too many bad songs to give it four stars. but i must say \\"love me\\" is my favourite track on this album and is in my top 30 favourites songs.
0446608955|5.0|This is the book for you all! You'll never be disappointed ,trust me. I cried when reading the book and felt kinda refreshing after finishing it. It's truly a great book ,freinds. I've introduced it to my freinds and every one of them like it. One of them even rated it as her favourite book! So go and find out for yourselves about this sweet, touching, lovely expressed and pure love story now!
B00005B36H|5.0|If we lived in Biblical times, TOOL would represent David, commercial radio would be Goliath, and Lateralus would be David's sling. To bad for TOOL that this landmark release won't get the radio support it deserves, because airwaves are clogged with the likes of Creed and Blink-182. And don't even get me started on the cesspool MTV has sunk to.<br />Thank the maker that TOOL has returned and that this album lives up to the expectations of many, including myself. This is the type of album that makes you remember why you started listening to rock. Lateralus will be a hard act to follow.<br />You start off with &quot;The Grudge&quot; a good pumping, opening track. Then you have &quot;The Patient&quot; preceded and followed by some short interludes. Next up is &quot;Schism&quot;, the first single released to radio(despite the fact that I've only heard it once on the awful radio station here). Then you get to the real good stuff. &quot;Parabol&quot; and &quot;Parabola&quot; sound as if they were meant to be one track but for some reason were split in two. &quot;Parabol&quot; is a short mellow track that leads into &quot;Parabola&quot; a soaring rock song and a contender for best track of the album. Track 8 is &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot;, I love this song. It starts out real heavy and then slows down halfway through, you can hear Maynard yelling in the background almost as if he was being recorded from another room. After a breather in the middle it picks up for a monster ending with Maynard yelling &quot;Is this what you wanted?!?&quot;. Then the best track of the album &quot;Lateralis&quot; this song is just great, especially the last two minutes. I can't find words to describe it. Following &quot;Lateralis&quot; are three songs meant to be listened as one &quot;Disposition&quot;, &quot;Reflection&quot;, and &quot;Triad&quot;. The last track is &quot;Faap de Oiad&quot;, an odd filler track with sound effects and a man ranting about interdimensional beings. <br />Thisis a real bare bones review of this album. Get it for yourself if you want to see what all the fuss is about.
B00004XQ83|5.0|I absolutely ADORE this CD!  If you have any interest in &quot;down-home&quot; music-- THIS IS FOR YOU.  For those of us who LOVE the &quot;down-home&quot; classic bluegrass/gospel, it's a MUST HAVE!!!
B00004RHZU|5.0|I got very excited when Pink's song came out and everywhere you went you heard it. I thought here is this great new teenage girl who has a good voice and is gonna bring out a good CD. LOL so I'm a little late I guess you can say on getting this, blame it on I usually have enough money to only buy a new CD about 3 or 4 times a year. I know it sucks. But anyway back to her. Pink shows many different personalities like in her song &quot;Split personality&quot; which is my #1 favorite. Also song #1. &quot;Is it Love or Just a Curse&quot; is my second favorite. Wait till you hear the song &quot;Can't take me Home&quot; it is not for the kids but as a teenager going thru hard times you will relate. And &quot;Hell with ya&quot; is such a good dance song. And let's not forget that Pink is honest and isn't afraid to pound on those good for nothing men. Goooo on, girl!!!!!!
B000009HF2|5.0|I'm a bluesfan.And we know that rock'n roll become from the blues tunes.So i really love rock'n roll,and for me,this will ever be an unforgetable album,one of the best &quot;Live&quot; performances i've heard in all my entire life.This album changed the lives of many guys of my generation with rare intensity. Peter Frampton was protagonist of one of the most beautiful moments in the 70's music,when he left Humble Pie to release this phenomenal album full of energy and.....If you want to be in tune with this magical moment of that era,you only have to put this cd to play on...and enjoy this trip with one of the best guitar solos ever released.Excelent album from the first track until the last meteoric &quot;Do You Feel Like we Do&quot;. I really loves the Blues,but i cannot be indiferent when i listen to this album,that really changed my life,my concepts about good music...Framptom,you'll ever COMES ALIVE in my soul!!!
B000002KN8|3.0|I say a lot of bad things about Vince Clarke's songwriting, but he wrote some great songs for Speak and Spell.  Unfortunately, three of them ended up as B-Sides to the album.  &quot;Ice Machine,&quot; &quot;Shout,&quot; and &quot;I Sometimes Wish I Was Dead,&quot; should replace &quot;What's Your Name,&quot; &quot;Nodisco,&quot; and &quot;Boys Say Go!&quot;  If they did, this album would be much better.<br />Songs like &quot;Photographic,&quot; &quot;Dreaming of Me,&quot; &quot;Just Can't Get Enough,&quot; &quot;Any Second Now,&quot; and &quot;Puppets&quot; are the high points of Vince's writing here.  &quot;Tora! Tora! Tora!&quot; is probably the best song on the album, and surprise, surprise, it's written by Martin Gore.  And, unfortunately the version of &quot;Just Can't Get Enough&quot; on the US album is the schizo mix.  The singles mix found on Singles 81-85 and Catching Up With Depeche Mode is a lot better.  It's a fun little catchy tune, and an important one because it was Mode's first big breakout song.  <br />So, I do recommend this album, but I'd suggest buying one of the imports with the B-Sides included, unless you can find them elsewhere.  Just try not to burst out laughing (or throwing up) listening to &quot;Boys Say Go!&quot; and &quot;What's Your Name?&quot;  They are terrible in a humorous way.
B0000025YL|5.0|What can I say about this CD?  It contains Restless &amp; Wild, Fast as a Shark, Princess of the Dawn, etc.  This is the best disk you can get by Accept.  Buy it today.
6305922756|5.0|The classic among classics, this movie will have you rolling.  It's the only movie that will leave your sides hurting without ever telling a joke.  Michael McKean and Christopher Guest play the leads with comedic brilliance, you never ever get the sense that they are acting at all.  The whole film is a truly unique comedy experience.
B00004YKUY|4.0|Being a Journey fan from way back, I had to say to myself: a Journey without Steve Perry? No way! Forget it! Can't happen!!! But after watching there recent concert taped in Las Vegas,I was totally blown away by new crooner Steve Augeri! You can't help from being extremely impressed by how he handles the old stuff  as well as the quality of the bands new tunes from &quot;Arrival&quot;. While Augeri more than manages to sound ALOT like Perry, he also most definitley puts his own signature on EVERY song. If your a fan like me &amp; saw the show on TV, you probably already own &quot;ARRIVAL&quot;.If you don't, order it right here! Right now! Believe me, there IS a Journey after Steve Perry!! (Why 4 stars &amp; not 5? A couple of filler tunes are to be expected these days, I guess.)
B00003CXE7|2.0|This is a perfect example of how Hollywood politics often influence the Academy Awards. Because despite the enormous marketing muscle behind it, this film is essentially a B movie with grade A special effects.  The acting is okay and the story is alright. But come on. This has to be the longest film ever made that contains no character development whatsoever.  In a nutshell, after spending gobs of money producing it, the studio executives commanded that this movie win the big award. And &quot;the people&quot; obeyed.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Everything is great about this movie from the acting to the oscar award winning direction. That gladiator won Best picture instead this is absolutely the biggest trash I've ever seen.
B00005BL2A|2.0|Unlike several other reviewers, I very much like the direction the band's been taking recently -- UNTIL THIS. Their prior two albums (&quot;Songs of Faith and Devotion&quot; and &quot;Ultra&quot;), may not contain very much in the way of catchy hooks, but each has exquisite songwriting and an ability to grow on the listener like a sweet addiction. However, this album contains nothing of the sort. It's just plain bad, and excruciatingly boring. Except maybe for the first track, none of the songs go anywhere. And after about 15 minutes of listening to one dull, depressing, uninspired track after another, you honestly begin to wonder whether Martin Gore has picked up heroin where Dave Gahan left off. In a nutshell -- and as someone else said in their review -- if you really feel the need to have this album, wait until it hits the used CD rack. Because the supply there should be plentiful. God, I sure hope they don't play this junk when I see them in concert next month....
0783246641|3.0|My first inclination toward seeing this movie was, of course,to see Willem Dafoe. Unfortunately, he's only in about 3 scenes and the character is terribly underdeveloped. As I watched the movie and Bateman's (close to Bates, as in Norman ?) behavior got more and more outlandish, and the one-ups-manship of the yuppies got shallower and shallower, I got defensive and almost stopped watching. The end was incredibly strange, and it was only AFTER I finished watching that it struck me - did he really commit all those gruesome murders, or were they all in his vacant mind ?? One will note that the 'style' of 2 of the murders were replicas of movies he had watched just prior to 'murdering' - were his sprees real, or were they his illusions as found in the datebook by his secretary ?<br />Was this a sarcastic commentary on 80's yuppie selfishness ? That above all, they wanted ATTENTION ? Did Bateman want to be reknown for doing something so horrible and despicable, want to set himself apart from his peers, ultimately, want to be caught for the &quot;ME-trip&quot; of it ?<br />I am still confused.
6304493681|5.0|Of all the animes that you can own currently this would be my first pick.  It has more plot than &quot;Ninja Scroll&quot; and more action than &quot;Perfect Blue&quot;.  It is not as depressing as &quot;grave of the fireflies&quot;, preachy as &quot;princess mononoke&quot; orunavailable as &quot;Akira.&quot;  It is a one-shot unlike cowboy &quot;beebop&quot; or &quot;lain&quot; and will not require all of your money.  So since these are all my other favorites vanquished, how can I rate it less than a 5?  The excellent battle scenes and cool philip dick-esque plot make this purchase a must for those wanting any anime.
B000001E7V|5.0|wow.  the beats...the vocals...the lyrics.  the trick-man was put on this earth to do one thing:  make incredible music for mind altering experiences.  you owe it to yourself to have this album in your collection.  trust me....you're in for one hell of a ride.
078062369X|5.0|This is a GREAT film. Why?<br /> First off, it is based on a cool Marvel comics character, Blade, a half-human, half-vampire vampire hunter. <br />Second, it was a Marvel Comics character that was brought to the screen correctly, which is a miracle (remember Captain America, the Spider-Man TV show and the recently re-designed X-Men?). <br />And third, they got the right guy to play Blade. Wesly Snipes was perfect as Blade. Another miracle.<br />Fourth: The fight scenes are magnifique! This is one the best action film that has ever been made.
B00005B36H|3.0|All the people who say that this is better than Underthow or Aenima are stupid. This cd is good but not great. Their previous cd's were heavier and better. Tracks 1,5,7,8,9 are pretty good. #8 is the best (more like the old stuff). The last 3 songs pretty much \\"\\". If you wanna hear real Tool, buy Underthow or Aenema.
B0000039PW|3.0|first off biggie was a good rapper with the way he contructed his lyrics. i am a hiphop fan i like all hiphop from newhere. thought i generally prefer the westcaost style of rap and beats. neway back to the point this was a good lp but falls short to, yes u guessed it, TUPAC SHAKURS work. biggie was a good rapper but doesnt even come close to 2pac he was and still is second best. he was, in my mind a copy of 2pac. came witht the thug style first and biggie tryied to come with it too dont get me wrong he does it well but it is not original. 2pac went into his heart and soul for his lyrics biggie was just a rapper 2pac was sumthing more than that he was a phrophet. there r some good tracks on this lp such as &quot;jucie&quot; the upbeat &quot;gimme the loot&quot; and &quot;big poppa&quot; if u want sumthing average get this if u want sumthing classic get a 2pac album ne1 he always delives good work. the production on this album is good cant fault it but the only problem is whatever biggie trys to do 2pac does it better as the D.O.C says &quot;no 1 can do it better&quot; look at the deep song by 2pac &quot;dear mamma&quot; this is true deep hearfelt lyrics also &quot;so many tears&quot; arguably 2pacs deepest song. sorry biggie but u feel short
B000002KCC|5.0|In my senior year in high school (1975) I was a huge Neil Young fan.  I had all his solo albums, had seen him in concert several times, knew virtually every one of his tunes by heart, and I even looked like the guy.  When I heard that he had released a new album, &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot;, I hustled down to the local Tower Records, forked over my ...,and rushed home to give it listen.  I hated it.  &quot;What,&quot; I asked no one in particular, &quot;is this mess?&quot;  Neil's lack of polish and affectation were always part of his appeal, but &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot; was too much.  Neil and his band were so loaded they could hardly play, Neil singing was so bad it was laughable, and the whole record sounded like it had been recorded in a barn.  I dismissed the  thing as some kind of joke and filed &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot; away on the shelf.  I then put on &quot;After the Gold Rush&quot; and thought about what I could have bought with that ... I wasted on &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot;.<br />A few weeks later I was telling a friend how bad &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot; was and pulled it off the shelf to play for him.  But, on second listen the album didn't sound as bad as I had remembered.  &quot;Come Baby, Let's Go Downtown&quot; was a nice rockin' tune, &quot;Roll Another Number&quot; was an amusing druggie tale, and &quot;Tired Eyes&quot; seemed  like an sad, even pretty, ballad.  &quot;Hmmm,&quot; I thought &quot;Maybe this isn't a joke after all.&quot;  I still didn't think it was a good album, it sure wasn't &quot;Harvest&quot;, but I decided to give it a few more listens before I wrote it off for good.<br />So over the next few weeks I listened to &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot; again.  And again.  And again.  And again.  I listened to it drunk and I listened to it sober.  I listened to during the day and I listened to it at night.  I listened to it loud and I listened to it soft.  I just couldn't stop listening to it.  It replaced &quot;Live at Fillmore East&quot; as the album that was constantly on my turntable.  It was absolutely hypnotic.  &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot; sure wasn't &quot;Harvest&quot;; it was far better. It was some strange kind of Canadian, whiteboy, folk blues that reached right inside you, in the same way that Robert Johnson did, or Roscoe Holcomb did.  It was the real thing, and it didn't matter if Neil couldn't carry a tune to save his life, or that the steel guitar was out of tune; it was pure, unaffected emotion that could send chills down your spine.  And the songs!  Each one was gem and I soon knew them all by heart (and I still do).  Needless to say, my initial impression of &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot; underwent a complete revision.  I now thought it was a bloody masterpiece and I've had no reason to change my mind since then.  Although I no longer listen to &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot; obsessively, or even frequently, every time I put it in the changer it still sounds . . . &quot;fresh&quot;?  &quot;unique&quot;?  &quot;original&quot;?  &quot;raw&quot;?  All that and more.  It always sounds like &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot;.  It's still the real thing.
B0000039PW|3.0|first off biggie was a good rapper with the way he contructed his lyrics. i am a hiphop fan i like all hiphop from newhere. thought i generally prefer the westcaost style of rap and beats. neway back to the point this was a good lp but falls short to, yes u guessed it, TUPAC SHAKURS work. biggie was a good rapper but doesnt even come close to 2pac he was and still is second best. he was, in my mind a copy of 2pac. came witht the thug style first and biggie tryied to come with it too dont get me wrong he does it well but it is not original. 2pac went into his heart and soul for his lyrics biggie was just a rapper 2pac was sumthing more than that he was a phrophet. there r some good tracks on this lp such as &quot;jucie&quot; the upbeat &quot;gimme the loot&quot; and &quot;big poppa&quot; if u want sumthing average get this if u want sumthing classic get a 2pac album ne1 he always delives good work. the production on this album is good cant fault it but the only problem is whatever biggie trys to do 2pac does it better as the D.O.C says &quot;no 1 can do it better&quot; look at the deep song by 2pac &quot;dear mamma&quot; this is true deep hearfelt lyrics also &quot;so many tears&quot; arguably 2pacs deepest song. sorry biggie but u feel short
B00000J9HE|5.0|This is the finest performance of the Sibelius Fourth that I have ever heard.  The sense of lyrical rapture and elemental power is truly amazing.  The silky sheen of the strings and the poetic, rounded tone colors produced by the woodwind soloists are unparalleled.  This is a performance that leaves one gasping for breath.  I own more than 2,000 CD's and this is one of the top twenty in my collection.  It's worth many times the asking price.  Don't deny yourself this set!
B000059XVS|5.0|This is an epic classic that everyone should watch at least once.  I bought this DVD and I have been very impressed with its features.  Gone are the days when movies had such superb acting such as this.
0002171856|5.0|Yes its true this is the finest survival book i have ever read. It was worth ever cent I paid for it and more. If u buy just one survival book make it this one. It covers a variety of situations, and it does it in a forward, easy to read, and no none sense way. I read this book just for the joy of it. A fine fine book.Thanks much
B000021XS0|4.0|So many things to say about Dream Theater.  For starters, they are the total musician's band.  Perhaps this is why they are not mainstream.  For the most part, non-musicians cannot appreciate what goes on in their cd's.  Second, they are the tightest band I have ever heard.  This cd shows it. I have not heard pieces as good as Fatal Tragedy, Home and The Dance of Eternity in years.  The only flaw in Dream Theater is Labrie's vocals.  They have gotten better with each album, maybe there is hope, but imagine Dream Theater with Geoff Tate instead.  That would never happen but think of the possibilities.
0002171856|5.0|Yes its true this is the finest survival book i have ever read. It was worth ever cent I paid for it and more. If u buy just one survival book make it this one. It covers a variety of situations, and it does it in a forward, easy to read, and no none sense way. I read this book just for the joy of it. A fine fine book.Thanks much
B00000760T|5.0|Wham! were one of the biggest bands of the 80's and of course were a stepping stone to superstardom for the immense talent of George Michael and this greatest hits compilation shows them at their very best with all their memorable songs included here which shows why they were so good.<br />As far as 80's pop music went nobody could write songs better than George and Andrew with such classics as Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go, Everything She Wants and George's first solo single Careless Whisper which is on this CD with his second hit A Different Corner as well.<br />Wham! were poppy enough to appeal to younger people but had this irresistable charm that adults could enjoy their music as well and it was this diversity that made them a success. They could rap in a pop manner (Wham Rap!) or could sing just pure pop songs (Freedom) or even slower love songs (Last Christmas) and other great tracks including The Edge Of Heaven and Young Guns (Go For It!).<br />Every song bar one hit the UK Top 10 and this was Battlestations which was never released but is a good song regardless and a nice addition to the collection. My favourite song would be Freedom as it has a great singalong chorus and just i feel is their best although there isn't a bad song here.<br />Although this CD was originally in 1986 in still stands as the best compilation of Wham!'s wonderful career and should be bought by any Wham! or George Michael fan as should George's best of Ladies And Gentlemen.
B000002UEB|5.0|From start to finish, there may not be a better album.  Every song flows and while some can be taken apart for Radio play (Operation Mindcrime, I don't believe in Love, Eyes of A Stranger) doing that totally ruins the experience of listening to this album straight through.  Very enjoyable.  And if you can understand the story on the first try, you are a genius.
B00005BL2A|3.0|Unlike some of the other &quot;Exciter&quot; reviewers I adored their last CD &quot;Ultra.&quot; I thought it was honest, interesting and extremely solid, &quot;Exciter&quot; however, is fairly dull. Like other reviewers have pointed out, much of the album is very slow in tempo with just &quot;I Feel Loved&quot; and &quot;Dream On&quot; picking up the pace a bit.  Not that I am saying a slow tempo makes for a bad album, but it does get a bit boring after awhile. I like a little variety. My other problem with this CD is the cheesey lyrics. Song after song deals with (presumably) Martin's love life (which seems to have improved 'cause he's all gushy). After awhile, I was sick of  &quot;sharing our freelove&quot; as Dave softly sings on the track &quot;Freelove.&quot; I am disappointed that they seem to have lost the edge that made them the best in dark electronic.
6305736650|5.0|Great acting, Great casting, Great plot, Great music, Great scenery, Great lines, Great ending.  One may not consider this the greatest movie of all time but we should at least agree that in terms of AFI's picks, this certainly should take #1 over from Citizen Kane.  Not that Kane is bad, but Casablanca is better
0451457994|5.0|..didn't it? I read this before about 5 years ago and it left me astounded. The feeling of total isolation from everything familiar was something I had never contemplated.  The book is worth it for that imagery alone, regardless of what happens with the plot.<br />Second time of reading was still enjoyable and I was able to make more sense of the ending which disappointed me first time around.<br />I think this is one of those books that anyone who says they are into sci-fi should read.  If you haven't, don't even talk to me!<br />Much, much better than the film.
B000002J09|5.0|I would have to agree with that statement.  There is so much here not even counting Stairway.  Rock &amp; Roll manages to take old guitar cliche riffs and weak lyrics and turns it into a materpiece. I can't figure it out.  Then Black Dog is another classic (however I wish Page's solo wasn't so muddy) Call me crazy but Battle of Evermore is my favorite.  Then comes the topper of all time. Four Sticks is Bonham really using 4 sticks.  How cool was that!  Then Misty Mountain Top and Going to California ease you down for the meanest drum beat beat of all time in When The Levee Breaks
B00005B36H|3.0|This cd is DEFINITELY NOT worth all the rave reviews it has been receiving.  A TOOL fan since the beginning, normally their music leaves me hungering for more.  Not the case with this cd.  The songs lack those intriguing intricacies and deep meanings that tend to replay themselves in your head.  It seems that everyone has jumped on the bandwagon and has given it a 5 star rating simply because it is a TOOL album.  Don't be so hasty.  There is not a single song that even remotely resembles masterpieces like &quot;Third Eye&quot;.  If your looking to be awe-inspired, search elsewhere within their collection.  This album just doesn't quite cut it.  A disappointment after waiting eagerly for 5 years.  Thank God for limewire.
6305594252|3.0|I have seen many, many movies and this particular one is nowhere near as bad as some reviewers are making this out to be.  It is not a classic, but that was not the intention.  All must agree, whether you like or hate this movie, it is certainly not a boring movie.  This is a very good case of rent before you buy.
B00005BL2A|3.0|I guess it would be cruel to expect every band's album to be as good or better than their past efforts. Creating works of art is a difficult thing, and I would definitely think of Depeche Mode as a group of artists. With that said, I would have to label &quot;Exciter&quot; as a solid album that I'm not unhappy to own. However, it didn't create the type of experience I had the first time I listened to Moby's &quot;Play&quot; or Massive Attack's &quot;Mezzanine&quot;. As a fan since 1984, maybe I've just grown too comfortable with DM and this album didn't 'wow' me because of that familiarity. &quot;Exciter&quot; is solid effort that proves DM is alive and kicking, but I won't be shouting from the rooftops about it.
B000002UV9|4.0|What an amazing album. 8 tight songs that I can't even choose a favorite (well maybe I can narrow it down to 5 but still)Geoff Tate is best vocalist in rock history.  His range is incredible.  Better than Dio, Halford, and Dickenson.  I would give 5 stars but there are 3 songs here that are really not up to the standards of Queensryche at this point in the careers.  Perhaps Hand on Heart, Resistance, and One And Only One were signs that Queensryche was beginning to fall.
B00005B36H|5.0|Many have been waiting since '96 for some new Tool and here it is.  And its for real, no hype.  You will not be let down.
B00005B36H|5.0|I should have written a review as soon as I received Lateralus, but I was just too busy listening!!!  After listening to Lateralus, REALLY listening to it rather than simply 'having it on,' I have come to the realization that Lateralus truly does find Tool growing as a band, tapping emotions that they have never tapped before, and creating sounds that have never been created before by anyone.  In addition, Lateralus shows me just how much talent resides in the entire band as composers as well as musicians.  The entire flow of the album from beginning to end is simply breathtaking.  I have not felt so captivated to listen to an album from beginning to end since Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon.  In fact, this album truly reminds me of that other masterwork.  <br />Beginning with &quot;The Grudge,&quot; the album starts off like a rollercoaster, then flows through the beautiful and affecting bumps that the songs in the middle weave you in and out of, and concludes with a suite of tunes that conclude with &quot;Triad,&quot; one of the most battering and rhythmically fierce instrumentals ever.  I have never heard Carey drum like this.  His intricacies as a drummer really shine in Neal Peart-like precision.  Justin has surely beefed up his bass lines, and Jones' guitar textures are ever inventive, and as with Aenima, the genius of his riffs slowly begin to rise up through repeated listens.   Keenan, on the other hand, truly takes the inspired route of subtlety.  It seems almost as though Keenan uses his voice as an instrument more on this record.  His voice blends in both harmonically and rhythmically better with the band than in any other Tool record.  His lyrics are more emotional and deep than ever, and he truly shows melodic his melodic growth on &quot;Parabola&quot; and on the haunting &quot;Disposition.&quot;  <br />Perhaps my favorite track is the pseudo title track &quot;Lateralis.&quot;  This song is quite possibly the summation of everything that Tool has accomplished to this date:  Perfect lyrics, instrumental talent, unusual time meters, huge pulsating rhythmic sections, and a breathtaking emotional climax.  <br />Tool has delivered with their new album.  If you pick up one album all year this should be it.  One reviewer mentioned that this was Tool's most accessible album.  I disagree.  I find this their most challenging album initially, with it's huge song structures, yet the most rewarding in the end because the music only begs you to dig deeper, find the meaning for yourself, and let it seep into your mind and become a part of you.  Buy this album and you will not regret it.  However, I urge you to not simply HEAR this album.  You must LISTEN to it.  Listen to it 3 times in a row, uniterrupted, and you will see it's beauty.  Guaranteed.
B00005A1PR|5.0|India.Arie takes R&amp;B back to it's roots. Plain and Simple. Arie avoids the high-tech, over-produced, pop sounding R&amp;B of today that many artists have adopted. Her rich, soulful alto gives life and brilliance to these magnificent tracks, which she wrote herself. To put it simply, India's music has meaning - as the track &quot;Strength, Courage, and Wisdom&quot; so strongly supports. Her tribute to Stevie Wonder (&quot;Wonderful&quot;) is very touching and personal, as Mr. Wonder has been a big influence on this terrific new voice. My personal favourite track is &quot;Video.&quot; India is speaking directly about how she feels about herself and the importance self-awareness and acceptance. Be who you are and search your soul for the beauty within. Ladies and Gentleman - that is India.Arie's message. This album is worth every dime. True R&amp;B at it's best!
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool has single handedly put forth an effort that allowed me to put my faith back into music again.  Few bands can have term &quot;artist&quot; put next to their name without me wanting to choke but these guys are it, the original.  Each album by the band has been a step forward, &quot;Lateralus&quot; is more of a pice rather than a collection of 13 tracks....it begs to be listened to over and over without fast forwarding track to track.  I can't think of a recent record I have woke up and couldn't wait to listen to again and again.  If there was never another record put out i would be okay.  &quot;Lateralus&quot; is that good.
B00005A1PR|5.0|i don't even know how to classify this album. it isn't just an R&amp;B album. Anyone who listens to this album will become enlightened by it..it's just so good!
B000056K04|1.0|I buy a lot of music and I don't spend a lot of time writing reviews for albums, but I'll make an exception here.<br />This is easily DMB's worst studio album and it is hugely disappointing.  They have lost all of the lengthy, intricate, texture-rich songs that really set them apart from the crowd.  If you are a fan of songs like Crush (not Crash) from &quot;Before These Crowded Streets,&quot; then don't even bother with this album.  There is nothing here but uninspired, often unmelodic, 3 minute pop songs.<br />I wish I knew what happened... Steve Lillywhite is no longer the producer, maybe he was disproportionately responsible for the old DMB sound.  Another reason might be that Dave Matthews wrote most of the songs on this album himself -- maybe he should have received more input from the band.<br />Anyway, I used to hold DM on a pedestal as a musical genius.  Now I'm thinking he is just a has-been pop star.
B00005B36H|5.0|This CD from beginning to end is simply amazing. The most amazing part about this album is that even though it is just over 78 minutes long and nearly ever song is around 8 minutes , it never, at any point, drags, at all, in the least bit. I loved Aenima but i found that it didn't really flow as well as it could have. This album flows like nothing else. The \\"seque\\" tracks aren't annoying like Message To Harry Manback, they are just as beautiful as every other song. From Adam to MJK to Danny to Justin, every member has grown tremendiously ( in the musical sense that is), Danny is now even more amazing, Adam is just phenominal, doing more grinding riffs rather then his high pitched squeals (I say squeals, only because that is the only word i can think of to describe what his sound was, not as a negative term) and Justin, what can I say, he has been doing his homework, he has probably \\"grown\\" the most out of all of them, making a huge contribution to the general sound on the album. Maynard, as was expected, is amazing. In general, this is the most insane album ever. If I wasn't so sure that i didn't know enough about music to say this, then I would say that this is possibly the best album ever. I mean if it is better then Untertow and Aenima it would have to be up there, and it is. BUY THIS ALBUM NOW!
B00005B36H|5.0|I use the word awesome in it's true sence...amazing, breath takeing...whatever you want to use in substitute. I've been a fan of tool's since '96...and I can say that I've yet to hear a band anything like them. Their music is true art! They bring back what should be in music...Art...music is a type or art, and tools brings that back to us! So many groups are out today, but they all sound similar..and there truely isn't any art in their music. It's all simple chords, simple beat, and most of it, they aren't even singing. I must say again, this album is truely amazing, and you'd be a fool not to own it! You will not be disapointed!
B000002JR8|5.0|this was my first pantera album, and it is by far my favorite. it is so rip-roaring intense. strength beyond strength has got to be the best pantera song ever. im not gonna say any more, just buy this.
B00004STPT|5.0|A rousing CD to listen to any time.  Lots of haunting melodies, and some very unsual vocal and instruments make this, like the film, one for the discerning consumer.
0062502182|2.0|The Alchemist is a story in the tradition of the Arabian nights, woven from the same fabric of desert storms, brandished swords, and buried treasures. The protagonist, an Andalusian shepherd boy, sells his flock and travels to Africa to realize his dream of finding a great treasure. Along the way, he meets an old king named Melchitzedek, a wizened gypsy woman, a crystal merchant, and a sage alchemist, who teach him lessons about dreams and destiny drawn from the Hebrew Bible, Christian legend, and Muslim lore. If readers feel that they sensed the ending intuitively before turning the final page, then Coelho has achieved his aim, for the ultimate lesson of this book is about the intimate connections between what seems most distant and what lies deepest in our hearts. Even so, the aphoristic advice becomes tedious after a while and the injunction to \\"follow your dream\\" remains rooted in a mythical world where the sun speaks, the desert answers, and lead is converted, by magic, to gold.
B00005AXEL|5.0|I've been a Mac fan for many years.  While I've enjoyed Stevie's solo stuff, I haven't been thrilled with it.  Until now.<br />I saw Stevie on Letterman last week and she did a very cool tune from this CD.  Now that I own the CD, I am thrilled!<br />The vocals are superb, Stevie's voice is captured in it's raw best.  Backup vocals mix in great.  The songs are captivating and well produced.<br />This is nothing short of one of my favorite CDs in many years.  Way to go Stevie!
006097625X|5.0|I was interested in this book because I am a collector of vintage romance comics and I wanted more background in their development, but I was suprised to find that it fascinated me just as much as a professional fine artist.  Very clear &amp; great read, too.  Highly recommended.
B00005B36H|5.0|this is a wonderfully produced album along with great musicans.  I've only heard this album once and I already love it. Usually tool takes time to grow on you, so I'm hoping that I will love this album for years to come. ticks and leeches is a great song. It's a little like the deftones. I highly recommend this album along with all other tool material.
0783226063|5.0|At least Lynch got the language and costumes correct.  You will either love or hate this movie but you must respect the sets and speech patterns.  Of course Lynch made wholesale changes to the story of Dune.  There was no intention of making more movies, and Dune is a series of novels that is still growing today.
B00005BL2A|5.0|Alternative Music is finally going back underground!  Allelujah!  Depeche Mode has dropped the drum set and returned to experimental beats and noises that take you away and send you into another dimension, but the songs aren't SO far gone that you can't get into them.  Dream On, the most mainstream track on the album is delicious.  Freelove and When the Body Speaks are perfect love-making music in the vein of Only When I Lose Myself, Dangerous and The Love Theives.  Goodnight Lovers is reminiscent of the ambient feeling of Waiting for the Night and Little 15.  I Feel Loved is the perfect dance song, or even better, is perfect for cruising down the highway late at night with the top down (like we've all done while playing Rush, Behind the Wheel and especially the Never Let Me Down and Personal Jesus club remixes).  <br />Buy it!  Support Depeche Mode so they can be around for a long time and give us more great music.
B000056K04|4.0|I've never really been a big Dave Matthews fan.  I've enjoyed the occassional single on the radio, but never been a big fan.  &quot;The Space Between&quot;, the second track on the album changed all that.  That is a great song.  I bought &quot;Everyday&quot; for that one song.  I enjoy the whole album, and now have picked up a couple of the older releases and are enjoying those as well.  A lot has been said about selling out on this album.  Being a newer fan, I disagree.  I got hooked from this album, and have been able to go back to earlier stuff, and enjoy that as well.  I see a progression being made by the band that is very appealing and brings in new fans.  This is a great album, so if your not sure about DMB, buy this and you will too will become a fan.  If your a big fan, you can't go wrong with this.  Great buy.
0385484518|2.0|After hearing so many people call this a &quot;must read,&quot; I was so disappointed. I found none of the great insights advertised or even simple truths.  Rather, it was trite sentimentalism, page after page.
0812505085|3.0|This book is about a young boy who finds an old map. many mean pirates are after this map. It is the map to Treasure Island. Here is where a whole bunch of treasure is suppossed to be. The boy and his friends go on a search for the treasure btu are side-tracked by the mean mob of pirates. The boy and his friends fight long and hard to get the pirates off of them so they can get the treasure. You will have to read the book in order to see who gets the treaure. This book is a thriller. It is a great bedtime story to read with your children. I think they will love it! check it out if you would like!
B000002C25|5.0|I don't konw why everybody critic this GREAT album, I think it's Oasis best, we got excellent guitars, a very inspired Liam that can touch the roof with his voice and the other 3. There are also a lot of classics like &quot;d'you know what I mean?&quot; personally the best Oasis Chorus ever, we got &quot;stand by me &quot;, &quot;the girl in the dirty shirt&quot; wich is the best song of the entire album, &quot;don't go away&quot; and a great song that define the hole spirit of the album: All around the world. A piece of advise: don't listen to the critics, first listen to it and you'll see.
B000002LVB|5.0|Todd Nelson's review was very well written and I agree with it for the most part; however, he was incorrect in reference to the albums' drumming. As I recall, Moe Tucker was undergoing the later stages of a pregnancy during this period of time and had nothing to do with this recording. Instead, a studio drummer filled in for her. I guess the boys felt so bad about it that they credited her anyway on the album's sleeve. Funny, a lot of people say that it's her best work with the VU!? Otherwise.... not their masterstroke, but a brilliant record none the same
B00005BL2A|2.0|I have been a DM fan since Black Celebration was released, and this is the only album of theirs that I have been disappointed with. For me, this is analagous to R.E.Ms \\"Up\\" - the previous album was dissed by many reviewers, but in fact was infinitely better than the new release. Also like R.E.M with \\"Up\\", the band has tried to 'progress' and do something a little different, but all they have succeeded in accomplishing is losing the plot. Fortunately REM have found their way again with their latest release \\"Reveal\\", and I hope that Depeche Mode will do the same and that we won't have to wait so long this time to find out.<br />Excepting the beautifully constructed \\"Freelove\\", the strongest remaining songs (tracks 1-4) would not be up to standard for anything since and including MFTM. Most tracks are too lethargic, over-produced, and just plain tuneless. \\"Dream On\\" really is the only radio friendly track. \\"The Sweetest Condition\\" hints of SOFAD but doesn't quite cut it. Contrary to popular opinion I think your money would be better spent on \\"Ultra\\", which for me is just a matured \\"Violator\\". ....
B00000295Y|4.0|Cypress Hill hit the bigtime with this release.  &quot;Insane in the Brain&quot; is just one of the original songs on this off-the-hook album.  While some of the critics blast Cypress for recycling the same topics in their catalog of songs, I don't really think this is true.  Sure, they talk a lot about shooting people, smoking pot, and hatin' da pigs, but what else is there in the world?
6305531412|2.0|I have loved this film ever since it was first made, but this DVD really does not do it justice.<br />Despite being called a 'special edition', it contains not a single extra feature. The widescreen format is not anamorphic, which means that the MPEG aspect ratio is 4:3 and the picture resolution of the viewable area is lower than it should be. The quality of the film print used is poor and contains scratches and white speckling. The film has also had some bits edited out, so I suppose you could say it contains a negative number of special features: i.e. some normal features taken out. This is a shocking misuse of the format because the DVD standard contains the possibility for having optional scenes which can be shielded from young viewers, so why wasn't this used?<br />I doubt it will be long before the next version comes out, the 'collector's special edition' or whatever they will call it, so my advice would be to wait for that.
B00005BJPO|5.0|In America, we tend to think of animated films as cartoons. The Disney imprint comes to mind first, and for some that is the extent of it. For more serious devotees, the infamous Warner Brothers works, the Chuck Jones, Friz Freleng and Robert McKimson comedic less-than-one reelers are held in equal esteem with Chaplin, Keaton and Lloyd.<br />Several films require a different way of thinking about animation as an art form: Rock and Rule (long out of print), Fantastic Planet, Light Years, the brilliant failure of the first Heavy Metal, and yes, both versions of Fantasia.<br />Akira is in a class by itself.<br />This film is the reason I wanted a DVD player. More than The Cell, The Matrix or Dark City. More than Welles's films, or Hitch's, or even Kurosawa's.<br />This film is proof that cgi's are not the be-all and end-all of the animated film. <br />One complaint: The manga series covers much more ground than the film. Where is the sequel?
B000059ZLH|5.0|Yes, they pulled out all the stops on this one. Aside from the artsy addins (you can't avoid it in a music dvd) the performance is tops! It just so happens that all my favorites are on this one!<br />I personally would have preferred no video art and just straight performance video but it is minimal and is not a reason to down grade a 5 star rating.<br />Buy this!
B00005BL2A|1.0|I can't believe people actually gave this album four or five stars, as if it were the best thing since FREELOVE or something!! They must be COMATOSE?! DREAM ON if you think this is the innovative Depeche Mode that we know to SHINE on previous albums like Black Celebration or Violator. Ok, Ok, EASY TIGER, dont get me wrong, its not as bad as Ultra or Songs of Faith and Devotion, but WHEN THE BODY SPEAKS, it tells me these guys are getting as boring as THE DEAD OF NIGHT. The musical arrangement on most songs is embarrasing! And way too many songs have a LOVETHEME. What's up with that?! THE SWEETEST CONDITION would be to bring back old Alan Wilder... I'm sure he could BREATHE some life back into the struggling band.  I FEEL LOVED that these guys continue making music for us, but after 3 failed attempts, they should really just call it quits and say GOODNIGHT LOVERS. I would not buy this album if I AM YOU.
0375703764|2.0|Imagine instead of horror, a comedian; telling six separate jokes, not sequentially, but simultaneously.  Some people would get all six jokes, some only five and some even less.  No matter how brilliantly intertwined, the whole is not greater than the parts.  The Navidson record is good horror, but the balance is just like Lucifer's Hammer, and the 100 other stories written by Niven and Pournelle.  So much twisted, sorted garbage. Nonsense detail about the the dark nature of humanity.  In it, there is little or no redeeming value, and I am at a loss to understand how it builds the element of suspense or magnifies the thrill of the major story. For the time alone expended to track and understand the simultaneous stories, you could have read three or four other books, and be left with a lot less clutter in your head.  Is this contemporary literature?  If so, certainly our culture is dumbing-down.  In some ways, I do see its appeal, however I have to ask the question: did the lifestyle, fabricated stories or personality traits of the narrator have anything to do with telling this story?  Sorry, he's not anyone I desire to relate to, and telling the story through his eyes added nothing.
0896760278|5.0|All of the patterns in this book were taken from existing garments, so they are very historically accurate.  Details on fabric, trim, and construction are included--as well as what type of corset was worn with each (very important!).  I used one of the patterns to make a 1870's dress and it turned out wonderful--I made mock-ups of the bodice first to ensure fit, and had to make a number of alterations.  The grid scale is easy to use. Seam allowances and alternate sizing is not included, so if your figure is extremely dissimilar to the original wearer of the gown, you might have trouble.  These books show a few specific examples in great detail, so you should use it with other broader resources for ideas for alterations, materials, and accessories.
0440203856|1.0|I love Danielle Steel and never thought there would be a book I didn't like.  But Zoya was quite depressing.  It seems like every other page someone died.  Everytime the main character got close to someone they passed away.  I usually keep all of her books once I've read them, but not this one.
0812589041|4.0|The novel Ender's Game is a great piece of work.  The story begins with young boy named Andrew &quot;Ender&quot; Wigin being chosen by his country to go off to battle school where he will learn to become a military genius.  While he is off at military school,his brother and sister are back at home building an alliance with each other. Ender goes through many different things throughout his times at the battle school.  Ender goes through peer pressure, the fact of not being treated as an equal,and isolation from the world.  The games are very wierd but in a great way.  The games are based on real life things that could happen to Ender but in a different point of view.    The practice battles are also very neat and some of the things Ender does during these practices are out of this world.  This book is a must read for all science fiction fans.
