B0000AXE8I|5.0|As usual most compare this to the first and find some scenes unnecessary, when in fact this show shouldn't be compared to the first for multiple reasons.  Starting with the fact that it's a continuation of a story, most of you should know this already realizing that of course certain things won't be as original as the first.  Causing this not to be compared to the first, but to advance the first.  This time with new moves (i.e.: flying, stopping bullets), all of which were shown or hinted at in the first yet never fully used or sought to be the extreme.<BR>    With this series you have to see the overall story.  This story is epic, and very creative in a world like nothing we have seen before.  With this does come certain scenes that we ourselves can't seem to make sense out of.  Sure Zion is supposed to be a high tech underground society.  Though I say hi tech, I do not mean the same hi tech we would see it as.  This hi-tech, is very lo-tech for this world (the world of The Matrix).  So as one said \\"they couldn't figure out shoes\\" is just moronic and idiotic.  These people live under the ground, near the core causing it to be extremely hot, you try wearing a brand new pair of Nike shoes.  The sex scene has been mentioned little to none, but some complaints have come up.  One of which is the `hip factor' as I like to call it.  This scene takes place over a dance within Zion.  Not to mess with the scene of love, but to show that in a world of pain and suffering like this, there can be love, romance, and fun.  The teens shown getting wet and having fun shows what humanity itself can take which truly shows how we as humans can take something as bad as machines taking over the world.<BR>   No matter how much of the movie seems out of place, or unlikely the movie still outdoes all others in the SCI/FI genre.  With this lots will think things aren't or shouldn't be portrait or even are boring do to this factor of unrealism.  What all you movie goers should remember is that in fact you are watching a FICTION movie, as most of you will know this is in fact fake.  So no matter how outlandish it may seem, that is it's point to allow you to see a world beyond our own.  This is the main point of The Matrix, to give us a new look at life.  With this, most people will have to take the Zion scene in strides and the next time pass it up, but remember open the mind up and you will truly be enlighten and realize how great this movie, and it's story really is.  You may even be able to finally see why the `Sex Scene', and `Zion Scene' are there.<BR>  I hope this helps some of you decide, and if it isn't clear I believe this is a MUST BUY.  And remember unlike other reviewers here, they aren't telling you the full story, they are in fact grabbing one aspect and not relating it to the rest of the show.  These slow parts should make sense if you remember you are in a fictional world, and keep the story at that.<BR>  Enjoy the show.<BR>-Dan Riewaldt
0684857219|5.0|This is one of the best investments I've made in a while. I've been working out for about 2 years now and decided I'd finally buy a book to explain weight lifting in greater detail so I can become more serious. Just after reading a few pages I felt like I knew a lot of the bodybuilding &quot;secrets&quot; and techniques. I've changed my workout, intensity, diet, and dedication all because of this book. It's every bit as inspiring as it is educational. Arnold is my new hero!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This effort is not as accessible as &quot;Mer De Noms&quot; which is what seperates it from the flock. It is not exactly radio friendly or filled with the catchy phrases of other rock groups. Instead this album grabs and swallows your soul in emotionally spell-binding glory. Billy excites your nerves and Maynard taunts your mind with their siren medley of legendary performance. This is why Dali painted and Frost wrote, in hopes of making tangible all that defines us as human.
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|One complaint I've heard about this album is how mellow 13th step is compared to the last APC cd.  I agree with that statement but I think 13th Step is better than the last.  Forget about the radio.  Listen to the 3rd track entitled Noose.  This song may be the best song I've heard in a long time.  The entire cd has deep meaning for anyone who may be battling their own demons and is perfect for those days you dont want to get up and do anything.  Just throw in this cd and relax.  I personally cannot wait for the next cd from APC.
B00004VWA7|5.0|I first heard of Jaco when I did a project on him for my Instrumental Music class in high school. I found his name on a list of bassists(we had to choose a musician of our intrument) and looked him up online, finding all these sites proclaiming Jaco to be the 'Greatest Bass Player Ever!' I remember thinking that there were so many great bassists that I loved, how could this guy top them? I listen to so many types of music and am particularly into Classical music, Jazz, and Progressive Rock like Dream Theater and Rush. I'd heard some of the best music (in my opinion) and some of the best musicians, and yet Jaco's album completely blew me away. Granted, the musicianship he crafted for bass was extremely appealing to me, being a bassist, but even now, after not having played for over a year, I get the same chills from these songs as I did before. His grooves simply are amazing. Opus Pocus and Continuum are some of my favorites off this one, but Portrait of Tracy is one of the most beautiful songs I have ever heard, and one of the most enjoyable songs to learn to play. The harmonics on bass in that song are genius, to a musician or just to a regular music fan. Now I really know why he was hailed as the best bassist ever, because he was. Simple as that. If you love this album after you buy it, get his Birthday Album, equally amazing. His Intro/The Chicken groove is so energy-filled that its like a party being released into your room. Word of Mouth is another album I love by Jaco, particularly his version of J.S. Bach's 'Chromatic Fantasy' (Incredible!!) and Paul McCartney's 'Blackbird'. Basically, if you're a big jazz lover like I am, you should love this stuff, and buy as much as you can from him.
B0000B3FCX|3.0|Nickelback emerged on the &quot;new rock&quot; or &quot;alternative&quot; music scene (whatever it's termed these days) with a bang and not a whimper.  Their clever and compelling melodies (the brilliance of the intro to &quot;Little Friend&quot; on the Curb CD is memorable, possibly legendary, telling a whole story of dreams fulfilled before words are ever uttered!), heartfelt lyrics and heart-wrenching vocals quickly earned them a spot in this reviewer's list of &quot;elite&quot; bands, which includes groups such as The Police, Queen, Rush, Led Zeppelin, The Doors, and, more recently, Matchbox Twenty, Three Doors Down, Lifehouse, Toad the Wet Sprocket and Collective Soul.  It was perhaps these soaring expectations, then, that led me to listen to The Long Road with a heart that sank more and more with each song.  To place it on the scale for other Nickelback fans:  it is much better than The State, but absent is the seductiveness of Curb or Silver Side Up.<br />The underlying spirit of TLR seems one that is tainted with bitterness.  Only &quot;Yankin On My...&quot; manages to rise above this and remains true to the caustic wittiness that made many of Nickelback's other songs so alluring.  There is a plethora of &quot;love gone wrong&quot; songs on TLR, a theme that becomes wearisome.  Even the enjoyable but faintly kitschy &quot;Feelin Way Too Damn Good&quot; has despairing undertones (but you DO have to chuckle appreciatively at the line about the shower. Okay--call me puerile.  Or maybe that is a feminine perspective; the same line disgusted another reviewer).  Other tunes have a head-banging rhythm and/or scathing, violent lyrics that might appeal to juvenile dissenters but arguably no one else outside such a mindset.  Some of the band's previous magic is definitely diminished.  For instance, I prefer the struggling hero depicted in &quot;Never Again&quot; from Silver Side Up to the woman-hating dominator in TLR's &quot;Figured You Out&quot;.  Sadly, even one ofthe best songs on the CD (&quot;Believe It or Not&quot;) cannot be fully appreciated because of grammatical bumbles (&quot;Everyone need...&quot;)  Finally, I'm not quite certain how to feel about the rendition of &quot;Saturday Night's (Alright for Fighting)&quot;:  though both credible and likable, it just cannot approach the mastery of the original (the Elton/Bernie combo is tough to beat). Just as general commentary, some songs need to be left alone. Nowhere was that evidenced more glaringly than in the horrendous recent re-makes of Fleetwood Mac's Landslide and Queen's Crazy Little Thing Called Love!  Thankfully, I am quite certain Nickelback will NOT have Elton tearing off his toupee in distress!<br />Whether TLR was rushed to production, or is representative of a depressed period for its creators, one hopes that the NEXT Nickelback venture will take up where Curb and Silver Side Up left off, meeting unfulfilled promise and embracing a wider audience with introspective but sophisticated lyrics and fresh, powerful music.  This may mean the band will have to reach beyond the scope of their individual and collective talents and receive and infusion of creativity from elsewhere in the musical community, perhaps in a collaborative undertaking (re: Matchbox Twenty's &quot;Disease&quot;).
B00005614M|5.0|Miles changed the music world completely when these recordings came out, for the first time in his life (he would do it many more times afterwards).  Unfortunately, he didn't receive credit at the time.  The music on this album is much cooler and more laid-back than the rip-roaring bebop music of the 1940's.  Miles plays cool here too, taking very few technical risks and using a beautiful rich sound (although it became a much more amazing sound later on).  The musicians who join Miles on this effort are the same people who became movers and shakers later on in the 1950's.  Gerry Mulligan on baritone saxophone, Lee Konitz on alto saxophone, Al Haig on piano, Junior Collins on french horn, Bill Barber on tuba, Kai Winding on trombone, Al McKibbon on bass and Max Roach on drums.  This was the original Miles group from this era, although on this album the personnel switches fairly frequently.  Gil Evans arranged and conducted on this effort, and it was their first of many great collaborations.  Gil had worked with a white orchestra called the Claude Thornhill Orchestra and the nonet tried to sound like the Thornhill group on these sessions.  &quot;Move&quot; is a stunning cooled out version of Denzil Best's bebop tune that was usually played by the likes of Charlie Parker, Dizzy or Fats Navarro.  Miles sounds great on it and the arrangement is very innovative.  Same with Gerry Mulligan's old school &quot;Jeru&quot;, which has become a modern classic, and Lee Konitz plays beautifully on it as well.  Ballads like the unspeakably beautiful &quot;Moon Dreams&quot; (which has very little &quot;real&quot; soloing, simply brilliant ensemble work) and the Kenny Hagood vocal feature on the standard &quot;Darn That Dream&quot; are also impeccably played.  Other great, innovative musicians showed up for the later sessions, including pianist John Lewis, trombonist J.J. Johnson, french hornist and arranger/conducter Gunther Schuller, and others.  The experiment with an AmericanizedWestern European sound (&quot;Venus De Milo&quot;), take more bebop tunes and play them cool (the classic &quot;Budo&quot;), inter-mix orchestral music, bebop and cool music with &quot;Boplicity&quot; (one of the Gil Evans/Miles compositions that would become an extremely popular standard today), and then there are some compositions that are just plain and simple unabashed fun like John Lewis's energetic &quot;Rouge&quot; and Gerry Mulligan's entertaining &quot;Godchild&quot;.  Pretty much every song on this disc is a classic, with the exception of maybe Johnny Carisi's &quot;Israel&quot;, which was an extremely innovative track for its time but not especially great today (in my opinion) and &quot;Rocker&quot;, another Mulligan composition that gets a bit lost in the shuffle.  Other than that, this is a definite jazz classic and a must-have in any music lover's collection.  There's no excuse for not having it.  No doubt about it.
0062511408|1.0|This book tries to be inspirational but it's really just a bunch of cliches.  I didn't enjoy it and I didn't learn anything from it.
0440237688|5.0|I normally only read novels that I know will have adventure in them, and only read The Giver because it was assigned to me in school. However, The Giver has surpassed everything I've ever read. It's now my favorite book because it compels you to think, particularly about aspects of life that I had always taken for granted. I won't tell you what they are for fear of becoming a spoiler, but I will tell you that The Giver is something I intend on reading again and again in the future. This brilliantly-written book deserves every one of those above five stars.
B00005JLKB|5.0|We couldnt wait for this dvd to come out! We love Smallville here in Australia. It feels great owning the complete season when suppliers here insisted that it would never be released.<br />Thanks Amazon!!!!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I was told not to have my expectations up about the new APC album Thirteenth Step.  I was told it was just a second Tool for lead singer Maynard James Keenan, but I was told wrong.<BR>This CD is beautiful, complex, but it still holds the melodic signature which is APC. IT is an amazing album.  Buy it.
B0000AKCLS|5.0|&quot;Blues Deluxe,&quot; the new CD from Joe Bonamassa, is promoted as his first 'official' blues CD. His former discs &quot;So, It's Like That&quot; and &quot;A New Day Yesterday&quot; are more classic rock (with a blues influence).<br />I came across this disc at a listening station in Barnes And Noble - and was immediately taken in by a rousing rendition of BB King's &quot;You Upset Me Baby&quot; followed by a foot-stompin' rendition of John Lee Hooker's &quot;Burning Hell.&quot; You could immediately tell that Joe Bonamassa was not here to pay tribute to the blues, he was here to bring it to a new level.<br />This is not entirely a covers disc, &quot;Woke Up Dreaming&quot; is a blistering acoustic track (yes blistering -- the guitar is almost set on fire in the intro), and &quot;I Don't Live Anywhere&quot; is a dreamy-heartfelt ballad that shows Bonamassa can write with the best of them.<br />It is here where I can say this CD is a great listening experience. The song where Bonamassa brings &quot;Blues Deluxe&quot; to level above great, is in fact, the title track (a cover of the great Jeff Beck). The solo in this song is comparable to some of the best of the best (Stevie Ray Vaughan, Jimi Hendrix, and Eric Clapton). The raw emotion that filters through the guitar solo is enough to channel into anyone's soul, and make them nod in appreciation for what has been 'said'. I, in fact, am one of those souls.
0812550706|3.0|What is with the kids getting naked every other chapter?  There are times when it is just not appropriate.  No, I didn't expect Ender to take a shower in his spacesuit, but what's with him making all the 4-6 year olds jog around naked carrying their spacesuits?  I'm sorry, but that naked fist fight gave me the willies.  Not to mention how disgusting it is to kick someone between the legs when they're not wearing any pants.  Serioulsy tho, why does Card have to have everyone sitting around in the buff while studying when Ender arrives at Camp Crystal Lake 3000?  Just not necessary.  I understand sometimes nudity can help in story telling (Garden of Eden?), but in this book it's ALWAYS CHILDREN.  Kinda disturbing, which brings me to my next point.<br />By far the only truly engaging character is Peter.  I just wish we could have had insight into him.  Ender's is too simplistic &quot;He doesn't want to kill but he has too&quot; or something.  Peter, I'd love to know what drives him.  He's a wacko with a consience.  And he knows he's a wacko.  See, toward the end, he's willing to use his wacko-ness to commit evil for the greater good of humanity.  That's what I got out of it.  And what's with the heart to heart Peter gives Ender while he thinks he's asleep?  It's never ever followed up on.  <br />What gets to me is the super genius starts spinning out of conrol after awhile.  It's like:  Ender's smart, but Peter's reallllly smart, but Bean's really reaalllllly smart but then Peter gets even smarter so he's reallllly realllly reallly smart!  But then Ender takes Bean under his wing so then Bean gets REALLY INHUMANELY IMPOSSIBLY YOU'RE-TOO-STUPID-TOO-COMPREHEND HOW SMART!  And he's like four.  Even the greatest of fantasy needs the reigns pulled in otherwise you wind up with something like Waterworld, and we don't want that, now do we?
0440224764|1.0|This is definitely an easy read, but the time is better spent elsewhere.  The characters are not well built nor worth caring for.  And the ending, besides being cliche, is completely unwarranted and destroys the entire book.  I had to read another book immediately after finishing this one just to cleanse myself of a disappointing read.
B000003TA4|3.0|The above's my fave lyric from Nevermind. I know everyone else mishears and misinterprets what Kurdt says in his songs, but I know what I'm talking about and I'm the only one who could have the strength to peer into the abysmal eternal darkness that is Cobain's soul and wisdom. I heard it from the grunge king himself (in a quote from a 1995 concert in the wilds of the Amazon down here in South America). Cobain's image is so cool and dangerous. Punk rockers like us know NIRVANA (remember, it's spelled in all caps like KurDt spells it) is all about gloom and sitting around hoping for new happy revolutions of the governmental wheels while we do nada about nothin'. Sitting is an action, right? Well then, that means if us NIRVANA fans sit around long enough, we'd be taking action. Yay. Buy Nevermind. It rox. That's with an &quot;x&quot; and not a &quot;cs&quot;. It's more punk that way.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|Arrogant, audacious, and sublimely beautiful, &quot;Want One&quot; is a song cycle that raises great hope for modern songwriting, and fulfills the promise of Rufus' first 2 albums.   His plaintive voice stretches, sustains and yearns throughout the lush palette, sounding like the best parts of Peter Allen and Harry Nilsson by way of Brian Wilson.  It's an unashamedly emotional and confessional work that maneuvers through its literate romantic cinematic landscape without schmaltz.      Extraordinary.
B000003BZ4|5.0|This is an amazing first cd from Warren and the boys. It is a must for any cd collection. I would buy this or Gov't Mule ...a little help from my friends which includes some guitar from one of the greatest living guitar players...Marc Ford check out marcford.net
B00005A46U|4.0|I like the overall sound of Caravan very much, but what really makes this album worthwhile is the suite that has For Richard in it. The title track also makes for good listening.<BR>The bonus tracks are nice, but don't really add anything essential.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|All I have is three words for you...Maynard James Keenan.  Or maybe just a name.  Without Maynard's angelic voice all you get is a lot of cool guitar rifts with no soul.  Add Maynards voice and you have one of the years greatest albums.  It's not the first album but it's also not like most sophmore albums.  These guys really knew what they were doing when they created this band.
B00006JDS4|4.0|Apart from that, a work of genius. I love it. A see once movie really, as it does not and cannot have the same impact twice. Very Andrea Dworkin, even the humour. Looked Scandinavian and reminded me of Bergman (Virgin Spring?) Has a memorable Boudica like climax only missing the Ride of the Valkyries on the soundtrack. Just great stuff.<br />A writer at the time related the polarized reactions in the theatre. \\"Kill the b***h!\\" Reposted on the distaff side with \\"right on, sister!\\" Unfortunately, certain parties didn't want things out in the open and the film suffered censure. There's a book to be written on the moral questions raised by the retarded guy alone, but I'll focus on a couple of things. The pivotal moment when Jennifer lowers her gun when she has her tormentor at her mercy. Does he have a point? Yes and no. At that moment it's like she reaches an understanding with nature and Keaton's enigmatic performance nails it. Is Jennifer's transformation too sudden or was she like that from the start? Another unexpected aspect is the ridiculing of her writing. In an odd way this really gets to you more than the rape. In a stroke of genius that makes the film, Jennifer seems to become 'Mary', a fictional character or characters in her own writing, descending upon the men like some incubus and getting poetic revenge for that particular sleight. In fact, I can't make up my mind if the film is merely (?) didactic, or a poetic lament. What it has to say about sexual politics is true.<br />Director's commentary: Unsurprisingly, Zarchi appeared to be  European, and eccentric to boot. \\"Listen to the bird, she is saying: Peace on earth....peace on earth.\\" He constantly quotes critics but is frustratingly parsimonious with his own impressions. He distastefully describes a real life rape while the fictional one is playing out but if this tragedy motivated him to make the picture then he should elaborate. We are left hanging as to his real motives. When he quoted 'hell hath nofury', he drew unflattering comparisons with Criswell in 'Plan 9'. There is an enigmatic moment when Jennifer types after the rape. Not a peep from the director on this. Zarchi's observations of male attitudes in the film are perceptive. The guy with the axe almost hiding in fear of Jennifer at the climax. The constant references to their mothers and calling on them in crisis. Many men will recognise themselves in these attitudes and excuses so I'm not surprised to see such fervent condemnation of 'Grave', but from the director, we get less than the dicky bird he is so fond of quoting. He appears to side with the poetic aspect, but he left me feeling puzzled and uncomfortable.<br />Briggs: Appears puzzled by the plot. Why didn't the men go in the house with matthew? Not difficult, if they want Matthew to be the fall guy, then they can't be in the same room when he's committing murder. Briggs considers the wife by the pumps scene superfluous. Surely this is one of the most telling moments in the film? I don't agree with his assertion that men shouting mysogynistic comments during theatrical performances of 'Grave' don't really mean it. It just proves to me the film was accurate in it's observations. Get it out in the open, I say. Perhaps Biggs sees the film as a lampoon, four burly men never really standing a chance against a smart cosmopolitan women from New York. Either way, I found his commentary to be largely superfluous.
B00009L1TA|2.0|Yes, Sam Jackson and John Travolta co-star in the same movie again after their career-making turns in &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot; made 8 years before.  And yes, they share some of the screen time, so don't worry the film might be something like &quot;Heat&quot; (in which Al and Bob didn't seem to have shared the same space even if they did).  But, I tell you, in this film &quot;Basic&quot; they are no Jules and Vincent hotly discussiing the merit of hambergers.  I mean there is nothing remarkable about their 'co-starring.'<br />The film is like &quot;Courage Under Fire&quot; in Panama with the slight tinge of &quot;Rashomon.&quot;  John Travolta is, as you expect, ex-ranger and DEA agent with shady past.  He is called in to assist Connie Nielsen's official investigator to seek what really happened deep in the jungle of Panama, where the military troops were training under Sgt. Samuel L Jackson, stern and foul-mouthed chief.  8 members went into the forest during hurricane, and only three came back, one dead, one wounded, and one whose mouth is tightly shut.  So what happened?<br />But what happened?  I am still confused, because the story is given so many twists and turns that I couldn't follow it.  The problem is, each flashback shot is too dark; each character is, except for Sam Jackson, very weak and one-dimentional; and most importantly, no version of 'truth' is interesting at all -- interesting in whatever meaning you might take.  You see TRUTH Version A, and then Version B; none of them is intriguing as the basis of thriller, and then comes Version C and D and ... finally, I lost count.  It is true that the ending is surprising (or meant to be so), but, frankly, it was jaw-droppingly incredible.<br />In short, &quot;Basic&quot; is trying to be too smart, and consequently it sacrifices a group of very talented actors.  I didn't notice until much later that people like Taye Diggs or Giovanni Ribisi are included in the cast, perhaps because of poor lighting and hisway of speech.  Forgive me for saying so, but I really like these actors, and cannot overlook these outrageous use of them.<br />I see nothing wrong with Travolta's acting, but compared with Sam Jackson's acting as charismatic as ever, he seems to be in need of a bit of more polishing up.  And as to Connie Nielsen, all I can say is she is more convincing than her turn as FBI investigator in &quot;Hunted,&quot; but her haircut is as strange as Travolta's one in &quot;Swordfish.&quot;<br />If it had been made with lesser known people, I would have given more stars to &quot;Basic.&quot;  As it is (and its director being John 'Die Hard' McTiernan), it remains there.  If you get tired of following the story, try to spot John Travolta's elder sister Margaret as nurse.  That may help you to keep interested.
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|Yes, this is a great APC album, so stop asking and just by it.  That said, this album is sure to disappoint the listeners wanted more heft and less sonic beauty.  Well, tough.  The cover of Failure's &quot;The Nurse Who Loved Me&quot; is great, but as a reinvention, not a straight cover (hear the original and decide for yourself).<br />Check out the Underworld Soundtrack for similar new music and auditory joys.
B000002MG1|5.0|Automatic is a collection of mostly sombre and seemingly melancholic songs. There's great depth and maturity to the lyrics while the music perfectly carries their mood of resignation.<br />Try Not To Breathe is a gripping ballad with exquisitely poetic lyrics, The Sidewinder is an up-tempo rock song whilst Everybody Hurts is a brooding ballad with beautifully inspiring vocals. What makes this music so special is the sense of redemption and transcendence that shines through the sadness, a hope beyond despair as in the awesome Sweetness Follows with its beautiful viola and guitar lines.<br />Within the overall mood Automatic offers plenty of variety with tracks like Ignoreland, a protest song with a solid rock beat and catchy hook, and Star Me Kitten, a tender and introspective romantic ballad. Another lovely melody drives the lilting Man On The Moon with its references to Elvis and Andy Warhol.<br />My personal favorite is the majestic Nightswimming, a bittersweet recollection of youth with evocative imagery and a haunting melody. Here REM have really surpassed themselves. This breathtaking song sticks in the mind and is probably amongst my top ten of all time.<br />Automatic For The People is a timeless rock classic and remains my all-time favorite REM album. These songs have earned their place of honour in rock's hall of fame.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I loved this cd, ok maybe not as much as the first, but its still the best cd i've bought in months. tracks 3, 4 and 10 , noose, blue, and pet are amazing. the nurse who loved me seems a little... different, but it is a cover, and i think its growing on me.  anyway, it a perfect circle, enough said, great cd!
0316666343|5.0|Although the story starts in kind of a disturbing way, the book is just too good to put down! It's a fast read, the charachters are easy to follow, and the story is super exciting! It certainly gets your heart pounding! I'm so glad I bought it!
B00005JM02|5.0|This movie was magnificent!  I wanted to cry after the first scene but that feeling was quickly thwarted once Nemo's adventures began!  I have two saltwater aquariums and two freshwater aquariums.  This movie made me want to set me fish free, especially my clown fish!  I hope my fish are happy though, not miserable like the ones in the movie!  What a wonderful family movie.  There is great humor for the adults while the kids are fascinated by the entire movie!  This is a must see for everyone!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Much different than Mer De Noms, but perfect as well in its own way, this album delivers what most bands these days cannot. Maynard James Keenan of Tool is probably the most important edition to the band A Perfect Circle (who's songs date around early 1990's to late 1980's) with his incredible vocal impact. Mer De Noms and Thirteenth Step are almost uncomparable, but considering this we could say they've grown musically. If all bands' albums sounded alike, music would be pretty monotonous. I've never heard anything like A Perfect Circle and all of its aspects; vocals, instrumental parts, etc. It helped that Billy Howerdel had a  recording studio in his home, giving each band member the chance to record and re-record songs until it reached the perfect level it's now at.<br />I can't really pick a favorite song of mine on the album, because I honestly think they're all equally perfect, but sounding different each time.<br />This is one of the best albums I've bought in a long time. I highly suggest purchasing it. You won't regret it.
0452282152|4.0|The Girl with a Pearl Earring is an intriguing novel, taking place in the seventeenth century. All around, it was a good book that held my interest.<BR> This book is about a teenage girl named Griet, whose father is blinded in a bad accident. Conflict arises when Griet goes out to make a living for her family. There are so many dilemmas; among them the fact that she can only see her family once a week. <BR> My favorite quote in this novel can be found in two or three parts. Whenever Griet runs, she thinks to herself, \\"Only thieves and children run.\\" It is as if she is relating herself to either a child or a thief, though she does not say which.<BR> My favorite character is Margaret, because she is a hard worker, and is willing to learn. She is one of the only people that call Griet by her name.<BR> I also like it when the situation of the pearl earring arises. It is one of the main dilemmas that lead to the breathtaking climax. I am not going to reveal one of the most interesting parts of the book!<BR> As much as I enjoyed this book, there are a few inappropriate sexual scenes. They should have been excluded from the story. If a person skips over these parts, he really wouldn't miss anything. <BR> However, I would recommend this book to read because it is very interesting; the rising action is filled with many conflicts. After you are filled with suspense, you get to experience both the exciting climax, and the relieving resolution of The Girl with a Pearl Earring.
B000060P79|5.0|simple plan rox! i love pierre, he is so hot. simple plan is the best!!!!
B00000JQFM|5.0|This awe-inspiring 10 track journey is everything one has come to expect from Mr. Satriani---raucous, crunchy rockers, smooth, expressive soloing and an overall mood that is simply indescribable. Once again, Satch manages to compose an entire album without speaking a single word, yet one must wonder as to whether or not Joe's axe posesses a set of vocal chords.<br />The title track is a frenetic romp chock full of whammy bar dives and tapping. The Vonnegut-inspired Ice 9 is another fiery piece, with its chunky rhythm guitars in the background. Track 3, Crushing Day, is a powerful, crisp number---ideal highway driving music.<br />There is, of course, much more guitar goodness on this album, namely; the beautiful Always With Me, Always With You and Circles, an utterly mind-boggling piece that starts out slow and plunges into a maniacal primal scream of a solo.<br />So do your civic duty and buy this album. If you play guitar, you should already own it. Even if you DON'T play guitar, you should already own it. It is a fine example of Satriani's sheer talent. Think of Jimmy Page, Eddie Van Halen, Jimi Hendrix and Yngwie Malmsteen all rolled up into one delicious burrito of raw shredding talent, and you'll have an idea of what you're in for with Surfing With The Alien.
B00003CXA6|5.0|Gettysburg was one of the top 10 movies I've ever seen in my life.  I am a reader, and am so inevitably disappointed by movies that I was completely amazed how good it was!  Never the student of history, I so loved Gettysburg that I hastened to read the book on which it is based, The Killer Angels by Michael Shaara.  From there, I've been devouring everything I can get hold of on the subject.  That's how much impact it had on me!<br />The only possible improvement I can imagine is a different casting of General Lee.  Martin Sheen doesn't look anything like him, and his accent was nothing close to Virginian (and I'm not even a Southerner).  I agree with the other reviewers who've said Robert Duvall makes a better Lee.<br />All the other castings were perfect.  4 hours isn't long enough...you'll find yourself hating for it to end!  I really can't recommend this movie enough!
0316666343|1.0|Interesting premise but that is all. Characters are NOT deep they are just overdone. Take for example Mrs. Singh. 99.99% of Indian women do not smoke, especially one who has a last name of Singh. Women with last name &quot;Singh&quot; and 99% of them are Sikh do not smoke. It is against their religion.<br />Take another character, the detective and infact take the whole amazingly stupid police department that he belongs to, a police department that never investigates the prime suspect's background, no finger prints, no searches, nothing. After watching numerous missing girls cases on TV, how believable is that I ask you! And then the murderer ups and goes missing easy as you please and does any one think that that might be a little strange! Does anyone go looking? Other than the real smart teenager of course.<br />This is one of those overhyped books. I did not finish it. I could not. Inane!!! Stop supporting stuff like this. I am taking the book back to Costco and asking for my money back.
0783228457|2.0|Confusing, silly and boring at times. Not that good.
B0000AI44Q|5.0|Buy it, buy it... support this old man. After seeing the Greendale show in San Diego I'm considering flying to Tokyo to see Neil and Crazy Horse perform again.<br />Think outside the box, and trust this master artist.<br />BUY and play every week until.... Neil tours again.
6304981635|5.0|Enter the Dragon (ETD) was the last completed film of legendary martial arts expert Bruce Lee.  It was Lee's dream to achieve international success and it is of extreme irony that he did not live to see all his dreams fulfilled.  At least he left behind his legacy which includes ETD.  Lee (character has the same name) is sent on a mission by a British organization of &quot;information gathers&quot; to infiltrate Han's (Shih Kien)island at an international tournament that is held every three years.  Lee shares screen time with Williams (Jim Kelly middleweight karate champion) and Roper (John Saxon).  The film was the first U.S.-Hong Kong co-production and was intended to introduce Lee to an international market.<br />While the film borrows heavily from Dr. No of the James Bond series it is Lee that separates this film from the mundane.  Lee's screen presence is undeniable only surpassed by his phenomenal ability as a martial artist.  His battle with the guards in the under ground dungeon is &quot;extraordinary&quot; as Han so aptly observes.  Lee's mega watt glare is also a site to behold particularly when he stares down an unsuspecting henchman who dare's to question why Lee is not in the provided uniform.  ETD is directed by Bob Clouse who actually does a good job freeing up the surroundings so that Lee has plenty of room to strut his stuff.  All of the fight sequences were staged and expertly executed under the direction of Lee.  A testament to this is that 30 years after it's initial release ETD can still hold it's own next to the more special effects driven features like \\"Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon\\" or \\"Kiss of the Dragon.\\"<br />In the climatic scene of ETD Lee exacts revenge on Han in spectacular fashion.  I recommend this DVD without reservation it is simply a true classic in every sense of the word!
B0000041Q3|5.0|TURANDOT was Puccini's last opera. It is a radical departure from his earlier works such as LA BOHEME, TOSCA, and MADAMA BUTTERFLY, but it has a majesty and beauty that is irresistible. Puccini died before completing the orchestration of the score, which was completed by another composer Franco Alfano.<br />The opera tells the story of a princess named Turandot, who requires that all her suitors answer three riddles if they wish to be married to her. All the suitors fail and each is killed. Prince Calaf sees the lovely Turandot, and immediately falls in love with her. This is against the wishes of his elderly father Timur and his father's caretaker Liu, as well as the entire community. Calaf is in love and will not hear of their objections. He is able to answer her three riddles which shocks Turandot. She still wants him beheaded, but her father tells her she cannot go against her word. Calaf makes a deal with her. He will release her from her promise if she can guess his name. She tries to learn his name and kills Liu, the one who secretly loves Calaf in the process. Calaf decides to reject Turandot because of this, but she repents of her ways, and in the end true love reigns supreme.<br />There are many excellent recordings of this opera with greats such as Jussi Bjorling, Franco Corelli, Placido Domingo, and Jose Carreras playing the role of Calaf. Each interprets the role differently, but I believe the Pavarotti recording under the baton of Zubin Mehta with Joan Sutherland as Turandot is remarkable. Perhaps the reason for this is due to the fact that Pavarotti has used Nessun Dorma, the famous aria from Act III as his signature piece, but the recoding has many more merits than this one aria. Sutherland is powerful as the love starved and heartless Turandot. Pavarotti's magnificent voice handles the twists and turns of his role as well.  As Liu Montserrat Caballe is sweet and convincing. Nicolai Ghiaurov gives the role of Timur a sad and heartbroken tone which the character of Calaf's father Timur should have since his entire world is caving in around him. The power of the score dramatically unfolds with Mehta's conducting. A grand musical spectacle unfolds when listening to this great recording. Another notable person in this recording is tenor Peter Pears who plays the role of Altoum. It is difficult to imagine such a tremendous cast on a present day recording. Fortunately is has been recorded to last for years to come.the character of Calaf's father Timur should have since his entire world is caving in around him. The power of the score dramatically unfolds with Mehta's conducting. A grand musical spectacle unfolds when listening to this great recording. Another notable person in this recording is tenor Peter Pears who plays the role of Altoum. It is difficult to imagine such a tremendous cast on a present day recording. Fortunately is has been recorded to last for years to come.
B0000640SB|5.0|Are there extraterrestrials living among us?  Is your next door neighbor one?  How about the manager of your local supermarket?<br />Ah.....these are the questions you may be asking yourself after watching this outsanding movie, &quot; Men In Black.&quot;<br /> Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones, Secret Agents who are secretely keeping the aliens that live on earth in line,  are our main players in this movie along with many yucky creepy aliens from God only knows where. When one of these aliens threatens our world the action begins and the battle between alien and earthmen heats up.<br /> This movie had great special effects, great acting and many downright laugh outloud times.  It was outstanding entertainment for the entire family and a movie that you would not mind seeing over and over again.
B0000BYM3K|2.0|This album don't offer nothing new and tricks have heard before. Hardcore fans will buy this but if you are a quality kwowledge Maiden music listener, you won't necessarely need this album. There some fine moments and some bad moments. You will boored soon for this Dance od Death. Spare your money and wish that Maiden will do next time something fresh and unheard material.
0399226907|5.0|I remember this book from when I was a little person and was all too happy to get this in board book form as a gift for my 14 month old daughter (I am a big fan of books and have been buying them for my daughter since she was a few weeks old :) ).  She enjoys the colors and turning back the pages to build the caterpillar's diet on its way to becoming a butterfly.  It's truly a 'must have' in any child's library.
4883191028|5.0|Wow! I would never believed even my wildest dreams, if somebody had said me a year ago: &quot; You will study Japanese next year.&quot; These days, I studying it! Minna No Nihongo:Book 1 is my guide, help and anothet teacher! If you gonna start Japanese studies, you should choose this book because this is the so clear and makes your Japanese studies easier!
0694003611|5.0|I can remember being a child and having this book read to me, the lyrical sound of my mother's voice whispering 'hush' right along with the 'quiet old lady' bunny, who is ensuring that the little bunny in the story goes to bed appropriately.  Now, I love the fact that I can share that experience with my daughter, and enjoy reading it to her, much the same way as it was read to me.  <br />I find the simplicity of the story, drawings and language near perfection for a 'night-time' book, and still feel a sense of 'magic' of when reading it today.  I look forward to sharing this with my children for years to come.
B00006879E|1.0|I purchased this CD after hearing the single &quot;Harder To Breathe&quot; which is a great song. The rest of the CD sounds like<BR>it was done by a different band. There is not one other song like Harder To Breathe on the album. That wouldn't be so bad if any of the other songs were good, but they are not.The rest sounds like a total Jamiroquai rip-off. Beware, this has one hit wonder written all over it.
B000002IZ4|5.0|STP could have been a major force and the standard by which all other bands should be judged. Instead, given the problems of the band, we have flashes of brilliance and this disc has them like their other works. <br />There are very few songs that always put a smile on my face but 'Interstate Love Song' does. I have never tired of it even close to 10 years later. Classic disc that everyone should own.
B000089RVX|5.0|Evanescence rocks!!! There music is so powerful. I seriously think there are no words to describe how great there music is. And live, its even more powerful. Amy Lee delivers a great message in her music and she does it with her amazing heaven sent voice. It's spin tingling.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Granted, it sounds different than their first album, but upon several listenings, it's obvious how beautiful this album is.  There have been lots of reviews talking about how it isn't as heavy as Mer de Noms or whatever, but A Perfect Circle are not a metal band.  They are art.  Pure and simple.
0812550706|4.0|Orsin Scott Card's book, Ender's Game, is a great action adventure in space. A young boy named Ender must save the world from aliens and go through rigorous training. I liked the book a lot because it has a good message about life and death, and displays views of the future of humanity. I also liked the book because it gets into detail about what goes on behind-the-scenes, when Ender isn't around. It talks about how and why Ender was specifically chosen to save the world instead of his homicidal brother, Peter. There are many more books after this one in the series, which expand on Enders life and works. I'd recommend this book to anyone who likes science-fantasy and war novels.
B00008H2LE|5.0|Okay, this has got to be the best cd ever. There isnt alot of cds that i have that i like all the songs, but geez...EVERY song is awesome! Id say the best song of the whole album is Don't Stay. It almost makes you wanna get up and mosh or somethin. I don't understand why when people say Meteora is like Hybrid Theory, cuz yeah, thats the kind of music they make, hello. They take all the bands like Korn, Staind and other bands they wanna be like and turn it into a completely different genre. Id say thats pretty genius. So anyway, to whoever is reading this and likes art, then buy this cd. Its great.
B000002OZY|5.0|This album is quite significant, even pivotal, to me.  Why, you ask?  Because it is THE album that started me out of rock n' roll.  The very first album that ever made me think of music as an art, and believe that a story could be told with only music.  Yes, the actual storyline is rather vague and uneven at points, but that is just the brilliance of it: it is an interpreter's piece.  Listen to Amazing Journey/Sparks--I mean, actually listen--and surrender yourself to the images the pieces conjure.  Or you can just enjoy the excellent top rate rock n' roll music.
B0000BYM3K|3.0|If you liked Brave New World and Fear of the Dark you will like this.  If your a fan of PowerSlave and Number of the Beast you will not enjoy this album.  It has the commercial sound, not the power that earlier Iron Maiden had.  But it still has a nice sound and is better than the crap the new bands are putting together.  Bruce's voice is great. But I understand Maiden is getting a little older and trying to appeal to a younger audience.  You'll want to play it loud, but it just won't hit you in the heart like the earlier music.
630280082X|5.0|Is Columbia Pictures listening or whomever owns the rights to produce this film on DVD.  This is the best musical movie ever with guitars, Blues Guitar to be more specific. I have been wanting this on DVD since the format came out. I can't believe how many sorry movies a person can find in the bargain dvd bin at a Wal-Mart. So if those are on DVD why isn't this one? I agree that the soundtrack is one of the best ever, though the cd movie soundtrack leaves off the best guitar scene in the movie with Steve Vai. If you love the Blues, you got to have this one. Hopefully on DVD soon, we can all have!  Write your congressman or somebody who can fast-track this to DVD.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|It is astonishing to realize that Dylan can still write rings around everybody else when he is firmly into his sixties. This album demonstrates the futility and vacuousness of constantly trying sound like the last big thing. Dylan seems honestly not to give a fig for current trends or for appealing to any listener (or record-buyer)in particular. He just sits down and does what he's always done; arrange simple chord patterns and beautiful, subtle melodies for his lyrics. Lyrics which are always vivid and startling in their expressive power. Once those elements are in place, there's nothing left to do but play the song straight-ahead with a crack band and talk/shout/groan/honk or even sing out a vocal performance which is devoid of any of the usual cliches from the modern pop singer's bag of tricks. Instead, Bob always gives us a passionate and honest performance of songs which come from his soul. There's nothing better than the real thing baby! Do yourself a favour and buy this latest gift from America's greatest songwriter.
B0000AK7AA|5.0|FINALLY! I have been waiting for this movie to come to DVD since DVD was first introduced. But kudos to Universal on the transfer and the thanks for the DTS soundtrack.
B0000AXE8I|3.0|I think the problems with the script and acting have been well covered in most of the other reviews for this movie.  While these factors are what makes this a mediocre film, there are other hints as to why this is the case.  Given that the matrix films are so highly stylized, there are a few scenes in this movie to suggest that put into theaters too quickly.  <br />1. During the \\"love\\" scene, there is a line of spit extending from one character's lips to the other.<br />2. While the French guy is making his speech, a white substance that George Carlin would call \\"lip crud\\" forms at the side of his mouth.<br />I'm somewhat of a movie buff, and I can't recall another instance of mistakes like this making it past the editing process.  Maybe I'm just too observant, but I caught these mistakes after just one viewing.  I believe that The Matrix Reloaded was rushed into theaters.  Which may account for the inadequacies of the script, and the needless mistakes above.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|WOW is the first word that came to mind when I listened to this album! If you liked the first album &quot;mer de noms&quot; you will love this one. Even if you were not a fan of the first album this one is definately worth buying. The new bad seems to have forged a bond even stronger and more talented than before. The harmony of sound is phenominal. I cannot wait to hear it live.. the evolution continues.
B0000B3FCX|5.0|This CD is one of the best I have listened to in awhile.  Nickelback is so great because they get right down to it.  They don't beat around the busy, they tell you straight up the truth and they are not afraid of it.  This is what makes them a very unique band in everything they do.  If you haven't ever listened to Nickelback or you don't like them, I would suggest buying this album anyway.  You will change your mind.
0440237688|5.0|In less than two hundred pages, Lois Lowry's, The Giver, presents a chilling view of a future world whose citizens are lulled into the belief that a perfect world can be had with a happy pill. Order and success are the goals of the community that has accepted the philosophy for generations. In Lowry's world, everyone has a place and a function, and all lack the capacity to love, feel, or know pain. The perfect world is without color, shades of gray; all enjoy a sublime sameness. This is an exceptional book. Also recommended: THE LOSERS CLUB by Richard Perez
B0000C8AVR|5.0|Anyone who has been an audiophile and a Dylan fan has suffered over<BR>the years. Our hearts have surely been broken from the terrible<BR>quality of the CDs, none more so than from H61. With only the DCC<BR>gold-disk 'remastering' of this classic album to fall back on (which<BR>was a little better then the standard issue, but with everything still lurking <BR>under a layer of grime) many of us have had only<BR>memories of the energy and vitriol we used to inhale from the<BR>vinyl. No more. Someone at Sony actually cares. Admittedly we've had<BR>to wait a long time, but there can be no doubt that digital is finally<BR>coming of age. I have no SACD player, but on my Musical Fidelity X-ray<BR>CD player, this remastered CD is wonderful. Dylan's voice is up close,<BR>spitting the lyrics out with venom, with individual instruments<BR>resolved and detailed.  For those of you who remember from the vinyl<BR>how Bob's harmonica used to penetrate, how you used to actually enjoy<BR>the air-(ear!)-splitting wail towards the end of Desolation Row<BR>... well, it's back! What a relief!
0316666343|5.0|I can't stress enough how well-written this book is. Alice Sebold seems to leave out unnecessarily graphic or gory details while still describing the unthinkable nature of the murder. So few words, yet more than adequate. Instead, she thoroughly and beautifully describes how Susie perceives her heaven and how bittersweet her view of the living seems to be. From Susie's first love to her mother's eyes, Sebold paints quite a beautiful picture. And THE LOVELY BONES is truly a must-read. I now understand why so many before me have given the book rave reviews. A truly remarkable tale, this book is among the best novels I've read in a very long time. <br />Also recommended: THE LOSERS' CLUB by Richard Perez
B000021XS0|5.0|Wow. That's all I said after the final chord played off of this magical album. But, of course, this review's not about me, now is it? This is about a young woman named Victoria Page(Fatal Tragedy), who mysteriously died in a freak suicide/homocide (Beyond This Life.) As the story begins to unfold, her innocent death is revealed to a quite different twist. Wow. Doesn't that sound, well, amazing? BUT I HAVEN'T EVEN GOTTEN TO THE BEST PART! The music! HOLY COW! Never in my entire life have I heard such amazing instrumentation before! Petrucci's amazing \\"Meedlymeedly's\\" and Myung's \\"Bowbeebahbowboweee's\\" and... jeez, if I could find a word to describe it, I would. This album is easily the greatest work in Prog-Rock since, well, Change of Seasons.
0671027387|5.0|In the end, the deceiver is the person you would most likely least suspect, and the climax is a nail-biter of massive proportions. While DECEPTION POINT does start off a bit slow, it is worth reading for the thrilling goose-chase/climax, as well as the overabundance of fact and scientific theory. Another winner from this talented author! Also recommended: THE LOSERS' CLUB by Richard Perez
B00005UEAR|4.0|Well well well, I must say this album is a must. A great album by THE greatest band ever (John Petrucci is SO underrated!). But, the only reason I did not give an entire five-star rating is, well, Rudess I think had a little too much fun during 6DOIT. It sounded like one big 42 minute MIDI, if you ask me. But, Glass Prison (fom disk 1) was an absolute masterpiece. But, 6DOIT was all-in-all a good song... although James LaBrie could do a better mad scientist impression... \\"We have the tools to fix him!\\"
B00005OMTT|4.0|look at the name, and you can see why I picked up LSD. To my suprise, it turned out to be great trip music, as well as great bedroom music. An excellent selection to those new to the enigma experience,or for those who have always hated them, as I did.
B00005QJDG|5.0|Now, I know what you're thinking. \\"AAA! Three CDs? How am I going to pay attention?\\" Well, don't worry. If your attention is not captivated by this absolutely amazing display of talent from the four most talented muscians on the planet (Mike Portnoy, John Perucci, John Myung, Jordan Rudess), then some one better check to see if you're actully dead... or just intoxicated. This is probably the most amazing live performance in the history of Prog-Rock. See, to realize this, you need to consider what you're looking at: An entire studio album played with absolute flawlessnes (including an AMAZING solo section with John Petrucci and Theresa). Acid Rain, one of the most amazing LTE songs... LIVE! HOLY COW! Doesn't that sound just awesome? But wait! There's still more! On the third disk, there are three live performances, including the eleven minute Learning to Live, and the 25 freakin' minute masterpiece A Change of Seasons! WOW! Golly gee, Ma! Can I have some money to go buy Dream Theater's Live Scenes From New York Box Set? Why, sure! In fact, buy me one too! *chuckles sophisticatedly* Well, I have an idea... SUPPORT DREAM THEATER, AND BUY THIS ALBUM!
B000067DNC|5.0|This is not really about the box, since I simply rate it great. The problem is that if I find I title, I would like also to see immediately if there is also a version for my own language (Italian). It is very hard in Amazon to find the right language for DVDs. It looks like language is a secondary option. It is not! Amazon should add a list of all the vailable language version of each title.
0385491026|5.0|Being male, I found that reading this book along with my female friend helped me to appreciate it more than I would have on my own. She commented, several times, that &quot;language and observation make this book a sustained poem&quot; and I agreed. Her perspective was needed and appreciated. It is definitely a book ABOUT women and FOR women, but us dudes can get something out of it too... because it is brilliantly written.<br />It is not only an &quot;Atwood&quot; but one of the better &quot;Atwoods&quot;!<br />The author has stated that Cat's Eye is &quot;about how girlhood traumas continue into adult life&quot; and that is it in a nutshell.<br />When the painter Elaine Risley returns to Toronto for a retrospective of her work, she is confronted with the memories of her childhood... mysteries to unravel, others to tie up and lay to rest. Elaine the child, had a temperament that allowed other girls to belittle and dominate her.<br />In a word, she was bullied.<br />And no one bullied her as much as Cordelia did.<br />When Elaine is brought back to the geography of her past, she finds that she has to come to terms with her feelings about Cordelia... this retrospective of her WORK turns into a retrospective of her LIFE.<br />Through flashbacks galore, and in writing that is spare and bleeding with cut-wrist exposure, Atwood leaves no part of Elaine's wounds unsalted.<br />Here is a question that I think the thoughtful reader will be asked to ponder:<br />Does &quot;closure&quot; mean annihilation/renunciation of memory, or acceptance/reconciliation of memory?<br />Or as my friend and I put it: Does Elaine still have her Cat's Eye with her when she returns to Vancouver?<br />This is not a plot-driven, but a personality or character driven book. Those who think that sound-bites on T.V. are too lengthy should probably stay away from it.<br />Cat's Eye would be a great Book Club selection because of the discussion and opinion that it is sure to stimulate. I'm going to rate it closer to five stars than four.stars than four.
B00008OLYN|2.0|Being a fan of the previous work of Opeth (Still Life is my absolute favourite), I was extremely excited to learn that they were going to make an album in the good 70's progressive style. Actually, I expected it would either be like Camel or like Porcupine Tree. But the result is none of them. Unfortunately... What we have here is just a pack of uninspired demos of songs. No distorsion, but that's not the problem, and even almost no acoustic guitar, which is very surprising. Everything is played with a clean electric guitar. The songs are too long and repetitive, you barely have more than 2 or 3 ideas within a track. The orchestration is poor and inconsistent, it feels like a guitarist composed some songs and asked some musicians to record them in one day.<BR>The production is also awful : it is very clean and the volume is loud. But the whole sound is so poor that it makes it sound very empty and vain. The epic side of Opeth is gone, and where they could have installed an intimate ambient, they just fail miserably. This album really worries me a lot about the next direction of Opeth, because i have the impression that their compositional skills maybe are actually over-rated. Out of their traditional opposition light/dark, distorsion/acoustic, they are completely unable to create any mood or any good song. You see in this album that they tried to make short, compact songs, but it's definitevly not their cup of tea. It's all the more disappointing as Steven Wilson got much involved on this album.<BR>Actually, though i am a huge Porcupine Tree fan, i think Opeth should part from Wilson's way. Since their collaboration, they have abandonned completely their northern &quot;folk&quot; feeling in the acoustic tracks. It's a shame that Katatonia are still considered as Opeth'&quot;little children&quot;, yet their last album &quot;Viva Emptiness&quot; shows masterfully that their talent is much more extended than Opeth.<BR>Making intricate riffs and unusual chords are not the only way to make a good song. Actually, it's obvious that the band didn't get much involved on this album. Mikael has always repeated in interviews that they made it in a rush. Only a few songs were ready when they came in the studio, they made the others within a week.<BR>Stay away from this boring and impersonal stuff, which has nothing to do with prog and has some of the weakest keyboards sounds that i have ever heard.<BR>Save money for &quot;Viva Emptiness&quot; by katatonia or &quot;The Painter's Palette&quot; of Ephel Duath !
B000002UVX|5.0|after reading the reviews on bog live at fillmore east let me drop my two cents most black people i know love this album above all the others and i do too, jimi rexploring his r&amp;b roots . as miles davis said this was his favorite album by hendrix, he thought the other albums were too white - sounding and country,and that's why most black people couldn't get into hendrix he had a white auidence and were dirty hippies( call me a racist at least i told the truth unlike you lying politically correct whites who hate the album because he had two black sideman playing on it and won't say it). i never liked noel redding he couldn't hold billy cox's jockstrap as a bassist and he is funky and grooving on this double set and the others who didn't like buddy miles singing i thought his singing was soulful and his drumming rock -solid 4 to the floor grooves this is one of the first funk albums and one of the greatest live shows ever as said by that bible of pop culture rolling stone in 1987 all you kiddies get this cd and vibe to the greatest guitar player ever.
B000005RFQ|4.0|here goes dio, his dragons, demons kings and queens; enter Ian Gillan and the result is a more &quot;down to earth&quot; Black Sabbath. topics on that album are thus, more varied: booze, women, satanism, fantasy, women again, social outcasts,... it's like Sabbath doesnt know anymore what audiences they're addressing. fortunately, the &quot;sandwiches&quot; they serve us on this album are brilliantly done, which saves the band's credibility: you'll be glad the awesome riffs are still there, while the sound is even heavier than before.<br />musically, this album is closer to the Ozzy era than Dio's and since i find ozzy's voice better than gillan's...  3.5 stars and a worthy sabbath recording. you'll know where to start now: not here.
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|Agreeing with every other reviewer, this album is as outstanding as the last one.  In answer to a former reviewer who didn't understand &quot;The Nurse Who Loved Me,&quot; the song is a not-very-good cover of an outstanding song by the band Failure (whose album &quot;Fantastic Planet&quot; is highly recommended).  In closing, just get this album.  You'll love it.
B0000AR8NK|5.0|If nothing else, David Bowie is still one of the greatest \\"classic rockers\\" recording new material.  Better still, he continues to experiment and challenge the established genres, and by doing so he truly defies categorization. Shades of the Heroes-era Bowie resonate throughout, but lyrically, the album is uplifting and even at times hopeful, always rhythmic and melodious; the result is a more mature and enjoyable Bowie.<br />'Pablo Picasso' is wry, ironic, and catchy; echoes of danceable  punk and a Fame-esque beat make the song a standout.<br />Similarly, 'Bring Me the Disco King'--the closing track--is a blend of lamentation, gentle drums and piano, and the feel that one is listening to an old crooner belting a well-worn tune in a smoke-filled lounge. The cover of George Harrison's 'Try Some, Buy Some' is a worthy tribute to the legend, and while this doesn't necessarily sound like it would belong on \\"Spirits in the Material World,\\" it sounds unquestionably like an original Bowie tune.<br />\\"Reality\\" is a standout album, enjoyable on all levels--lyrical, musical aesthetic-- and it reminds us all that David Bowie still has a few musical surprises left in him.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|While it may not seem as &quot;heavy&quot; as Mer de Noms, Thirteenth Step is a beautiful piece of work.  Maynard has quite possible the most beautiful voice I have ever heard.  This is a definate must buy for anyone that apreaciates beautiful and though-provoking music.
B0000029GA|4.0|only ten tracks!!!! how can it be a classic if its only a half-assed attempt? his next best album was stillmatic when jay brought the battle to nas. nas should send a check to jay-z for publicity gratuity after basically promoting the one-sided battle which jigga won (SUPERUGLY) hilarious.
B000065U1N|4.0|This is a film that, at first glance, seems a straightforward account (a very docu-like account) of a battle most forgot.  On closer inspection, however, it is also a subtle indictment of war in general.  Ridley Scott shows us--rather than tell us--the horror and uselessness of war without downplaying or patronizing the heroic actions of the men who fight wars (big difference between the men--and women--who fight them and those that start them).  It is a horrifying, grim, engrossing account of something that is too often romanticized in films.There wouldn't appear to be much room for character development, but it is done, if only to a minimal degree.  We actually care about these men, not because they are American, or because we pity their situation, but because we grow to like them and want them to survive.  Hartnett, one of only a few twenty-something actors/actresses who ISN'T playing teenagers in crap that patronizes teenagers (Kirsten Dunst and Scarlett Johannsen are two others), is great in the \\"lead\\", if you can call it that, since no one seems to be the main character.  Eric Bana (also good in \\"Chopper\\"), in a breakout role, is also very good, especially in the scene where he explains politics as relating to war.  The film is depressing, and there's nothing wrong with that, because most films that illuminate the troubles in society are depressing (which says more about the society than about the art that comes from it).  But, if you're looking for something which reaffirms your belief in the overall good of humanity or something, don't look here.  Go see \\"Pay it Forward\\" instead.
0440237688|4.0|This book gave me an new view about the idea of Utopia. Jonas a 12 year-old boy who lives in a Utopia-like world. Everything is the same. There are no colors just different shades of gray. There are no injuries, and the people know nothing of life and death. Jonas is chosen to become the Receiver of Memories. He is trained by a man known as the Giver. As he is trained he begins to learn that his world isn't quite what it should be. He begins to understand just what everyone is missing.<br />As the year rolls on he decides that something must be done. He and the Giver hatch a plan to change their world. I definetly would suggest reading this book. It won the Newberry award and in my opinion is a good book. I give it 4 stars...
B000002H72|5.0|this album is byfar one of the best albums by the pixies. it is fun to listen to and all the song are great. i dont think that there is a song that i dont like. if you have never heard the pixies before this is a great album to break you in. my favorite tracks include mr. grievs and hey. i sugest getting this album and listening to it 13 hours a day for 3 an a half weeks. if you have any questions about the pixies contact via e-mail (bossavova23@hotmail.com
1878574590|3.0|The first sin city is a simple mainly to have something to show off the beautiful drawings. It was a bit over the top, but not as much as &quot;A Dame to Kill For.&quot; You can finish reading &quot;Sin City&quot; the original in about an hour or less, though it's more fun to page through the book for the illustrations where it is much stronger.
B0000C7PSW|2.0|It's never a good sign when a great artist starts blabbing to the press about his problems with drugs and sex.  It implies a lack of imagination and a lack of integration, personal material that has yet to be worked through, interrogated, and transformed.<br />Rufus's new album, on a first listen, is schizoid.  His introspection lacks complexity, pain, confusion -- it finds \\"redemption\\" all too easily, in ostentatious orchestrations and even, God forbid, a children's chorus.  Put simply: He is not Dealing.<br />The first album was sad and beautiful and idiosyncratic; the second, melancholy and lush and a bit more familiar, but not without considerable power.  This one starts arch (Oh What a World), where Poses ended (Cigarettes and Chocolate Milk).  But while Milk had a cheeky honesty about it, here Rufus is simultaneously taking his shallowness too seriously and not seriously enough.  World begins with the lyric \\"Thought that maybe we'd fall in love over the phone.\\"  We move then to Movies Of Myself, and in the song Pretty Things learn \\"so what if I like pretty things\\" (a rather lame defense of the misguided Wildean aesthetic Rufus has embraced in contrast to his early Joycean potential).  Soon we're into Vibrate which begins \\"My phone's on vibrate for you/Electroclash is karakoke to/I tried to dance to Britney Spears/I guess I'm getting on in years.\\"<br />But that's just a cheap rhyme; Rufus's problem is that he's not maturing, he's regressing.  He's embracing movies, phones, pop culture detritus, and he's escaping his anxiety of influence in a blowsy, pastel blur.  As this CD drags towards its tepid and vague conclusion, one looks at the CD cover with alarm: Rufus is portrayed holding a sword, wearing rather stylish armor.  But he's not going into war, he's fleeing the conflicts raging inside him; the phallic challenge the cover photo implies has been softened here.  More accurate would be if he were holding a glass of chocolate milk and smoking a cigarette.  Theirrelevance of Poses's framing song dominates all of Want One.
1563890119|4.0|And Neil Gaiman is given more praise than is healthy for most human beings.<br />Sandman Library Volume 1 reproduces the first 8 issues of the Sandman comic book, serialized in a total of 75 monthly issues. In the first seven, the author wrote what basically were horror stories. He found the voice for writing Sandman in issue 8 with the introduction of the Sandman's older sister, Death. This issue is so important (and an absolutely fabulous read) that it is also printed again in Sandman Library Volume 2.<br />I liken Sandman to Cowboy Bebop because it's a lot of fun if you know what the creator's roots and influences are. Gaiman references the world's literature, mythology, historical figures, and other comic books left and right all throughout the Sandman. Catching these things is fun, but not necessary to enjoying the story.<br />This isn't the best place to start reading the Sandman if you've never been exposed to it before. I would reccomend &quot;Death: The High Cost of Living&quot; as an introduction. This volume can be skipped in favor of the second and still have very little lost in the way of the main plot for the entire series.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|You may have heard the critics putting down this movie, well forget it. With exception of estableshed SciFi movies like the Star Trek movies ( which are based on the first two Star Trek series) and the Star Wars movies (the orginal, special edition release and episodes 1 and 2) all of which I think they are expected to speak well of because all of them are so famous and well loved by fans, it's hard to find a SciFi movie that the critics speak well of.Critics just don't get Scifi.<br />If you're a Scifi fan don't pay any attention to critics abd thier movie ratings, if you think what you've seen in previews and heard from friends who like Scifi, than see the movie!<br />OK, that being said Matrix Reloaded is a great movie several reason. First off, in the orginal Matrix you only got to see the main charactor's abilites at the end of the movie, in Matrix Reloaded he has them throughout the movie, you see more of the resistance fighters besides those on the one ship from the first matrix movie not to mention the city that was only refered to in the original movie.One critic stated that it's ony half a movie, a guess he's never heard of something called a cliffhanger. Not to mention that they came up with a believe way to challenge the main charactor's new abilites that it consistant with what kind of world that the story takes place in and believable reasons why the main charactor should doubt himself again, so there is some question in the storyline as to if he can lead the resistance to victory, so it's not like it will be a walk in the park for the resistance.Any other gripes the critics have with this movie is simply because Scifi is simply over thier heads<BR>and once again critics both refuse to believe Scifi movies are just as good as any other movie, and some critics never heard of a cliffhanger.
1563890410|5.0|...While the first volume was easily the weakest, right next to &quot;World's End.&quot; Still, any of these books are so much better than those Marvel superhero special FX fests you see in Hollywood movies. <br />The covers by Dave McKean are gorgeous, and if you're a sucker for worldly mythology, this is the book for you. It's a wonderful story that sets the tone for what's coming in the end of the Sandman. &quot;Death: at Death's Door&quot; is a cute retelling of this story from Death's point of view, which does not do it justice since it's much shorter, condensed and does not recreate the epic sense of mythology that the Sandman is.
B00008EY9G|1.0|Do NOT buy this film.  <br />The ending of this film questions the very reason why you bothered to pay good money and sit through the movie in the first place.  It leads you to question your own intelligence and purpose as a human being, for if this movie made 50 million dollars at the box office, everybody on this planet are certainly a bunch of wacknuts.<br />Save your money, and your dignity, let this film sink into obscurity - let it rest in peace, not in your dvd player.
1563898586|4.0|League is well illustrated, and the extra advertisements and the masthead with the old time style of writing definitely adds to the authentic feel it's trying to recreate. Narrative passages at the end of each issue (Watchmen style) help add another dimension to the story. <br />The idea of making a superhero team with the heroes from Victorian literature is very fresh. The plot twists a bit, but in the end, it's just that: a superhero story. But this is what Alan Moore is doing. He deconstructed superheroes in his seminal magnum opus, &quot;Watchmen,&quot; and now he's recreating them again with the entire line of &quot;America's Best Comics.&quot; On one hand, League is something truly unique and fresh, but on the other hand, it's still a comic that could have been published by Marvel.
B0000B3FCX|5.0|I have to say that I have seen Nickelback in the past live (they rock) and this album makes me want to head out and see them again.  Tracks like &quot;Feeling Way Too Damn Good&quot;,  &quot;Flat on the Floor&quot; &amp;  &quot;Someday&quot; show you the diversity this band possesses.  If you love the new mainstream rock and are looking for something fresh to add to your collection this is the choice you should make.
B000066NW0|3.0|I'm not a huge fan of Avril Lavigne's in-your-face-&quot;I'm a punk, screw that&quot;-image, but looking past her rambunctious, boisterous impression, she may be an artist that could potentially have a promising career.  However I am quick to state that she will have to undergo a tremendous growth both musically and as a person to achieve that.<BR>Her lyrics of Let Go are at times childish and teen-popish, but you do get the general message that she is trying to deliver to her audience.  Much of it is something, if you are a teenager of a similar age (preferably a girl to understand), you can relate to and strikingly, she does seem to capture the everyday thoughts and emotions of youths who are at the perplexing stage of becoming an adult.<BR>Avril is fortunate to have worked with a number of great song writers/producers to create some of her catchy - almost addictive - tunes, but if she is going to continue her self-assertion that she is a \\"singer-songwriter\\", she will need to prove that the material that is being put in the music stores truly is her work.  I don't know how much of the songwriting she contributes to, if any at all (although the level of maturity, or lack thereof in her lyrics - not to insult her, but seems to suggest that at least the lyrics may have been written by Avril at age 16).  With the following singles and upcoming album releases, to meet expectations, Avril should have had a significant share in writing the music in order to gain credibility with her audience.<BR>Avril has clear vocals and enough range that she does not sound like Britney Spears in one of her squeaking, erotic songs; however, improvements in her singing abilities would not hurt.<BR>Overall, I would assess Avril Lavigne to be a good singer in a crowd of mediocre artists.  She does not stand out alone and amaze people with electrifying talent, but she is not necessarily an artist that seems to be fading in the backgrounds, although mostly thanks to her perpetual skater-girlimage that she keeps shoving down our throats.  The challenge she faces is if once she forsakes her image (hopefully she does), whether her \\"potential\\" talent could uplift her and reveal a great artist, or only prove that she is after all a teenage girl who was lucky to be in the right place at the right time to have \\"a sip of coffee\\" and a temporary shot a stardom.<BR>Just one last personal opinion: Avril, please make an effort to play the guitar, or at least admit that you have no idea how to play it.  If not, unfortunately, your middle name may not be \\"punk-skater-girl\\", but instead, \\"hypocrite\\".  That's that.
B0000B3FCX|4.0|I was so excited to purchase the latest Nickelback.  <BR>Chad Kroeger has the most amazing voice, and the band is awesome.  At first, I was disappointed with the Cd. It was not what I initially had expected.  I listened to the Cd again today, deciding to give it another chance.  In doing so, I have upped my rating to 4 stars instead of 3.  It doesn't do the Cd any justice to just say \\"it's okay,\\" so I'll break down a rating for each song.<BR>1- Flat on the Floor 3.5/5<BR>It's definately not a favorite of mine, but it has a catchy beat.  Those who like a heavier sound will like this track.<br />2- Do This Anymore 5/5<BR>I love this song, and it is definately one of my favorites on the CD.  Extremely catchy, with great lyrics.<br />3- Someday 5/5<BR>This is presently my favorite song on the cd; however, I am sure the radio will soon cause me to tire of it.  Great track.<br />4- Believe It or Not 3.5/5<BR>I don't really know what to say about this song.  It had the potential to be one of the best on the album, had Chad Kroeger not completely butchered the English language (everyone have, everyone keep, everyone believe, I think you get the picture).  Very catchy tune, but this song is one of the reasons I tuned out so quickly listening to the cd the first time around.  I am still disappointed that it is so grammatically incorrect, but the beat makes up for it.<br />5- Feelin Way Too Damn Good 5/5<BR>This song is definately one of my favorites on the album.  Great lyrics, very catchy.<br />6- Because of You 4/5<BR>This is one of the harder tracks on the cd, but i do like this one.  It gets a little repetitive at times, but still a good track.<br />7- Figured You Out 4.5/5<BR>This would be one of my favorites, but I don't really like the muffled voice in the background that repeats \\"Now I did, you wonder why\\" throughout the song.  Still a great song.<br />8- Should've Listened 4.5/5<BR>Great song, one of the slowest on the cd.  The only problem is that it never really picks up the pace, and it seems more like a story than a song.  It needs a better chorus.  I still love it, though.<br />9- Throw Yourself Away 3.5/5<BR>Pretty good sound, but nothing really stands out to me.  Still worth listening to.<br />10- Another Hole in the Head 3.5/5<BR>I like this song because the vibe is different from the others, but there is nothing really special about the words (Too much of a cliche).  I probably wouldn't skip over it while going through the cd, but it's not a favorite of mine.<br />11- See You at the Show 4/5<BR>I like it because it has a slower beat, and Chad does a great job telling what it's like at the show.  I don't know if anything stands out about this one, though.<br />Bonus- Saturday Night's Alright (For Fighting) 4/5<BR>Pretty decent, catchy beat.<br />Bonus- Yanking out My... 4/5<BR>It's okay, but I haven't really given it a chance yet.<br />Bonus- Learn the Hard Way 5/5<BR>Definately one of my favorite tracks on the cd.  Great tune.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|This is an excellent CD, the music is absolutely wonderful! I know from reading the reviews that most people complain about the length of this CD,and yes, I will admit that the songs are on the slightly short side, but if you enjoy the music, just place the CD player on Repeat All! When I get a CD, I look at the actual music, not the length or the cover. So if you just sit back in a quiet room, close your eyes and relax to this CD, and enjoy the music that's there, I promise you will not be dissapionted. If you like dramatic, almost sad music, numbers 1, 7, and 13 are for you. If you like excitng, fast paced songs, listen to numbers 1, 2, 4, 5, 7,14, and 15 first. If you like this kind of music in general, then just take your pick!
0385504209|5.0|This book was extraordinary. There. All my thoughts in four words. I recommend that it is, along with the current book &quot;West Point&quot; by Norman Thomas Remick, one of the most extraordinary books ever written. Everyone should read it.
0380002930|4.0|Great Story! I totally think about animals (rabbits) differently after reading this. WaterShip Down tells a mind-blowing journey of exile rabbits. It wasn't long before I realized that the rabbits were supposed to symbolize the Pilgrims in coming to and colonizing America. The author, Richard Adams, does an excellent job of showing this connection. At many times in reading this book, I forgot that I was reading about rabbits! The author lets you know about each rabbit specifically, and makes you feel like you know everything about their culture. There was an intricate balance of adventure, danger, and heroism, but it is never too melancholy. The only thing I could think of adding, would be a little bit of humor. This would be a great book for anyone wanting a challenging read, but keeps everyone on their toes.
B00005JKDR|5.0|My boyfriend and I walked into the theatre on opening night to find an alarming amount of couples and groups in their late teens/early twenties. I guess I thought a group of 16 year olds would think themselves to be \\"too adult\\" to walk into a children's movie.<br />And a children's movie it was, too. Disney movies are usually laced with sexual overtones and other adult themes. Monsters, Inc pleasantly surprised me with its lack of such things. It was wholesome and honest and touched a heartstring way down deep, as almost all Disney movies tend to do.<br />Monsters, Inc features the voices of John Goodman and Billy Crystal as James P. Sullivan (Sulley) and Mike Wazowski, two fun loving monsters. They're best friends and work together as partners at the local energy company, Monsters, Inc. An odd sort of energy company, it collects screams from human children to generate power. Human children are known to be deadly to the touch and scream collectors at Monsters, Inc are some of the bravest creatures in the land.<br />Of course, what's a movie without a bad guy? Steve Buscemi plays Randall, a chameleon sort of creature who is the Number 2 scream collector (below Sulley, of course) at Monsters, Inc. Greedy and conniving, Randall will do almost anything to gain #1 status, even if it means harming an innocent child.<br />As seen in the previews, a human child does get through the doors at Monsters, Inc despite all the precautions. Sulley and Mike find out they're not lethal after all and frightening them to collect their screams is not the best way to solve the energy shortage.<br />The child, who Sulley dubs \\"Boo\\" is just about the most adorable rendition of a child I've ever seen in animation. Her voice is done by a real little girl, Mary Gibbs which just adds to the realism. You'll find yourself giddy watching little Boo run all over the place, having fun being a kid while Sulley and Mike try to \\"cope\\" with their \\"problem\\" - having a \\"toxic\\" child on the loose.<br />Disney has hit the nail on the head this time and has finally perfected making a movie that children and adults will love to watch without sections going over the child's head. If you just want to sit down for 90 minutes and laugh, Monsters, Inc should be the first place you stop.
6305311463|1.0|This is the stupidest big budget movie ever made!
0345440900|5.0|Having never spent much time around infants in my entire life, when I brought home my own sweet baby boy, I had no confidence in my abilities or instincts.  Within three weeks we were completely perplexed and at our wits end with our screaming, gassy infant.  None of the many books I have on infant care were helping and I picked up a copy of this book out of desperation.  <br />I was VERY skeptical (both my husband and I were trained as scientists and have skeptical natures) but what I found in this book surprised me--it is down-to-earth, common sense stuff--stuff my instincts were telling me to do, but which I wasn't trusting!  This is NOT some kind of extremist regimen, but a way to add some structure to an infant's life.  We ALL need A LITTLE BIT of structure!  <br />The section on interpreting your infant's body language is worth the purchase price!  I was feeding my son way too much and wasn't addressing the REAL reason he was crying--because I did not know how to interpret his signals.<br />Within 3 days I had a much happier child that is obviously in much less gas pain, thanks to Tracy Hogg.  No magic wand waved, just better daily management of his NEEDS.<br />I hope this helps you if you are considering this book.  I would recommend it above all others especially for first timers who haven't spent much time around infants or children!
0451191153|4.0|I loved this book and admired Ayn Rand's philosophy.  As a novel, however, it is about as subtle as a jackhammer.  Pulp philosophy, but unforgettable nonetheless.
B00005JKZV|2.0|What a disappointment. It amazes me that so many people thought this movie was wonderful. The only reason I gave this 2 stars was due to the incredible sets and graphics involved in recreating Tolkien's world. But it ends there. I was bored through the entire movie, they played this sappy music over and over trying to create heart-felt moments until at some point, you just stop caring. The director didn't understand the concept of building to emotional or action climaxes.<br />Now I've always been a big Tolkien fan since I started reading, yet I'm not against changing the story when it's moved to film because it's necessary in order to cram that much content into a shorted period. However, the changes made baffled me. For instance, The men of Gondor run into Frodo and Sam and decide to take him back instead of allowing him to continue on his mission, just to change their mind later. This doesn't change the story to shorten it; what it does is alter a character for the worst. This was Borimeir's brother, the original point was that he was different and passed the test of the ring (not give into temtation) which gives you an idea of the strength of character for the last movie. Instead, they made him the same as any other mortal.<br />Then what happened to the forest attacking the Oruik High at Helms deep, I don't see any other way of defeating 10,000 brutal monsters. Or the Ents deciding to stay out of the war, just so they could waste more screen time while two hobbits trick Tree beard into seeing the destruction. How is it that all the Ents showed up 2 seconds later for the attack? I have to end this because I could talk all day about how this movie sucked.
B000002UAX|5.0|I recently bought this fine pair. And I'm still thinking it is the best recording of the fab four. I like the second CD in a special way. For example, I couldn't hear the complete Revolution 9 of the vinyl version. Now the magic of the remastered sound still makes me trembling as before. I thimk the rockers after this are in debt with The Beatles. Just listen &quot;Yer blues&quot; and &quot;Helter skelter&quot;. Paul proved he got the higher sounding voice of the quartet. Ah, one thing of my own. This album should have had the &quot;Revolution&quot; version of the &quot;Hey Jude&quot; B-side. Don't forget the first CD with music for all people, from children to parents. Ah, the music is a fine work of good composers. Recommended. Listen to it, especially if you're teens because few actual groups can compare to Beatles. I am teacher of music in pre-school level in Lima Peru and I use to play this music in the classroom as assorted helpful.
6301599411|2.0|Ah!  here we go again, lol now if Daniken's work is flawed, which it is in part, then so is Jonathan's lame view of the evolutionary man and the created godly men lmao!  For one, you can find evidence of alien intervention, see the dogons and other similar communities of their stature, they have already shown that they understood the alignment of the stars positions, this has been confirmed by top astronomers who are still trying to find an alternative answer to this.  They spoke of amphibious beings who came from what american scientist calls the sirius system, the dogons have a complete understanding of these celestial bodies they even gave an accurate account of the sirious a b c density.  Which has now been discovered by american scientist who refuted the existence of sirius c.  There are quite a few artifacts from different so called cultures in Africa that supports the intervention of outerspace beings, but this does not take away from any basic knowlege or learned behavior of the developing human beings, from what these seemingly different but yet the same culture groups said, was that these alien beings taught them a great deal about geometric for earth advancement as well as to understand how the universe is formed.  So i would not laugh too hard at this presentation although it is poorly explained and put together.
B0000C7PRY|5.0|THE LYRICS<BR>First things first. This is Neal's life story. It's autiobiographical, which places a proper context to songs that might otherwise really repel certain listeners who can't stand the integration of Christian faith and music. This is not a sermon. It's an open heart. Listen with an open mind.<br />THE MUSIC<BR>Stunning. Stirring. Edgy. Emotive. An absolute materpiece. I am ashamed to admit I cried when I heard I Am Willing. It's that good. This is a work in a class by itself that offers something fresh yet familiar  for the veteran prog fans, as well as a incredible journey for those still new to the joys of Spock's Beard, Transatlantic, etc. I can't fathom how someone can't fall in love with this recording that's unlike anything I've ever heard in my absurdly large collection. Orchestral sections. Slamming synth solos. Fantastic guitar work. And Dream Theater's Mike Portnoy provides some of the tastiest drum work of his career, with a mix that puts him a little less as a lead instrument and more appropriately a powerhouse ensemble member.  The mix is perfect. Even the artwork for the booklet is first rate. Run, don't walk to get these tunes in your head.<br />If you like prog, or an honest look at the deeper meaning of life. Get it. If you're a Spocks Beard, Dream Theater, Porcupine Tree, Marillion, FlowerKings,  Kansas or Echolyn fan, BUY IT! If you're just curious about the hype, GET IT! You will not be sorry. You will be touched.
B0000AR8NK|4.0|After 40 years of making music, hey! You still get excellent quality, intelligence, energy and soaring emotions from the Man. I followed him religiously from the Ziggy times, he has been my generation's idol, I have grown up and older with him.<br />I don't expect Heroes or Ziggy - again - from him, I just drown in what he has to offer and listen with an open mind. Reality is no exception.
B0000640SA|5.0|The film focuses on a man named Leonard Shelby ( Guy Pierce). He is obsessed with finding his wife's killer. On the night his wife was killed, he gets his head knocked while attempting to save her. This causes him to develop a condition. Leonard can only remember everything that happened up until the night of his wife's murder. He cannot make new memories, and forgets everything five minutes after it happens. This forces him to live a life based on a endless supply of notes, poloroids, and tatoos that he puts all over his body. We are introduced to the two main people in his life - Teddy ( Joe Pantoliano) and Natalie ( Carrie Ann Moss). Both claim to be a friend to him, but things are not as they seem. Both Teddy and Natalie have personal reasons behind wanting to help Leonard. Now Leonard must not only track down his wife's killer and deal with his condition, but he must also determine who's friend, and who's foe. <br />I am a sucker for a good mystery, and &quot;Memento&quot; is the most original and well executed mystery film that I have ever seen. The story is suspenseful and extremely complex. I love how Christopher Nolan had the film unfold in reverse. You come to feel very frustrated over the course of the film. However, that is also why the story is brilliant. You find yourself starting to feel exactly how Leonard does. This actually involves you in the film personally, and makes you sympathize for Leonard overall. The film's focus keeps switching back and forth between Leonard's search for the killer, and flashbacks into Leonard's prior life as an insurance investigator and his big case with a man named Sammy Jenkis ( Stephen Tobolowsky). I loved this aspect of the film, because Sammy suffers from the same condition as Leonard's. &quot;Memento&quot; is also guaranteed to keep you guessing. The film continually dangles clues in front of you. But since the story is told in reverse, what you are seeing, may not be what it seems! The film could not have succeeded without the performances given from the sctors. Guy Pierce's portrayal of Leonard is one of the best that I have ever seen. It is so realistic, and so convincing, that you come to believe that Guy Pearce actually went through the same thing himself. The fact that he made such a difficult role look so easy, still amazes me to this day. Joe Pantoliano and Carrie Ann Moss are also great. Their performances add to the film's suspense, because you never know what to believe. <br />Christopher Nolan's &quot;Memento&quot; is amazing. The film has great acting, a nice script, an intense, complex story, and an outstanding ending. The limited edition DVD only adds to the already flawless film. This 2 disc limited edition DVD is great because there are mindbenders and challenges you have to go through to get to the film. That brings the meaning of the word &quot;interactive&quot; to a whole new level! The special features include a Sundance Channel Documentary, the original short story By Jonathan Nolan, and much more.
B00009Y2K9|4.0|it is a really beautifull album. The mix between Bebo &amp; Cigala is astonishing. I really never thought that this could have happened but they gave it to us. It is beautifull and it is not for a special reason except for the matter that this repertoire of romantic latin american music is sang by a Flamenco singer who puts all his energy to acomplish this level of excellence and the piano of Bebo as always is played by the hand of God through out him. If you love latin american music try it, you will be enchanted.
B00005JKG9|5.0|Glengarry Glen Ross takes us into the world of real estate sales. Premiere Properties is going through some tough times. Veteran sellers Shelly \\"The Machine\\" Levene ( Jack Lemmon), Dave Moss ( Ed Harris), and George Aaronow ( Alan Arkin) are all in a big time slump. The only one who seems to be on a hot streak is Ricky Roma ( Al Pacino). To make matters worse, the heads of the company send down an executive motivator ( Alec Baldwin) to initiate a sales contest. The winner gets to keep their job, and the ones that fail to meet their quota, are fired. Office manager John Williamson ( Kevin Spacey)could help the sellers out by offering the new \\"Glengarry Leads\\", which point to legit clients wanting to buy. The problem is that, the leads are being held back, until they can all prove themselves. Unfortunately, someone decides to take matters into their own hands, and steal the leads. Now these men are forced to try and keep their jobs, as well as prove their innocence. <br />This film succeeds on so many levels. The multi - layered story, is a beautiful combination of mystery, and a realistic look into the selling world. The film portrays all of the pressure that one feels when having to meet a sales quota. The quotes given in this film are especially realistic when dealing with sales. \\"Live by the ABC's. Always Be Closing!\\" Anyone in sales will especially love this film, because of how accurate it is. The mystery of who stole the leads, is impossible to solve. All three men seem guilty and have reasons why they would want to steal. <br />The cast is what brought the story to life. All of them are equally brilliant, and bring something to the story. Al Pacino plays the hotshot Ricky Roma. Roma is a treat to watch because of how good he is at closing a deal. Jack Lemmon plays Shelly \\"The Machine\\" Levene. Levene used to be the best seller in the business, and now he is getting by on memories of his past glory. He refuses to believe that he is no longer \\"The Machine\\". AlanArkin is great because of how naive he acts, and he refuses to accept the fact that they could be fired. Ed Harris is fantastic because he plays the \\"hot head\\" that blows up all the time and has a bad temper. Kevin Spacey is great because he plays the weasel of the story. He is the boss who is only out for himself, and feels no pity. Finally there is Alec Baldwin who makes a short but impressive cameo as Blake \\"The Motivator\\". The performance is explosive, charismatic, and he delivers some of the best lines of the film. <br />As good as the film is, the DVD is better. It is extremely low priced and offers outstanding extras. The best extra is the documentary entitled ABC ( Always Be Closing). It traces the psychological intersection of fictional and real life salesman. There is also a tribute to Jack Lemmon, new interviews with the cast, commentary from director James Foley, and a lot more. Do yourself a favor and pick this one up!
B0000AXE8I|5.0|A majority of those who saw The Matrix Reloaded have slammed it.  That makes me wonder if they even saw the movie.  People enjoy complaining about good things, and that will never change.  The Matrix Reloaded was a mind blowing movie, one of the best ever made.  Contrary to popular belief, there is a plot, and a good one with many elements attached.  If you don't think so, watch it again, this time with your eyes open.  <br />The action sequences are at a level never before seen in a film.  There are numerous complaints about the battle with Neo and the agent Smiths going on for too long.  Funny, people thought it was great when he fought one agent in the first movie, but they whine when he fights 100 of them in this one?  Hello?  That's 100 agents!  If anything, a battle of that intensity should have gone on LONGER!  Words cannot describe how amazing that fight was.<br />I do have a couple points of dissatisfaction.  I do agree that the rave in the cave/sex scene should have been cut.  In fact, it should never have been filmed.  And the speech Morpheus delivered could have been done better.  But these points are overshadowed by the rest of the movie in it's greatness.<br />Take a look at how far we've come.  Take a moment to appreciate the innovative technology that went into this.  If The Matrix Reloaded isn't up to your standards, I suggest you quit watching movies now.  It won't get any better than this.
B00003CXDB|5.0|Bud Fox ( Charlie Sheen)is a young broker who is intelligent, ambitious, and hard working. He has many ideas on how to make it big. The only problem is that he is stuck in a job that consists of cold calling investors over the phone. Wanting something more, he seeks out the highly successful financial wiz Gordon Gecko ( Michael Douglas). Gecko sees a younger version of himself with Bud, and takes him under his wing. However, the road to success, is not always paved with honesty. Bud is immediately lured by Gordon, into the world of corporate epsionage and insider trading. Bud starts to make more money than he ever dreamed was possible. But he soon learns that the pursuit of overnight riches comes at a price that is too high to pay. <br />Wall Street takes us into the world of the stock market and insider trading. It is definately Oliver Stone's best film, and one of the best that I have ever seen overall. No matter how many times you see this movie, it never gets boring, or seems any less amazing. Michael Douglas offers one of the most memorable lines of all time with &quot;Greed is good&quot;. This is the driving force for the film. This perhaps, is the film's best feature because the story is so authentic. Stone manages to fully capture all of the glory that Wall Street can bring, and the misery that it can cause. <br />Of course, you need talented actors to make it convincing. Michael Douglas gives the best role of his career as Gordon Gecko. In fact, he won an Academy Award for Best Actor for the role. It is that good. Gordon is a man that is ruled by greed, and is completely ruthless. That is why Charlie Sheen's portrayal of Bud Fox plays so well off of Douglas. Sheen is young, ambitious, and also extremely naive. He is the puppet, and Gecko is the puppeteer. Martin Sheen delivers an extremely solid role as Bud's father Carl. I loved the fact that Martin Sheen got the role, because only a real father could bring such a realistic portrayal of love. There are other great actors as well in this film, and they include Hal Halbrook, John C McGinley, Daryl Hannah, and Terrance Stamp. <br />Wall Street is a classic story dealing with ambition, greed, and betrayal. The story is extremely authentic, all of the acting is superb, and the suspense will keep you on the edge of your seat. The DVD extras are nice too. The making of documentary is great, and so is the commentary from Oliver Stone.
B00006ZCFH|5.0|Erykah Badu said on 106 and Park that she toured and then did the album.  Well that's certainly how this CD sounds.  The whole CD has a feel of being live.  Like you are right there at the concert.  I was lucky enough to go to a Badu concert early this year and she really knows how to entertain the crowd.  The Instruments you hear at the concert are some of the main things that make this CD well worth the buy.  Even though its an EP it's still enough music to keep you interested.  My favorite song so far is &quot;I Want You&quot;.  If you missed a chance or just couldn't see Badu in Concert this album is a showcase of the new direction she's taken with her music.  The style of Badu changes with each CD she releases.  You can always depend on Badu to release something new, fresh, soulful, and GREAT!!!  Keep doing it Badu!!
B00008RH3L|5.0|Miller's Crossing\\" is set during the Prohibition-era of the 1930's. Leo ( Albert Finney)in an Irish gangster that has control over of an Eastern city, with the help of his trusted advisor and lieutenant Tom ( Gabriel Byrne). The rival gang is lead by Caspar ( Jon Polito). He wants a bookie named Bernie Bernbaum (John Turturo) dead, because he feels that Bernie has been cheating him. However, Bernie is the brother of Leo's mistress Verna (Marcia Gay Harden), and Leo refuses to kill him. So Caspar and his ruthless henchman Eddie Dane ( J.E. Freeman)fight for control of the town. Just as the threat erupts, Tom reveals that he wants Verna as well, and him and Leo have a falling out. Tom is suddenly stuck in between the two mobs when Caspar tries to recruit him. Out of loyalty to Leo, Tom tries his best to keep the peace. Unfortunately, he finds himself in the middle of war of constant ambushes and double crosses, where allegiances are constantly shifting, and nothing is ever what it seems. <br />\\"Miller's Crossing\\" is without a doubt the Coen Brothers' best film, and one of the best gangster films that I have ever seen overall. The Coen Brothers manage to not only create a stunning, and graphic vision of gangsterism, but also a plot with tons of twists and turns as well. Just when you think you have it narrowed down to where Tom's loyalties lie, the story takes you someplace completely different. This makes the film original, because most mob films ONLY focus on power struggle and violence. While this film does have plenty of both, it also has elements of a great con artist film as well. This manages to keep you on the edge of your seat, and caught up in the story. The ending is absolutely outstanding. It is extremely satisfying and provides for an overall enjoyable experience. <br />However, I am not taking away from the gangster aspect of the film. The costume and set designs, along with the mafia nicknames, dialogue, and overall power struggle, perfectly re-creates the look and feel of the Prohibition-era and the underworld warfare that occured. Next were the performances from the actors. Albert Finney, Gabriel Byrne, Marcia Gay Harden, Jon Polito, and J.E. Freeman were all phenomenal in their roles. Each bring something important to the film, and are all unique in their personalities as well. One of the best all around performances from a cast I have ever seen. The musical score is absolutely beautiful. One of the most powerful and moving scores that I have ever heard. Lastly, Barry Sonnefield once again provides for stunning cinematography! <br />The Coen Brothers combined gangsterism with a twisting plot, and used a wonderful cast to bring the story to life. The cinematography, musical score, and stunning authenticity are all breathtaking. \\"Miller's Crossing\\" is a masterpiece that you will want to watch again and again. The good news is now the film is finally out on DVD. Not only do you get to see the film, but also the extras as well. There are interviews shown with all the main actors in the film, as well as a conversation with Barry Sonnefield. Pick this one up!!
156224003X|5.0|I just can't say enough good things about this book.  I've read this book way too many times to count.  Every time I'm in a musical &quot;funk&quot; I pull it out and read it again.  It has been the single most influential book on musical thought I've ever checked out.  I almost am ready to buy another copy as it's been practically destoyed as I've passed it around to friends and students (who then usually go out and buy the book for themselves...)!  It's now a required text for all of my students who study with me.<BR>   I'm not huge into meditation, but many people may find that aspect of the book very appealing.  Werner really hits home with his words in this book.  From composition to teaching to performing, there is something in it for everyone, not just jazz musicians.  Every time I read the book, it rekindles my love for performing.  <BR>   If you're ready to take your musical thought and playing to an entirely different level you have to check this book out.  Kenny's words are genuine and really will hit home with most everyone.
B0000AMRJC|5.0|In this remake of the 1932 film of the same name, we witness the rise of a small time Cuban refugee hoodlum, as he guns his way to the top of Miami's cocaine empire. Tony Montana's chase after the American Dream gave him wealth, power, and passion beyond his wildest dreams. But we are also witness to the man's downfall, as he becomes more and more addicted to drugs, and ruled by paranoia and jealousy. However, Tony Montana would go down as one of the most ruthless gangsters that ever lived, and be known to the world only as Scarface. <br />Al Pacino has made a lot of memorable films, but he has never acted with such intensity or ruthlessness as he did with Tony \\"Scarface\\" Montana. His performance alone is worth the price of the DVD. \\"Say hello to my little friend!\\" Michelle Pfeiffer looks great no matter what role she plays. She assumes the role of Pacino's love interest Elvira Hancock. The performance she gives is so great, because she was the first female lead in an film like Scarface, to ever talk back and not take anything from anyone. Her strong will actually challenges Tony, which brings out the best in the character. Steven Bauer was excellent as Tony's best friend and partner Manny. The friendship between him and Pacino is extremely well done, and it is great to watch them get to the top together. Bauer is also down right hillarious with his views on women. The funniest scene in the film is when he attempts to pick up a woman by wiggling his tongue at her, and then he gets slapped. \\"Lesbian!\\" Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Robert Loggia, and F Murray Abraham are all sensational in their roles as well. <br />But the film is not only great for the overall story and acting, but for the screenplay as well. The intense screenplay was written by Oliver Stone, and gives superb insights into Miami's latin lifestyle, as well as great dialogue to the characters, and tons of unforgettable firepower. The costume and set designs are spectacular. The musical score is haunting and drives the film. It is used especially well when you see Pacino's face. The score helps to intensify Pacino's character as a whole. Finally, the cinematography is outstanding in this film as well as the camera work. Each shot is used to perfection to capture every character reaction, and every aspect of violence. <br />The DVD is truly the only way to see the film for two reasons. For one thing the VHS version is 2 casettes, and nothing is worse than having to get up and change tapes when you are caught up in the story. The second is that the extras are outstanding. The original DVD release of Scarface was out of print for a long time, and now it is finally being re-released under the \\"Anniversary Edition\\". You get 85 minutes of behind the scenes footage, as well as 22 minutes worth of deleted scenes. The DVD is worth the money just for the film itself, but now you have an extra incentive to buy. Not many movies are a must own in my opinion, but this one definately is.
B0000BYM3K|4.0|I am not only a Maiden fan but a connoisseur of music, specifically the guitar, and I would like to provide a few observations about the sound on this disk. Maiden's signature sound has always been sharp, distorted yet crisp. However since the release of 'Brave New World', the Maiden sound has become muddy and unrefined. Dave Murray and Adrian Smith always used DiMarzio pickups, which I personally feel are the best non-active pickups, but I can tell they have switched to Seymour Duncans, which are very muddy and dull in comparison. I attribute this change to none other than the influence of Janick Gers. There is no question Janick is a talented songwriter, but he happens to be the WORST heavy metal guitarist I have ever heard. Now that Adrian is back, Maiden should fire Janick. After Adrian left in 1990, Janick was not able to duplicate a single one of his solos during a live concert; instead he butchered everything Adrian had ever done. I also cannot tell the difference between 2 and 3 guitarists on either this disc or the previous one. This is a good album with some catchy tunes, and I feel it is superior to BNW; however please fire Janick so the true Maiden can again resurface. In addition, please go back to using DiMarzio pickups and and trash the Duncans.<br />P.S. It would also help to fire Kevin Shirley and bring back Martin Birch as the producer.
0871137380|5.0|What if you had to defend your home from predators, foreign and local, everyday?  Well that's what the citizens of Mogadishu, Somalia had to do.  The book Black Hawk Down is about a Ranger/Delta mission gone awry in the city of Mogadishu.  It's a wartime genre novel based on an actual event.  The author, Mark Bowden, paid extremely close attention to detail during the urban warfare chapters.  I could actually picture the fights unfolding in my mind.  That's why I would give it a rating of 5 out of 5, if not more.
B000002NIW|5.0|1. My Own Summer (Shove It)-5/5<BR>2. Ihabia-4/5<BR>3. Mascara-3/5<BR>4. Around The Fur-4/5<BR>5. Rickets-4/5<BR>6. Be Quiet &amp; Drive (Far Away)-5/5<BR>7. Lotion-5/5<BR>8. Dai The Flu-3/5<BR>9. Headup-5/5<BR>10. MX-3/5<br />A few tracks didn't catch my attention, but nothing beats the energy of songs like &quot;My Own Summer&quot; and &quot;Headup&quot;. If you're a Deftones fan or an alt-metal fan, this is the album to get for sure.
B0000C7PRY|5.0|This is a truly incredible and personal insight into the mind and life journey of Neal Morse. With it we are treated to some of today's most progressive and technically astute musical writing.<br />It is artists and CD's like these that still give me hope that there are people out there that are still looking for, and still recording GREAT music and not just boring 2 minute pop fluff.<br />There are so many different themes and emotional moments on Testimony that I could not even start to list them here. However, I will say that if you appreciate and can identify with finding ones own spirituality along a path walked, then you will shed many tears while listening to this CD. Neal Morse is only one of a few artists that has EVER been able to bring so much emotion and feeling to a song that I have actually broken into full tears listening to it. This is not a bad thing mind you, but such a deep rooted emotional connection with music that words can not describe.<br />I recommend this CD to ANYONE who is looking for answers, looking for great music, or just into trying something new that will take you on a musical journey like no other.<br />A Masterpiece, truly.
0553212478|1.0|I knew little of the story when I picked up this book. In fact, I was one of those people who thought the monster's name was Frankenstein. Whoops... Anyways, I found that the narrative structure of the book to be distracting, the stereotypical characters annoying, and the monster actually coming alive (taking place in less than a paragraph) to be a let down.
B0000BYM3K|4.0|I thought this was a really good album by a   band that really knows what good music should sound like very talent group ROCK ON GUYS
B0000C7PSW|5.0|I was fortunate enough to see Rufus' first post-Poses concert in a little converted church in London, and I was blown away by the amount and depth of sound that this one musician could manufacture. It's that stripped-down, one man show kind of feeling that's missing from this album though. Certain tracks are a bit over-produced, with innumerable layers of voices and entire orchestras doing the backing. The brilliance of Wainwright's melodies is intact, but I actually found myself wishing for less. <BR>     I would say buy his first, self-titled album and work your way up to this. Love him for his craft first, unless you have a very short attention span, then you need to start with one of his catchier cds, this or Poses. I'm still giving this 5 stars though, as it bests nearly everything else released these days. And I forgive Rufus for his new sound, as everyone, from Beck to Radiohead, is getting larger and more ambitious. You won't regret buying this album!
B00005OM4N|4.0|I have to admit that Britney is truly an amazing talent her voice sound like a dove and her moves seem to be  out of Janet Jackson's playbook im not really a pop music fan but when comes to Britney I can't help but giving her credit she's prove's her self over and over to the people that don't know talent if it bit them on the a$$ and pluse she's like totally hot lol
B0000AMJED|5.0|Paul Walker, is again awesome in this film. However, I do have to say that I greatly missed Dom (V Diesel)...If you havent seen the first one, get them both and enjoy...The cars are awesome, the guys are hot, and the girls are beautiful. The one thing I did like better about this film is more American Muscle cars.
B000002LSV|5.0|ZZ Top is probobly one of the best groups of all time there music is the type that makes ya want to stand up and dance there will never be another quite like them they are another great legend in rock and this album has some of the most awesone song's they ever sang so pick it up if you want to hear perfection at it's best
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Once again, APC has created a masterpiece to hypnotise and enlighten us all. It hasn't come off of repeat since the day it went on sale!
6305882592|5.0|I first stumbeled upon this film back in 1987. I think one of the main reasons this film has such a devoted (if cult) following, is the fact that the message it delivers...living your life to the fullest, and embracing love no matter what kind of package it comes in...is rendered in such a quiet, wonderful way, you can't help but believe.<br />The movie introduces us to Harold. a quiet, if slightly odd young man, so desperate for the attention of his mother, that he stages various &quot;suicides&quot; on a regular basis, just to try and get a reaction from her. We soon learn that the one thing that actually makes Harold happy, is to attend funerals. Which is where, he ends up meeting Maude...a fellow funeral groupie. In contrast, Maude is a soon to be 80 yr old fireball of life and chaos, who counts 'barrowing' total strangers cars, and liberating canaries from pet stores, as hobbies.<br />This movie is at once incredibly funny (as morbid as it sounds...Harold's various &quot;suicides&quot; are carried out with incressingly funnier results), and terribly sad (one of the final sequences, revolving around Cat Steven's gorgeous song &quot;Trouble&quot;, is one of the most heartbreaking, and beautifully acted scenes you will ever see on film.).<br />Harold and Maude's relationship could have very easily come off as contrived, or forced, or just plain unbelivable. But the casting of Ruth Gordon and Bud Cort could not have been more perfect. They completely make these characters their own, and bring them to life in a way no one else would have been able to. And i also have to say that Colin Higgins script and especially the directing of Hal Asby are both top notch. Asby's subtle direction is wonderful, especially in the &quot;Trouble&quot; sequence mentioned above, where he lets Cort's facial expressions convey far more to the audience then any amount of dialogue ever could.
B00006BTCA|5.0|all I can say is IT'S ABOUT DAMN TIME.  I've been waiting for a group like this ever since 1997 happened (shudder).  Mogwai holds me over... until I have to listen to Joy Division.  With this group, I get BOTH.  AT LAST!!!  THIS BAND ROCKS !!!!!!
B00006YXEK|5.0|I am a Beatle-fan and specially a Harrison-Fan since I remember. Hear this record is a pleasure, it feels like George, personally finish all the songs, thank you Dhani, thank you Jeff, you have done a beautiful job. &quot;Any road&quot; and &quot;Beatween devil...&quot; are two of the best Harrisongs I've heard. This version is a little more expensive than the CD, but all the things it includes are worthy.<br />It's really good spend your money in stuff like this!
B00008PC2O|2.0|The only reason i bought the Extreme Version was for the option of spanish subtitles, even so the all new audio commentary of James Cameron is fantastic, the video and audio quality is slitty better that previous releases, the interactive mode gives you inside to a lot of info in text displayed with the movie, along with video segments and audio clips with still pictures every time the cyberdyne logo appears on screen, and you do have the option of selecting with ease viewing the special edition or theatrical version of the film...but that's all!!!<br />Disc 2 of this EXTREME version, to put in one simple word...is Junk!!! Only 2 documentaries, no trailers, no photo galleries, no storyboards, etc....what do you get instead? dvd-rom features which aren't appealing to the average viewer and the theatrical version of the film for windows media player...come on!!! who was the idiot who thought about this stupit idea, really what a waste of disc space!!! <br />The average dvd consumer wants to view their movies on their tv with a home theater system, not on a pc, and to enjoy of documentaries, trailers, video segments, deleted scenes, etc...that's worth buying for!!! The ULTIMATE version of Terminator 2 is the best dvd release, and if only Artisan had considered putting spanish subtitles in the first place, without a doubt i would have bought that one instead of this EXTREME bad version.
0553573403|5.0|If you are getting tired of reading the same old rehashed fantasy stories then don't worry any longer. Mr. Martin is on his way to creating one of the best fantasy series of our time. I find it hard to sleep when I lie in bed with these books, the story is so engrossing. The characters are so real, the story is not unbelievable(ie characters coming back from the dead because of some ridiculous magic spell). Although be warned, the book is not for the faint of heart, there are some pretty explicit scenes. If you can get past that then you will have stumbled upon an epic in the making. Do yourself a favor, and pick this book up, even if your not a die hard fantasy fan. It may make you change your mind.
0792839730|5.0|You can watch this movie a dozen times, you can read the book it was based on by Cornelius Ryan, and you will never catch everything.  The men, the plan, the failures, and the causes create more details than a simple man from rural Minnesota can do it justice.  I will try as best I can however to tell you why this is one of the must see movies for everyone.<br />Firstly, this movie is based on the book of the same name by Cornelius Ryan about the events of and leading up to Operation Market Garden in WWII.  We see from the hindsight of history the greatest military blunder for the allies in WWII in the European theatre.  In the end, the plan effectively murdered 80% of the British 1st division.  It took away much needed supplies away from American General George Patton whose tanks were stopped from their momentum across Europe, and it killed a lot of elite paratroopers needlessly.  <br />What makes this movie so good is that the directors did a fabulous job of bringing together all the elements of the battle into sequences that flow together well, and the directors were able to balance the hefty personalities that acted in this film.  The filmmakers also did their best to find working equipment for the film, and also built fiberglass models that are unnoticeable in the viewing of the movie.<br />The acting is superb, and I can't do it justice, with people like Sean Connery, Gene Hackman, and Ryan O'Neil, Robert Redford, all of who appear without a sense of Prima Donna-ness, it's remarkable.   <br />I can't say enough about the movie; it's wonderfully entertaining, as well as remarkably annoying as we see the stupidity of the politics of war.  This is a movie that belongs in everyone's library.
0739302043|5.0|This is a great book.  I was lucky enough to find the UNABRIDGED version of the Audio CD.<br />I won't go into details about the book.  What I will tell you is that it's written very well.  The characters are all realistic and so is the story.  Dan Brown has done his research and it completely comes through in the books.  Though some of the theories in the books are his own, I couldn't help but wonder what was fiction and what is real.<br />I listen to a lot of audio books because of my commute to work.  It you haven't tried it, try it, it helps the long drives.  It came to a point where after arriving at my destination, I would often sit in my car for an extra 10-15 minutes just to get to a part that I could pause the book for.<br />On the version I have, the book is broken down into many sections, so it's easy to go back to where you were, even if you take the CD out.  You won't have to &quot;SEEK&quot; to find your place.  The reader: Paul Michael, brought the whole book to life.  He has a great voice for reading, and changes his voice according to each different character, of which there were many.  However, listening to each character, all of them stand out from the way he uses his voice, even the female characters are done great.  The pace is also great, fast enough to keep you going, but slow enough to be able to take it all in.<br />If you are looking for the unabridged version of the book, simply do a search for &quot;The Da Vinci Code Unabridged.&quot;<br />Enjoy!
1400031354|4.0|I truly enjoyed the first of this series, The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency, and wondered if Alexander McCall Smith could live up to the promise of a great series. He has done that with ease, I think. This book is more of a mystery book than the first one, although still far from the classic mystery genre. It contains so much more than just crime solving. Precious Ramotswe's fiancee, J.L.B. Matekoni plays a much bigger role in this book, as does her secretary, and now-assistent detective, Mma Makutsi.<BR>The main mystery in this entry is the disappearance 10 years earlier of an American woman's son. There are a couple of secondary mysteries, but the main focus of the book is on the engagement of Precious and Mr. Matekoni, as well as two orphan children. <BR>I can't wait to read the third in the series.
0060934913|3.0|I loved the beginning of this book.  The blow by blow account of the authors crooked path to becoming a successful chef.  Once there the book bogs down in the minutia of kitchen life.
B000092ZYX|1.0|Naw, even a thief would trash this pathetic excuse for an album. As much as it pains me to do it, I must agree with all the negative reviews here. This is boring. This is mind-numbing. This is poor. This is tired. This is nothingness. Actually, even nothingness is more than this CD. I'm guessing the 5-star reviewers are misguided fools that think they're shining with some sort of perceived superiority. Don't make me laugh. They're obviously not as slick as they think they are. They don't know why they like this album. They just like it cuz it's Radiohead. This is a hammy disasterpiece. Radiohead have disappointed me 3 times in a row. How can one of my favorite bands of all time disappoint me 3 times in a row?<br />Make way for disappointment #4.
B00005KHJR|5.0|I first heard of this movie when I was speaking at a multi-cultural conference and some heckler made a nasty remark about &quot;barbaric Jews who burn people alive in wicker baskets.&quot;  WHAT???  Where did THAT come from?  The heckler said he saw it in a movie called &quot;The Wicker Man.&quot;  So, that evening, I rented the film, brought it back to my hotel room, and viewed it with a couple of the other Jewish speakers.  Nope, it's not about Jews, even though, at one point, six pagans cross their swords to form  a six-pointed star.  That must have been what made the heckler think it was &quot;Jewish&quot; -- but the hexagram has been used by many other cultures as well.  Jews do not -- I repeat, do NOT -- practice human sacrifice.<br />However, many European pagans did -- and therein lies the tale here. The &quot;Wicker Man&quot; is about is a village of 20th-century British neo-pagans whose crops fail.  They believe they need a human sacrifice for their fertility ceremony, and yes, it does involve placing the sacrificial victim inside a wicker statue.  But where are they going to get a virgin in an age of &quot;free love?&quot;  (This was filmed in 1974, before the AIDS epidemic.)  I won't give away the plot, but I thought the movie was interesting and well done.  It's not a horror film, but, rather, a serious drama that portrays the pre-Christian paganism of the British Isles in a non-sensationalist way.  No, human sacrifice doesn't make the crops grow.  But, after viewing this film, I understand how some pagans came to think that way.  I also found myself wondering if the British custom of burning Guy Fox in effigy at bonfires might not be a carryover from pre-Christian times.
B00005JLKB|3.0|This is a great series.  I love it on many levels.  Character developement is great from the get-go.  The visual effect are good.  The plots are well thought out in conjuction with future and past shows.  And a huge, huge factor is the music.  I absolutely love the music.  WHICH IS WHY I AM SO disappointed that there are no credits to the musicians/bands whose music this show uses. Where are the creds?  There are at least 2 to 3 songs per episode that are used.  Thats 42 to 63 songs total for this DVD set.
0385504209|5.0|this was a real shocker, a real eye opener for this girl from st paul's catholic school in butler pennsylvania --<br />sort of answered some questions that sister paula mary never wanted to answer when i was in first grade.  mr brown, my hat is off to you - finally someone has given me the answer i've been waiting for, the \\"mystery\\" is no mystery after all!
B0000C9V3T|5.0|Curiously, the liner only has lyrics for &quot;Bang Bang&quot; by Nancy Sinatra and &quot;Flower of Carnage&quot; by Meiko Kaji. <br />That's really the point, though. Tarantino wrote the film to be a &quot;struck down woman exacts revenge on her would-be assassins&quot;. What more do you need? The lyrics to the other songs are really pointless, except for The Rza's Ode to Oren Ishii, but the small background music makes it easy to understand.<br />There's a little bit of rockabilly that only Elvis people can appreciate: Charlie Feathers' &quot;That Certain Female&quot; and &quot;Woo Hoo&quot; by the 5.6.7.8's just make you want to get up and boogie.<br />Those of you who noticed the yellow tracksuit should be pleased to know that the Theme Song to &quot;The Green Hornet&quot; is on this CD. Yep, this is all about Lee exacting revenge on Carradine.<br />Besides the Sinatra and Kaji tracks, the other two that really set things off are The Lonely Shepherd by Zamfir and The Grand Duel by Luis Bacalov. Both feel like they belong in a Sergio Leone film, except they borrow from other styles: The Lonely Shepherd has a Mexican/SW flavor as it builds, and The Grand Duel starts off with an Asian flavor.<br />The cool thing is you can almost see the carnage, smell the blood and hear the steel slice through flesh when listening to it, especially after watching the trailers.<br />The number one reason to own this CD: the theatrical trailers. There's the teaser that played before Gangs of New York as well as two full trailers that you can only see on this CD and in theaters. (The Full Trailer at Quicktime is much different than either of these.) The kicker: the &quot;Quentin Tarantino Bootleg&quot; trailer uses similar shots to what one would see in the trailer to Sergio Leone's &quot;The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly&quot;. It seems like a shot-for-shot remake of that trailer, except they use Kill Bill footage.
B00005K3LU|5.0|The first in the awesome \\"Die Hard\\" movie trilogy is a dynamite, terrifying, and explosive action-packed adventure that has lasted through the ages and still is an unstoppable movie paralleled by so few, even now. In a few ways, it's gotten more unsettling considering how much worse has actually happened in real life than what takes place in this movie. Still, even with all the bad stuff happening, I refuse to let it ruin the fun of 1988s \\"Die Hard\\", one of my favorite action movies of all time.<br />The whole adventure begins as just another day for Mr. John McClane, an off-duty police officer who travels from snowy New York City, to visit his estranged wife Holly McClane who he hasn't spoken to in quite a long time following marital turmoil. Holly McClane works in a high-rise office building called Nakatomi Plaza in sunny Los Angeles and is having a party celebrating a business success. However, the supposedly clear blue sky/big sur paradise is turned into a massive cesspool of a nightmare when a vicious band of renegade terrorists led by Hans Gruber break into the lobby of the Nakitomi Plaza and take over the whole place, and holding the partygoers hostage on the 30th floor and sealing off all of the exits and entrances. John McClane whose now on his own, leads a one man army (That's himself) to rescue the hostages and to bring down the vicious group of terrorists. An LAPD officer named Al Powell (Reginald VelJohnson) receives word of an emergency call from the building but finds nothing suspicious in the lobby (according to what he thought) but when about to take off, believing that it was \\"nothing more than a wild goose chase\\", he gets a shocking wake up call and then, the action really gets going when a large group of LAPD headed by the extremely strict and sometimes mean-spirited Chief of LAPD Sergeant Dwayne Johnson and F.B.I. task forces arrive in attempts to fight the terrorists but only McClane, by himself, can be able to face off against the bad guys and from here, it's a very wild ride.<br />It was \\"Die Hard\\" that made me a fan of Bruce Willis's movies and while a good number of others he did such as \\"Armageddon\\" are excellent works, the \\"Die Hard\\" movie trilogy is to me, his crowning achievements in his career. He is truly awesome in this movie, playing the often disgruntled and stressed-out NYPD officer. The one who truly steals the spotlight is none other than the then newcomer Alan Rickman. Rickman's role as the quiet but dangerously cunning terrorist ringleader Hans Gruber is absolutely unforgettable and it deservedly brought Rickman's incredible talent to light. Although Bruce Willis' character is the main one in this movie, I have to hand it to ya, Alan Rickman is the shining star in this movie and his character Hans Gruber is by far the best of all of the Die Hard villains. I'm not too familiar with his movies as of writing this review but the ones I've seen (\\"Harry Potter\\" \\"Sorcerer's Stone\\", \\"Chamber of Secrets, \\"Galaxy Quest\\") with him in it are great. Then we got the warmhearted character Al Powell played by none other than the \\"Family Matters\\" star Reginald VelJohnson. Reginald was perfect for the role of playing the warmhearted Al Powell and made for some excellent extra entertainment. I couldn' have thought of a better choice. Overall, \\"Die Hard\\" really benefits from a brilliant cast, excellent plot, and astounding directing by John McTierman and from all of this, this film succeeds on so many levels that there are no peers except it's sequels but they are different in their own unique way.<br />While I could argue about whether this or 1990's \\"Die Harder\\" being superior, This movie is without a doubt the most fun and original of them all, even if it is rivaled by it's 1990 sequel but there's no denying that this one though is the most praised and loved classic of them all. \\"Die Hard\\" spawned an endless conveyor belt of action movies that borrowed a lot of action and plot patterns very similar to these movies. Some were great, some were duds but \\"Die Hard\\" is the grandfather of them all. Bruce Willis has made quite a few great movies since this one such as \\"Fifth Element\\", & \\"Armageddon\\" but the Die Hard movies to me, remain his crowning achievements of his career.<br />The DVD includes the movie itself on the disc one with theatrical trailors and improved visual quality. The second disc contains commentary (whoopy..), interviews with the actors, as well as deleted scenes that failed to make it into the main movie itself. As for me, I'm not a fan of deleted scenes and I usually find them to be quite boring if you ask me. As a result, I'm in no major hurry to replace my VHS edition any time soon. The movie transfer is amazing, as the original version was well ahead of it's time when released but the DVD transfer improves it to make it an even more hard-hitting edge classic for the ages.<br />All in all, there are lots of great action movies out there that have been spawned in the wake of the Die Hard movie trilogy but I recommend this movie out of all of them. While most of the other action movies are based on just action and fun, \\"Die Hard\\" takes those elements and blends them with intelligent dialog, awesome directing and unbelievable cinematography that propels the Die Hard movies so many miles above their peers. I also recommend \\"Speed\\" (Avoid \\"Cruise Control\\") as that one in it's own ways, rivals the punch of \\"Die Hard\\" and has even more action. Overall though, no action movies even the sequels have toyed with action and fun the way the 1988 original did and thus, this movie is a definite essential. Get the two sequels as well. This movie series started strong with this 1988 original and ended \\"With A Vengeance\\" with the \\"Die Hard 3: With A Vengeance\\".<br />I could give this movie countless stars but have to give it a five because that's the highest I'm able to rate it here.  Buy the \\"Ultimate Collection\\" box set with the movies boxed in one!<br />I'm finally exhausted of words for now. Enjoy the movie and have a good time!to these movies. Some were great, some were duds but \\"Die Hard\\" is the grandfather of them all. Bruce Willis has made quite a few great movies since this one such as \\"Fifth Element\\", & \\"Armageddon\\" but the Die Hard movies to me, remain his crowning achievements of his career. <br />The DVD includes the movie itself on the disc one with theatrical trailors and improved visual quality. The second disc contains commentary (whoopy..), interviews with the actors, as well as deleted scenes that failed to make it into the main movie itself. As for me, I'm not a fan of deleted scenes and I usually find them to be quite boring if you ask me. As a result, I'm in no major hurry to replace my VHS edition any time soon. The movie transfer is amazing, as the original version was well ahead of it's time when released but the DVD transfer improves it to make it an even more hard-hitting edge classic for the ages. <br />All in all, there are lots of great action movies out there that have been spawned in the wake of the Die Hard movie trilogy but I recommend this movie out of all of them. While most of the other action movies are based on just action and fun, \\"Die Hard\\" takes those elements and blends them with intelligent dialog, awesome directing and unbelievable cinematography that propels the Die Hard movies so many miles above their peers. I also recommend \\"Speed\\" (Avoid \\"Cruise Control\\") as that one in it's own ways, rivals the punch of \\"Die Hard\\" and has even more action. Overall though, no action movies even the sequels have toyed with action and fun the way the 1988 original did and thus, this movie is a definite essential. Get the two sequels as well. This movie series started strong with this 1988 original and ended \\"With A Vengeance\\" with the \\"Die Hard 3: With A Vengeance\\". <br />I could give this movie countless stars but have to give it a five because that's the highest I'm able to rate it here.  Buy the \\"Ultimate Collection\\" box set with the movies boxed in one! <br />I'm finally exhausted of words for now. Enjoy the movie and have a good time!
B0000B3FCX|5.0|It is gonna be hard for Nickelback to top this one.Its an INstant Classic.If you listen to this at an Extremely High Volume I guarantee you will be very impressed.Ill go track By Track...Track 1 -\\"FLAT ON THE FLOOR\\"-5 stars-This is a perfect opener for the album its fast,Aggressive,Short and to the point.LISTEN TO THIS ONE LOUD. Track 2 -\\"DO THIS ANYMORE\\"-5 stars-This is an excellant song.The Chorus is very Catchy. Track 3-\\"SOMEDAY\\"-4.0 Stars-This is a good song but the versus dont really run smoothly into the chorus.Which is why I dont understand why they chose it to be the first single. Track 4 -\\"BELIEVE IT OR NOT\\"-5 Stars-Not much to say about this one Except LISTEN TO THIS ONE LOUD. Track 5 -\\"FEELIN WAY TOO DAMN GOOD\\"-4.5 Stars-The only thing I didnt like about this song is the Lyrics.But the Vocal Melody and Music of the song is excellant. Track 6 -\\"BECAUSE OF YOU\\"-5+Stars-If there is any track on this one to listen to loud ..this is the one.I couldnt believe my ears when I heard this.Its by far the heaviest song they have ever written.LISTEN TO THIS ONE LOUD.The best track on the album. Track 7 -\\"FIGURED YOU OUT\\"-5 stars-I really enjoyed the Lyrics in this one.Im not gonna give it away though.Very well written song all around. Track 8 -\\"SHOULDVE LISTENED\\"-4 Stars-Good Music,Good Vocal Line,But the Lyrics are kinda amateur. Track 9 -\\"THROW YOURSELF AWAY\\"-5 Stars-This has a very Heavy groove like riff in it.LISTEN TO THIS ONE LOUD. Track 10 -\\"ANOTHER HOLE IN THE HEAD\\"-4 Stars-This song is good,But they stole the main riff from 3 Doors Down. Track 11-\\"SEE YOU AT THE SHOW\\"-3.5 Stars-This song really didnt do much for me...The 3 Bonus Tracks are \\"SATURDAY NIGHTS ALRIGHT (FOR FIGHTING)-5 Stars .. Very well done cover of the Elton John Song.Dimebag Darrel plays the solo in it....\\"LEARN THE HARD WAY\\" -5 Stars -Very Nirvana Like Riffing in this one....\\"LEARN THE HARD WAY\\"-5 Stars-I love this song.Its a good song to listen to while driving...In case I havent mentioned it yet...LISTEN TO THIS ALBUM LOUD!!
0792844882|5.0|What do you get when you mix big shot director Paul Verhoeven, powerhouse screenwriter Joe Eszterhas, and a cast that includes Kyle MacLachlan, Gina Gershon, Robert Davi, and &quot;Saved by the Bell&quot; expatriate Elizabeth Berkley? You get the 1995 film &quot;Showgirls,&quot; a motion picture about the trials and tribulations of life as a Las Vegas dancer. After popping this DVD in the player, I knew with all of my heart and soul that I had discovered something special with this sprawling two-hour plus epic. It is only natural that the dynamic duo of Verhoeven/Eszterhas should follow up their smash 1992 hit &quot;Basic Instinct&quot; with this magisterial presentation that repeatedly overwhelms the viewer's sensory perceptions. After watching &quot;Showgirls,&quot; I can easily tell you that life will never be the same for me.<br />Elizabeth Berkley plays the archetypical American heroine in the role of Nomi Malone, an enigmatic gal who travels to Las Vegas, Nevada to secure her rightful position as queen of the chorus line. Sure, Nomi faces the usual obstacles any misunderstood genius encounters on the path to greatness: a guy robs her of the only belongings she has in the world, she accepts a job at a seedy strip club to pay the bills, and she has difficulties pronouncing &quot;Versace&quot; and doesn't comprehend the concept of an MBA degree. Fortunately for the seemingly nave Nomi, a local by the name of Molly stepped in and helped our heroine secure lodgings at the exact moment Malone needed assistance. It isn't too long after this blessed sequence of events that Malone runs into the evil temptress Cristal Conners and her boss Zach Carey. Cristal and Zach are the top dogs at a big stage production called &quot;Goddess&quot; at one of the local casinos. Since Cristal takes an instant liking to Nomi, a series of events find Malone employed in this stage show as a dancer. It is obvious even to an artistically ignorant bumpkin like me that Nomi Malone is a shoe-in for the primary role in the stage production. After all, a girl who can move her arms in such complicated maneuvers as Nomi does surely will succeed where all others fail. In fact, I haven't seen dance moves like this since I accidentally stuck my finger in a light socket while standing in a bathtub full of water.<br />Nomi's resourcefulness serves her well as she quickly learns you have to break a few hips if you want to make an omelet. Nothing stands in our heroine's way, not a total lack of talent or a tendency to wear make-up that looks as though she used a paint roller to apply it. Not only is Malone a fount of untapped talent, she knows karate, too, as evidenced in her mission to avenge a wronged Molly near the end of the movie. This girl has got it all, folks, and I ought to know because for over two hours I watched in open mouthed wonder as Nomi stuck to her guns and never gave anyone the satisfaction of putting one over on her. This plucky dancer with a pancake face is truly an American heroine of epic proportions. If I had a daughter, I would want her to be exactly like Nomi Malone.<br />I could go on and on about the top-flight stage shows in the movie, the glitzy costumes, and the soul moving dialogue, but I won't. Human vocal cords cannot produce the sounds of praise that this movie so richly deserves. I will, however, discuss the performances in this movie because I think that every person who appeared in this production deserves proper credit for their work. Kyle MacLachlan works wonders with his portrayal of the smarmy Zach; an entertainment director at the casino who rapidly recognizes that Nomi's ability to thrash about in a swimming pool will easily translate into success as the lead dancer in &quot;Goddess.&quot; Robert Davi plays the owner of the strip club where Nomi begins her rise to greatness, and what a stretch for this long time thespian! This actor radiates a warmth and caring in his role that one rarely witnesses in this cynical age. Words cannot describe Gina Gershon's turn as the world weary Cristal Conners. My heart goes out to this modest, nearly prudish dancer with a heart of gold. I believe that every film needs a Cristal Conners so that all peoples the world over will drink of the milk of human kindness. Finally, I would be remiss if I failed to mention the awesome presence of Elizabeth Berkley, whose bravery in even attempting to actualize the Nomi Malone character speaks volumes about the quality of talent in Hollywood today. Did anyone else notice that Berkley played opposite a character named Zach in both &quot;Showgirls&quot; and &quot;Saved by the Bell&quot;? Shame on you for missing this subliminal message embedded in the film!<br />Alas, the DVD version of &quot;Showgirls&quot; leaves a lot to be desired. The only extras on the disc are a trailer and a very short &quot;making of&quot; documentary about the film. Where is the commentary track for this motion picture? Moreover, where are the multiple commentaries regarding this film? Every soul involved with the production of this movie should stand up and be counted. An even nicer addition to the disc would be the phone numbers and addresses of those responsible for &quot;Showgirls&quot; in case a viewer feels like contacting these people in order to convey their comments in person. There simply isn't enough magic in our day to day lives, but &quot;Showgirls&quot; brought a little bit into mine and maybe it will bring some into yours, too.e. Words cannot describe Gina Gershon's turn as the world weary Cristal Conners. My heart goes out to this modest, nearly prudish dancer with a heart of gold. I believe that every film needs a Cristal Conners so that all peoples the world over will drink of the milk of human kindness. Finally, I would be remiss if I failed to mention the awesome presence of Elizabeth Berkley, whose bravery in even attempting to actualize the Nomi Malone character speaks volumes about the quality of talent in Hollywood today. Did anyone else notice that Berkley played opposite a character named Zach in both &quot;Showgirls&quot; and &quot;Saved by the Bell&quot;? Shame on you for missing this subliminal message embedded in the film!<br />Alas, the DVD version of &quot;Showgirls&quot; leaves a lot to be desired. The only extras on the disc are a trailer and a very short &quot;making of&quot; documentary about the film. Where is the commentary track for this motion picture? Moreover, where are the multiple commentaries regarding this film? Every soul involved with the production of this movie should stand up and be counted. An even nicer addition to the disc would be the phone numbers and addresses of those responsible for &quot;Showgirls&quot; in case a viewer feels like contacting these people in order to convey their comments in person. There simply isn't enough magic in our day to day lives, but &quot;Showgirls&quot; brought a little bit into mine and maybe it will bring some into yours, too.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|The sophmore effort by any hit band is almost always the most subject to scrutiny.  It is often said that anyone can make a hit album, but it takes a band with real talent to make two.  Bearing that in mind, A Perfect Circle, with two new members (Jeordie Osbourne White from Marilyn Manson and James Iha from The Smashing Pumpkins) return for a long overdue follwup to their critical and commercial 1999 debut Mer de Noms, and they have not disappointed.<br />On this go round, the band seems much more confident and focused as a whole than before, giving the album a better flow and dynamic.  And dynamic this album is, much more so than its predecessor - it is more quiet and contemplative as well as heavier and angrier.  It begins with the nearly eight minute &quot;The Package&quot; which moves from quiet drumming, taking its time to develop into full-out vintage heavy APC.  From there, some highlights are the beautiful and emotional &quot;The Noose&quot;, &quot;Blue&quot;, which is vintage APC disguised to sound almost like a radio hit.  &quot;Pet&quot;, perhaps the heaviest song, is a step up from its sister &quot;Judith&quot; from Mer de Noms - not only is it better crafted, it runs less of a risk of running dry after multiple listens, which is something that can be extended to describe the album as a whole.  <br />In a year in which good rock albums have been few and far between, it is refreshing to hear such a skillfully crafted and beautiful album from a band that showed so much promise, and after four years, some feard had disappeared for good.  Let us hope that we will not have to wait another four years for this talented ensemble's next opus, although, even if it is, at the rate they're going, it will be well worth it.
B000084T18|4.0|I GOT THIS ALBUM COUPLE MONTHS AGO AND LIKE IT. MY FAVORITE SONGS ARE &quot;PAITENLY WAITING&quot;, &quot;IN DA CLUB&quot; AND &quot;HEAT&quot;. THE OTHER SONGS R ALRIGHT TO ME.
1400034779|5.0|I have no idea why I picked up McCall Smith's first book, The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency, I never would have imagined reading a book about a lady detective named Mma Precious Ramotswe who hailed from Botswana.<br />After all, what serious author would name his heroine \\"Precious\\"!  Why it sounds like the book would reek of drippy/mushy/romancy stuff with a murder tossed in just so it could be labeled a mystery.<br />Wrong! I was so very wrong, for McCall Smith wove magic and I found Mma Precious Ramotswe to be the perfect name for a woman so courageous and determined she is able to shoot a crocodile and slice its belly open looking for parts of a missing child. I relished the fact that here was a heroine who knew when to detect and when to sit and enjoy a rich bowl of cooked pumpkin. Although Mma Ramotswe is overweight she is more than capable of tackling pesky snakes or crooks and still seeing herself as sexy. Mma Ramotswe may be middle-aged but she still understands the yearnings of rebellious teen-agers under strict parental rule.  However there is another element to Precious that can't be ignored or easily forgotten, she is a woman of wisdom who sees things clearly, simply. And thus, just as I had in my university days, I found myself looking for a high-lighter to mark thoughts/lines/passages - for these books are not merely fiction - they are literature in its truest essence.<br /><br />Suffice to say, I have since zoomed over to the bookstore and promptly ordered McCall Smith's third and fourth books: Morality for Beautiful Girls and The Kalahari Typing School for Men.
B00005K3LW|5.0|The third and last entry in the explosively awesome Die Hard Trilogy brings the series full circle in many ways, yet also into new territory and ended the series on a great note.<br />The movie finds our beloved and now highly unstable John McClane back in his home city of New York City as an NYPD officer after he couldn't adjust to life in Los Angeles and is now once again estranged from his wife Holly. Even worse is that McClane himself has become very unstable and is struggling with severe depression and drinking problems stemming from the extreme stress of what he had to go through saving the Nakatomi Plaza hostages as well as an entire fleet of jetliners at the Dulles Airport from vicious radical rogue terrorists.<br />However, McClane's life of fighting vicious terrorist forces are not yet over when a bomb goes off at a store in Manhattan and a new group of mercenaries led by Simon Gruber, the brother of the late Hans Gruber who met his spectacular demise in the 1988 original, puts John McClane into a confusing and deadly labyrinth of `Simon says' games to try to get his revenge on him for the death of Hans years ago. The truth is that Simon Gruber is aiming to seize gold from the Federal Reserves and threatens to release an extremely toxic chemical if his goals are not met by a given deadline. McClane goes and tries to solve the dangerous puzzles to foil Simon's deadly schemes.<br />To make matters even more complicated and daunting, John McClane finds his world entangling with that of a store owner named Zeus Carver (played by Samuel L. Jackson). Carver is almost the extreme opposite of Al Powell from the previous two movies. McClane's life is saved by Mr. Carver after a during one of the odd games. Carver's attitude clashes fiercely with McClane's as he is turned off and vexed by Carver's semi-racist personality and it all makes for an unpleasant addition to McClanes problems. The two though put aside their differences as they both team up to put a stop to Simon's terrorist goals and save New York City from disaster.<br />This movie is a great continuation of the punch that the first two Die Hard movies had but at the same time, takes the series into some very different territory. Officer McClane had the help and friendship of the warm-hearted friend Al Powell on his two previous mission. NOT ANYMORE! On here, he and Carver start off having nothing but contempt for each other at the beginning but then cast aside their differences as they become a very unlikely allies against Simon's evil schemes. The often clashing interaction between McClane and Carver is just filled with wit and energetic punch and even some humor. It's for this reason that \\"Die Hard With A Vengeance\\" is just about as good as it's predecessors. It sometimes is funny watching John and Zeus arguing with each other trying to solve the constant stream of riddles to foil the bad guys goals.<br /><br />Unfortunately Bonnie Bedelia's character Holly McClane does not appear anywhere at all in this movie (did Holly pass away or something after the jet incident?) but is mentioned in a few parts of the movie. This one, John is fighting to save his own life instead of Holly's (She seems to be safe far away from any danger in L.A.). In some ways, I like how they changed the whole pairing idea here. Instead of a romantic pairing like it was with John and Holly, we get an `unlikely buddies' pairing with John and Zeus. In ways, this works as it attempts to break the mold that often defines countless action films, saving the woman he loves, and defeating the bad guys. Also, instead of constantly being in tight spots like the first two movies, the two race through the crowded streets of New York, through subway tunnels and even underground water tunnels.<br />A wonderful job they did on here!<br />Jeremy Iron's role as Simon Gruber results in the best action film baddie since Alan Rickman made Hans Gruber the best bad guy in action moviemaking in history and is better than Colonel Stuart in the \\"Die Hard 2\\" movie. Not say Stuart's character was bad at all, Sadler did a good job on that one too, just not quite as memorable as the other two.<br />This movie is a bit more unsettling as it comes dangerously close to being realistic and that the things that have taken place here are seemingly minor mishaps compared to the horrors of what has happened in real life. Brushing that aside, this is some good escapist entertainment.<br />\\"WAV\\" is an absolutely brilliant follow-up to the previous two DH movies and in several ways, feels like a totally different movie altogether like as if it were to be a totally separate movie but instead was installed as a sequel. I total admire the filmmakers for branching out into new territory with this film and as a result, the Die Hard movie trilogy to me, is the most consistent action movie trilogy of all time. I wish I could've said the same for quite a good number of other movie trilogies. No sequel slumps at all here. Bruce Willis' shining achievements of his career are the Die Hard movie and these three movies are absolute must haves, whether to see intelligent moviemaking or just to have a large can of soda and a bag of potato chips.er than Colonel Stuart in the \\"Die Hard 2\\" movie. Not say Stuart's character was bad at all, Sadler did a good job on that one too, just not quite as memorable as the other two. <br />This movie is a bit more unsettling as it comes dangerously close to being realistic and that the things that have taken place here are seemingly minor mishaps compared to the horrors of what has happened in real life. Brushing that aside, this is some good escapist entertainment. <br />\\"WAV\\" is an absolutely brilliant follow-up to the previous two DH movies and in several ways, feels like a totally different movie altogether like as if it were to be a totally separate movie but instead was installed as a sequel. I total admire the filmmakers for branching out into new territory with this film and as a result, the Die Hard movie trilogy to me, is the most consistent action movie trilogy of all time. I wish I could've said the same for quite a good number of other movie trilogies. No sequel slumps at all here. Bruce Willis' shining achievements of his career are the Die Hard movie and these three movies are absolute must haves, whether to see intelligent moviemaking or just to have a large can of soda and a bag of potato chips.
B0000025HG|5.0|The one Streisand album everyone should own.  &quot;Superman&quot; and &quot;Songbird&quot; close second and third.
B000003S0F|5.0|I have been a fan since the beginning. King Crimson has always been my \\"AVIS\\" of bands (Pink Floyd being #1). I consider myself very informed with their history, have every cd, & bought several \\"Club\\" issued cd's. I think the second KC era (Lizard & Islands) to be the most underrated of all the KC lineups. Islands is my favorite KC LP of all time. Side two's second 2/3's is the most beautiful music ever to come out of all the \\"Prog\\" bands ever! Just listen to it, how can you not love it. I bought all the \\"Club\\" cd's with this lineup, they were great doing these songs live too. This album probably has been the most trashed of all their albums, but seeing others reviewing it, I'm not alone with my opinion.
0066620996|5.0|By Jeffrey W. Bennett, ISP, author of [[ASIN:0981620604 ISP Certification-The Industrial Security Professional Exam Manual]] and [[ASIN:1588510980 Under the Lontar Palm]]<br /> Face it! You can make great speeches, write excellent policy, or video conference daily.  However, true success is developed out of habits and performance executed by top companies and outlined in this terrific book.  The most important aspect is the stragegic management and goals developed and supported by a company culture.<br /><br />Success is developed at the top level, but the entire enterprise is involved in operational behavior.  Everyone must be a part and know that they contribute to making the company what it is.
B00008H2LB|5.0|GOT THIS ALBUM THE DAY IT CAME OUT AND I WAS NOT DISSAPPOINTED. JUST LIKE HYBRID THEORY I LIKE EVERY SONG ON THE CD. BUT AGAIN I FEEL AS IF THE ALBUM SHOULD BE LONGER THEN 30 MIN. THIS ALBUM TO ME IS BETTER THEN HYBRID THEORY.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I must admit I was not a big fan of Mer de Noms but my friend let me listen to a few songs off of this album and immediately I decided to go out and buy the album. All of the songs on this cd are great. At first, many people may turned off by the song &quot;The Nurse Who Loved Me&quot; and I didn't really like it at first either, but the more I listened the more I liked it. I listen to this cd everyday as I am walking to class. I love it. You will too. Buy it!
B00005JM02|5.0|Disney used to be the King of animated movies.  Since full legnth animated movies first came out, Disney dominated the type of movie, but it seems lately, their animated movies have been getting worse and worse, and it doesn't seem like Disney is making \\"Disney Classics\\" anymore.  Another little company called Pixar, which is actually a small little divison of the much larger computer company called Apple Computers which makes some of the most imaginative computers on the market, seems to be taking over the animated movie business.  It's no wonder that Disney got a contract to have them make movies for them in the Disney/Pixar name for at least 3 more movies.  <br />Macs are some of the most imaginative computers on the market right now, so it's not surpizing that the same people that make really imaginative computers also make some really imaginative movies.  From Toy Story to A Bugs Life to Monsters INC, everyone knows Pixar, and their newest extreamly well done movie is Finding Nemo.<br />Finding Nemo is about a clownfish named Marlin and his son Nemo.  Marlin's wife and all of their kids with the exception of Nemo were eaten by a larger fish, so as Nemo was growing up, Marlin wias overly protective of him.  All of this protecting made Nemo get a little rebelious on the first day of school when his teacher took him to the edge of the coral reef and Marlin followed and tried taking Nemo home.  Nemo had gotten dared to touch a nearby boat floating in open water, and when Nemo's Dad came to save him from his teacher, Nemo decided to do it.  On his way back from the boat, he gets caught by a diver who captures him and puts him in a fish tank in the diver's dentist office.  After meeting with the other fish tank fish who are all from pet stores except for the tank's \\"leader\\" named Gill, Nemo finds out that he is a gift for the Dentist's Neice who is known as a Fish Killer because of her many unlucky attempts to have a pet fish.  Gill decides that he can't let this happen to Nemo, and tries various escape attempts throughout the movie.  <br />Meanwhile, Marlin embarked on a search for his son.  He met up with a fish named Dori who has a problem with short term memory loss.  Dori isn't really much help throughout the movie becuse she can't really remember stuff, but she can read.  After the boat pulled away, one of the divers masks fell into the water with the dentist's address written on the strap, and Dori was able to read this.  That turned Marlins search towards Sydney.  After close encouters with just about every type of sea creatures including sharks who are trying to quit fish, deep sea angler fish, jellyfish, whales, surfer sea turtles, and much more, his story spread until most of the ocean knew about him, and that's where I'm going to leave off.  It's a great movie, so if you want to see how it ends, you need to go and see it for yourself.  <br />Just like the computers that Apple makes, the movies that they make are very imaginative as well and it's not suprizing that their movies are better than any Disney animated movies.  I don't know what Disney is going to do when their contract with Pixar is up though.  Disney movies seem to have lost much of their imagination.  Sure, their animation is great, both computer and old fahioned, but their newer storys need help.  Maybe it's just budget cuts and Disney's not paying their animaters enough money to come up with good stuff while Pixar is, but lets just hope that great animated movies contuinue to be made, no matter which studio or company name makes them!
B000092ZYX|4.0|If there ever was a band that the indie dorks and mainstream pop fans could appreciate in equal measure, it is Radiohead.  Always a band that experimented with their &quot;sound&quot; but never really abandoning completely their pop band roots.  They kept things accessible even if the concepts of their albums were always alienating.  This is really no exception, except for now, they let the guitars slide to the front in an untreated fashion.  There are some honest-to-god rock songs on here, they still sound like only Radiohead can sound, but they show how much complexity and depth they bring to the table.  Now for the inevitable song by song breakdown.<br />1.  2+2=5  Easily the best climax of any song this year, it hits so hard and stays.  The beginning is a little cheeky, but thats to be expected.<br />2.  Sit Down, Stand Up   A song that sneaks up on you, and in typical Radiohead fashion, beautiful without seeming forced, their arrangements are always tight and without frivolous &quot;prettyness&quot;.  This is no exception, beautiful piano lines, and Thom wailing away.<br />3.  Sail to the Moon   A grower of a song, and the closest they come to kitsch on the album.  But still, Thommy boy still has a way with words, and the instrumentation is undeniably beautiful.<br />4.  Backdrifts   An anomaly for me.  I thought this would be an aimless experiment like some of the Amnesiac songs, but Thom sings it straight, with great vocal melodies.  It ends up making me sing along.  I fell into your arms, I sing along like a little girl.<br />5.  Go to Sleep   The best showcase for Radioheads pop megatalent.  This just seems effortless like they popped it off in a day, amazing really.  Unbelievably catchy, and repeatable forever.  And I can picture people dancing to it.  That hasn't happened in a while with their stuff.<br />6.  Where I end and you Begin    Obviously the bassline is great.  The song weaves, like most of their songs do, ending with I will eat you alive.  Whatever that means, Thom.<br />7.  We Suck Young Blood   By far the most weird song on the album, the claps are just eerie.  Add a little freakout at about 3 minutes in, and you have the kind of atmospheric weirdness only the gang can produce.  But nonetheless, it isn't unlistenable.  <br />8.  The Gloaming   More electronic nightmarish stuff.  Especially the circular bass thing.  I must admit to appreciating this song much more after I heard it live.  But it makes me sing along paradoxially.<br />9.  There There   More sing along stuff from Thom.  JUSSSTTT CAUSSSSEEE YOU FEEEEL ITTTT DOESNT MEAANNNN ITTTTSSSS TTHHHHEEERRREEEEE.  Wonderful climax, and another in the long line of songs where you notice the little details as you listen to it more and more.<br />10.  I will   My least favorite, if only because it sounds unfinished.  To me anyway.<br />11.  A Punchup at a Wedding    Some actual storytelling for Thom.  With a bassline that sounds like you've heard it before, maybe I have.  But anyway, the song sounds kind of hopeless, fits i think.<br />12.  Myxomatosis    Hard stuff, another song that is fantastic live.  You can't quite latch onto the chord progression at the beginning, and the lyrics are typically cryptic, but thats the way it is I guess.<br />13.  Scatterbrain   This sounds like Pablo Honey but with a bigger budget, to me anyway.  Basic guitar lines, and Thoms vocals upfront, using the falsetto to its maximum.  Beautiful.<br />14.  Wolf at the Door   I have to say when I first heard it, I'm like what is this, FInal Fantasy, at the beginning.  But then the rapping and live instrumentation.  Its so different for them, but then it makes so much sense.<br />I'm done.
B0000B3FCX|3.0|As soon as they spend the 30c to get a proper jewel case for the album, I'll consider spending 50 times that amount to buy the album.<br />As long as they continue to use this pathetic packaging format that insults us by suggesting that the music is so bad we don't need any kind of durability in the album we buy, then I will continue to listen to them for free on the radio.
B00005AQE8|5.0|WHEN I FIRST HEARD THIS ALBUM I WAS BLOWN AWAY. IT WAS HOT AS HELL. EVEN TILL THIS DAY I LISTEN TO THIS ALBUM FREQUENTLY. I LIKE EVER SONG ON THE 2 CD'S. I BELIEVE THAT 2PAC IS STILL AIVE IN HIDING.
B0000027RL|5.0|I'm not going to go through each song and tell you my score on each song because each is a 10. The best song on the album would definitely have to be &quot;Black&quot;. This song gets a 10.5 why? because it's my rating system. Anyway, don't get me wrong all the songs on this album are great. If you haven't bought it yet, do so because this album is tizight...did i just type tizight? That's right I did because this album is tizight. OK it's not tizight its the best album I own besides &quot;Thirteenth Step&quot; by A Perfect Circle.
B00006ZCFH|3.0|i must say i agree somewhat with what others have said. this album is...well confusing...i'm still trying to figure out where she is trying to take us on this album. what her exact purpose is. i'm not stunned to hear some of the things she has on here. i was very anxious for this $8.00 purchase, and don't regret it, but in some ways i could have saw myself downloading this album before purchasing it, and i wish i had. maybe with the more times i listen to the album the more i'll get into it. for now its being used as a coaster in on my computer/study desk. it will get another chance at rotation but for now...point blank i'm a fan and want to support erykah...see ya on the 11th of october in dallas!!!
B000053VAZ|5.0|When you hit the Play button to start this movie, put all your expectations aside and prepare to be charmed by the entire cast of this delightfully quirky romantic comedy.  Just watching Johnny Depp in this movie alone is well worth the price of the video!  Two words: all good.  Highly recommended!
0156027321|3.0|This work of fiction has two distinct aspects, either of which has the potential to be relished for its own sake. On the one hand, it's a grim adventure story about an adolescent shipwreck survivor. On the other, it's a fable with overt religious overtones and a Message.<br /><br />And what a premise for a story!  A young boy trapped on a lifeboat with the oddest assort of castaways in literary history: a zebra, hyena, orangutan, and a Bengal tiger. The result is an enjoyable, brisk, nearly believable, often gruesome romp, in straightforward (but never pedestrian) writing style equal to the best \\"young adult\\" fiction available today. The first section introduces Pi living in India with his zoo-keeping family. Part horror story, part fable, the major portion of the book recounts his (mis)adventures at sea. It's the final pages that throw readers for a loop, as the story steers from magic realism to a post-modern finale in which Martel tries to wrap up his point.<br /><br />While the plot will remind readers of \\"The Old Man and the Sea,\\" \\"Lord of the Flies,\\" \\"Robinson Crusoe,\\" and even \\"Gulliver's Travels,\\" the thematic underpinnings of the book, unfortunately, flirts with the \\"feel good,\\" New-Age banality of \\"Jonathan Livingston Seagull.\\" Some readers might find the ideas worth contemplating, but I suspect an equal number will realize that Martel's message disintegrates after serious reflection. These faults deserve discussion, but I will avoid disclosing any of the plot's surprises.<br /><br />Some of the book's metaphysical elements rise to the challenge, especially when Martel approaches the subject with a sense of humor. But the basic argument is rather trite, and the author stumbles when he offers an alternative explanation for Pi's experiences--a story that is cynical and stark and a lot more realistic--and then challenges the reader to choose: the \\"better story, the story with animals\\" or \\"the story that will confirm what you already know.\\" Martel's Big Message: Faith in God is belief in \\"the better story\\"; atheism is picking the story you already know, and agnosticism is refusing to choose.<br /><br />The most obvious flaw in this line of reasoning is that Martel has set up a false dichotomy: believers can choose from hundreds of \\"possible\\" stories for any narrative--not just two. The second problem is sheer chutzpah: The \\"god\\" of this story is the Author, not God, and its world is entirely the Author's Creation. There's no way around the fact that Martel, in effect, compares belief in fiction to belief in God. Furthermore, if we believed in every story because it was better or prettier, many of us would still \\"believe\\" in Santa Claus and the Tooth Fairy, or Zeus and Hera, or Alice and the Mad Hatter. A third, related issue: since the author invents the story, he is able to manipulate the reader. Another author/god writing this book could easily turn the tables, ending the book with Pi committed to an asylum, unable to care for himself, and uselessly babbling his story to his caretakers. Which is the \\"better story\\" then?<br /><br />And that leads to the novel's biggest failing:  Martel never convinces the reader why it's important to choose at all. The book is less a brief for belief in God than a denunciation of agnosticism. In press interviews, for example, Martel exposes his own prejudices, referring to agnostics as \\"doubters\\" or \\"fence-sitters,\\" and that he has greater respect for atheists. Pi argues similarly in the novel, \\"To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation.\\" Yet this metaphor makes no sense: one doesn't always have to be on the move or even commit to a single mode of transportation. If life presents hundreds of possible stories, why must we choose one (or even a few) to the exclusion of all others? Or, as an agnostic might ask, why not remain open-minded rather than close-minded?<br /><br />Nevertheless, the reader who finds Martel's philosophical ramblings unappealing or incoherent or unsatisfying or shallow (or all of the above) can still sit back and take pleasure in the story. For all its theological misfires, \\"Life of Pi\\" might yet join a tradition of works (like, say, \\"The Chronicles of Narnia\\" or \\"The Fountainhead\\") that stand on their own for many readers, regardless of what they might think of their underlying themes.amblings unappealing or incoherent or unsatisfying or shallow (or all of the above) can still sit back and take pleasure in the story. For all its theological misfires, \\"Life of Pi\\" might yet join a tradition of works (like, say, \\"The Chronicles of Narnia\\" or \\"The Fountainhead\\") that stand on their own for many readers, regardless of what they might think of their underlying themes.
B000066NW0|1.0|I HATE EVER SONG THIS SL*T SONGS. THAT &quot;COMPLICATED&quot; DRIVES ME CRAZY ALL THE TIME. IT MAKES WANNA DISTROY THE F***IN RAIDO. I DON'T EVEN KNOW HOW SHE OT A RECORD DEAL. SH&quot;T I NEVER SANG IN MY LFIFE AND AFTER HEARING 3 OF HER SONGS I CAN GO MAKE AND ALBUM AND SEL MILLIONS OF RECORDS.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I have been waiting for the new album to be released and was pleasantly surprised to hear the final result. This album was definitely worth the wait, I cannot stop listening to the CD nor analyzing the incredible lyrics. I admit I was nervous due to certain losses during the recording process but the end result is truly amazing. If music is your life's passion, you must have this CD.
B00009V7RF|5.0|Here goes... If you like original hip-hop, buy this CD. It is an extremely original blend of funk, rock and hip-hop. Nearly all of the songs are good, and no two songs are &quot;copies&quot; of one-another. This CD also manages to escape most of the cliche's that have plagued hip-hop. Overall, I highly recommend it.<br />Oh... and it's kind of ironic that so many people find the song &quot;Let's Get Retarded&quot; offensive. IT'S NOT EVEN ABOUT RETARDATION OR RETARDED PEOPLE! If you don't just judge the song by the cover, and actually listen to the lyrics, you can tell that it's about partying, and the substances that go along with that.
B00009V7T2|5.0|im disgusted that there are people out there who hear this cd and think it sounds like rush. who cares if cedric sings like the guy from rush? if all you hear are vocals when you listen to a cd, then you should listen to hillary duff. this cd is one of the best ive ever heard, it is completely new and different.
B000002U8G|4.0|While not flawless, Meddle is certainly an enjoyable prog/psych album.<br />One Of These Days ***- Good bass driven song, but could have been shorter <br />A Pillow of Winds *****- One of my favorite tracks on the album. A slow, atmospheric song with some lovely slide guitar<br />Fearless *****- Great lyrics, nice little acoustic riff, ranks with the best of the Floyd<br />San Tropez ***- Okay, okay, its not a great track, but it's pleasing to the ear<br />Seamus **- Skip it<br />Echoes *****- Its worth buying the album just for this track. A 23 minute psychadelic symphony that NEVER seems to grow dull. Roger provides some excellent lyrics as well. Unforgettable
B00004Z459|5.0|THESE GUYS ARE TRUE RAP/METAL ARTIST. OTHER BANDS TODAY TRY TO CROSS OVER LIKE LIMP BIZKIT. ANY WAY THIS ALBUM IS VERY GOOD. I LIKE EVERY SONG ON THE ALBUM. THE ONLY THING I DON'T LIKE IS HOW SHORT THE ALBUM IS 30 MIN.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This cd is INCREDIBLE. Thirteenth Step is even better than Mer de Noms! I can honestly say there is not one bad song on it.The music is amazing and Maynard's voice is so beautiful. It's a definite must-have for any fan!
B00006ZCFH|5.0|Ms. Badu made this album for the heads who know.  Either you feel the beats or you don't.  And of you do that means that you know that the &quot;old school&quot; she's paying homage kisses the late seventies and rides beats all the way to now.  And if you don't, give it time.  For all my brothers and sisters who went to the jams back in the day where the turn tables were plugged into lamp posts in the park, and you remember exactly what it felt like the first time you heard the phrase, &quot;On and on, the beat don't stop until the break o' dawn,&quot; this one's for you. For all my brothers and sisters who know what it means to have a beat lift you and make you THINK in tongues, this one's for you.  Beats for the cypher, y'all.  <br />Worldwide Underground?  This is for the heads who KNOW!<br />Thank you Ms. Badu, this comes just in time.
B000099T2L|3.0|Beyonce's debut solo CD certainly has its moments: both Jay-Z tracks (&quot;Crazy in Love&quot;, &quot;That's How You Like It&quot;) and most of the other made for radio airplay songs (&quot;Baby Boy&quot;, &quot;Hip Hop Star&quot;, perhaps &quot;Yes&quot; or &quot;Naughty Girl&quot;).  However, the CD significantly falters in its slow second half of droning ballads.  &quot;Be With You&quot; and &quot;Signs&quot; are some of Missy Elliot's worst accomplishments ever, perhaps showing us that Timbaland deserves even more credit than he has already received.  &quot;Yes&quot; is an acceptable slow jam, and for first-timers, the renewal of &quot;Dangerously in Love&quot; is really pretty nice.  Again though, the Luther Vandross duet is pretty weak, as is &quot;Gift from Virgo&quot;.  Finally, &quot;Speechless&quot; attempts to create an atmosphere like some of Aaliyah's slower jams, however, Beyonce is simply too innocent to pull it off, and her producers are certainly not R-Kelly or Timbaland.  As a final verdict as whether to buy or not, I say just wait to hear it on the radio, the majority of the good songs will see major airplay.<br />Beyonce will do better when her standards rise higher and her entire album has quality production, not just the lead singles.  And on a disheartening note, many of the worst tracks (&quot;Speechless&quot;, &quot;Gift from Virgo&quot;) were produced exclusively by the supposed musical genius behind the success of Destiny's Child.  That said, Beyonce is a great singer and her energy nearly saves some of the bad tracks, but just isn't enough.
0425173755|5.0|This book was extremely first-rate. I enjoyed it thoroughly because the plot was complex but the author made it easy to follow. Agatha Christie is a gifted writer and she makes you feel as if you personally know the characters. It was easy to get engrossed in this mind-boggling mystery. In some Christie's many other books she uses the same detective but entirely different plots. You solve the mystery right along side the highly revered, French detective Hercule Periot in this intriguing tale. I would recommend this book to anyone with an appetite for a juicy mystery and would also like to recommend some other books by this proficient author. Also see: Murder on the Nile, Evil Under the Sun, And Then There Were None, and the Ms. Marpole collection. So, if you're looking for an intriguing whodunit and an exciting mystery, I strongly recommend Murder on the Orient Express.
B00008OWZC|5.0|Simply of the best live rock albums ever recorded.  Very few bands are able to tranfer the live energy and creativity from the arena to a recording, but Led Zeppelin does it very well with How the West Was Won.<br />People with a perspective and appreciation of this band, for what it was in its prime, will appreciate this.  If not, just retreat to the undifferentiated collection of Creed, Nickleback or the &quot;band of the month&quot;.  None of these will stand the test of time, so you might as well catch them now.<br />This CD preserves the live Led Zep forever. 5-stars
B00006EXL5|5.0|I've seen these guys in concert before and I loved them. So of course, I bought their cd. It sounds just like the concert (only without the fans screaming). No two songs sound exactly the same. The lyrics are deep in their own way and you can listen to the album again and again. I love these guys!!! If you ever get the chance to see them in concert, GO!! They rock, not to mention Gerard is really, really, hot! :)
B00008977N|5.0|I caught this concert on television a few months ago and knew I would end up getting it cause it's Peter, right? I am so glad I did. I have probably watched it all the way through at least 20 times. Am I obsessed? Well maybe, but I've been watching it while walking on my treadmill every morning for over a month. I still see things I didn't and hear things I hadn't caught. Tired of it? I don't think so. I love the music and the band is really cool and fun to watch as well as Paula &quot;I don't want to wait&quot; Cole. Oops, that was bad, sorry. (-:
B00005JLTN|4.0|The movie had great action, though i can see why some are complaining.  They want less talking, more fighting.  Personally, I liked the movie a lot.
B000002U82|5.0|Simply one of the best rock albums ever recorded.  Very few albums are a consistent pleasure to hear from beginning to end, but this is a rare exception. <br />Anyone with both taste and a perspective of rock music understands this.  If you don't, just leave Dark Side of the Moon to those who do, and go back to your non-melodic, screaming, untalented fare.  There's plenty of it to go around.  I feel sorry for anyone who misses out on this.  It's perfect.
B00005JKJA|1.0|A return to the Lynch-canon in the worst way: a bunch of recycled old motifs waiting hopelessly for a clue, plus a bugaboo round the corner. By the way, arbitrariness is just not art. With films like this David Lynch surely is a director for the intellectually immature.
B0000BWVCM|4.0|Not much of a fan of X-Men, but this film's not bad. Much better than the first. If you like X-men, then see this one.
B00008IAMD|5.0|If you like Johny Cash you will love this last offering. WHen he does a cover song her truly makes it his own. This album is definetly a great last offering from a talented Artist. Highly Recomend it.
B0000B3FCX|4.0|Just Kidding.  This CD started off on the wrong foot for me, because I didn't (and still don't) really like the first song.  It seemed really messy to me.  I couldn't get into the second song, until later listening.  However, when Someday hit, I was hooked from there on.  Every song after is great rock and, for the most part, interesting lyrically. So, if you were a fan last time, drop a dime for Nickleback.
B00000IACG|4.0|How they could leave out the live version of Sweet and Low that they played in the documentary is simply beyond me.  That part of the film brings me to tears.  Other than that, this is a great jam album, great driving music, great all around.  I prefer introducing people to fugazi with some of their other albums, but this one is definately beautiful.  Slo Crostic is one of my favorite Fugazi songs ever.
B00005JKC3|4.0|Ehhh... Not what I expected, and not as fun as Spider-man, but kicks Daredevil's butt! The director was dumb though. You'll understand when you see it. Die-hard Hulk fans should appreciate this. People that didn't like it thought it'd be another mindless action all the way movie. But this is more focused on characters then on action. There's action in it, but not to the extent people thought.
B00005JKZU|4.0|I was very impressed with the movie production.  The sets, costumes, acting, special effect were all spectacular.  However, they strayed too far from Tolkein's original story.  Although better than most movie adaptations, Jackson fell into the trap of trying to change the book to make it more interesting to less sophisticated movie goers.  He needs to give regular viewers more credit, and realize that it is the hard-core fans of the books, the ones that have been following the making of the movie for years, that are going to keep it successful.  There is nothing wrong with the original story, and modifying it only lessens it's impact.  All that aside, the movie was very well done and very entertaining.  The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is the differences from the original.
B00007LTIA|5.0|If you like prog-rock, heavily extended works, then this is the piece for you.  Not for all tastes, it's true, but if this sort of thing fits your taste, you can't find a bigger, better, purer example of it.<br />The inclusion of the two studio run-throughs on Rhino's cd is a mixed blessing. They are kind of interesting, but with the sequencing of the discs (three movements on first, forth on the second with the extras), you're kind of stuck listening to them when you listen to the full work. A minor complaint, though...
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This album is by far the best album that has came out. Maynard James Keenan voice is astonishing in The Thirteenth Step.  Weak and Powerless, the new single off the album, Blue, The Outsider, are just a few of the songs on the album that make this record one of the best albums of the year, if not the THE BEST. APC added two new members, Jeordie Orsborne White (formerly known, Twiggy), and James Iha (from the Smashing Pumpkins). They both add a very nice touch to this album. Billy Howerdel and Josh Freese, add their amazing  touches to The Thirteenth Step. Billy Howerdel once again does a fabulous job producing thjis album. APC's, Thirteenth Step, was well worth the wait. Can't wait for the next one.
B00009ATIX|5.0|I had seen the Russian version of this film six months ago.  I thought that was a pretty limp film; it certainly didn't live up to the hype it has received on amazon.  Ponderous and enigmatic, the film seemed lost in its own cleverness.<br />So I was intrigued by the new Soderberg version.  I put it on, knowing something of the story from the Russian film.<br />I was mezmerized.  This movie - which Soderberg has wanted to direct his whole life - is one of the most daring and cerebral pieces of cinema ever to come out of Hollywood.  It doesn't surprise me that many people don't get it, given the fact they have been numbed by typical movie fare.<br />The writing is spare - you are given just enough to pull you through.  You are never told exactly what's going on - you have to figure it out for yourself.  But there are plently of clues, if you look for them.<br />These clues are not in the dialog (though you could find some there).  They are in the photography, set design, acting, score, and especially the editing.<br />The structure and editing of this film is very unconventional.  Soderberg mixes the past, present, and future in a poetic fashion - the story is not so much about Cloony's character, nor is it about the &quot;planet&quot;.  It's about how every point in our lives touches every other point, past, present, and future.<br />There were moments when the hair on the back of my neck stood on end, mostly due to Soderberg's brilliant and daring filmmaking.  The only other film to evoke this kind of a response in me is 2001.<br />Bravo!
B000002MTR|5.0|Why are people bashing this CD so often? It's a great album if you just listen to it. It grows on you. I'll admit John Frusciante is more in sync with the Peppers, but Dave Navarro does a pretty good job as a replacement and the sound is different but it still rocks! My favorites on this CD are Aeroplane, My Friends, Tearjerker, and Falling into Grace. This is a nice CD to have in anyone's RHCP collection
B0000C7PRY|4.0|Musically, this is a fine album which should satisfy long-time Spock's Beard fans and the eclectic Christian rock crowd alike.<br />Still, I am even more befuddled by why Neal Morse left Spock's Beard.  As is evident here where Neal Morse is the lone ranger, up to the break after &quot;Snow&quot;, the members of Spock's Beard played his compositions, and were eager to create the unique atmosphere that is primed by Neal Morse.<br />So, while the orchestrations are perhaps richer in places, all of these different players end up creating . . . a Spock's Beard album.  Even Mike Portnoy's drumming sounds like NDV.  <br />However, as &quot;Feel Euphoria&quot; comes up short for the new SB because of the lack of compositional strength Neal Morse gave the previous albums, &quot;Testimony&quot; lacks the emotional complexity that the SB team invested and created together.<br />Perhaps Neal Morse has found God, but in the process, he has become more egocentric and selfish as an artist.  And while the music is good, this is a change that I do not find admirable.<br />The comparison to &quot;The Wall&quot; is interesting.  Roger Waters took an egocentric turn with that album that eventually left him working as a solo artist.  The self-centered nature of this album makes the lyrical content trite and banal when measured by the previous work of Neal Morse as an active collaborator with other strong artists.  <br />I'm still listening, but wistful for artistry of the calliber Neal Morse created with the guys he dumped for God.
0060194995|5.0|The Pulitzer prizewinning novel To Kill a Mockingbird takes place in a small Alabama town.  The book covers Scout's life from age six till age nine.  Scout is a curious girl who is trying to understand and see the world through her father's eyes.  You watch though Scout's eyes as times change around her and how her life and the people around her change with it.  Scout learns there are many different sides to people, what they appear as and who they really are.  Read and see how her views change about her father, Mrs. Dubose, Aunt Alexandra, Arthur (Boo) Radley, Miss. Stephanie Crawford, Miss Rachel, Miss Mauidie, and the rest of the town.  I liked this book because it shows after the Civil War how African-Americans were still treated wrongly, and how grudges can hurt you and people around you.  It also shows you how we view each other and how views might not be true. This book is a great book to read and learn from. If you are looking for a classic book with a great plot I'd read To Kill a Mockingbird.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I went and picked up Thirteenth Step the day it came out. At first I was rather disappointed by the fact that there was hardly any soft stuff like there was on Mer De Noms but the more I listened to it, the more I started liking it. Right now, I absolutly LOVE this album.<br />1. The Package-(2/5) This is the longest song on the album and its rather repetative for a majority of the song. It gets heavier towards the end. Not the greatest song on the CD.<br />2.Weak and Powerless-(4/5) This is the first major hit off Thirteenth Step. I would give it a 5/5 but they burned it out on the radio.<br />3.The Noose-(5/5) Probably one of the softest songs on the CD and my 2nd favorite. This song has WONDERFUL vocals and the music is beautiful.<br />4.Blue-(5/5) This is another of my favorite songs. This song is moderatly hard but the vocals would make for a good, pretty song. Reminds me of old APC.<br />5.Vanishing-(3/5) This is a song that mixes soft and hard. It's pretty good and it gets stuck in your head easily.<br />6.A Stranger-(4/5) A soft pretty song with just Maynard, guitar, and an orchestra. <br />7.The Outsider-(5/5) I really liked this song. It has cool guitar riffs and the drums are REALLY cool. <br />8.Crimes-(2/5) This song has lyrics but you can't really hear them and the song gets REALLY repetative. It also has about 30 seconds of just noise before the 9th song.<br />9.The Nurse Who Loved Me (100/5) My absolute favorite song on this album. This is a cover of the Failure song off Fantastic Planet. They took a pretty good song that sounded out of tune and put an orchestra with it. This song is one of the most beautiful songs i've ever heard and with Maynard's vocals, it makes this the best song on the entire album.<br />10.Pet (5/5) I didn't like this song at first but then I really listened to it and loved it. I could compare this song to Judith off Mer De Noms. Definately the hardest song on the CD. I love it though.<br />11.Lullaby (3/5) Pet fades into thissong and I gave it a 3/5 because I think the vocals sound funny. It's basically an instrumental. <br />12.Gravity (4/5) A song that reminds me quite a bit of Tool. Kind of takes you back to the old APC days. Soft AND hard parts on this song.<br />I suggest you buy this album. You should listen to Mer De Noms first.
B000002UWW|5.0|this CD rocks, it takes all the hits from the Peppers earlier days and combines them to make an awesome CD. I first got into the Chili Peppers through Californication and immediatley was into finding out about their other recordings. I picked up BSSM next and loved it. Then, i bought this album, thinking it would sound kind of like Californication and BSSM. I was wrong. They were a completely different band. At first i didn't like it, and the only songs i liked were show me your soul and under the bridge, but then it grew on me and i love every song. Among my favorite are Under the Bridge, show me your soul, Me and My friends, Higher Ground, Knock me Down, and Johnny kick a Hole in the sky. Of course, all the other songs rock too!
B00004XONN|5.0|If you love Radiohead you'll love this. If you don't love Radiohead, you haven't listened well enough.
B0000C8AVX|5.0|There's no real point to reviewing the artistry and music on this album; it's all been done so many times before -- it's one of the greatest albums of all time.  So, how's the remastered sound?  Well, of the four remastered albums I bought the first week they came out, &quot;Bringing It All Back Home&quot; was the clear winner in terms of sound upgrade.  The balance and clarity on the electric, full-band songs was tremendous!  Ditto for the acoustic four tunes that close out the album.  As someone who grew up listening to the original mono vinyl version of this album, I would say that this stereo mix easily improves on that, as well as the previous cd version, especially with extra speakers in surround sound.  I understand that, in order to make the release deadline for these Dylan remasters, Sony hired a variety of producers and engineers, assigning them in teams to different albums.  I believe that that has led to some inconsistencies in the remixing, but whoever remastered this album deserves a Grammy!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|&quot;Thirteenth Step&quot; is truly an amazing and beautiful album. I was afraid that it would be impossible for any album to measure up to A Perfect Circle's first album, &quot;Mer de Noms,&quot; especially after the band had to replace two of its original members. I was very pleasantly surprised with &quot;Thirteenth Step.&quot; A Perfect Circle has the ability to blend heavy chords with melodic vocals and intricate lyrics and still make it sound amazing. I strongly reccomend this album to anyone who is a fan of &quot;Mer de Noms&quot; or anyone that is curious about A Perfect Circle's unique sound.
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|I think that Thirteenth Step is more A perfect Circle then Tool. which makes them more unique then they were before. i think also being the fact that they have a new member or 2, that the band was more involved in this album then in Mer De Nomes. Granted it was a good album, but it was more Toolish then it should have been. The new album is softer and alot less angry. I believe the album should be bought!!
B0000C8AVM|5.0|I won't bother to review the superb artistry and music on this album, since that's been done so many times before.  So, how's the upgrade?  Wonderful!  The whole package has been upgraded, with a few added photos of Bob circa '75.  I'm usually wary of these digi-packs, but most companies seem to have solved the broken spindle problem, using a thicker, solid spindle, as in this case.  The sound is crisp and clear.  I don't have SACD or 5.1, but I do have &quot;traditional&quot; stereo, with surround sound speakers and this music from this album truly envelops me with that set-up.  I understand that, in order to make the release deadline for these Dylan remasters, Sony hired a variety of producers and engineers, assigning them in teams to different albums.  I believe that that has led to some inconsistencies in the remixing, but in the case of &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot;, the results were worth it and worth your opting for the remaster.
B0000BYM3K|5.0|I have been a hardcore fan since 88, so dont expect my review to be objective, 'cause I'm not when it comes to a Maiden release. What I can say is that Maiden is an honest band that will never put anything in the market just to please the mainstream-media standards, just as others band do. This album is sophisticated and with great lyrics on it, especially Paschendale, a song that puts Adrian as an excellent guitarist and songwriter. Title track is also a great tune, and Age of Innocence and Face in the Sand are innovative, not to mention Journeyman, a fine piece of art in which you can clearly sense Bruce's contribution. All in all this is an enormous release by the world's greatest metal maestros. VIVA MAIDEN!
B0000C7PSW|5.0|No, not really. This is brilliant music by a brilliant artist making brilliant pop music.<br />The difference here, from either of his previous CDs, is that the music is not as *predictably* melodius. The perfect resolution doesn't always occur with every verse.<br />&quot;Pretty Things&quot; is just as beautiful as &quot;Millbrook&quot; from his debut and &quot;Poses&quot; on his second album. The difference is that it isn't as predictable. That final chord to resolve the melody doesn't appear until about the last measure of the song.<br />I like this. On that song, as on much of this CD, Rufus is experimenting. He's already bored with making traditionally beautiful pop music and is now trying new things.<br />This CD is *marginally, by the tiniest little bit* less accessible than his previous CDs. It took me 3 listens to really, truly *get* what he's doing. I like that. I love this CD.<br />This is his strongest work to date.
B000001Y2U|1.0|Didn't Alice Cooper do this 25 years ago? Yawn.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I was really amazied that the band could continue with the same musical stylings and keep the tracks original. I love the scitzophrenic moods offered in the album; one second your on the verge of tears with Maynards voice, and the next second you feel like blowing something away with Josh's heavy and timely beats. Billy and Maynard did a wonderful job on composition and lyrical structer. My only question is, whats next?
B00005JKZV|4.0|I am not a big fan of this movie yet?<BR>However I felt that The Two Tower's was better<BR>than the first Lord of the ring's.<BR>The one thing I didn't care for was the creature<BR>called Gollum.He reminded me too much of Jar Jar Bink's<BR>in Star wars episode 1:The Phantom menace(Very annoying).<BR>Overall this is a very good movie for those<BR>of you who like action,drama and suspense.<BR>A must own for every die hard Lord of the ring's fan.
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|This is one of my favorite CDs! When I first started listening to A Perfect Circle, I kept comparing it to other bands...but the more I listened to them, I realized they have their own sound. It's raw, but not overwhelming. Deep, but whoever just sits and listens, they would understand why they are so wonderful. Just listen!
B00006F7S4|3.0|i listened to sea change when it first came out and i was underwhelmed on the first few listenings. i just gave it another chance and the results are slightly better, but still just &quot;good&quot;, no better.<br />there are a few good tunes and  several other typical boring beck quasi-country western wannabe neil young numbers. paper tiger is the best of the lot (even though it has been basically cut and pasted from gainsbourg's &quot;melody nelson&quot;. i am assuming he meant it that way).<br />the production is the best thing about sea change, which can always be expected from beck.<br />of course there is always the chance i will one day wake up and think this is the greatest record since abbey road....
0140431179|3.0|I only read the introduction and the story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.  I found out that the story was quite exciting. I thought it would be too complicated to read, but I found that it wasn't until I got to the last chapter. The last chapter had a lot of complicated words because it is the narrative of Dr. Jekyll, who, well, is a doctor! The last chapter did explain a lot, though. So I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading about scary things, like a doctor who turns into a mad man!
B0000C7PSW|5.0|Rufus's latest, &quot;Want One,&quot; is immaculate. The songs run an emotional and musical gamut with lush instrumentation and Rufus's characteristic complex piano arrangements. But, more importantly, behind this lurks a thoughtful songwriter and an impeccable crooner. This is Rufus's most emotionally available album to date, combining that post-production polish with the artist's honest, raw emotions.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I was dumbfounded by the simplistic elegance of A Perfect Circle's first album, \\"Mer De Noms\\" and have been eagerly awaiting the sophomore effort ever since. Step forward a few years and we have &quot;Thirteenth Step&quot;; aptly named in my opinion because I feel this band has grown by 13 steps. Everything is better. Production, lyrics, music, scoring, song order; each has matured and is much much better. <br />I was leery of bass player Paz's departure, but the addition of Jeordie White who performed beautifully, was a great move. Take a listen to &quot;The Package&quot; and you'll see what I mean.<br />Someone that doesn't get a lot of mention is the amazing drummer who has performed brilliantly on both albums. A man by the name of Josh Freese, who has quite a resume' under his belt and is a young phenom of sorts. Not to take anything away from the other members, mind you. Maynard, Billy, James and the aforementioned Jeordie are fantastic but it's this reviewer's opinion that Josh is the backbone of this band.<br />It's quite rare in this day and age where so much trash is produced and rammed down our gullets to find an album of this quality. It truly fires on all cylinders and is worth every penny you'll pay for it. You will be very happy with the purchase. For those of you without a copy of \\"Mer De Noms\\" in your music collection, you owe it to yourself to buy both. Trust me, you won't regret it.
0671449028|4.0|My son has had this book forever, but it's still one of his favorites.  I always try to make it the last one I read, because it's such a nice calm book.  And despite the confusing excercise part, it helps with his bedtime routine.  The other night he asked me why they had to \\"find pajamas, big and small.\\"  This led to a discussion about the different sizes of the animals in the book.<br />Of course, he's had it memorized forever and now \\"helps\\" me read it.  I will start reading it to my 6 month old now!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Once again Maynard James Keenan is responsible for a brilliant, inspiring album. Tool or A Perfect Circle, doesn't seem to matter, it's all amazing. Mer de Noms was the best album of 2000, and this is one of the best of 2003. The only reason I don't consider it the greatest of this year is because Radiohead happened to put out one of the best albums of all-time: Hail To the Thief. Here's how I rank the songs:<br />1. The Package  5/5        <BR>2. Weak And Powerless  4/5      <BR>3. The Noose  5/5      <BR>4. Blue   5/5     <BR>5. Vanishing  4/5       <BR>6. A Stranger  4/5      <BR>7. The Outsider   5/5     <BR>8. Crimes   3/5     <BR>9. The Nurse Who Loved Me   3/5     <BR>10. Pet   5/5     <BR>11. Lullaby   4/5     <BR>12. Gravity  5/5<br />Just because I gave The Nurse... and Crimes a 3, it doesn't mean they aren't good songs. Compared to the rest of the album, these interesting songs (Nurse is a Failure cover) look like childs play. Do yourself a favor and buy one of the best albums of the past decade. Pure brilliance.
B00006ZCFH|5.0|So far I've read some of the negative responses to Worldwide Underground and my response is the same from when I first listened to it, THIS is the truest essence of soul music, this is music for the soul, and people today are just not used to it. We are used to cookie cutter, sugar drenched, posse endorsing, push up bra songs under four minutes. This is one big, chunky, organic piece of work that refuses to be the next remake on American Idol. These are project rooftop, country backyard, Crenshaw Sunday afternoon black people songs... and I commend Ms. Badu for deciding not to pull a &quot;Jewel&quot; and staying true to her artistic integrity.
B00009V7T2|5.0|Guys, RELAX.  The singer DOES sound SLIGHTLY like Geddy Lee.  The similarities between RUSH and THE MARS VOLTA are more in the complex and non-traditional song structure (no simple verse-chorus-verse here!), the tempo changes, and the dynamic contrasts.  The way this band can stop and start on a dime reminds me of THE MINUTEMEN.  The rhythm section is stupendously tight and powerful, really amazing, as is the guitar playing.  I really liked AT THE DRIVE-IN, but this is in another league.<br />\\"De-Loused ...\\" is focused and powerful.  Let me reiterate:  it is powerful without being overly \\"heavy.\\"  The drumming and bass playing isn't slow, plodding and methodical (i.e, BORING) like many hard rock bands.  I would call it \\"athletic\\" or explosive.  Wait until you hear it ...<br />\\"De-Loused ...\\" is a masterpiece that gets better with every listen.  This is definitely an album that takes a few listens to totally grasp, (and I liked it on the very first spin) but don't let that last statement put you off:  it is easy to listen to and enjoy, while at the same time, it is challenging.  You just can't get a handle on the entire package in one listen.<br />The sound on this album is amazing.  I'm an audiophile and have been very dismayed at the recent trend to \\"turn up the volume\\" (i.e., record at a higher average level) of most new CDs, which simply DESTROYS the dynamic range and ultimately the fidelity of the recording.  Most of the (modern) music that I love sounds [terrible] on a great stereo.  This - on the other hand - sounds absolutely wonderful.  You can easily follow each and every one of the complex, interweaving musical lines in this mix.  This clarity allows you to really hear what the artists want to convey.  I just keep turning this up louder and louder and it sounds better and better.<br />So far, this is the best and most adventuresome album of the year.<br />BUY THIS NOW!!!  SUPPORT GREAT MUSIC!!!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This album is a bit of a contrast on Mer de Noms, but it is a very good thing. The musics' complexity and depth makes this a great album without Maynard. However, with Maynard it is simply amazing. His voice is entrancing and the lyrics are very thought provoking. If you enjoyed Mer de Noms, get this album, you will not regret it.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I was really impressed with APC's new cd, because I really didn't like their first cd. I was hoping that the first would sound like tool, and in some songs it did, but it wasn't the same. Thirteenth step is a much better album that really shows how good APC is The first song, the package is great, it sounds exactly like Tool. it starts out soft, and then slowly builds up. just like many of Tools better songs. Weak and Powerless is real good to, although the music video is wierd, but hey, thats Tool, and APC. The outsider, also sounds much like Tool, hard and heavy. All of the other songs are good as well. James is just such a good singer, probably the best I've ever herd, he is really why the CD is so good. I really recomend, if you like Tool, go out and buy this CD. it's like a new Tool album, just with another band name!
B0000B3FCX|3.0|I do like this cd, but to me its too much like Silver Side Up yet without all the catchy tunes. Someday, Figured you out and Should've Listened are good songs. But thats about it. I would pick this up if its on sale, or if you are a real fan.
0451457994|4.0|Comparing the 2001 of the book, 2001 A Space Odyssey to the 2001 we know, you can find major differences. Biggest of all would be the event of September 11, 2001. Reading this book makes you think, \\"How could our world be different, if we had or hadn't done something?\\" Like most books written about the future it's not accurate but it gives us an interesting idea of where we thought we would be. 2001 starts out easy to read and understand, then glides through the book in this way until the last few chapters. The last few chapters require almost a second read through and a few minutes of thinking to fully understand and enjoy what's going on. I enjoyed the sci-fi aspect of 2001, and the end. I literally couldn't put this book down until I was done.
B00009ATIX|2.0|A film by Steven Soderberg<br />After watching Out of Sight, Erin Brockovich, Traffic, and Ocean's Eleven, I decided that I liked Steven Soderberg.  I'm willing to give him a chance on the less commercial films like The Limey, Solaris, or Full Frontal.  While the trailer suggested that this movie was pretty much just George Clooney in space and something about a dead wife, I trusted the Steven Soderberg name and rented the movie.<br />That was a mistake.  I like science fiction, and I don't require massive explosions or special effects.  I expected Solaris to be a slow moving science fiction film, I just didn't expect it to be quite this dull and boring.  The premise of the movie is that there is a space station near the planet Solaris doing research on the planet to see if there is any commercial benefit to Earth.  However, there has been no communication with that space station and Chris Kelvin (George Clooney), a psychiatrist, is sent to convince the crew to return.  He finds some dead bodies as well as two freaked out crew members.  During the nighttime, Chris wakes up to find his dead wife Rheya (Natascha McElhone) in his cabin.  The movie deals with Chris still attached to his wife and Rheya trying to remember/figure out if she is, in fact, the real Rheya.<br />This is a slow moving movie, and I must emphasize how slow the movie is paced.  The plot did not reveal anything about the planet Solaris or the import of what was happening, so I wasn't able to sustain interest in what was going on.  I didn't see that Soderberg was hinting at something larger, but rather that the movie was empty of an actual story that made any sort of sense.  Okay, so Solaris (the planet) is somehow affecting things and creating the deepest desires (??) of the crew, but is it?  How?  For what purpose?  All things that I would expect would be explored to actually tell the story were ignored.  Even expecting a slow paced film, I was let down.  Steven Soderberg is a talented director, and there were individual shots that I liked, but I cannot recommend this movie to anyone., and there were individual shots that I liked, but I cannot recommend this movie to anyone.
B000005H7D|5.0|This was the first jazz album that I have ever bought and the first of 15 Coltrane albums.  I am no expert when it comes to the techniques or even the jargon of jazz, but I can relay what my ears have heard:  this is some of the greatest music I have ever heard!<br />This is the only *true* jazz album that Coltrane did for the legendary jazz label, Blue Note.  The story goes like this:  Coltrane was not signed to a label at the time (late 1956 to early 1957) and went to see legendary Blue Note producer, Alfred Lion, for some Sidney Bechet albums.  They talked about a record deal but the guy who handled that had already left for the day.  However, Lion gave Coltrane the albums and a little advance and Coltrane said that he would return in a couple of days.  But he never did and later signed with the Prestige label (the first of 3 labels that Coltrane recorded for as a main performer); he remembered later the talk with Lion and insisted that he cut one album for Blue Note, thus \\"Blue Train\\".  Whether that is the way it really happened is debateable, but it makes for a good story!<br />Getting to the music:  the personnel is outstanding as it is headed by Coltrane on tenor sax, the brilliant Lee Morgan on trumpet, the sublime Curtis Fuller on trombone, pianist Kenny Drew, and the Miles Davis rhythm section (who Coltrane was a part of at that time)of Paul Chambers on bass (who I think is the greatest jazz bassist of all-time) and Philly Joe Jones on drums.  The first 2 numbers, \\"Blue Train\\" and \\"Moment's Notice\\" have become jazz standards and the version of the old standard, \\"I'm Old Fashioned\\" is outstanding.  The rest of the album is excellent and there are even 2 bonus tracks in alternate versions of \\"Blue Train\\" and \\"Lazy Bird\\".  If you have a MacIntosh Computer, you can even see an interview of Coltrane from this CD!<br />There are several versions of \\"Blue Train\\" out there including a recent release of a Rudy Van Gelder series.  Don't waste your money on that version or any others; this is the version of \\"Blue Train\\" to buy.  Also, if you are afraid that you have to be a Coltrane diehard or a free jazz fan, don't.  This album is an excellent introduction to not only a great artist who had a tragic short career, yet brilliant one as well as jazz in general.
B00006IU73|5.0|I have always heard of the name Porcupine Tree when I started getting into the modern-day progressive rock bands, but I had never heard anything by them and was skeptical whether or not they'd be any good.  A few weeks ago, I bought a copy of their latest album IN ABSENTIA and was intrigued by the sound clips.  This was some really heavy stuff, yet further info led me to discover that PT were a more mellow prog band on their earlier albums. You would never guess that from the blistering opening track &quot;Blackest Eyes.&quot;<br />What Porcupine Tree have done on IN ABSENTIA is a truly remarkable achievement.  By bridging the gap between old-school prog. rock and modern-day progressive metal and throwing in some melodic pop/rock for good measure, they have created a totally unique sound.  There are some stunningly beautiful moments on this album, and some of the most intense moments I've ever heard.  Yet, it always remains consistent and the album flows incredibly well.  How else can you explain that the gorgeous &quot;Heartattack in a Layby&quot; is followed by the dark and punishing &quot;Strip the Soul&quot;?<br />The album begins with the aforementioned &quot;Blackest Eyes,&quot; which expertly combines big, crunchy metal riffs with catchy harmonies and stellar acoustics.  The song smoothly segues into &quot;Trains,&quot; my personal favorite off the record.  This track just might be the greatest pop song ever written.  The two solos - one on acoustic guitar and the other on banjo - fit in perfectly, and Steve Wilson's vocals are heartbreaking and emotional, especially when you read the lyrics.  After this great one-two punch, the song quality continues.<br />The excellent &quot;The Sound of Muzak&quot; is a slashing commentary on today's music industry, with clever lyrics and solid drumming.  The 8-minute epic &quot;Gravity Eyelids&quot; starts off slowly with some innovative ambient samples and soundscapes that mesh wonderfully with Wilson's dry vocals, and around the 4 minute mark, a seriously heavy riff kicks in and the band rocks out for the remainder of the track until the ambience is repeated again at the end.  The complex instrumental &quot;Wedding Nails&quot; is another rocking highlight, sounding like Black Sabbath and King Crimson jamming in the studio together.  Nobody seems to have mentioned the beautiful &quot;.3,&quot; but I think it's a mesmerizing, hypnotic song that conveys a lot of emotion through it's two lines of lyrics than anything else (one of them is my review title).<br />Unlike a lot of prog bands, Porcupine Tree's musicianship is used to serve the song rather than merely show off, but they still play great.  The drummer Gavin Harrison is an absolute monster, laying down some killer grooves and playing some pretty speedy fills, especially on the industrial-like &quot;The Creator Has a Mastertape.&quot;  The guitar work is also fantastic.  The tone and feel the riffs and solos are absolutely astonishing.  The production is also top-notch, courtesy of Wilson as well, who also produced the last three Opeth albums (guess that's what inspired him to have the guitars heavier this time around).<br />IN ABSENTIA is a solid slab of classic progressive rock and deserves to be in everybody's collection.  I don't use the word &quot;masterpiece&quot; very often, but that's what this album is.  Once you own it, you'll feel the same way.
B0000BYM3K|2.0|I love Maiden and was very much looking forward to this CD after Brave New World.  Since Seventh Son of a Seventh Son I admit I got a bit &quot;bored&quot; with Maiden but I still bought all the Cds.  <br />I know people think I am insane for saying it but other than the X Factor (Blaze and the dark side of the album were and are very much under appreciated by most people) and to an extent Brave New World, Iron Maiden's output really pales against their earlier work. Unfortunately Dance of Death shows to me the guys struggle to string two good ones together.  This album is like Virtual XI after the X Factor and No Prayer for the Dying after Seventh Son-  OK albums after you expect alot more.<br />Dance of Death has nothing new to offer.  Yes there are good songs but Harris goes missing on this CD, the sound quality is average and Bruce's vocals - well I don't want to blasphemous are just so so.  <br />In certain songs Bruce appears to be fighting with a wall of sound.  Maybe they are just complicating their sound trying to dilute three excellent guitarists into a sound made for the classic duel and harmonized leads.  I am not sure.  I will continue to support Maiden and buy their stuff because they are what Metal is about, but, in my opinion if this CD was released by Band X I suspect the reviews would not be as favourable.
B0000BYM3K|2.0|DOD's music, to me, sounds great as usual, but I have always enjoyed the way the songs told stories.  It doesn't seem the vocals were mixed well either...I can barely hear Bruce!  Hard to follow the song without hearing the vocals well.  I loved BNW and just saw IM in concert last month, and was looking forward to this cd.  Pretty dissapointing so far.  Maybe like an earlier review, I will keep playing it and maybe warm up to it...
B00006RU5B|5.0|Well, I donnot about the supergroup thingy, but one thing is for sure: this album has some of the best 'rock' songs that I came across in years. Grunge, alterna, surf, adult alterna -- these categories have always been kinda blurry, and I have been cautious not to dip my toe too much into any one for longer than I like. Suffice it to say, I PLUNGED into this one, right from Cochise. The course of the album may be a slightly bumpy ride, but hey, I cannot recall humming a song so much in the last five years as I am The Highway.  For every Bring Em Back Alive, there was a Like A Stone to satisfy my craving for really good songwriting, that much-elusive quality called the 'feel' of a song, the way Cornell sings his heart out. Morello has always been considered kinda outre, but somehow, his minimalist playing with stark, looming effects serve Audioslave well. The Soundgarden frontman had always thrived in dark imagery, and this band seems suited well to complement his songwriting. I loved Soundgarden, I really like Audioslave.
B00006ZCFH|5.0|This album makes excellent listening and is definitely one of the best albums released this year.  It blends soul, Hip Hop and Afro-beat together so cleverly, it is almost like a new cast of music entirely.  I must admit I was unsure about E Badu releasing a new album so soon after Mama's Gun.  After all it was never going to be easy to top an album like `Baduizm', as Mama's gun proved.  However, Badu seems to have done Magic with this Worldwide Underground.  It reminds me of what D'Angelo did with Voodoo.  <br />My Favourite tracks are I Want You and Back In The Day.   I can understand the frustration of some of the reviewers in this group; at least they admit that this is more to do with them being forced to spend money on this album for a change - unlike the rest of their pirated collection. If you prefer to get your music the decent way, there is no better way to spend your money than on WWU.
B00009RDG9|3.0|A gruelling stint during the Kosovo war gets into the head of an ex-army soldier (played by Del Toro Benecio, of &quot;Traffic&quot; fame), who then embarks on a random human-hunting spree. &quot;The Hunted&quot; is about hunting alright, but the poachees are not your average antelopes or hyenas but human beings.<br />This soldier's teacher, played by Lee Jones, is the only guy who can supposedly contain him. Incidentally this teacher has never seen a battle but coaches elite US forces in armed sniper combat (assassination). Sure thing.<br />Apart from the jerky narrative and a secondrate screenplay, the story is basically just that -- a guy gone awry while hunting, and a GoodGuy trying to capture him. No surprise then that the flow is very, very drawn out. Be prepared to see the two characters sharpening their own knives for a duration of 10 minutes or so. Benecio's character could have slain Lee Jones' character blindfolded, not only with his knife skills but also with his lame dialogue (especially in an interrogation scene where we are fed a wholesome 15 minutes of how animals should be respected, which, btw, has little to do with Kosovo.) Oddball Biblical undertones and a totally out-of-place performance by Connie Nielsen complete the production.<br />A sad waste of fabulous actors on a feeble cat and mouse chase marred by poor movie making. Worth a watch only if you are sadly out of other options, or have a compulsive disorder to watch anything with Lee Jones in it.
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|In 2000, A Perfect Circle burst through the repugnant sludge of nu-metal and countless other anachronistic post-grunge bands with their first album, Mer de Noms.  The album was a delectable slice of progressive metal, bringing together the creative nuances of several talents.  Billy Howerdel, former guitar tech for the Smashing Pumpkins; Maynard James Keenan of Tool fame; Josh Freese, drummer with the Vandals and touring drummer of Guns N' Roses; Paz Lenchantin, who would later join Billy Corgan's Zwan, and Troy Van Leeuwen, late guitarist of Failure.  The core of the band undoubtedly consisted of Howerdel's rich and diverse guitar arrangements, Keenan's haunting and often explosive vocals, and Freese's muscular drumming.  Lenchantin also lent subtle, yet beautiful string arrangements for several pieces.  The album was a menagerie of songs touching on equally diverse subjects, from the incendiary commentary on blind faith &quot;Judith&quot;, to the poignant &quot;3 Libras&quot; depicting the sorrow of being overlooked.  Keenan's vocals saw a softer, more emotionally diverse side on the album, rarely reaching the rage-ridden torrent of Tool, yet coming through in that respect in opportune times.  The album contained traces of the language of Tool in its use of haunting short instrumental pieces interspersed throughout the album, towards its climax.  Overall, the album was a breath of fresh air in a world of &quot;rock&quot; whose edifice was visibly crumbling to the sea.<br />     The band's sophomore effort &quot;Thirteenth Step&quot; comes three years after &quot;Mer De Noms&quot;.  Gone from the band are Lenchantin and Van Leeuwen, and joining the remaining members are former Marilyn Manson bassist Jeordie White (a.k.a. Twiggy Ramirez) and former Smashing Pumpkins guitarist James Iha.  Much of what was peculiar to &quot;Mer De Noms&quot; has remained the same.  Howerdel has created some beautiful guitar layering, notably on the opening track &quot;The Package&quot; and the near celestial &quot;Vanishing&quot;.  Keenan's vocals are much tamer on this record, revealing a more sincere and emotional side coupled with his trademark hint of despair and pain.  His wails are reminiscent of the late Ian Curtis of Joy Division during the height of their short career in the late '70s.  Freese's drumming does not reach the sort of cosmic peak as it did on &quot;Judith&quot; and &quot;The Hollow&quot; on the first album, yet it provides the album with a solid spine with its heavy snare on most notably &quot;The Outsider&quot;.  White's bass provides the threatening pounding that acts as the heartbeat of the album.<br />     Certain tracks stand out more than others, especially &quot;The Nurse Who Loved Me&quot;, a sincere and utterly indescribable gem of modern rock.  Also, the short instrumental &quot;Lullaby&quot; provides a haunting female hummer vocal layered over a foreboding doomsday beat provided by Freese.  There are moments when the album visibly loses steam, and the tracks are generally not as memorable as those on Mer De Noms.  However, this is a tight album, which continues A Perfect Circle's reputation for slicing through the murk of today's rock scene.
B00005JLD4|3.0|A quasi-documentary, this film is made with an intentional simplicity, and broaches the sensitive subject of governmental &quot;adopting&quot; of half-caste children in the hopes of civilizing them. It's hard not to feel for the protagonist, Molly, and her family as we trek through the Australian Outback with her. Sometimes we forget that movies can work without all the billion dollar FX and ego driven super-celeb stars. Very well directed and believably acted by all.<br />Yet, the sentimentality is a bit over-cooked. One cannot trivialize the issues the film tackles, but can wonder why the emotion had to be laid on so thickly. I had the impression they were resorting to &quot;tug-at-the-heartstrings&quot; stuff because they were afraid the film wouldn't stand up without it.<br />Good visuals wasted in a dearth of narrative drive or directorial poetry to make its wanderings forgivable. Recommended for people who care about cinema with a message but are willing to fore-go screenplay perfection.
B000067DNC|5.0|I received both Season one and two for my birthday.  I was interested in the series but had not followed it.  Now I am hooked!<br />There are some small problems such as a little grainyness or some pauses in some of the stories but not enough to really distract.<br />Storylines are usually good.  Not always predictable.<br />I watched both sets whenever I had free time.<br />I have already ordered season 3 as I could not wait for it to be a gift....
0571202284|5.0|I can't belive I didn't buy this book sooner. I can't believe I haven't reviewed this book sooner.  I graduated with a 4 year university degree in classical, traditional animation and this book actually provided more information than my college education.  I got it my senior year, just in time for my thesis. His ability to simplify exposure sheets is worth its weight in gold. This book put into practice will give any student a head start.  An earlier review said the only reason you shouldn't buy this book is due to bankruptcy. I agree. Wholeheartedly. I can't even believe you are sitting here reading this review instead of buying it. QUICK! BUY IT! You're wasting time that could be used reading it!
B0000BYM3K|1.0|I have been a maiden fan for years and I was genuinely suprised when Brave New World was released. I thought it was a well produced album with maybe one bad song. I would even say that Brave New World blows Virtual XI and No Prayer for the Dying away in terms of quality songs and lyrics. I thought Maiden hadn't lost a step after BNW. Then I ran to the store and bought Dance of Death. This album is a absolute horror show. There are maybe three songs that I can listen to regularly without turning the disc off in disgust. Anyone who says this album rivals Somewhere in Time and Seventh Son is dreaming. Those albums are masterpieces, this album isn't even close. Janick Gers is the worst performer/guitarist I have ever heard. I saw Maiden twice this summer and they played the exact same set list with the exact same speech by Bruce. I don't even think Janick was plugged in because he kept swinging his guitar around his back like a bufoon. This album is only worth buying if you collect Maiden Cd's. If you are looking for a good metal album, do not buy this CD.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|It took a couple listens to get used to (as always with other bands), but just like Mer de Noms, this album delivers nothing BUT beautifully written music, total ambience, and awesome progression and dynamics... A brilliant follow-up CD. Thirteenth Step is a wall of sound. You have both mellow and aggression. Maynard James Keenan, as always, sings with all his full heart and soul with haunting melodies and harmonies. The band is altogether amazing and tight. Bands like APC are completely refreshing to the falling rock genre.
B0000B3FCX|5.0|In 2000, I picked up the songs Leader of Men and Breathe off the radio. Since downloading music was barely heard of then, I went out and bought The State. I was completely shocked and fell in love with it, listening to it for months and months! Then, came the terror we know as Silver Side Up... tired chords, bad lyrics, overstrained lyrical patterns... an average to bad album. That's why I really had to think about getting the Long Road. I had heard Someday, and thought it not very good... I had almost decided not to, but my friend who also loved The State bought it and told me it was amazing... I was skeptical. However, for once in my life I had 20 spare bucks laying around so I went out and bought it. He couldn't have been more right! Nickelback almost completely eliminated their style from the weak tracks of SSU (with hints only showing in Someday and See You At the Show) but pioneered the structures of the strong songs. The outcome- a CD full of 14 tracks that never sink below the ranking of average and maintain an average of great to superior. I had heard some samplers, such as Figured You Out and Do This Anymore, but by recording them they took two good songs and made them excellent! I'm glad I listened to my friend on this one! If you're ready to listen to great new guitar lines, great vocal patterns, great drums, and some great bass you can actually hear for once in Nickelback's CDs, go out and get this. You WON'T be disappointed.<br />My ranking of tracks, best to worse<BR>1. Do This Anymore<BR>2. Figured You Out<BR>3. Another Whole in The Head <BR>4. Should've Listened<BR>5. Yanking Out My... (Bonus)<BR>6. Feelin Way Too Damn Good<BR>7. Because Of You<BR>8. Someday<BR>9. Believe it or Not<BR>10. Learn the Hard Way (Bonus)<BR>11. Flat on the Floor<BR>12. Saturday Night's Alright (Bonus)<BR>13. See You at the Show<BR>14. Throw Yourself Away
B0000C7PSW|5.0|Despite having not advanced into October as of yet, I can (still) safely say that this is the album of the year, folks.  <br />The opener -- &quot;Oh What a World&quot; -- may be the most impossibly gorgeous, stunning song of the 21st Century.  What you have here is Violent Femmes sneering vocal circa 1983, meshed with Tom Waits' soundworld circa &quot;Rain Dogs,&quot; meets Circus music (and that's a HIGH compliment).<br />Furthermore, the lush orchestration on all tracks is nothing short of jawdroppingly amazing.<br />This album is vastly superior to just about everything I've heard over the past nine months.<br />I don't care what Rolling Stone or Spin says, this is easily a 5-star album (and I don't grant 5-star ratings too often, either).<br />Highly recommended.
B00008J2DQ|5.0|This CD is really great. I realize all of Godsmacks 30+ songs sound very similar lyric wise and I wish Sully Erna would write about something else, but some how each time he writes new lyrics on how he hates so and so or how he wants so and so to stay away from him, or how everybody lies to him, he still, along with the rest of the band, make the songs sound great every time. Also, Shannon Larkin is one kick ass drummer. Re-Align is my favorite song on Faceless. The solo in the song is amazing. I don't care to much about the similarity in the lyrics, their songs still sound great. Godsmack seems to be the only band I know that can do that and still sound good.
B00005JKC3|5.0|Allow me to start by saying that I did have my doubts entering the theater to see The Hulk.  Suffice to say, all of those doubts were not only erased, but replaced by visions of grandeur and magnificence like I was in heaven or something.  For starters, the CGI effects of having a cartoon hulk proved to be a veritable stroke of genius, if you will.  As The Hulk gracefully lept through the desert 500 ft. into the air and crushed missiles, tanks, and helicopters with his bare hands as he was chased by the evil bad guys, I spilled my extra large buttered(if it is in fact butter) popcorn(the 3 gallon tub that you can refill if you run out, you know what I'm sayin?) onto a senior citizen old lady chick in front of me.  <br />She cursed me under her breath and left, but I'm sure she understood that I was just caught up in the moment of great acting and technology combined as they formed one harmonious synergistic whole.  I'd be remiss not to mention the undeniable fact that Eric Bana's performance approaches the realms of the sublime.  One word: WOW!!!(capital letters intended for emphasis people)
B00008H2LB|3.0|Linkin Park, anyone?  After a wildly successful debut album, the heir apparant to rap-rock's combustible formula is back with an LP for all the kids.  And although Linkin Park's &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; was lambasted by both purists and critics for not taking enough creative risks in it's production, the complaint seemed forgivable considering the fact that what the band did produce was good, enjoyable music.  In &quot;Meteora&quot;, Linkin Park restricts itself again, methodically allowing only tested, acceptable guitar riffs and chords to be played in their studio.  The end result is a disappointingly poor second album, devoid of any creativity or original expression.  The three stand-out songs are &quot;Lying From You&quot;, &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot;, &quot;Faint&quot;, and even these three are comparitively weak when heard against the stronger tracks of Hybrid Theory.
B0000BYM3K|5.0|This album is awesome and all the songs are amazing specially paschendale this song is one of the best songs i have ever heard and all the other songs kick ass too,the guitar solos in every song are killers,The producing is excellent so far the best producing for maiden albums so if you are a true maiden fan you will buy this album and you will love it.<br />keep rockin,and stay metal.
B0000B3FCX|5.0|I just bought the new Nickelback cd &quot;The Long Road&quot; and it totally rocks.  It captures the true sense of Nickelback and has songs that appeal not only to the younger generation but also 30 and 40 year olds.  With songs like &quot;Feelin'Way Too Damn Good&quot; and &quot;Believe it or Not&quot; this cd will make Nickelback rise to top where they belong.
B0000AGWJ7|5.0|I could praise this cd for pages. Easily one of the greatest albums I know of. Avenged Sevenfold began as a sort of novelty metalcore act with really catchy songs but there was something missing. This album brings the band to a new level of maturity and hopefully out of obscurity. To put it simply this is the Appetite for Destruction of our generation. With hardcore and all its sub-genres becoming a little stale and too many inaccessable bands in other areas of hard rock this album is a loving throwback to a better time and a bold step forward. The guitar-work is very reminiscent of Maiden, Priest, and other heavy classics whereas the song structure can take its cue from numerous sources ranging from the Misfits to Megadeth. The vocals range from the sonic screaming most often seen in death and black metal to poignant singing. The album manages to heap on ferocity and sincerity in equal parts. &quot;I Won't See You Tonight Part 1&quot; hails the triumphant return of the metal ballad so overused in the 80s and now nearly non-existant. Even if the word &quot;ballad&quot; rubs you the wrong way there is plenty of intensity to go around. All and all a top-notch album.
B0000C8AUO|4.0|\\"New Killer Star\\" is without a doubt the catchiest Bowie song since \\"Blue Jean.\\" In the old days it would have been a hit single, but not the way radio is nowadays..? \\"Never Get Old\\" is nearly as catchy. All of the original material is good, but the cover of George Harrison's \\"Try Some, Buy Some\\" doesn't really work. Musically, it's not all that different from the original, and Bowie's vocal is rather flat. The Jonathan Richman cover is fun, though.  So, is REALITY Bowie's best album since SCARY MONSTERS? Nope. But, it IS his best since HEATHEN : )
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Keenan does it again man. a perfect circle is a mellower tool but with the same influance. the first cd was good, and this one is just like it, good and to the point. lookin forward to the next tool cd if there is one.
B00000G3PA|1.0|This movie is perhaps one of the purest examples of producers knowing exactly what formula will draw in huge box-office activity from mainstream movie-goers.... A big budget, big names, and big explosions. The fact that the creators of Amageddon weren't &quot;big&quot; on the actual story or the characters doesn't seem to matter. <br />And why should they care? It's obviously much easier to make a bad movie than it is to make a good one. Why subject themselves to the extra stress? Just throw in some popular good-looking actors, and make sure the camera captures sweat running down the sides of their faces while the American flag is blowing in slow-motion behind them. Mix in a lot of pyro and loud music and you have yourselves a winner!
B00005KB9T|4.0|As with Gaye, many people associate Marley with romantic party songs:  music for dancing, for getting high, for hooking-up with a pretty girl.  Not that there's anything wrong with that.  But like Gaye, Marley produced a lot of music that was sad and angry but still beautiful.  Great music, but not party music, and most of the songs on &quot;Catch a Fire&quot; are like that.
B00005JKGV|3.0|I'm glad other reviewers have seen the same thing in this story - that Bill Pullman's character is in a kind of personal hell, reliving his murder of his own wife.<br />Just listen to the song by Hank Williams.  I heard for the first time a year and a half after I saw the movie and it put the whole thing into perspective for me.<br />I saw this years ago in the theatre, so beyond that, all I remember are beautiful colors, Robert Blake calling himself on the phone (and looking just like Richard Benson - The Avenger!), and a stunning Patricia Arquette.  However, I'm game for another viewing after these reviews.  <br />If you're just starting out with David Lynch, a good jump off point is The Elephant Man and Wild At Heart, then segue into the wierder stuff with Blue Velvet and Eraserhead (that movie makes me ill), maybe even Dune if that's your cup of tea.
0060090367|1.0|Like many failed attempts, &quot;Watermelon&quot; starts out as a quite promising witty comedy--Claire Webster's husband announces he's leaving her for their neighbor's wife two hours after Claire gives birth.  With her tail between her legs, Claire returns home to Dublin to pick up the pieces of her shattered life.  But endless opportunities to make this comedy truly hit home are derailed by less-than-mediocre writing and a truly insufferable cast of characters.<br />The problem is that we just don't care about the characters or the plot.  And I use the word &quot;plot&quot; very loosely--most of the action centers around Claire obsessing over her appearance and the men in her life.  Her family, a gaggle of dysfunctional, spoilt women and a put-upon father, are just as obnoxious and made me want to reach through the pages and slap each one of them soundly.  What was endearing in &quot;Bridget Jones's Diary&quot; is downright annoying here, as Keyes is nowhere near the comedic writer that Helen Fielding is.<br />Keyes' writing style--or rather, lack thereof--is neither interesting nor engaging.  Rather, it's more like a first draft in need of some serious editing.  Claire's rambling, fanciful asides and observations reveal that she is, at heart, self-obsessed, superficial, and wholly uninteresting. Keyes gives us no real reason to pity or identify with her, save perhaps for being abandoned with a new baby, which her family cares for most of the time anyway.  One wonders how a woman like Claire managed to find a man to marry her in the first place.  When she's not bemoaning the fact she's gained weight, she spends more time expressing her guilt over not caring for her daughter than she does actually spending time with the child.  I'm hardpressed to say who we should pity more--Claire's innocent child or the reader who would drudge through this throwaway book.
B00009XITQ|5.0|I originally went to see this with my family expecting an entertaining but fluffy type movie that leaves you amused, yet empty.  So was the case with the mediocre Hilary Duff outing &quot;Lizzie McGuire Movie&quot; not so here.<br /><br />&quot;What a Girl Wants&quot; is an amazingly entertaining movie.  It has people you will love, and people you will hate.  It has excitement, a great soundtrack, and great performances.  It also has romance, humor, sentimentality and true MAGIC.<br /><br />The leads, an absolutely outstanding Colin Firth as Henry Dashwood, is the uptight brit longing to find something to wake him out of the political career that has been shoved upon him, and bring him back to his more joyous and carefree youth.  By contrast there is the long lost daughter Daphne, perfectly cast Amanda Bynes who is the perfect one to do it.  Daphne is this exhuberant, sweet and fresh innocent faced girl who longs for the father she has never known as she has lived with mom Libby, also wonderful Kelly Preston.  Libby and Henry had a shortlived romance that was cut short but the reprehensible advisor that watched Henry's late dads political career.  Libby left Henry and found herself pregnant, but raised the baby herself.  Daphne, tired of never having that father/daughter dance, decides to run away to England and meet dear old dad.  Problem is, he is engaged to the advisors daughter Glynnis, an insufferable prig, and is about to gain a most snooty step daughter to boot.<br /><br />Daphne arrives in England and finds a singer as a first friend, Ian Wallace.  Encouraged by her new friend, she infiltrates the guarded fence to the palace and for the first time, father and daughter meet.<br /><br />To sum things up, the wonderful chemistry between the two leads is sheer magic.  Colin Firth has never been so wonderfully sympathetic as Lord Dashwood.  You have to love him as he is so convincingly flustered over his discovery, yet thrilled too.  Amanda Bynes as Daphne is wonderful and you have to root for her to win as grandma tells her &quot;They'll be rooting for you to fail&quot;.  Does Daphne win or lose her role in the heart of long lost dad Henry?  You MUST watch this film and find out for yourself.  No matter what your age, this film is one that will entertain, and touch your heart with characters you really do care about.  This alone makes &quot;What a Girl Wants&quot; a true winner in every way.e is wonderful and you have to root for her to win as grandma tells her &quot;They'll be rooting for you to fail&quot;.  Does Daphne win or lose her role in the heart of long lost dad Henry?  You MUST watch this film and find out for yourself.  No matter what your age, this film is one that will entertain, and touch your heart with characters you really do care about.  This alone makes &quot;What a Girl Wants&quot; a true winner in every way.
B000001EUR|5.0|Love At First Sting was the Scorpions' most successful album in the U.S. and remains their strongest album. Although Savage Amusement would chart higher on the charts and their biggest hit \\"Wind Of Change\\" appeared on Crazy World, Love At First Sting was their best album featuring their strongest collection of songs.<br /><br />This album features an equal balance of heavier tracks, catchy metal driven by memorable riffs, and power ballads, and most of them are top notch. The acoustic turned heavy rocker \\"Coming Home\\" is one of the strongest tracks and was the opening song for many of their live shows. \\"Rock You Like A Hurricane\\" would be one of their biggest hits and remains their signature song. The ballad \\"Still Loving You\\" remains one of the best of the metal era and features some excellent passionate soloing from both Matthias Jabs and Rudolf Schenker. Tracks like \\"Big City Nights\\", \\"Bad Boys Running Wild\\", and \\"I'm Leaving You\\" are all very strong, featuring excellent melodies penned by Schenker. The lesser known songs are also very good, particularly the anti-war track \\"Crossfire\\", driven by Herman Rarebell's hypnotic march beat and \\"As Soon As The Good Times Roll.\\" An excellent album. Highly recommended to fans of great '80s melodic metal.
0783226160|4.0|Animal House was filmed at Universal Studios and released in 1978.  It run time is 109 minutes; it was filmed in color and was directed by John Landers. It starred John Belushi as Bluto the leader of Delta house fraternity and John Vernon as Dean Wormer their archrival.  Animal house is classic comedy that is as funny now as it was when it debuted 25 years ago.  This move may not have started some of the crazes of the late 70's and early 80's, but it definitely made them more popular.  The two I remember the fondest are the food fights in every high school cafeteria inspired by Bluto's actions when he became a giant zit, and all of the Toga parties that took place on college campuses.  This movie also has the classic road trip in it.  Animal House is one those rare comedies that you can watch repeatedly and enjoy increasingly each time.  I consider Animal House to be a must see for everyone.
0688163173|5.0|Shutter Island, Dennis Lehane's latest and greatest, tells the intriguing tale involving a terrible storm on an island that houses expirmental psychiatric patients.  It is the storm that sets off a number of twists, turns, and unexpected pleasures.<br />This book is very different from Mystic River, which is a good thing.  Mystic River is just about as perfect as can be written, so Lehane had to go in another direction.<br />I couldn't set this book down and it was an awesome read.  I highly recommend Shutter Island.
0743244249|4.0|Cosmopolis follows a day in the life of one Eric Packar, a man who's very whims dictate his reality. DeLillo has accomplished with this novel what most post-modern writers strive for: a grasp of what the world shows us but doesn't want us to see. DeLillo has his finger on the pulse of existential cynicism. For those who enjoy the writings of Palahniuk or Brett Easton Ellis, DeLillo is where they draw their inspiration.
B00006CJOY|5.0|A great live album! One of the best live albums I've heard!!!!!<BR>Worth checking out!!!
B0000C23DO|5.0|The Grateful Dead would seem at first to have been among history's most anthologized groups. Every show, every note recorded most of its history lies on a record shelf or Deadhead tape drawer. Yet this reverently  presented Rhino/Warner Bros. collection, in the tradition of similar compilations for fellow 70s icons Cher and James Taylor, represents the first one-disc, multi-label gathering of the Dead's rare radio hits and beloved tracks.<br />Despite improved sound and some incentives (including trading cards based on backstage band passes!) it's a collection for casual fans or novices. It contains but one live track (\\"Europe `72\\"'s  overcooked Bob Weir vocal \\"One More Saturday Night\\") and omits several concert favorites (\\"Me and My Uncle,\\" \\"Dark Star,\\" \\"China Cat Sunflower\\"). It emphasizes the Dead's most melodic, accessible, concise and roots-basic tunes. It  also showcases the acoustic blues/folk/C&amp;W drawn from 1970's twin triumphs \\"American Beauty\\" (\\"Truckin,\\" \\"Ripple,\\" \\"Box Of Rain\\") and \\"Workingman's Dead\\" (\\"Casey Jones,\\" \\"Uncle John's Band\\").<br />Some non-Warner choices are debatable. The flat \\"Fire On The Mountain\\" is less preferable from \\"Shakedown Street\\" then 1978's near-Top 40  \\"Good Lovin,\\" or the ticket freeloader lament \\"I Need A Miracle.\\" \\"Playin' In The Band\\" or their solid take on Bobby Bland's \\"Turn On Your Love Light\\" might also have fit. But \\"Eyes Of The World,\\" and \\"US Blues\\" are the Dead's at its mid-70s shambling best, with jaunty rhythms,  endearing Jerry Garcia vocals and his superb guitar runs intersecting blues, folk and bluegrass. These two songs in particular epitomize David Crosby's description of the band's sound as \\"electrified Dixieland.\\"<br />From its start, The Grateful Dead were a sub-culture as much as they were ever musicians. (Conservative firebrand Ann Coulter's having attended nearly 70 Dead concerts speaks to this.) As surviving members take half their legendary name to the road you miss Garcia all the more. For better or worse, and as this essential introduction proves, he and his bandmates epitomised 1960s musical eclecticism and elan and any part of it surviving or squandered since.r or worse, and as this essential introduction proves, he and his bandmates epitomised 1960s musical eclecticism and elan and any part of it surviving or squandered since.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|... &quot;thirteenth step&quot; is a great way to follow up &quot;mer de noms&quot;. the album sounds perfect and complete and is a great musical experience... i would recommend it to those that have heard apc before and to those that havent. i dont understand why some say its &quot;boring&quot;. This album is not boring in any way(nor is their previous one). This is one of the most pleasing albums i have heard in a while...buy it! you wont regret it!
6302859204|5.0|As amateur pyrotechnicians, my friend and I were intrigued by the title &quot;Fire in the Sky.&quot; We eagerly watched the movie to see how the filmmakers accomplished this difficult special effect.<br />Lo and behold, it was actually a movie about alien abduction--and it's based on a (supposedly) true story! Riding the leading edge of the &quot;extraterrestrial&quot; wave of the  mid-1990s, &quot;FITS&quot; dramatizes the story of logger Travis Walton, who claims to have been abducted by aliens in rural mountain country. Let's give him the benefit of the doubt.<br />*SPOILER ALERT*<br />Now, most movies of this sort tend to dance around the aliens' purpose--which makes sense, since nobody actually KNOWS the aliens' purpose. What sets &quot;FITS&quot; apart is its flat-out depiction of what the visitors are after: they eat people. Travis is cocooned in a honeycomb (not the cereal) style cell, but wakes up and frees himself. He discovers the half-consumed corpse of a fellow abductee, and freaks out. He is then re-captured by the aliens and probed. That seems like an odd progression of events, but hey--they're aliens.<br />Of course, Travis escaped this ordeal so he could tell the story--which means we get to see some of the fallout when he tries to re-acclimate himself to non-probing, human society (I'd imagine his next trip to the proctologist would ignite an intergalatic version of a Vietnam flashback). As one would imagine, the trauma played havoc with his personal and professional lives; nobody wants to hire a logger with a history of alien-abduction. Interestingly, the film stops short of showing how Travis' life was improved by selling the major-motion-picture rights to his story.<br />D.B. Sweeney (&quot;the Maestro&quot;), Robert Patrick, and James Garner all contribute salt-of-the-Earth performances, and what special effects there are do a decent job of making the movie kind of spooky. I'm on the fence about whether or not Earth, and in particular any low-population-density area, has ever been visited by otherworldly beings...but I can't deny that it's fun to watch movies about 'em.<br />I just hope the aliens don't read THIS!<br />- cousinpaco
B00005JLT5|4.0|Roman Polanski's \\"The Pianist\\" is a hard film for me to review, because it was a hard film to watch. I am an admirer of Polanski, and have watched everthing he's made---right down to \\"The Fearless Vampire Killers\\"---scores of times. I approached \\"The Pianist\\" with a combination of intrigue and ambivalence: on the one hand, doubtless I would get a hearty serving of Holocaust horror and grue, which I wasn't looking forward to. On the other hand, Polanski is a master filmmaker at the height of his craft, and if he had a story to tell about the Nazi occupation of Poland, I wanted to hear it.<br />I wasn't expecting this.<br />\\"The Pianist\\" is not a normal film; it is certainly not a normal \\"Holocaust film\\", if there is even such a thing. And contrary to the way the film was marketed, it is not a story of hope, of redemption amidst the ruins, of a ray of light in humanity's darkness. Not at all.<br />This is a story of stupid, brute, hard-scrabble survival. The fact that it is set in 1939 Warsaw is almost incidental, in that the character of Wladyslaw Szpilman (played masterfully by Adrien Brody) could as easily have been stranded on a desert island, crashed in the snowy heights of the Andes, or buried in the bowels of some Stygian cave.<br />So viewer beware: this is not a hopeful tale, this is a brutal, harrowing, horrifying first-person journey told entirely from the viewpoint of its eponymous protagonist. And from the moment we encounter the pianist playing Chopin for the Polish state radio, until the closing credits, the camera literally never leaves his side.<br />With that in mind, \\"The Pianist\\" is the story of a young Jewish man's struggle to survive as the Nazi darkness falls across Poland. The story is set, and takes place entirely, in Warsaw, begins with the Nazi invasion of Poland in 1939 (with a shell literally crashing into the Pianist's formerly serene world), and culminates in the \\"liberation\\" of the city by the Soviet Red Army in 1945.<br />The sequences are terse, starkly filmed, often brutal, and mercilessly chronological: Szpilman's family, along with the other Jewish citizens of Warsaw, is quickly humiliated and segregated. One by one come the cold Nazi dictums: no Jews in the parks, no Jews in cafes, no Jews sitting on public benches, all Jews must wear self-made Stars of David on the right arm of their clothing. Ultimately Szpilman's family is moved to the Warsaw ghetto, and things quickly go downhill from there.<br />When the credits rolled, I was stunned, I was utterly in shock. I recall the initial line of \\"Moby Dick\\" from Melville: \\"And I alone escaped to tell thee.\\" That, for me, is \\"The Pianist.\\" Szpilman is nothing more than a brute survivor, his humanity is reduced by degrees, as before our horrified eyes he begins to die a death of a thousand cuts. And that, I think, explains why this movie was so maddening for me, and at times so repulsive.<br />It's hard to identify with Szpilman, this man who trades everything for survival, for the ability to once again play Chopin on his beloved ivories (and boy does he get his chance!). Adrien Brody here is truly masterful: I completely forgot that I was watching an actor on a screen play a role, and became completely absorbed in the character. It is an amazing role, but also a creepily unattractive one: Szpilman is no hero. The heroes in this movie get shot, burned, executed with no quarter and no mourners. Indeed, I became increasingly frustrated with this strangest of protagonists, who is both massively lucky and massively foolish; those familiar with the sequences where Szpilman fumbles with dishware and ambles out to Russian rescuers will understand what I'm talking about here.<br />Szpilman, meanwhile, survives---but there is a catch to his survival, and in it I think Polanski provides an antidote to an otherwise mesmerizing but nihilistic film that seems to whisper about the silence of God in a blindly uncaring, insane universe. And even more remarkably,despite my initial loathing for the character---my God, man, grab a rifle and get revenge!---I began to care very deeply for him.<br />Polanski makes a bold decision in attaching the camera solely to Szpilman, and it is a gambit that pays off handsomely. Szpilman becomes our eyes on this brutal, searingly horrific world; his ears are our ears, and we flinch when he fumbles with a cabinet and brings a cupboard full of china crashing down on the floor of his hiding place. Polanski has worked seamlessly with Director of Photography Pawel Edelman to create a totally authentic nightmare world which becomes unbearably horrible---and then, without flinching, spirals down into even more unimaginable horror.<br />The acting here is all first-rate. Particularly surprising is the excellent work by Thomas Kretschmann (an elegant German actor with fine poise who appeared, amazingly, as the Vampire overlord Damaskinos in Blade II), who portrays a German officer who---no, I'll let you see for yourself. In a sense, Kretschmann's character serves as the mirror image of the pianist, and puts a fine coda to the film. And while the film features the most haunting piano works of Beethoven and Chopin, composer Wojciech Kilar (who produced the astounding soundtrack to Polanski's \\"The Ninth Gate\\") returns with a haunting, moving score that serves the movie well.<br />I am not finished with \\"The Pianist.\\" It was not an easy film to watch; indeed, it was often repulsive and maddening, and yet I imagine I'll be watching it again. If you find yourself reacting in the same way to the film, if you're tempted to turn it off---resist!---stay with it: you'll be richly rewarded. It is a bold film, a masterful movie, and a film which I contend again is not strictly a Holocaust piece: it is about survival, and centers on the question of how much of himself a man is willing to surrender in order to survive---and after the surrender, what remains of the man? What makes him human?<br />One question continues to trouble me, though: is Szpilman changed after his ordeal? Is he a different man---or is he the same? Did he change, after all?kably, despite my initial loathing for the character---my God, man, grab a rifle and get revenge!---I began to care very deeply for him.  <br />Polanski makes a bold decision in attaching the camera solely to Szpilman, and it is a gambit that pays off handsomely. Szpilman becomes our eyes on this brutal, searingly horrific world; his ears are our ears, and we flinch when he fumbles with a cabinet and brings a cupboard full of china crashing down on the floor of his hiding place. Polanski has worked seamlessly with Director of Photography Pawel Edelman to create a totally authentic nightmare world which becomes unbearably horrible---and then, without flinching, spirals down into even more unimaginable horror. <br />The acting here is all first-rate. Particularly surprising is the excellent work by Thomas Kretschmann (an elegant German actor with fine poise who appeared, amazingly, as the Vampire overlord Damaskinos in Blade II), who portrays a German officer who---no, I'll let you see for yourself. In a sense, Kretschmann's character serves as the mirror image of the pianist, and puts a fine coda to the film. And while the film features the most haunting piano works of Beethoven and Chopin, composer Wojciech Kilar (who produced the astounding soundtrack to Polanski's \\"The Ninth Gate\\") returns with a haunting, moving score that serves the movie well. <br />I am not finished with \\"The Pianist.\\" It was not an easy film to watch; indeed, it was often repulsive and maddening, and yet I imagine I'll be watching it again. If you find yourself reacting in the same way to the film, if you're tempted to turn it off---resist!---stay with it: you'll be richly rewarded. It is a bold film, a masterful movie, and a film which I contend again is not strictly a Holocaust piece: it is about survival, and centers on the question of how much of himself a man is willing to surrender in order to survive---and after the surrender, what remains of the man? What makes him human? <br />One question continues to trouble me, though: is Szpilman changed after his ordeal? Is he a different man---or is he the same? Did he change, after all?
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I love this CD. A Perfect Circle continue with the making of great music. Thirteenth Step is truly an expierence. It's as beautiful and awesome as Mer De Noms, and Maynard continues as one of the best singers. Everyone should own this album.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This is being released in widescreen!  even tho it says fullscreen, the dvd is widescreen.  Firefly rules!  i loved the show.  cant wait for the movie!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Beautiful. Masterful. Maynard could sing &quot;Mary had a little lamb&quot; and it would be a masterpiece. I have only listened to it a couple of times so far and I love it (although I know it'll just get better and better the more I play it). If you love Tool and the previous Perfect Circle release, I think you'll really like this new one. It's soft, yet haunting. Like putting a ballad to a Nine Inch Nails video.<BR>Damn the naysayers, I think their music is a symphony of thoughtful lyrics, hypnotic melodies, and dark, yet inspiring music.<BR>Just plain beautiful...
B00009W0U4|3.0|There are a couple of things I really liked about this film. I like the way the director plays with the conventional notion of the \\"happy ending\\" and I thought the acting here was supurb. However, the problem with this film is that it is ultimately a simplistic story that is \\"spiced\\" up with some over-the-top violence. This is a revenge story that, if told forward, would be dull and depressing. It is funny how many of the reviews here try to justify the violence in this film as adding to the story. That is ridiculous because the violence here is sensationalistic-- pure and simple. Would the story have changed if the guy was killed with a gun instead of having his head smashed in? Would a 2 minute rape scene have been any less effective than a 10 minute one? Did the club that they went to at the beginning need to be an s&m club that is perhaps the most demeaning portrayal of gay men that I have ever seen? The answer to all these questions is \\"no\\". The power of suggestion is much stronger than seeing a human head being reduced to a pancake. This film is very juvenille in many respects. I did enjoy it more than not while watching it-- but, after reflecting on it for a while, I have concluded that it is a pretty empty and soulless film.
B00006X06U|1.0|my dog got sick after I played this CD. Is this a concidence. I think not.
B00005JLXE|1.0|I usually like superhero movies, but I found Daredevil to be just unpleasant to watch.  Almost completely bereft of sympathetic characters (maybe Jon Farveau's character was okay), poorly structured, not involving at all, and Good Lord, I just wanted to slap Ben Affleck's holier-than-thou lawyer across the courtroom for being so self-righteous (&quot;I only represent the innocent&quot;, he says...but it's okay for him to murder in cold blood...puh-leeze!!!).  Far and away the best thing about this movie was Colin Farell's character of Bullseye.  If you want to watch a good superhero movie, try one of the X-Men films or Spiderman.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|This is Rufus' best album, and his best.  Jaw-droppingly beautiful and mysterious.  Just get it.
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|I must say that after reading the comments I will listen to the CD again and look at it from a different point of view.  Weak and Powerless is a mind jolting piece!  Perfect in every way.  There are some other tracks on the CD that follow the same theme.  I did like the first album more, but this one is unique and it has a different sound.  Its not too different so that one wouldnt recognize APC is the group, but there is more variation in the music.  Some of the lyrics are disturbing, but its all around good music.  Have an open mind. I think its a great album and worth the money.
B00005JKNC|4.0|What a great film.  Didn't know what to expect from this film.  Darabont did a fantastic directing job.  Tattersall's cinematography is breathtaking.  Carrey gives his second best acting performance next to Man On The Moon.  See this film as soon as you can.  It just might bring tears to your eyes.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This album is fantastic. It's the coolest thing I've ever heared. It takes a bit of getting used to for a novice APC/TOOL fan as I've noticed with all my friends who now each bought a copy after I let them (forced them to) hear it a few times, but I loved it the second I put it into the CD player. It is incredible. The off-beats, Billy's guitar has a voice of it's own. Iggy's bass is awesome, Maynard of course is God, and James Iha is now in 2 of my favorite bands. I highly recommend this album to anybody who has some patience. Some advice, put this album into a CD player, isolate yourself, turn off the lights. That's the only way to hear what this album is all about.
B0000067L2|5.0|If your looking for heavy metals dim orgins look no further.But like Jimi Hendrix Cream ALWAYS have more important<BR>grooves in mind.The ubiquitous &quot;Sunshine Of Your Love&quot; pretty<BR>much sets the tone for cuts like &quot;Strange Brew&quot; and &quot;Tales Of<BR>Brave Ulysses&quot;-if you like the hit,you'll like those two songs as<BR>well.&quot;Outside Woman Blues&quot; and &quot;World Of Pain&quot; pretty much echo<BR>the Hendrix Experience times while the whole psychedelic affair<BR>is topped off by the awkward music hall-styled &quot;Mothers Lament&quot;-<BR>wholly facsintating if a bit heavy-handed.
B000002HRE|1.0|This album is just as bad if not worst than load because it sounds completely the same.No memorable songs and all the lyrics are extremely cheesy.How could the same band which created the masterpiece album master of puppets create this filth?This band has completely sold out and have become lazy because they probably think they have nothing left to prove.They are touring with a bunch of numetal bands and it wouldnt surprise me if they got eminem to play with them.Yes people it is literally getting that bad now adays.All they care about is money now and being on mtv.DO NOT BUY THIS OR SUPPORT THEM ANYMORE!!!
B000002UTH|5.0|These alternative rockers usually only dabble in funky<BR>rhythms when they can but here on their George Clinton-produced<BR>second album the Red Hot Chili Peppers swing into full funk<BR>mode,complete with Clintonesqe arrangments,JB guiatrs and horns<BR>and {cute} Isaac Hayes like raps.But don't let that make you think<BR>this has high lyrical importance-it's just four young guys having<BR>a good time-nothing more.But on tracks like \\"Jungle man\\",the hit<BR>\\"Hollywood\\",the beat-heavy tital track,\\"Brothers Cup\\" and a big<BR>handful of others this is one of the only 80's post-punk bands<BR>who succeeded in releasing an album that NEVER takes it's eyes<BR>off the one.
B000002KLZ|5.0|This CD is absolutely fabulous! I think it is wonderful! You should definitely have this cd if you are a Fleetwood Mac fan! Its that great!
B00005AREQ|5.0|Okay-Jeff Beck has made it through the Yardbirds and his own<BR>Jeff Beck Group to this debut solo record with another small group and produced by (of all people) George Martin.But make <BR>no mistake-this is NOT a Beatley record by any means-even it's cover of &quot;She's A Woman&quot; is a slightly reggaefied,vocorder-whipped funk version.Otherwise &quot;You Know What I Mean&quot; and &quot;Conspitated Duck&quot; are classic mid 70's funk excersises,&quot;Scatterbrain&quot; veers into heavy Chick Corea-like fusion,Stevie Wonder's &quot;Thelonious&quot; recalls his own recent &quot;Superstition&quot; and &quot;Freeway Jam&quot; has a very strong Stanley Clarke influence.See a pattern here?&quot;Blow By<BR>Blow&quot; has little if nothing to do with rock 'n roll and is all<BR>about frugaly orchestrated,rhythmic R&amp;B-funk workouts;all<BR>instrumental,all excellent.Even Wonder's ballad-paced classic<BR>&quot;'Cause We've Ended As Lovers&quot; catches fire.A word to funk fans-<BR>the first Jeff Beck album you should own!To everyone else stop<BR>wasting time and get it now!!It's his best!
034544678X|4.0|I've seen Trish McConnell on Animal Planet and listened to her radio show.  So I already knew I liked her and her dog &quot;philosophy&quot;.  The book is a fun read and informative.  It is not a training book, however.  You will not read about HOW to make your dog sit, stay, come etc.  What you will read about is dog to dog interactions, human to dog interaction.  From this information, she is able to give you insight on how what you do or don't do will make your dog react.  She compares humans to primates and dogs to wolves and discusses the similarities and differences between all.  While I was reading the book and after I finished, I found myself watching my dogs carefully.  Sometimes my dogs do just what she said, other times I see something different.  But keep in mind that I think she is often talking about dogs with behavior problems.  She talks about social manners between dogs.  Dogs do not approach each other head on.  I've watched this happen now.  But she mentions that dogs do not like to hug.  Mine initiate hugs, but I understand now that that is because they recognize that as something that I like and they are comfortable with hugs with me but not with strangers.  <BR>The anecdotes about her dogs are great for helping the reader to understand a point.  At the same time they are fun to read, heartwarming and brought tears to my eyes.  If you love your dog(s), you'll like this book. I especially would like to read more and I would love a chance to talk with and ask questions of Trish McConnell.  She seems to have so much more information to share than could ever be written in a book
0385504209|2.0|After a short honeymoon with this book where I was smitten by the unrelenting presentation of interesting facts and information in a midly entertaining fashion, I became increasingly irritated. Within 5 chapters I could predict the structure and conclusion of every subsequent chapter. The shameless manipulation of narrative to allow for more of the author's ideas to be disseminated became more and more transparent. While not as badly written or as execrable as the Celestine Prophecies of some years ago, Da Vinci shares the same basic problem which is that underneath it all, it is a mediocre book with a host of interesting ideas. On top of that is the problem that some of the ideas are whoppingly spurious. See other critics for some glaring examples. The list is too long for a short commentary.<br />On the other hand I read it in one day and it was an effortless read. And that seems to be the current qualification for greatness these days.
B000055Y0X|5.0|this movie was f'd up it had its funny parts and also some wierd parts. i dont know what makes it so great but its a classic it just feels right but in a wierd way
B00005B4GU|4.0|Is \\"AMNESIAC\\", a.k.a. \\"KID B\\" as good as \\"KID A\\"? One thing is for sure; \\"KID B\\" would've been disc-2 had \\"KID A\\" been a double album. \\"AMNESIAC\\" contains the residual tracks, which couldn't make it to \\"KID A\\". Hence, it is just an extension of \\"KID A\\". So, how much does \\"AMNESIC\\" weigh against \\"KID A\\"? What could've been the \\"disc-2\\" of \\"KID A\\", couldn't be far off from \\"disc-1\\", could it? \\"AMNESIAC\\" is as machine-like, as de-human, as alienated, and as synthetically yours, as \\"KID A\\". <br />This unmoving album starts off with \\"Packt Like Sardines In A Crushed Tin Box\\": a perfect track to admonish the listener of the hostilities following it; and yes, as usual, Thom does sound as if he is an alien in some Steven Spielberg movie. As if exemplifying the parody of our so-called `civilized' society, this song is followed up by a hauntingly sweet and melodious \\"Pyramid Song\\". It is probably RADIOHEAD's way of contradicting the opening track. But, RADIOHEAD couldn't carry on much without de-humanizing their songs, could they? The third song (whose rhythm Missy Elliot would appreciate of) onwards the album drapes itself with deliberate discomfort into a self-spun cocoon, alienating itself as much as possible from our evil planet and a couple of others around it. <br />The album progresses, getting more and more irritatingly illegible as it possibly could, and one gets to know the genius of this band. \\"RADIOHEAD\\" proves that they can be brilliant musicians, producing sounds, which seem as un-music-like as possible, giving a whole new dimension to musicality.<br />In between all the disorientation of the album, suddenly blossom \\"I Might Be Wrong\\", and \\"knives Out\\", assuring that \\"AMNESIAC\\" is an album created by humans of our age, not by the people of the future, playing around with their time machines, to get a taste of the primitive age of 2001. It is unbelievable how the band segues in a trice to real sound amidst their bombardment of surrealistic ones.<br />\\"KID A\\" wasa very brave effort by RADIOHEAD, something which they, or as a matter of fact, no other band had done before. \\"AMNESIAC\\", the follow-up to the astonishingly fantastic \\"KID A\\", doesn't conjure up that much of an element of surprise, since its offbeat \\"KID A\\"-ish sound was expected. So, even though it doesn't seem as special as \\"KID A\\", \\"AMNESIAC\\" is an essential addition to \\"KID A\\", surely not to be done without. Infact, neither \\"AMNESIAC\\", nor \\"KID A\\", seem complete without the other.
B00005JKZV|5.0|never has a movie left with so excited. I could watch these forever.The action is great. you will realy feel for the characters. I never have cried so much in my entire life. Wow is all i can say. this movie is super intense
B0000AZJXQ|2.0|I have to start off by saying that I loved Mers de Noms. I thought it was brilliant. That is why I had such high expectations for Thirteenth Step. Each song is quite good, but when you put them all together on a cd the overall tone of the songs make the cd seem slow, and dare I say it? Boring. Like I said, each song is good, but overall it's not too exciting. I still love A Perfect Circle though, and hopefully they come out with a dvd soon.
B0000AZJXQ|3.0|This album, while very good in many ways, was a let down. It is too dry and dull. It has the soul but not the vibe. It is the first thing that Maynard has ever done that i could say this about. Mer de noms is a far better album in every way.<br />This is basically disposition and reflection without the lateralus, parabola and the grudge.<br />And could people stop commenting on James Iha's impact on the album/band. HE DIDN'T PLAY ON THE ALBUM!
B000002KCV|5.0|I wrote in my review of the recently-released-on-CD _Old Ways_ that I liked it as well as I like _Comes a Time_. A minor correction: I think _Comes a Time_ still has a slight edge.<br /><br />So that you know where I'm coming from: if I were asked to name Neil Young's very best album ever, I'd dither between _Tonight's the Night_ and _On the Beach_. But by and large, my favorite stuff to listen to over and over is his acoustic material. (Not exclusively, but overall.)<br /><br />That means my favorite 'repeater' albums are _After the Goldrush_, _Harvest_, the acoustic 'sides' of _Rust Never Sleeps_ and _Hawks and Doves_, _Old Ways_, _Harvest Moon_, _Silver and Gold_, occasional songs from his other albums (e.g. 'Ambulance Blues' from _On the Beach_), and this one. (Oh, and of course _Decade_, which is where you should start if you haven't listened to Neil before.)<br /><br />On to _Comes a Time_ itself. I've had it since it was first released on vinyl; I liked it then and I like it now.<br /><br />It's mostly straightforward country-inflected folk. For most of it Neil is accompanied by the 'Gone with the Wind Orchestra' (led by Grant Boatwright, whose last name is consistently misspelled in the liner notes; they also play on the acoustic side of _Rust Never Sleeps_). Crazy Horse sits in on two tracks, though: the haunting 'Look Out for My Love', and 'Lotta Love'. The latter was also a hit for the late Nicolette Larsen, who sings harmony with Neil on nearly every song on this release (but _not_ on 'Lotta Love'; apparently they knew she'd be releasing a version of her own).<br /><br />I feel almost disloyal to Neil in mentioning that one of my very favorite tracks is the one he didn't write: he and Nicolette do an absolutely stunning version of 'Four Strong Winds', written by Neil's fellow Canadian Ian Tyson (of Ian & Sylvia, whose version of the tune you can find on their album of the same name).<br /><br />At any rate, the whole thing is gorgeous from start to finish -- even the unexceptional 'Motorcycle Mama', which Nicolette manages to bring to life. And if you read the liner notes carefully, you'll spot one or two interesting guests (notably J.J. Cale).<br /><br />There weren't any 'hits' from this album, but I think it's one of Neil's most consistent efforts. If you like his acoustic side and you don't already have this one, check it out.hich Nicolette manages to bring to life. And if you read the liner notes carefully, you'll spot one or two interesting guests (notably J.J. Cale).    There weren't any 'hits' from this album, but I think it's one of Neil's most consistent efforts. If you like his acoustic side and you don't already have this one, check it out.
B0000B3FCX|1.0|After surviving through the nauseating airplay of How You Remind Me and Hero, I was hesitant to listen to anything new from Nickelback.  Being a fan of their first album The State, I gave their newest release the benefit of the doubt.  Unsuprisingly the bulk of the album tries to cash in on the popular sound of How You Remind Me and comes off as another stale compilation of the same guitars, song structure and boring lyrics.  If you're looking for something fresh try Seether or Shinedown.  But if you still can't get enough of How You Remind Me, then here's at least 5 songs that sound exactly like it.
B000002LMK|5.0|Having just reviewed the so-mellow-you-may-not-find-a-pulse _Comes a Time_ (and given it five stars), I'm now switching to the other end of the Neil Young spectrum and reviewing this blast of sound from 1990.<br />Neil's albums with Crazy Horse are one and all good, but some are better than others. I think this is one of their best to date.<br />But don't even bother with it if the _only_ Neil Young you like is his acoustic stuff. I'm second to none in my love of that material. But unless you (also) like getting your ears shredded by raw, screaming, industrial-strength guitars, you will not like this release.<br />In fact, though, it's just as gorgeous as _Comes a Time_. Oh, you have to listen your way in, but it's like all the rest of Neil's stuff: put your head where his is, and it makes sense.<br />Why _does_ he keep  f*!#in' up? I don't know, but long may he run.
B000002J09|5.0|You see, before I heard this album I was not complete. Sitting back and listening to the beautiful lyrics of &quot;Going To California&quot; and rocking out to the solos of &quot;Black Dog&quot; were things that I hadn't experienced in my life up to this point. This album changed my whole outlook on music and what Rock and Roll is made of. My thanks to the boys of Led Zeppelin.<br />Keep on rockin' in the free world!
B000002O1P|5.0|I grew up in Florida and went to school in Gainesville (University of Florida).  Every DJ loved to mention that Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers were &quot;Homegrown&quot; music.  Even though the cliche was way over used, when I put this album on and blasted &quot;Southern Accents&quot;, the only thing I ever thought of was Gainesville and the South (no matter where I was).<br />The entire album is fantastic, but the shiner on here is the title track.  Cash thought so and so do I.  Feelin an itch to be in South, put on this album.  Now, if I can just get it back from my friend who has had it for the last 10 months.
0156027321|4.0|This book starts out a little slow, going into details that aren't necessarily needed.  I thought more could have been put into the end of the book as opposed to the beginning.  It seems like much of the religious importance from the beginning was lost after the shipwreck, while mentioned it wasn't given a lot of attention.  The detail in this book is amazing, the author paints an amazingly clear picture of everything going on around him.  The end leaves you thinking with its twist.  I don't think the book altered my faith in God like it said it would, but it was definitely worth reading and hard to put down.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Thirteenth Step, the newest effort from the acclaimed A Perfect Circle, has to be the greatest album ever produced..in history.<br />Thirteenth Step surpasses Mer de Noms in every aspect, lyrically and emotionally, this album pushes the limit.<br />I was struck with emotion as soon as the dramatic &quot;Package&quot; opened the album. From then on, every song impacted me, there was honestly no let down in this album. Even the song &quot;Crimes&quot; catches my attention. This album is brilliant.<br />If you didnt like Mer de Noms, there is no fear. Thirteenth Step is an anthem, a step in the right direction (Mer de Noms was, and still is excellent though). You wont be dissapointed with Thirteenth Step.<br />For every APC fan who has been there since APC first started touring with NIN (before MDN), please be prepared. THIS IS NOT MER DE NOMS! DONT COMPARE THE TWO RECORDS!I highly doubt anyone will be dissapointed with Thirteenth Step though, regardless of the differences between the two records.<br />Every song in Thirteenth Step is a highlight, there is not one bad song.<br />BUY THIS ALBUM!
B00000F6LQ|5.0|This was my first exposure to Monty Python, and has made me into an avid fan of all their work.  One word:  Brilliant!
B000000OUJ|5.0|When I first heard this album back in early 1996, I was amazed. I lost it and I just bought it again and I still played it almost everyday. This IS the best Wu-Tang solo album to this day. No Wu member can't top this. Fisrt of all, &quot;Labels&quot; is a rap of famous music labels. That's one reason I was amazed. The Genious makes this rap thing so easy. And the classic single &quot;Shadowboxing&quot; w/ Method Man is superb. I think this is the most slept on album ever in hip hop. Also RZA did an excellent job on the production.
B0000B1OE7|5.0|I had first saw the preview of this movie when I was watching Street Fighter Alpha:The Movie and I really had no interest in it.  Then when I was at band rehearsal 2 years later my friend told me about it.  He told me to rent it and guarenteed I'd love it.  I rented it and he was right!  I then got it for X-Mas and showed it to a bunch of my friends and they loved it.  this truly is an adult anime movie.  Watch out for a rape scene, a scene that was really unneccessary,more unecessary scenes and alot of gore and language.  In my opinion it should be rated R.  I hope this was helpful.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|In the fall of 2002, when Fox debuted this series, there was a bit of controversy. First, the pilot was remade because they wanted more action. Then, the network showed the episodes out of order. Normally this wouldn't be a major problem. But with the storylines that writer/creator Joss Whedon (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) was putting together, it became hard to keep up with the character changes. Not long into the first season, Fox cancelled it. To add to their already insulting treatment of the show, they showed the revamped pilot episode last.<br />Some great writing, direction and acting made this an excellent series. Truly a western in space with super special effects as well.<br />I am a bit bewildered by the choice to release the eps in full frame. As I recall, it was presented in widescreen format during it's all too brief run. Maybe that's just an error that will be corrected before the release.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Radiohead may not be pushing the boundaries of music, but they are pushing their own boundaries, which is itself admirable.  With Amnesiac, they have struck an excellent balance between their musical wanderlust and their ongoing love affair with sweeping melodies.  In general, art is at its best when it simultaneously defies and meets expectations, and this album does that from note-to-note.
B0000AMRJC|3.0|Over the top acting, fake accents, the fairy tale of the American dream.  The dream is to get rich, starting out poor and then ending up with buckets of cash.<br />In this case, Tony M achieves this dream by selling cocaine and killing those who share the same dream he does, making it possible for him to end up on top of the Miami drug heap of the early 1980's.<br />The movie does not make much sense and follows a made-for-tv- network style of fantasy, only with bullets that find their targets and words that slice and dice as well.<br />This old flick is ridiculous but the location of the Mansion in Key Biscayne is quite colorful.  <br />The film works best as a parable for the US dream gone bad, on steroids....er cocaine.
B00005JKJA|4.0|I guess I should say I love freaky shows.  Fight Club, Memento, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Basketball Diaries, Requiem for a Dream, Magnolia, Vanilla Sky, Eyes Wide Shut, Texas Chainsaw Massacre...You get the point.  I could care less about the twists, this is a cool flick.  I've only seen it once so far, but it's one I'll watch again.  David Lynch must be one of the directors from another planet.  David Fincher is in the same vein.  The freakier, the better.  I've never seen Blue Velvet, or the film starring Nicolas Cage.  After watching Mulholland Drive I'll be more aware of this awesome director!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|this is a great album.  i love the way the tracks flow.  i don't quite get &quot;the nurse who loved me&quot;, but i'm not giving up hope yet.  the rest of the album is as good as the first if not better.  i just purchased it so i am still listening...  but hey first impressions count - and APC has made a good one on me with this new release.  the band's new members do a great job!  ...and as always, i love maynard's voice!!
B00006ZCFH|5.0|I was really uncertain about how I would feel about Erykah slipping a little mainstream, but after I bought her CD I totally changed my mind. This is a CD for TRUE Badu fans. After seeing her perform &quot;Danger&quot; in concert, I only wished I could have heard it one more time. And if you listen to all of the songs shes was featured in (with D'Angelo, The Roots, Guru, and others) you will hear parts of those lyrics put right into her new CD. <br />It wasn't what I expected but much much better. It goes away from Baduism &amp; Mama's Gun and brings Erykah into a much more 'chill' environment. With artists like Angie Stone and Queen Latifah rapping it up with Erykah, how can you really say no?<br />This is just great. A fan for about 7 years now, I can say that I she's only getting better!
B00006ZCFH|1.0|I heard it twice and don't care if I never hear it again.  I regret the purchase.
B0000AR8NK|5.0|Bowie is back. After haunting us with the glorious zenith of depression that was &quot;Heathen&quot;, Bowie flails the hand of God, leaving the corpses of pop stars strewn in his wake. Underminer of plasticity, machinist of melody, laureate of lyric, he erupts upon age in defiance. This is one mean b-tch of a record. As the title track leaves the senses suitably charred, &quot;The Loneliest Guy&quot; will drown you in your own tears, a hallowed flood for the king. The heavenly choruses of &quot;Try Some, Buy Some&quot; will raise up your tattered soul to frothy clouds of the mystic blue. &quot;New Killer Star&quot; is a flagrant slap to the shock of the new, Bowie forever in vogue. &quot;Bring Me The Disco King&quot; is electrocution by jazz in a chamber reserved for the &quot;Aladdin Sane&quot;. Once again, with pristine elegance and naked raw emotion, this prince among men shatters the soul, and leaves you on the sidewalk, bludgeoned, battered, and begging for more. <BR>Ziggy lives...forever.
B00005JM4Z|4.0|This is one movie that lived up to the original and then some.  I was one that thought with the omission of Vin Diesel that this movie would be bad.  Although after watching it, I was forced to say Vin Diesel who?  Tyrese did a great job as the second man in the movie and Paul Walker did a good job of taking over the leading role.  It starts off a little far fetched with the cars in the beginning of the movie, but it gets better from there on in.  The only thing it did not have was a romantic interest.  Paul Walker comes close in a couple of scenes but nothing ever happens.  But this movie is not supposed to be a love story.  It definitely lives up to its title--2 fast 2 furious...go see it or buy it.
055357342X|5.0|For those of you into the series, and have just finished Clash of Kings, you're all in for it. This book is full of shock and some of the most tragic moments await you. No one is safe. I remember I read the three books in the series before ever looking at a review for them. And no doubt you will too. But just in case you'd like to know what's coming....<br />The war continues, Stannis was defeated, and Renly....well you know what happened to him. Robb Stark, Balon Greyjoy and King Joffrey still have not settled their vendetta. Robb lost the north, which is now in chaos. Even further north the wildlings are rising. There are a lot of chapters with Jon and Tyrion, with a lot of action. Daenerys is learning to rule, while she continues to raise her dragons. There are some great things in store for her. The end will leave you begging for the fourth book. By the way, beware of the Red Wedding...<br />If you haven't read the series, you are missing out on the best fantasy novels since the Tolkien. Martin is probably better. He understands people better than the Jordan's wreck of a series, &quot;Wheel of Time&quot; and its terrible contemporary, Goodkind's &quot;Sword of Truth.&quot; They have dragged their series into huge epics of meaningless words. With Martin there is action. Never has there been a series of such brilliance, perspective, tragedy, intrigue, realism and compulsion. He writes characters like Shakespeare, politics like Machiavelli and history like Tolkien. The dialogue is absolutely clever. Characters are witty, humorous, cunning and so realistic. Magic is very subtle. In the world of a Song of Ice and Fire, sorcery is a myth. No one believes it, but it is there. It occurs like a trick of the eye- not as wizards casting fireballs and lightning bolts. There are no main characters or heroes- everyone plots against each other, and magic cannot save them. There are no dark lords or true evils lurking on a dreary mountain. Not you average fantasy. But way aboveaverage.<br />In my experience, this is as good as it gets. Modern writers could learn a thing or two from            George R.R. Martin, a master storyteller. He's been a 6-time Locus Award winner for his short-stories, 4 Hugo Awards, 2 Nebula Awards, A Bram Stoker and a World Fantasy Award. A Game of Thrones, A Clash of Kings and A Storm of Swords have been New York Times Bestsellers. A Clash of Kings had a Nebula nomination and was #1 on the Locus Poll. A Storm of Swords was in first place in the SF Site Readers' Choice Best SF and Fantasy Books, and was in 2nd place for the Locus Award, under Harry Potter. But it was much better than Harry Potter, mind you.<br />If your tired of Jordan, Goodkind and Brooks, read Song of Ice and Fire. &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; is the first book, &quot;A Clash of Kings&quot; is the second, &quot;A Storm of Swords&quot; is the third and latest. I'm dying for the next book, &quot;A Feast for Crows.&quot; Its been over 3 years now...god, within all that time, I think a lot of people have read up. That'll make the 4th book one of the top bestselling books, when it comes, I hope.<br />Oh yes, I've read a BUNCH of spoiler chapters from Martin's readings at several appearances. Amazing things are waiting for us. Read &quot;Arms of the Kraken&quot; in Dragon Magazine Issue #305, a novella length chapter from A Feast for Crows. There is a VERY VERY VERY unexpected twist at the end of that chapter. It blew me away.
B0000B3FCX|5.0|Once again the guys of Nickelback have produced a truly outstanding record!  It is a definite MUST for you cd collection.  A++++++++++++
B000066NW0|1.0|You're great!! You say all the truth about this girl. That girl has bring up my friends like she wants to be (or pretend), the &quot;copy&quot; Avril (tie included...PUAGH!), and that's annoying, 'coz when the people looks al me they say: &quot;WOW YOU HAVE A LOOK ALIKE WITH AVRIL!!!&quot; I hate it 'cause I'm really a sk8er - guitar player - punk girl and I'm very angry with the comercial music like hers... I have only one thing to say...It sucks! 'Cause I have written 22 songs and I'm going to realize my dream...to be a REAL good guitar player and singer, and not like the singers that appears since 6 years ago, Jeremy and all haters...WILL CONTACT YOU? Hey there and... ROCK ON GUYS!
B00004TH6O|5.0|If music is hard to label, then perhaps it should never have a label. It's far too easy to call QOTSA &quot;stoner rock&quot;, it's misleading and to me undermines the work of such a great band. Josh Homme and Nick Oliveri, the driving forces behind this band have so much creative energy it's scary. &quot;R&quot; is without a doubt one of the best albums ever made!!!!!!! This is rock the way it's supposed to be!!!!!<br />Side note: Check out Mondo Generator.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Maynard Keenan strikes back with APC.  An ocean of passionate dissidence and hypnotic harmony.  Of course Maynards voice is intimately moving and Billy's guitar is magical.  As good as Mer De Noms or better!!!  Buy it or you have no soul.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Why do peeps always compare to other groups.  APC is APC. This CD is ASTOUNDING!!!. The first cd was phenonminal, the 2nd phenominal. I like EVERY song on the CD. Its like they took it to a whole new level, but kept that same APC sound.  To date, I have played it a total of 28 times in a row, thats just me though, I have to listnen to it in all my different phases of life..ie...the car when i buy it, at work, when Im in an altered state, he..he, when i wake up, go to sleep, etc.  And, each time i listnen, i am more amazed at the guitars, the drums, and Mayards voice..ooh jeez! I really wanted to get insight on this cd b4 it came out by listnening to the satellite cd primere, but kept missing the show...darn!  Guess i dont need it now, because i know that APC is still the sh@t!!!!!<br />Everybody, when you critique a new cd, dont compare!  its tacky! conform opinion on THE MUSIC, THE ARTIST..NOT WHO &quot;you think&quot; THEY SOUND LIKE!!!!!!!!
0385504209|5.0|This was an excellent book that was very difficult to put down when started. A fascinating read with lots of twists and turns of a classic chase, but also so much information about so many aspects of religion. Fascinating. And I am not a religious nut. I would not normally pick up a book for that reason, but this book taught me something about religion while being incredibly easy to read, and couched in an excellent chase.<br />BUY IT - end of discussion
B00008G9JO|4.0|Until recently, I had never thought much of Jethro Tull's 1978 effort, &quot;Heavy Horses.&quot; Only the 9-minute title track had ever really stuck in my head; the rest of the album pretty much went in one ear and out the other. I now confess that I was very wrong. Listening to this wonderful new remastered version, which brings out a new richness to the songs that I hadn't heard before, I now stand *highly* corrected. &quot;Heavy Horses&quot; is an excellent Tull album. Even more earthier-sounding than it's predecessor, &quot;Songs From The Wood,&quot; and continuing the band's musical exploration of living in the English countryside, Ian Anderson &amp; the boys work more musical magic with such fine Tull songs as &quot;The Mouse Police Never Sleeps,&quot; &quot;Acres Wild,&quot; &quot;Moths,&quot; &quot;Journeyman,&quot; &quot;Rover,&quot; and the aforementioned title suite. The band sound great, the production is sparkling, and Anderson's vocals are strong. Sometimes an album just doesn't hit you over the head on the first listen, but you can still warm up to it over time, and hear something special in it that you hadn't heard before. That was certainly the case with me and Jethro Tull's &quot;Heavy Horses.&quot; It's a great Tull disc--it just took me a while to realize it. Better late than never!
B000002KDG|5.0|I consider this album an essential Neil Young masterpiece. Someone here suggested \\"Live Rust\\" as a better choice, which is also a great album to listen to, but in the perspective of Neil's entire oeuvre, this has the edge over it as a solid collection of original-release material. \\"Live Rust\\" is certainly an excellent single-purchase starting point for new fans, and both albums are vital documents of Neil's talent. <br />However, I am curious as to the setting of \\"Powderfinger\\". Someone here claims it's about a Native American defending his home, but it isn't clear to me from the lyrics that the protagonist is Native American. \\"Big John\\" and \\"Emmy Lou\\" don't sound like typical Native American names to me, though anything's possible. The song certainly suggests 19th century America, but it's not clear why the young man's home is being attacked. It could as easily be about an obscure Civil War incident, or even a backwoods moonshiner bust. There is a detailed discussion over this song on the HyperRust fan website, and apparently Neil himself has little to contribute regarding the exact meaning of the lyrics, admitting it just \\"came to him\\". Ah well, that's the nature of true artistic inspiration!
0451204530|4.0|Ken Folletts novel is set in the time of the Cold War. Just in  time where the US and Russia start their race to explore the space. <BR>The book starts when a man wakes up in a public restroom, dressed in rags, terribly hungover and without a clue how hes got there. In the next hours he finds out that he is an important rocket scientist...but still he doesnt know how hes lost his memory. Then it comes to mind that someone made him lose his memory as he might know more than hes allowed to. With the help of some friends he finds out that hes involved into a big conspiracy, which threatens his life.<BR>Folletts book is interesting, well-written and fun to read. Nevertheless a big minus of &quot;Code to Zero&quot; are the strange coincidences that are sometimes hard to believe. Not too good is also the end that simply doesnt keep up with the high quality of the rest of the novel. But I have to say that these things are less important...&quot;Code to Zero&quot; is a good book and definitely worth reading.
B00009W0U4|5.0|Being a lover of unique and out of hand movies that prolong the need to artify and influence modern cinema, Irreversible is quite, one of the most a van-gard aggresive films of the past 10 years. Its dearness to expand the visions of the imagination is quite franctly, an awaking of the new french (and the world!) film noir era. Masterfully excuted by the great young filmmaker Gaspar Noe and featuring a unique and somehow, never seen before comera operation method, that aptent to make the viewer believe that the whole movie was made in one long and continuos shot, proves that intelligent filmmaking is not just a good or diferent script, but that could also be achived with interesting/ingenious cinematography and versatile camera acrobatics. Other people that has review the film here, has complained that the cinematography and the camera operation is un-cinematic, i disagree completly on that. The film was shot a very complex way trying to imitate a vortex or a maze ad even more confusion to the fusion. What is so uncinemathic about it. I rather watch this film a thounsan times than many of the other new films that feaure the same boring camera effects trying to copy those &quot;classic&quot; ( like many people will argue) tricks brought by the Matrix trilogy. For me, the definition of being un-cinemathic is NOT DEARING to change or add new ideas to art. <br />The memento thing is true. The film starts with the credits and ends on the title, the same way as the film. It stars horrendously, yet beautifully confusing and ends up in one of the must poetic and artistic shots in recent memory. The use of color in the film is just amazing!!!<br />The first half of the film is strong, quite disgusting, shoking and incredibly disturbing, so purchase with discresion. Being a lover of strong and disturbing films like The Audition, Red to Kill, The untold story, Baise moi and lotz of ultra gory, deranged and explotation classics, I could say that I have seen it all and that Ihave the stomach and the brain to sit through any &quot;disturbing&quot; film, but I have to admit that the first half of this film is hard to watch, but at the same time is simply amazing.<br />Irreversible is irreplacesable!
B0000C8AVR|5.0|Why do you knock musicians you know nothing about?  Make a list of the top ten songwriters of all time, and Bob Dylan will rank pretty high up there.  Ask anybody who truly knows music.  And his staying power is unequalled, as he has been making music for over 40 years.  The fact that you compare him to the likes of Phish, DMB, and John Mayer (who are all excellent bands as well) shows you know nothing.  Stick with Limp Bizkit and Justin Timberlake (who is a talentless hack) and stop knocking the legends.  Justin can't even write a song.  By the way, Vanilla Ice?  Are you kidding?<br />Do us all a favor and keep your comments to yourself.  These message boards are meant to help people who are buying the CD, not to blast the musicians.
B0000AGQ6Z|4.0|One of David Lean's finest films, Lawrence of Arabia finally looks pretty good on DVD. You'll notice I said pretty good not exceptional or excellent or even outstanding. Why is that? Edge enhancement has become an issue with many DVDs. With this transfer it's no exception. There is an excessive amount of halos and a shimmering like effect that you see with edge enhancement. This is distracting for many folks.<br />Sometimes Columbia gets it right and sometimes they get it wrong. There have been a couple of Superbit DVDs that are outstanding and have minimal or no edge enhancement visible. While restoration expert Robert Harris is to be applauded for his efforts in improving this transfer, it appears that a number of short cuts were taken (probably not by Harris although if it was one has to question why). To give this edition of Lawrence its due, this is probably the sharpest, most vivid transfer I've seen of Lawrence and it bests the Laserdisc edition as well. Considering the magic that Robert Harris worked (a decade plus after he helped restore it)with the original material and the nice job of color balancing, adjustments, etc. that was done, it's a pity this isn't closer to perfection.<br />If none of this is valuable to you and you aren't looking to purchase a Superbit Edition but a regular single disc edition, by all means read the review for that item. It's a solid transfer and looks good if you don't notice edge enchancements or issues with how sharp the resolution or how accurate the color might be.<br />No need to recap the plot but I'd like to point out that Peter O'Toole is still stunning in the title role. With a supporting cast consisting of Claude Rains, Jack Hawkins, Omar Shariff, Alec Guiness and others, that's no small feat. Like the role Michael Rennie played in The Day The Earth Stood Still, O'Toole came to be defined to some extent by this role. It didn't limit his abilities as an actor, however, because the studio system didn't exist to exert its constraints on him as an actor.<br />A couple of other minor complaints; 1) Why didn't Columbia do away with the Intermission. Yes, the music is glorius but why not include the music as the only supplement at the end of the disc? This wouldn't have taken any more disc space than the Intermission does now. Since this is broken up over two discs, the intermission is unnecessary. It's much like the roadshow overture; it's not something that most fans of the film are going to sit through every single time. Again, I would have put the three minute overture as an option vs. having it pasted at the front where you have to fast forward through it every single time.<br />With all the extra money spent on this disc would it have hurt Columbia to include a third disc with special features? A documentary on the original restoration would have been nice as would a documentary on T. E. Lawrence (I'm sure I remember that Biography ran one so it would be available to license). If these Superbit editions are going to be treated as the deluxe edition, why not include some deluxe extras? These are minor points to be sure, but if you're going to pony up for another edition of a film you've already purchased, why not get some extra value beyond the enhanced film?<br />For those that are interested there are two other versions of Lawrence avaiable on DVD. The single disc has the entire film with no extras (that I recall), while the double disc edition does feature many extras that are worthwhile and it has a collectable case, booklet, etc. The former runs about $10.00 less than this edition, while the latter is comparable in cost.s constraints on him as an actor. <br />A couple of other minor complaints; 1) Why didn't Columbia do away with the Intermission. Yes, the music is glorius but why not include the music as the only supplement at the end of the disc? This wouldn't have taken any more disc space than the Intermission does now. Since this is broken up over two discs, the intermission is unnecessary. It's much like the roadshow overture; it's not something that most fans of the film are going to sit through every single time. Again, I would have put the three minute overture as an option vs. having it pasted at the front where you have to fast forward through it every single time.<br />With all the extra money spent on this disc would it have hurt Columbia to include a third disc with special features? A documentary on the original restoration would have been nice as would a documentary on T. E. Lawrence (I'm sure I remember that Biography ran one so it would be available to license). If these Superbit editions are going to be treated as the deluxe edition, why not include some deluxe extras? These are minor points to be sure, but if you're going to pony up for another edition of a film you've already purchased, why not get some extra value beyond the enhanced film?<br />For those that are interested there are two other versions of Lawrence avaiable on DVD. The single disc has the entire film with no extras (that I recall), while the double disc edition does feature many extras that are worthwhile and it has a collectable case, booklet, etc. The former runs about $10.00 less than this edition, while the latter is comparable in cost.
B0000C8AVX|4.0|Hey Cranky Reviewer - How can you possibly compare Bob Dylan to Justin Timberlake?  That's like comparing the Grateful Dead to Limp Bizkit or the Rolling Stones to Korn - it makes absolutley no sense.  If you don't like Bob Dylan just say so and get on with it, but don't compare apples and oranges.  Further, Bob Dylan is so revered - and rightfully so - because he is one of the best songwriters  ever, regardles of genre.  This is an undisputed fact.  What has Justin Timberlake written lately?
B00005QJDG|5.0|No kidding!!!!! This album left me absolutely speechless. Do yourself a favor and buy this album. YOU WONT REGRET IT!!!!!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|i am here to review the new perfect circle. Right off the bat i have to say that it is a brilliant cd.  Almost as good as tool but not as good.  I love maynard on this record it shows that he is a diverse singer and that he can sing in any vocal range.  I also i think this is a concept album but u may disagree.  Either way please go pick this album up if you know anything about good music.
0345440900|1.0|I am a mother of a 5 month old and read this book when my baby was 3 weeks old. I wish I would have never read this book. It has some good hints but her &quot;E.A.S.Y.&quot; program is absolutely ridiculous for babies under 3 months old. Babies under that age do NOT need a schedule. They need to be fed on demand. A baby should never have to wait 2 1/2 to 3 hours between feedings which is according to her the amount of time a baby can hold out just to stay on her silly schedule. Mothers listen to you heart and maternal instincts. This book makes you go against them. For example she suggests not nursing your baby to sleep for naps or bedtime. How ridiulous! Nursing your baby was designed specifically for these times. Ever since I went off her scheduled program my baby has cut his crying down by 90% (especially around nap and bedtimes).<br />I suggest reading the book for some hints about infant massage and such but if you pass this book over it would be no tragedy.
B00007BH5C|5.0|I loved this cd and actually play it more often than the Fellowship cd. I love the soundtracks throughout Rohan and especially love the the Helm's Deep track. It, like the whole cd, is very powerful. Unlike most of the reviews I've read, I throughly enjoyed Gollum's song and thought it if not equal to than better than Enya's song on the first soundtrack. Unusual, eerie, and beautifully sad, it fits Gollum and this whole cd as a whole.
B00000DREB|4.0|I bought this on cassette back in 1991 when it was first released, and just purchaced it used on CD. I can say it's still just as good as I remember....<br />These guys were one of the most overlooked Death/Thrash Metal bands around. The music here is furious, and very brutal. It's also a very polished sound, and everything fits together very nicely. The guitars solos are mostly melodic in nature, and the riffs are some of the best you'll hear....<br />If you're interested in hearing one of the best Death/Thrash Metal bands that came out in the early 90's, this is the CD you've been searching for.....<br />It's almost impossible to find new, so if you get a chance to buy one used, don't hesitate. It's a masterpiece that was highly regarded as one of the best CD's of it's time. It's a shame it's now out of stock...<br />.44 Caliber Brain Surgery!!!!
B00005RHGK|3.0|Victor Salva (Powder) wrote and directed this surprise 2001 horror hit in which two teen siblings (Gina Philips and Justin Long) come across an ancient flesh eating demon who feasts every 23rd spring, and naturally, both of them are next on the menu.  What could have been another modern day teeniebopper horror fest manages to be tenion fueled (the opening truck chase nicely sets the tone), but Jeepers Creepers fails to live up to it's full potential.  Horror vets will appreciate the heart that Salva and co. had in making the film (which despite it's small budget manages to shine more than some big budget horror films a la the last Halloween movie), but don't expect anything really special from it.  Godfather trilogy director Francis Ford Coppola served as a co-executive producer of the film.
B00008LDPV|4.0|....First of all , i'm writing this review cuz i did enjoy that movie..and certainly that means i'd recommend it for you people to see . <BR>so, The Animatrix was released parallel to the Matrix Reloaded ...it's an Animation movie made of 9 Chapters All separated from each other.each has it's own style of drawings and animation .accept for 2 chapters..<BR>THe Plot or the motive for the events of the Matrix reloaded is found in the Animatrix's first chapter..(the last flight of osiris )..as the machines are found to be digging 4000 meters above Zion ( the home of revolutionists ) to reach them..and it happened that Osiris which is another Craft like that in matrix ( nubukhadnasser ) has reported it before it crashes..which leads us to matrix reloaded..also a young man who newly appears in matrix reloaded , you'd find his story in chapter 9 ( a kid's story )<BR>...but all the above doesn't mean that The two movies completes  each other..<BR>more you'd find in the Animatrix.. a historical archive about the reason of the Matrix..the reasons that led to Machines overtaking Earth and demolishing people's awareness of life..<BR>you'll find explaining some paranormal phenomenon like Ghosts on the behalf of the philosophy of the Matrix (in the chapter : Beyond )..Trinity's tries to find Neo ( a detective's story )..etc..etc..bla..Bla...
B00007KQA3|1.0|Do not buy this until MGM changes the soundtrack back to it's original--i.e.Eurithmics--soundtrack, the movie will be a shadow if it's former self.  This is, however, a beautiful movie.  Do yourself a favor and buy the Eurithmics CD version of the sound track.
B000002UKS|5.0|this is by far the best foo fighters album.  it is a mixed bag of hard rock and such incredible musicianship.  their first album was great but is widely criticized for coming off as a studio effort and thus lacking any feeling.  the songs are strong but there is no life.  i agree and disagree with that idea.  as far as this album goes, well, it starts slow with DOLL (a short and sweet opener that is just so beautiful with sensitivity) and then blast into a supernova of rock from monkey wrench and ends with WIND UP (my favorite song on the album.  two minutes and something long and i think my speakers bleed when i play it.  intense, emotional and so heavy.  not just because of the distortion but the riff is so incredible as well)<BR>     there are a handful of cool little songs like UP IN ARMS, DOLL &amp; FEBUARY STARS that are either slow moderate or a mix of the two.  i think it peppers this album with sweetness to do this.  it makes it so different from anything else.  there are also two amazing songs (EVERLONG &amp; My HERO) along with FEBUARY STARS which is my 2nd favorite sonmg here.  <BR>     this is a fantastic rock album filled with outstanding playing and some great lyrics (i love WIND UP--my only promise is that ill never tell/keep you at distance from the feelings i felt)  lots of energy and lots of great music.  definitely does not disappoint
0385504209|1.0|As with others, I found the lack of research appalling. From Brown's assertions about the council of Nicaea, to his dates for the gnostic gospels, to his factiods about Constantine--this novel is rife with both errors and willful replacement of fact with fantasy.<br />Further, the writing style, grammer and syntax left me feeling like I was reading a high school newspaper.<br />If Brown wants to join the ranks of Umberto Eco, he'll have to work a lot harder the next time around.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|This album is a good album as far as the songs go, but it is way too incomplete.So many hits are missing(Sgt.Peppers,Day in the Life,etc.)To get all the hits you would have to buy all the albums,but you can just get the 1962-1966 and 1967-1970 albums if you want.They are much more comprehensive than this album.
B0000AGWJ7|5.0|thats the only word i can use to describe this cd. i've never listened to much metal-core, i've been more into slipknot, mudvayne, etc... then i bought madden 2004 (a videogame) and on the soundtrack, inbetween Nappy Roots, and Blink-182, i heard Chapter Four for the first time. even though it was the censored version, i fell in love. I just bought this cd, and listened to it all the way through for the first time, and all I have to say is buy it now!!
0156027321|5.0|This is a great read for anyone. It's not tedious at all, but don't let the simplicity fool you. Along the same vein as other novels like &quot;Sophie's World,&quot; or &quot;The Alchemist,&quot; this book is inspiring and thought-provoking.
B00000I2PG|5.0|1981: Just when you thought you had heard every David Bowie and Bryan Ferry imitator to warble his discontented angst into the wind, along came ABC. They were smart like Bowie, fashion-mad like Ferry, and (before he became producer du jour) sonically adventurous with Trevor Horn at the dials. Lyrically witty to the point of brilliant, &quot;The Look Of Love&quot; remains a sonic marvel. It combined the lush orchestrations of disco with the propulsion of Motown, with enough English mannerisms to broach &quot;new wave.&quot; Horn's production touches also made it sound completely unlike anything else on the radio or dancefloors at the time.<br />Yet there was more than a dreaded one hit wonder here. Songs like &quot;Poison Arrow&quot; and &quot;Tears Are Not Enough&quot; had more hooks than a hardware department and made radio sound vibrant in the early 80's. Lead Singer Martin Fry also had the looks down for the early generation of MTV, and the high style of the band's early videos (including one of the earliest longform music vid/movies in &quot;Mantrap&quot;) gave them the extra boost that they needed to conquer the US. But what really mattered was, and remains, the music. &quot;The Lexicon Of Love&quot; has held its original splendor years after many of the other MTV bands of the period have lost their sheen. This was one of the first CD's I bought when Disc players were relatively new, and the remaster here, as it does with Roxy Music's &quot;Avalon,&quot; brings out even more of the original disc's depth and sparkle. I can't imagine my record collection without &quot;The Lexicon of Love.&quot;
B0000AXE8I|5.0|I don't understand why everyone was so critical about Reloaded. Its only half a movie. There is still the second half. People need to see the second half before they are so critical. I think people will change there views once they see the second one. Reloaded was AWESOME.
B0000256VK|5.0|Like the cover to this CD, there is a misty, brooding quality to &quot;Avalon.&quot; It would be akin to the musical tenor of a walk along a dewy beach at the prelight of dawn; everything serene and melancholy at the same time. So much so, that this is Roxy's perfect moment. There is more pent up sensuality here than in dozens of over belting soul singers, and without upping the vocal gale quotient. In that sense, &quot;Avalon&quot; is quintessentially British. Romantic overtures and silky smooth desire combine in &quot;More Than This,&quot; opening the disc and setting the mood. By the time Bryan Ferry is crooning &quot;I'll soon be home&quot; at the end of &quot;True To Life,&quot; you wish that you were on this journey with him.<br />Even though Roxy was always an arty band, they were never really a smooth one. There was always a moment on most of their albums that was there to jar you a bit. It seemed that Ferry used his solo records to exorcise his longings (or as some would have it, loungings) and that debonair side to his personality. Later Roxy albums (from &quot;Manifesto&quot; on) seemed to move more into that territory. Ferry brought his exquisite longing - as does Andy Mackay's emotive reedwork throughout - to the entirety of &quot;Avalon&quot; (&quot;this space between us, better close it up tonight...&quot;), that it's like he's moving through a long continual slow dance. That being the case, I want to follow him all the way till we stroll into the afterglow of &quot;Tara.&quot;<br />I have had a copy of this album in some form or another since it first came out in 1982. Quite frankly, it is on my shortlist for desert island listening. If there were bonus stars, \\"Avalon\\" would merit them.
B00009XITP|4.0|hello amanda.  in case hilary does not call me back, i want you to know that i love you too.  i know what a girl wants.  we are closer in age.  that makes me happy.  it's less creepy then.  call me!<br />love, chris.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|It took me several hours to listen to this album for the first time because I kept re-listening to songs.  With Rufus' first album, I liked some of the songs.  With &quot;Poses,&quot; I loved several of them.  &quot;Want One&quot; is a nearly perfect album as a whole for him. If this is just his third record, I can't even imagine how beautiful his next will be.  This is lush, colorful, textured and his voice has never reached such heights.
B00005JLZN|1.0|I don't understand pure liberal thinking and I probably never will. I also don't understand why and how academics get away with sounding so silly sometimes. But most importantly I don't understand why a film like THE LIFE OF DAVID GALE could get made. A film so patronizing it was designed to do one thing. What is that do you ask: to act as a sounding board for the liberal agenda? Or maybe just to discredit them? Hmm...maybe it was made to make right wingers look like evil jackasses? Whatever the answer, whomever the audience it fails on every level.<br />Capital punishment is huge hot button topic. It's one that will be debated for a long time. DAVID GALE is specifically designed to play to those who agree with the mantra that capital punishment is wrong. I disagree with this notion so the film didn't at all play to me at all.<br />THE LIFE OF DAVID GALE follows an intrepid reporter named Bitsey Bloom (Kate Winslet, Holy Smoke) whom has been given the opportunity to interview death row inmate David Gale (Kevin Spacey, The Shipping News). Gale is a local college philosophy professor who was convicted of murdering his colleague, Constance Harraway (Lauren Linny, Maze). They both worked for an anti-death penalty group called Deathwatch.<br />By all accounts Gale is innocent of all charges, but why is he on death row? As the story unfolds you begin to understand why and if by the end of the film you still have faith in the other side, you better watch out. DAVID GALE made me want to become a death row guard just so jackasses like him don't exist. But that's the end of the movie, I'll get to that later.<br />DAVID GALE is missing one crucial element, humanity. The story while shot nicely, with vibrant colors and beautiful framing is preachy to say the least and at worst patronizing. From the very first moment the film has an agenda which is more important than the character's in the film. For the most part David Gale doesn't talk like a human being but like a political manifesto. Instead of having meaningful conversation, he more or less speaks in intellectual quips.<br />Kevin Spacey is a good actor, but when he's not directed well enough his hidden intensity can become dulled. This performance very much mirrors his performance in `PAY IT FORWARD' while adequate it walks that thin line between great and dull and for the most part it comes out being the latter.<br />Bitsey Bloom is the exact opposite of this, for her realization comes not because she wants it to happen, but because the screenplay calls her to be hard edged until near the end when she fights to get at the truth. It's a shame because Winslet gives a great performance. (As a side note I almost wished they had let her use her own accent, because in this film it seemed like her American accents was holding her back.)<br />Director Alan Parker (Pink Floyd: The Wall) is one of my favorites, cause even if his films fail at least there compelling. But this film is so flat and so fake, I will chalk it up to a bad decision he made.<br />It's at this moment that I would like to thank first time screenwriter Charles Randolph (The Interpreter) for finally offering to me the definition of the word &quot;schmuck&quot;. That was one of those words everybody assumed I knew what it meant and now I know and boy it's not as bad as I thought it was. As for his screenplay on a whole, it sucks. It's a first draft at best, why Universal decided to put it's money behind this clunker of a script is beyond me.<br />It has so many flaws; the worst offenders are scenes that just don't belong. A red Herring moment with a shower just included for jumps, a scene in which Gale has a conversation with his son that is so unbelievably bad it should have been rewritten. Another big problem I had with this movie is if you work for a big name news magazine why would the send a top notch reporter out with an intern, wouldn't they send a publicist or someone who know their way around a story? Hmm... I don't know. It kind of bugged me,<br />But the worst scene is the very last. I won't ruin it for you but I will say this: Do the ends ever justify the means? For David Gale they absolutely do not.<br />Plus to movie for some reason thinks it's necessary to be funny at moments when it shouldn't. Yes there are jokes in this film, not one of which works. If the film had been a satire, this film just may have worked. But alas, THE LIFE OF DAVID GALE is a drama, and a poor one at that.<br />The makers of THE LIFE OF DAVID GALE should all sit down and watch Alfred Hitchcock's ROPE, I felt like Jimmy Stewart's character as the end of the movie began to unfold. Is David Gale a hero? In my book no, he's like a pro-life protester that kills an abortion doctor, he hasn't helped his cause, and he's destroyed it. This film is a waste of some powerful potential.<br />THE LIFE OF DAVID GALE is one that's not worth living.n't know. It kind of bugged me,<br />But the worst scene is the very last. I won't ruin it for you but I will say this: Do the ends ever justify the means? For David Gale they absolutely do not.<br />Plus to movie for some reason thinks it's necessary to be funny at moments when it shouldn't. Yes there are jokes in this film, not one of which works. If the film had been a satire, this film just may have worked. But alas, THE LIFE OF DAVID GALE is a drama, and a poor one at that.<br />The makers of THE LIFE OF DAVID GALE should all sit down and watch Alfred Hitchcock's ROPE, I felt like Jimmy Stewart's character as the end of the movie began to unfold. Is David Gale a hero? In my book no, he's like a pro-life protester that kills an abortion doctor, he hasn't helped his cause, and he's destroyed it. This film is a waste of some powerful potential.<br />THE LIFE OF DAVID GALE is one that's not worth living.
B00000IAU3|3.0|Dido's \\"No Angel\\" is a tough album. It succeeds in both frustrating me with its lyrics and reaching me with its music and emotional depth.<br />My main problem with the album is that not only all songs are about the end of a relationship but this theme is shown in such a straight way that it becomes boring and annoying.<br />1. \\"Here With Me\\" is a very good song, especially in the chorus. It tells us how much the protagonist can't live without his partner.<br />2. \\"Hunter\\" is also very good. This time the protagonist wants to leave the relationship herself and blames her partner for not letting her.<br />3. \\"Don't Think of Me\\" starts somewhat annoying. We heard two songs about relationships and then we hear the angrily sung \\"So you're with her, not with me\\" followed by an even more angry song which mostly is about self-pity. It wants you to advice her to say \\"Come on, get over it.\\"<br />4. \\"My Lover's Gone\\" is usually the point in the album where I say \\"Man, I've had enough.\\" Just in the previous track we heard the anger about being left and right there we are told \\"My lover's gone, his boots no longer by my door, he left at dawn.\\" Alright, we understood that now. He's gone, you're sad and angry. Please. Besides the song is very slow.<br />5. \\"All You Want\\" - believe it or not, this song deals with the problem of missing someone who has gone. Fortunately this song again gets me with its strong chorus. These are simple and effective lyrics expressing nicely how one can feel being alone (except the \\"It's been three years, one night apart\\" part).<br />6. \\"Thankyou\\" is luckily just about love and affection and, with the famous part from Eminem's \\"Stan\\", very nice and effective, although I still have to get used to the \\"Thank you\\" part.<br />7. \\"Honestly OK\\" again starts a bit slowed down and tiresome. It takes more than 1 minute till the singing starts. The song is about not feeling comfortable with oneself, but unfortunately listening to it makes you feel uncomfortable. And of course it is mentioned that the protagonist is \\"lonely\\" since there has to be a reason for all this.<br />8. \\"Slide\\" unfortunately doesn't speed up but works better than \\"Honestly OK\\" because the singing here is very good and the lyrics are again very effective because they're so simple. Actually a good song.<br />9. \\"Isobel\\" starts very slow again at a point where the album really had needed something faster. The singing again is beautiful but somehow the song doesn't reach me. And it's the second song not dealing with relationships but as \\"Slide\\" with personal character problems which one can easily identify with.<br />10. \\"I'm No Angel\\" makes the protagonist seem more sure of herself than we would have thought after listening to this album. The lyrics are a bit weird to me, since I'm not sure what \\"not being an angel\\" means. Is this good or not? A decent song, but weird somehow.<br />11. \\"My Life\\" is the slowest song on the album and at least succeeds in generating a kind of \\"classical\\" feeling. The lyrics are somewhat strange. \\"Cause it's me and my life, it's my life, it's my life.\\" As if the album hasn't been personal enough. A song I can't really take serious.<br />12. \\"Take My Hand\\", the bonus track, is actually quite good maybe just because it has a beat and keeps you awake. There is a good chorus again and the lyrics are optimistic for once. A nice ending.<br />I listen to the very album rarely because it is such an unsettling experience. I'm emotionally involved and then I'm frustrated, than bored. It definitely starts better than it ends. It has a lot of good songs, but songs like \\"My Lover's Gone\\" and \\"My Life\\" always succeed in not leaving me satisfied after listening to the album. <br />I can't really recommend it but I also can't say it's not worth buying. See for yourself.
B00006ZCFH|5.0|I didn't even know that Erykah had a new cd out until I walked passed the cd's in target.  I have always been a true Badu fan so I put down my usual junk food and copped her album.<BR>  I fell in love with the single &quot;Danger&quot; so I knew I was in for a treat.  This album is the work of a genuis.  The music, the sound the instruments, the vocals.  Everything is so great.  This cd is truly for a music fan.  It's not your top 40 stuff but thats what makes her cd so hott.  <BR>  I favorite tracks are &quot;Danger&quot; a funky hit, &quot;Bump it&quot; nice and groovy, &quot;Back In The Day&quot; and &quot; I Want You&quot;<BR>  This has to be one of the BEST R&amp;B albums of the year.  Good mix of soul, funk, rock, jazz, Afr-sould, &amp; neo soul.  EVERY  1 PLEASE COP THIS ALBUM!!!
B00006ZCFH|5.0|This is solid music none of that can studio stuff. Ms. Badu stays tru to her innovative style musically and lyrically.  So far each album she brings is truely new and by now we should all know that from her the unexpected is expected. She has mixed it up a little. My fav is Danger and Bump It. This is a stylish mix and most of ALL an AUTHENTIC SOUND.
0156027321|4.0|Life of Pi was a fascinating read, one that worked on many levels.  The story was believable enough to keep you on the edge and fantastic enough to keep you turning the pages.  I will be surprised if it doesn't win the Booker Prize, though I'm not sure this one is destined to be one of the all-time classics.  It gives the reader a lot to think about, much like the movie or storyline from &quot;Castaway&quot;.  It keeps the reader wondering how they themselves could and would react if pushed to the absolute limits like Pi in this story.  I find myself recalling scenes and situations from the book and it certainly does have that haunting quality.  You'll find this one on a lot of book-club lists for the simple reason that it actually does a reasonably good job of living up to the hype it gets.
1400031362|3.0|Change the names to Sister Henrietta, Sister Marian, abd Brother Nathan, can you tell this is Africa? Botswana, a nation in Africa where 40% have Aids virus?<br />These stories have no feel of Africa that I know. They feel phony through and through. Whats that about depression, it that a paid ad for Prozac? The triviality of the stories makes it further seem that Africans are not so very clever as the rest of us.<br />Oh how wonderfully simple these Africans are!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Hes done it again. Once again frontman Maynard James Keenan has made a work of art. This time the sound is a bit different with new member (formerly of smashing pumpkins) James Iha. I got this album for my birthday and I must say its one of the best presents I received. Absolutley love it!!
0425129616|4.0|Thirty-year old Mrs Agatha Christie turned a nice little profit with this, her first book, in 1920.  It introduced Hercule Poirot.  Wisely, she gave him many flamboyant, eccentric characteristics to leaven the depiction of detection work, but unwisely she created a character of advanced age that she subsequently needed to preserve for a further fifty years.<br />What became the regular Christie recipe for a whodunit is found here.  Perhaps there is a tad more reliance on the dispensing of medicines, reflecting the author's occupation during World War One.  A formula that she later discarded was the use of a narrator - Hastings - who presents one of the \\"cases\\" of his friend Poirot.  1920 and the publication of this book marked the opening of the \\"Golden Age of Detective Fiction\\".  Expect that there are plenty of servants, plenty of drinks at bedtime, much making and re-making of wills, and characters - including Poirot - who walk everywhere.<br />This rates highly in the Christie collection for classic charm, readability and ingenuity.  Few of her books from the 1920s excel it.
B00005JLSE|4.0|Anyone who views this film will spend two very entertaining hours, but I have to admit to a certain amounbt of disappointmnt, particularly as compared to the stage play.  Obviously the film has been thoroughly &quot;conceptualized&quot; as a sort of &quot;Cabaret&quot; clone, with the cabaret nuymbers transformed into theatrical metaphors (Mr. Cellophane as a baggypants comedian, for example).  Along these lines, the producers decided to hire actors rather than musicians in the key roles, and that's the chief limitation of the film.  Neither of the two main leads can sing much or dance at all, so basically they wiggle and strike a few poses while the camera does all the dancing.  This is disastrous in &quot;I Can't Do IT Alone,&quot; (&quot;it&quot; being her song and dance act with her sister)  where it's obvious that the performer can't do it at all.  Nor does the final number, where the two women are supposed to do their new song and dance act, make any sense since neither of them can sing or dance.  Other actors fare equally poorly.  Queen Latifah is simply miscast as the prison matron.  Her persona and singing style are much too soft and &quot;matronly&quot; (in the wrong sense) for such a &quot;tough as nails broad.&quot;  I can't believe she could have ever gotten control of the inmates.  Even the great John C. Reilly seems uncomfortable in the ill-conceived (Mr. Cellophane is supposed to be anonymous, not abrasive like a baggypants comic) number.  He seems to be asking himself why they didn't hire a real singer for the role.  <BR>     Don't get me wrong, though.  Many numbers are brilliant (the &quot;legal ventriloquism&quot; number for example), and the show remains extremely entertaining.  But ultimately the movie seems to show that the only way you can get the public to swallow a musical is to make it look like an expanded MTV video.
B000002B7S|2.0|At times Ozzy is king.  But other times.....<br />Ok, maybe Ozzy was too doped up at this point (when wasn't he?)  to really be able to \\"properly\\" grieve for the heartbreaking loss of guitar genius Randy Rhoads.  But it would be ridiculous to get two birds with one excuse (Ozzy never made any excuses anyway), so this album needs the appropriate lethargic legacy it deserves.<BR>     Two things can happen to the individual that decides to march onward after the death of a loved one.  Creative inspiration or the doldrums.  Chalk this one strongly in the latter category.  If you want Ozzy when his band's creative chemistry was kicking (and he IS hit or miss with his albums), then you should know well enough to go to \\"Blizzard of Ozz\\", \\"Diary of a Madman,\\" or \\"No More Tears.\\"  If you're reading this you probably have them all anyway.  And I do emphasize his BAND's creative chemistry.  Let's just say Ozzy wouldn't be top dog in a music theory class.  Still, he has endearing qualities to make great rock and roll, and those qualities (along with excellent BAND players from the previous two albums) were sadly nowhere to be found on his third solo offering, \\"Bark at the Moon.\\"<BR>     This album really does lay an egg.  Anyone who wants to call it underrated simply because it isn't Ozzy's biggest blockbuster should put their frustration to better use via \\"Metropolis 2\\" (Dream Theater),\\"Keep the Faith\\" (Bon Jovi), \\"Cryptic Writings\\" (Megadeth), or \\"Promised Land\\" (Queensryche).  Sometimes, one must come to terms with a bad album.  And Ozzy can't be too much to blame, given his life circumstances at the time (hence the extra star).  But let's take a brief run through the unmemorable track listing, shall we?<br />1) \\"Bark at the Moon\\" - NOTHING special, could have been written by anyone - this song in a nutshell characterizes the dime-a-dozen qualities of Rhoads's replacement, Jake E. Lee.  The only thing there is in this song is one boring \\"riff\\" - but last time I checked, a riff involved a bit more than playing a power chord a few times fast.  The only way this song has made it to moderate staplehood is the classic effect of \\"played all the time and the fans are used to it\\" - that and there's gotta be something to show for an album.  Right?......Right?....<br />2) \\"You're No Different\\" - more than anything, this album reeks of third generation derivation - when you're in the mood for a watered down \\"Dream On,\\" look no further.<br />3),4),5) - \\"Now you see it now you don't\\" and \\"Rock and Roll Rebel\\" are typical rock-from-the-mold numbers, and \\"Centre of Eternity\\" is the same, saved only by the humorous display of Ozzy trying to chant like a monk in the beginning.  Nice idea, but he should stick to the tight-throated-whining we all love him for, we can't notice him straying from pitch as much<br />6)/7) -  \\"So tired\\" and \\"Slow Down\\" - the ONLY salvagable songs on the album, though by no means songs to be remembered.  The former is a ballad where I can simultaneously see emotion and the pomposity - the lush background arrangements turn this into a 50's style ballad - but what the hell is Ozzy doing by doing this????? Hilarious, even funnier that it's not a bad song after all of that.  But it furthers the claim that Ozzy wasn't very involved in inspired songwriting at the time, there's no way in HELL he would have come up with that whole song all on his own.  NO WAY.  Check out the \\"cute\\" (that cracks me up) \\"Ozziets\\" on backround vocals in the chorus...... the latter song is the only average rock song on the album, the rest are under average.  Let me additionally mention that these are the only two songs that even show a trace of Randy's memory/effects on the Ozz.  It's blandly funny how the other songs try (and fail) to admirably cover the usual topic of the greatness of rock and roll, completely ignoring Ozzy's real state of mind.      <br />Understatement: something ain't right.<br />The rest of the songs follow the same uninspired formula and you don't even realize the album has ended because all you hear is the room noise that your attention had already gravitated to before you'd even barely passed the half-hour mark.  The writing is bad on everyone's part (that goddamn keyboard sound on track 3 is so reminiscent of 8th graders on the back of a school bus, I'd take 9 stars away if I could, just for that).  I like to be thorough, but it doesn't take long for ANYONE to move to another car on Mr. Osbourne's train of craziness.<br />At the end of the day, this is a quite innocuous offering; it does nothing to discredit Ozzy's music, given the unfortunate circumstances of the time, and his later creative re-peakings (albeit with more valleys).  Thus, I proudly keep it in my collection to round out his entire catalog on my shelf.  Collectors get it, moderate Ozzy fans trust me on this one; there's a lot of cd's out there.
B0000027RL|4.0|Pearl jam's debut release,is very under rated today. Pearl jam is under rated period. This album really shows you how in depth pearl jam is. The cd starts with very powerful songs like Once, and even flow. Half way through the record it begins to get more softer but still very energetic music.  I highly recommend other pearl jam albums over this but its still high on the greatest music ever created.
B00006L7XQ|4.0|I think this cd is great, even for people who don't like country music.  Songs When the man comes around and personal jesus, and hung my head are my favorites. You can't forget about the haunting rendition of Trent Reznor's Hurt. I am Slayer, NIN, and Stone Temple Pilots fan but still liked this. Buy this cd, and you can tell your friends its not country, its a classic.
B00004T8RK|5.0|Another Pearl jam release, Highly Under rated. Not like No code, Binaural sold very few more. But Binaural is Pearl jam's most different and unique album. Im sure most pearl jam fans could'nt live without Binaural. Its more slower then other albums but is one of the most epic releases ever. A highlight of this album is Soundgarden's drummer Matt Cameron joined shortly after Jack Irons quit. Track highlights on this album are Light Years, Grievence, Thin Air, Rival, Of the girl, Soon forget. Soon forget is a solo by lead singer/guitarist Eddie Vedder, Definately the biggest highlight.
B00005Y6YB|5.0|I don't think I can add anymore than what's already been said about Lonesome Dove.  This is one of the best mini-series of all time.  And overall probably the best Western I've ever seen.<br />But Lonesome Dove fans deserve a better transfer of this film to DVD.  The original broadcast on CBS wasn't crystal clear with eye popping colors either but it was certainly better than this murky hazy looking print.  Other studios have taken important groundbreaking mini-series like Roots (and most recently Shogun) and gave them stunning transfers that look even better than the original broadcast.  And Roots and Shogun first aired more than 10 years before Lonesome Dove!!  Lonesome Dove the book and the TV series has become part our collective memory of the Mythological American West.  And has done as much to make us rethink Hollywood cliches about Westerns as Unforgiven or previous Westerns by Leone, Peckinpah, Hawks, or Ford.  <br />I'm glad its at least available on DVD.  But I can't help but say this series simply deserves better.  Why do I care?  Again, its an \\"important\\" Western.  And for selfish reasons as well. I re-watch Lonesome Dove about once every year.  It should look just as good as most of DVD's out there today.
B000002BFZ|5.0|No Code is Pearl Jam's most Under rated record. Some might find it odd or different but it's a really open album(For people with open minds). The city has some of Pearl jam's hardest and mellowest music. Highlight tracks for this album are Lukin, In My tree, Habit, Im Open, Mankind, Around the bend. Lukin being very short and very aggressive in its short time. Mankind is pearl jam's most different song. Guitarist Stone Gossard sings and wrote the whole song. It has a feel to it like some punk rock songs in the 50's and 60's. And of course album highlight is Jack Irons(Red hot chilli peppers) joined pearl jam for this disc. He also appeared on the next release yield but left shortly efter its release.
B000002KIE|5.0|Punk is all about attitude.  Its not about mohawks, plaid pants, chains, tattoes, ripped shirts, piercings, Docs, being from London or NY from the 70's, or even loud guitar music.  It was just a fire that needed to be lit to destroy what came before.  To borrow from The Clash's London Calling, Joe Strummer sang &quot;Beatlemania has bitten the dust&quot;  Its about letting go of our tight fisted grip of the past for a different and hopefully better future.  (Underlying all that anger, rage, bruises, spit, boredom, and despair its actually quite hopeful.)  The Beatles, Stones, Who, Led Zep etc. were great but its dangerous to be just stuck in the past.   Punk embraced unhip things like art, philosophy, literature, and politics in their music when they were becoming verboten at the time.  As it is now.  It embraced destruction and outrage about what was going on around them.  Punks were one of the first to embrace reggae, ska, and rap because they were open minded about new musical forms.  It was the catalyst for the inventive and quirky new wave movement, new romantics, grunge, and &quot;alternative music&quot; as we know it.  It embraced new sounds and doing whatever you wanted to do.  It was about individualism and yes, freedom.  Real freedom.<br />Not that this album embraced all those things.  Oh no.  But this single album by the Pistols continues to be the symbol for the impact one band and one album can have and the influence it can reverberate into the future.  Just like a 2 minute punk song.  Quick, loud, and no apologies.  Its no surprise punk didn't last.  It wasn't suppose to &quot;hang around&quot;.  It was a wake up call to get us out of our malaise through shock.  People from the media (fashion/music industry) poked fun that &quot;grunge&quot; didn't last.  That Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Soundgarden et al weren't the great Second Coming of rock. It wasn't suppose to, at least not the way they wanted to market it. It had the potential to be the second wave ofa new punk movement in the US.  It wasn't supposed to be packaged, mass media-ed, and paraded as the disposable flavor of the month. You weren't supposed to buy it at a store........okay except at a thrift shop.  It should have been about ushering in something new.  Unfortunately, grunge wasn't as dynamic because the bands that followed just copied what they saw and heard.  The lure of money was too great.  In fact it pretty much put the nail in the coffin of the fledgling &quot;alternative&quot; music scene as we knew it.  How can music be &quot;alternative&quot; if they all look and sound the same?  Wrong attitude.  Not punk.<br />There are lots of other great punk albums.  But if you are going to get only one or don't know where to start &quot;Never Mind the Bullocks...&quot; is a great choice.  There are a lot worse places you could begin.
0385504209|1.0|Here I was, ready to read a great religious thriller that had been highly recommended by friends as the best thing they had ever read... Well, needless to say, I won't be going to them for reading advice again!<br />What a disappointment. Thin plot (my wife's one-month-old pantyhose are thicker), cardboard box characters (three dimensional but empty inside), and cliches (&quot;Outside, the wind howled in the trees.&quot; - please) detract heavily from the truly fascinating information Brown seems to have gathered together.<br />This &quot;hidden in plain sight&quot; information is what should have made the book a great read. Instead, it seems to be just an excuse to string together a movie treatment for sale to a major studio. (I could just hear &quot;Coming soon! The major motion picture the Catholic Church didn't want made! Starring Harrison Ford as Langdon and Meg Ryan as Sophie...&quot;)<br />And wasn't it convenient how one piece of information led to the next? If all this is right out in plain sight for an intrepid symbologist and a plucky detective to find, why hasn't the &quot;Priory of Sion&quot; been exposed? Why don't we know more about Mary Magdalene?<br />Oh well, buy it if you must, but don't say you weren't warned...
B0000C7PSW|5.0|Oh dear God...Just when I thought that he couldn't possibly get much better...Pardon my stuttering, but this CD is utterly gorgeous. Even the bloody artwork is beautiful. But then again, I really shouldn't expect anything less when it comes to Rufus Wainwright. If you've been searching for a few show stopping tracks to give you chills up and down your spine, look no further than \\"Oh What a World\\", \\"I Don't Know What It Is\\", and \\"Go or Go Ahead\\". If you've been a Rufus fan for a while and want to feel nostalgic, \\"14th Street\\" should work well for you; it's reminiscent of \\"April Fools\\" from his debut. And if you're aching for his perpetually gorgeous piano driven pieces, \\"Pretty Things\\" and \\"Dinner at Eight\\" will be your godsend. The orchestral arrangements are nothing short of astounding, the piano solos are as stunning as ever, and oh, God, that voice. What more could you ever ask for?<br />As for the Enhanced part of the CD, this is definitely the best enhanced disc I have come across...ever. It leads you to a \\"secret site\\" that has several things you can't get anywhere else. First of all, there are two B-Side tracks, and I have no idea whatsoever why they're not on the album, because they're even better than a few that are on there already. Go figure. And secondly, there is a commentary section, in which one you play one of the songs from the album and you hear Rufus's voice over it, talking about the song. As an ubergeek fan of DVD commentary, this really got me excited. Even better? The site isn't completed yet! Things are going to be added, so you still have those to look forward to.<br />So, to Rufus Wainwright, I feel truly privileged to be privy to this album and myself and so many other people are thoroughly ecstatic that you released it. Now....<br />Bring on Want Two!!!
B000003CMB|5.0|Indeed, this is one of the two best live albums of all time, along with \\"It's Alive\\" by the Ramones. And it also sports one of the great cover photos as well. Could it be that the Ramones lifted the idea for their first cover from this one? ... Nah!<br />The original LP had tremendous sound quality, when Capricorn was still being distributed by Atlantic. It's odd indeed that the Fillmore East cuts that showed up later on \\"Eat a Peach\\" sounded so much muddier when Capricorn moved over to Warners for distribution purposes. <br />Anyway, I digress. Listen to this work and marvel at the level of musicianship on display.<br />A few years after this came out, I had pretty much ODed on Southern boogie rock, and can't stand to admit that I was into it so much in the early 1970s.<br />But \\"Fillmore East\\" is a work that transcends mere genre and is a timeless classic.<br />Back in the day, many bands that built a loyal following by endlessly gigging around the country were never quite able to translate their appeal to vinyl. This, then, is the biggest case in point.<br />But who cares anyway? This is the only ABB CD your ever need to own.
0393039765|5.0|When I first kicked back and started to read this book I didnt really now what was waiting for me. I sat there in awe reading this book seeing what kind of crazy ideas would come out of Tyler Durdens mouth. I really coudnt beleive what I was reading. <BR>  This book is about a young man who can take his life any more.<BR>He hates his dead end job, his abusive boss, and he cant sleep.<BR>So one night his condo burns down and he meets up with Tyler Durden and they create a after-hours fight club to find releif for themselfs.<BR>   Well I really dont want to continue, Ill ruen the book. Well all and all this book is a master peice won of the best books I have ever read. But I cant really recommend this book for everyone, because hey face it this book this book may be a little to graphic for some people. But well coudnt put this book down I was completly gravitated to it.
1878424319|1.0|I was very disappointed after reading this book.  I guess I was expecting something different or unique.  The Four Agreements are nothing new, especially if you've read any other self-help book.<br />The writing style is simplistic and very, very repetitive.  I give it one star, because the book helped me fall asleep each night...which is something I've been having trouble with lately.<br />Yawn!
B000002H97|5.0|This CD is shows how much they have matured since the KIll EM all CD. This was my first Metallica CD.I was amazed at how awesome it was. You've got the heavy metal like Sad but true or Enter Sandman, and then you got The slower songs like Nothing Else Matters and The Unforgiven.<br />    The three best songs are Enter Sandman,Sad But True, and of cousre THE UNFORGIVEN. If you are a metal or rock fan this better be in you're collection
0440237688|5.0|The Giver by Lois Lowry, was and is an excellent book.  I have since read it twice and about to begin my third time around and everytime it gets better.  This book is enlighting, and makes a person really think about everyday things that society takes for granted.  What if all people couldn't see color?  What if you couldn't choose your own spouse, or job?  If everything was choosen for you, life would be boring, and almost not worth living. This book is an eye opener.  It really makes you think.  I believe that every person out there should read this book and not just to say that you read it, but to say that you learned from it.<br />  Mary Gere  Newport, NH
B000000OPZ|5.0|Yep. I remember those Wednesday afternoons in the late eighties... No school, sitting around the house surfing all the music channels on TV. And seeing Tawny Kitaen spread across this classy Jaguar to a Whitesnake soundtrack was all it took to get my teen hormones going!<br />Musically, I still love every track on this album. Still of the Night is a classic! Is this Love is a track even my wife loves and Here I go again is one of THE rock anthems of all times! I have been known to play this track over and over again.<br />This album and Slip of the Tongue are the epitome of late eighties flashy rock'n'roll. Big hair, flashy clothes, screamin' guitar solos and politically incorrect lyrics.<br />That's why this album gets a big, fat FIVE from me!
0780619587|4.0|Bear in mind that this was one of the first generations of DVDs that were released, and so many of the additional features that we enjoy now were never added in these earlier release titles. I do hope that \\"Shine\\" is re-released with more in- depth features, including something that focuses on David Hefgott, the pianist that this movie is based on. I truly hope the decision is made to interview or document Helfgott in some way. That's the only reason I deducted a star, because the movie is outstanding. I would urge those who enjoyed this film to contact FineLine Pictures, who released the movie, and urge them to create a special edition DVD to include this.<br />The real David Helfgott actually contributed as a musician (pianist, of course) for this wonderful film about his life, dramatizing his struggles through his childhood and breakdown as an adolescent. Yet it isn't about gloomy and depressing accounts but about survival and living to the best of one's abilities. Those who have little patience with people who are schizophrenic may become a bit uneasy at the performance of Geoffrey Rush who played the adult Helfgott. Rush's acting was impeccable and very believable, which is why some might be a little agitated or confused at the stuttering and incomplete and rambling dialog by Rush's character.<br />But have patience in getting to understand Helfgott as the movie progresses. It can confuse the viewer since there are flashbacks and flash forwards. But you know, this was one beautifully produced movie. It has had high replay, because the film simply touches the heart. Just relax and allow the movie (and Helfgott's character) absorb you. By the end, you'll really FEEL how much of a journey that David Helfgott traveled to arrive where he did.<br />And for those who enjoy Lynn Redgrave, my gosh. Her portrayal of Gillian was superb. Redgrave didn't even get any type of top billing and she didn't appear until late in the movie, yet I felt like Gillian and David were my own family by the end.<br />The DVD's special features include a movie trailer, a video clip of an award presented to Rush (look for Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise together in the audience) and a somewhat unusually- formatted Q/A with director Scott Hicks (about a dozen questions are displayed and when you select one, a video with an answer by Hicks plays).<br />\\"Shine\\" wasn't meant to be a tearjerker movie, but it got to me. I sometimes can't watch even the trailer without getting a lump in my throat.<br />Lovers of piano concertos and also those who appreciate classical music would be especially grateful for this cinematic gem.my own family by the end. <br />The DVD's special features include a movie trailer, a video clip of an award presented to Rush (look for Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise together in the audience) and a somewhat unusually- formatted Q/A with director Scott Hicks (about a dozen questions are displayed and when you select one, a video with an answer by Hicks plays). <br />\\"Shine\\" wasn't meant to be a tearjerker movie, but it got to me. I sometimes can't watch even the trailer without getting a lump in my throat. <br />Lovers of piano concertos and also those who appreciate classical music would be especially grateful for this cinematic gem.
B00005NGAG|4.0|If you've thought that Rachel Weisz could never be lovelier, then BEAUTIFUL CREATURES is for you!<br />A far cry from the popcorn MUMMY films, Rachel Weisz puts on serious acting chops to play Petula, the abused girlfriend of a local thug.  When Dorothy (played wonderfully by the Susan Lynch) witnesses Petula nearly being strangled by the man, she tries to intervene.  Unsuccessful in her attempt to help, she is shoved aside into a construction site ... where she finds a wonderful lead pipe that finishes the trick.  Together, the women drag the dead man back to Dorothy's apartment, where they make initial plans to make the disappearance look like a kidnapping attempt ... but the machinations of a wilely detective inspector and the abusive man's father lead the girls to a wild series of events, each less predictable than the one before.<br />Brilliantly photography, BEAUTIFUL CREATURES makes great use of the principals as well as a wonderful soundtrack to send this fancy little caper flick into its twists and turns.  While much of the humor is dark, the film also boasts some light moments, most of which center around Pluto, Dorothy's dog, who inadvertantly turns pink from a meeting with paint gone bad.
0385504209|1.0|What a disappointment.  Brown's story starts out well enough, a murder in a museum, a secret religious society and couple of relatively attractive characters thrown together in a break-neck paced plot.  So what went wrong?  Just about everything.  By the end of this book I found myself screaming - Get on with it!!!  What's the point of so many cryptic references - it felt like I was working my way through a puzzle book.  Brown tries so hard to impress us with the &quot;mystery&quot; of the Holy Grail and his pseudo-religious plotline that he forgets to tell the story.
B00006879E|5.0|I've been listening to this CD almost non-stop since I got it over a year ago. The R&B and funk influences are evident throughout. And though their current single \\"Harder to Breathe\\" is a great song, it is just a nibble of this great CD. I just saw them live and was blown away. Alex Levine has a great voice and is absolutely handsome.
B0000C8AV2|5.0|Infidels~ The early 80's masterpiece that many hold in regard as one of his greatest. I have consumed this album since I bought well....The vinyl album edition upon it's release. <BR>The Infidels- the religious disbelieving, of any religion.<br /> The political stance of &quot; Neighborhood Bully&quot; (highly poignant and powerful lyric fully applicable today. 20 years later) especially leading you into &quot;License to Kill&quot;.<br /> The socially sheltered, wounded and perhaps even isolated in &quot;Sweetheart Like You&quot;. The introspective outpouring of desire armed with a balance of hope and insecurity in &quot;I and I&quot;. <br />The selling of America exposed and driven into your psyche in &quot;Union Sundown&quot;.<br />My OP: If outtakes like, &quot;Foot of Pride&quot; had been added I think it would have taken away from the power of this amazing album as it is.<br />Lastly, Let's not put aside in any way the opening tune, &quot;Jokerman&quot;. A classic on all levels.Divine-<br />&quot;Don't fall apart on me tonight&quot;. The finale'<br />This remastered edition raises the bar even higher. The band was fully in touch with Bob in a classic R-n-B/Reggae vibe fueled by Mark Knopfler's gorgeous guitar work and Black Uhuru's Rhythm section.<BR> The detail is brought to full appreciative capacity in your ears and takes you right to the peak of the lyrical power in Dylan's musical vision here. One of my truly favorite Bob Dylan albums.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This is a masterpiece, it's not as heavy as Mer De Noms, but it's still an amazing CD. All the songs are great, relaxing and well written.
B000002TQV|5.0|More like Coldplay than today's radiohead.<BR>Well done top to bottom.<BR>A couple real classics.<BR>Black Star is a hidden gem<BR>Fake Plastic Trees/High &amp; Dry- Possibly my favorite back to back songs on any album.
0385504209|1.0|It is poorly written, atrociously researched mess although the author claims are facts. But despite Brown's scholarly airs, a writer who thinks the Merovingians founded Paris and forgets that the popes once lived in Avignon is hardly a model researcher. And for him to state that the Church burned five million women as witches shows a willful-and malicious-ignorance of the historical record. The latest figures for deaths during the European witch craze are between 30,000 to 50,000 victims. Not all were executed by the Church, not all were women, and not all were burned. Brown's claim that educated women, priestesses, and midwives were singled out by witch-hunters is not only false, it betrays his goddess-friendly sources. So error-laden is The Da Vinci Code that the educated reader actually applauds those rare occasions where Brown stumbles (despite himself) into the truth. A few examples of his \\"impeccable\\" research: He claims that the motions of the planet Venus trace a pentacle (the so-called Ishtar pentagram) symbolizing the goddess. But it isn't a perfect figure and has nothing to do with the length of the Olympiad. The ancient Olympic games were celebrated in honor of Zeus Olympias, not Aphrodite, and occurred every four years. If the above seems like a pile driver applied to a gnat, the blows are necessary to demonstrate the utter falseness of Brown's material. His willful distortions of documented history are more than matched by his outlandish claims about controversial subjects. But to a postmodernist, one construct of reality is as good as any other. Brown's approach seems to consist of grabbing large chunks of his stated sources and tossing them together in a salad of a story.<br />Read [...]<br />The Da Vinci Code takes esoterica mainstream. It may well do for Gnosticism what The Mists of Avalon did for paganism-gain it popular acceptance. After all, how many lay readers will see the blazing inaccuracies put forward as buried truths?<br />What's more, in making phony claims of scholarship, Brown's book infects readers with a virulent hostility toward Catholicism. Dozens of occult history books, conveniently cross-linked by Amazon.com, are following in its wake. And booksellers' shelves now bulge with falsehoods few would be buying without The Da Vinci Code connection. While Brown's assault on the Catholic Church may be a backhanded compliment, it's one we would have happily done without.ng phony claims of scholarship, Brown's book infects readers with a virulent hostility toward Catholicism. Dozens of occult history books, conveniently cross-linked by Amazon.com, are following in its wake. And booksellers' shelves now bulge with falsehoods few would be buying without The Da Vinci Code connection. While Brown's assault on the Catholic Church may be a backhanded compliment, it's one we would have happily done without.
B0000AR8NK|5.0|David Bowie is just so great, I mean he just keeps getting better (and cooler). His last cd, Heathen was a nice blend of rock and slow tunes. Reality, his latest is more of the same but even better and rocks more. Songs that are really cool (and my favs) are New Killer Star, Pablo Picasso, Never Get Old, Try Some, Buy Some (written by George Harrison) and Reality. All  are really excellent songs and Bowie's voice is fantastic. This is a great cd that you should immediately add to your collection if you like Bowie.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|A Perfect Circle has done it again.This album is by far the best new album out right now,and I sincerely mean that.I heard some of the new material at Lollapalooza but had no idea the whole album would be this incredible.Maynard has stretched his vocal abilities farther than I ever thought he would and Billy's guitar makes me want to cry.The basslines are great and I love to turn up the bass and make things fall in my room.Josh's drumming is far more superior than that of Mer de Noms,you can tell he definately wanted to experiment more with this record.I don't think there's one song I don't like.If I had to pick a favorite I couldn't,but I can say that Blue is probably the one that makes me most emotional.I don't think I have enough room to say something about every song but I do know that this cd is never coming out of my cd player.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|I was truly afraid that I would not like WANT ONE. Rufus trying for a mainstream audience? It all sounded like he was betraying his old style.<br />He hasn't.<br />In the least.<br />Sure, the music is more accessible, but isn't that a good thing?<br />A few gems of the album are VICIOUS WORLD (&quot;Thought that maybe we'd fall in love over the phone&quot;), The Travis-esque GO OR GO AHEAD and NATASHA, a song that will undoubtedly draw comparisons to the best of Elton John's ballads. <br />You'll even get a good laugh at a Britney Spears reference in VIBRATE.<br />All in all this is an album you want to love and love to need.
B000002KDB|5.0|After working (and more, so the rumors go) with Gram Parsons before he died (of Flying Burrito Brothers &amp; other solo works fame), Emmylou Harris went solo with this incredible piece of work.  At the time of its release, I suppose there was sort of a *hippy* country music genre (pioneered by The Flying Burrito Brothers, Townes Van Zandt, the Byrds (many of whom later became Burrito Brothers), and so many other greats) and before any of her work became really famous -- even before this lp received widespread airplay for its *hit* songs -- this wonderful body of work was mostly limited to formerly great radio stations without playlists known only to a few.  Often, only those in the know about folksy countrified hippy performers (and folks living that type of lifestyle &lt;G&gt;) were the first to learn of and pretty much go crazy over this release: she was a local girl for us in the greater DC area, she'd been associated with other greats (where her voice often tantalized and beckoned), and her talent was simply incredible -- an attractive young lady playing and singing with GREAT passion and a beautiful, unique voice -- wow.  I remember the infatuation and almost obsession my old friends and I back then developed for this album; she might now be considered a mainstream country star, but folks enjoying other types of music and *musical lifestyles* really should give this a chance: an absolutely incredible artist and truly a great debut.
B000066JES|5.0|First of all, I'm into modern euro metal.  Some of the bands I enjoy include Stratovarius, Spock's Beard, Arch Enemy, Eternal Tears of Sorrow, the Kovenant, Firewind, Summoning, and Tristania, to name a FEW.  This is very atmoshperic - the keyboards are very apparent and extrememly well done.  So far, what I'm saying is if you are into modern power metal like Falconer, Lost Horizon, or Firewind (Hammerfall to mention someone popular), you'll still love this.  <br />Again, this is mostly very soft and slow, like Avantasia.  If you're into modern euro metal, you just gotta be aware of Tobias's writting talent.  On the other hand, &quot;House of Death&quot; is more brutal than a God Dethroned song.  <br />The title track reminds me of a Thy Serpent song, &quot;Only Dust Moves&quot;.  This song is the song that tought me how beautiful death metal can be.  Keyboards and symbols are used left and right in that song.  In &quot;Warriors of the World United&quot;, we see a slow paced song (Only Dust Moves is slow as molasses) that you cannot help but say is catchy.  You will get so drawn into the beat of that song that all you'll want to do is hear more and more and more.  The 3 songs after it are the 3 speed demons of the album.  Also, track 3 is about 3:20 long and reminds me of the song in Italian (track 7) on Power of the Dragonflame.  So if you're familiar with that, that is a prelude to what you'll hear on this CD.  If you've heard the title track, most of the songs on the CD have the same beat, just not QUITE as good... still amazing, though.  <br />Sometimes I still can't believe how much I love the majority of this CD, and the title track.  Any fan of keyboard-oriented metal (notice the bands I mentioned earlier?) should have plenty of respect for this masterpiece.  <br />Check out my other reviews, if  you have the time... ... you know, I only review the good CDs:)  Also, do me a favor:  make the one click to tell other potential buyers if my review was helpful toyou or not.  Thanks, and enjoy.
B000040OBS|5.0|I first heard this album 5-6 years, and I thought to myself &quot;This pretty lame. What do people like about this?&quot;  I listened to it again a couple of year later, and I was blown away.  Two guys, one with a menacing vocal presence and another with synthesizers that sound like they were bought at a yard sale, pulled off an incredible album with this one.  It's absolutely incredible what a singer and a guy with old synthesizers can do.  The music is spare, dark, edgy, and even pretty scary sometimes.  The song Frankie Teardrop is legendary not only for its subject matter but also, in my opinion, the scariest visceral screams that any singer has produced.  All the other songs are also great.  The music pulsates and Vega interjects with singing and screams throughout the album.  Absolutely incredible! If you're a fan of post-punk bands like Joy Division, you'll love this album.  If you don't like punk or post-punk, you still may be pleasantly surprised.
0743216458|5.0|This is one of the only well written books that focus on a single unit and follow it through a conflict.  Ambrose brings his excellent prose this readable volume.  A great account, recently made into a movie.  These men stormed the beaches at nromandy and went on to breach hitlers Western Wall.  THey suffered ungodly casualties.  An amazing story.
B00002R0MC|5.0|What can I say about Bob Marley that hasn't already been said? He is simply the greatest artist in reggae music's history, and this box set clearly demonstrates why.  You can hear his music evolve from Disc 1 to Disc 4 as he becomes funkier, more political, more mature.  You can hear his voice change from that of a teen to that of a mature singer/songwriter and national icon.  A few of the reasons that elevate this box set to a desert island disc are:<br />1) Alternate takes of many classics including Could You Be loved, Jammin', No More Trouble, etc.<br />2) Live versions of I Shot the Sheriff, No Woman No Cry, Redemption Song<br />3) Stunning long acoustic medley on Disc 2 during which Marley sings parts of 7-8 songs including one of my favorites, Guava Jelly<br />4) Great sound and sequencing<br />Do yourself a favor and get this box set.  For any music fan who wants to hear a musician evolve from great to the greatest, this box set is for you.  For any Bob Marley fan, I probably don't have to convince you any further that Songs of Freedom is a must have.
B0000C8AUO|4.0|Bowie continues to grace us with great material.  Let's clear up one thing though: other reviewers have mentioned the techno elements of this album pretty strongly, and I simply don't understand that at all.  These elements are so minute and downplayed that you really don't even hear them.  This is nothing like EARTHLING, which I loved, so if I'd read some of these reviews before buying, I would have been disappointed. <br />I got this album last week, the day it came out, but wanted to live with it for a week or so before reviewing it.  I immediately liked it, but wanted to give the songs time to settle in with me.<br />I think, now that I've had some time to digest the album, that I like it even more than I first did.  The album kicks off with the fun and infectious &quot;New Killer Star.&quot;  Someone else said that this was the catchiest song Bowie's done since &quot;Blue Jean,&quot; and they may be right.  This is great stuff.  <br />Let's start with my least favourite song on the album: &quot;Looking for Water.&quot;  This has been one of the most frequently mentioned by others as one of the highlights of the album, but I just can't get into.  It seems rather lack-lustre.  This, however, is the only low-point on the album for me.<br />&quot;Pablo Picasso&quot; is a really great rocker, and its a great, fun follow to &quot;New Killer Star.&quot;  The third track, &quot;Never Get Old&quot; is also great, and if only for these three songs, the album is worthwhile.  After these, my favourites are &quot;Fall Dog Bombs the Moon&quot; (which I think I would like if only for the title, but its a great song as well) and &quot;Days.&quot;  &quot;Reality&quot; is a great, rockin' song, with some great snarling vocals by Dave.<br />Two stylistic departures here are also notable:  &quot;The Loneliest Guy&quot; is a really atmospheric, and sometimes sad, even creepy song.  And the album closes with a gem called &quot;Bring Me the Disco King,&quot; with Bowie as some latter-day lounge lizard, accompanied for over 7 minutes by only a drum track and the absolutely brilliant Mike Garson on piano, who doesn't have a very strong presence anywhere else on the album.  <br />Everyone else has mentioned the three extra tracks on the second disk, but let me reiterate:  GREAT songs!  &quot;Fly&quot; and &quot;Queen of all the Tarts&quot; are totally worth the sticker price.  The new version of &quot;Rebel Rebel&quot; is absolutely fantastic.  And if it had an ending, it would be even better!  It just sort of stops, which caught me as odd the first time I heard it.  <br />I would compare this album most closely to HEATHEN and HOURS, although not as mellow.  So if you liked those, but like a want a little more guitar, a little more energy, this album will please you greatly!
B00006ZCFH|5.0|I could write all day about the genius that is contained in Erykah Badu's new album, \\"Worldwide Underground\\", but that would get old.  So, I'll just say that this in indeed the finest album, EP, or whatever to come out this year...maybe in the last few years.  I, like other reviewers, was kind of nervous about her album because once you've done it like she has (\\"Baduism\\", \\"Mama's Gun\\"), one begins to fear that she's run out of ammunition.   Especially after hearing how uninspired she's been.  Well, the muse has struck again and is prevalent on such tracks like: \\"Back in the Day\\" (my favorite track), \\"I Want You\\", \\"Bump It\\" and \\"Danger\\".  Tracks like \\"Woo\\", \\"Steady on the Grind\\" and \\"Think Twice\\" give the album the \\"mix tape\\" feel that Badu intended.  They are used more as binding threads for the stronger tracks.  This epic EP is more than enough to sustain the devoted fan and will live on with other amazing albums like \\"Abbey Road\\" by the Beatles, \\"Dark Side of the Moon\\" by Pink Floyd and \\"On the Corner\\" by Miles Davis.  Just when you thought Badu couldn't possibly get any better, she has proven us wrong.  Good work Erykah!  As always, I anticipate your next release.
B0000AI44Q|2.0|I am a big Neil Young fan and have almost all his albums, but I am somewhat dissapointed with Greendale. It was very bland until I watched the DVD. This brought a little more interest to the songs, but still, I could not get into it very much. I am afraid this one might gather dust like Trans and Landing On Water. He has made some of the greatest music of all time, but he has had some real duds also. I cannot even remember the name of his last album before Greendale. I probably played it twice.<br />He is a big talent so maybe his next offering will be more rewarding. Hang in there Neil, I love Ya.
0140390693|5.0|Oh,my sweet Lord I love this book!How original and captivating<BR>can one book be?From a girl who L-U-V-S Harry Potter ,Redwall,<BR>Chronicles of Narnia,The lost years of Merlin,Artemis Fowl,<BR>His Dark Materials,and the like,this book was quite out of the<BR>ordinary.But I found this book thoroughly ripping and a smashing<BR>good read.What a marvelous book!Warm and tender with a lot of TLC(tender Loving Care)!!!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|If you are looking for a CD that is filled with good music go somewhere else. If you are looking for an album that will floor you buy this one now. A Perfect Circle's follow up album to picks up where Mer de Noms left off. This album takes you on a journey through the lyrical stylings of Maynard James Keenan and through the harmonic melodies of Billy Howerdel with nothing but perfection. If you liked the last album you will love this one.
B00004RFFW|4.0|They're back.  Mel Gibson and Danny Glover return as LAPD cops Murtaugh and Riggs; this time they're on the tail of an African diplomat (Joss Ackland) who's using his diplomatic immunity to smuggle drugs in and out of the country.  Richard Donner returns to direct, and shows he hasn't changed a bit; Jeffrey Boam, who also scripted Spielberg's INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE, scripts; there's also a very good score by Eric Clapton, Michael Kamen and David Sanborn.  Joe Pesci enters the series here - he's hilarious.  The drive-thru sequence is unforgettable and an essential watch.<br />The biggest problem, I feel, is Riggs' new girlfriend, played by Patsy Kensit.  I know the film probably wouldn't make it without it, but hey, I don't know.  It just doesn't feel right to me - I mean, it was the whole point of the first film!  Riggs was going insane and...I don't know, it just doesn't feel right to me.  <br />If that doesn't matter to you, you'll like the film just fine.  It comes nowhere near being as good as the first film, but it cemented the series formula and continued one of the most successful action series of all time.<....
1400049628|4.0|I picked this book up as in impulse purchase. I never do that, even with stupid things like batteries, but I felt drawn to the book. Its really, really funny by dint of how deadpan serious it takes the subject of zombies. It's internally consistent, which helps a whole lot. Here's a sample line (from Attacking-Strategies-Underwater Battles-Scanning the Surface): &quot;Hooking on scuba gear and blindly diving into zombie-infested water is a wonderful way to mix the two childhood fears of being eaten and drowning.&quot; Fun, strangely engaging, and it'll look good on your shelf.
B00003CXZ1|3.0|In late 2000, it was official: video game legend \\"Tomb Raider\\" was to be adapted in to a major motion picture.  Fans rejoiced as they learned that sexy superstar Angelina Jolie would play the title role - what more could you possibly want?  The end result is LARA CROFT: TOMB RAIDER.<br />Jolie plays Lara Croft, a female Indiana Jones who is basically the same.  (The only big difference is she has a mansion, while he had a small house)  Racing against time and battling against an array of enemies (including a few creatures), Croft teams with ex Alex West (Daniel Craig) to recover an ancient artifact which allows it's users to travel through time.  Therefor, it would be pretty bad in the enemy's hands.  It's up to tightly-dressed, well-armed Ms. Croft to save the day while she kicks the enemy's ass.<br />First of all, let me say that I went into the theater expecting an \\"updated\\", more modern version of Indiana Jones.  I came out with a completely different version of the film.  While sporting some nice action scenes, TOMB RAIDER is unfortunately not much more than a showcase for star Jolie (not that I mind...).  There is fair directing, fair acting, fair just about everything except for a really nice techno soundtrack.  <br />If you don't expect an action/adventure film with Spielberg's direction and fun, then you'll be okay.<br />Video gamers will love it, but most everyone else will say \\"Tomb Raider?  Oh, that was okay\\".  And that's that.
6305878323|5.0|MARY POPPINS was a favorite of mine as a child, but oddly enough, I enjoy it even more now that I'm an adult.  Like most great children's stories, this one deals with serious issues -- like childhood loneliness and neglect -- in a warm and light-hearted way.  Julie Andrews is simply perfect as the governess of the title:  prim and proper yet fun-loving, too.  Her singing voice is in its golden prime here, making a musical treat of each of her songs.  Dick van Dyke's Bert is good-natured and fun; the role displays all of van Dyke's many talents:  acting, comedy, mime, singing, and dancing.  David Tomlinson is totally believable as Mr. Banks, the stern father who finally learns to appreciate his children.  The reason Tomlinson's performance is so convincing is that there is a certain absent-mindedness -- even silliness -- about him even when he is strict, so that it's not so very far-fetched that he would suddenly want to take off from work to \\"go fly a kite.\\"  The Banks children, Jane and Michael (Karen Dotrice and Matthew Garber), are also totally convincing -- as someone else wrote, they are real children and not \\"cute moppets.\\"  Ed Wynn, with that bubbly giggle that itself suggests someone who floats, is cleverly cast as Mary's Uncle Albert, who suffers from \\"chronic laughter,\\" making sheer delight of the tea party-on-the-ceiling scene, in which Jane and Michael learn how to laugh and enjoy themselves.  (This was the second of two Disney movies in which Wynn's character gave an eccentric tea party; the first, of course, was ALICE IN WONDERLAND.)  The movie is filmed in glorious technicolor, with lush settings that delight the eye as they evoke Edwardian London.  Oh, and I almost forgot to mention the score, which is simply the finest ever written for a Disney musical.  (\\"Feed the Birds, Tuppence a Bag\\" is one of my favorite songs ever, and it is obvious why \\"Chim-Chimeree\\" won an Oscar).  MARY POPPINS is a must-see for children -- or for any adult who wants to revisit childhood with its simplicity and fun.
B00003CXB7|5.0|Oh what a difference the decades make. This groundbreaking film, released in 1970, is inevitably found on everone's short-list of all-time greatest comedies. Director Robert Altman hit the bigtime with this one. And, many great films later, it's still widely considered his best. It should be seen especially by the young. Because it should be remembered that once there was a day when a film could be the director's personal vision, without regard for the social compacts of a given time. The 70's broke the written rules from before only to eventually succomb to the unwritten rules that were to follow.<br />At it's release, MASH was received as an overtly left-of-center showcase for the most urgent progressive causes: the anti-war movement, sexual liberation, integration, anti-authority, 70's style feminism. <br />The MASH version of feminism is particularly ironic. As in the later TV version, feminism is mostly expressed as a woman's \\"empowerment\\" to engage in promiscuous, premarital sex. Men and women engaged in open, frank and raunchy dialogue and interaction was then considered sexy, fresh, and indicative of the \\"new lines of honest communication\\" between the sexes. Today, men who talk to women as do captains Hawkeye (Donald Sutherland) or Trapper John (Elliott Gould) would be run out of the officer corps and sued for sexual harrassment. The famous Hotlips' (Sally Kellerman) shower scene would never make the final cut in today's Hollywood.<br />The liberal minded irony behind the handle \\"Spearchucker Jones\\" is now considered too subtle or esoteric to ever be trusted to modern audiences. A new movie would never risk such a character name in today's hyper-sensitive times.<br />The suicide-spoof scene is of a resounding political incorrectness. The linked lyrics in the original theme didn't even survive to see the TV series (which featured only the score). \\"Irreverence\\" in today's cinema is usually code for scatalogical humor. <br />The substance abuse/heavy drinking is portrayed off-handedly, incidentally and for comic effect. Today's director would need not even a prompt to self-censor himself through either: (a) direct, negative consequences for such behaviour, or (b) confining the imbibing to secondary, \\"idiot\\" characters.<br />The characters meant to show the Establishment's backside are only slightly more extreme than characters that are back on today's Good Guy rosters. In fact, some of the sanctimonious drivel from none other than Major Burns (Robert Duvall) is very similar to what, today, is uttered in all earnestness. <br />Like Welles' \\"Citizen Kane\\", Altman pioneered many fresh cinematic and soundtrack innovations here. Also, the viewer is flattered with nuanced characterizations and an absence of spoon-fed audience \\"lessons\\". More importantly, the viewer is presented a gut-splitting riot of comedic scenes that entertain throughout.
B00008H2LB|5.0|WHY WOULD NE 1 LIKE TO HATE THE MULTI PLATINUM SELLING BAND &quot;LINKIN PARK&quot; EH ? THEY ABSOLUTELY ROCK AND WRITE LYRICS FROM THE HEART. BOTH DA ALBUMS ROCK N I LIKE EM A LOT. THE CRITICAL REVIEWER SHOULD LIKE IT. WHY DOSENT HE ????
B000003TA4|5.0|Nirvana rocks they are the best band of all time.<br />1. Smells Like Teen- Spirit 100/10 Best nirvana song of all time... excuse me best song of all time.<BR>2. In Bloom-2nd best on the CD Very cool 10/10<BR>3. Come as You Are- AWESOME slow but awesome 9/10<BR>4. Breed- I love this song...It's so fast 11/10<BR>5. Lithium-Cool Song 10/10<BR>6. Polly-Slow but awesome 10/10<BR>7. Territorial Pissings- Awesome guitar and lyrics 11/10<BR>8. Drain You- I don't have a reason for liking it but 11/10<BR>9. Lounge Act- It's awesome but kind of weird<BR>10.This is aperfect example for grunge 12/10<BR>11. On a Plain- Kind of boring 8.9/10<BR>12.Something in the way- Good song i like it 10/10
B0000B3FCX|5.0|I have to say the first song is easily my favorite. It's the hardest track on the CD and really kicks things off nicely. It seems Nickelback decided to kick it up a notch and it works perfectly while still co-existing with the trademark Nickelback sound. The song &quot;Someday&quot; is vintage Nickelback and is one of the best songs on the disc but I can easily see at least three more top ten hits on this one, the first one being &quot;Figured You Out&quot; and &quot;Should've Listened&quot;. But if I got to pick the next single it would easily be &quot;Flat on the Floor&quot;. It's a hard-hitting, edgy song that rocks from beginning to end. This CD is even better than &quot;Silver Side Up&quot; and if you haven't seen Nickelback live yet then you are missing it. I only hope these guys release a live album in the near future. Get this one!!!
037542217X|4.0|Following on the heels of The No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency, Tears of the Giraffe, and Morality for Beautiful Girls, is this-the fourth entry in Smith's series about Botswanan private detective Precious Ramotswe, her master mechanic fianc&eacute; Mr. J.L.B. Matekoni, their assistant Ms. Makutsi, and their two foster children. Devotees of the series will likely deduce from the title that this particular entry will focus on Ms. Makutsi-former star pupil of the Botswana Secretarial College and expert typist. And they will be right, as the title refers to a school established by Ms. Makutsi in order to supplement her income as assistant detective and assistant garage manager.<br />There is only one real mystery in the slight volume, a man who wishes to make restitution for bad behavior of his some twenty years previously. This calls for Precious to track down two people and handle the matter with her usual delicacy. The only other case is a suspected case of infidelity with no mystery to it at all, and once again Precious's greatest difficulty lies in determining exactly what course of action to take in order to effect the best result for all concerned and achieve cosmic justice. Subplots include the ongoing trials of raising the two foster children, and the founding of a rival detective agency. This latter development held great potential for being a long-running obstacle for the Mma. Ramotswe, but is given short shrift and is dealt with all too easily. As in all the books in the series, Smith aims to portray a positive picture of modern Africa, one all too rarely seen in the West. It is both a celebration of the &quot;old ways&quot; of Africa, and a lament for their decline.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This CD completely knocked me on my ass at first because I went to the August 30th show in Calgary at MacEwan Hall and they played 5 songs from the new album but they were all kind of Mer de Noms-style with melodic, soaring vocals, but they were still hard and heavy like most of the songs off Mer de Noms.  So I was expecting Thirteenth Step to be like Mer de Noms except maybe with a little more Twiggy influence and I picked up the album and listened to it the day it came out and it knocked me on my ass becuase it was totally different from what I thought it would be.  Always a little surprise from Maynard.  But it's still an incredible CD, and while it's not as heavy as Mer de Noms and the arrangements maybe aren't as complex, it's still just as beautiful and awe-inspiring... like they said on their website, &quot;an exploration of the darker side of the human psyche&quot;.  A very chilling one at that.  Maynard's music always sends a chill down my spine and adrenaline through my veins without having to change time signatures every 4 bars or doing anything too fancy.  This is just beautiful, and very intelligently dark music.  Looking forward to more releases from A Perfect Circle.
B000092Q7O|5.0|I love the cinema of Roman Polanksi,ever since I watched a lonely, paranoid and frustrated Catherine Deneuve's descent into madness in his masterpiece Repulsion. In fact Polanski's films were one of the first I ever watched and thanks to them that I came to appreciate cinema as much more than mere entertainment, but an art form of the most sophisticated kind.<BR>He is truly one of the last directors/auteurs in cinema today,whose life,background and personal vision often collide with his fiction,to give us a unique blend and classic films.<BR>The Pianist is certainly his best film since since Chinatown,an EXTREMELY well directed movie,and of course it is his most personal.<BR>Interestingly enough,Polanksi has never approached on celluloid the subject of his identity/background as a Pole/East European on one hand, and his Jewish heritage and the suffering he experienced from the Nazis as a result on the other,(both his parents were sent to concentration camps, only his father survived the ordeal)..Until now that is.<BR>Adapting Wladyslaw Szpilman's own book about his experiences,hardships he faced and survival in the polish ghetto during the Nazi occupation of Poland,it is also true of Polanski's own experiences..He too had to flee the Nazis and learned how to survive. Although the film touches greatly on the suffering of the Polish Jews under the Nazis,(with harrowing images of cold brutality),it is a more personal story about survival,seen exclusively through the eyes of the gifted pianist(and indirectly Polanski's too).All the events that unfold during and up to the end of the war revolves around his perception and condition.<BR>The process of one man's survival against impossible odds that never diminished his love of music,the hunger that never clashed with his sense of humanity..This is really  what the Pianist is about, and this is what makes it a fine film.<BR>There are many haunting images and unforgettable scenes in the Pianist, but the one I most vividly remember is when Szpilman plays a beautiful Chopin ballad for the first time in years for the German officer,hesitant and confused at first but then totally immersed in the music as if  transported into another universe, an energy suddenly bursting that does not fail to impress the officer who saves his life.<BR>This was an extremely powerful scene!<BR>Throughout his career Polanski has chosen his actors well, so naturally it was an inspired choice to cast the wonderful Adrien Brody for the lead role,earning him a well deserved Oscar.<BR>Polanksi in the Pianist has for the first time faced his own past and background, and in a way also exorcised his own demons as much as Wladyslaw Szpilman did in his book,two men who have suffered greatly,two artists who share a common love for their craft: one never leaving Warsaw, the other returning years after to tell the story of the Pianist, and his own too..
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|i saw a perfect circle live and knew i was in for a ride when i bought the cd.  it was just so beautiful.  i like to describe it as picturesque and grotesque.  the song as so pretty and imaginitive while the lyrics are alittle suspicious.  i love the balance of the two extremes.  a very beautifully done album.
020530902X|5.0|This book, which, while not sacrosanct, surely deserves its reputation. I found it surprisingly funny. E.B. White in the Introduction tells us that his old professor William Strunk once seriously advocated introducing the word \\"studentry\\" in place of the phrase \\"student body,\\" which he found horrid.  Now studentry is worse, and we can all be glad it was never adopted. But Strunk, despite his observations on fiction writing in the last chapter (including, surprisingly, the old saw that any rule can be broken in capable hands), is primarily a teacher not a writer. The most famous single bit of advice he gives is \\"Omit needless words,\\" which Stephen King recycles in his On Writing book. (Stephen King seems to recycle other things-I just noticed that Theodore Sturgeon, the real life model for Vonnegut's science fiction writer Kilgore Trout-made his name with a story called \\"It.\\" Oh well-Shakespeare did it: talented artists borrow, great ones steal.) This, of course, is sound advice-although pretty much completely ignored by all politicians, scientists and philosophers. Hemingway took the advice and look what happened to him. I digress. One of the funny bits for me was Strunk's analysis of roadside signs and their effect on linguistic evolution.  The correct adjective for being capable of catching fire is \\"inflammable,\\" Strunk reminds us-but it had to be shortened (as did Throughway into Thruway) in order to fit on those sloshing trucks full of toxic liquids.  It also, Strunk happily sneers, appears to illiterates to be negated by the prefix, which might make idiots to think something was fireproof rather than the opposite. (Something somewhat similar happened in one of Dr. Ruth's books, when the word \\"conception\\" and \\"contraception\\" somehow switched places; the book had to be \\"recalled.\\") Strunk is very good on giving us shortcuts to distinguish between \\"which\\" and \\"that,\\" in analyzing and correcting common mistakes and showing how they both reflect, and perpetuate, a sloppiness of thinking.  Some of his pet peeves, however, such as \\"enormous\\"-a word, he tells us, which should always contain a connotation of the hideous, and not be used simply to mean \\"very big\\"-have been superceded (as in fairness he suspected they might) by the continuing evolution (devolution?) of the language. Some people considered to be good writers flagrantly flout Strunk's elements (elements?) of style. Umberto Eco, for example, routinely interpolates foreign phrases (which for him would be non-Italian ones) into his prose. Stephen Jay Gould is guilty both of foreign phrase insertion and the putting of quotes-to distance himself from them-around idiomatic phrases (which he nonetheless apparently feels compelled to use).  I recently heard on the radio an executive editor at Miriam-Webster say that, because of the internet and global communications, new words make it to the dictionary in twice the time they used to-in five years on average rather than ten.  Other words, like \\"microrecorder\\" (used to read microfiche, a pre-computer technology) have been removed from the dictionary.  I received a form letter from a well-respected Southern lawyer yesterday that would have struck out with Strunk because of its adverb \\"hopefully\\"-which is almost always means more than you want it to. Hopefully I will end this review. (Hoping referring to my mood, that I will, say, rise in the Amazon reviewer ranks? Or do I hope I will end the review?) Sloppy language is rampant: among the biggest blah-blah phrases are: \\"the fact that,\\" \\"it is interesting to note,\\" and \\"as evidenced by.\\" Strunk busts pretentious writing wide open. And yet he is acutely aware of the limits of his analysis. This book, a labor of love by a lover of language, is great to read if you want to communicate (and think) more clearly.loppiness of thinking.  Some of his pet peeves, however, such as \\"enormous\\"-a word, he tells us, which should always contain a connotation of the hideous, and not be used simply to mean \\"very big\\"-have been superceded (as in fairness he suspected they might) by the continuing evolution (devolution?) of the language. Some people considered to be good writers flagrantly flout Strunk's elements (elements?) of style. Umberto Eco, for example, routinely interpolates foreign phrases (which for him would be non-Italian ones) into his prose. Stephen Jay Gould is guilty both of foreign phrase insertion and the putting of quotes-to distance himself from them-around idiomatic phrases (which he nonetheless apparently feels compelled to use).  I recently heard on the radio an executive editor at Miriam-Webster say that, because of the internet and global communications, new words make it to the dictionary in twice the time they used to-in five years on average rather than ten.  Other words, like \\"microrecorder\\" (used to read microfiche, a pre-computer technology) have been removed from the dictionary.  I received a form letter from a well-respected Southern lawyer yesterday that would have struck out with Strunk because of its adverb \\"hopefully\\"-which is almost always means more than you want it to. Hopefully I will end this review. (Hoping referring to my mood, that I will, say, rise in the Amazon reviewer ranks? Or do I hope I will end the review?) Sloppy language is rampant: among the biggest blah-blah phrases are: \\"the fact that,\\" \\"it is interesting to note,\\" and \\"as evidenced by.\\" Strunk busts pretentious writing wide open. And yet he is acutely aware of the limits of his analysis. This book, a labor of love by a lover of language, is great to read if you want to communicate (and think) more clearly.
0385512104|5.0|This is a very well written and deceptively simple book. The boy at the center of the novel has Asperger's syndrome and as I have a close relative with this I can certainly attest to the accuracy of the descriptions of this condition. However, this book transcends Asperger's and is ultimately a very moving and genuinely uplifting account of a boy's investigations into the death of a dog. I couldn't recommend it more highly. Plus if you happen to like mathematics, there aren't many novels with the Monty Hall problem in them!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|A Perfect Cirlce, not visible that much on the radio, but fully visible in the rock/goth world. I'm not joking this record is awsome, but don't just take my word on it. Go and listen to it buy it, I know you will any way. A Perfect is one of my personal favorite bands. Just check it out, and if u don't like it. Who cares! At least you gave the band some recognition.<BR>  don't forget to rate it! Keep shopping at amazon.com where I get all of my CD's!!<br />                               Signed, Satisfied customer, Joshua Pujol
6304057709|5.0|I love this movie.  It is faithful to Austen, and a great way to spend a couple of hours.
0385504209|1.0|The story is unusual, I'll give it that much. But don't editors do their jobs at all any more? There are so many grammar errors peppered throughout the book that I have to wonder if anybody with a basic grasp of the rules of written English read the manuscript before publication. Someone should teach either Mr. Brown or his editors the difference between &quot;like&quot; and &quot;as,&quot; the proper use of the past imperfect tense, and how to conjugate the verb &quot;lay&quot; before he publishes another book. As for factual accuracy, I am no Grail historian, but there were some blatant bloopers. For instance, the left brain is listed as the &quot;irrational&quot; half of the brain in a list of left-sided items that are supposedly wrongfully associated with femininity. The left half of the brain, of course, is the logical, analytical side. It's the right brain that is supposedly more intuitive and irrational. And the association comes from scientific research, not from dastardly Catholic propaganda. If the book got something as obvious as this wrong, I have to assume that many of its more esoteric &quot;facts&quot; are just as far off. Finally, most of the clues, supposedly so terribly hard to guess that a Harvard symbologist has to be recruited to analyze them, are painfully transparent. I guessed every one of them long before the characters did. All told -- a big disappointment.
0930289528|5.0|A great immersive graphic novel - read it!  But come on Editorial Reviewers, get it right!  Germany doesn't win World War II in this novel!  There is a war some years (but not decades) before the novel is set, and from it emerges a fascist regime that is influenced by a right-wing interpretation of Nordic, Anglo-Saxon, and British history.
B00003CXPJ|5.0|Derek Zoolander is a male model whose career is starting to decline. He disgraces himself at a male model awards show and experiences an emotional crisis. As we all know, the male model industry has been responsible for all major political assassinations in modern history (OK I do teach History and Political Science, but I also have a sense of humor), so it's only a matter of time before Zoolander, a male model on the downward spiral, is brainwashed to join the rank of world-historic model assassins. His mission: to assassinate the prime minister of Malaysia.<br />To control Derek, the fashion industry brainwashes him, making him a perfect assassin. This is like Manchurian candidate meeting Stiller's wacky talent. This is a funny movie with a great cast of characters and celebrities. I loved it! The movie is quite funny and really fast paced. And here is something to ponder: how many male models does it take to find a computer file? Stiller and Owen were really trying to dismantle and iMac in this one. If you have not seen this film you are missing out--it's very entertaining indeed.
0385504209|4.0|Harvard University symbologist Robert Langdon is in Paris when he is awakened in the middle of the night by the police to come to the Louvre.  Someone killed museum chief curator Jacques Saunier in the most secure section, Grand Gallery near the Mona Lisa.  The culprit left behind enigmatic messages including bringing Langdon into the investigation.<br />The police syspect Langdon killed the curator, but cannot prove it.  Meanwhile he joins with French cryptologist Sophie Neveuto in an effort to solve the puzzle of the message that both believe will lead to the identity of the killer.  They begin to decode clues that when combined forms a map depicting the locale of the Holy Grail and proof of the existence of Jesus.  However, several secret societies will use anything including murder to insure that the Grail remains hidden.<br />The sequel to the exciting tale ANGELS AND DEMONS, THE DA VINCI CODE is a fast-paced tale that will provide much pleasure to readers who enjoy religious thrillers.  The police procedural takes a back seat to the engaging Langdon-Neveuto deciphering of the codes as the two characters are a delightful lead pair.  Though the story line occasionally detours into religious history sermons, fans will appreciate this fine action-packed novel.<br />Harriet Klausner
0800130928|5.0|This movie had it all; good acting, good directing, porn, cursing and violence. It invented a new type of movie, where things were not always centered or even in the screen, making it more realistic to the human view of things. The characters were different every time you saw them, as people change constantly, yet there basic personality remained to give it structure. It observed the real physicopaths, who aren't freaks in a farm house with dead bodies everywhere. Bye
B000002UJQ|5.0|It really takes a certain kind of person to be able to appreciate this. Radiohead is not meant to be listened by everyone because the ones who dont understand it arent really mature enough to be able to comprehend and really get into the songs. But if you are the kind of person who appreciates good music, give then a chance. They will change your life for the better.
B0000029DD|5.0|There's not much more that can be said about this album without resorting to crude superlatives. It has indeed drawn a lot of ink since its release in 1995. The sheer audacity and brilliance of an unknown quantity delivering an album of this magnitude is, by and large, the most compelling reason to add it to your collection. <br />His legacy would have been secured by his immaculate rendition of Leonard Cohen's &quot;Hallelujah&quot; alone (outdoing the original, in my opinion), but to this gem he added raw, emotionally-charged numbers (&quot;Grace&quot; and &quot;Last Goodbye&quot;), and others whose mere presence on a freshman album (&quot;Corpus Christi Carol&quot; and &quot;Lilac Wine&quot;) speaks volumes of the passion and conviction with which Buckley infused his art.<br />Truly a classic.
0060934719|4.0|Neil Gaiman is certainly a writer of unusual fiction.  His works are a mixture of reality, fantasy and fairy tale.  'stardust' is no exception.  It is best described as a blend of 'Gormanghast' and 'Harry Potter'.  The former is a fantasy novel for adults, the latter more for children.  All take place in England, or someplace sort of resembling England.  All are about the dreams and fantasies of young men.  And thankfully, all are worthy reads in their own special way.<br />'stardust' is a romance story, chronicling the adventures of a young man seeking to retrieve a fallen star as a gift for his young love.  He embarks on a journey into a land of witches, unicorns, and other marvellous beings.  No spoilers here, but I will say the book is somewhat ruined by one fairly explicit (but not vulgar) love scene.  I say spoiled because beyond this scene 'stardust' would be perfect reading material for young teenagers.  As it is I would advise parents not to place it on their children's reading list.<br />Bottom line: classic Gaiman, which means very good fantasy reading material.  Recommended.
0345440900|2.0|Tracy Hogg says many times that her book is about \\"the middle road\\" between scheduling and on-demand parenting, but it's really just another book about scheduling and training your baby. She implies that attachment parenting is only about stuffing a breast in your baby every time they cry while her method is about reading a baby's cues but how is a set 3 hour schedule reading a baby's cues?  She recommends scheduling feedings and weaning at 6 months in spite of the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) statement recommending on-demand breastfeeding for at least one year. The AAP is generally a pretty conservative body, which makes this book's recommendations even more shocking. <BR>She recommends not holding your baby beyond their basic need for comfort and recommends teaching your child to \\"self-soothe\\" from birth, even though babies do not have the ability to self-soothe until at least 3 months of age. This book is not middle ground. It is really that same old \\"don't hold that baby too much or you'll spoil him\\" Victorian philosophy coming back to haunt us. And it annoys me that the only recommendations on the back are from screenwriters and celebrities, not pediatricians or other specialists.
0385504209|1.0|I have to agree with the other 1 star reviewers..this book is AWFUL. It does read like a high school &quot;first draft&quot;. Silly plot, too much gibberish, just a complete waste of time. I usually stay away from the BEST SELLER list, now I know why!!  And, no, I didn't buy this book, a well meaing friend sent it to me. My advice, wait for the awful movie that is sure to follow!!Whatever happened to intelligent, thoughtful, truly interesting writing???????
B00005QZ7U|1.0|I rented this movie after watching Chicago because I figured that since Chicago was so good Moulin Rouge must be better. I was dreadfully wrong. Chicago had origional songs with an ok plot, but I couldn't even get through the first half hour of Moulin Rouge. The movie was too busy for my taste with too much going on all at once. I didn't care for the music and thought it was entirely out of place. Maybe if the movie had it's own music and the numbers weren't so chaotic I might have been able to enjoy it. Nicole Kidman does have a nice voice, it's just too bad it was waisted on this movie.
B0000B3FCX|4.0|I was a big fan of 'Silver side up', and i anticipated the next chapter in nickelback and i wasnt disapointed. Like every new music played for the first time i didnt find allot of it catchy but after listening to it for about a day i was totally hooked<BR>'The Long Road' starts off with a bang with flat on the floor and if you didnt know who were listening to you'd know instantly because of the style nickelback play. That was probably the only down side to the album, allot of it sounds basically the same but after the success of silver side up, i think they wanted mostly the same success with the same kind of music.<BR>Three quarters of the tracks i love, including do this anymore, someday and feelin way too damn good so if you liked silver side up and want more, nickelbacks new one is the next album you should buy.
0156027321|3.0|What kept me reading this novel was not the anticipation of a faith altering fable, because if that were solely the pay off, I would have felt sorely cheated.  The religious meanderings of Martel in the opening chapters read like simplified, homey Herman Hesse (a budding boating bildungsroman), and the lack of focus in the first 80 or 90 pages seemed to me a reflection of Martel's struggle to create a sense of place and authenticity.  He is familiar with Pondicherry and Hinduism in his own way, yet they don't seem to know him very well.  Martel purports to tell the story of the \\"real\\" Pi in italicized interjections to undermine the narrator's authority so as to give power to the fablesque aspects of the narrative and perhaps justify the poorly written first third of the book, however, those sections could have easily been dropped and none would be the wiser.  Such a \\"clever\\" device proves to be quite the cop out as well, as it also permits Martel to write the most saccharine, self-indulgent, self-congratulatory ending without taking responsibility for it.  To be honest, what kept me reading is my prior knowledge that the book had won the Booker prize, and I was determined to discover how and why.  The book does take off to be a cute adventure tale when the open sea proves to be a less obstructive backdrop for Martel to tell his story of Pi.  The details of daily life on the raft I found compelling reading, being a big sucker for survival stories.  The spiritual musings, however, came across as philosophy-lite which probably led to much of its popularity (i.e. speedy read).  I supppose if I were inclined toward the school of utopian spirituality (if the pan-religious sprinklings were discarded and the word \\"Jesus\\" thrown in a few times, I wouldn't have been surprised to find this book on the shelf at the local Christian bookshop), I would have paused and hmmmm'ed, but I can't say that I did.  I guess I lack faith.  It was a simple and entertaining tale that drowned in its own self-importance.  How it captured the Booker prize, to reside alongside truly great and thought provoking novels (where religion and survival prove to be far more complicated than a simple question of \\"faith\\") such as Rushdie's \\"Midnight's Children\\" and Golding's \\"Rites of Passage\\" (which also takes place on the open sea, and in comparison makes \\"Life of Pi\\" read like Dr. Seuss), baffles me.  It just goes to prove that the big book awards have turned into nothing more than popularity contests.
B00005U122|5.0|Giving this concert-dvd a five star review did not take much thought -- simply because after Waters fired his lighter at the end of -Each Small Candle- I knew that I had seen a great live performance -- perhaps one of the greatest.  What makes this frustrating is that I did not see this tour live when I had the chance to.  Discouraged because I thought, &quot;Oh, Roger Waters has a band covering Pink Floyd songs,&quot; I did not go; frankly, I was hardly motivated.  What a mistake I made.  Again: What a mistake I made.  I have owned this dvd for over a year now and have watched it, in its entirely, at least once every month.  Friends who did not like Pink Floyd now appreciate -Animals- because of this dvd.  Call it an obsession if you will, this is one of the most brilliantly composed and professional shows I've ever seen; and until I saw this video, U2's Popmart World Tour and Depeche Mode's Singles Tour ranked as the top two highest-energy concerts I'd ever seen.  Except I saw those performances live.  That one could have a live experience, with the constant chills-up-your-spine reaction -- the thrill of being live -- with a dvd, is beyond me.<br />Above all, I cannot urge all of you who read this to check out Doyle Bramhall ii -- his solo work.  Picked by Waters, over Jeff Beck, to sing and play the parts of David Gilmour -- quite the daunting task -- not only does Bramhall succeed triumphantly, he plays these songs and solos upside down.  And that is not a metaphor.  Bramhall was taught by Stevie Ray and Jimmy Vaughan, and is a champion of honest and good music.  His latest album, -Welcome-, is inspired by his work with Waters.  Alongside Bramhall is Snowy White whose fine guitar playing literally crackles, especially during -Shine On You Crazy Diamond-.  Both of these &quot;hired guns&quot; together make for one intense show.<br />And then Jon Carin playing the part of Richard Wright.  Jon Carin.  Having seen Jon back Richard up on the Pulse/Division Bell Tour,there is no better man for this job.  Watching Jon play (as he sings -Dogs-, plays a beautiful Martin acoustic, slide guitar and Wright's parts on keyboard, (sometimes all the same song!) makes him, in my opinion, one of the most talented musicians on the stage.<br />And Roger Waters -- there is no explanation I can give, no persuasion.  He is in top form.  His voice carries on.  Most importantly, though: know that this is not Pink Floyd; this is Roger Waters.  This is what he wants.  Watch this dvd and then watch Pulse.  One is not better than the other.  It all comes down to &quot;vision&quot;.  In the Flesh Live is Waters' vision.<br />I could go on and on about this dvd because I love it that much.  Again, I return to my regret that I did not see this show live.  You can, however, purchase it; and if you're at all like me, express a similar regret that you did not see it live; or, if you saw it live, know you saw one of the best shows that ever came to town.
0440237688|4.0|I thought that this book was very good. It shows you how life would be like if you did not have to make life choices. It was also really sad. I really liked Jonas because I could really relate to him, when he talks about his nervousness due to him wanting to know how his life is going to turn out. This book is good for anyone who has time to read an easy fun book that you should enjoy.
6304698623|5.0|This movie is amazing. I remember seeing it a few years ago and have always wanted to buy it. I was so excited when I found it on here. This movie is too good to pass up. It is perfect for little girls to watch. My dad always called me his little princess, so this movie stuck out to me. It's just too cute!
B00006RU5B|5.0|I bought this CD for 2 reasons:<BR>1) Rage Against the Machine, if you're one of the few who didn't already know, is the major part of Audioslave, and Rage is the best.<BR>2) Cochise (Need I say more...)<BR>This is just a great CD. It's Rage's latest music (technically), which is always a plus. You definitely know it's Rage because of the style of music, but it has a cool twist cause of the other people involved. And while I bought it for Cochise, I ended up loving the other songs, too. The sign of a great CD.
B00008J4P5|5.0|i bought this CD because i remembered hearing them play on some awards show and loving them but writing them off as just a one hit new garage band on mtv.  i was right and wrong. right - i love them wrong - this is the best album i've heard in years and one of the best albums i've ever heard.  it reminds me of my first listening of nirvana and what was to come.  will white stripes go that far - probably not. more to do with the times then anything else i suppose.  but, here is my review of this album.<br />it will blow you away.  real talent. originality.  it's everything matchbox 20 and john mayer aren't.  sure both are talented but is john mayer james taylor - no.  white stripes stand alone. sure they have zepplin influences, queen but they are not knockoffs - just listen to the songs. the voice, the guitar. it's coming from somewhere inside. Every song on the albums is great. chills.  seven nation army - great. then you hear track six and jack is singing with a piano and you are like what the ****.  is this lennon/mccartney.
0553382179|1.0|I was not impressed with Sink Reflections.  I found it dull, not well written, and not at all useful.  I felt much of the information presented in the book was taken from Pam Young and Peggy Jones SHE system.  Let the backlash begin!!!
B0000BYM3K|3.0|im a pretty big maiden fan...this is now my 15th maiden album...prob no.10th in ranking...its a good album...not their best...paschendale is the only 5/5...i enjoyed dance of death and face in the sand too...the rest are ok but dont stick in your head...one of the best guitar albums tho..brilliant solos...some of their best in fact...thumbs up to adrian on this one for paschendale tho...love that song.......<BR>if u enjoyed the heavier maiden...this aint for u...not a fast album like powerslave...<BR>i give wildest dreams a 2/10...pretty lollipop song lol,<BR>rainmaker a 5/10<BR>no more lies 4/10<BR>montsegur 6.5/10<BR>dance of death 8.5/10<BR>gates of tommorow 6/10<BR>new frontier 6.5/10<BR>pashendale 10/10<BR>face in the sand 8/10<BR>age of innocence 7.5/10<BR>journeyman 5.5/10<BR>this is only my rating ppl...it differs to everyone i guess
B0000028RR|5.0|I bought this album the second I got home from a friend's house who was playing &quot;Wake Up&quot; when I got there. It was and is the best CD I have ever heard. The great thing is it isn't just one good person. Zach de la Rocha is great, Tom Morello is unbelievabe, the entire band plays great music. Although Nirvana plays awesome music, I usually buy their CD's for one song such as Smells Like Teen Spirit. The entire album is good, from the awesome sound of Bombtrack to the powerful Wake Up to Know Your Enemy, etc. Definitely better than anything I've ever heard.
6304383177|5.0|It's hard to believe that when \\"Bringing Up Baby\\" was first released in early 1938, it was a flop at the box-office, no doubt due to Katharine Hepburn being branded \\"box-office poison\\".  However, with the passage of time as well as frequent showings on TV & video, this film has been judged to be the supreme example of the popular 1930's genre known as \\"screwball\\" comedy involving zany humor & seemingly implausible situations that the characters involved get themselves into & out of - so much so that \\"Bringing Up Baby\\" is now listed on the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress as being among a select group of American movies to be preserved for posterity.<br />Kate the Great shines brightly in this, her first & only foray into slapstick humor, as she & Cary Grant progress from one disaster to another.  Grant plays the role of David Huxley, a somewhat stuffy paleontologist trying to complete a dinosaur skeleton he's been working on for four years by obtaining the final fossilized bone - an \\"intercostal clavicle\\". Hepburn is Susan Vance, a wealthy heiress who plays a free-spirited counterpoint to Huxley's primness.  Needless to say, the sparks start to fly after David & Susan first come into contact with each other.  <br />The screwball ride \\"Bringing Up Baby\\" takes the viewer on begins when Kate & Cary meet at a golf course where she plays his ball that was hooked off the first tee back to the 18th fairway, then starts to escalate when Hepburn drives off in Grant's car while he's riding on the running board.  From there one must hang on for the even wilder ride that follows which includes a pet leopard named Baby (the film's namesake), a yappy wire-haired terrier named George (Asta from the \\"Thin Man\\" series) who steals the priceless dinosaur bone, a pompous big-game hunter who can't tell the sound of a leopard from that of a loon, and a second vicious leopard that escapes from a circus truck as it is taken to be destroyed.    <br />\\"Bringing Up Baby\\" is also strengthened by a solid supporting cast that includes Virginia Walker (a former Boston socialite in her first film) as David Huxley's prudish fiancee Alice Swallow, May Robson as Susan Vance's aunt Elizabeth, Barry Fitzgerald as a temperamental Irish gardener, Charlie Ruggles as the big-game hunter, and - my personal favorite - Walter Catlett as a gesturing, posturing town constable.<br />As an example of this movie's timelessness, an acquaintance told me of how they recently watched \\"Bringing Up Baby\\" with a group of teenagers who were literally rolling on the floor laughing at the on-screen antics.  I'd be rather surprised if anyone watching this film for the first time wouldn't be doing the same thing.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|Rufus fans definitely aren't disappointed with his new release, &quot;Want One!&quot;  I know I had originally thought, how could he top &quot;Poses?&quot;  That album was nearly perfect!!  But Wainwright never ceases to amaze, and does it again, and better than ever!!  Opulence and sass never sounded better!
B00005JLT5|5.0|There are moments in this film that I have never seen before, and many other scenes reminiscent of \\"Schindler's List.\\"  The major difference between this and Spielberg's gem is that \\"Schindler's List\\" is more objective, and \\"The Pianist\\" is subjective.  In this film a rapport develops with Szpilman and you see the horror through his tired eyes. The direction is astounding, and I pity anyone who did not see this on the big screen. There are many shocking scenes, most of which happen so fast that they are indigestible before the next horrifiying sequence.  This may leave some people feeling cold, but the technical filmaking in this movie is superb.  Roman Polanski richly deserved the Oscar for Best Director. This is a moving film with many unnerving scenes that linger long after the lights have come up.
B00007J5VN|2.0|I'm amazed that some studio gave Fosse the chance to direct again after this downright failure.  I do have to give some of the blame (ok, most) to Shirley MacLaine who is annoying, needy, and badly acted/sung/danced.  I want to sock her Charity in the nose almost ceaslessly.  <br />The only let up from her killing the part are Fosse's dance numbers.  &quot;Rich Man's Frug&quot; lives up to its reputation, and &quot;Rhythem of Life&quot; are amazing. ( My friend and I were ready to burn the tape we were watching, and then &quot;Rhythem&quot; came on.  We stayed for the rest of the movie.)  Fosse as a director also seems to care only when his signature dances, or any dances, come on.  That's when the camera usage that one gets to know so well in Cabaret and All That Jazz come in.  During the naratives, he seems bored with the story and doesn't put nearly enough energy into it.  One is left waiting for the stars, (preferably not Ms. MacLaine) to sing and dance for all they're worth for all the movie.  It is also too long.  I felt the ending was not harsh enough to Ms. MacLaine's Charity.  An STD would have satisfied me.
B00006AUIG|5.0|There are only a few films which I consider very good, but which have disturbed me on such a level that I never want to see them again. &quot;Session 9&quot; has been added to that short list.<br /><br />Bear in mind that this means I consider &quot;Session 9&quot; to be a very effective, skillfully-made movie; perhaps one of the best horror films (in the classic sense) I've seen in some time. Far more genuinely frightening than &quot;The Ring&quot; or &quot;The Blair Witch Project,&quot; while avoiding the &quot;hipness&quot; of the Scream series or &quot;Jeepers Creepers,&quot; &quot;Session 9&quot; is filled with everything any real fan of horror movies can't help but appreciate. To be honest, I haven't been this creeped out while watching a movie since I saw &quot;Jacob's Ladder&quot; for the first time, and even that film (though fascinating) didn't disturb me on the level that &quot;Session 9&quot; did.<br />The medium of film makes the telling of a horror story particularly difficult, as a careful filmmaker has to decide just what to show, and when. A good horror writer knows when the best moment to show the monster is... or if to show it at all. In film, this becomes even more of a problem, as it is a medium based largely on visuals. Not showing the Monster to the audience can either enhance suspense or increase frustration, depending on how its handled, but once the monster is seen it is almost always a disappointment. A film like &quot;The Haunting&quot; (the original version, mind you, not the recent remake) succeeds because it maintains suspense through sound and great cinematography, despite the fact that we never see what's making all the noise, while the aforementioned &quot;Jacob's Ladder&quot; works so well because while we are given glimpses of frightening things and creatures, they are never shown clearly. What we come away with is flashes of frightening imagery, leaving plenty of room for an active imagination to fill in the gaps. As Alfred Hitchcock put it, &quot;There is no terror in the bang, only in the anticipation of it.&quot;<br />&quot;Session 9&quot; is almost nothing but anticipation, but it is masterfully handled and never becomes frustrating. From the first minutes of the film to the very end, the viewer is never sure what to expect, and often expects the worst. In a particularly good segment, near the end of the film, several points of view on the story are advancing all at once, independent of one another but intersecting at key events. The level of suspense maintained in this sequence is nothing short of intense, and yet it is done while showing very little graphically. In fact, we don't find out what actually happened in that sequence until several minutes later, and even then the answers come with only subtle visuals. Like an Edgar Allen Poe story, the entire purpose of &quot;Session 9&quot; seems to be to establish and maintain a level of fear and uncertainty in the viewer, keeping them guessing until the very end. And this it does, with surprising subtlety.<br />Perhaps one of the most important elements of a good horror movie for me is effective use of imagery, a task which &quot;Session 9&quot; accomplishes easily. This goes back to the earlier point about subtlety and anticipation. There are a number of scenes in &quot;Session 9&quot; which make excellent use of imagery to this end. A shot of a narrow hallway, for example, lit along its length by several bare lightbulbs. A young man is running through this hallway, and lights are going out rapidly behind him. The darkness overtakes and engulfs the young man in a matter of a couple seconds. What makes this shot especially effective is that we already know that he is afraid of the dark. The &quot;signature&quot; shot of the film, a beat-up wheelchair caught in a ray of sun at the end of a decrepit hallway, sets the mood early on in the film quite effectively. Other details, such as a shape moving in darkness, or a bloody handprint smeared on a door, or the plastic sheeting covering the walls in the old asylum, are all handled well. &quot;Session 9&quot; is a movie of exceptional detail in its imagery.<br />Another important element to good horror movies is sound. Perhaps even moreso than imagery, sound can convey fear and anticipation quite effectively if used correctly. In &quot;Session 9,&quot; there are a number of uses of sound that are notable. In the old asylum, particularly, there are noises throughout the film. It drips, it scrapes, it creaks, it echoes. The asylum seems almost to have a life of its own, with all of the strange sounds it makes. And the taped recordings, from which &quot;Session 9&quot; gets it name, have a subtle yet creepy warble in them, in which the voices are periodically warped. It's a small thing that added to the overall effect, but then most effective elements of filmmaking are small things. While watching this film, it's just as important to listen as it is to look.<br />The devil is in the details, and in &quot;Session 9,&quot; all the skillful details add up to a devilish movie indeed. The film makes no compunction about being simply a scary movie, one which is intended to unnerve its audience, and by the time it is over it has accomplished this goal admirably. Its ending touches on a subject which disturbs me pretty deeply, which is the reason I'll likely never watch it again. However, the way I see it, that is merely another testament to the fact that it remains a deeply effective horror film, in that it got under my skin so completely. Not many movies can do that, and those that do are worthy of attention.n a door, or the plastic sheeting covering the walls in the old asylum, are all handled well. &quot;Session 9&quot; is a movie of exceptional detail in its imagery.<br />Another important element to good horror movies is sound. Perhaps even moreso than imagery, sound can convey fear and anticipation quite effectively if used correctly. In &quot;Session 9,&quot; there are a number of uses of sound that are notable. In the old asylum, particularly, there are noises throughout the film. It drips, it scrapes, it creaks, it echoes. The asylum seems almost to have a life of its own, with all of the strange sounds it makes. And the taped recordings, from which &quot;Session 9&quot; gets it name, have a subtle yet creepy warble in them, in which the voices are periodically warped. It's a small thing that added to the overall effect, but then most effective elements of filmmaking are small things. While watching this film, it's just as important to listen as it is to look.<br />The devil is in the details, and in &quot;Session 9,&quot; all the skillful details add up to a devilish movie indeed. The film makes no compunction about being simply a scary movie, one which is intended to unnerve its audience, and by the time it is over it has accomplished this goal admirably. Its ending touches on a subject which disturbs me pretty deeply, which is the reason I'll likely never watch it again. However, the way I see it, that is merely another testament to the fact that it remains a deeply effective horror film, in that it got under my skin so completely. Not many movies can do that, and those that do are worthy of attention.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I thought that this was a great album.  I have Mer de Noms which is excellent, and this is a great addition to APC.  It's a lot different than what I thought it might be. It's a very diverse collection of songs, some of which slightly remind me of some Nine Inch Nails.  There's also a bit of Ben Folds Five-ish feel to &quot;The Nurse Who Loved Me&quot;. I do miss Paz and Troy being included as a whole, but they were involved with some of the writing on a few songs, Gravity being one.  Also, Troy played guitar on Gravity, Vanishing, and Package, which I loved. All in all it was awesome!
0446608955|1.0|seriously, if you want to hear about this story so much, go see the movie. this book was the most revolting, disgusting, boring, cliche'd book ive ever read. it was much too religious for anyone to stand too. i cannot understand at all why there are so many five star reviews and how this guy is a ny times bestseller author. its just insanely BAAAAAAAAAD!!!!!!!!!!
B0000640SA|5.0|I've seen this film 8 times. The first time I saw it, the movie ended, and I sat there with my eyes wide open and said &quot;...Woah.&quot; I then bought this special edition and watched it 7 more times, including the time I watched it in chronological order. Unfortunately, I had my theory about the movie DOWN after 7 viewings, but then the 8th viewing left me thinking too hard, and I lost my theory. I'm so confused. And that's because it's an intricate, complex, mind-numbing film. This movie is utterly amazing. Just AMAZING. We have a guy named Leonard who wants to avenge his wife's rape and death. Sure, that's pretty good, basic but good. But now we throw in something else. Leonard has &quot;short term memory loss&quot; because of a head injury he received during his wife's assault. This causes our man Leonard to forget everything that happened after the injury after about 15 minutes. If he meets a person and has an hour long conversation with them, the next day he will have completely forgotten that person. Genius. Now, add this final twist: make the film backwards. So, the scene you're watching came after the scene that you're watching next, etc. Masterpiece. This is my favorite movie, and it takes multiple viewings and maybe some cheating (watching it in chronolgical order) to straighten it all up in your mind. The features on the DVD are wonderful. It has the short story which the movie was based on, the movie in chronological order, photographs of props used, film posters, documentaries. The single problem is that the special edition DVD itself is insane. The first disc which contains the movie lists a bunch of words and you have to choose through each one to find the single word that starts the movie. The second disc has you searching through loads of images and questions that would belong in a psychological exam to find the special features. If it weren't for this masterpiece movie, the DVD would have dragged it down to 4 stars. But what can I say? It's just way too good.
B000005RQT|5.0|A CLASSIC!<BR>An essential album for Rock enthusiasts.<br />Buy it today.
B00005RHGK|1.0|theres not to many horror movies that I think really suck ass.<BR>but im proud to say this is one horror movie that really stinks.<BR>flys wont even land on this garbage!<br />The highlight of the whole god damn movie besides the credits is hmm the creeper eating the cops tung out(but that wasnt even all that cool im jus tryin to find a little light in this crap)<br />the extra features on the dvd is not bad. theres alote of crap about this ledgendary peace of crap on it<br />I wached the &quot;making of this crap&quot; on the dvd and it almost made the movie look good (thats untill you wach it)<BR>3 hours a my life ill never get back<br />hopfully jeepers creepers 2 will be better :(<BR>dont buy this crap but if you got 3 bucks burnin a hole in ya pocket. I guess you could rent it<BR>(but imagine all the stuff you could get for 3 bucks besides jc)
6300183211|3.0|There's nothing quite like excess for excess' sake.  Director Brian De Palma's 1983 crime epic \\"Scarface\\" is the classic embodiment of that phrase.  \\"Scarface\\" has to be, without a doubt, one of the most over-violent, over-drugged, over-acted films ever created.  An interpretive remake of a 1932 crime film by the same name (albeit about twice as long), \\"Scarface\\" follows the life of Cuban refugee Tony Montana as he makes his way to Miami from Cuba and firmly ensconces himself in the city's criminal cocaine underworld.  <BR><BR>While still one of Al Pacino's more memorable performances, his role as Tony Montana is still one of his most grating ones.  His hammy Cuban accent and the sleaze that seems to emanate from every pore makes the viewer feel unclean after watching this movie.  I, for one, could not watch any movie with Pacino in it for at least a month after watching \\"Scarface\\".  This role, unfortunately, may have signaled the beginning of Pacino's devolution from a subtle, nuanced actor who could call on passionate rage when the scene called for it to the actor we see now who seems to feel the need to yell and overact in every scene of every movie he is in.<BR><BR>\\"Scarface\\" does have its moments, however, and that is why this film does get a positive review.  The early scenes depicting Tony's rise to supreme power in Miami's drug scene and the final, famous gun battle at the end are well-realized and filmed sequences.  There are also some great quotes, like Montana's famous \\"Say hello to my little friend\\".  However, the rest of the film is bloated, festering mess.  Once Tony ascends to the top of his criminal empire, the audience is just treated to repeated scenes of him sitting in one of his clubs or his mansion in cocaine-induced stupor while pissing off and driving away everyone close to him.  While De Palma is trying to drive home the point dangers and moral corruption of such a lifestyle, he feels the need to drive that point home again- and again- and again- and again.  You get my point.  There is nothing subtle.  It feels more like a sledgehammer between the eyes.  <BR><BR>The performances of the other characters must be addressed.  Steven Bauer performs well as Tony's trusted, if somewhat morally conflicted, sidekick.  Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio is also refreshing as Tony's innocent younger sister who is intrigued and intoxicated by Tony's lifestyle (much to their mother's chagrin, and Tony's rage).  Even Robert Loggia adds something good the proceedings as the crime boss who gives Tony his big break in the 'industry'.  There is an utter disaster among the actors, though.  It is Michelle Pfeiffer's performances as Tony's strung-out, powder-sniffing mistress.  All she seems to do is roll her eyes at Tony's latest behavior or scream at him about what a bastard he is.  That is the full extent of her performance.  There's nothing about her, other than obvious physical charms, that would make one see why Tony would be attracted to her (though, the same argument could be made that there's nothing to make her attracted to Tony other than the power).  Pfeiffer's performance here is a complete and utter waste of celluloid.  <BR><BR>Therein lay the conflicts this reviewer feels about \\"Scarface\\".  It's not a bad film, but at nearly three hours in length, it goes on for far, far too long.  That should come as no surprise given that Brian De Palma is the director.  De Palma, aside from his one lucky break with the Oscar-winning \\"Untouchables\\", has a career marked by one bloated, overlong film after another.  He has been responsible for such incomprehensible dreck as \\"Bonfire of the Vanities\\", \\"Snake Eyes\\", \\"Mission: Impossible\\", and the dreadful \\"Mission to Mars\\".  A good editor would have helped him make \\"Scarface\\" a better film than it turned out to be and probably wouldn't leave the viewer feeling as nearly as dirty.  Still, \\"Scarface\\" does have its moments and is worth seeing if only to experience what a gloriously wonderful train wreck it is.
B00005UWBP|5.0|Jurassic Park is an action packed movie starring Sam Neill as Alan Grant and Laura Dern as Ellie Sattler. John Hammond's two grandchildren Lex and Tim come along also to see the dinosaurs.<BR>But Dennis Nedry has other cunning plans. He decides to steal some embryos to sell elsewhere. Meanwhile, Alan, Lex and Tim are finding their way back to the visitor centre. <BR>In this film there are also suspenseful scenes too like when poor Tim gets roasted on the fence. Quite a bit of action goes on here! I recommend it to anyone whom loves action/adventure films.
B0000AI44Q|2.0|I just bought Neil Young's latest album Greendale, along with Deep Purple's latest album, Bananas (import) and couldn't have had a more one sided listening experience. <BR>Two of my favorite artists seem to be going in different directions and I'm not talking musical. I can't believe how boring Greendale is, the playing lacks spark and the songs simply aren't that good or memorable. The arrangements are typical been there done that and Neil just doesn't sound like he`s having fun! When the disc ended I knew I wouldn't be in a hurry to play it again any time soon. <BR>On the contrary, Deep Purple's new album is everything Neil's isn't. Great songs, unbelievable performances and the band sound like they are having FUN! Plus, the running order of the album is just outstanding. I've played Bananas 10 times as much as Greendale. <BR>It's safe to say this is not Neil Young's finest hour, but it might be Deep Purple's. <BR>Two stars: Greendale<BR>Five stars: Bananas
0393057658|5.0|I purchased the audio CD, while a baseball lover, had heard that this was a recommended &quot;must read&quot; from Bob Brinker (Money Talk), a National Radio Show host (of the show having the same name) and Financial Guru. Yes, this is going somewhere. I found myself looking forward to my commute, where I voraciously listened to this book. Mr. Bob Brinker and Mr. Billy Beane  have both applied key methodologies to different markets (Stock Market and Baseball, respectively) but illustrate that discipline and statistical analysis - (i.e. a scientific approach) can help one have a 'winning' edge, but one must remain 'objective' and make decisions not realtime/gut, but trust the models and proven trends. I encourage you to explore the similiarities. Whether a baseball fanatic, financial guru, statatistican, or just want to have an enjoyable read, this is for you.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|This album is absolutly beautiful! When I bought it I was scared of it being overproduced and too popish. It's not. It has the same beautifully crafted 'popra' Rufus fans are used to with new twists.
B0000AR8NK|1.0|I just bought Bowie's latest album Reality, along with Deep Purple's latest album, Bananas (import) and couldn't have had a more one sided listening experience.<br />Two of my favorite artists seem to be going in different directions and I'm not talking musical. I can't believe how awful Reality is, the playing lacks spark (no human spirit) and the songs simply aren't good or memorable. The arrangements are typical been there done that, smoke and mirrors, modern techno and David just doesn't sound like he`s having fun! When the disc ended I knew I wouldn't be in a hurry to play it again any time soon.<br />On the contrary, Deep Purple's new album is everything Bowie's isn't. Great songs, unbelievable performances (lots of spirit) and the band sound like they are having FUN! Plus, the running order of the album is just outstanding. I've played Bananas10 times as much as Reality.<br />It's safe to say this is not Bowie's finest hour, but it might be Deep Purple's.<br />Ian Gillan...now that's a singer!!<br />One star: Reality<br />Five stars: Bananas
B00005JKEZ|5.0|Welcome To Sherwood Forest <br />Out of gray dust-bowl Great Depression <BR>Crystal Technicolor Dream<BR>Black tables swell with rich-pilchard food<BR>Orange fire licks bleeding Saxon wounds<BR>Basil Rathbone sneers blue Norman arrogance<BR>Claude Rains seethes corrupt yellow rule<BR>Enter childhood hero<BR>Forever hope-filled, bold<BR>In passionate defeat of evil chaos<BR>Strong as long-bow hewn from ancient tree<BR>Straight as arrow splitting bulls-eye arrow<BR>In deep kelly-green tights<BR>Lightening white-toothed cocky smile<BR>Errol Flynn brandishes poached antlered stag <BR>Fighting off stumbling Norman legions <BR>Olivia DeHavilland radiates chaste sensual lust<BR>Wild forest supermen <BR>On thick oak branches<BR>Down tankards of golden nut ale<BR>Tear brown bread in white fist-full chunks<BR>Devour haunches of red simmering meat<BR>Spill ruby wine down neatly trimmed chins<BR>Sing merry songs into midnight<BR>Strip faux-Royal henchmen to their underwear<BR>Rough order in absence of lion-hearted king<br />God Bless You Robin
0316666343|3.0|it's a good catchy read, but the story does seem a bit far fetched.  I won't go over the entire story, considering everyone else has already described the 14 year old's rape and murder.  This book is we'll really a sleek feminist book.  HOw the poor mother has been wronged by having 3 kids with a man.  When her 14 year old dies, she sleeps with the investigating detective and dumps her husband and then the detective to head to california where she doens't know anyone.  She knows how painful it is to lose a child and for her other 2 kids to lose their sister so she walks away from the other two kids for years on end until the husband has a heart attack.  The mother is forced to give up her career/educational dreams to have kids is what it comes down to.  Even though she is well capable of not getting pregnant.  Meanwhile, the dead girl's friend Ruth is also giving diatribe about women not wearing make up or shaving and so on.....so really it is a book about how the world has wronged women.
0316666343|5.0|This had to have been the best book i've ever read. You really feel as though you are a part of the story. There were times the book made me cry and times it made me smile. This book is about a girl who was murdered and she tells the story from heaven. She recounts on the lives of her family and friends and tells their stories as she sees them. I definitely recommend this book to everyone. May be a little too much for a younger reader.
0688163173|1.0|Why does anybody like this dreadful novel?  I thought Mystic River was completely engaging, marvelously written, a crime novel that stepped well beyond the formulaic boundaries of its genre.  Shutter Island reads like an acrostic.  The writing is hurried and flat, the dialogue is stagey and improbable, the ending is silly and overwrought.  I hope Lehane returns quickly to the territory he staked out so skilfully in Mystic River.
B000002U9W|5.0|at fist this cd didnt connect with me but after listening to it a couple times, i began to feel the emotion, and every time i listen to it, the songs flow better than the last time. it is a very coming of age, maturing album and i eleive it is just as good as dark side and flows better than wish you were here. a must for rock and roll lovers or pink floyd lovers.
B00000J2SQ|5.0|The reviews on this album don't give it justice. I like everything about this album. My favorite things are<br />1. A great album cover first of all, a guitar going through a guys head.....how cool is that?<br />2. Great vocals by Joe Lynn Turner, i like this album more than &quot;Bent out of Shape&quot;, probably because that was thier last album!<br />3. Blackmore with that great guitar sound, especially on &quot;Death Alley Driver&quot;<br />4. The organ on &quot;Stone Cold&quot; still sends shiver ups my spine, especially the opening<br />5. Commercial hits &quot;Stone Cold&quot; and &quot;Power&quot;,as well as one of my favorites &quot;Tite Squeeze&quot;<br />Overall, a great piece of work I own all of the Rainbow albums on vinyl and i put this one on at least twice a week
B00005JKHN|5.0|In the fifties Disney embarked on a creative and artistic endeavour of unprecedented scale.  Adapting the old folk tale of Briar Rose for a more recent generation, Walt Disney was determined to make this his swan song - his crowning achievement.  Millions of dollars and more than 5 years was spent creating this lavish work of art.<br />And the film was successful, to a degree.  Although not among the very highest grossing films of its year, it pulled in a respectable amount, and later more than made it's creation cost on video.  However, seeing that Sleeping Beauty did not have the success that they were hoping for, Disney decided to not attempt such lavishness again, a tradition which has only been broken with recently.<br />But what of the film, is it worthwhile?  The answer is yes - the timeless setting has created a film that is impenetrable to aging.  It retains its humor, and the plot maintains an excellent balance of simplicity combined with challenge and confusion.  The characters are all voiced beautifully, and each fit their purpose in the story perfectly.  In addition to this, now that the film is on dvd, it can be seen as it was meant to be - in glorious widescreen.  When you see the effect the widescreen has on opening up the framing and shaking of the claustrophobic atmosphere the movie had in it's pan and scan format, you'll vow never to go back.<br />It is worth noting that this is Disney's most humanist work.  The movements of the characters are so natural and lifelike, and their motivations so uncluttered and benign, that it is impossible to wish them anything but happiness.  The romance between Aurora and Phillip has been derided for being too simplistic, too sappy, too unrealistic, but those who do not seem to understand that this is what works for such simple people.  Phillip is the ultimate good guy, while Aurora is the ultimate good girl.  When they interact, everything feels natural, everything feels right.  There is much to their romance than a simple list of adjectives.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This may be the single most coherent CD I've ever heard. Every single song begins musically and lyrically right where the previous song left off. They even successfully blend a cover (The Nurse Who Loved Me) in seamlessly with the original material.<br />Those looking for a second Mer de Noms won't find it, but an incredible follow-up. It is much mellower than Mer de Noms, but so incredibly solid it may very well be one of the most well thought out CDs ever released.<br />Maynard is at the top of his game with some of his greatest lyrics to date, not to mention his amazing voice. Billy Howerdel, the mind behind most of the musical aspects of APC, did an incredible job with the writing and arrangements. He and Maynard produced the CD, and Damn! They do an amazing job. The production on this CD is enough to give any hired producer a run for their money. I could go on forever talking about the incredible thought and precision that writing and producing this CD must have taken, but I think I have gotten my idea across.
B0000AUHPG|1.0|The technical information for this release says the aspect ratio is 1.77:1. If that is the case, I give it 1 (one) star. And no buy.<br />If it is in the original aspect ratio of 2.35:1, I will buy it and if it is a good transfer give it 5 (five) stars. However, I need to know what the actual ratio of this new DVD is--2.35:1 or (blech) 1.77:1.<br />I once attended a screening of this which turned out to be 16 mm 1.33:1 and I and almost all the audience demanded and got our money back.<br />Amazon would do well to clarify this. They are going to lose a lot of potential customers or have tons of returns if this DVD is 1.77:1. And Paramount will be rightly pilloried for releasing such a misleading con.<br />I'm assuming it is an error and it is 2.35:1, but no purchase until I know for sure.<br />Caveat emptor.
B00007LTIA|5.0|I went back to the Gaswirt (1994 remmie) and that burst of static I spoke of below is there too! Now, the question is, &quot;When did it get there, or was it always there, and how did I miss it all these years?&quot; Maybe the remastering brought *out* an imperfection? Hmm... Anyone have the old CD, and thus the answer? Meanwhile, to the CAP reviewer below, is there anything so bad about fairies?
B0000C7PSW|5.0|From the bolero-infused opener to the intimate father/son musings of the final track, this is another superb step in Wainwright's ever-evolving career.  Personal fave: &quot;Go or Go Ahead&quot;.  Part Radiohead, part Queen, pure Rufus!
080720479X|5.0|This book was so awsome! It kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time!Anthony Horowitz's writing really involved the reader and you literally couldn't put it down. I completely recomend this book but not if you are looking for a challenging book, just for a fun read.
0804106304|5.0|Amy Tan's The Joy Luck Club is a marvelous novel.  The writing style is deceptively simple, the characters are human and likable, and the plot swift and compelling.  I heartily recommend this book to anyone.  This is a best seller for a very good reason.
B00005RZV4|5.0|If I had to describe this album in one word, it would be: real. Trent Reznor had a band that toured with him all through the Fragility 2.0 tour, and it gives the album a very real sound, differentiating from all the studio albums. The screaming audience just makes it all better.<br />Each of the songs has amazing intensity and ferocity (even The Frail, interestingly) and are many times better than their studio-produced counterparts. Here's a rundown of the tracks:<br />1. Terrible Lie - As soon as you put this in your stereo, BAMBAMBAMBAMBAM HEY GOD this song starts playing. The PHM version lacked consistency, which this version provides in abundance. One of the better tunes on the CD. Extended ending. 5/5<br />2. Sin - The PHM version had nothing to make it interesting; it was the same dull beat over and over. This version practically rewrote the song, and it's infinitely better. Very good stuff. 5/5<br />3. March Of The Pigs - This version of the song is similar to the TDS version, but the piano parts are taken ritardando, and it sounds AWESOME. This song also contains the \\"All The Pigs, All Lined Up\\" ending. 5/5<br />4. Piggy - This is a nice slow track to cool you down. This album is worth buying just to hear Trent scream...If you listen closely, you'll hear a random cymbal crash; that's the bored-out-of-his-mind guitarist bashing the drum set. And at the end, Trent Reznor gives his microphone to the audience. 4/5<br />5. The Frail - This is a piano song, yet it garnishes the largest distinguishable cheer on the CD. NIN fans rock. 4/5<br />6. The Wretched - This tune is crazy good. Starts nice and slow, then WHAM gets real furious real fast. Listen to the lyric about God's arm. 5/5<br />7. Gave Up - This is a fast tune with a good tune and a sweet chorus. 5/5<br />8. The Great Below - This song starts slow and stays slow. Doesn't get too interesting anywhere, really. 3/5<br />9. The Mark Has Been Made - A purely techno song that's some pretty sweet ear candy. 4/5<br />10. Wish - My favorite song on this CD. The alternation from furious to less furious, from half-time to fast time is almost perfectly executed; this song just sounds awesome, in summary. 5/5<br />11. Suck - The verses of this song leave something to be desired, but the chorus is awesome, so it sort of evens out. 4/5<br />12. Closer - NIN's all-time most popular song. This is a timeless deliverance of a great tune, with even more intensity than the original. 5/5<br />13. Head Like A Hole - The album wouldn't be complete without this tune. This has just as much ferocity as the original, if not more, and still sounds awesome. 5/5<br />14. The Day The World Went Away - A slower tune that sounds awesome, especially near the end, with all the na na na's. 4/5<br />15. Star****ers, Inc. - This speedy song about prostitution is faster than the original, and the ending isn't nearly as repetitive or mind-numbing. 5/5<br />16. Hurt - An interesting selection for the end of this album, but after listening to it, it all makes sense in your mind. This slow tune has great harmonies, and is fun to listen to. Beware of the giant feedback wave at the end. 4/5<br />With driving melodies, amazing harmonies and real sound, this album truly delivers like no other. 10/10
0802130208|5.0|'A Confederacy of Dunces' was by far one of the most original and hilariously funny books I've read in a long while. From the first page, this book has the reader's attention all the way through to the end, and not once was I able to state that I found the book 'boring'. With its complex system of characters and plots, 'A Confederacy of Dunces' is one of the strangest, yet most interesting stories in a long while. Though behind the many dilemmas of Mr. Ignatius J. Reilly, there is a tragedy. If perhaps the overweight, and well-educated man who is the protagonist had decided to do something with his life he might not have been stuck at home with his mother, and trying to inspire a conspiracy of some sort anywhere he goes. Not to mention his ex-girlfriend who he is constantly at war with, Myrna 'Minx' Minkoff. Overall, I would highly recommend this book to any reader. No matter who you are, anyone is able to relate in some way to this wonderful novel.
0061092037|3.0|The backdrop for this novel is the greed for power and money found in the world of mass media conglomerates. It seems the primary motivation of the characters is greed and a lust for more whether its power or prestige. I'm not convinced that this book makes anyone think any original thoughts. It seems to be a basic plot that was not that difficult to originate.
B000002J5K|5.0|Some reviewers here (the ersatz blues/jazz/R&amp;B/gospel 'purists') are taking this album waaaay too seriously. The boys in blue -- and remember, they are/were comedians first and foremost -- are celebrating the great musical traditions found on this soundtrack with the utmost respect, not trying to compete with them. The fact that the theme from &quot;Rawhide&quot; should clue in the most pedantic blues critic that this is all in fun. Take it as such, and it's a great repeatable soundtrack.
B00009V7T2|5.0|First of all, if you like your music more conventionally minded, do not buy this album. This record is anything but, only for those who like their music more complex. If you like conventionality in music, look for an album that is more suited for your tastes.<br />Second of all, this album is truly revolutionary and pulls it off flawlessly. It pulls off everything flawlessly. It is impossible not to marvel at the musicianship of the entourage brought on for this album. Omar's vocals are alternately a Robert Plant-ish howl, a Jeff Buckley-ish falsetto, a vibrato rap, and so much else. The guitar picking is pure wizardry, the bass (as played by Red Hot Chili Peppers' Flea) has no unnecessary note played, and the drumming is a thrashing rush of adrenaline at all times.<br />And let's not forget the songs themselves. The flow between songs is seemless; the songs might as well be one entity because they are so connected. The lyrics are something along the lines of someone getting high while reading the dictionary. This may make this sound like a bad thing but it can't be better. The words are so lyrical and poetic it's astonishing. This could be what happened when the man for who this album was made died, an escape from his demise. It could be inspired by anything, it's still perfect.<br />If you like your music revolutionary and complex, get this album now. This is among the ten best albums ever in my book.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|An utterly beautiful album.  APC shows they're genious once again as a rush of blood goes to your head while intently listening.  It leaves you feeling satisfied with yet a sense of mystery.  Universally wonderful, glistening lyrics reveal their power in A Thirteenth Step, in addition to the music itself.
0385504209|3.0|The book unfolds in fairly typical thriller fashion: the protagonist, mistakenly accused of murder, finds himself in possession of something for which the real murderer will kill again.  Therefore he must run from the police and the bad guys alike, while seeking to solve the murder mystery.  The bad guys appear to be part of a larger conspiracy - are they trying to obtain, reveal, or destroy an ages-old secret?  As he works to solve the mystery, biblical scholar Robert Langdon draws on - and explains endlessly - his research regarding secret religious societies and alternate interpretations of key Christian symbols.  I found the history to be interesting if not always accurate.<br />The historical material is grafted onto the basic thriller format without being integral to it, and that is my key criticism of this book.  Unlike, say, Eco at his best, Brown did not make me feel the weight of the esoteric topic under investigation.  Without giving away all the details, I will say that I became increasingly skeptical that the secrets in question would be so earth-shattering if revealed; rather they would be as open to interpretation as the more traditional Biblical canon.  Still, Brown kept me turning the pages even as I felt increasingly frustrated with the clunky predictability of the plot.
B00008DDSC|5.0|I suppose I should be wracked with feminist guilt for enjoying SECRETARY as much as I did, but instead I must rave about the amazing performances of Maggie Gyllenhaal and James Spader. This film frankly tackles sexuality, gender, age and experience as they relate to power and control, in fairly explicit terms. <br />I'm a big James Spader fan from way back. I have a great soft spot for his gloriously self-indulgent 'Yuppie scum' performances from The Brat Pack years, elements of which are seen here along with significant influence of his roles in SEX LIES AND VIDEOTAPE and WHITE PALACE.<br />Spader's E. Edward Grey is obsessed with big red Sharpie markers, orchids, humane mousetraps and sugary coffee. And spanking, just to name a few things. He's created a false pastoral environment in his office, carefully watering and feeding his orchids among the sickly green paneling and placing a row of dying houseplants along the dark hallway leading up to his office. The light in the office is murky, giving the impression that nothing could grow there, but could definitely fester. <br />Maggie Gyllenhaal gives a gutsy performance as Lee Holloway, Mr. Grey's secretary and eventual counterpart in a submissive/dominant relationship. Lee, like Mr. Grey, is delicate and high-strung. We see Lee just released from a six-month stint in an institution to attend her sister's pink, plastic, Florida poolside wedding. She stands apart from both the other guests and her family at the reception, enveloped in an ill-fitting blue dress and the viewer is not surprised when she retreats to her bedroom and methodically begins cutting her thigh. <br />As Lee and Mr. Grey become drawn to one another, Lee begins evolving into a more confident, attractive woman. Her shapeless clothes and sloppy sweaters are traded in for knee-length skirts, nylons and heels. When Mr. Grey tells her that she doesn't need to cut herself anymore, she actually throws away her implements. She comes to thrive on his attention, starting with his gleeful discovery of typing errors to circle with his red pens and slowly escalating to more explicit behavior. <br />The biggest surprise of the film lies in the fact that at its core it is a romance. A twisted, non-standard situation, but a romance nonetheless. After much emotional drama these two damaged characters have found kindred, obsessive, kinky, needy souls in one another and you leave the film thinking that they just might be able to make it work.
B0000B3FCX|4.0|When I first listened to this CD, I loved it, another great album from Nickelback. But, upon re-listening, I quickly grew bored with many of the tracks. <br />I realized that many of the songs were the same feel and formula. There's even a point in the album where one track ends and another begins, and I couldn't tell.<br />'Someday' is doubtless the best track, and keeps me coming back to it, but the other tracks just don't match it. A few of the riffs are faster and heavier than earlier albums, but the singing and feel just hasn't changed since the last album. <br />It's good music, but it doesn't stand apart. The only thing that sounds completely different is the solo on 'Saturday Night' (an ingenious cover idea), but that's done by the guest star Dimebag. Either they're getting lazy, or the industry execs told 'em to churn out more of the same.
B0000C8AVR|5.0|The lyrical density and musical muscle and firepower of this great album still blow me away 25 years after I first heard it. This is the one Bob CD I can never be without. I love Bob's songs of contempt for all forms of delusion, especially rich party girls, pretentious intellectuals and pretentious travellers who all need their cumeuppance when they face grim reality, all set to expansive and tough blues based music. And in between, my favorite Bob song that often goes unnoticed, &quot;It Takes A Lot To Laugh, It Takes A Train To Cry&quot;, as fun, relaxed and not full of contempt as Bob gets. I still think what I thought back then: this makes almost every other album sound simpleminded lyrically and musically. One of the things I really like about this album is the piano sound, and on the new SACD reissue the piano sounds warmer and clearer than before. In fact, the whole album sounds more natural, less abrasive and shrill, more like a brand new copy of an LP, just how I want CDs to sound. If you, like me, you think this is one of the 10 greatest albums ever, buy the new version. And thank god they had the good sense not to add &quot;extra&quot; songs.
B0000BYM3K|4.0|Maiden makes fabulous music, and this is another example. However, it seems to be lacking something. The playing and singing is still the best, orchestration is top notch, and the songs are cool and complex, but the seem to lack a hook. Most of them don't have me salivating to listen to them again.<br />One of the main reasons is missing energy. The songs sound fine, but none of them can be described as 'fast paced'. Trademark galloping bass lines are gone as well. A few sounded far too much like they were inspired by 'Blood Brothers' from the last album.<br />Maiden tries some new stuff here. Folk-y sounds on the title track, a straight-ahead rocker in 'Wildest Dreams', pounding double-bass on 'Face in the Sand', and a near-acoustic song 'Journeyman'. All these, and the other songs, are great, but don't hit the A+ mark.<BR>Overall, I really do like this album. It's worth many listens to get the full feel of the track, but they might not all be exciting listens.<br />PS: 'Wildest Dreams' must be listened to during highway driving to actually appreciate it.
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|I feel the band really came together on this album.  I loved Mer de Noms, however I feel the band reached a new level of communication while creating this work.  Parts of Mer de Noms felt forced to me.  At times the lead guitar would stand out too much; other times Maynard's vocals were pushed forward so much that the instruments took a back seat.  While that may have been the effect they were wanting, I felt like the album never materialized like it could have.  <BR>All of those issues completely disappeared in \\"Thirteenth Step\\".  The music flows effortlessly for the band.  From the opening track \\"The Package\\", you know that you're in for a ride.  It starts of with a quirky little beat with subtle guitar work.  Maynard's vocals then chime in, with his voice sounding... well, \\"pure\\" is the only word that comes to mind.  No distortion, no effects, just Maynard.  After four minutes of this beautifully stripped-down melody, the song EXPLODES.  Very powerful.<BR>The rest of the album is filled with a variety of great instrumental work as well.  The vocals just seem to mesh perfectly with all the instruments on this album. The addition of Jeordie White (aka Twiggy) was a great move for this band!  He really shines.  Paz was great, but Jeordie seems to have found a groove with them that she was missing.  <BR>If you're a fan, you have no doubt already purchased this album.  If you aren't a devoted fan yet and are waiting for some reason, I recommend downloading \\"Blue\\" and/or \\"Weak and Powerless\\".  They are both great representative samples of the entire album.  If you like them at all, you will love this album.<BR>Let's just hope that we don't have to wait another four years for a new TooL album!  And where is the LIVE DVD guys?!  I'm dying here.<BR>After reading some negative reviews (which are in the minority here) I feel like elaborating a bit.  If you thought \\"JUDITH\\" was the most outstanding song on the last album DON'T bother buying this album.  It ain't what you'relooking for.  This CD can't be compared to JUDITH or TOOL for that matter.  Don't buy this CD expecting to hear TOOL because then you'll show up here complaining that it doesn't ROCK OUT like Tool does.  TooL is my favorite band on the planet, but I have to judge APC on it's own merits.  They shine on this album, but in an entirely different way than TooL does.  The spectacular moments on this album are the subtle moments, as opposed to Tool's \\"brick smashing upside the head\\" moments.  If you listen with an open mind, you won't be let down.
1567184855|5.0|I first read Journey of Souls when it first came out.  At first, I thought oh no, another new age book.  Was I ever wrong. I have read it twice and am in the process of reading it again. As I am a skeptic, I have to say, read it with an open mind. I only wish I could be regressed by Dr. Newton.  I have been regressed but not into the spirit world.  Wish he'd write another one.  I have also read his 2nd book,Destiny of Souls. Another 5 star read.
0440178002|5.0|James Clavell's Shogun may be his most famous work, and it is likewise his best as it presents a marvelous cross-cultural tale of adventure and intrigue in pseudo-historical 17th century Japan.<br />The true artfulness of the story is carried off by the use of Blackthorn, the English navigator of a Dutch ship wrecked in Japan amidst a period of intense political turmoil.  Although indeed based loosely upon the real-life figure William Adams, Blackthorn's importance to the story is to present a western viewpoint into the all-too-alien Japanese culture, and as Blackthorn becomes Anjin-san and ever more accustomed to his new life, so do we as the reader find ourselves increasingly immersed and drawn into that culture.<br />The cast of characters truly suits the epic scope of the novel's story, and most are well-drawn, complex, and interesting (though at times some of the minor characters may seem added as an afterthought).  Shogun-to-be Lord Toranaga makes for an excellent impeneterable genius manipulating everyone like a master puppeteer, and Lady Mariko similarly offers an intriguing character that the reader comes to care for.<br />The fact that Clavell spent years in a Japanese POW camp under the harshest of conditions during World War II (something like only 1 in 15 men survived) makes his portrait of Japan all the more remarkable, for he is able to portray the harsh and often alien life of 17th century samurai-laden Japan in a way that not only makes sense to the reader but that is appealing in the most romantic of ways to a degree far greater than that of Western society of the same period.<br />I suggest this book heartily to any fan of historical fiction and particularly to those with an interest in Japan.
B00005O04X|2.0|This is a re-issue of the 1991 CD, with 4 bonus tracks added.  The original CD had 10 tracks and was 48 minutes long.  I haven't heard the bonus tracks, but they are just different versions of songs from the original CD.  Since none them were any good, I can't imagine that these new edits would be any better.  It is interesting that CD's that are just barely 10 years old are getting re-issued with bonus tracks.<br />Most of the tracks on this album are relatively short songs. The songs are bombastic and repeititive. There is a main theme that is just repeated. There is no depth to the music or the song writing. For the most part, there is nothing here to remind you of the old ELP.<br />The cover is indicative of the album. It is just a boring picture of a merry-go-round. There is no excitement, energy or interest in the cover.<br />The album does get a little better near the end. The last three tracks are enjoyable. Closer to home is a nice piano piece and Better Days has a good, driving beat. <br />ELP broke up in 1979 due to differences in musical direction and the great progressive rock blow up at the end of the seventies, when the progressive rock bands were done in by their own excesses (especially ELP and Yes). The group sort of reformed in 1984 as Emerson, Lake and Powell (with Cozy Powell, who died a few years ago). They broke up again to reform in 1991. They played in concerts, released some live albums and then released one last studio album, In The Hot Seat, which is along the same lines as Black Moon (bad). They took a break while Keith Emerson had surgery on his hand. Emerson most recently has done a reunion tour with the Nice.
0743424425|5.0|Imagine yourself closed in for the winter, you, your wife and young son the only occupants of a suddenly-empty resort hotel.  A winter of solitude ahead...<br />Or so you thought... but the hotel's not all that empty when the supernatural are included on the guest list, and if you thought you had cabin fever after but a few months snowed-in, just think of what it would be like to have been a permanent resident!<br />The Shining is certainly one of Stephen King's most famous books (and the film one of the better adaptations thereof), and too is it among his finest and most frightening.  Although the title refers to the psychic empathy of 5-year-old Danny, the true horror revolves around his father's seduction by the dark forces at work buried deep in the Overlook Hotel's history.  King masterfully captures the psychological collapse of Danny's father while still maintaining the supernatural horror so intrinsic to his writings.<br />I enjoyed the film, but as is so often the case, the book is much better.  Stephen King's The Shining is certainly among the author's best and scariest!
B0000076BX|2.0|This is a reunion album from 1991. This CD has 10 tracks and is 48 minutes long. The tracks are 4 to 6 minutes long.<br />Most of the tracks on this album are relatively short songs. The songs are bombastic and repeititive. There is a main theme that is just repeated. There is no depth to the music or the song writing. For the most part, there is nothing here to remind you of the old ELP.<br />The cover is indicative of the album. It is just a boring picture of a merry-go-round. There is no excitement, energy or interest in the cover.<br />The album does get a little better near the end. The last three tracks are enjoyable. Closer to home is a nice piano piece and Better Days has a good, driving beat. <br />ELP broke up in 1979 due to differences in musical direction and the great progressive rock blow up at the end of the seventies, when the progressive rock bands were done in by their own excesses (especially ELP and Yes). The group sort of reformed in 1984 as Emerson, Lake and Powell (with Cozy Powell, who died a few years ago). They broke up again to reform in 1991. They played in concerts, released some live albums and then released one last studio album, In The Hot Seat, which is along the same lines as Black Moon (bad). They took a break while Keith Emerson had surgery on his hand. Emerson most recently has done a reunion tour with the Nice.
B000002OZY|3.0|I'm a younger guy so I'm not really caught up in the whole Who mystique. To me they're just a bunch of old sell outs who's songs are on every car and software commercial on TV. Just the other night Hummer was using Happy Jack on one of their commercials. I do respect them though for some of their earlier work, and the influence they had on today's bands. With that being said, The Who was never a really good studio band and it shows on this album. Dated production, and a lot bad filler on this album knock this one down two stars. Amazing Journey, I'm set Free, Tommy Can You Hear Me, We're Not Going To Take It, along with Go To The Mirror make this worth owning. New Sensation is another plus. The musical underture that features 7 minutes of Sparks really tries my patience. Some of the really short songs are a complete bore and are only there to tie together the bigger hits. Despite my complaints this album will always remain a classic because of Pete Townsend's bold attempt at trying something new by making an opera out of a rock album. I recommend getting a live version of this album either Live at The Isle of Wight or Live at Leeds because this band made better music when they performed live.
B00005NWM3|5.0|I love this CD, so I don't know why any of you are complaining, except for maybe &quot;Hollywood&quot;, that's the onbly track I don't like. Yeah, its a little short, but I think the quality is really good. &quot;How You Remind Me&quot; is maybe my 3rd or 2nd favorite, &quot;TooBad&quot; And &quot;Never Again&quot; tying for first, &quot;Woke up this morning&quot; and &quot;Just For&quot; tying for 2nd/3rd. Never Again i feel deserves special recognition cause nobody else writes about abuse, its impersonal enough to I believe not step on anyone's toes, but yet shows ppl who may be abused that some ppl actually notice it. The rest are more universal, but still really, cool, especially if your parents love reggae, you can blast your music over theirs. I really think any Nickelback fan should have this Cd, it basically represents all that Nickelback is.
B000002OVJ|5.0|This album was recorded when Pete Townsend was using an SG and played through a bunch of maxed out Highwatt stacks. This is what helped Pete Townsend stand out and push the Who's sound forward above most of the other bands of the time. The Who's live sound would assualt the listener with rises, crashes, heavy thuds, and thrashing blues riffs. It would sound sad, other worldly, energetic, and some times emotional. All of the Who's sets would end in smashing instruments and the sound of these powerful instruments being damaged was only fitting way to end such an experience. This Who literally defined the quintessential rock experience and set the standard for thousands of other bands to follow. I have said all along that outside of a the earlier records and Who's Next the best way to take in The Who is by listening to their live material as they weren't known as a good studio band. This album is as good place as any to start. I also heavily recommend The Kids are Alright to anyone interested in getting a full spectrum of early and later works performed to perfection by this amazing rock band.
038572179X|5.0|Wonderful! This is a book that must be read to its conclusion to be fully appreciated. I must admit that at several points McEwen had me wondering where he was going, but the ending tied everything together and even addressed some of the more frustrating aspects of the book, to my full satisfaction. I'm still pondering the book's central questions: is it ever possible to fully atone for one's ill-thought-out acts, even if one was too young at the time to fully understand the repercussions?  Can story help us heal? Is fiction powerful enough to change the past, for those who remember it? There are no clear answers to these questions, but the author does a masterful job of exploring them.
B00006AW2J|5.0|I really love the sound and rock and roll aesthetic that the Stones achieved on this album. All of the songs including the singles (Street Fighting Man and Sympathy for The Devil) all come together as one on this phenomenal album. The vocal work that Mick Jagger did on No Expectations is so underrated in my opinions. Just the lyrics he laid down on the track with the way he delivered it is beyond description. And Street Fighting Man is about as punk rock as it gets. Another thing I love about this album is the amazing cover art work. It's one of those albums where the packaging is really something special to have.
B00005JLZN|1.0|Why either of these actors (Spacey and Winslett) got involved in this silly and insincere film is beyond me. Sure, if you put aside the subject matter, it could be deemed an entertaining, over the top, predictable, plodding, badly scripted thriller. However, to disregard the seriousness and worthiness of the subject matter here in such a crass way made me retch.<BR>Yes, there's a twist at the end (as is the norm nowadays for films striving to be 'clever') but you will have sussed it out well before it happens.
B0000AOV85|4.0|Here's the bottom line.  If you are a fan of this classic album, then adding this DVD to your collection is a must.  It's awesome to see new interviews with all 4 band members and hear their thoughts as to how this album was recorded.  Given the fact that Gilmour and Waters are still not on the happiest of terms, I am very pleased that both agreed to be a part of this DVD.  It's also cool to watch Alan Parsons in action as he describes how the album was mixed.  Great solo acoustic performances by Waters and Gilmour as well.<br />The downside - I find it odd how the dvd describes the intricate details on every song on the album EXCEPT &quot;Any Colour You Like&quot; which is one of my favorites.  I would have liked to see more archival footage of them actually making the album.  They do show some video of the band in the studio but not very much.  If they had material to pull from for this dvd, that means there must have been more of it.
B00006RU5B|5.0|Man it's good to hear some real rock.  This CD contains powerful rock music with singing instead of screaming.  No record scratching in the background, nor raplike style spoil this return to what you like about rock and roll.  The industry is averaging about one or two genuine rock albums a year that are worth purchasing.  In a year where even Metallica cannot put out a good album, this effort by Audioslave really hits the spot.
B0000AR8NK|4.0|After listening 3 times, I realize I like it alot. The really cool parts don't hit you right away. Instead, they remain sort of an undercurrent that you get only if you pay attention. I really like the direction this disc is taking.  If you liked Heathen, Reality won't disappoint.  Can't wait for the tour!
0515125024|4.0|I absolutely love Jack Reacher.  He is the epitome of laconical, and he's a one-man wrecking team.  This book seemed a little slow in the first half, but then the action picks up and is non-stop right up to the end.  In the book Jack gets put into a perilous situation simply because he was in the wrong place at the right time, so to speak.  He gets pulled in because he offered a helping hand to an attractive woman with a bad leg, and right from that moment he knows that he has to protect her from some evil forces that have her in their major plan.  Jack handles the impossible situations with his usual resourcefulness and intelligence.  Before the book is done we, the readers, are introduced to the whole para-military culture that is alive and well among extremist groups.  There is even a meglamaniac thrown in to add to the suspense (and to the graphicness of the book as well).  Jack eventually triumphs over evil, but not before he takes a number of the bad guys down.  I love Jack Reacher.  Child does a masterful job of portraying him, and Child is certainly my choice for the best modern thriller writer out there.
B000001FS3|5.0|This is when I first heard of U2 and began to love their work. This is only a iota of their talent, but I believe it emphasizes it the best...a great cd.
0385504209|5.0|This is one of the most intelligent books I have read in quite a while.  Really sucks you in from page 1 and doesn't let go.  Despite the intellectual drama of the plot, this book is written in surprisingly accessible prose.  Each time I see someone reading this book, I find myself a bit jealous that I can't experience it again wtih them!
B00005JLXE|5.0|Originally I didn't have high hopes for this movie, but I really liked it. Great twist to the &quot;hero&quot; movies. I would recommend this movie, and the soundtrack to this movie. Both are great!
B000002TPS|3.0|Jesus crist I dont really know its not heavy as before. This is<BR> not megadeth's best work it has good creation but I recommend <BR>cowntdown to Extinction. If you are a looking for the Heavy and best <BR>stuff from Megadeth try Rust in Peace and down to the first album but this <BR>Album is good for a date or some female freind same goes with cowntdown <BR>to extinction which I like better. My favorite tracks are Reckoning Day, Train<BR> of Conqueses,A tuot Le Monde(a slow track but sounds good),and Elysian<BR> Fields.
B00005NWM3|5.0|This band just proves that Canada rock rocks!!! I love these guys!!!
B00005JLKB|5.0|I fell in love with the series of Smallville the first night the two-hour premiere aired on the WB. My sister and I then spent every Tuesday night in front of the television just to watch Smallville. I've been a Superman fan since the movies back in the 80's. For those of you who have never seen Smallville, it will remind you of the first 20 minutes of the Superman movie. Clark Kent has just started his journey on the path of his destiny. He doesn't know of his origin, doesn't have all his superpowers yet and unaware of those he will get. He's just trying to live a normal life, get through High School and get a date with the girl of his dreams.<br />Heros are born every day, even those unnoticed or unaware they are heros. Smallville allows the viewer to witness the birth or more or less the growth into the hero before becoming \\"the Man-Of-Steel\\". It has a terrific cast; each cast member in my opinion was very well selected. Having the character of Lex Luthor in the mix makes it even better. Lex isn't evil yet and is a friend of Clarks. Clarks High School crush, Lana Lang has a boy friend and rarely knows Clark exists at first. And the theme song for the series couldn't of been a better pick (Remy Zero - Save Me).<br />Even those hard-core Superman fans will love the series I think. The Kryptonite \\"meteor rocks\\" have more of a back-story and aren't just harmful to Clark but dangerous to those exposed/around it. Bah, I'm spoiling you and giving away some of series! Sorry about that.<br />The mythology of Superman has always brought hope and a feeling of protection to people from all over the world. In my opinion Smallville couldn't of come at a better time with what all's going on in the world today.<br />I highly recommend that anyone who's a Superman fan or just your average viewer buy this Season 1 set and enjoy the first season from the beginning. Lord knows I have and the seasons along the way!
B00004NRWH|5.0|There is no other words for The State and Nickelback, and the best thing is that after The State, their best was only yet to come!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|When I first heard Thirteenth Step I was disappointed.  After listening to a couple times, ... I realized the entire album spans a story of someone so sick of the world around him he spirals into depression, drug abuse and insanity, only to lift himself out in the end.  All of the songs work and blend together to give the complete picture, it's not a good album for singles.  <br />It kicks off with \\"The Package\\" which in my opinion is about an addict looking for a fix (\\"i am what i'm after i don't need another friend.... just give me (what I came for, and I'll be out the door again.\\") <br />Things continue to go downhill for our protaginist (Narrator perhaps?) as we move through Weak & Powerless and The Noose, he is filled with guilt and shame.  Blue I believe is where the protaganist snaps and may actually kill someone (\\"Call it aftermath, she's turning blue...Such a lovely color for you <BR>Call it aftermath, she's turning blue.... While I just sit and stare at you.\\") I haven't figured out Vanishing yet, but I think it's representing the protaganist's sinking into deep depression and loss of sense of self.  <br />\\"A Stranger\\" and \\"The Outsider\\" deal with his loss of reality and alienation from society.  The album's pace slowly builds up to the heavy rage released in \\"The Outsider,\\" and the effect is profound.  This is what I meant by these songs do not work well as singles, part of what makes \\"The Outsider\\" such an incredible, visceral sound are the six songs that lead up to. <br />By the time we get to \\"The Nurse Who Loved Me,\\" our protaganist has been committed to an insane asylym of sorts, and reverts to infancy and childhood fears in \\"Pet.\\"  The great part of this album is that at the end of the album, the twelth step \\"Gravity,\\" our protaganist make the choice to lift himself of out his self imposed hell:<br />\\"dizzy and clearly unable to just let this go <BR>high and surrendering to the gravity and the unknown <BR>catch me heal me lift me back up to the sun.\\"<br />The last words on the album are \\"I choose to live...\\"<br />I've never heard an album like this, it's unique and incredible.  It's also better under the influence of some foriegn substance, which is totally ironic since the album chronicles the process of addiction. <br />Thanks from San Francisco,<BR>Samuel L. Bronkowitz<BR>    <br />I think The Outsider is an incredible song, especially how it fits into the context of the entire album.
B00006879E|5.0|I had no idea who these guys were, but I do now, and I am in love with their talent, vocals, and look forward to anything they come up with in the future as well....would recommend them highly.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|While this CD is not as heavy as their first, Thirteenth Step stands on its own as a great musical work of art. While some heavy tracks remain, the overall sound is very melodic and easy to listen to. The CD flows quite well from track to track. The lyrics are well thought-out and add much more depth to each song. MJK's vocals are the biggest highlight, but the rest of the band heighten the experience. A must buy!<br />1. The Package - Starts out slow and melodic, but then turns heavy. One of my favorites. 9/10<BR>2. Weak and Powerless - Heard this on the radio first and made me want the CD. A great melodic piece. 10/10<BR>3. The Noose - Great song, flows well from track 2. I really enjoy the ending. 9/10<BR>4. Blue - An upbeat track. Nice lyrics. 8/10<BR>5. Vanishing - A soft song, nice to listen to, but not one of my favorites 7/10<BR>6. A Stranger - Some interesting instrumental work on this one. Nice blend of acoustic and orchestral. 8/10<BR>7. The Outsider - One of the heavy tracks. Really cool lyrics. Has a good pace. One of favorites 9/10<BR>8. Crimes - This song doesn't do much for me. Not much going on. 5/10<BR>9. The Nurse Who Loved Me - I didn't like this one at first, but it grew on me. Maynard's voice makes this song good. 8/10<BR>10. Pet - The other heavy track. This is a really cool song. Goes back and forth from really heavy to soft instumental with Maynard singing. Tied for my favorite on the CD. 10/10<BR>11. Lullaby - Don't really like this one. No real singing or intrumental things going on. 4/10<BR>12. Gravity - Good song, nice finish to the CD. 8/10
B00005JKCH|5.0|Loved this movie, and like it was said before, and will be said again, the kiss was totally classic. Loved the soundtrack to this movie, as well!!!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I don't know if you'd call it talent, or just pure genious.  The CD is astoundingly spectacular.  The range of genres all on one CD, THe range of emotion can wrap people up in the artists' emotions as they're listening not just their own.  The music brings you into your own little world much different from what we live with an echoing siren in the background known as Maynard.  This CD kicks you off your feet and right on your arse.  Definitly a great CD.  To think, it's only been out a week or so!!!
B0000B3FCX|5.0|I loved Hesher, I liked Curb, I loved The State, I loved Silver Side Up, and I am totally in love with The Long Road. <BR>These guys are at their best here again!!! A highly underestimated Canadian band...they keep crankin' out the best out there!! Chad Kroeger, Mike Kroeger, Nik Vikedal, and Ryan Peake is the best team out there!!! Couldn't ask for better.
B00005JLSE|4.0|This picture has a lot going for it. The John Kander-Fred Ebb songs fit the cynical story perfectly, have stong melodies and sharp lyrics. There are a pair of knock-out performances from Catherine Zeta-Jones and Queen Latifah (who knew she had that good a voice?), plus an excellent one from John C. Reilly as Amos. Rob Marshall's direction is a bit too MTV for me; it's as if he's trying to cover up his cast's song-and-dance inadequacies when, at least in the case of Zeta-Jones, Latifah and Reilly, there don't appear to be any inadequacies to cover up. Even Richard Gere seems competent in his tap sequence when Marshall isn't going cut-mad. The main problem is Zellweger. She doesn't register at all, and truly does seem to need her inadequacies disguised by MTV editing. The one time she really dances is in the last number and that's where some of the fastest edits are; maybe she was only good for 2-3 seconds at a time. As for Gere, he was better than I expected but not what the part could have been. I may have that opinion because I saw the original Broadway cast, and got spoiled. Their Billy Flynn was Jerry Orbach (yes, &quot;Law and Order&quot; Jerry Orbach), and, to me, no one will ever do it as well. In short, this is a good picture, but it would have been better with less frantic editing and a better lead actress then Zellweger. And yes, give me Jerry Orbach as Billy Flynn -- nobody does cynical better.
B00005OAIE|3.0|I love this guy, he has a great sense of humor in his music, and a great guitar player, but I wasn't thrilled with this album. I finished this cd being disappointed. But he has the  potential to please the masses in his future works.
B00005JLXE|1.0|this movie is unwatchable
B00008H2LB|5.0|All I can say is: Get it if you dont have it already! And, Meteora is at least three light years ahead of Hybrid Theory.
B00008PW3O|5.0|Intelligent and haunting lyrics.  Without question this album is a showcase of how amazing Buckingham and Nicks still are. Some of their best work in years is reflected here.  Christine McVie gets honorable mention for the years and effort, but her filler material is not missed on &quot;Say you Will&quot;
185984054X|5.0|It's always amazing to hear how masses and masses of people accept stories and opinions as fact without looking into the story itself or even picking up a book. Read this and then read more. Hegemony does not put out stories that does not enforce the status quo so you have to look for them. <br />Christopher Hitchens assembles contradictory information to Mother Teresa's saintliness and does it quickly and succinctly. You are not drowned in tons of conspiracy theories but it will open up your mind to new things.
B00005JLR2|3.0|For a host of reasons, \\"Treasure Planet\\" is sure to please the moppet audience for which it was intended. The art and animation is nothing short of sublime: the acme of the animator's art. The coloring is dazzling yet subtle. The conception of the ships is bold and original. The design of the characters - particularly Long John Silver, B.E.N., and Mr. Scroop - does not disappoint. The script (for the most part) is deft; the pace, brisk; and the voices of the characters matchlessly brought off.<br />So what's the problem with this movie?<br />Well, for the ADULT audience, at which many aspects of this movie are aimed, several hurdles come a-knockin', particularly when it comes to the way the plot stumbles storywise.<br />Lemme see if I understand: Dr. Dilbert Doppler is financing - exclusively commissioning - the entire ship with his &quot;savings&quot; (this is made clear). So how is it that his homeboy Jim gets stuck having to swab the decks and peel potatoes? The script tried to play this off as a whim on the part of our Protestant work-ethic captain, but for all that, it doesn't make a lick of sense and those upstairs knew it. I suppose Disney figured that, as I suggested, the kids in the audience wouldn't storm out of the movie-houses protesting the gross illogicality of this situation, since no sooner are we presented with it than we are introduced to the Cyborg's mesmerizing appendage. Just one of many irritating examples of how the barrel of their exposition could have used a cork or two. I had no problem believing that there were three-masted ships sailing through the ether and a dozen other ludicrous premises, but Jim's cabin-boy status posed a believability problem that nagged at me through a big chunk of the film.<br />And what's with Jim's pathetically trendy space-board? Is our age really so cynical that we can't simply make a movie that doesn't have a \\"cool and rebellious\\" hero at its center? Christ. Voltaire was \\"cool and rebellious.\\" Jim (\\"prepubescent twit\\") Hawkins isn't. In years to come this transparent attempt to connect with today's &quot;extreme generation&quot; is definitely going to date the movie in an embarrassing way. God forbid Disney remake Snow White! All the dwarves would probably be into body-piercing and bungee-jumping! Definitely one thing that's great about movies like Pinocchio and The Little Mermaid compared to this kind of film: in those older films there was never any attempt to cast the events and characters onscreen in the light of recent fads, hair-dos, etc. It was possible delightfully to lose oneself in the imaginative worlds presented without being rudely summoned back to the grimy modern world we all inhabit. Even so, I had nearly forgot about that idiotic board until the end of the movie, when it returns with a vengeance. Save your popcorn bag: you'll need it for the vomit.<br />And what's with Morph, the ubiquitously ingratiating sidekick? Sheesh. I mean, does Disney have such a low opinion of children today that it invariably assumes none of them will want to see a movie unless there's some impossibly adorable (and scrofulous, if you watch carefully) creature thrown in there? Am I asking too much?<br />(Well, at least the principals didn't break into a maudlin chorus every 5 minutes; this is something of an improvement over the traditional Disney fare. Although there are a couple of sappy songs - such as shortly after Jim meets Silver - mercifully, though, they aren't sung by the characters.)<br />A final thing that I found annoying with this movie (am I alone?) was that, in the end, NOBODY gets the treasure. I mean, I know the treasure's just series of nicely-drawn pictures, but at the end of the movie this gigantic mountain of gold and jewels is utterly destroyed and NOBODY gets it, not even the villain! I found this immensely irritating; the audience had definitely made an emotional investment in this treasure. Finding it was the whole point of everything, and when things simply don't pan out, we are left feeling cheated and unsatisfied. Couldn't the loot at least have gone to an orphanage or something? True, Jim was tossed a few coins, but then, in the idiotic finale, we see his mother has inexplicably used them to rebuild her inn (which, we are led to understand, had been on the point of giving her a coronary), rather than using them to go to graduate school, or build a better life for herself somehow. This, also, rubbed me the wrong way.<br />Yes, \\"Treasure Planet\\" is an irritating letdown in every way except visually. What is clear from the film's coloring, detail, and computer-aided graphics is that animated movies are right on the cusp of really growing up, really becoming serious vehicles for art and storytelling - at least potentially. But for some reason the studios that have the power to create meaningful animated films insist instead on infantilizing the media, wasting millions of dollars cranking out dreck so laughable that even the kids it's intended for see right through it.imply don't pan out, we are left feeling cheated and unsatisfied. Couldn't the loot at least have gone to an orphanage or something? True, Jim was tossed a few coins, but then, in the idiotic finale, we see his mother has inexplicably used them to rebuild her inn (which, we are led to understand, had been on the point of giving her a coronary), rather than using them to go to graduate school, or build a better life for herself somehow. This, also, rubbed me the wrong way.<br />Yes, \\"Treasure Planet\\" is an irritating letdown in every way except visually. What is clear from the film's coloring, detail, and computer-aided graphics is that animated movies are right on the cusp of really growing up, really becoming serious vehicles for art and storytelling - at least potentially. But for some reason the studios that have the power to create meaningful animated films insist instead on infantilizing the media, wasting millions of dollars cranking out dreck so laughable that even the kids it's intended for see right through it.
044022165X|5.0|Now I'll be quick. I am a soldier in Iraq. With a lot of time waiting to go on the next mission, I read A LOT!. Once I pick up John's books, I find myself reading until I realize its 2 AM. You have to find a spot and force yourself to put it down. <br />Now in &quot;The Rainmaker&quot;, the plot is a quickly laid out, except that it is not what you think. John morphs the young life of Rudy Baylor from that of a new lawyer with a bright future to an ambulance chasing street attorney with everything going wrong. Just when things seem to start to turn, it gets worse. The only thing left, is a few clients with great potential. With Judges on his side, and powerful freinds in the background, Rudy shows the big boys of Corporate Law the new ropes. <br />Okay, not the best review, but hey, I read it in just over 6 hours. I liked every minute of it. Just do me one favor, read John's entire collection, I just can't wait for more to come.
B0000B3FCX|5.0|NICKELBACK provide fans with a product that cultivates their sound.<br />The songs on THE LONG ROAD are solid while vocals are tight.<br />Some musical critics will state; &quot;NICKELBACK does not demonstrate much growth on this CD from the previous project&quot;. Possibly not, however via this CD, NICKELBACK will cement their commercial rock sound in the minds of their audience and on the entire musical map.<br />During the upcoming year, the tracks on THE LONG ROAD should easily place NICKELBACK one step ahead of others rock acts on the musical charts.<br />This CD should be played VERY LOUD . . . it's that good !
B000001GPX|5.0|This Carlos Kleiber 5th &amp; 7th Symphony is one of those recordings which has entered the eternal hall of fame. If you like this Kleiber 5th abd 7th Symphony, then you must get Klemperer's Fidelio (EMI), Furtwangler's Symphony 9th (EMI), Richter and Rostropovich's set of Beethoven Cello Sonatas, Perahia's set of 5 Beethoven Piano Concertos.
B000002UXZ|5.0|like another evolutionary leap....FORWARD [forget the moon landing]... like an envisarY on loan momentarily ; froM infinity, like  discovering a newCLUB loveGUN HIS GUITAR? ,jimi the messiah unleashes  a FURYrevealization/REVOLUTION a manGOD [FIRE]UnVIELED.. TAPPING INTO THE MOTHERLODE CHROMO ZONE, ONE BAd MOTHER GITAR BUGGERhendrix is so better than the lessers. 10 TEN BRILLANT STARS ABOVE
B0000AZJXQ|3.0|To all fans of APC and TOOL, this album will be uplifting and inspiring in it's simplicity and complexity. Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. I just can't help but yearn for the guitar riffs and melodies of the previous album.
031286504X|4.0|survival, inWITHIN againstYOURSELF a NITEMARE/NITETIME ONSLAUGHT, delerious tremors alcholic ACCOUNT OF flesh feasting familiar nEIGHbors, NOT MR ROGERS, turns fiendish..FAMILAR SIXTIES, black and white GRAYaccount;as your formeveryday familar  turnS freakISH,nevillle the strong silent everyMANsilent type majority wakes up FAMILARly too hung overto cope. imagineyourTOPSY TURVY grainy,VERY matter of fact grimness...  ONCE FAMILIAR  THE omnipresent narator told in the third person present glorificationUNRAVELS.AND blows apart this readers preconcieved  ZOMBIE IN COLOR[DAWN OF THE DEAD] MALL THE EIGHTIES...notions
B00005A46T|5.0|Oh my GOD!!!  This CD absolutely kicks so much butt!!!  And meanwhile it may have taken me over 2 years to get this review written, this CD is still true to the meaning of heavy metal!!  And I just CANNOT wait until Slipknot releases their 3rd album.  If their self-titled first album and \\"Iowa\\" are anything of what's to be expected from them with the 3rd release, then all you maggots around the world, get ready, because Slipknot will be rockin'!!!
B00005MCX0|5.0|VERY HYPNOTIC, ''ADJUST ME'' IS A LITTLE DISJOINTED,STUTTER, THAT INVIGORATES AND MAYBE WE ARE THE MACHINES AND WE NEED TO BE ADJUSTED ACCORDINGLY.BUT THIS IS A WONDERFUL LISTENING EXPERIENCE THE AUDIO GENERATORS HUM OSCILATORS SOOTHE TOO, LIKE HAPPY BEAMMING STAR CRYSTALS. METAL MADE SHIMMERING.LIKE A GOOD SHEPPARD, STONED ASLEEP AND DREAMING..
B00005LC1H|5.0|John Cleese and Prunela Scales have the greatest chemistry playing a married couple always disagreeing!  If you love comedy, this is a collection that is A MUST SEE!  My favorite episode is when Basil (John Cleese) hires cheap labor to remodel his hotel.  This is by far a unique comedy from England!  There is nothing like it.
B00005V9IJ|5.0|If you want a movie that will have replay value, give this one a try.  I've watched this movie about 4 times already, and I expect to be able to watch it once a year or so for some time to come.  Very solid.  And the version that has extra features is really nice:  where the survival experts talk about what it would really be like to stay alive in a situation like what is in this movie.
B000001GQY|5.0|When these recordings were first released, the classical world was stunned!! How could anyone possibly play like that? Brahms' insanely difficuly piano concertos.<br />Some people wonder why this set is considered great. Simple. Gilels is one of those rare pianists who can play firmly and loudly yet with an unmatched LEGATO. Most other pianists would loose their sense of legato and the music sounds different. So there you have it! Enjoy!
0671891634|5.0|The book is great for both amateurs and professionals.
B000088E6D|5.0|Having purchased Michael Buble's album a while ago,I agree with the above reviews 100%. He's fantastic! Perhaps the singer the world has been searching for since we lost the unreplaceable Frank Sinatra. Give Michael a few more years and he will be the replacement we have been waiting for. Now..if you ever get the chance to see him in person,you'll be amazed! I had the good fortune to catch his concert in Philly last night and was blown away. He sang almost all the tracks from the CD. What a voice..and what a SHOWMAN! If there was a second show,I would have stayed on. Get the CD..some day it will be a collectors item. And by all means Catch Buble in person!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Outstanding album!  Definitely worth the wait.  After listening to this album it made me even more bummed that I missed them in concert by 15 minutes during Lollapalooza thanks to Bay Area traffic.  Their music is so different than what is currently being offered.  Thanks Maynard and gang!
B00005JKJA|5.0|Ok, well.  I think the first thing I loved about this film was the dark ambient harmonies and sound textures.  A mixture of soft, subtle and disturbingly seductive melodies, heavy, distorted droning effects, distant exotic murmurs, icy breezes.  The soundtrack evokes a cold alien atmosphere which enhances the provokative abstract narrative and draws you into this dangerously confusing environment full of corruption, superficiality, ulterior motives and deceipt.<BR>None of these characters can be trusted because none of them and their personal motives are fully revealed or comprehended.  It's hard to know whether you feel compassion or pity for them.  The acting is absolutely amazing and powerfully realistic.  I never really found Naomi Watts to be convincing in any of her roles prior to this film.<BR>The storyline and direction is incredibly abstract.  You feel that you have to take note of every precise detail.  The visual sequences alongside the soundtrack are very ecstatic, dreamlike and surreal towards the end of the film.  It all starts to look more like a Bjork video-clip by the end.  It's an exciting ride and wonderfully entertaining even if you don't understand it.  You'll most likely want to watch this film again to get a better idea of what's happening and also to be taken along for the ride.  I thoroughly enjoyed this.  But still...... What the............???!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|In their much anticipated follow up album to Mer De Nomes, A Perfect Circle manages to fill the void left in the minds and hearts of their FANS.  Thank you A Perfect Circle for filling our ears with you beautiful music once again!!!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This album is brilliant.  The arrangements, melodies and riffs are very deep, some heavy, some mellow.  The bottom-line is that this CD is great.  I've listened to it non-stop since I bought it the day it came out.  I can't listen to many bands non-stop without getting tired of them.  A Perfect Circle is one of the few bands I can.
B0000B1OFN|5.0|... I loved this movie, I thought the plot was interesting, the music was great, (I have the CD), and of course if you are a MINI owner you will find the cars fun to watch.  There was no computer enhancement with the chases.  It was all done with stunt driving.  Maybe today with all the computer enhancement no one can watch a really crafted movie that is done purely with talent.  I just put in my order for the DVD.
B00008EY9G|4.0|Wow!  I was pleasantly surprised with this movie.  When I saw previews of it at the theatre, I didn't think it would be that good.  Then I bought the DVD and was very happy I did.  This is a movie I'll watch again.<br />The movie starts off quickly setting up clues to the mystery, and jumping straight into some action.  The mood is set quickly too -- it's a dark and rainy night and the tension/suspense is very thick.<br />Quite frankly, there's nothing I didn't like about the movie.  The dialog was good, the acting was good, and I give kudos to Cusack and Ray Liotta for their acting skills.  And based upon the plot, it's what I call an intelligent thriller.  Don't expect the answers to come too easily.  <br />Finally, the ending did surprise me but I wasn't disappointed.  It was different and much appreciated. I'd recommend this movie if you like thrillers.
B0000027RL|5.0|Ten may not be Pearl Jam's best album (I think Vitalogy is better), but nonetheless it's one of the most important rock albums of all time. It contains 11 amazing songs, and introduced the music world to one of its most influential, imitated and prolific forces in rock music. It introduced the world to a young, charismatic vocalist named Eddie Vedder, who is now an icon and a true, profound voice in the media (both lyrically and politcally). It also introcued to the world to Stone Gossard and Mike McCready, two of themost influential guitarists of the last 15 years, Jeff Ament, who is a fantastic bassist, and Pearl Jam's revolving door of drummers (Dave Krusen played on this album then quit).<br />Enough about their influence in music, and onto the songs. Of course there are the classic hits &quot;Even Flow,&quot; &quot;Alive,&quot; &quot;Black,&quot; and &quot;Jeremy&quot; (the latter talking about a story of a disturbed child, accompanied with a then-taboo video of a school shooting). Those songs are incredible, but there are also some underrated songs on the album, such as &quot;Garden&quot; &quot;Deep&quot; and &quot;Release,&quot; 3 emotionally intense songs that close the album off, and aggressive songs like &quot;Porch,&quot; &quot;Once,&quot; and &quot;Why Go.&quot; There's also the mellow and beautiful &quot;Oceans.&quot; There is no filler on this album; even their under represented songs are just as good as the songs that were singles. This was the beginning of one of the best bands of the 90s, and they're still going strong now. Ten was released over 12 years ago and still stands the test of time, sounding as intense and neotoric as it did in 1992. A must own for any fan of rock.
B0000AOV85|5.0|For the most part I was happy with this DVD, and in actuality I would give it a 4.5, but even with the slightly flawed parts, there were some that were simply so stunning that I can't help but give a 5.<br />The best parts belong mainly to Richard Wright, who offered a very interesting look at the music itself, and his composition process.  Furthermore, he gave wonderful demonstrations of parts of &quot;Breathe&quot;, &quot;The Great Gig in the Sky&quot;, and &quot;Us and Them&quot;.  Even though some may notice that he can have a slightly tentative interview style at times, this does not diminish in any way what he is saying--in fact, he is actually the most engaging narrator of the four.  His piano demos, especially the one for &quot;Us and Them&quot; are moving, to say the least (I do wish he'd sung, because he really does have a beautiful voice, but that's all right--his playing was truly graceful).  One very nice thing about the way the demos are done in this DVD is that they are often blended in and out of the original recordings.  Quite frankly it amazes me that Richard Wright and David Gilmour are able to play demonstrations that have an original twist to them--and yet they can be successfully be blended to the originals.<br />I will admit that there were a few sections that grated on my nerves, and the culprit was usually Roger Waters.  Once in MOJO Magazine, Nick Mason said that the bassist made the most &quot;dreadful demos&quot;, and his attempt at &quot;Money&quot; was a strain to listen to, to say the least...I probably will return to that bit as infrequently as possible!  On my first listening I also found that Mr. Waters went on a bit much, and I didn't really have the patience to want to listen to it, as I thought the musical aspects were by far the more unique and interesting feature of this DVD.  The thematic aspects have been discussed numerous times in interviews.<br />Finally, I'd like to add that some customers' failure to read the descriptionof the DVD and understand in advance what one is purchasing is no excuse for a poor rating.  Such a rating says nothing about the quality of the DVD as what it is intended to be--a documentary, not a live concert or anything else.  Please, before you buy this, KNOW what you are purchasing!  But if you are interested in a documentary about The Dark Side of the Moon, I think you will be very satisfied.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|After listening to the CD for a 6th or 7th time, the lyrics and music stick in my head and remain there throughout the night.  The only way to satisfy my craving is to listen to the CD again!  It's awesome, like someone said, it's no Mer de Noms, I dont know if anything can top that album, it is flawless.  But this one is distinct and unique.  Weak and Powerless is a powerful song, and Gravity is quickly becoming one of my favorite if not my favorite track.  Its incredible, listen to the lyrics, the music, it wrentches your heart! Maynards voice flows so well with the music.  A remarkable piece of work here.  A must buy!
B0000C7PSW|2.0|&quot;Want One&quot; is a great album for those that enjoyed the last half of &quot;Poses&quot;.  It is full of pop-style ballads and very little piano and strings.  Although, his guitar pop tunes are alright, he is too talented to sell out and make radio-friendly music. The baroque style that he perfected on the first album and the first few tracks of Poses is only noticed on the first track of &quot;Want One&quot;.  I was greatly disappointed by this album and I truly wish he would go back to his old style on the next album.
B00002Z88D|1.0|This album is truly embarrassing and shows the greed of this band.This is a failed experiment which should have never of taken place.How could one mix metal with orchestra music?It just doesnt work.Thats like mixing hip hop with classical music.Its just ridiculous when you really think about it.All the songs on this album are worst than the original.The songs are too mellow and lack passion.Just another ploy by lars to get your money.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GARBAGE!!!
B000089RVX|1.0|I've tried giving this another go to no avail. On first listen, I admit the songs were catchy, however after halfway into the album the songs began to become a chore to sit through as they all fall heavily into the verse-chorus-verse song pattern. I don't listen to pop very often if rarely because of that nuisance. And on the second spin this became a major problem. I found myself skipping through several of the verse sections to hear again the chorus and then on to the next song. That's basically the bulk of this cd, a good chorus matched with a bad verse or vice versa.<br />The guitar work? There is really nothing to be proud of and it's quite boring. Vocals? They are good for a while and then you realize she sings the same exact way on every song. A little variation would be welcomed. The lyrics? If these lyrics inspire your field in poetry, don't quit your day job. The keys/strings are the ingredients that keep the product from being drab, and they are decent but it's nothing extraordinary. At the end of the CD we find ourselves smothered in a rather bad war-chanting chorus. Anyone who thinks this is great is in for a REAL treat as the band Tristania have been doing it for years and are masters at creating music with enchanting choir hooks.<br />Bottomline: if your interest in music starts and stops with mainstream/label-created bands then this is for you. However if you are more adventurous, and genuinely want to wet your musical appetite with truly great female fronted rock/metal, then look into the following acts: <br />Tristania, The Gathering, The Third and the Mortal, Left Hand Solution, Within Temptation, Dreams of Sanity, Chalice, Elend, Lacuna Coil.
B000002HMH|1.0|Metallica really went down the cliff big time on this release.From this album on all metallica releases have been poor efforts and very sad.All the songs sound the same and the lyrics are straight up corny.No memorable songs here and just lacks passion throughout the entire album.The band claims they are growing musically,but all I see is that they are being brainwashed into believing that by the money and the ideas of the commercial music industry.Dont believe a word from these clowns because all they see now a days is the almighty dollar.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS CRAP!!!
B000077VOY|5.0|I recently became enamoured of the works of Gerry Anderson, the first being his live action projects (UFO &amp; Space: 1999) and I never thought that I would actually find myself buying any of his puppet projects, but low and behold I found myself acquiring both Captain Scarlet and Stingray.  And I haven't regretted that decision since.  <br />Stingray is a marvelous show, yes it is a puppet show, and it's hard to take the show seriously considering that these are marionettes taken in dangerous situations, but it doesn't matter.  it's just a fun show to watch regardless, because the production value is very high and very exceptional with the action sequences.  When I watch Stingray, I feel like a kid again.  I love the characters, Troy Tempest, Phones, Commander Shore, Atlanta and of course the beautifully silent Marina.  What would've been interesting was if Marina could actually speak, who would've provided the voice?  But I think on the other hand, she works well as a silent character, because her actions speak a lot louder than mere words.  <BR>I especially like the opening sequence with the announcement of 'Stand by for action!'  and given the present climate of global terrorism, when you hear Commander Shore's proclamation that 'Anything can happen in the next half-hour' you can't help but feel some chills.   It's action packed, with some very excellent characters and humour that makes you feel good inside.  Definitely a must have for any SuperMarionation fan.
B000002L71|1.0|The newly remastered Stop Making Sense just blows this one out of the water and is worth every additional penny.  Really.  Don't buy this one.
0891349553|5.0|I have bought and studied many sculpture books over the years.  None have compared to this book, I learned so much, so easily.  <BR>Ms. Dewey has found a way to break down very intricate figures into simple to mold parts, and makes the building process easy, and the result amazingly complex looking.  <BR>If you have all but given up on your sculping, give this book a chance.  I was shocked that she could make my work look so professional and realistic!
0792846303|2.0|Some decent atmospheric shots, but overall pretty weak.
B000002ADT|5.0|Hundreds of reviewers can't be wrong. I could type for hours about the absolute poetry and artistry of this album, but why not let brevity triumph over prose. Simply put, this is the best jazz album of all time. Just listen; you'll know what I mean.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Mer de Nom is probably my favorite CD of all time, but when I first heard this one I wasn't really that into it. After listening to it in my car for a few days, it really started to grow on me. Now I love it. There's just one thing you've got to know if you listen to it: you've got to listen to the whole song or else the begining doesn't make sense. The Package is a good example. You'll know what I mean when you hear it.
B0000024YL|5.0|If you like Simom &amp; Garfunkel.  Go to [...] to win your free tickets to see Simon &amp; Garfunkel in concert in the city of your choice. It's free and easy...
B0000070UK|5.0|Firstly I start ourt by saying I had the chance of seeing Helloween live at Argentina in the Rabit don't come easy tour 2003.  the lineup was with Andi Deris in vocals as a matter of fact....still that guy can rock...Trust me that this CD is what started power metal.  Not that it is a sacrificial CD and it served its purpose for other bands to pickup up from...This CD is Helloween's finest even if you are not into power metal music this cd is just awesome...the quality of these songs are just never before seen...great and I mean great vocals from Michael Kiske considered by many one of the greatest vocalist of all time....you can see here why that is hehehe dude this guy can hit every note there is.  Anyway the guitar work here is spectacular as a guitarist I can say that Kai Hansen is one of the greats...Im into Yngwie, Vai, GIlbert, MIchael Angelo and all the shredders so trust me on that one.  This cd should should be heard with the lyrics in front...having that said there are some funny songs some epic songs but in general some good old classic power metal.  For every    guy going into power metal this is it.  This is one of my first ever power metal cd's and it still rocks...recomended for any person with a taste for good music...forget the generes forget everything just push play and enjoy
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I was delayed in getting my copy of Thirteenth Step (inexcusable I know, it's a long story... ) but having now got my grubby little mits on it I've listened to it 5 times in a row so far and am about to set off on my sixth journey.<BR>  <BR>No, it's not another Mer de Noms, and being as that has been the over-played, addictive cream of my cd collection with very little competition since the day it was released, I honestly didn't think Thirteenth Step had a hope in hell in my affections. <br />How wrong can a person be!! I am hopelessy, pathetically, devotedly in love all over again. What an amazing collection of... I would say songs but that's understating the fact too far... thought provoking, heart rending words set to haunting music by the voice of an angel? Yes, that's better. The voice may be that of a fallen angel but it's perfection is undiminished for that.<br />It's too soon to disect the album song, by song. In fact I may never want to do that. The whole is a masterpiece best not divided, in my very humble opinon.<br />I am, all over again, besotted by the deep, arousing, mixed-up world of emotion that is APC.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|I first heard Gavin on Pepsi Smash over the summer. I immediately decided that I had to own this album. I have it in my computer right now, and listening to it makes one wish to write volumes about it. Gavin reminds me of such singer/songwriters like Elton John, and the master of them all, Billy Joel. What makes Gavin so great is that he is one of few of today's singer/songwriters that plays the piano. This automatically gives Gavin an advantage in the music industry, but enough about Gavin, now to his album. <BR>     My favorite song on the album would definitely be &quot;Chariot&quot;. This reminds me of such groups as the Dave Matthews Band, with his smooth, almost jazzy style. Another song of his that I really like is &quot;More Than Anyone&quot;. This sweet love song could make anyone melt into a pile of goo. &quot;Chemical Party&quot; also stands out. This is one of his songs that has more of a rock feel to it...but where it's at is the ballads--&quot;More Than Anyone&quot;, &quot;Meaning&quot;, and &quot;Belief&quot;. Gavin truly demonstrates his skill as a pianist in these tracks. With that, I will say that Gavin Degraw is a musician that one can definitely trust with his ears.
0553382179|5.0|Stepford wife?  Please!  I am an educator with two college degrees and although happily married, have no children and like to work out with martial arts!  This book is for ANYONE who feels like the clutter in their house has taken them over.  My house was always messy and I had basically given up, thinking that there were clean people and messy people, and I was doomed to be one of the latter.  I picked this book up on a whim at a local book store and was instantly intrigued.  Imagine, a organizing book that makes no mention of buying nifty new containers or redoing your home to contain your crap!  Flylady operates on the principal that if something in your home is causing you stress or if you are looking at it with disinterest or hate, it's time to LET IT GO!  Toss it!  Goodbye!  This was a real novelty to a pack rat like me, and it has truly changed how I look at my home and the items within.  While I am far from completely organized yet, it has made a HUGE difference and my home is far more serene now then it ever has been.  I am slowly getting rid of everything that is not deserving a place in my life and I am all the better for it.  This is the ONE organizing book out there that will really make a difference!  Thank you Flylady!
B000002AGM|5.0|Of course &quot;New Rhumba&quot; with it's memorable theme is the<BR>song that sticks out most in my mind but overall &quot;Miles Ahead&quot;<BR>is one jazz album I can say doesn't require too much undivided<BR>attention.Evan's minimal orchestral treatments of Davis's<BR>standard compositions blend to create an overall easy flow of<BR>horns,melody lines and memorable tunes.Certainly an important<BR>turning point in jazz,not to mention a highly listenable one.<BR>Recommended to both Miles and jazz fans but also to those who<BR>havn't yet HEARD jazz because this will surely peak your<BR>interest.
B000002KNY|5.0|I don't have the CD version of this yet; I'm  STILL holding out for Warner Brothers to remaster the Heads' entire catalog. So I don't know if the CD cover is the same as the LP cover, which had a manhole cover texture to it. Jerry Harrison's concept fits the music within perfectly, dark with texture.<BR>The album opens with the Dadist &quot;I Zimbra&quot;, which was the blueprint for 'Remain in Light' and 'Speaking in Tongues'; quirky and funky.<BR>The rest of the album is stripped down straight ahead rock, especially the triptych of &quot;Mind&quot;, &quot;Paper&quot;, and &quot;Cities&quot;. These are songs as simple as their titles, but I have still not yet gotten to the bottom of them. &quot;Cities&quot; has what must be the ultimate college rock lyric ever &quot;Did I forget, forget to mention Memphis, home of Elvis and the ancient Greeks.&quot;<BR>&quot;Life During Wartime&quot; is the big hit, and almost 25 years later it's still relevant: &quot;Heard of a van that's loaded with weapons/Packed up and ready to go.&quot;<br />&quot;Memories Can't Wait&quot; descends into madness; &quot;Take a walk through the land of shadows&quot; indeed.<BR>Side two (!) starts off with the breathy &quot;Air&quot; followed by &quot;Heaven&quot;, &quot;a place where nothing ever happens&quot;; as revealing an observation of what may lie beyond if ever there was.<BR>&quot;Animals&quot; is just out and out paranoia. David Byrne is convinced the animals are laughing at us, and not just particular ones... ALL OF THEM.<BR>After the disturbing &quot;Electric Guitar&quot;, in which we're cautioned never to listen to it... even though the band waited until the 10th song on the album to issue this warning, comes &quot;Drugs&quot;. But instead of singing about how bad or great they are, Byrne just describes the experience; &quot;And all I see is little dots/ some are smeared/ some in spots/ Feels like murder but that's alright&quot;.<BR>Brian Eno is officially the 5th T. Head on this album. He'd produced their 2nd album 'More Songs about Buildings and Food', but on 'Fear of Music' his presence is well established especially with the stripped down yet quirky guitar sound. This also was the starting point where the group became the Brian and David show... and those other 3 guys he plays with. Thus the first seeds of dissension were sown.<BR>This is definitely NOT the first album with which neophytes should begin. Start with '77', then 'More Songs' and then 'Fear of Music' to understand and appreciate the incredible leaps they made musically and conceptually in just the space of 3 years.<br />Memo to Warners: Remaster the ENTIRE Talking Heads catalog!
B0000AM6K2|4.0|I was initially dissapointed by this album. After his earlier works, two of which flirted with brilliance, I had high hopes. <br />Of course, the title of the CD gives it away, but if you're in doubt, Rouse namechecks Carol King in the first lyric to make sure you're on board with the concept of the album. If nothing else, Rouse deserves credit for going after two concept albums (Dressed Up Like Nebreska and 1972) in such a short career. I think the former pulls it off and the second is close. Track by track:<br />#1: Like I said, Rouse puts his cards on the table early with this one, which is almost a discredit to his skills as a songwriter. But it does exhibit what I think Rouse is best at: crafting songs that are only appreciated once you find yourself subconciously humming it after you had decided that it was only a marginal song that now merits much more scrutiny.<br />#2: Excellent. Almost outdone by the video and almost undermined by the flute solo, but he pulls it off. I think the album could have used one more tune with a bass line like this one and #6.<br />#3: I couldn't help but initially be reminded of an awful Ben Harper song with the dubbed voice beat-box thing that starts and sustains this song, but once the melody kicks in, all is forgiven.<br />#4: Not a fan of this one. Primary reason I didn't rate it higher.<br />#5: Now the album is on course. All the remaining tracks are right on target. Slaveship's juxtaposition of a sunny love song and hints at darker undercurrents in a relationship are what I think Rouse was (or maybe should have been) after in an early 70s album.<br />#6: I dig this song. Some of the images are two specific for me (I wish it wasn't so directly tied to the Artic Winter experience) but the bass line erases any such worries.<br />#7: Ok, probably the worst line in the album, as the Amazon review alludes to: \\"...feeling sexual...\\". Marvin Gaye is a heavy influence all the way through this album, and I can only defend the awkwardness of this lyric by reminding myself that Gaye could pull off these types of lines. Does Rouse? No. But the song shifts effortlessly into a meditation on the state of a relationship that could either be becoming stale or just maturing. Another example of Rouse expressing doubt and regret tinged with optimism and sometimes resolve. This is the theme that seems to unify all of his work.<br />#8: Once I paid attention to the horns that start the song and foreshadow the abrupt shift that closes it, this song became more endearing. \\"I was stranded alone in my southwest dream\\" are the types of images that create Rouse fans.<br />#9: \\"Such a sad song\\" is the gospel singer's response to Rouse's \\"Such a melancholy song\\". Good to see singers use melancholy, but Rouse also deftly uses this exchange to suggest that pain can be overanalyzed. Sadness is just sadness sometimes. <br />#10: This song strikes me as an old song that Rouse wanted to include. It seems out of place compared to the others and better found on Dressed Up... (musically.) As such, I like it more than the others. But that's just me.<br />In the end, its the ambition of this album, and songs 2,6,9, and 10 that make it well worth plenty of repeat listenings. Only then does a continuity appear that makes the album much stronger than a simple collection of the same songs.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This is a great piece of work. Musically different than anything these musicians has ever created. I recently saw them in concert and the new songs sounds just as good live. This is a velvety piece that tastes as good as a fine vodka on the rocks
B00005ATQ8|5.0|I saw this movie when it come out on the big screen, and I was blown away.  I love Stanley Kubrick, but at the time, I really despised Ryan O'Neill so I hesitated to see the movie. Boy, was I glad I did.  <BR>I've read Thackeray's novel, and I really think that Kubrick was true to the story, almost to the letter of the book.  Even though the movie was long, it was so beautiful to look at, that I found it to be a pleasure, and the 3 plus hours just flew by.<BR>I especially loved the use of all natural light, including filming in candelight, and like other folks who have reviewed this movie, the frames were like pictures that had come to life.  Lady Lyndon looked just like one of Gainsborough's peaches &amp; cream wind-blown beauties, it was breathtaking.<BR>The worst part of the movie was Ryan O'Neill,  he's a rotten actor, really wooden, and his frat boy looks were not consistent with my mind's picture of Redmond Barry.<BR>But even he did ok under Kubrick's guidance.  I wonder how this movie would have turned out if there had been a really good young actor in the lead role.<BR>In any event, Barry Lyndon is a masterpeice, and should not be missed.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Ok first I just have to say that all you stupid ignorant people out their need to shut your mouths and stop comparing this cd to their last one and to tool. This isnt tool and will never be tool. And this isnt Mer De Noms. This is thirteenth step. a whole new cd. And its an amazing cd with such beutifule music, lyrics and everything else. All you people are mad cause its not has hard or as soft. But its good that its not the same. Its better when a band does something new with their album. as long as it works. It shows how they can be vaired and open. shows that they have variety and style. If they did exactly what they did on mer de noms then wheres their origonality. wheres their creativity. With this album they took it to a whole new step. they created something different and wonderful. so yes you are entitled to your opinons but actually have something substantial to back up your review with. argue something a little better then oh its not as good as their last one because of this and that. actually listen to this one with out comparing and you will enjoy it alot more.
B0000640VN|3.0|Many of the reviews I've read about this film call it \\"cute\\" & \\"sweet\\", and guess what?  It is!  I'm no big fan of Meg Ryan, & I really think she's getting kind of old for these types of roles.  It doesn't look funny when a middle aged women acts like her, it's just sad.  <BR>The big thing in this picture is Hugh Jackman, he's incredible as Duke Leopold.  If Prince,or in his case Duke Charming ever existed, Jackman's read on Duke Leopold was right on the money.<BR>The really wonderful thing about one of the messages in this movie is that good manners & a man who acts like a real gentleman are really quite sexy.<BR>I liked the supporting cast, especially Natasha Lyonne as they dreamy eyed romantic secretary.  The story, however, left a lot to be desired.  Who cares, as long as Hugh Jackman is in almost every scene!!!!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|James Iha and Jeordie White have made the band complete, in my opinion. I liked Mer De Noms, but this album is so much better than it. Billy and James' guitars on the songs, especially &quot;Weak and Powerless&quot; are just awesome. Jeordie's bass on that song is incredible too.<br />And of course, Maynard's vocal are outstanding as always.<br />Having just go it a few days ago, I haven't had time to really listen to it. But already, I'm hooked on most of the songs. Another reviewer pointed this out, the album is very addicting. I can not get &quot;Weak and Powerless&quot; out of my head, it's so creepy, but catchy.<br />&quot;The Noose&quot; is another creepy, but addicting song, especially at the end.<br />Overall the album is one of the best of the year. No offense to those who like them, but music is really boring these days with bands like Linkin Park and its 100+ clones on the radio and tv, it's refreshing to hear A Perfect Circle, or Radiohead, or Zwan (RIP), or QOTSA, or other bands who aren't afraid to do what they want instead of what they think people want to hear. One song on this album, is better than anything Linkin Park and others could ever put out.<br />So awesome. Buy it and love it.
B00000099Y|5.0|Metal these days. It just ain't what it used to be. There just aren't enough truly artistic artists emerging onto the scene. However, that's where Tool steps up to the plate. Although they are not newly emerging, they save the world of nu-metal with 1996's triumphant Aenima. This album delivers throughout the 77 minutes it is. It's heavy, has mad bass, and yet their singer (Maynard James Keenan) is more melodic than metal singers usually are (though he has his agressive moments). There were 5 songs that I had heard that persuaded me to pick it up: &quot;Stinkfist&quot;, &quot;Eulogy&quot;, &quot;H&quot;, &quot;Forty-Six And Two&quot;, and &quot;Aenima&quot; (all of which are amazing with such memorable bass lines). So if your taste is towards heavy metal that is truly artistic, heavy, yet somewhat melodic, this is for you.
B0000009SM|5.0|This one is my personal nominee for Best Frank Zappa Album Ever.<br /><br />That's a very subjective evaluation of a career that spanned three decades and included forty-plus releases as of Zappa's untimely death in 1993. But I suspect most FZ fans will know why I make it, even if they disagree.<br /><br />For one thing, this album's got the guitar solo on 'Inca Roads'. I stand second to none in my admiration for FZ's all-around chops and I love _Shut Up 'n' Play Yer Guitar_. But this is my single favorite (recorded) FZ guitar solo. Lifted from a live performance in Helsinki (and available in a slightly shorter edit on _You Can't Do That On Stage Anymore, Vol. 2_), it's one of his most fluid and melodic ever, and after thirty years it still never fails to grab me. (And notice his subdued, thoughtful use of the so-called 'wah-wah' pedal. He doesn't use it to go 'wah-wah-wah'; he uses it as a tone control.)<br /><br />For another, it's got a _lot_ of great studio recordings. To my taste, at least, this is where FZ really fulfills the promise of _Hot Rats_.<br /><br />For another, it's got the Mothers' dream lineup of the mid-1970s: Ruth Underwood, George Duke, Napoleon Murphy Brock, the Fowler brothers, Chester Thompson, and the rest (the same folks who accompanied him on his very best live album, _Roxy & Elsewhere_). Probably every FZ fan has his or her favorite backing band; this is mine.<br /><br />Finally, there's Cal Schenkel's brilliant and hilarious cover art -- which, in the CD release, is included in a full-sized unfoldable version for you to appreciate in detail.<br /><br />FZ was a musical genius and an incredibly prolific one; if you're just now being introduced to him, there are lots of places to start. I recommend starting here. Your mileage, of course, may vary.
B00005B36H|5.0|However, I have not JUST heard the 2 songs that EVERYBODY has heard (&quot;Schism&quot; and &quot;Parabola&quot;), but they're still great songs, along with the other 4 songs I heard: &quot;The Grudge&quot;, &quot;The Patient&quot;, &quot;Lateralus&quot;, and &quot;Ticks And Leeches&quot;. All 6 were amazing in one way (especially &quot;Ticks And Leeches&quot;- who knew M.J. could scream like that!) So I plan to pick it up at some point, and check out the other songs on the album.
B000002C1V|3.0|Many reviewers seem to consider The Final Cut a sequel to Roger Waters' masterpiece The Wall, but it has much more in common with his post-Floyd solo releases - even if it's much more focused than The Pros and Cons of Hitchhiking or Radio KAOS. The only real difference between this and Roger's `official' solo albums is in the personnel, but David Gilmour and Nick Mason are little more than session players on this release - and Rick Wright was entirely cast out of the band during the Wall Tour. Then again, The Wall was also mostly about Roger; contributions from Gilmour, though crucial in the final product, were not all that made The Wall great. Why is it then that the Final Cut is so very much less fulfilling and less memorable than that classic, groundbreaking piece of music?<br />Doubtlessly one of the most talented lyric writers in the rock world, Roger's lyrics always tended to be very personal, and at the same time very global - by keeping them abstract and nonspecific, Roger managed to keep some distance between himself and his songs. That's what he did to brilliant ends on Meddle, Wish You Were Here and mostly on The Dark Side of the Moon. On The Wall, though, Roger got personal - real personal. Fortunate for us, because that digging into his own soul got us one of the most important masterpieces of modern music. Perhaps less fortunate for him. Maybe digging up his own demons was too exhausting for Mr. Waters; maybe it was just a bit scary. I think that's the main reason Roger refused to perform any material from The Wall for the next ten years. At any rate, on The Final Cut Roger took a careful step backwards and again distanced himself from his music. But the wall was already broken. After The Wall, little more could be said; and anything he made during those years since the beginning of the 80s was, simply put, soulless. Sure, the lyrics are still great. There is some clever wordplay in The Final Cut, some biting social commentary. But Roger proves here beyond doubt that he is no Dylan and no Lennon - he is not a political songwriter. He can't write political or social lyrics to arouse the masses; he's at his best only when he writes about himself, in one way or another. And when he tries to write political satire, it always comes out as the rather pathetic sarcastic ranting of a deeply depressed middle-aged man. Not even the mandatory reference to his father's death (on `The Post War Dream') can create the illusion of the spark that Waters once had.<br />Musically, of course, Roger is still in top shape for The Final Cut, and he has some first rate musicians around him. The arrangements and production are spotless as ever, and Gilmour makes a few more of his moving and melodic solos; no new musical statements are made, however. The instrumental work is not given the attention it deserves, and sound effects are greatly overused - it almost sounds like a tasteless parody on the sound of The Wall. Occasionally, though, The Final Cut does succeed in reaching true and genuine beauty. Two of the tracks stand up unmistakably, to my opinion, above the rest. One important exception is the title track itself - which, sadly, has little to nothing to do with the rest of the album - but it's the only song on the entire record in which Roger reluctantly dares to delve back into his own soul and come up with some real and genuine feelings. A rather simple arrangement and melody make for one of the most beautiful songs Roger had written, and a guitar solo that sounds like the Dave that we once knew completes it. The other standout track, my personal favorite on the album, is the closing track - `Two Suns in the Sunset', the only song on the album that manages to combine clever and beautiful lyrics with beautiful music to make for a truly complete piece. There are several other songs that are interesting, but ultimately soulless and not good for more than a couple of listens - `Not Now John' for instance is a nice rock piece with some good instrumental work and some clever, but shallow, lyrics; and `The Fletcher Memorial Home' is good and smartly written satire, but ultimately a clich. On the other hand, `The Gunner's Dream' is a pretty song with nice harmonies and beautiful chord progression, but it doesn't really get to you, nor does it make any statement of importance.<br />`The Final Cut' is of course worth listening, especially for Floyd Fans; if you enjoyed any of Roger's solo expeditions, you're sure to like it. But know what to expect, and don't expect it to become a permanent favorite - it's entertaining for a few listens, no more. Songs like `Southampton Dock', `One Of The Few' and `Get Your Filthy Hands Of My Desert' are filler material, no more, no less; and while on The Wall all the little tracks that don't amount to much by themselves become crucial when the entire album is considered as a whole, The Final Cut just doesn't add up. Likewise, the effects and spoken parts, which were an important part of the puzzle in The Wall, sound pointless and pretentious here. Compare The Final Cut to The Division Bell to hear the two different halves of the Pink Floyd legend, and understand why in their case the whole really was much more than the sum of its parts.
B00006ZCFH|4.0|Ok, here goes. When I first bought, I thought this whole cd was off the chain. However, after listening to it more, there were some tracks that were a bit drawn out and others not long enough. I would say that of the 10 tracks on this cd 7 ...maybe 8 of them are really good (including the into and the outro) .If you listen real closely to the music which was really good on the intro and outro, you will be able to tell how it related to those title tracks. My favorites are <BR>Bump it <BR>Back In the Day <BR>Think twice (which it thought was waay too short) <BR>And most of all the slammin remix of Love Of My Life with Queen Latifah, Angie Stone and Bahamdia. They &quot;ripped it&quot; and I mean that in a good way.<BR>People who gave this cd a bad review was just being waay too analytical (I know may not have spelled that word right so don't trip) But then again I can understand some of thier critisizm. But since I am a Erykah Badu fan I can overlook some of the few imperfections of this cd. I do recommend, especially to the EB fans out there that you purchase this cd if you haven't already done so
B00009TB5G|1.0|Call me a purist, call me pedantic, call me whatever the hell you want. The fact is that this bastardization is not the Tolkien classic that I have read many times. A good book is more than just a general story with lots of easily discarded detail. The details are what make the story unique. In Peter Jackson's powerful mass-consumption version of The Two Towers, the details are changed (Theoden refuses to confront Saruman's forces, preferring to hide in Helms Deep), mangled (Pippin fugures out a way to 'convince' Treebeard to strike against Saruman), twisted (Faramir shows no quality and instead takes Frodo and Sam to Osgiliath), created without sense (Aragorn falling off a cliff) and completely left out (too numerous to mention). The list goes on and on. In fact, anyone who HAS actually read the book, will note that there is not one scene that captures the depth or beauty of Tolkien's work, despite New Zealand's breath-taking landscape. EVERY scene is different from the book. From what the characters say to what they do and why they do them. The only scene worth any acclaim is the fight between Gandalf and the Balrog at the beginning of the film. Interestingly, this is the only scene that Tolkien didn't describe in detail, but one that Jackson visualised perfectly. To truly do the book justice he should have refrained from altering what was already perfect and stuck to bringing THAT to the fore, rather than this watered down, unremarkable, run af the mill, fantasy flick. One day a version will be produced with less reliance on the child-pleasing special effects and more on the characters and the life-inspiring dialogue which makes Tolkien's masterpiece stand alone and tall among many giants of the grand art of storytelling. Ralph Bakshi's earlier poor animated version followed both the stroyline and the dialogue more closely!
B00008PW2E|5.0|I can name at least 10 people who are DYING to see the 2nd season of Six Feet Under. I mean come on people! The Sopranos have how many seasons out on DVD? I work at a music store that sells DVD's and it KILLS me to see Saved by the Bell seasons 1 &amp; 2 released when Six Feet under hasn't even released it's second season....I'm afraid I'll CROAK before they decide to release this show which would be kind of ironic but that's beside the point! Please release it SOON!!!!!!!!!!!<BR>thank you
0140177396|5.0|Set in Depression-era California, &quot;Of Mice &amp; Men&quot; is perhaps the most cleanly and concisely written of the great American novels.  Reading it, in fact, is more like reading a short story or, more precisely, a tragic play.  (Note how Steinbeck begins almost every chapter with a description of the place in which the chapter's events unfold, almost like stage directions.)  Steinbeck's creation of the man-child Lennie Small, his description and development of the dream shared by Lennie and his guardian-friend George Milton, and the foreshadowed, heart-wrenching conclusion are all sublime.<br />A must-read and must-own.  (And wonderful to read outside on a beautiful afternoon in September, with sunlight like California's all around.  Feel free to call in sick ...)
0060930187|5.0|This novel is a must read - period. The way the author takes you into Esthers depression and brings you through each step of the way is just brilliant. Even as a reader, you realized she was in deep and every justified thought was turned around to show just how deep in she was. Its amazing and perfect. If you have ever gone through depression, then this book will amaze you in ways you could never imagine, because things you once couldn't understand or comprehend... you see in the book and suddenly it begins to make a bit more sense. You relate to it - pointing out certain parts saying 'I've been there...' or 'Thats how I feel...' and through to progession of the book, realize just how bad 'there' really is. <br />I love this book to death and I highly recommend it to anyone who is ever remotely interested in it.<br />I won't lie... the beginning was a bit confusing and made you wonder about certain things but by the middle you are caught up inside the book and you will never regret reading it.
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|When I heard Weak and Powerless on the radio I was worried it was a new sound and I wasnt so sure this cd would be all that Mer de noms was, and I was right, this is different! and oh so good. Mellow, haunting, these songs are awesome. In my mind the first APC album was mellow and calm so this fits right in with it, but they are nothing alike. Maynard is seriously a musical master most ppl are lucky to get one awesome band, he has 2. This cd is definitly worth a few bucks.... It'll pay for itself with an emotional ride.
B0000021RB|4.0|The 1969 self-titled &quot;Chicago Transit Authority&quot; may well be the most ambitious debut album in the history of rock simply because it was a double-album.  Groups with that much material usually pick the top half and parcel out the rest on subsequent albums, which explains why lots of bands come out with great first albums and never come close again.  Instead, CTA shortened its name to Chicago (before that they were the Big Thing), kept putting out double-albums for a while, insisted on numbering all of them just to be different, and became the second most successful American rock band of all time in terms of albums and singles after the Beach Boys.  CTA did some rock 'n' roll but usually it was mixed with a heavy dose of jazz and some classical touches.  We were familiar with bands that had horn sections, such as Blood, Sweat &amp; Tears, but CTA took it to the next level.  Actually, if you look at the group's membership you can see there is a traditional rock band in there consisting of Terry Kath on lead guitar and vocals, Peter Cetera on vocals, Robert Lamm on keyboards, and Danny Seraphine on drums.  Yet the group's distinctiveness clearly came from CTA's power brass trio of James Pankow on trombone, Walter Parazaider on reeds, and Lee Loughnane on trumpet.<br />What is surprising is how many singles this debut album turned out, which is not surprising given it is a double-album, but is unexpected since most of the songs are ambitious in style and length.  Fours songs charted (one of them twice) between 1969 and 1971: &quot;Questions 67 and 68&quot; (#71), &quot;Beginnings&quot; (#7), &quot;Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is?&quot; (#7), a cover of &quot;I'm a Man&quot; (#49), and &quot;Questions 67 and 68&quot; (#24).  As we came to expect from the best groups at this point in music history, the really interesting tracks on the ones you only got to hear on the album.  Blues rock is represented by &quot;South California Purple,&quot; their political sentiments are expressed on &quot;Prologue, August 29, 1968&quot;/&quot;Someday,&quot; they stretch the boundaries of experimentation with &quot;Free Form Guitar,&quot; and the affair ends with the whole band lets lose on the 14:38 &quot;Liberation.&quot;  It might be more from a quantitative standpoint that a qualitative that the band that would be remembered as Chicago became the definitive American jazz rock band, but it certainly deserves that reputation.  We just should not have been surprised that buying a double-album from a new group was going to end up being such a serious commitment for so long a time.  But they showed in &quot;Chicago II&quot; that there was, literally, plenty more where these songs came from.ical sentiments are expressed on &quot;Prologue, August 29, 1968&quot;/&quot;Someday,&quot; they stretch the boundaries of experimentation with &quot;Free Form Guitar,&quot; and the affair ends with the whole band lets lose on the 14:38 &quot;Liberation.&quot;  It might be more from a quantitative standpoint that a qualitative that the band that would be remembered as Chicago became the definitive American jazz rock band, but it certainly deserves that reputation.  We just should not have been surprised that buying a double-album from a new group was going to end up being such a serious commitment for so long a time.  But they showed in &quot;Chicago II&quot; that there was, literally, plenty more where these songs came from.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|That's right, I said 'beautiful'. This album is quite different from the others and is Maiden's most experimental. There is still a healthy dose of grinding guitar riffs and classic wailing that only Bruce Dickinson can do. But the music is also very orchestrated with strangely beautiful melodies. It almost sounds like a fusion between Maiden and Joe Satriani.<br />This might turn a small number of metal fans off, but I personally think it's great to see a band do something a little different now and then. The lyrics are great, the music rocks, and the album's sound is very polished. <br />This is their best in a long, long time
B00005JMFR|2.0|I have never been so dissapointed in my entire life! Matrix Revolutions tries, but fails, to be a none stop action flick! The movie has nothing new to offer, and it has a very limited collection of cool action scenes (with the exception of some few very notiable scenes like the Zion fight sequence). The end battle with Smith also called Super Burly Brawl is no super at all. Matrix was indeed a revolution in movie history, Reloaded had better action sequences, but Revolutions does not manage to keep it up. Its like the producers of the movie got real lazy and decided to do this movie really really quick.
B0000C7PSW|4.0|While I must admit to the purists that I'm a bigger fan of Poses than his eponymous album, I have to say, this album has a great mix of simple, uncluttered ballads typical of the first album, and the more elaborately produced, symphonic tracks of the second.  I think we can all meet in the middle on this one.
B00009MGQL|5.0|Buy this cd!Its massive.Great tones and solos,the only problem is the voice overs and background beats.
B00006ZCFH|5.0|When I first listened to this album on Monday (4 days ago) I was unsure about Erykah's 3rd album - Baduizm and Mama's Gun remain in my all time top 30.  The melodies and hooks almost seem hidden at first and the album is all over the place.  But I refused to give up as Erykah simply would not release any old junk.  This album is pure class my favourites are Love of My Life (Worldwide), Back In The Day, Danger and I Want You (an unlistenable 10.50 minutes long at first, now it's an absolute joy).  Plus here in the UK we get 2 bonus tracks Love of My Life (original) and Hollywood.<BR>To all the reviewers who were unsure....in the words of Erykah on Mama's Gun 'y'all just listen...'
B0000AR8NK|5.0|Points to ponder while listening to David Bowie's new offering:<br />'If there is a &quot;New Killer Star&quot;, is the &quot;Old Killer Star&quot; a washed up has-been?'<br />'If we acted as if we had the appeal and prestige of &quot;Pablo Picasso&quot;, even though we know we don't, will we end up &quot;The Loneliest Guy&quot;.'<br />'Do we buy albums from artists we listened to as teenagers because it makes us feel that we can &quot;Never Get Old&quot;?'<br />'Men may ask:  Do I feel thirsty for more, like I'm &quot;Looking for Water&quot;, because &quot;She is Driving the Big Car&quot; and I'm a passenger in my own life?  Should I have jumped in the river without holding hands?'    <br />'If the young pup howls at the moon for the spring chicken's attention, does the old hen cackle when the &quot;Fall Dog Bombs the Moon&quot; to commemorate his ruin?'<br />'Was it more fun in the &quot;Days&quot; when we could still &quot;Try Some&quot; because all things were new then, than today when we are asked to &quot;Buy Some&quot; because we already tried it all before but have a line of credit?'<br />'Back in the eighties, at the clubs, we were sure, oh so sure there was a contest, a prize to win for being fabulous and bright.  Who won it, who won the contest?  Dead or alive, &quot;Bring Me the Disco King&quot;!'  <br />'We need to know!  Who was the best?  What was it all for if there was no &quot;Queen of All the Tarts&quot;?'  <br />'Remember, we used to &quot;Fly&quot; high?  We felt like we could &quot;Fly&quot; because there was still stuff to try.  But the wheel goes round and round, for life is all just a circle, and we feel the need to rebel again, against life, like we did when we were young.  Was that the Width of the Circle?  Are we STILL sinking in the Quicksand of our thoughts?'    <br />'Back when we first became angry we became rebels, or did we just think so?  So if our rebellions gave us the anger we have today and we rebel again, do we become &quot;Rebel 2's&quot; or  &quot;Rebel-Rebel's&quot;?  What is the point of rebelling if we are just fighting to end up where we were when we started rebelling in the first place?' <br />That's Bowie's dose of &quot;Reality&quot;!  That's what this is all about!  These crushing blows in a frothy pop mixture, smoothly played and crooned by Bowie and his band, shellacked and varnished in digital crispness and clarity in loving memory of our youth.  How cruel...how true.  <br />&quot;Reality&quot; is the truffle, the exquisite perpetual mushroom of the Bowie catalogue.  Luxury at an exhorbitant price.  <br />You may ask yourself:<BR>  <br />'Were THESE the &quot;Days&quot; of my life?' <BR>'Are these NOW the &quot;Days&quot; of my life.'  <BR>'Am I still as good as I used to be?'<BR>'What is the best thing I've done since &quot;Scary Monsters&quot;?'<br />&quot;Reality&quot; contains Bowie's cruelest offerings since &quot;Uncle Arthur&quot; and &quot;The Little Bombadier&quot;.  If you can stop dancing through the thickest layer of frosted, pop confection since &quot;Hunky Dory&quot; you're in for a wail of a miserable time.  Listen to it in defeat.  You'll like it, but he knows you too well and he...he can be mean.<br />Depressing, brutal and a kick in the slats.<br />Excellent, but how dare he?
B000068TPN|3.0|When making movies based on actual events, such as this movie is, there's a fine line between accurate portrayal and cliched heroic praise.  On the one hand, everyone that fought and died in Vietnam, on both sides, deserves to be remembered.  On the other, not everybody who's fought is a &quot;hero&quot;.  Even though we live in an age where every soldier is a hero, and anyone who dies for a cause is a hero, this is just people trying their best to show respect and admiration.  <br />I'm sorry, but being drafted and being sent to a war that I never even wanted to fight in, and then managing to get out alive, does not make me a hero.  This movie follows the same pattern as Blackhawk Down (which I thought was a real snoozer).  Some may call me un-American.  I like to think that I keep a level head.<br />So anyway, the soldiers who fought and survived, as well as the ones who fought and died, should all be remembered.  Should they all be represented as Herculian demi-gods?  Not exactly.  This movie takes a step in the wrong direction, in my opinion.  I believe that if you want a real, unbiased, objective approach to soldiers in war, watch Band of Brothers.  While it does try to impress you with heroism, it does it in a way much less cliched, and a whole lot more realistic.  Watching this movie, you'd never know that these soldiers were ever afraid, or that anyone wished they weren't fighting.  The battle scenes are over-the-top and not very believable (I never knew single-prop airplanes dropped napalm while flying 20 feet off the ground).  Too cheesy for my tastes.  If you liked Blackhawk Down, you'll like this, I suppose.
B000022TSH|5.0|Sure its about incest and the rapacity of LA but without Polanski's eyewitness to the Holocaust and a country in the midst of political, social and moral crisis, there wouldn't be, &quot;Chinatown.&quot;<br />The music for the opening credits couldn't be more perfect, capturing the big band sound of the thirties but hinting at a deep and painful weariness that goes to the heart of the film.  This is a film of beautiful surfaces where evil suddenly appears and shocks like maggots swarming the pit of the perfect peach.<br />Jack Nicholson makes J.J. Gittes sleazy, angry and desperate whose quest for truth is both foolish and noble.  Fay Dunaway displays a fragile strength and desperate pain as Evelyn Mulray that she doles out beautifully over the course of the film.  John Huston uses his oily warmth to great creepy effect.<br />And then there is the screenplay; beautifully constructed, wonderfully original with dialog that is both memorable and natural.  Is there a better original screenplay in Hollywood history?<br />Finally what is a mystery to me is how this film which is so sad and hopeless manages to feel so inspiring.  Is it that in its richness like all great works of art is the stuff of life?
B00008O31H|4.0|From time to time, The Black Keys have been compared to the White Stripes. After listening to Thickfreakness in full, I fail to see any relevant similarities. While both bands are certainly guitar-driven, The Keys are far more grounded in the Blues tradition. The song writing on Thickfreakness surpasses anything on the Stripe's Elephant in terms of story telling and meaning. Nothing agains the Stripes, but I just don't think you can compare the two bands as peers. <BR>I purchased Thickfreakness just prior to taking a long road trip from Virginia to Canada -- hoping for some good driving tunes. What I got was more than I expected. I am a true believer now.
0784011176|5.0|I highly recommend this movie. However, I find myself disagreeing with the person who suggested that art house productions are an acid test of how deep a person you really are. You only need to look outside of your window to know you are deep.<br />As for the soul, what's to say that we don't have one? This film greets us with that suggestion, as such, and guessing is one thing compared to another: not proof.<br />Check your baggage out the door. There is no right way to enjoy this film, only let it soak into you. If you love this film you'll surely enjoy the way the songs melt into you from the skin up.
B000001TAX|5.0|I have the Heart of the Congos album on vinyl and I have to say it is probably the best album I've ever bought. The Congos have such an original sound and this really is a must have in any roots collection. Despite what others say, the songs don't sound the same at all, they all have the same feeling, they sound godly and spiritual a lot of them, but they certainly don't sound the same. Cedric Myton has a righteous voice and I think it'll be tough to come across another album that tops this one.<br />Dub it easy,<BR>prince of eloquence
B00005JKJA|1.0|In the first hour of this movie you believe that you've latched onto a gem... a clever mystery... something between &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot; and &quot;Eyes Wide Shut.&quot;  But in the last hour you find yourself in the middle of a disjointed fantasy that leaves you disappointed and not caring about the characters.  Its like the writer couldn't think of a way to end his story, so he handed the script over to his deeply disturbed nephew.  If you liked &quot;Vanilla Sky&quot; or &quot;AI&quot; then you might consider this movie a romp.  But if you are an adult who is satisfied living on this planet, you might want to look for your entertainment elsewhere.  One positive note... the actresses' bodies are beautiful.  That is the only positive note I can think of.
0345347951|5.0|As a young boy many years ago, I came across this book in the library.  As I was interested in science, I thought I'd give this book a chance.  It was the start of a life-long interest in science fiction.<br />Years later, I picked the book up again (having purchased it for my own library.)  I read it through again, and was pleased at how much I still liked it.  The plot has been summerized many times before, but I do want to say that Arthur C. Clarke is a master storyteller, and I thank him for introducing me to the genre of science fiction.<br />Recommended.
B000000H64|5.0|When most bands release their sophomore album, it usually isn't very good, because most of the songs are just crappy leftovers that weren't put on their debut.  However, &quot;Demanufacture&quot; is a DEFINATE exception.  Most people say that &quot;Fear is the Mindkiller&quot; is FF's sophomore album, but it is only a remix of &quot;Sould of a New Machine&quot;.  I first bought &quot;Remanufacture (Cloning Technology)&quot;, Demanufacture's techno remixes.  And good it was!  But I decided to buy Demanufacture so that I could get a taste of FF's original stuff.  And when I did, OH MAN!!!  Was I EVER amazed!!!  All the songs on it are just absolutely great.  Here's a little description of each song:<br />1.  Demanufacture-  A great opening track to grab your attention.  This song starts out with an earthquake-like sound, followed by a conveyor sound with double bass drumming, and then...BOOOOOOOM!!!!  An EXPLOSION of heaviness!!!  Bell shows off his ability to do both singing and yelling in this song.  His singing voice gives this song a dark, eerie feel, while his yelling seems almost inhuman.  Great none-the-less!!! (just thought I'd say that)<br />2.  Self Bias Resistor-  An instant pummeller!!!  Yeah, this song goes straight into fast, hardcore riffing and drumming.  A head banger's classic!!!  This song is what got this album a lot of it's fame.<br />3.  Zero Signal-  I-N-T-E-N-S-E!!!!  This song is not only my personal favorite on this CD, but my favorite FF song EVER!!!  The intro is absolutely ingenius.  The vibe definately futuristic.  All of the members in the band shine with glory.  It's fast, heavy, and melodic.  Alot of synths, too.  Don't wanna spoil it, so listen to it yourself.<br />4.  Replica-  This song has kind of a Metallica feel to it.  It's a little different from the rest of the album, lacking the thick industrial sound that the other songs have.  Still a great song, though.<br />5.  New Breed-  A mix of metal and techno.  Fast, with a groove.A bit on the racket-y side, but fun to listen to.<br />6.  Dog Day Sunrise-  The band that originally did this song is &quot;Head of David&quot;.  A good song that kind of reminds me of something off of Metallica's &quot;Reload&quot;.  A good cover, though.<br />7.  Body Hammer-  My second favorite song on this CD.  The guitar riff has a Pantera-ish feel to it.  The coolest thing about this song is the hammer in the background that gives the song a groove.<br />8.  Flashpoint-  My least favorite.  Don't get me wrong, it's NOT bad.  It's actually pretty good.  That just goes to show that even FF worst stuff is still good!!!<br />9.  H-K [Hunter-Killer]-  Probably the most hardcore song on this CD.  Had T2: Judgement Day been released in '95 instead of '91, then this would have been perfect for the soundtrack.  This song is a mechanical monster!!!<br />10.  P*sschrist-  This song is really dark.  I wouldn't suggest listening to it if you are a firm follower of Christianity, it might kind of freak you out.  Bell's voice is about as demonic as can be, too.  I thought I'd substitute the &quot;i&quot; with an &quot;*&quot; to keep from angering anyone.<br />11.  A Therapy for Pain-  A good way to end the CD.  The slow, doomsday sound is rather creepy and entrancing.  Bell's voice once again gives you that spine-tingling feeling.  This is also the longest song on the CD.  It clocks at over 9 minutes long.  The last 4 or 5 minutes of the song is really spaced-out.  Definately a trip to listen to.  One of FF's greatest, though.<br />Well, that's my description.  If you are a true metal fan and you don't own this CD, then GET IT ALREADY!!!!  Don't hesitate, 'cuz you won't be disappointed.  I guarantee that.
0767805712|5.0|I've always said that science fiction is the antidote to 'future shock' (a series of books that came out two decades ago, which posited that we would all be overwhelmed by technology).<br /><br />Gattaca isn't far-fetched at all.  Who could resist a future where all babies are perfect?  No congenital defects, no weakness, no shortcomings...<br /><br />And woe be it to those born of a natural coupling.  Gattaca is that future examined today.<br /><br />Some have said the movie is slow.  Not so...it's deliberately paced.  It savors the possibilities, gives the audience time to consider how a genetically perfect person (Jude Law) would aid a naturally-born person (Hawke) to realize a dream he otherwise would not have.  I think you'll end up rooting for the guy born the old-fashioned way.  After all, at the present time at least, that's all of us!<br /><br />Highly Recommended.  The film gets the look of the future down just right.  I can't say this is a 'fun' film, since it's pretty serious about its subject matter; but I can say I enjoyed the film from beginning to end.  The questions raised in one's mind about the subject (could genetic engineering lead to a VERY stratified society?).
B00005JKZV|5.0|Despite some people's idealistic views of a detailed, perfect translation of the books (I'm refering to a previous comment), the Two towers is still an awesome movie. The special effects are not at all cheap or low-class, and the actors perform their rolls brilliantly.<br />The books are just as, or even more amazing than the movie, but it must have been an extremely difficult task to turn such a classic book of over a 1000 pages into a movie, and I think Peter Jackson (the director) did a very, very good job.<br />This movie is definitely worth seeing/buying.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I have been anxiously awaiting the release of this new album from A Perfect Circle and I was MORE than impressed with Thirteenth Step!!! It meets and exceeds my expectations and when I thought they couldn't possibly be any better.....they proved me wrong!!! I LOVE APC!!! :o)
0385484518|5.0|This book is easy to read and avoids the usual preachiness that I find in 'inspirational' type books. Those two reasons alone would have been enough for me to give this book a positive review. But beyond the general aesthetic reasons, this book crawled into every orifice of my consciousness. I found myself thinking about things during normal, every day chores. I would wake up the next morning, to remember that I had been dreaming about a particular thought that Morrie had discussed with Mitch. A book that can have this type of lasting effect on me is something special in my opinion. Also recommended: THE LOSERS' CLUB by Richard Perez
B000002H70|5.0|This may be the most heartbreakingly beautiful, remarkable music you will ever hear.  It is hard to even estimate the effect this cd has had on my life, or the number of times I have heard it, or what it has meant to me.  If I had to own a single album this would be it, with Louder than Bombs by The Smiths a close second.  Not a note or a nuance or a moment is wasted.  This is truly an example of what music can mean and do for a person.
0767827791|5.0|This wonderful movie satisfies on many levels.  It calls us back to a simpler time in our minds.  It is Americana.  It actually is a very strong love story, almost steamy at times (at least for it's day) - believable yet still cinematic.  It is an excellent character study.  It is funny, and it is sad.  It is a movie THE WHOLE family can watch and enjoy, which these days is saying a lot.  Although it is easy to see that &quot;Picnic&quot; was derived from a play, this point does not detract - in fact it enhances the film.<br />The casting is excellent.  Rosalind Russell as the spinstery school teacher is flawless, and her hen-pecked boyfriend (Arthur O'Connell) is great too.  As another reviewer noted, Verna Felton, who plays \\"Mrs. Potts\\", allows us to put everything into a peaceful perspective......even the \\"chaos\\" that ultimately ensues is a normal part of life, as her stable persona continually demonstrates.  Cliff Robertson is fine as Alan Benson - he does not allow his role to overtake that of Holden and Novak....a lesser-known actor may have worked better for his role.<br />Holden (and I must admit to being a huge William Holden fan) is superb.  Just enough cockiness and false-bravado contrasting with a genuine naivet of the real world around him (he's &quot;experienced&quot; with football and women, inexperienced with just about everything else).  So many of his scenes are gems - his first confrontation with \\"Bomber\\", his \\"women\\" stories to Alan, and my personal favorite, the scene where he and Millie (his \\"unofficial date\\" for the picnic) are driving to the fairgrounds.  After singing a rendition of \\"Old McDonald\\" together, Holden turns to Millie and says \\"Hey kid, here's one my old man taught me\\".  Then, after a pause (and realizing he is with a 15 year old girl), Holden shakes his head and instead starts up another verse of \\"Old McDonald\\".  Priceless!!<br />If the movie has any \\"problems\\" at all, they are minor.  Susan Strasberg (\\"Millie\\"), who is supposedly Kim Novak's bookwormy, unattractive sister, is anything but unattractive.  It will take more than a pair of pointy horn-rimmed glasses to put her out of Madge's league!  And there is something a little \\"stand-offish\\" about Novak's performance at times, although I have never been quite able to identify what it is.  <br />But this movie is 5 stars all the way.  Sit back and enjoy a movie for the ages, when actors could still act and a great and enjoyable story was still told.  If you need violence or vivid sexual imagery to hold your attention, don't bother.  Otherwise, you may love this film!
B000000W5P|5.0|This 1978 release from The Stones offers an impressive variety of styles, from their take on disco in the sublime Miss You to the humurous country of Far Away Eyes to the rock balladry of Beast Of Burden. Not many Stones albums offer such a variety of musical styles.<br />The rock tracks are tough and uncompromising, like the decadent When The Whip Comes Down, the acidic title track and the anthemic Before They Make Me Run. They also do a brilliant interpretation of the Temptations' classic Just My Imagination, giving it a much rawer soul sound.<br />It is clear that this album was a response to Punk and Disco, the two styles prevalent from the mid 1970s to the end of that decade. Without a doubt the Stones pulled it off very well as the aforementioned Miss You was a huge hit and has stood the test of time very well: it's mid-tempo dance track with subdued vocals, lovely ooh-ooh choruses and a genuine nightlife feel.<br />The country song Far Away Eyes is equally mesmerising, as Mick sings in a real country accent about a truck driver on the way to visit his girlfriend while listening to a gospel station. Although it's a parody, I find it very charming and very \\"genuine\\" in another sense. It was the flipside of Miss You and probably contributed to this seven single reaching Number One.<br />The songs are uniformly good with great tunes and plenty of attitude. Some Girls may not be considered as one of their top 5 classics of all time but I find myself returning to it again and again. A solid body of work with many highlights.
B00005JKWJ|1.0|after watching blade 1, i got my hopes up too high. fairly ok in vampire lore, nice effects (remember this was pre-matrix) and the lone hero fighting against nearly impossible odds.<BR>the sequel is everything you have learned to expect from sequels: crap. ok, as a zombie movie i guess its average, but its definately not vampires he fight against. and since they are almost impossible to kill, its more boring to watch since you realize the whole time he dont stand a chance, its just those profit-hungry producers that want to squeeze a last penny from you.<BR>plus, the special effects and choreography is not even near matrix, and that movie was made 3 years before this one.<BR>still, if you want an action movie, its action. if you want anything else, go stare at a wall. i promise, it'll be more interesting.<BR>get drunk before watching it, and if possible, have a lobotomy. thats the only way to appreciate this movie.
B000000W5F|4.0|Tattoo You contains some raucous rock 'n roll and a couple of beautiful, soulful ballads. Although not considered to be amongst their very best albums, there is enough here to make it a worthwhile purchase.<br />The opener, Start Me Up, is the Stones at their high powered best with its killer riff and insistent rhythm, whilst the melodic Hang Fire with its impressive vocals comes a close second. These were big hits and can be found on many Stones compilations.<br />The bluesy Black Limousine and the reggae-influenced Slave aren't bad either, but ballads like Tops and Heaven fall somewhat beneath their high standards. This may be forgiven though, since the closing number, the poignant Waiting On A Friend sees them at their soulful best. It's a moving ballad on a par with earlier great moments such as Wild Horses and Dead Flowers from 1971s Sticky Fingers album.<br />Overall Tatto You is thus an uneven work but the aforementioned highlights more than make up for the few tepid and uninspired ballads. I give it four stars but that is judging it by the high standards of their own work.
1400049628|5.0|I like horror movies, big George Romero and old Sam Raimi fan.  So, I thought I'd check out the Zombie Survival Guide as a fun goof.  What I really liked about this book was how serious the writer takes surviving the Zombies.  He is so immersed in the Zombie culture that as I read it, I started thinking more and more that these living dead creatures must be real.  Although I guess it is considered humor, I found it fascinating and kind of chilling.  I just couldn't put it down and in a weird sort of way feel more prepared for life's unknown eventualities.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|APC will forever haunt my thoughts.....I make music and only wish it could be as good as this. They only seem to excel as a unit with one another.....it's just mind blowing.
B000005Z0E|5.0|Now this is hardly 2Pac's most celebrated album. That distinction goes to some of his later work (Me Against the World, All Eyez on Me, Makaveli) and deservedly so. But make no mistake, there isn't a more important 2Pac album. Here we truly see into his Black Panther roots in the social consciousness he displays throughout his life. He speaks of the plights of poor blacks in the classic &quot;Brenda's Got a Baby&quot;, &quot;Trapped&quot; and &quot;Part Time Mutha&quot;. In the brilliant &quot;Words of Wisdom&quot;, 2Pac masterfully criticizes our society while simultaneously instilling strength into black youth.<br />2Pac in his brief lifetime became the voice of a generation. While he may never have been the most talented of MC's, he was by far the most beloved. His impact was simply bigger than rap music. He symbolized hope and strength for a young generation. He fearlessly attacked the status quo on behalf of those who were unable to themselves. He didn't just stand for poor black youth, he stood for anyone that has ever felt disenfranchised by society. 2Pac's message to America was clear: &quot;this is what you made me, NOW DEAL WITH IT!!!&quot; And never has that message been so clear than in this, his stunning debut album. For those who wish to better understand the life and legacy of Tupac Amaru Shakur, please purchase this album.
B000089RVX|4.0|I initially purchased this CD for the song 'Bring Me to Life.&quot;  However, upon listening to the entire album I've come to the conclusion that it's a very good album.  The first 5 songs, in my opinion, are the best.  It's refreshing to listen to a female vocalist with a strong yet softly captivating voice - too many of today's female artist's sound too high pitched, whiny or &quot;screechy&quot;.
B00000ICN5|5.0|Stevie's 1st studio release is an instant classic. This album has slow blues, shuffle &amp; rock all in one, a must have for the fan of blues rock. Put this one in your stereo, crank up the volume &amp; enjoy, you will not be disappointed.
0671646788|5.0|I have to admit, I have read this book about 8 times. I make it a goal to read this book every six months because of the powerful influences that come from Dr. Schwartz. I read this book initially in 1999 and was taken aback by how powerful the thinking process is. As a result of applying the book, I was able to get a better job, attain certifications in my field (Computers), buy a house and feel much better about myself. If you find yourself in need of a change, look no further than this book.<br />I recommend this book for family and friends. While the book was written some 30+ years ago, the concepts are still relevant, and the stories hold true today.<br />Put this book at the top of your must read list!!!
B0000029DD|5.0|This music can only be described as astonishing. There is simply no other word for the beauty and soul of Jeff Buckley's voice.He and his father,Tim, will live forever in their music.<BR>For those who know and love Tim, please add &quot;Grace&quot; to your collection. For all the younger ones who love Jeff, please seek out Tim's music if you haven't already. &quot;Grace&quot; stands on its own merit, but the river of feelings and painfully sweet music is the unbroken chord flowing through both singers. The experience of both artists is deeply mysterious and can produce shivers. Jeff is a sweet angel who will never be lost to us.
0679735259|5.0|Wow, this book compares favorably with Tim O'Brien's The Things They Carried. Michael Herr covered the Vietnam conflict for Esquire Magazine, and this book is like a mamoir covering his frontline impressions of the brutality, the insanity, and the weird excitement and thrill of life-and-death warfare, up close and personal. Herr's shocking honesty when he describes how he actually relishes the `high' of risk and danger is downright scary; I'm glad I'm not married to the guy! <BR>There's no preaching in this book; he doesn't have an agenda except to be as authentic in the telling as is possible. Great and engaging dialogue pulls you right into the story and the characters.
0684857219|5.0|I bought this book just because of all the positive comments written in these reviews. When I received it and opened it up I was a little intimidated. There are tons of BIG Bodied male pictures in this. And sorry to say that's not really my thing, so it was a kind of an overload. Right away I was like, I'm a 5.0&quot; female with a small frame, I don't think this book is for me. But you know what? You get used to the pictures and the excercise reference alone is worth it. I haven't really even read the book and I didn't really think I would, but just reading little excerpts, it seems like it would be very interesting and an easy read... it sounds like arnold is talking right to you. And one good thing about the pictures, seeing all those muscles motivates you to want muscles, not that gigantic hehehehe..., but just the size that's perfect for your body type.
B00005JLT5|5.0|This movie is beautifully done.  I don't have a single criticism.  Well casted, well written, just a true ringer.  The movie pulls you in from the beginning and never lets you go.  The life this man has to endure is painful to witness but entertaining nonetheless.  The obstacles this man encounters and the chronic fear and frustration he endures are felt by the viewer.  The movie is a glimpse into history, thought provoking, and the PERFECT pick for a rainy day on the couch with a big warm blanket.  It will make even your friends with short attention spans remain fixed to the set.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|A musical genuis' known as A Perfect Circle have created a new masterpiece titled &quot;Thirteenth Step&quot;. Includes James Iha, Maynard James Keenan, John Freese, Billy Howerdl, and James Osbron. It is the cd of the year. The 5 have created the most beautiful musical experience about the human emotion. Five stars and a must buy.
B00005JLSE|4.0|I think most people know the storyline well by now. Chicago owns it very much to the nifty foot work and dazzling colors by the cast.<br /><br />The plot by itself, isn't deep. In fact, when I watched it, I find it over-the-top and more comical than anything else. There's hardly any emotional depth portrayed by the anyone in the movie but special commendation goes to Queen Latifah whose single stage appearance for When You Good To Mama stole the thunder from almost anyone in the movie. Academy winner Catherine Zeta Jones also deserved praise for her sultry portrayal of Kelly Velma and the rendition of the songs. Renee Zwelleger's Roxie Hart is good but not exceptional. Richard Gere's vocals are obviously enhanced and I would say John C Riley puts in more than a passable effort than Gere.<br /><br />The razzle dazzle culminates in the finale scene with Velma and Roxie performing a very slinky and well-choreographed scene for I Move On against a stunning backdrop of bright lights.<br /><br />In the end, Chicago is fun and entertaining to watch. Lots of action and great hot moves.
0385504209|5.0|Many good surprises! It was nearly impossible to put down, but I had to sleep sometime. I just kept turning the pages to see what was next. You need to buy this book!
B000007MVL|4.0|I think this album is a bit underrated since everybody is always so wild about Hounds Of Love. \\"Lionheart\\" is Kate Bush at her best. <BR>This album is lush and sensual and in a way deliciously 70-ies with its weird cover photography and instrumentation. <BR>A warm record to cherish and keep a secret and listen to in the darker and colder part of the year (for that specific reason the album's overall atmosphere strangely reminds me of Bjork's \\"Vespertine\\")<BR>It doesn't suffer the somewhat hysterical overproduction of later work such as \\"The Dreaming\\", \\"The Sensual World\\" and \\"The Red Shoes\\" (although it loses one star because of \\"Coffee Homeground\\", which in its silliness should've been on \\"Never For Ever\\".)<BR>On Lionheart the melodies and choruses are richly beautiful (\\"Fullhouse\\", \\"Symphony in Blue\\") and songs like \\"In Search Of Peter Pan and especially \\"Oh England My Lionheart\\" have that typical Romantic-Kate-Bush-Old-English-Roses-And-Nursery-Fairytale-Feel that is so unique (and pretty hard to describe..) <br />That Feel of secrets in the garden and whispers in your sleep. <BR>The smell of coffee and dusty attics and female eroticism...
B000066NW0|4.0|I am a sixteen-year-old girl, who actually has fairly good music taste, considering what has been put out there in recent years...and a pretty eclectic music taste.  Im not saying my taste is perfect (far from!) but I do like a wide variety.  While I'm not partial to Avril's attitude or the whole &quot;im punk&quot; thing, I hate the word &quot;poser.&quot; I believe everyone should dress and act however they want to act, and it shouldn't be categorized and labelled. Anyways, my point is that even if you aren't too crazy about the person, you can still like the music, and that is how I am.  my friends and I listenned to this album repeatedly over the summer of 02. the music is catchy, I can relate to many of the songs, and her voice is appealing. I dont hate Avril, but I dont love her.  I do love the cd though (and know all the words, heh), and I look forward to hearing her next album.
B00009V7T2|4.0|The Mars Volta, the other half of At The Drive-In after Sparta's debut, has released one of the most important albums of all time, seriously.  This album does so much for music, it should be considered a felony NOT to listen to this album at least once.  Being a concept album, the story follows a suicidal man who tries to kill himself, falls into a coma where he experiences all sorts of abstracts from life, wakes back up and decides to kill himself ultimately after debating the issue again.  The story was inspired by Omar and Cedric's close friend Julio Venegas who met the same fate.  The music on the album is the strength of the experience though as the lyrics are often too trippy to pick up on immediately.  Omar's guitars are revolutionary with how he seemlessly plays through one song after another seldomly using the same riff twice at a very frantic pace.  Add to that the melodies the keyboards impose on the songs that create as much a presence as did Billy Howerdel's guitars on A Perfect Circle's Mer de Noms.  The thing that amazes the most is how far The Mars Volta is willing to stretch your mind across the colorful, windy, rocky terrain of their sound.  To compare them to another band is absurd.  They sound like nothing out there, you need to experience them the same way you experienced Hendrix or Zeppelin for the first time (no, not stoned).  They stand alone in a genre that will not find them much company if not for the lack of sheer musical and creative genius it requires to compose such music.  The album seems to lose its touch at the very end for the last couple of tracks which is why it misses out on one star, but the first seven tracks alone are worth the buy.  HIGHLY recommended for musicians!!!
B000002J6H|4.0|Stills is the man and this is one of his best. And as to the idea that Stills is not the most accomplished, the nice thing is that if you want to know what CSN sounds like without the S then you can get Crosby and Nash and hear for yourself. Great album, but without Stills C&amp;N are trippy/fruity. With Stills, they rock.
B000056N8X|1.0|This movie would be wonderful to anyone whose experience with Highlander is nonexistent, or solely through the tv series. The action is good, the story is good. However, the end completely invalidates all other Highlander movies ever made. In the first Highlander movie, it is made absolutely clear that Connor Macleod is the one left standing at the very end, the Last immortal, the winner of the prize. The other movies follow. However, in this movie, a prequel to the first movie, Duncan Macleod kills Connor, long before he could win the prize. Therefore, the other movies can't have happened. The writers took a good series and ruined it.
B000002LSV|4.0|I've liked ZZ Top for a while, and don't get me wrong this a good album, but it doesn't have half the songs it could. It's still worth the money, so if your a new ZZ Top fan, pick this one up
B0000AXE8I|5.0|On disc one of The Matrix Reloaded you get pretty much just the movie. All the extras are included on disc two which I will have to wait to see. But anyway, I have seen the video and heard the sound quality of this movie and it is phenomenal. The video is perfectly clean of artifacts. The sound will simply blow you away. If you were impressed with the audio from the first Matrix DVD, then you have to hear the sound on this one. Get this DVD when it comes out.<br />Video: A<BR>Sound: A+<BR>Menus: B+<br />Rated R for violence, some language and a scene of sexuality
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|You don't have to be young and angst-full to love A Perfect Circle. I'm 33 with three kids and the melodies they weave, the haunting richness, Maynard's soaring, suspenseful, perfect vocals-it pulls and tugs at you in ways you don't expect.  This album came out on my birthday which let me know it was a gift that would give me another enduring source of musical release and comfort.  The first APC album I bought for my boyfriend, but it never left my possesion after I heard it. (Have you ever heard the word 'temporarily' so beautiful as Maynard can make it?) Sometimes a glimpse of the dark side can also let you know how much light has come in since then...This album will grow on you as soon as you sit down to really listen to it-how the music is not just a background to the lyrics, but how the synergize into a whole, complimenting the tension, anger, confusion of the the emotions behind the words.  This is a rare talent and not to be missed. Chills and thrills all the way.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|A lot of people didn't like Reloaded, but honestly, I don't understand why.  I waited for the IMAX release before going to see the movie, so I had plenty of time to read the bad reviews.  I wasn't really pleased with Animatrix either, but I was enough of a Matrix fan to go to see Reloaded despite the rancor people had with the film and my own significantly depressed expectations.<br />It was one of the best movie experiences of my life.<br />Maybe it's because it was on IMAX.  Maybe it's because I enjoy Japanese animation (even though Animatrix left me flat), so I'm used to cliffhanger endings.  But I was shaking--shaking!--with adrenaline from five minutes in until we left the theater.  The fight scenes were beautiful.  Unlike in Animatrix, the plot continues to twist and deepen.  Yes, I wonder why some of the new characters have been introduced, but the same characters will be in the sequel, so I expect more to be revealed.<br />But the short of it is that the movie was an absolute blast (often literally!) to watch, and I, at least, left the theater feeling like this was the best ($$$) I had spent on a movie in a long, long time.
B00008J4P5|1.0|This (band?) hit it big this year with all that great rock music they make-even though it's really just donkey fart. A gimmicky record company risk that turned gold. Get your sister-wife-cousin, or whatever a drum set and go bip-boop-bip-boop-crash, or is it, crash-bip-crash-boop-crash-bip-crash-boop.I can't remember.<br />This band gives me a good ol' fashioned Rock &amp; Roll Headache.<BR>Also, it just goes to show you, &quot;you to can be a rock star&quot;, all you have to do is go, crash-bip-crash-boop-crash-bip-crash-boop.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|For the longest time I have been looking for the next great Cd. Last year for me it was Coldplay's A Rush Of Blood To The Head and this year it was Gavin Degraw's Chariot. There is so much soul, insight and simplicity in the music it sends whomever will listen to it to another level. And everyone should listen to it!
B00008J4P5|1.0|YES, I HAVE LISTENED TO THIS SHOO-SHOO AND HAVE ALSO SEEN THEM ON TV, ECT. THEY ARE ACTUALLY INTERTAINING TO WATCH BECAUSE, WELL, YOU HAVE TO SEE IT TO ACTUALLY BELIEVE IT! THIS IS BASICALLY A GIMMICK (BAND?) TO ATTRACT MAINSTREAM ROCK KIDS THAT ARE TIRED OF LINKIN PARK AND ALL THAT MESS. THEY BORROW SO MUCH FROM OLDER ESTABLISHED GROUPS THAT HAD THEIR HAYDAY AND IS NOW FORGOTTEN.... THIS STUFF GIVES ME A HEADACHE EVEN WITH THE VOLUME TURNED OFF!!
B000007XUQ|3.0|I really looked forward to receiving the Carpenter Christmas CD set, however I was very disappointed to have so many songs instrumental, as well as being sung by others. I thought Karen would be singing all the songs and thats what I wanted to hear.
B00004XQP4|5.0|True, this is Green Day's softest CD, but its still great, its good to have somethign different in every CD collection, this is stillsort of punk influenced and green day style just a bit softer.<br />1. Warning (10/10) - This song is sweet, its very original. it is up beat with a great melody and uses an acoustic guitar.<br />2. Blood Sex and Booze (9/10) - Not one of the best, also not a hard song, but not too soft its a good catchy one<br />3. Church on Sunday (10/10) - This one is not heavy but it is fast and melodic and very catchy, one of my favs.<br />4. Fashion Victim (8/10) - Its good, just not an outstanding track, its pretty fast paced.<br />5. Castaway (10/10) - this is my favorite! second hardest song on the CD, after Minority. tis is very catchy and great!<br />6. Misery (3/10) - Ok... what happened here? its cool Green Day tries to experement but this song sounds like some russian folk song or something, very annoying I dont like this.<br />7. Deadbeat Holiday (10/10) - This is a great song with cool irregular beats, its pretty fast too like Minority and Castaway.<br />8. Hold On (7/10) - Its pretty good, the harmonica annoys me tho, without the harmonica id give it a 9 probably, if u dotn mine harmonica you will like this.<br />9. Jackass (7/10) - Its pretty good, but nothing special.<br />10. Waiting (10/10) - This is a typical slower Green Day song, itd fit on any Green Day CD, its awesome!<br />11. Minority (10/10) - Old fashion typial Green Day! everyone has heard this, its good at first but doesnt hold its novelty as much as some of the others.<br />12. Macy's Day Parade (10/10)- Some people say its the follow up to Good Riddance, it could be. Its a very good slow Green Day song!!<br />All in all this CD is great for any Green Day fan or anyone who likes good upbeat music, even if its softer than other Green Day CDs.
B00006ZCFH|5.0|I've been waiting 4 this album such a long time.It's true,that u have 2 listen to it a few times.My favourites are Bump it,Back in the day,Danger &amp; I want u.They follow me everywhere I go.Very optimistic album,with good,REALLY good energy.
B00009TB5G|5.0|All I have to say that this film is a masterpiece !!!!as also the previous one and I am really sorry for \\"\\"eldamahj (see more about me) from Sydney, New South Wales Australia\\"\\" who made such sour statements...but it is not only about this film. I read several of his reviews and the bla..bla..bla is the same.<BR>Books and films are different, we can never expect to be an exact copy...it is simple like that. So folks never mind the sour bla..bla..,see the movie, buy the DVD or tape. It is really great to forget for 3 hours our corrupted, crazy world and look into a beautiful fantasy very, very,very well made. Hurray for Peter Jackson and all the actors and magicians who made it happen and let as enjoy this visual delight.
B00009V7P8|5.0|Such an amazing CD.  This is one of those rare CDs that you not only like every song on it, but I love every song on this CD.  It's wonderful in so many aspects: lyrics, fidelity, variety, I could go on and on.  It's a very well done CD by someone, like someone said in a review I read, is soon to be a household name.  I can't imagine any record company dropping the ball and not doing all they can to ensure this guy's success.  His voice is truly amazing.
B0000AZJXQ|3.0|Its good but it could be so much better.  Just listen to mer de noms and you will see why I think so.
B00006F83Y|4.0|I admit, i dont buy many cd's.I however am a huge music fan, and the ones that deserve to be bought i do buy. This is one of them.<br />1. Millionaire : An Awesome song all around. 9.5/10<br />2. Know One Knows : A great song thats a radio oriented hit. 10/10<br />3. First it Giveth : In my oppinion one of the best songs on the album. Really showcases the vocals. 10/10<br />4.Song for the dead : A mediocre song.Their capable of better. 6/10<br />5. The Sky is Falling : Makes up for the song preceding it. 9/10<br />6. Six shooter : Meh 5/10<br />7. Hangin Tree : A good song.One of the best. 9.5/10<br />8.Go with the flow : My Third Favorite. 10/10<br />9.Gonna leave you : Again, a solid song that is a superb work. 10/10<br />10.Do it again : Not quite as good as the previous , but still quite good. 9/10<br />11. God is in the radio : A great song.Not much else to say. 9.5/10<br />12. Another love song : Strange , but wonderful. 10/10<br />13. Song For The Deaf : Goodd, but not my favorite. 9/10<br />14. Mosquito Song : My second favorite and one of the best songs ive heard ever. 19/10<br />An amazing effort, and i cant wait to see them in concert
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This is simply the most amazing album I have heard in a long time.  The Noose for example gives me chills throughout my body. Which just reinforces my feeling that this album is powerful and moving, everything music should be.  From beginning to end this album takes you on a ride of emotions, the energy just ebbs and flows throughout the whole album.  BUY THIS ALBUM!!!!  YOU CERTAINLY GET YOUR MONEY'S WORTH AND A TIMELESS ADDITION TO YOUR MUSIC COLLECTION!!!!!
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|Yes, I am a tool fan. But none the less I love apc. I have waited long and hard for this album. When I first listened to it I was like what the ... is this? I figured that I would have to get used to it(which is always a great sign). I am a landscaper so I figured what better time to get used to an album than when I'm working(which is what I did). This album is beautiful. ...the first song(the package) is unbelievably penetrating. \\"Weak and powerless\\" was a chorus I had stuck in my head for the rest of the day. I know that people get (mad) when apc is compared to tool, but if you love tool I'm sure you can find a place in your heart for track 7(the outsider), an amazing song. Track 9 is a remake of a song by Failure(the nurse who loved me). In my opinion it is superior. It fulfills the fantasy of a nurse who cares for more than just our release into society. If I was a music director I would set the video in an insane asylum, it would work perfectly with the eerie music and love theme. This album isn't as hard hitting as \\"mer de noms\\" but is strangely satisfying. I found that it reminds me a little bit of Joy Division and certain works by The Cure. I wish that happy go lucky music could satisfy my everyday existence but it can't. Instead APC soothes my appetite and lets me remain human. I would give this album 4.5 stars if given the option. This is a great album to drive your car all night to. You never know you may just discover something about yourself. I know I did.<BR>P.S. White Pony by the Deftones is amazing too.
0385504209|5.0|Wonderful art and religious history. Long overdue take on Christianity.  Wonderful main characters. Two-dimensional secondary characters.  Great plot twists.
B000069HKH|5.0|Didn't listen to CD yet. But next best thing was Bruce in person in Denver.  He was amazing.  And the man has guts!  He said his feelings about the need to impeach President Bush and Cheney.  And he said all government officials need to be held accountable.  Darn straight!  And he asked to pray that our soldiers returned safely.  You should have heard the cheers.  He spoke eloquently and sang from the heart.  His songs show his passionate feelings regarding life.  There was also a song about those United Farm Workers--the ones who do the work those of us legal aliens won't do--all the back bending labor in the farm fields.  Totally timely and awesome.
B00005JKZV|5.0|I will really keep my thoughts short, this movie is a classic, a must have along with &quot;The Fellowship of the Ring.&quot;  The battle of Helms Deep is one of the best battle scenes of all time.
B00008H2LB|2.0|This band just comes in here thinkin their the best band in the world and think that they can reach up to Metallica or Nirvana or even Pantera. Next thing you know they might think there sellin 4,000,000 copies a day on 1 album.... yeah right....<br />     If you wont real music get these:Metallica, Nirvana,Pantera,System of a Down,Alice in Chains, or KoRn.<BR>             get them and you Will thank me you are not listening to this whiny little screaming nerd band.The only rap/rock band I even listen to is the old style limpbizkit like Significant Other or 3 doller bill.
B00005QIPH|2.0|Maybe Im being unfair. This cd just doesnt do anything for me. Ive had it about six months now, and it just wont grab me enough to stay in my 5 disc player. Is it cause all the songs sound the same? I dont know. I got into the Vines cd more than this. (The Strokes are often compared to them). Maybe in a year or so Ill get what I seem to be missing now, but as for now, this one is on the back burner.
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|I was really looking forward to this CD coming out, and I'm glad that I didn't wait.  This CD  is their best yet!
B00009XITP|4.0|My girlfriend fully understands that I'm allowed to drop her, without explanation, should Amanda Bynes enter the picture.  Her pick is Elijah Wood.  You tell me who got the better end of that one.
B0000AI44Q|5.0|At first I didn't really like this CD much. But it really grows on you, especially if you read the accompanying book and get into the story of Greendale. Now I can't get the songs out of my head and I would consider this one of the best CDs of the year !!
B00005B4GU|5.0|This album is worth it just for track 3, Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors, which is quite possibly the most underrated song ever recorded and undoubtedly near the top of Radiohead's best (not to say the rest of the album isn't great though). My friends say it really does remind them of revolving doors, but to me it's more of a song I would throw onto a soundtrack that I would use to take over the world. This song's scratchy atmosphere, pummeling bass, and eery vocals will leave you in awe and wanting more. I think if I ever heard this song at a Radiohead show I would probably just committ suicide afterwards because there is nothing in the world that could ever be as cool as this song being played live.
B0000033P0|5.0|Very progressive for its time and still fresh today. ELP never looked back while they were creating this classic, and that comes through loud and clear as you listen to this. The keyboards, drums, bass/guitar &amp; vocals are all in top form on this album.
B00005JMC6|5.0|I Loved this movie!  It's a great family film with strong messages for young girls.  Follow your heart, believe in yourself and never let anyone else hold you back.  This film should appeal to almost everyone.<br />The Maori music and singing was nice and the information on their culture, interesting.  Filmed in New Zealand.
B000002IU9|5.0|this is what that particular manowar album does to you; at the 0:59 seconds mark, the &quot;intro&quot; ends with the distortion still lingering and you're wiped off the ground with one of the most awesome battery sounds you'll ever hear! accompanied razor sharp riffing, this is an audial moment that you'll permanently remember. Eric adam's voice slices through the instruments loud, clear and demonically furious! i think his performance on &quot;triumph...&quot; is his best (studio) vocal performance with manowar. back to the music: the magnificently chilling keyboard laden interlude ends and Achilles vows to avenge his comrade's death (the bells' sound along with the keyboards' makes the passage perfect for an epic soundtrack). the scenery evoked by the music in here is so vivid! i always look out for music that actually makes one SEE as well as hear, which is strongly the case in here. now some people might not like the lengthy drum solo coming by now. i personally skip through it. it's just here to reinforce the concept of the gods forging Achilles' armor. As the solo abruptly ends, all hell breaks loose again with torrential double bass drumming, bass, guitars and mr adams' incredibly versatile vocals, going in a second from low growling bass to formidable high pitched screams.<br />now &quot;every one of us has heard the call!!!&quot; and one of the best manowar songs ( metal warriors) kicks in with its sublime rythms. a true, timeless heavy metal hymn. and please dont start arguing that their lyrics are 'cheesy' and their attitude 'sucks' etcetc....if you want pensive music you're at the wrong window, PAL.<br />&quot;Ride the dragon&quot; has its awesome intro where the guitars faithfully imitate a dragon's voice (sometimes, i admit i DO take manowar seriously!): this track screams &quot;FAST&quot; all the way; blistering drumming, whiplashing guitars and a fast talking vocalist. i'm smiling again....oh my god...<br />&quot;Spirit horse...&quot; is a song about the Cherokee indian tribe. it has my personally favorite manowar chorus and the slow double bass drumming reinforces the song's monumental atmosphere.<br />&quot;Burning&quot; is my absolute top song by Manowar. it's opening, delayed riff has &quot;METAL&quot; written all over it. this and Adams' whispered lyrics and brutally ascending and menacing tone make this song drip with evil and consumes you within its foggy, malevolent atmospheres.<br />&quot;power of thy sword&quot; is a classic manowar epic with swords slashing, winds blowing and grand choruses. very very good.<br />&quot;The demon's whip&quot; is maybe one and a half minute too long and i end up loving it at its very end, when you think the song ended but it blasts in back with unimaginable  thrashing fury and E. Adams almost barking the lyrics!<br />&quot;Master of the wind&quot; is the perfect, zippo-friendly closer; beautiful lyrics, grandiose keyboarding and passionate vocals from this incredible frontman.<br />this album is metal. great music, great artwork, great band. if you're a metal fan and dont have this, then something's wrong with you.Cherokee indian tribe. it has my personally favorite manowar chorus and the slow double bass drumming reinforces the song's monumental atmosphere. <BR>&quot;Burning&quot; is my absolute top song by Manowar. it's opening, delayed riff has &quot;METAL&quot; written all over it. this and Adams' whispered lyrics and brutally ascending and menacing tone make this song drip with evil and consumes you within its foggy, malevolent atmospheres.<BR>&quot;power of thy sword&quot; is a classic manowar epic with swords slashing, winds blowing and grand choruses. very very good.<BR>&quot;The demon's whip&quot; is maybe one and a half minute too long and i end up loving it at its very end, when you think the song ended but it blasts in back with unimaginable  thrashing fury and E. Adams almost barking the lyrics!<BR>&quot;Master of the wind&quot; is the perfect, zippo-friendly closer; beautiful lyrics, grandiose keyboarding and passionate vocals from this incredible frontman. <BR>this album is metal. great music, great artwork, great band. if you're a metal fan and dont have this, then something's wrong with you.
0553579908|5.0|George R.R. Martin picks up where he left off on A Game Of Thrones (quite literally) and further expands his epic masterpiece. In this second volume, A Clash Of Kings, Martin again pits lords and ladies, armies and rogues, and warring factions against one another in a sprawling tale.<br />At some 970 pages and featuring a tremendous cast of characters, this tome is dense, maybe moreso than A Game Of Thrones. More subplots are thrown into the mix and more storylines are twisted together, expending the scope of the already massive tale. Like the first volume, Martin pulls this off by using fairly short, punchy chapters, each of which serves to move the plot forward and keep this otherwise hefty book moving along at a rapid pace.<br />That's not to say Martin doesn't stumble slightly here and there. Unlike A Game Of Thrones, which was the leanest 900-page book you'll ever read, not every page in A Clash Of Kings was vital. A few of the subplots are given too much time, developing over a longer period than they needed to, and otherwise serve only to slow the narrative. The lengthy looks at Theon Greyjoy's trials stand out in this regard. Also, several chapters appear to fill time rather than push the plot forward or offer an important revelation.<br />But these criticisms are minor and the instances when they stand out are few and far between. Martin weaves and twists plots as well as any, paints characters we can truly believe, and builds builds builds to a rousing, thrilling and surprising climax that is superior to the wrap up of volume one. All in all this installment lives up to the expectations set by the first. Lofty expectations indeed.<br />Without question George R.R. Martin has once again given readers one of the best fantasy novels to hit the bestseller list in a long, long time. Don't let the huge page counts and ongoing nature of the series fool you into thinking this is another Robert Jordan or Terry Goodkind clone. Far from it. This is the best the genrehas to offer right now and is a must read for any fan of epic, gritty high fantasy.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|With &quot;Want One,&quot; Rufus Wainwright takes us on an amazing musical journey.  His voice is wonderful, though not for everyone.  My personal favorite track is &quot;Movies Of Myself.&quot;  The bass line carries the song very nicely.  It is next to impossible not to be tapping your foot when the chorus comes around.  <BR>This album, like Rufus' musical influence, is a huge production.  And I mean that in a good way.  Lots of backing choral-like vocals, and elaborate orchestral arrangements give the record a very full sound.  However, don't overlook the stripped down solo piano tracks like &quot;Pretty Things.&quot;  <BR>Overall, this is a tremendous musical effort by one of the most talented musicians in the biz.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|Simply Breaktaking...<br />No I don't say that often about albums.<br />Rufus Wainwright's sound is maturing and the instrumentation on this album really shows it beautifully!  The arrangements build up to such a amazing, lush sound that I makes you think \\"wow, he knows how to write lyrics AND music!\\" This album was made after he went through an immense depression...something that most of us go through at some points....so listening to this album is like building yourself back up, its themes take you through the little things in life that make it so complex. Seriously this album is my saving grace,  certain songs have such a POSITIVE feel that you want to open the curtains and scream \\"Hello Day!\\" On to the songs......<br />1. OH WHAT A WORLD--- This song starts out the album with a mellow look at like and how great it is. <BR>2. I DONT KNOW WHAT IT IS--- This is the first song I heard before the album came out, and let me tell you, its soooo catchy and it brightens your day like no other song out there today. Exceptional!<BR>3. VICOUS WORLD-- A tender tune about what life can throw at you and how we always gotta deal.<BR>4. MOVIES OF MYSELF-- The music in this song is one of a kind, very upbeat and cool, its just the one song where I Don't get the words...<BR>5. PRETTY THINGS--- This is a solo song with just Rufus and the piano, builds up slowly and provides a tender look of the little things in a relationship.<BR>6. GO OR GO AHEAD-- This song is another great song, it just makes everything go up, it makes you want to take all the drama in your life and face it head on. The soothing background vocals in the first half of the song build up beautifully to the Incredibly empowering chorus. AWESOME!<BR>7. VIBRATE-- A simple arrangement with simple lyrics about wanting that one person to just fricken call you! Great mellowness.<BR>8. 14TH STREET--t The album goes straight up again with this cheery anthem about the break of hearts. The kid like singing might shock you atfirst, but just realize what a great song this is because of its mere playfulness about a painful subject. <BR>9. NATASHA---A simply breathtaking song, one of the best on the album. Its instrumentation with organs is simply gorgeous and the lyrics touch you in the most perfect way.<BR>10. HARVESTER OF HEARTS-- Another Self empowerment song but more mellow. A song about soulmates, Rufus' vocals are perfect on this song, especially when the song brings in the jazz flairs in his voice. Right after, a BEAUTIFUL duet between a Trumpet and a Trombone make your heart drop....this part of the song is simply BRILLIANT!<BR>11. BEAUTIFUL CHILD-- Simply powerful, another empowerment song that makes you want to forget all your problems and look forward to the future. Once again, the brass parts on this song are amazing. GREAT!<BR>12. WANT-- The title track, a low key song about what were all looking for.<BR>13.  11:11 Good all around song, just doesn't stick out from the thers too well.<BR>14. DINNER AT EIGHT-- Great song about sitting down and evaluating someone in your life. A slow tempo song about reevaluating someone in your life. Amazing end to a FANTASTIC album.<br />WANT ONE is Rufus' best album yet, it shows how truly brilliant he is at songwriting AND composing and the sound he has at this point is sooo unique that the world must here it NOW. It has to be said that this is the kind of album that many artists (Justin Timberlake) WISH they could make. Where Rufus' second album, POSES had so many different styles, emotions, and moods this album is more focused and sticks to about 3 or 4 different styles, but trust me it works and the album is a WORK OF ART, ALBUM OF THE YEAR, BUY IT!
B0000039PW|5.0|Is this old school yet?<BR>If you don't know every line to Juicy, I don't want to know ya<BR>:)
B0000027F8|3.0|We don't hear much about her anymore since her unfortunate sausage-tasting experience in that Beverly Hills T-room, but this will always remain a favorite of mine. Praying for Time is an instant classic and highly underrated!
B000002WYT|5.0|If I had a dollar for every time I heard this CD in college, I would be living in San Diego right now.<br />Never gets old for me
0575073217|5.0|I can't go on enough about how much I enjoyed this novel. My definition of a good book is one that is well written, entertains/enlightens, and is thought provoking...Morgan's latest meets all these criteria.  I won't go into about the plot--that's already been done here.  Just let me say as someone who has read science fiction for at least 30 years it's rare that I run across a novel this good.
B0000BYM3K|3.0|This is a solid Maiden album and, as such, much better than most things being realeased around nowadays. But what makes me sad is that it could be much better if some details were corrected, in my humble opinion:<br />1) No Kevin Shirley anymore. The sound is muddy, not sparking. Maybe its Steve Harris as co-producer doing all the damage, I dont know (remember REAL LIVE ONE and REAL DEAD ONE). Anyway, try to bring Martin Birch back from retirement.<br />2) Janick Gers - the guy must go. His solos are nothing, altough he sometimes writes good songs (like the title track). I think he likes to think of himself as &quot;real rock and roll guy&quot;, but in doing so he just forgets that his job is to play, no to jump.<br />3) Theres no need to put fillers in the albums to make it pass the one hour mark. Gates of Tomorrow and New Frontier could be erased from the CD, nobody would miss them.<br />4) Endless repetition of chorus. Some great songs could have been cut by one minute, and they would be perfect.
B00008PW5P|5.0|I've always considered this to be a continuation of the songs from the wood album. not quite as fascinating as that album, it still rates 5 stars mostly because it was and is so different than anything out at that time. It is beautiful in it's originality.   As far as the tracks, I consider &quot;The mouse police never sleeps&quot; to be one of tulls best. Ian anderson with these songs paints word pictures.On previous albums the lyrics were more vague.   Listen to acres wild&quot; and you feel happy to be alive. run out and buy this album tull fan or not.
B000006SBY|3.0|It is unmistakably Bryan even when you listen to this with title and artist name undisclosed. Before the debut in 1979 he had been a songwriter so the album as a whole sounds as if Bryan were impersonating someone else's singing styles. Win Some And Lose Some and State of Mind are Rod Stewart styled tracks. With a little more luck, Give Me Your Love and Don't Ya Say It might have been used for major artists such as Bee Gees or Earth Wind and Fire. Wasting Time and Remember are surely close to some of Reckless tracks. While he shows his brilliant songwriting skill in this one, the vocal arrangement doesn't go well with instrumental parts. By the time &quot;Cuts Like A Knife&quot; had been released, however, he seemed to have acquired the technique to conquer such incompatibility. Such minor faults apart, you can really enjoy this upbeat album.<br />Essential for Bryan Adams fans and debut album collectors.
B000002OZY|5.0|I am a cynic at heart.  I believe that out of the entire population of musically aware humans, 99% of them have at least one great song in them somewhere.  50% could make a living as  musicians if they so chose, and maybe 10% are great enough to become legends.  <br />So why aren't there more legends?  Here's where the cynic in me comes out:  it's really about timing.  Being in the right place at the right time is 90% of being a legend.  And the other 10% is talent.<br />&quot;Tommy&quot; is a clear proof that Peter Townshend is a genius and a legitimate legend.  I consider it one of the top three greatest rock albums EVER.  Everything else The Who did previous to this rock opera was lucky timing that placed them in the world's eye so that we could behold the glory that is TOMMY!<br />Almost anyone could have written and performed something of the caliber of &quot;I Can't Explain&quot;, &quot;Magic Bus&quot; or &quot;My Generation&quot;. Who else could have written &quot;Listening to You&quot; or &quot;Amazing Journey&quot;?  No one.<br />If you haven't listened to Tommy in a while, do your soul a huge favor and dust it off or go out and buy it and experience it again.  Maybe it will inspire you to come up with that one great song bubbling around inside of you!
B000002LQR|5.0|I Think this is their best album.<BR>Although they did put it out when I was really into the whole &quot;grunge&quot; genre. <BR>I may be biased, plus I never really listened to their new stuff, just the radio stuff.<BR>Eh, nevermind.
B00003CX8V|5.0|When I first saw this film in 1960, I missed almost all of its darker themes and their serious implications. By then, Billy Wilder had written and directed a number of other films in which he also explores such themes. For example, The Lost Weekend (1945), Sunset Boulevard (1950), Stalag 17 (1953), Sabrina (1954), and Love in the Afternoon (1957). I had already seen them and only years later fully appreciated their significance as well as The Apartment's in terms of Wilder's use of social satire. I am reminded of the fact that the original meaning of sarcasm is \\"ripping of flesh.\\" Over the years, I have seen The Apartment again several times and am now convinced that -- despite its comic moments -- it offers one of Wilder's most cynical commentaries on human nature.<br />J.D. Sheldrake (Fred MacMurray) uses and abuses Fran Kubelik (Shirley MacLaine) to satisfy his lust; moreover, he exploits the naked ambition of C.C. Baxter (Jack Lemon) so that he (Sheldrake) and other senior-level executives can use Baxter's small apartment for their sexual dalliances. Baxter exchanges his \\"cooperation\\" and \\"discretion\\" for a series of corporate promotions. He is also attracted to Kubelik (obviously the film's most sympathetic character) and only much later realizes the nature and extent of Sheldrake's callous exploitation of her vulnerabilities. His \\"deal with the devil\\" upsets him only when he becomes aware of its human implications (i.e. Kubelik) and its impact on his own self-respect. Baxter's process of enlightenment is comparable with that of another character played by Lemon, Joe Clay, in Days of Wine and Roses (1962). Of special interest to me is Wilder's use of the Dr. Dreyfuss character (Jack Kruschen). He functions somewhat as a Greek chorus as the narrative progresses, sharing his opinions, but also becomes actively involved when his professional assistance is needed. I was also intrigued by MacMurray's performance in a role unlike almost all of the others he has played in films and television programs. Perhaps only a director with Wilder's talents could elicit such a performance. He received and deserved Academy Awards for direction and for co-authorship (with I.A.L. Diamond) for best original screenplay. The Apartment was selected for an Academy Award as best film, also well-deserved. Although the corporate machinations it examines may now seem dated, Wilder's guarded affirmation of human decency does not.ed in films and television programs. Perhaps only a director with Wilder's talents could elicit such a performance. He received and deserved Academy Awards for direction and for co-authorship (with I.A.L. Diamond) for best original screenplay. The Apartment was selected for an Academy Award as best film, also well-deserved. Although the corporate machinations it examines may now seem dated, Wilder's guarded affirmation of human decency does not.
B00008WT5M|4.0|It's a pity that drummer Chris Slade lasted for such a short time in Ac/DC. In this album, producer Bruce Fairbairn managed to create the best drums sound ever recorded on an AC/DC album. Even if Slade maitains the tradition of &quot;low profile drumming&quot; of the band, the sound of his drusm are powerful, crispy, helping the music in a manner AC/DC seldom had witnessed.<br />The songs are very good, the twelve of them. For the first time AC/DC released an album with 12 new songs. Thy were adapting to the time of the CD... And suceeded completely, because this album was much, MUCH better than previous albums Blow Up Your Video and Fly On The Wall (The &quot;Simon Wright&quot; albums). After The Razor's Edge, Ballbreaker and Stiff Upper Lip were also pale in comparison.
B00007L4MJ|1.0|I was unable to completely view this DVD, apparently due to a bad pressing. Amazon cross-shipped a new DVD, but it had the same problem (any chapter after about 40 would not play or had multiple tracking and audio errors; none of the specials would play at all). I had to get a refund :-(. So terrific movie, but Keno seems to have continuing production problems...
B00005JLKB|5.0|I started watching Smallville halfway through it's 2nd season.  I was pretty captivated by ever so beautiful Kristin Kreuk (Lana Lang) and the growth that Tom Welling (Clark Kent) goes through.  Having never been a superman fanatic, I never paid attention to this television series and thought it would flop it's first season.  Boy was I wrong.  This has got to be one of the the best television series out there today.  The character development is astonishing and the episodes only get better and better.  I just purchased the first season to get an idea of what happened.  It portrays young Clark Kent as somewhat of a High School geek with his fellow friends Chloe and Sam Jones III.  He is completely enamored by the lovely Lana Lang, but her boyfriend Whitney stands in his way.  This DVD is a must have for Smallville fans...plus you get 23 action packed episodes and over 15 hours worth of episodes.  I highly recommend this DVD and await the following seasons to come.  LEC.
B00005Q45W|5.0|Leonard Cohen couldn't.  When the songwriting career of a man includes the likes of 'Suzanne', 'The Stranger Song', 'I'm Your Man', 'Take This Waltz' and 'The Future' there's just no room left at the top for him to gain altitude.  However, on Ten New Songs he approaches the task and comes as nearly as anyone ever is likely to in achieving it.<BR>The match pair, 'A Thousand Kisses Deep' and 'Boogie Street' are my favorites in this welcome return for Leonard Cohen.  I've got an entire CD set up to play those two songs only so I can listen to them for hours.  I used to do the same with 'Stranger Song', 'Take This Waltz' and others.  Cohen has the touch to make the listener want that kind of experience.<BR>Great album, Leonard.  Welcome back.  If you can't do anything to top this one it's okay.  Just keep trying.
B00005RHGL|4.0|Having already seen My Darling Clementine (1946)  and The Gunfight at the OK Corral (1957) several times, I was curious to observe what director George Pan Cosmatos and his screenwriters would do with essentially the same material in this film. There are significant differences between and among them but suggesting comparisons and contrasts would be unfair to three different films which appeared over a 57-year period.<br /><br />Now on to Tombstone. Director George Cosmatos worked with a large cast and all of the performances are first-rate. William Fraker's cinematography and Bruce Broughton's musical score are carefully integrated within the narrative and serve it well. My own opinion is that Val Kilmer (Doc Holliday) dominates each scene in which he appears. However, Kurt Russell (Wyatt Earp), Dana Delany (Josephine Marcos), Sam Elliot (Virgil Earp), and Powers Boothe (Curly Bill Brocius) hold their own.<br /><br />As portrayed in the film, Tombstone (Arizona) is a western town in the last stages of being a community dominated by outlaws. The involvement of the Earps coincide with a growing local desire among residents to establish law and order. The eventual showdown at the OK Corral is a key event but by no means the only one. I was especially interested in how Cosmatos and Russell develop Wyatt Earp's character as he struggles to follow his conscience, establish some stability in his own life, and thereby complete a transition from gunfighter to private citizen.<br /><br />Back to Kilmer for a moment. I do not recall a prior or subsequent film of his in which he reveals the comic timing, nuances of personality, and conflicting anxieties which he does while portraying Holliday in Tombstone. His is a masterful performance, maintaining an exquisite balance between playful humor and force of will. I recalled elements of that performance while recently observing Johnny Depp as Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbean. However, the Holliday character is revealed to have much greater depth and complexity than Sparrow's even as both characters demonstrate at every appropriate opportunity a unique flair for mimicry.<br /><br />I do have a few minor quibbles. First, I think the pace of the plot lags unnecessarily at times. Also, the evolving relationship between Wyatt Earp and Josephine Marcos is not always in focus, even when allowing for a period of adjustment as they take each other's measure. Finally, I really don't understand the purpose of the final scene except to offer an alternative to the neat-and-tidy conclusion which so many other films offer. That said, I think that Cosmatos, his cast, and crew have created 135 minutes of generally entertaining, sometimes hilarious, and often thought-provoking material. Perhaps the more ambitious scale (e.g. timeframe and subplots) precludes the dramatic impact of its predecessors, My Darling Clementine and The Gunfight at the OK Corral. In any event, I enjoyed it.<br /><br />Final point: I wish all other versions offered special features comparable with those provided by the Vista Series DVD. They include a commentary by Cosmatos, the 134 Director's Cut Edition, featurettes (\\"An Ensemble Cast,\\" \\"Making An Authentic Western,\\" and \\"The Gunfight At The O.K. Corral\\"), an interactive Tombstone storyline, The Tombstone Epitaph - Actual Newspaper Account, and Cosmatos' original storyboards for the O.K. Corral sequence.epth and complexity than Sparrow's even as both characters demonstrate at every appropriate opportunity a unique flair for mimicry.    I do have a few minor quibbles. First, I think the pace of the plot lags unnecessarily at times. Also, the evolving relationship between Wyatt Earp and Josephine Marcos is not always in focus, even when allowing for a period of adjustment as they take each other's measure. Finally, I really don't understand the purpose of the final scene except to offer an alternative to the neat-and-tidy conclusion which so many other films offer. That said, I think that Cosmatos, his cast, and crew have created 135 minutes of generally entertaining, sometimes hilarious, and often thought-provoking material. Perhaps the more ambitious scale (e.g. timeframe and subplots) precludes the dramatic impact of its predecessors, My Darling Clementine and The Gunfight at the OK Corral. In any event, I enjoyed it.     Final point: I wish all other versions offered special features comparable with those provided by the Vista Series DVD. They include a commentary by Cosmatos, the 134 Director's Cut Edition, featurettes (\\"An Ensemble Cast,\\" \\"Making An Authentic Western,\\" and \\"The Gunfight At The O.K. Corral\\"), an interactive Tombstone storyline, The Tombstone Epitaph - Actual Newspaper Account, and Cosmatos' original storyboards for the O.K. Corral sequence.
B00003CXCK|5.0|Some people are wondering why Schindler's List is not yet available on DVD.  Well, here's why.  Over the years of the DVD's relatively short life, consumers have come to expect a certain level of extensiveness in terms of content on DVD's.  The fact that the DVD in question here is Schindler's List makes this expectation amplified exponentially.  So the studio can't just throw Schindler's List out on DVD, they really have to treat it like a project, which requires everyone to be involved (and Spielberg's somewhat of a busy guy).  So think of the DVD as a new movie in itself.  When Spielberg & Company decide to make it, they will, and it'll take time.  So be patient!  You're waiting for good reason.  :)
B0000AR8NK|1.0|I have been a Bowie fan since 1972 and he still remains my favorite Rocker of all time. But this CD is horrible!! No emotion, poor writing and NO songs that &quot;Reach out and grab ya&quot;. It's obvious Bowie has run out of material after 25 studio albums. Bowie seems to be writing for the young bubble gum pop music listeners. Lets hope that his next record is for all his long time loyal fans.. This is a sellout. You want to hear a great recording that spotlights his piano player Mike Garson, listen to Aladdin Sane. This record will help you forget how BAD Reality real is.. Sorry David, but truth sometimes hurts.
B000002P2V|3.0|After backing up from the bombastic, Synthesized sound of 'Who's Next' and 'Quadrophenia' for 'The Who By Numbers', the complex, Operatic arrangements, filled with Synthesizers, horns, etc, come back with a vengeance for the last real Who album - the last effort with Keith Moon.    The return to the mode that was so successful on the Who's best album should've been a good idea, but it isn't.  The main problems are over use of Synthesizers, Roger Daltrey's singing, and in particularly, the songwriting.    According to the booklet, the Who never actually performed any of the songs in its entirely in the Studio together.  And it shows.  Who Are You is not so much a Rock'n'Roll album as a composition.  Many of the tracks would have benefited greatly from being played in the studio, with less editing, mixing and additions.  As they stand, the songs feel artificial and unnatural.    Roger Daltrey's singing is no help, either.  Although usually one of Rock's best vocalists, on 'Who Are You' Daltrey mostly sings in an aggressive, machoistic and bombastic sound, which does not mesh well with the introspective lyrics of Pete Townshend's lyrics.    Nonetheless, Townshend is the main culprit in the failures and triumphs of 'Who Are You?'.  It is he above all others responsible for the editing and mixing, and as usual, Townshend was the main songwriter for the Who.    And the songs are problematic.  Lyrically, they are often narrow minded and whiny.  Townshend often tends to kitsch, but the hails for new music in 'Music Must Change' and 'New Song' are all but pathetic, especially as they came from one of the most important musicians of the time.  It is even worse, given how similar in sound Who Are You is to previous Who albums.    In fact, more then the lyrics, the music on this album feels old.  With the exception of the truly brilliant title track, the musical genius behind some of the greatest music composed in the 1960s and 70s is hardly visible.  Pete would write memorablehooks and melodies again (You Better/You Bet, After the Fire, and Let My Love Open the Door, just to name a few), but here they are almost completely absent.      Strangely, after contributing total of two songs for the Who's entire 1970s output, John Entwistle comes here with no less then 3 songs.  Unfortunately, although none of the song is any less then competent, even the best of the bunch, 'Trick of the Light' is not up to Entwistle's best work.  'Trick of the Light' is ruined again by Daltrey's vocal, which sounds boastful and self confident instead of wary and paranoiac.    There are nonetheless, many worthwhile things about 'Who Are You'.  The Musicianship of the Who is as high as ever, and there are a series of fantastic usages of instruments throughout this album.  And an alternative mix of 'Guitar and Pen', available on the reissue, is quite good.   'Sister Disco' apparently the second single from the album, is a fine rocker, catchy and straightforward.    Perhaps the highlight of the reissue is 'Empty Glass'.  Townshend's most intimate song, which Daltrey apparently refused to sing.  It is a real shame that this gem, which became the title track for one of Townshend's solo album was not included.  Subtle and slightly funky, it feels more natural then all other songs on 'Who Are You', and Moon's percussion and drumming is really cool, too.    But the masterpiece of the album is the title track, Townshend's ode to Punk.  Recalling a day of getting drunk and brushing with the law, Who Are You is not just a classic who song, but one of the best melodies of Townshend's career.  Daltrey's swagger is perfectly appropriate for this epic.  The glory of the title track alone makes this a worthy addition to the Who's legacy, and a fitting tribute to Keith Moon.
B0000AMJED|5.0|I really wanted to see this movie until it said it got rated in my local paper 2 stars. 2 STARS! I was then maybe thinking about seeing it and then decided to go for the heck of it. It was awesome! The story plot was pretty good, and there was a lot of action. Typically what every 13-18 year old wants to see. Recomended to action lovers and all teens
0385504209|5.0|This was my first time reading a book by Dan Brown.  I finished the book very quickly because I couldn't put it down once I started it.  I had never heard of all the intricate histories of the Holy Grail and the Church conspiracy theories that went along with it until reading this book.  Not only does the plot really keep you hooked, but you learn a ton about Christianity and Leonardo Da Vinci in the process.  Definitely the best book I have read in over a year.  I would recommend this book to everyone I know.
B00006L7XQ|5.0|American IV: The Man Comes Around is an incredible piece of work from the corpus of the incomprable Johnny Cash.  It is spiritual (and magnificent) in \\"The Man Comes Around\\" (his own song), painful and profoundly personal in his rendition of \\"Hurt\\", compforting in \\"Bridge Over Troubled Water\\" and holding out the hope for redemption in \\"I hung my head\\".  The music is incredible in its artistry and I truly believe that this album reflects Cash's finest hour in a career filled with hight points.  It was never over for Johnny...he always came around.<br />  The reviews of the cd are truly incredible.  The most poignant to me was from \\"Maestro\\" from KY, a self-described \\"18 year old black male\\"  who revealed his feelings for the music and the man.  I believe with all my heart that Maestro's comments would have truly touched Johnny Cash.  Generations away from each other, different cultures this music brought these men together.  Maestro said that Jonny Cash took it to another level.  Snoop Dogg acknowledged his admiration for Johnny Cash for saying what he wanted, not caring what others liked.  And Maestro tells us that a whole new generation of young paople of different races love and will love Cash's incredible work.  Johnny would love to know he could bring people together from such separate pasts.<br />  I'm overcome with these overwhelming feelings (like a double helix) where Cash, his music, youth, wisdom, racial tolerance, love, pain and redemption are woven tightly in this tapestry of American IV.<br />  With \\"Live at Folsom Prison\\" and \\"Live at San Quetin\\" I say this is Johnny Cash's finest work with American III fighting strong.  Please buy this album.<br />  We all love you, Johnny Cash.  When the Man Comes Around and with one hundred million angels singing, your's will be the one voice we truly hear and instantly recognize and know we made it home, somehow.  Later, Johnny.
B00005OAIE|5.0|John Mayer definitely showcased his amazing talent in this album.  Every song is superb and his light, airy musical style makes a unique sound that is here to stay.
B00003CXD5|5.0|I have been lucky enough to have had the opportunity to watch this DVD and all I can say is, don't hesitate!  Order it immediately!<br />The transfer is beautiful and is almost completely free from film damage or other blemishes.  The blacks are deep and consistent throughout the picture.  A beautiful DVD transfer.<br />Sound is presented in the film's original monaural track which has been cleaned up due to its age.  There is no hiss or background screech or other noise to detract from your viewing of the movie.<br />As for extras, Warner's presents the movie in its &quot;Night at the Movies&quot; format which simulates the experience of watching the film circa 1947 theatre style.  That means you get to enjoy period newsreels, comedy shorts, cartoons, etc. before you watch the feature.  Very enjoyable!<br />Disc 2 of this set features a 2 hour documentary on director John Huston's career, hosted by Robert Mitchum.  The doc features interviews, photos, private film footage and more and is a great tribute to this talented director.  Excellent!<br />Next is a 50 minute documentary on the making of the film.  There are interviews with the cast and crew as well as film historians that make a great supplement to the film itself.  Great!<br />There is also a classic Bugs Bunny cartoon, a &quot;Treasure Trove&quot; (tons of production photos, storyboards, publicity materials, etc.), and finally, a 1949 radio version of Treasure of the Sierra Madre performed by Bogart &amp; Walter Huston.<br />Warner again presents a truly great special edition of one of their classic library films.  Don't be without it!
0385512104|5.0|What I loved about this book is the graceful way Haddon uses the literal mind of Christopher to develop our understanding of his life.  No neurotypical person may ever fully grasp the working of the autistic mind.  We must rely on them to tell us, and as we see with Christopher, the viewpoint is told in language quite different from the words we neurotypicals usually use for description.  Many books written by parents or teachers of autistic people tell what they see in their neurotypical words.  Christopher tells us from his words and his descriptions.  Very clever.  Does Haddon get all the details precisely right?  Perhaps people with autism in a book group discussion might be able to tell us that.<br />I must respectfully disagree with the parent of a child with Asperger Syndrome whose rating of this book gave it only a \\"1.\\"<br />I, too, have a child with Asperger Syndrome, and I found Haddon's novel to be an entertaining read, a fine story, and a rare peek inside the workings of my son's mind.  Certainly Christopher isn't my child  -- just as every literary hero or heroine is not an exact replica of a true life man or woman.  I found surprising insight in how Christopher tells his story ... and it is insight into my own son and the other people I know who have autism.  Christopher's eating preferences, literal thinking, sensory difficulties, and math facts as a calming technique seem quite accurate.<br />As to the comment about savant capabilities.  People with Asperger Syndrome must have a perseverating interest; it is part of the psychiatric diagnosis.  In creating a character whose interest is math, Haddon hasn't done &quot;rainman&quot; sterotyping, nor is he creating a circus freak to entertain us.  He's shown us into one character's world.  This world fascinates those of us who are not quite so gifted.  How many of us say, \\"I hate math,\\" or \\"I don't do math?\\" Christopher, whose experience in the Tube station reads like a bad dream, effortlessly performs difficult \\"maths.\\"  His world is just opposite that of mine.<br />Christopher's \\"maths\\" also represent hope.  Math is what is good and constant and dependable to him.  And, it is marketable!  Dr. Temple Grandin, (a famous woman with autism) speaks about this at conferences.  When an autistic person has a special interest, we are to nurture it ... it may be their career one day.<br />As to the relationship of the parents.  Anyone with a disabled or ill child will tell you that it takes a toll on your marriage.  To ignor that is to hide your head in the sand.  Do they all end chaotically?  Certainly not.  But, is that good drama?  Would that draw us into a book?  The parent's broken relationship and the raging affect to which Christopher is oblivious illustrate beautifully how little the autistic mind picks up on what neurotypicals take for granted.  But, by doing his methodical detective work, Christopher nearly independently walks through the minefield his Mom and Dad have created.  How very, very clever he is!<br />I have a new insight into the fascinating way that my son's mind might work.  This novel fits well into both my literature and my autism resource bookshelves.  A must read for everyone, but especially for people who live and work with people who have autism.
B00006CXXU|5.0|I was a little hesitatant to buy this &amp; wasn't sure if I'd like it, but I'm very glad I did so.  This is no little girl's pop album.<br />This CD has all types of music:  harder rock, dance tempos, jazz/R &amp; B, &amp; ballads too.  One of my favorite songs, &quot;Make Over&quot;, is even sort of like Indian music-meets jazz-meets rock.  Her voice is absolutely incredible as well, without doing a lot of ridiculous, over-the-top, historonic vocal acrobatics.<br />Most of the songs are about coming to terms with a hurtful past, staying strong, &amp; going on to bigger &amp; better things.  Overall, I was very impressed, even after listening to it only two or three times.  Christina, you go girl!
B000002H97|4.0|The first eight tracks of this album are great, Enter Sandman is legendary, can there possibly be a more ominous beginning to a song?<BR>  Sad But True is good, even though I'm kind of sick of it. Holier than thou is another good one, not exceptional, but worth listening to.<BR>   The Unforgiven, a classic song, goes from hard to relatively soft with ease, why did they have to make a sequel to this song?<BR>   Wherever I May Roam, a great beginning, but this song seems to go on for a little too long.<br />   Don't Tread On Me, the obligatory anti war song, its good, i like the beginning and that West Side Story guitar part.<BR>   I don't even remember the next track since this is where the album turns sour for me.  Nothing Else Matters is the only great song left, The God That Failed is the only other one worth listening to, the rest are just...blah.<BR>   After this, metallica decided to &quot;expand&quot; their musical horizons, but it just doesn't sound as good. This isn't as good as the previous albums, but its still worth a listen.
B00008BXJF|5.0|For me, this CD brings together the power of the 70's Crim lineup, with the interlocking rhythms of the 80's, and some of the instrumental explorations of the ProjecKts.  Several of the songs have been perfected in live performances, and what Fripp and Belew give you is nothing less than a prog-rock classic.  It seems the band has reached a summmit, and it will be wonderful to see where they go from here.
0802130208|1.0|I have read many books about nothing and enjoyed the majority of them.  However, this rambling opus has a poorer center of gravity than its protagonist.  The humor is pedestrian at best and the characters, sparsely drawn, wilt in the New Orleans heat.  This is just another fine example of how book awards in general are misguided endorsements of sub-par work.  There is a very good reason why this book was rejected by various publishers...it isn't very good.  Toole casts a very large net, but catches very few fish in his attempt to capture an incendiary and convoluted period in American life.  It appears that Toole is making an attempt at clever historical fiction, but shrouds the work in ludicrousness in order to hide its short comings and general failings.
B00006RU5B|4.0|In case you didn't know (and I don't know how anyone reading these reviews on Amazon couldn't) Audoslave is formed of Chris Cornell, (vocals) formerly of Soundgarden and Tom Morello (guitar), Tim Commerford (bass), and Brad Wilk (drums) all formerly from Rage Against the Machine.<br />I must say that I've been a huge Soundgarden fan for years, and I always liked Rage Against the Machine as well. Audoslave is a near perfect blend of both bands, but somehow it all seems slightly subdued. While this album contains some really great rockers as well as some great slow/mid-tempo tracks it seems like few of the songs actually ever take off. Is Chris Cornell in top form? Kinda. His vocals shift from the lower, slightly gargled rumblings to his signature scream, which seams a little less powerful than in his Soundgarden days. Is Tom Morello in top form? Kinda. While there are many great riffs on the album a lot seem dirivative of others on the album as well as from his Rage days. Is Tim Commerford and Brad Wilk in top form? Yes. I really have no complaints with the rhythm department on the album.<br />As for the songs, there's alot to like on the album. Cochise, Show Me How to Live, Gasoline, and Set it Off are all fantastic straight up rock songs. And others such as Like a Stone, I Am the Highway, and Getaway Car are great breaks from the heavy riffs of the rockers. But some songs never really click. Alot seem to settle into the groove created by the first 5 songs on the album and just meander along. Morello in particular seems to have toned it down on the album. Most of the songs have really short solos, and when he does get a shot at the spotlight he seems to miss the mark more than not. Other than the excellent solo on Like A Stone the rest seem out of place. None more apparant than on Bring Em Back Alive.<br />All in all this is still a good album that would have been better with some more experimentation by the group. I certainly think they have promise. Any band with Cornell and Morello in it is certainly going to have their moments. I hope they can put aside their musical differences because with this much talent in a band they have the potential to do great things.Cornell and Morello in it is certainly going to have their moments. I hope they can put aside their musical differences because with this much talent in a band they have the potential to do great things.
B000002H33|5.0|This is the best Metallica album they ever made, every single track is worth listening to.  The actual song Master of Puppets is a brilliant piece of work.<BR>  Battery is a brilliant beginning, the only song that isn't great is &quot;The Thing That Should Not Be&quot; its extremely repetitive, when i first heard it I thought my cd player was skipping. But its alright, Sanitarium is one of my personal favorites as well as the instrumental, &quot;Orion&quot;.  <BR>   The great thing about this album is although for the most part they play extremely fast, they still take their time in their songs, its not rushed, this is a truly classic album and I'm not sure I'll ever tire listening to it.  Master of Puppets and Ride the Lightning, both are must haves.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|Rufus' third album will not disappoint any of his longtime admirers and it might even bring new fans to his unique musical signature. In Want One, Rufus is keeping with the tradition of grandeur and grace. The full orchestral sounds accompanied by multi-layered voices are there along with the gorgeous, pure and simple ballads. His voice has never sounded better. Want One is definitely more accessible, although I don't know if Rufus will ever be truly accessible to everyone, than his last two albums. There are glimpses of Queen, the Beatles, and Elton John. Not bad for someone who is only thirty!<br />Want One is my favorite of the three so far but I think that is just because it is so fresh. I will go back to alternating between all three, appreciating them all the same while enjoying their own distinct differences. Thank-you Rufus for making such great music.
B000066NW0|4.0|Yes,it is obviously true that ,this self-confessed tomboy does has a superb talent in singing and music.Much thanks to her voice range capablities that we have &quot;Let Go&quot;.Her highly energy singing style alongside with her dynamic vocals leads her to the comparison in among previous chick rockers,such as fellow Canadian Alanis Morisette and Fiona Apple,but somehow Avril still lacks of the edginess these artistes possesed.Well,this is only the beginning and she looks promising in years to come.....One thing that i'm not fond of is her song lyrics!They sound simply childish,yet considerable despite her youth age as a teen rocker.And in contrast to prove that the people judge her wrong,Avril should plays the guitar more often in live performances,or else she's not a punk rocker,but a hypocrite,a poser and even faker than Britney is!Another thing that is unclear is how much writing she actually does!She has 3 other professional pop writers to help her,but Michelle Branch on the other hand does her stuffs all alone...Perhaps there is still much more for this rocking chick to learn of,or else its a loose of this gifted,multi talented singer...and its none but AVRIL LAVIGNE!
B0000B3FCX|4.0|Simply put this is a great straight ahead hard rock album.  Good tunes from beginning to end.<BR>If you liked &quot;Silver Side Up&quot; this ones not that much of a departure musically.  Is this album <BR>better than &quot;Silver Side Up&quot;? That's hard to say.  I thought &quot;Silver Side Up&quot; was a pretty strong<BR>record.  You have plenty of tunes that's for sure, 11 plus 3 bonus tracks.  I think it's great that<BR>they've included those bonus tracks especially Saturday Night's Alright and Learn the Hard Way.<br />Personally I think the strongest tune and most in your face was &quot;Learn the Hard Way&quot; from<BR>the Daredevil soundtrack.  Lyrically on one song in particular (Figured You Out) shows how<BR>music and touring can be rough for relationships?!  Definitely a few anger issues in some of <BR>the lyrics here, which is fine.  All in all a great follow up!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I saw APC play at the Lollapalooza show (Auburn Wa. White River Amphitheater) and they were awesome!! I would recommend seeing them live as well as buying their CD..you gotta have APC in your CD collection for it to be complete.
0441172717|5.0|I can't imagine somebody reading through these reviews who has never heard of Dune.  None of you have blindly found this page, because everyone knows the legend of Dune.  A book that is so strong that it has generated several movies (Well alright, one motion picture and at least two made for TV attempts.) and a legion of fanatical, nearly rabid, fans.  <br />I'm writing this review for two crowds, those who've seen the movies and those who haven't read the book in years.  If you've only ever seen the movies you should be made aware that virtually chapters of details and backstory are cut out of the movies.  When I watch the Lynch movie version I'm left scratching my head, &quot;OK, Paul's Muad'dib...but what does that MEAN?&quot;  &quot;What the heck is Choam?&quot;  &quot;Why do the they call Paul 'Usul'?&quot;  &quot;What is so signifigant about Alia being born a Reverend Mother?&quot; &quot;What's the deal with the Spacing Guild?&quot; If you ever got confused in the movies READ THE BOOK!  There's a good reason everybody calls it a classic, it's just a good book.  If its been a while since you read the book I recommend you try it again, it's not a kids book.  You may find that you've forgotten why you like the book in the first place.  It's an great story with some very interesting ideas.<br />Young or old, I recommend that you read this book.  If you at all were entertained by the movie, or can't remember exactly your favorite part of the story I'd suggest you get a copy of the book and give it a try.
B00006AUIG|1.0|One of the worst movies I've ever sat through. Don't be fooled.<BR>I'd rather have my skin slowly peeled off my body before I'd watch it again. <BR>Good acting does not a good movie make.
B000002G7E|5.0|OK, yes, the production is 'rough'. Legend has it that the producer left the control booth in a huff after the band turned UP their amps instead of down as he had requested. No, this isn't chill-out music, it's noize [sic] and fury, but it's BEAUTIFUL noize and fury.  Like the amphetamine rush the title track recreates, it's a hard kick in the pants, a blast to the senses. Diff'rent strokes gang, if you want mellow, buy Enya, if you want aural ECT, try WL/WH.
B0000AZJXQ|3.0|i bought this cd thinking i was in for a hard rocking, APC album, but when i listened to it, i found that alot of the album is soft, more harmonized stuff. not that that is a bad thing, but its not what i suspected. &quot;The Package&quot; is a good 7-minute start to a promiseing album, but by the time &quot;The Noose&quot; rolls arround, im about bored outta my mind untill the last 2 minutes roll arround. My favorite track on the album is &quot;Pet&quot; because it is alot like Judith on Mer De Noms. All-in-all, Thirteenth step is an awesome album if your in a mellow mood, but if your looking for the hard stuff of Maynard's collection, I would sudgest Tool's &quot;Undertow&quot; or APC's &quot;Mer De Noms.&quot;
B000002UJQ|5.0|I kin hardlee eevn tipe n radiuhedd is just so gud i havv to try. so frgit wat thatt lazt gi sed. idyits lovv it tu! Ha! not a danz rekerd? i danz tu fittr happyr al thhe timme!
B00005JLXE|1.0|I thought Affleck was great in &quot;Phantoms&quot;.  He's horrible in this role. He wasn't a very convincing blind person. <BR>It actually started of pretty good but went downhill quickly.<BR>When the Jennifer Gardner character was introduced it went from dumb to dumber. She is a lame actress. I guess she fit the suit.<BR>Don't let Hollywood fool you by putting a couple of big names in the movie and trying to pass it of as a legitimate effort.<BR>The movie is horrible. I couldn't finish it. <BR>I left 3/4 of the way through it to mow the yard, in the dark.
B00006JJ2Y|2.0|The other reviews are pretty much on the mark.  This early Binaural recording is wasted on a sloppy (and I'm being kind) performance of Lou essentially ignoring his band and venting/rapping for the duration.  For completests or comedy fans only.
B00006RU5B|5.0|Soundgarden's powerful frontman Chris Cornell's album with the remaining members of Rage Against the Machine....what rock fan would question that combonation twice? Its like the best of both worlds, grunge and political rock. im gonna go with a cleche and rate all the songs in order, but first, i want to say that my mother, a 47 year old nurse loves anything audioslave. she has seen them live twice (once on their small all sold out club tour and once at lollapalooza), she has an audioslave tour shirt, she has 4 copies of the album, and she knows every riff, every lyric, every freaking breath that chris cornell takes....its sick!....anyways,<br />1) Cochise - (7/10) - this song was overplayed on the radio (99X) and it sorta made me mad because it is such a good song, but the radio didnt destroy this song at all....<br />2) Show Me How To Live - (100/10) - the best song on the album by far. my mom screams this song whenever its comes on the radio or it rolls along on the album, actually its kinda embarassing....<br />3) Gasoline - (9/10) - another great song with a great drum beat....easy and smoothe....great!<br />4) What You Are - (8/10) - a good song, it really stes the mood for the next song<br />5) Like A Stone - (9/10) - who hasn't heard this song? its overplayed, but under respected....<br />6) Set It Off - (10/10) - an awesome song....its like, woah! different change of things from Like a Stone<br />7) Shadow on the Sun - (6/10) - my least favorite song on the album, its too shakey, this is the middway dip for the album<br />8) I Am the Highway - (11/10) - my second favorite song on the album. if you have ever seen them live, Chris Cornell plays this song alone acoustic. its the highlight of the concert (besides &quot;Seven Nation Army, the White Stripes cover).<br />9) Exploder - (8/10) - great song, but not always the mandatory song to listen to<br />10) Hypnotize - (8/10) - see #9<br />11) Bring Em Back Alive (7/10) - its an alright song, but its wayyyyyyybetter live.<br />12) Light My Way - (10/10) - the last awesome song on the album (not that all the rest are bad). great live too!<br />13) Getaway Car - (8/10) - pretty good song, but not the best<br />14) The Last Remaining Light - (9/10) - an awesome way to end an awesome album!<br />in general, i believe that everyone should love this band because they are worth it!
B0000B3FCX|1.0|The only thing that is remarkable about this band is Chad Kroeger's consistency in writing 4 consecutive albums that all sound amazingly the same.  I also admire his unbelieveable confidence in these ordinary songs. Don't waste your time with this type of music.  It reeks of insincerity and has nothing to offer musically that 10,000 post grunge bands before haven't done.  Where are the riffs? Where are the melodies that ring in your head?  There are none.  If you want some real Canadian rock check out RUSH's new one or check out Audioslave, The White Stripes, and The Vines. These bands have something to say and they are not filled with self-regard...oh, and they have talent.
0375422307|4.0|Having dated an Iranian who illuminated for me that Iran is not quite the 'axis of evil' it has been made out to be - but a place whose people have suffered in the face of oppressive government regimes-- I can honestly say this book in its simple but profound way, shows the warmth, humor, intelligence and vulnerablity of the Iranian people. I have read other books, such as Persian Mirrors, which give the reader a clear sense of Iran's history. But until reading this book, I had yet to find material which showed Iranians' sensitivity, kindness and love of family, feasts and the finest things in life. Satrapi's book reminds us to be compassionate at a time when fear &amp; anger easily eclipses our best intentions.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|It's hard to write a Review based on a Sophmore attempt by a band that came based on a side project by the lead singer Maynard of Tool fame. This is talent on a level we haven't seen since Cobain, and it may be that Maynard will have to die to really be recognized for the brilliance that resides in his vocals. A Perfect Circle is his attempt at a much more melodic and tonal music than Tool. <BR>The lilting voice and inflection of lyrics and the piercing screams from Maynards voice box are something short of beautifull to listen to. This is powerfull music from beginning to end and extremely not Mainstream. In a world that has been castrated musically by Pop bands and Hip Hop, A Perfect Circle is something truly special.<BR>I can't state enough how purely good this album is to my ears. Mer De Noms was a warm up that still is not able to prepare you for this. The moment you hear \\"The Package\\" to the very end when they are capping it off with \\"Gravity\\" you will be held in a spell. This music is nothing short of magic, weaved by a master magician. <BR>If you are looking for something different and experimental, get this, if you are simply looking for good music, get this. If you are looking for the latest Britanny Spears rippoff, look elsewhere.
0553573403|5.0|I Love this book.  I have not liked an author this much since Robert E. Howard.
B00005JM02|5.0|Will this animation juggernaut be nominated for the Oscar for Best Picture?  Very Likely.  When I saw this in the theater I went to the late showing, at 10:20pm.  True, it is kind of a strange time to be seeing a family film, but nobody was there and I could stretch out in my own private movie house. Then the movie began and I was instantly amazed with the astounding animation.  If Pixar keeps improving we may very well be seeing a Pixar/Live Action amalgamation.  Now, I am 32 years old and I own both Toy Story films, as well as A Bug's Life.  So, it should be no surprise when I go and purchase this future classic with the usual dialogue:  \\"Are you buying this for your kids?\\"  \\"No, I'm buying this for myself.\\"  There is so much adult innuendo and mature characterization, as well as witty word-play: \\"First, you must pass through the fires of Mount Wanna-hawk-a-loogy!\\"  I loved that line, and I was sure I would see the guys in white suits come into the theater at any moment due to my incessant laughing.  Why has no one here mentioned the spectacular references to Hitchcock's \\"The Birds\\" and \\"Psycho?\\"  Those are two very special moments in store for anyone who sees this splendid film. There are so many memorable characters (the sign of a classic, to be sure) and quotable dialogue that this will undoubtedly be remembered come the Academy Awards!
B00005JLEU|5.0|Really tremendous! The last time I saw characters THIS ORIGINAL in a children's movie, I was watching 'Fantasia'. It's a little too much for very small children because it gives a moral lesson using a theme, without being preachy.  I especially recommend it if you're SICK TO DEATH OF DISNEY-FIED versions children's classics.
B00005JLSE|5.0|After seeing this amazing movie one could very well make a case for this being the best musical ever made.  While &quot;Singing in the Rain&quot; and &quot;An American In Paris&quot; were both loads of fun and packed with classic moments, &quot;Chicago&quot; has one thing going for it that the afrementioned films do not.  It is &quot;timeless.&quot;  Twenty, thiry years from now somebody somehwere will pop in this movie and declare: &quot;The topics in this film are as relevant today as they were when it was first written in the 1930's.&quot;  To be honest, I saw the production on stage and was not that impressed with the staging or singing.  However, the talent gathered in this film is absolutely stunning.  Renee Zellweger deserved the Oscar for Best Actress, and would have won if not for Nicole Kidman's nomination and Nicole's previous nomination for Moulin Rouge.  But all the performances are astounding.  All the lead actors dance and sing, most notably and oddly snubbed Richard Gere.  His performance was Oscar worthy without a doubt, conjuring an image of Gene Kelly throughout the movie.  His number &quot;Razzle Dazzle&quot; is not to be missed.  John C. Reilly's &quot;Mr. Cellophane&quot; is also an extraordinary moment.  What a voice!  All the singing is great, the costumes are incredibly sexy, and the overally filmaking is top-notch. I cannot recommend this movie higly enough.  Thank you for reading my review.
B000089RVX|5.0|Lacuna Coil predates this band, and comparisons have been made but Gothic Metal, yes that is what this is \\"metalheads\\", has been around long before either of those 2 bands. Both bands are good, and if you like one you will probably like the other. If you are not biased, like the total anti-mainstream posers who will say something stinks just because it is popular, then Evanescence should appeal to you. Granted MTV is never really that good and in rare cases has a band that is on MTV really actually diserve it, but Evanescence does. Seemingly out of nowhere, Evanescence burst onto the airwaves in early 2003. Radio stations were bombarded by requests for \\"Bring Me to Life\\" and \\"My Immortal.\\" This small quartet from Little Rock, Arkansas has since hit triple platinum and been nominated for five Grammies, including best new artist. Lead vocalist Amy Lee and lead guitarist Ben Moody met in their early teens and soon began singing and songwriting together. It wasn't until the late 90's the band was complete and emerged as Evanescence. I got into the guys because I heard that some members of Living Sacrifice and Soul Embraced were in it, then I heard the songs on the Daredevil movie, which by the way they movie is pretty bad, I was like \\"who is this? the voice is so enchanting and beautiful, i need to know who this is.\\" I found out who it was from sitting through the credits and was like \\"why does that sound familiar, then i remembered that i read somewhere about some members from LS and SE where in this band called Evanescence, so I had to pick it up, and to this day I don't regret buying this. It is amazing. While every song is great and beautifully crafted, by fav. track has to be the SE cover of Tourniquet. In my oppinion Evanescence's version is better. If you like Lacuna Coil or any form of Gothic music, then this band is for you.
B0000A02TZ|5.0|Animal House is problably one of the funniest comedies ever made!!! There are so many classic characters (Bluto, Flounder, Pinto, Boon, Eric Stratton, D-Day, Neidermayer, Dean Wormer, Greg Marmalard, etc.), and so many classic lines in this movie that it is a MUST HAVE for any fan of comedy, college fraternities or John Belushi!!! This movie was directly responsible for encouraging me to attend and graduate from college (unlike some of the Delta House characters in the movie, I hade a GPA considerably higher than 0.0). While fraternity life was nothing like what was portrayed in the movie, I did have a great time and I made many friends!<br /><br />That being said, I'd like to say while I LOVE the movie itself, I absolutely HATE the \\"Double Secret Probation Edition\\". There are about 10 minutes of previews (commercials) which you are forced to watch. If you don't want to watch these previews (which I suppose few people will) you MUST fast forward through them to watch the movie, as they put some sort of lock-out device on the DVD which prevents you from skipping the previews. Fortunately, I have this movie in both Collector's Edition DVD and VHS, so if I want to watch the movie without being forced to either watch the previews or fast forward through them, I can still watch the previous versions. I have returned my copy of the Animal House \\"Double Secret Probation Edition\\", and I will be writing a letter of complaint about the forced previews to Universal. If I were you, I would see if I could buy a used copy of the Animal House Collector's Edition from Amazon or eBay!
B0000B3FCX|4.0|Thankfully, Nickelback frontman and songwriter Chad Kroeger knows what he's good at and he's proud of it too. As such, he and his bandmates deliver a powerful hooked-filled follow up to their commercial breakthrough(Silver Side Up), that sounds very similar; check the opening single &quot;Someday,&quot; but not exactly the same. Kroeger's strength lies in being able to come up with riff after riff of killer melodic tunes; as on the Pantera(yes, I said Pantera)-like verse of &quot;Because Of You&quot;; but also knowing when to alternately mellow out; as on the self-analyzing &quot;Too Damn Good.&quot; He does this with great ease and it works very well as the album fails to fall into a one-type of song rut that happens to many rock bands. Hell, even on less serious songs; like the satirizing &quot;Figured You Out,&quot; whcih could be a Def-Leppard song and the rockin' bonus track &quot;Learn The Hard Way,&quot; the band sounds revved up to 10 and confident to the max. Ultimately, that confidence is why they succeed.
B0000025DV|5.0|Across 16 selections &quot;Out Of The Blue&quot; tend to make you realize ELO don't deserve much of their criticism-their music isn't so much pompous art rock as it is elaborate Beatle-like<BR>pop/rock with catchy melodies and grand vocals and nothing here<BR>on &quot;Out Of The Blue&quot; is removed from that,except for three tracks<BR>in the tropical-influenced ritual of &quot;Jungle&quot;,the synth-rock hit<BR>in &quot;Turn to Stone&quot; and the very clished Beatle-sounding<BR>&quot;Mr.Blue-Sky&quot;-the three best and stand-out songs here.But nothing<BR>else lacks melody so keep on listening-you'll be glad you did!
B000002HFU|5.0|good cd. go out and get it sometime. wont be dissapointed.
B0000028TN|5.0|&quot;Brazillian love Affair&quot; sounds pretty natural for Duke-he isn't that concerned with trying to please any audiance with funk or jazz.Instead he follows his always present latin-American<BR>heart with tunes such as &quot;Summer Breezin'&quot;,&quot;Cravo E Canela&quot;,<BR>&quot;I Need You Know&quot; and the lovely &quot;Ao Qui Vai Nascer&quot;.Also of note<BR>of the funky &quot;Sugar Loaf Mountain&quot; and the dancable,pulsing tital<BR>song.Overall an artistic statement of intent for George Duke and<BR>probably a good starting point too!
0440237688|4.0|=    Thought Provoking<BR>Reviewer: H. D. from Quaboag Regional, VHS<BR>     I thoroughly enjoyed reading Lois Lowrys novel, The Giver. The book details the life of a young boy named Jonas. He grows up in a safe, sheltered community of conformity where all his decisions are made for him, and enjoys the simple life of following orders without independent thinking. He has no idea what else the world has to offer, until he meets the Giver. He opens Jonas' eyes to the wonders and the pains of the world that had been kept from him. Then a big decision comes his way, and he looks to the Giver to help him shape the rest of his life and find out what living really is. <BR>     I was deeply engrossed in this book. Lois Lowry vividly created the Community and brought it to life. The morals presented are applicable to everyday life. The issues expressed are some that most of us never consider, taking the freedom of our lives for granted. This book explored questions like, where would we all be if we couldnt remember our pasts? What would the world be like if you couldnt understand love? Should any organization have the authority to demand conformity? As Jonas had to face crucial decisions, the reader was able to consider their feelings and learn some important life lessons.<BR>     My only complaint with the book was that because I was so interested in Jonas, I wanted to know if he was able to live the life he hoped for. The reader is able to draw inferences and assume what Jonas life would be like, but I would have enjoyed a more concrete conclusion after such a thought-provoking novel. I think everyone should read The Giver and take part in Jonas journey towards a life of freedom and individuality.
B0000B3FCX|5.0|Very great album. This one is definately #1 follow up to Silver Side Up. Especially tracks 5, 11 and bonus track Saturday Night's alright for fighting! Great addition to any Nickelback collector!!!!!!!!
0060392886|5.0|To put it in the most simple way i can, this band kiked but. I have been a fan of the Cre since 1981.  This book brings you to the way they were living back in the day, thrue Nikki Sixx's overdosed and near death esperience, Vince Neil Out of the band, The weddings and divorces, the life style, the rehabs, ect... The book is amazing, it takes you thrue the rock n roll life styles of the early 80's and 90's with drugs, rock n roll and girls, girls, girls, but it also shows you that no matter what these guys made made it and are still alive and they keep giving us the fans the best There Music. <BR>any trhue fan of the Cre needs to read this book it's simply Amazing !!!!!!
B00008J2DQ|4.0|Godsmack is one of the only newer bands to be considered &quot;heavy metal&quot;.  All other bands newer bands are rapcore, pop metal or f*cking nu-metal.  Godsmack has got it all.  This album is great.  I only gave it a 4 star rating because it does sound a little similar to the others.  The song &quot;Serenity&quot; is totally new and cool.  It has a dark beat and freaky lyrics that just make you wonder. Typical Godsmack.  Anyway, if you like real freakin' metal like Metallica, Ozzy, or Pantera; you will love this.  IT TOTALLY f*cking kicks a**.  It is well worth your damn money.
B00005JKZV|3.0|I was not all that impressed with this movie...after all the hype I expected more than just a bunch of people either getting ready for a battle, engaging in a battle or talking about what a heck of a big battle was next. I understand having the dwarf make a jerk out of himself for comedic effect was not in the books...(never read them...not my bag...) and that a whole bunch of other stuff was either made up or left out. That seems like a pretty lame way to make a movie of a classic novel...<BR>The beginning part where that guy...Merlin, I think, was falling and killing that thing from Spawn...that was pretty cool...and those trees (though they were kind of an HR Puffinstuf rip off)... three stars for all that and any other part that didn't remind me of Braveheart.
B0000C7PRY|5.0|The experience of Christianity can not be described in words, but Morse has taken melody, music, dynamics, lyrics, rythmn and emotion and come closer than anyone has with &quot;Testimony&quot;. Neal Morse seems to be the only artist who can write music and lyrics that bring me to tears one minute and the next minute send chills down my spine. He uses the powerful medium of music and lyrics and emotion and creates an &quot;experience&quot; for all listeners to share. I believe this album has opened a door (or a latch to a window) to what Christian music can be (and currently is not). I hope Christian artists take notice to this work and raises the bar a few pegs.<br />The only bad thing I can say about &quot;Testimony&quot; is it did not &quot;wow&quot; me musically as &quot;Snow&quot; did. But then again, this album is like nothing I've ever heard. &quot;Snow&quot; was a simular work for Morse. Though &quot;John&quot; (a.k.a. Snow) was fictitious, he lived a fame-centered, sin-filled life, crashed, and in the end finds God. He sings the same praises to God at the end that the people were singing to him on the first disk. ...again chills and tears. While my belief that &quot;Snow&quot; is the best piece of recorded music ever made, &quot;Testimony&quot; hits the second place mark.<br />Neal Morse - Finally an artist has surfaced who understands the powerful emotional potential that the gift of music offers. The bad news is that all of the old standard rock 'n roll songs seems so meaningless and a waste of time after you listen to this masterpiece.  There's a time for everything, I guess.
B000002J09|5.0|I dont really know who this fred durst fan guy is, but obviously he has no idea what real music is.  Looking at what bands he likes its apparent that he's just stupid.  i can also assure you that even fred durst would rather listen to stairway to heaven than celine dion.  from the opening of zeppelin IV with the guitar riff for black dog to the final note of when the levve breaks, this album takes rock to a whole new level and places led zeppelin at the very pinnacle of rock.  no song can even come close to stairway to heaven and and the closest one to it would probably be from this cd.  led zeppelin IV is the best rock album of all time and is a must for anyone who knows anything about music.
0385504209|1.0|I wanted to like it.<br />No, I really did -- it was recommended in such glowing terms, so many whispers and knowing looks passed between those who had ventured before... when I sat down to read it, I was ready to devour it. And I did. However, rather than the fine feast, the rarified treat, that I'd been promised, I found instead a food court that offered m.s.g. laden Lo Mein, soggy buns wilting beneath ketchupy barbeque: a grotesque, sloppy affair that left me feeling bloated, tricked and saddened by the low standards employed by the reading public when they plunk down $30 for a new hardcover.<br />Having spent a number of years selling books, I came to embrace the idea that just because a book is popular, it isn't necessarily bad (of course, a book's obscurity in no way implies high quality). It is so frustrating, however, when a bad book makes good.<br />Maybe it was popular because it was summertime, and because it was a VERY quick read, and because everyone was talking about it, maybe it was a strain of Emperor's New Clothes Syndrome. But how does that explain the book's continuing popularity? How did it cross the equinoctial border that divides summer reading from autumnal brooding?<br />More than anything, &quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; reminded me of a paint-by-numbers -- the grass is # 5, the sky is #2. All the tires &quot;screech,&quot; all the heights are &quot;dizzying.&quot; It was written as though Mr. Brown had consulted (studied) a manual on thriller writing, and had then written 17 blocks of boilerplate text that were swapped around for the next 200 pages.<br />In my Libran way, however, I must balance everything I've said by mentioning that the characters (innocuous as a pile of mashed potatoes) all seemed like pretty decent people, which was nice. Even the bad guys were not without a certain (transparent) nobility. The twists and turns were mostly excruciatingly obvious, but the larger story caught me by surprise, which was fun, and I even said aloud, &quot;oh, it's one of these stories,&quot; and read on with much less impatience. The inconsistencies in historical accuracy seemed no worse than those committed by television anchor people on an almost daily basis. I'm hoping that the ideas presented in the book help change voting patterns or throw a little slack into the stiff pedagogy of policy makers. That would be great and I would feel really bad about this tirade.<br />Maybe I should change my rating. Maybe it is what it is and I'm overreacting. I'm sure that the book's popularity in no way reflects a declining national intelligence and a general lack of interest in accuracy. After all, ours is a country teeming with the obese; perhaps what we really crave is m.s.g., perhaps all we want is a sagging paper plate overflowing with cheap barbeque and fast food. That kind of deliciousness certainly has its place. BUT it needn't be awful to look at.id aloud, &quot;oh, it's one of these stories,&quot; and read on with much less impatience. The inconsistencies in historical accuracy seemed no worse than those committed by television anchor people on an almost daily basis. I'm hoping that the ideas presented in the book help change voting patterns or throw a little slack into the stiff pedagogy of policy makers. That would be great and I would feel really bad about this tirade.<br />Maybe I should change my rating. Maybe it is what it is and I'm overreacting. I'm sure that the book's popularity in no way reflects a declining national intelligence and a general lack of interest in accuracy. After all, ours is a country teeming with the obese; perhaps what we really crave is m.s.g., perhaps all we want is a sagging paper plate overflowing with cheap barbeque and fast food. That kind of deliciousness certainly has its place. BUT it needn't be awful to look at.
B0000C7PRY|3.0|There is no doubt that Neal Morse is an incredible musical talent and I have been a huge fan.  His work with Spock's Beard, Transatlantic resulted in some of the most refreshing contemporary music in the past decade.  With that said, you must understand that this is a deeply personal cd for Morse, and also very Christian, which may or may not turn off some listeners.  On a personal level I'm glad that Morse found something that has helped him anchor his life and provide it with more meaning and happiness.  It's obvious from that he's a changed man and that he credits Jesus, for his turnaround.  This was obviously profound for him.   So understand that this 2 cd set is the musical autobiography of Neal Morses' journey from sinning and struggling as an artist, through to his redemption through Christ.  <br />I must admit that when Morse left the band last year I was distraught.  I felt an incredible connection to his music, his lyrics and its departure from the mainstream garbage that the music industry serves up to the mindless masses.  Spock's Beard was that rare band able to put together a consistent string of incredible albums, each equally original and as good as the last.  The music was new, fresh and upbeat.  By comparison this is not, and that, in a nutshell is where I think Testimony strays.<br />Lyrics aside the music on these disks is full of incredible effort and talent.  Morse pulled out all of the stops with layer upon layer of orchestrations, harmonies, instrumentation and reoccurring themes and melodies.  His musicianship is quite impressive and his weakness is covered superbly by drum ace Mike Portnoy.   However, despite all of the emotion, grandiose themes and theatrics, the music itself is, in this listener's opinion, a far cry from his best work.  It appears that Morse is so determined to tell his story that he sometimes forces the lyrics or molds the songs around them to send a message.  In its entirety the resulting product is impressive and hasmany beautiful moments, whether melodic such as \\"Wasted Life\\" or the emotionally charged \\"It's all I can do\\".  However, intermittent songs lack the spontaneity and originality of his work with both Spock's and Transatlantic.  As I listened to each new song, I found my mind wandering back to the triumphant finale of  \\"The Great Nothing\\", or \\"The Healing Colors of Sound.\\"  There's simply nothing on this album that matches the originality of those creative moments musically.  And, while some of his more melodic and slower songs are touching, they simply lack the magic of \\"June\\", \\"The Distance to the Sun\\" or \\"We All Need Some Light.\\"  <br />The disk opens with \\"The Land of Beginning Again\\" which kind of sets the tone, dripping with meaning for Morse, but lacking the songwriting his followers have come to expect.  The inner struggle of the album seems to be whether it should be a more subdued Christian piece or a progressive masterpiece, or both?  He tries to cross both bridges, and in many cases he comes close.  \\"Overture No. 1\\" followed by \\"California Nights\\" and \\"Colder in the Sun\\" seem to pick up right where Spock's last effort \\"Snow\\" left off, sometimes sounding too much the same.  But then \\"Sleeping Jesus\\" kind of knocks the whole groove down with one of the worst songs in the set.  The music picks up with heavy prog on \\"Interlude\\".  And that's how the entire effort goes, good moments followed by let downs with forced lyrics into songs that musically never would have made a Spock's or Transatlantic disk.  <br />The second cd is full of majestic songs with full and sweeping orchestrations, but it starts off dry with \\"Transformation.\\"  The second disk just oozes with emotional Morse's passion which is really quite touching, but the content gets simply too \\"churchy\\" for this listener.  <br />But, once wasn't enough... so, after the second listen to Testimony I thought to myself what an incredible accomplishment this is for Neal Morse.  He put his heart and soul into the music.  And, while I'm glad he made it and I hope it brings him the peace and comfort he so badly craves, I also hope he got it out of his system.  There are other ways  to musically deliver spiritual messages without forcing songs or beating listeners over the head with religious lyrics.  Morse may never be able to out \\"produce\\" or perform this album, but there is no doubt that he is capable of writing better and more appealing music.  The question remains, does he want to?
B0000BYM3K|3.0|What is up with the muddled sound? My God, these guys should be recording CDs that sound better than Piece Of Mind because the technology is better than back in 1983.  <br />This CD along with Brave New World have God aweful flat bass and the guitars have a broken unclean sound. The songs are excellent though, and this is the only thing that saves the CD. <br />Don't listen to this too loud, as you will blow your speakers. Piece of Mind and Powerslave had the BEST sound engineering out of all the maiden albums.
0679720200|1.0|The book The Stranger I thought was the worst book I have ever read. The whole book was pointless. The end was very dumb, after the whole book he ends up have feeling and being happy but thinks oh well its to late Im going to be killed. The end killed me it was very bad!
B000002UAU|5.0|It is difficult to discuss music. Like any other art it is personal. You eider love it or you don't. Without using to many and difficult words, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band is probably one of the best concept albums ever, and one of Beatles masterpieces.<br />If you like Beatles, you will love this album
B000092ZYX|2.0|I have a feeling the perception of this album in many cases has to do with whether someone fell in love with their early sound or not. This band seemed to write actual SONGS up through OK Computer. Kid A and Amnesiac had much self-indulgent noodling, but still delivered the occasional gem. Hail to the Thief simply discards anything accessible and takes the worst noodling aspects of the previous two albums to the extreme. Sure it's wonderfully produced but it just doesn't grab me in any way. The songs are generally agitated and dissonant, but with no melodies to allow Thom's vocals to go straight to the heart--a quality I saw as the hallmark of this band.<br />I guess Capitol is forcing radio to play the first couple singles, because they certainly can't be connecting with anyone on their own merits. Which isn't to say they have to be a radio-friendly band, but Electioneering from OK Computer sounds like a bubblegum hit next to this stuff.
B00005MP58|5.0|This is a terrific adaptation of the book.  It brings out the energy and passion of the book while remaining faithful to the story and much of the dialogue.  The acting is very, very good.  The sets and countryside are beautiful.  I would note that for some reason the colors are a little too white on the DVD.  I also owned the VHS of this series and the color was more accurate on it.  Still, I recommend this highly and think you will enjoy it over and over again.
B0000AM6K2|4.0|Let's focus on what Josh Rouse is: a brilliantly eccentric and refreshingly original songwriter, and not what he'll likely never be: a mainstream success.  What Rouse has done on the excellent, but not quite a classic &quot;1972,&quot; is make a Josh Rouse record that sounds like it was recorded the year of his birth.  The album has plenty of decent tunes to recommend it, particularly the soulful title track (in which he cites Carole King in the second line), &quot;Sunshine,&quot; &quot;Slaveship,&quot; the ace lovesong &quot;Under Your Charms,&quot; and the amazingly spiritual &quot;Sparrows Over Birmingham.&quot;<br />Through four albums, Josh Rouse has been a uniformly excellent songwriter.  Those who bemoan his lack of mainstream success are missing the point.  If he ever did shoot for a larger audience, he'd lose what it is that make his music so special.
6300182452|5.0|I HAVE TO WONDER IF THE ONE TIME STAUNCHLY CONSERVATIVE EASTWOOD HASN'T TURNED 'LIBERAL.'<br />BACK IN HIS CLEAR HEADED NIXON SUPPORTING DAYS, EASTWOOD CHURNED OUT SOME GREAT FILMS, THIS WAS ONE OF THEM.<br />EASTWOOD'S SILENT STRANGER RIDES INTO THE SEA SIDE TOWN OF 'LAGO'<BR>UNEXPECTED AND UNWANTED. HE QUICKLY DISPATCHES A FEW LOCAL 'TOUGHS' AND IS RECRUITED BY THE GUTLESS, HYPOCRITICAL TOWNSFOLK TO SAVE THEM FROM GUNMEN WHO ARE TO BE RELEASED FROM PRISON. THE GUNMEN WERE DOUBLE CROSSED BY THE LAGO CITIZENRY AND WILL NO DOUBT RETURN AFTER THEIR RELEASE FOR REVENGE.<br />EASTWOOD IS SEEMINGLY THE GHOST OF A ONE TIME 'LAGO' MARSHAL WHO WAS WHIPPED TO DEATH BY THE SOON TO BE PAROLEES AND UN HELPED BY THE LAME TOWN'S SPINELESS POPULATION.<br />AT ANY RATE EASTWOOD IS HAUNTINGLY VENGEFUL HIMSELF. HE TURNS THE TOWN INSIDE OUT AND UPSIDE DOWN AS HE READIES FOR THE RETURN OF THE BADDER BAD GUYS.<br />IN THE FINALLY THE STRANGER GETS WHAT HE CAME FOR.<br />THE DIALOGUE IS GREAT AND INTELLIGENT. IN ONE SCENE A WOMAN ADVISES EASTWOOD THAT &quot;YOU MAKE FOLKS AFRAID AND THATS DANGEROUS.&quot; TO WHICH THE STRANGER ANSWERS PHILISOPHICLY &quot;ITS WHAT PEOPLE KNOW ABOUT THEMSELVES INSIDE THAT MAKES EM AFRAID.&quot;<br />THIS IS A THINKING MAN'S WESTERN AND ONE OF EASTWOOD'S UNAPLOGETIC BEST.
B000002AZ8|3.0|Pearl Jam faced unrealistic expectations in the fall of 94 prior to the release of Vitology.  On the heels of two amazing albums, fans were wondering if they could pull of the perfect consecutive &quot;trifecta&quot; that has been limited to few popular bands in music history.  Ten and Vs. both sold 9 million plus so expectations were high fanwise and from the record labels.  <br />Vitology is a eclectic mixture of great songs and audio oddities.  There are fourteen tracks but only nine actual songs.  The rest are talking pieces that are annoying and will find the skip button on CD player after one measely listen.  Im not sure if this was supposed to be part of some theme album but it doesn't work at all.  What were left with is two Pearl Jam staples, 3-4 great Pearl Jam songs and some decent &quot;but-could-of-better&quot; offerings.<br />Courdoroy is the perfect example of what Pearl Jam can do.  Heavy guitar, great lyrics, emotional vocals and a great beat all end up producing a bonafide classic.  The exact same can be said for Betterman and both have become Pearl Jam concert regulars.  Not For You, Tremor Christ and Immortality are some more popular PJ songs that have made their way into the bands regular concert set and deserevedly so.  Unfortunatley this album also brings us the annoying Nothingman.  Im a Pearl Jam fan to the end but I will be the first to say that I hate this annoying repetive song with a passion and will never appreciate it.<br />Having seen the band twice, I must stress that Pearl Jam is at its strongest live.  They have the uncanny ability to connect with the crowd at every show.  They improvise and jam both musically and vocally and put on an amazing show that translates well to CD.  Skip this album and go with one of the many shows they brought out that has the same songs.<br />Bottom Line:  A must have any new hardcore Pearl Jam but otherwise you are better off getting one of thier live concerts.
0609610570|3.0|The question on the lips of the busy-executive-potential-reader will be: Well, do they do it, do they execute on the promise of this book? The assignment is a tough one - to provide a compelling, expansive, yet intensely practical guide to getting things done. Bossidy and Charan have nothing against theory and big ideas, but without execution they are worthless puffs of ideation. Even iconic intellectual Albert Einstein, the authors rightly point out, spent ten years developing the detailed proof of his stupendous insight which we call the theory of special relativity. <br /><br />Execution, the link between aspiration and results, seems like a simple matter yet countless corporate corpses demonstrate otherwise. It cannot be left as an afterthought, but must be integral to strategy, is the major job of the business leader, and must form a core element of the organization's culture. The authors refer to these three understandings as the \\"building blocks of execution\\" and devote a chapter to each.<br />Into the breach step Bossidy and Charan to lay out the three core processes of execution. Each of the core processes -  the people process, the strategy process, and the operations process - rise from the building blocks, each the leader needs to be deeply involved in all three. Putting this all together presents a massive but vital challenge to leaders. At its best it embodies a rigorous sense of realism and intellectual honesty. The thoughtful reader might spy an apparent paradox in the book. As the authors themselves note, you cannot truly learn how to execute from a book (although books can help). Nor is experience alone sufficient, for some people never learn. Clearly and deeply focusing on experience is the only route to full understanding of your particular business and people, your own strengths and weaknesses, and the qualities of your organizational culture. <br /><br />Bossidy and Charan have produced a helpful book that points in productive directions and gives examples of good questions to ask. But in the end some readers will feel disappointed by the absence of a distinct recipe or set of instructions. But business leadership is not science and no universal recipe exists to replicate. Nevertheless, Execution nicely counterbalances the predominantly abstract, inspirational, and \\"visionary\\" approach of many leadership tomes. Buy it, read it, do it.
B00005KHL5|2.0|Wow - the &quot;greatest movie ever made?&quot;  That is an enormous exaggeration, to say the least.<br />Finally checked out the Wicker Man to see what all the hype was all about. I have an open mind and wasn't even expecting a lot, much less the greatest movie of all time.  But I wasn't particularly impressed.<br />Let me first say, the movie isn't a stinker.  Its got an original, interesting premise, great performance by Edward Woodward, and there's a great twist in the end.  The movie is actually quite creepy.<br />With that said, this movie is also quite hokey.  For starters, it comes across as very dated and allowed itself to be way too influenced by the times. Too much tripped-out, wierd camera angle, Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In, late Sixties &quot;flower power,&quot; if you know what I mean.  <br />The song sequences are total cornball.  Its like Rosemary's Baby - the musical.  I was laughing so hard during the scene with the male teacher doing the song and dance number around the Maypole with his students, I had to stop the movie to wipe the tears from my eyes. Heck, it was so funny I had to rewind and watch the scene over again.<br />The other thing is, it seems to have a major hang-up with Christianity.  Throughout the movie there's this overwhelming message that the pagans on the island are &quot;with it&quot; and wavy gravy, while the Christian - who's really just concerned about finding out what happened to this missing child - is a repressed, uptight twirp, because he doesn't want to have sex with every person he meets.  The message isn't subtle.  In fact, they beat you over the head with it.  <br />I think the climax would've been more powerful, if they hadn't spent so much of the movie trying to MAKE you DISLIKE the protaganist, while at the same time make you sympathetic to the heathen, child-kidnapping, human-sacrificing cult freaks who live on Swinger's - I mean, SummerIsle - Island.<br />In conclusion, its worth a look.  Its worth checking out just to see Christopher Lee's early Seventies Greg Brady hairstyle.  And Britt Eckland is HOT!  Its also worth checking out to see that hilarious song and dance scene in the movie I was describing.  Heck, its worth seeing just to say you saw it.<br />But &quot;stunning?&quot;  A &quot;powerhouse?&quot;  An &quot;absolute must?&quot;  Now THAT'S funny!
B00000AOUD|5.0|Wow. Period.<br />This is an amazing song.  I listen mostly to rap music, so this is not quite what I usually listen to...I think my music tastes have changed since listening to this song/album....I can't stop moving to it.  Just wild....great track.
B000002KO3|5.0|This record is a revolution as well as a revelation. From the first beat of the Talking Drum on Born Under Punches to the last lingering drone from the Overload. It is simply amazing that this record is 23 years old. I feel that this is the last GREAT record Talking Heads made, and the last they made with Eno, who depending on what you may have heard was either, A) Becoming the 5th member of the band, or B) Using Talking Heads as his backup band. I saw the band premiere this in NYC at Central Park with a 10 piece band, no one knew what to expect and everyone was blown away. I think this had a very subtle influence on the music from that era. A lot of bands started using more percussion I beleive than previously. Just listen to Adrian Belew's living electric guitar on The Great Curve, Harold Budd's muted trumpets on Houses In Motion, the background chanting of Nona Hendryx, and even the late Robert Palmer making an appearance. This album is my #1 of all time, beating the Beatles, and I am abig fan of those Fabs.
B0000ADY9I|4.0|[***THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE 2-CD 2003 \\"DELUXE EDITION\\"***  THIS REVIEW IS NOT ABOUT THE 2014 SETS!!! I have no idea why Amazon is showing this review on a versions of AFE that I did not submit it for. Again this review is ONLY about the 2003 \\"Deluxe Edition\\" version! (The 2014 sets are AWESOME and FLAWLESS!) -DLM 7/30/14] _  _  _  _ __ _ _ _ You've probably noticed that there are at least two other versions of the ABB March 1971 gigs at the Fillmore East.  So how is this one different?  First, be aware that there are NO previously unreleased tracks (including the fact that there are no alternate versions, taken from different shows).<br />This version contains the entire original AT FILLMORE EAST album from July 1971 (still available in a one-disc edition).  Specifically, I mean these are the EXACT same performances (and mix, I believe) featured on the original.  Of course, this new set adds the extra Fillmore material that was later released on EAT A PEACH, DUANE ALLMAN AN ANTHOLOGY 1 & 2, and the DREAMS box set.  Again, these are all the exact same versions of these songs.<br />At first glance, the new \\"Deluxe Edition\\" looks similar to 1992's THE FILLMORE CONCERTS, with the notable addition of \\"Midnight Rider,\\" taken from ANTHOLOGY 2.  However, THE FILLMORE CONCERTS contains several alternate versions of songs, and is completely remixed (controversial among fans, but provides an interesting comparison).  These alternate versions are not available elsewhere, though this may be an issue only for fanatics like myself.  THE FILLMORE CONCERTS also had the benefit of original producer Tom Dowd, who recently died.<br />I have a few problems with the new \\"Deluxe Edition.\\"  First, the edits are shoddy.  In some places, attempts are made to mix the songs together without the fade-outs between songs.  In other places, the fade-outs are intact.  I can't figure out this inconsistency.  It seems like laziness to me, as if they just crammed together the existing mixes of the songs.  Additionally, Dave Thompson's essay doesn't offer any new information, and seems rather short and lightweight. It's hard to not see the \\"Deluxe Edition\\" as some sort of cash-cow for the record company.<br />What are the pros?  The photographs are fantastic.  The prints of the front and back album cover are the best I have seen.  Again, most of these photos can be seen elsewhere, but the prints are excellent.  Aside from the price, I like that this gives an ABB neophyte the opportunity to hear all the songs together.  After all, the performances left of the original LP are some of the finest of their career.<br />This new \\"Deluxe Version\\" of AT FILLMORE EAST is great for new fans and will be my recommendation when asked which Allman Brothers album to purchase first.  For hardcore fans who have this material already, I think you will be let down overall.  Those fans should pick up THE FILLMORE CONCERTS for a fresher perspective on these recordings.  With five Fillmore shows on tape in the vaults, what the record company should have done was release each show, fully intact, perhaps in a box set.  That would truly be a deluxe edition, but it would require much more work than was put into THIS set.  So it gets knocked down to four stars for that reason.s.  Additionally, Dave Thompson's essay doesn't offer any new information, and seems rather short and lightweight. It's hard to not see the \\"Deluxe Edition\\" as some sort of cash-cow for the record company.<br />What are the pros?  The photographs are fantastic.  The prints of the front and back album cover are the best I have seen.  Again, most of these photos can be seen elsewhere, but the prints are excellent.  Aside from the price, I like that this gives an ABB neophyte the opportunity to hear all the songs together.  After all, the performances left of the original LP are some of the finest of their career.<br />This new \\"Deluxe Version\\" of AT FILLMORE EAST is great for new fans and will be my recommendation when asked which Allman Brothers album to purchase first.  For hardcore fans who have this material already, I think you will be let down overall.  Those fans should pick up THE FILLMORE CONCERTS for a fresher perspective on these recordings.  With five Fillmore shows on tape in the vaults, what the record company should have done was release each show, fully intact, perhaps in a box set.  That would truly be a deluxe edition, but it would require much more work than was put into THIS set.  So it gets knocked down to four stars for that reason.
B00006JJ38|2.0|OMG! The biggest reason i bought this CD was because i thought it had history on it. That history was the song &quot;**** Tha Police&quot;. But no, this CD doesn't have it. To get the real deal, get the unedited version. Peace.
0441172717|4.0|My first reaction to the book was that I liked it.  I knew a little about the plot beforehand from seeing snippets of the movie and hearing other people talk.  But the story genuinely drew me in.  I wanted to finish the book; I wanted to know what would happen, how things would turn out.  On the level of Story, this book works extremely well.<br />The Setting is also intriguing.  Though this book teeters dangerously toward the worldbuilding trap/no-no of having a whole planet with one ecology, Herbert isn't quite so amateurish about it.  Dune is not all desert, just varying degrees of desert, and has a well-imagined ecology.  I'm sure the concept is expanded upon in the later Dune books.  Story and worldbuilding worked fine for me.<br />It's when we get to character that I start to have problems.  The main character, Paul Muad'dib, is interesting, yes, but I felt no connection to him.  As I said, I was interested in the story, and only vaguely interested in what might happen to the characters.  I don't feel for them or with them.  <br />This could be the product of the point of view Herbert employed.  He uses omnipotent third, often changing viewpoints with each paragraph.  I didn't find this particularly distracting, but I wondered if I might have felt more connection to any of the characters if I'd been allowed to spend more than a few moments at a time in their heads.  But, perhaps not, because he sometimes spends an entire scene in one person's head, and yet I still didn't feel a connection.<br />I rather disliked most of the characters as people.  They did feel like real people to me, so I'm not questioning Herbert's characterization skills.  And characters do not always have to be likeable.  I would have liked them to be likeable, though.  It might have added another dimension to my enjoyment of the story.  I was interested in what was going on, but not to whom.  <br />Herbert's authorial voice was so strong, I don't think I ever completely immersed myself inthis world.  I felt that he might have had a quirky disdain for women from the way he characterized Jessica and the way Paul related to her.  I also had mixed feelings about the Harkonnen Baron guy being evil and liking to rape young boys.  It just felt a tad overdone to me.  And offensive.<br />My final call:  High marks for Story, Setting, and Prose.  Midgrade marks for Character.
B000002H33|5.0|Words cannot describe the genius of Metallica's Master of Puppets (MOP). If the greatest achievement of Michelangelo is the Sistine Chapel Ceiling, then the greatest metal album any band ever came up with has to be MOP. From Battery to Damaged Inc, this is truly an epic. Though I have been listening to and playing the riffs on guitar from this CD for more than ten years, I never thought of mustering the guts to review this seminal classic untill recently I heard Dream Theater (Another great band) cover this album in entirity. I just realized how many bands/people this album has influenced. <br />As a fan for life, I can only go to some extent to review this album without prejudice. I love Metallica (like most of the fans now, I dont want to say Old Metallica), and I will always do. I agree Metallica is not Metallica anymore, in case you have been following like I am, since many many years. Thats ok, seasons change and so do people. Let Load/Reload/St.anger suck, but you cannot disagree with the fact that Metallica almost single handedly brought heavy metal to the main stream. What ever the pros and cons. Kill was a classic, Ride was even better, MOP is priceless, Justice is genius, Black is brilliant, this is enough from one band for this one life. And Cliff Burton will be always stay in remembrance. <br />Well, the standout tracks of MOP are Battery, MOP, Thing, Sanitarium, Heroes, Messiah, Orion &amp; Damage. Every single track in this CD has its own value and all put together are so much more worth than the whole. Every note on this album is priceless and not one is less or more. How can it be so perfect! But this album is just perfect. Bands come up with perfect songs, but bands come up with perfect albums which are so rare and few and MOP is the second type. Every person who ever loved and still love metal, should own a copy of this classic, life is worth that much less without MOP. Metal = Metallica = MOP...Rain or Shine, MOP Rules!!!
0451204530|4.0|Follet's Code to Zero shows me that the horrible &quot;Third Twin&quot; is just an abberration on his otherwise great collection of novels.<br />Code to Zero, written in 2000, covers the 2 days preceding the launch of the United States' first successful satellite rocket launch.<br />The story revolves around 4 friends who met at Harvard before WWII.  Follet throws in some background about Luke, Anthony, Elspeth, and Billie's days at Harvard and then time spent as spies during the war.  The lives of the four are intertwined till the very end and there is love and betrayal at every corner.<br />Follett's strength is his charactarization and his research of the time period and the subject matter.  This is a solid novel that is fun to read, but the end isn't a jolting climax, just a logical ending to all that preceded it.
B00008BLAS|3.0|First off, I just want to say that I'm glad they included 3D Glasses with the Trunk of Funk. This is a band that does outstanding things with cover designs, and although the CD is smaller than the original vinyl, people have the opportunity to view the cover the way it was originally intended. I must say that, all in all, Capitol Records has done an outstanding job with the remasters, as far as nostalgia is concerned.<br />While I'm on the subject of remastering, this is the fourth album I've purchased since the albums were reissued. The other three were The Red Album, Survival, and E Pluribus Funk. I've posted reviews for all of them, and on each, I felt that Capitol has also done an outstanding job going back and enhancing the old master tapes to the point where the audio was crystal clear and really gave the listener a feel for the brilliant, and much underrated musicianship of the band. I'm not sure if this is indicative of the differences in engineering styles between Ken Hamann and Todd Rundgren, but I felt that the audio on this one was not as clear as it could have been. Several songs, such as \\"Please Me,\\" \\"Little Johnny Hooker,\\" and their cover of \\"Locomotion\\" sound like every instument is swimming in feedback, and even Don Brewer's vocals in \\"Please Me\\" seem garbled. This is a shame, because there are instances where the music is multilayered, with several different things going on. It's good, but it would have sounded better if it were clearer. Mark Farner dusts off his harmonica for one of the songs, and the group brings back a small group of backup soul singers. Unfortunately, there's so much feedback in both instances that everything sounds like noise.<br />As far as the music is concerned, the group moved farther away from the hard rock they started with, though they still managed to balance both it and their newer pop sound at certain points in the album. \\"Shinin' On,\\" the title track, is probably one of the best Mark Farner/Don Brewer collaborationsI've heard (with the exception of \\"I Can Feel Him In The Morning,\\" off of Survival), with solid rhythm from Brewer and bassist Mel Schacher, fiery vocals ( also from Brewer, that sound clearer than any other song on the album), and a lengthy Farner guitar solo with all the right twists and turns. Keyboardist Craig Frost also has his turn at soloing, and the way he and Farner feed off of each other is magic. In addition to playing longer and better organ solos, Frost also tries his hand at songwriting on this one. His best effort is \\"Getting Over You,\\" a collaboration with Don Brewer, that has all the energy of the title track, plus a solo on the moog synthesizer that complements the fast pace and energy of the track magnificently. \\"The Locomotion\\" is a classic cover, which the band always does in style, remaining true to the form of the original while putting their own unique stamp on it that says: \\"Hi, we're Grand Funk Railroad!\\" One of my favorite songs on here, though, and one that sadly suffers from the feedback problem, is \\"Little Johnny Hooker,\\" one of Mark Farner's famous songs with morals. Each of the band members is in top form on it, and it transitions about halfway into a lengthy instrumental with a soul choir that provides a nice finish to a partially decent record.<br />However, this album did have a few unfortunate trends that started to rear their heads in Grand Funk's repertoire: it contained tracks that you can skip over! \\"Carry Me Through,\\" for some reason, didn't sit right with me. I don't know if it was the excessive stereo fading (which I normally like, but in this case, everything was too echoey), or the fact that the producer was invited into the recording booth to play guitar for it. This was another unfortunate trend in the bands devolution, and that was way too many cooks. Finally, there's the second track on the album. \\"To Get Back In\\" is a fun pop song, with classic down-on-your-luck lyrics courtesy of Mark Farner, but it also contains horns, which complement the instrumentation of this song nicely, but were used too excessively on later albums.<br />I don't know, maybe the reason for the feedback is because the band intended this record to be played in a room with the curtains drawn, incense burning, and a joint being passed between friends. Or maybe I just got the one defective copy. But even without the remastering issues I have to say that as a pop album, this does very well. But as a Grand Funk Railroad album, you're better off starting with something like On Time or Closer to Home, and then coming back to check this one out.
B0000AGWJ7|5.0|What can I say? This is just a metal masterpiece, nothing short of it.  It's the perfect album. It's hard to describe how awesome this album is..you just have to listen to it. Don't listen to any songs. Just buy it and be surprised. Don't forget to thank me!
B0000DBJDL|5.0|This was my first visual experience of PINK FLOYD, I saw it at the midnight movie around 1978. I've been a Floyd fan since 1973 when I heard The Dark Side of the Moon for the first time. <BR> The VHS version was released in 1984,and I had to have it.<BR> I am now waiting patiently to purchace the DVD when it is released. <BR> The setting is the ancient ruins of a Pompeiian amphitheater in the Mediteranian Sea,recorded LIVE (no overdubs!) and is an excellent revelation of the Floyd's musical expertise and precision. It is a haunting setting, the Island was obliterated in 79 A.D. by the eruption of Mount Vesuvius,official excavation did not begin untill 1748.<BR>  The music played is Pre-Dark Side of the Moon, obscure to many listeners, but a real treat for those interested and open minded enough to enjoy it.It is PINK FLOYD in it's purest form, before Roger Waters started controlling the band. It is a great music video, not like todays MTV videos, changing angles and clips so fast you can't keep up with what's being played (or lip synced and mimed)! It's about the music, playing the music and seeing the music actually being played! It does drift off of the actual band playing from time to time, but you don't even realize it!<BR>  Also included is a scene of the band taking a lunch break, I love the part when Nick Mason orders a pie, without the crust!<BR>And an interview takes place with footage of the making of The Dark Side of the Moon. Very cool!<BR>   Some tracks are :ECHOES PARTs 1&2; CAREFUL WITH THAT AXE, EUGENE; A SAUCERFUL OF SECRETS; ONE OF THESE DAYS I'M GOING TO CUT YOU INTO LITTLE PIECES; SET THE CONTROLS FOR THE HEART OF THE SUN; and MADEMOISELLE NOBS(also known as \\"SEAMUS\\" on the album \\"MEDDLE\\") <BR>   Also the original release was September 1972 (not 1974 like Amazon.com says)!<br />     \\"And do I take you by the hand and lead you through the land,and help me understand the best I can\\"
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I mostly wrote this because I'm confused as to why people always label Tool as an &quot;angry&quot; band.  If you've listened to all of thier songs over the years, you'll probably start to see that the majority of Tool's music ISN'T like the song &quot;Aenima&quot;.  It's not all about frustration.  Most of it is about self-discovery, communication, and the simple realization that all of us are connected, to one another, and to something much bigger than we can comprehend.  All of a sudden, these rediculous comparisons between Tool and APC start to become clear.  Yes, APC is a completely different band, with somewhat of a different sound.  As well it should be.  Tool can't reproduce APC's magic, and APC can't possibly recreate the energy between the members of Tool on one of thier albums.  Personally, I've learned something from listening to both bands.  Most of the problem with the radio is that bands continually try and repackage the same old gunk.  If that was a winning strategy, why didn't Led Zeppelin do it, or Pink Floyd, or the Doors?  Because those bands constantly innovated.  They wanted to share a moment in thier collective consciousnesses with you.  Like it or leave it, they weren't going to play music to appease the ignorant masses.  Take &quot;The Thirteeth Step&quot; on it's own, how it deserves to be taken.  It's a beautifully composed album that is full to the brim with meaningful lyrics. Interpret them how you want.  That's what makes this kind of music so special to begin with.  It's not supposed to be obvious.  It's intelligent, and composed with a lot of care. Enjoy it.  This is precisely why I can always count on Tool, APC, NIN, Disturbed even...they're all artists who want you to learn something about yourself by listening to thier music.  It's not a message, it's an experience.
B0000028SU|4.0|I'm from NJ &amp; grew up listening to this guy.  Yes, like most of the masses, I was pissed when he struck out on his own, but got over it after listening to this album &amp; Human Touch a few times.  The first 5 songs are outstanding as well as Leap of Faith.  The album ends a little bit weird, with pseudo-love ballads similar to Tunnel of Love.  They seemed like 'filler' songs, but won't get you laughed at if you're listening to them in your car or dwelling.  He seemed to shun most of the songs from Tunnel, Lucky Town &amp; Human Touch on his last couple of tours.. If we're going to buy them, he should reach deep into his archives &amp; crank a few more of those tunes out in the Meadowlands.
B000002UAU|3.0|This is a good album, but no the greatest of all, this is nothing compared with the dark side of the moon..... if you want to listen to something really good, try New Model Army, Pink Floyd, David Bowie and the list goes on.
B00001SIES|5.0|I first heard of Muse when they opened up for Foo Fighters and the Chili Peppers on a tour of the US years ago. The mixing was so bad I couldnt make out much of what they did but I remember that they impressed me more than the other more famous acts purely because of the energy they had on stage. A few months later I found myself in a music store looking at Showbiz on sale, so I bought it, and thank God I did. This is quite simply the best debut album I've ever heard, and as it turns out in their later albums (Origin of Symmetry and Absolution) they have lived up to everything I expected and more; meaning that they are quite simply the best band in existence at this moment. The chord changes and progressions, changes in rythym, the use of electronic sounds, the ghostly images and sensations conjured up by their melodic minor keys, the way Matt's voice drips with emotion, be it sadness, pain, elation, etc (and his voice is about 750 times better than Thom's - no offense to any Radiohead fans). The comparisons to Radiohead are understandable and completely wrong. In another review someone mentioned that people have tried to give Muse bad press out of a desire to protect Radiohead. I don't know how true this is but if I were forced to compare the two, I would have to say that Muse is, in so many ways, so much more than Radiohead. Radiohead has, since OK Computer, sacrificed being creative and good in order to be new and unique. And believe there is a big difference between being creative and being unique. Muse, as of its 3rd full album, manages to combine creativity with uniqueness, and the result is nothing short of pure brilliance. Having said all this, the journey begins with Showbiz.
B0000AXE8I|4.0|I just want to say that RELOADED was a very entertaining second act of the trilogy.  It makes me sick to read all of the reviews of the \\"movie experts\\" out there who want to bash this film.  I would really love to see some of these losers try to direct or write their own version to the movie under the incredible pressure that the Bros. were under for this one.  It would be pathetic and laughable.  Yes, there were obvious problems with the movie, but overall it was a very cerebral story that isn't finished with some mind-blowing action scenes.  A very good bridge to the conclusion REVOLUTIONS later this year.  I can't wait to see it and I'm sure I'll see all of the cry babies who bashed this movie there too, loving every minute of it. ...
B000002BMD|4.0|I should have been listening to Manic Street Preachers. Their popularity paralleled the trajectory of Brit Pop, yet they were not of that movement.  Their music stood in stark contrast to that of their Brit Pop brethren, and offered an inspired alternative to Brit Pop's loping tedium. I'm sorry I've only just discovered them now.<br />Most pundits proclaim them the heirs apparent to The Clash, but it's lineage I don't hear.  (They may be speaking lyrically, and while the booklet features the lyrics, I admit I haven't read them yet.)  In Everything Must Go, their fourth and most accessible album, there are strains of Entertainment-era Gang of Four, Joy Division, The Kinks circa the Arthur album, and especially The Jam from the Setting Sons period, when that band was at their most sonically overproduced and lyrically embittered.<br />Everything Must Go is the Manic Street Preachers at difficult junction. Guitarist, songwriter and, arguably, the band's agitpropist Richey James had been spiraling into a haze of mental illness that culminated with his disappearance following the release of The Holy Bible, their third album.  He left behind a suite of incomplete songs that fell to the remaining three members to complete.  To those songs the trio contributed their own compositions to make the album.  The blend of angular and melodic tunes, coupled with the band's public mystery and tragedy, made Everything Must Go the band's most popular, well received and most accessible album.<br />Key tracks are \\"Kevin Carter,\\" \\"Enola/Alone,\\" \\"Everything Must Go,\\" \\"Australia\\" and \\"Interiors (Song for Willem de Kooning).\\" <br />If you're thinking of investigating Manic Street Preachers, start here.
B00005JKN9|1.0|This is probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  I went into the theater, expecting to see something with a storyline . . . but I walked out not only feeling dissappointed, but violated.  Not  only should you not purchace this DVD, you should write to the director and demand the US public's dignity back.  This movie sucked.  Don't buy it.
0684830515|5.0|This book never fails to inspire me about the wonders of the expatriate lifestyle.<br />The way Hemingway details the pandemonium of the Fiesta de San Fermin makes me wish every day was July 7.<br />One of the best!
B00005RRG9|4.0|Although the split-screen technique had been around for a decade or so, it was usually more noted for its failures than its success, and the actor required to play dual roles usually took tremendous heat for their failure to create two physically identical but distinctly different characterizations on screen.  But with THE PARENT TRAP, with the difficult dual role resting on the shoulders of an extremely young star, Walt Disney struck gold.  It would be the single highest grossing film the studio had released up to that time, and even some forty years later the baby-boomers who flocked to see it in 1961 regard it as one of their favorite movie experiences.<br />But THE PARENT TRAP has a lot more going for it than mere nostalgia.  The cast is really, really good, featuring the ever-likable Maureen O'Hara and Brian Keith in leading roles and a host of great character actors (including Leo G. Carroll and Nancy Kulp) in minor roles.  And then there is Haley Mills.  The daughter and sister of noted English actors, Mills was no newcomer to the screen when THE PARENT TRAP went before the cameras--she had even picked up an Oscar for her earlier Disney film POLLYANNA.  Even so, this was no guarantee that she could pull off the feat of double roles, something that had daunted even the legendary Bette Davis.  But she did.<br />The story has been told so often that surely every one knows it by now.  A wife delivers twin daughters--but shortly afterward divorces her husband, and each wins custody of one child.  The children are raised without any knowledge of each other's existence... until they unexpectedly bump into each other at summer camp, put two and two together, and devise a scheme to get their parents back together again.<br />Even today, and in spite of its familiarity, it's an amusing idea, and while the actual script is weak in spots the cast, and especially Haley Mills, makes the most of it.  There's plenty of slapstick, lots of laugh-out-loud scenes, and enough charm to beguile all but the most cynical viewers.  And Haley Mills clearly demonstrates why she was regarded as the single most gifted child actor of her era: although she plays both Susan and Sharon with the same edge of mischievous fun, they do indeed come off as completely different personalities.<br />Of course, digital technology has left the old split-screen technique in the dust, and today its easy to see the flaws in the technique that weren't so obvious at the time.  And the quality of the film transfer is not the best: while this isn't the worst transfer I've seen, it is full of artifacts nonetheless.  Even so, the appeal of the story, the cast, and most particularly Haley Mills make up for a lot, and this Disney double DVD comes complete with a host of bonuses (including a making-of documentary and an audio commentary track by director David Swift and Haley Mills) that fans will enjoy quite a bit.<br />If you were a fan of the film then, you'll remain a fan of it now.  And if you want to introduce your family to a truly charming movie experience, you couldn't make a better choice.<br />--GFT (Amazon Reviewer)--rm to beguile all but the most cynical viewers.  And Haley Mills clearly demonstrates why she was regarded as the single most gifted child actor of her era: although she plays both Susan and Sharon with the same edge of mischievous fun, they do indeed come off as completely different personalities.<br />Of course, digital technology has left the old split-screen technique in the dust, and today its easy to see the flaws in the technique that weren't so obvious at the time.  And the quality of the film transfer is not the best: while this isn't the worst transfer I've seen, it is full of artifacts nonetheless.  Even so, the appeal of the story, the cast, and most particularly Haley Mills make up for a lot, and this Disney double DVD comes complete with a host of bonuses (including a making-of documentary and an audio commentary track by director David Swift and Haley Mills) that fans will enjoy quite a bit.<br />If you were a fan of the film then, you'll remain a fan of it now.  And if you want to introduce your family to a truly charming movie experience, you couldn't make a better choice.<br />--GFT (Amazon Reviewer)--
630026999X|5.0|This is my top ten favorite horror movies along with carrie, the company of wolves, and the shining. i have seen this movie so many times and it never gets old. <BR>A boy's father catches him reading a horror magazine and it gets thrown in the trash. from the magazine comes 5 stories Fathers day(my favorite) about a rich old man who died and is now coming form his grave to get his fathers day cake, and he wont take no for an answer. the second one is funny not scary in the lonesome death of jordy verrill. played by stephen king. a meteor explodes in his frontyard and before you can say meteor**** he i sa walking weed. the third is something to tide you over about a jealous husband who gets revenge on his wife and her lover. but they come back to get their revenge also. the fourth called the crate is about a man who hates his drunken wife(hilariously played by adrienne barbeau) adn when he finds a crate with a surprise inside what a surprise is in store for his wife. the last is they're creeeping up on you about a horrible selfish man who hates cockroaches. but in the end the cockroaches gets the last word. this movie is both scary and hilarious. one of my favorites. its twenty years old and it still holds up! the acting direction and the soundtrack is excellant!
0517548232|4.0|Hazlitt has a gift for clarity.  His arguments simply cannot be misunderstood.  With nearly unassailable logic he explains the subtle economic implications of many government policies in terms the simplest novice can follow.  This is an awesome book for any reader.<br />This book was not at all what I expected when I ordered it.  I expected a textbook like approach to all the classic concepts of economics (supply/demand curves, law of diminishing returns, effects of shortages/gluts on prices, etc.)  Instead, Hazlitt simply states that true economics involves tracing both the seen and unseen consequences of each action or policy.  This is primarily a book about government policy in economics, but it scope reaches to every choice we make with regard to the economic well-being of our nation.<br />I had many 'Ah ha!' moments while reading this book.  I felt I had a fairly good grasp on many economic prinicples after reading Skousen's 'The Making of Modern Economics', but Hazlitt has a way of crystalizing thoughts that are still fuzzy. One thing that comes through consistently is how money confuses and distracts people from a true understanding of wealth.  Money is not wealth.  True physical wealth lies in the products (goods and services) you have or can afford to buy.  The wealth of a nation lies in the aggregate products it produces.  If you want economic prosperity, increase production.  Not senseless production, but production of things people actually want.  When all is said and done, money is just the &quot;medium of exchange&quot;. Ultimately, all products are paid for by other products.<br />Despite my high regard for this book, at times it dragged.  Many topics are similar, and it seemed at times repetitive to go over the same ground again.<br />I wish every American (especially politicians and aspiring politicians) would read this book.
0385504209|1.0|Never having read any of his books, the synopsis sounded interesting. However, as a Christian, I found this one of the most disturbing books in print. More credible scholars than Dan Brown, even those in the 1st century, agree that the formation of the Bible was accurate. Jesus was not married and did not sire offspring. None of the 456 Old Testament prophecies about Jesus mention a spouse or offspring, but the ones predicted came true. DaVinci talented/genius? Yes. We humans do not want to read that something we are doing is against His will, so we make up stories to fit our lifesytle. The Word of God was given to 23 men to share in 66 books. Woman are vital to the church, but not as Dan Brown would have you believe. Read the Bible, know the truth!
B0000B3FCX|5.0|Listen; hear that? Its a ROCK band that writes good kick you in the nards rock songs. They play their own instruments and Chad Kroegers voice is the ballsiest (is that a word?) gruff lion's roar I have heard in YEARS! Is it Radiohead? Absolutely not. Is it Britney no talent? Thank God NO! Is it going to change the musical world? Probably not, but it is in your face rock with some catchy choruses placed just in the right spots. Guess what else? Bands like Nickelback, Fuel, MB20, &amp; Vertical Horizon aren't trying to be all cutting edge and experimental -they do what they do and they do it extremely well. Buy this Cd, buy Silver Side Up, buy the new Fuel, buy the first 2 Fuel Cds, buy all of Tonics CDs, buy MB20's Cds, buy a Canadian guy's Cds named Matthew Good Band, and I gurantee you won't go wrong. Very well written rock songs that are the closest thing to authentic and genuine songwriting in Years! And I'm 26 years old - so stick that in your pipe and smoke it!
B000021YQV|5.0|This record can't please everyone, that's for sure. <br />First, I think the musical style is really original. <br />My favorite is \\"Forest\\". There's such a load of emotion in that song, it's so spontaneous and desperate, I love it. <br />\\"Bounce\\" is really confusing, it creates a style of its own, mixing weird harmonies with a very rhythmic flow for all instruments.<br />\\"Chop Suey\\" is a more commercial song, more directed to the public, but it's still really beautiful tough.<br />I'll give it 5 stars, because their lyrics are to the point. I think any society (especially that of US) is influenced by (positive as well as negative) propaganda, and sometimes it's difficult to believe some things. These guys dare to say what they want and it's so respectable.<br />On the one hand, I would understand there can be some neo-nazi americans who'd pretend that the guys deserve to go back to where they came from if they don't like the USA. The funny bit about it is that Serj and his buddies are part of the USA too.<br />On the other hand (and that's pretty much my point of view), these guys have lived and probably endured things that mid- to upper class americans won't ever know about. <br />Taking into account that the latter account only for about 30% of the population of the US, I think anyone should at least listen to what those guys have to say.<br />I love this record. Buy it now!
B00006879E|5.0|this is one of the best cd's i've ever owned, next to john mayer room for squares. i love the lead singer's voice, and the beats and the lyrics just ROCK! i dont know what else to say! if you are looking for the perfect CD, just pick this one up, i guarantee you'll like it!
B000066NW0|1.0|As my title says, Jeremy is a champion... all the same stuff that I think... Avril's writing team (which is ten men strong is called &quot;The Matrix&quot;... Original Huh? She don't write nothing of her own material, it's all pre-packaged, written by professionals, music done by composers and performed by a band... Her voice is shocking, I heard her on some VMA or MTV awards or some equivalent... she was SHOCKING... by the second chorus, of skater boi (ha) i ran out of the room laughing, and was chided by my little sister (8) who likes her... I guess you need maturity to see that she's such a product... Thanx to Avrils success, this same writing team has now penned hits for other such wannabee's as Hillary Duff (another horrible product, trying to immitate Avril's success) &amp; Co...<BR>I hope this will drag the rating down to 4 stars... will all the &quot;haters&quot; ie- those who stand for truthful expressionism and talent in music, step forward and stop this madness...<BR>She can barely skateboard, barely sing and can't play the guitar and doesn't write... she's a product, freshly unpacked off the manufacturing line...<br />and to answer the questin, YES i'm an avril hater (though my ex-girlfriend looks like her identical twin, ha haaaa)
B0000B3FCX|5.0|When I first popped this CD in I wasn't too impressed with it.  After listening to it for a couple of days I have TOTALLY changed my mind.  I learned one thing, this CD must be played LOUD to be totally appreciated.  If you are a fan of hard rock and you play this one loud, YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED!  Here's the track by track guide:<br />1.Flat on the Floor - (3/5) A little scattered, hard song.<BR>2.Do This Anymore - (5/5) The best song on the album.<BR>3.Someday - (4/5) The first single, good song, but overplayed.<BR>4.Believe it or Not - (5/5) Very good hard rock song.<BR>5.Feeling too Damn Good - (4/5) Very upbeat good song, lyrics are a little weird.<BR>6.Because of You - (4/5) Probably the hardest Nickelback song ever, very good.<BR>7.Figure You Out - (5/5) My second fav. song on the album. <BR>8.Should've Listened - (4/5) Slow song, Chad really belts this one out.<BR>9.Throw Yourself Away - (5/5) Another hard song, chugging guitars, very good.<BR>10.Another Hole in the Head - (4/5) Very quick beat, a little generic.<BR>11.See You at the Show - (5/5) Another upbeat song. Very good.<BR>**Bonus Tracks**  <BR>12.Saturday Nights Alright (For Fighting) - (3/5) Good song, just don't really like the lyrics.<BR>13.Yanking out my...-(5/5) Very good fast song.<BR>14.Learn the Hard Way - (3/5) From the Daredevil soundtrack, not that great.<br />If you like Nickelback at all, or if you just like real loud guitars and hard rock in general, don't miss this CD.  It is great, when loud....
B0000666DW|5.0|Mastodon's Remission is one of those albums that can relentlessly pound on you as you listen to it, while still making you beg for more. And believe me, it is a pounding. Even though Mastodon doesn't have the heaviest riffs or the most brutal growls, they more than make up for it with pure intensity, creating an overall mood that rivals any band out there. These guys are known for having a killer live act, and it shows in their studio recording.<br />If I had to classify Mastodon, I would put them in that no-mans land that exists somewhere between metal and hardcore. I like to think of it as hardcore-evolved. There are some serious aspects to Mastodon that set them far, far apart from your typical bland-core outfit. This is no 60 minutes of the same riff with some mindless screaming on top. Mastodon show on Remission that they are not afraid to throw in some diversity to make things interesting. Songs like &quot;March of the Fire Ants&quot; take a more or less typical hardcore song and branch it out into interesting guitar meshing and layering before coming back to finish off the pounding!<br />There are a lot vaugue similarities between Mastodon and ISIS, especially on songs like &quot;Ol'e Nessie&quot; and &quot;Trilobite&quot; (two of my favorite songs on the album). Mastodon show how they can layer their music and build intensity to crushing climaxes, much like ISIS are known for. I also found that much like ISIS, you need a bit of patience to really get into Mastodon. The tempo-changes and extreme dynamics of their music can take a while to fully sink in.<br />Where Mastodon really set themselves apart is in how they create their punishing and chaotic sound. The intense drumming forms the backbone of this, creating a wall of controlled chaos behind the music. The drumming can almost get exhausting to listen to... I can't even imagine playing something like that. The vocals add to the punishment, being some of the most aggressive and intense I have ever heard. Add in the technical and precise guitar work and you have the recipie for one great band.<br />Remission came out in 2002, but I think the album got somewhat lost in the shuffle because of the flood of great music that came out that year. If there is any justice in the world, people will start to come around and discover this album because it deserves to be huge. Oh, and did I mention the cover art is seriously cool? Pick this album up, you won't regret it.rd. Add in the technical and precise guitar work and you have the recipie for one great band.<br />Remission came out in 2002, but I think the album got somewhat lost in the shuffle because of the flood of great music that came out that year. If there is any justice in the world, people will start to come around and discover this album because it deserves to be huge. Oh, and did I mention the cover art is seriously cool? Pick this album up, you won't regret it.
B00006RU5B|2.0|this isn't nessecarily a terrible album, however the problem for me was that it really didn't break any new ground; these guys are still pulling out the same bone-headed riffs that groups like AC/DC and Black Sabbath did 30 years ago.  i heard cochise on the radio before i had heard the rest of the album and i was really excited coz its a really catchy song, however i found the rest of the album was very hear-one song you've heard em all, not including &quot;i am the highway&quot; which i think is a shocking ballad.  if i want to hear well constructed ballads i'll stick to my ben folds five and coldplay.  if you want well-constructed heavy metal/rock listen to tool or rage against the machine, when morello, wilk and tim bob were actually making decent political statements in their music.
B00008XEOI|5.0|The Lion King is the all tiem best Disney movie ever! This movie came out when I was 16 years old and that became the theme for my 16th birthday party! I had every Lion King product there was and at 25, I am buying them all over again. The movie makes you cry, laugh, fear and fall in love.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|well i'm not one of these easily pleased types who throw out 5 stars to any old album; i was amazed when i heard this album, as it not only topped mer de noms both artistically and musically, but it also comes close to beating Lateralus as maynard james keenan's greatest achievement (then aenima which also great)  i really like the riff to &quot;blue&quot; and also the &quot;outsider&quot; and &quot;gravity&quot; which is a really trippy song that reminds me of &quot;orestes&quot; off MDN.  i think the first single &quot;weak and powerless&quot; was a bad single to launch this album as it really does not have the textured and slowly rewarding feel of their other tracks, like the NOOSE and the PACKAGE, however i still really like that song.  I thought this may be the album to end Keenan's career as i thought maybe this guy had run out of ideas since LATERALUS.  however i was wrong.  buy it now.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Create cool drink coasters, buy Thirteenth Step and the rest of your CD'S will help keep the water rings off your mamma's coffee table cause your not gonna listen to anything else.
0060012218|5.0|This should be a MUST in high school -- for ALL teachers and English classes -- WITH discussion groups after the book has been read.  Keep it up Brent.  Not a preachy book -- but a book about feelings, not just [alternative lifestyle] teens, but all teens who are pointed at, joked about, isolated by others. ... Every library at least MUST HAVE one copy -- public and school libraries.
B000002U9P|5.0|One of Tina Turner's forgotten albums is actually one of her best.<BR>The album sold well way back in 1986, but it seems that when they overlook her career, this album is never mentioned anymore. I even suspect that Tina Turner does not like this album too much....She hasn't sung any songs at her concerts from this album since 1993. The album is however a great one...Especially the title track and &quot;Paradise is here&quot;. 5 stars !!
B00000DHTF|4.0|I know it's tempting to pick up the single disc 18-Tracks compilation instead of the whole four disc set, but this is truely four discs worth of great music. Fans of Springsteen should definitely pick up this set. I'm usually bored to death by B-Sides and rarities collections, but I absolutely adore this set. Every song has something to say. When most bands are struggling to include one or two decent songs on an album, Bruce has come forward with stuff that didn't make the cut at first, and it's more consistent then most albums coming out today. He is an amazing musician and this release helps to display that. It's hard to believe that most of these songs stayed in the vaults for no one to hear for so long. One highlight is My Love Will Not Let You Down, which consistently made it's way into live sets when the E Street band reunited in 1999. There's a great recording of This Hard Land, which is one of my favorite songs Bruce has ever written. Overall, I like the recording found on his Greatest Hits set more, but this recording is still wonderful. This set is a must buy for fans, and it is certainly good for anyone seeking an education in what real music is all about.
B000001ELF|4.0|Ace Frehley's self-titled debut is far away the best of the solo albums the members of Kiss released in '78. This is just a great, no-frills rock n' roll album and its good songs and raw production separate it from the uneven solo albums from Gene Simmons, Paul Stanley, and Peter Criss.<br />Most of the tracks here are very good and the lyrics reflect the wild times that Ace was living during the band's heyday, particularly the substance references on &quot;Wiped Out&quot;, &quot;Ozone&quot;, and &quot;Snowblind.&quot; The best tracks here are &quot;Speedin' Back To My Baby&quot;, &quot;What's On Your Mind?&quot;, &quot;Rip It Out&quot;, and the instrumental &quot;Fractured Mirror.&quot; &quot;New York Groove&quot; is also a very good track and would become a Top 20 hit. This is clearly Ace's best album and absolutely blows away the faceless hard rock he'd record in the late 80's with Frehley's Comet. Definitely worth checking out.
B000099T2L|3.0|The singles from 'Dangerously In Love' are all really good, but the truth is this is a CD made for the current mass market. The only real highlight is the incredible duet with soul legend Luther Vandross and that's because he's singing with her. Otherwise she's better off singing in Destiny's Child. I mean their first CD was *THE* R&B CD of 1998. I love that CD to death. P-LEASE release more Lauryn Hill-like R&B in the future or go back with Destiny's Child and do it. I knew when \\"Writings\\" came out she was going more pop but this is REDICULOUS! Why also does Missy have to sout on every track she produces? Not that shes a bad producer but she's not DJ Clue. Sorry Beyonce but this is no \\"destiny's Child\\" (their first album and their best). Get that album instead.
B00005OAIE|4.0|Although many people may say this is hardly a diamond in the rough due to the amount of hype and press it received, John Mayer's major label debut stands out amongst its immediate competition.  Emerging as a hit amongst a sea of commercial ventures, John's talent as a songwriter, guitarist and singer stands out.  <br />Even those who have not explored his music will likely have heard the hit single &quot;Your Body Is A Wonderland&quot; which received much airplay.  After buying the album though you will find that their are far stronger tracks than the singles.  The album ranges from the catchy hooks of &quot;Why Georgia&quot;, &quot;Neon&quot; and &quot;Love Song For No One&quot; to the heartfelt and emotional &quot;3x5&quot; and &quot;Not Myself&quot;.  Despite his relatively young age his lyrics are very meaningful.  Some attack him for not being profound or lacking substance but they are missing the point.  &quot;Room For Squares&quot; does not contain a big statement about the world but rather many clever insights into everyday occurences which most people can relate to.  It is an easy album to get into, it is fun to listen to, and it contains a depth which keeps you coming back for more.  A great first effort!
B00003CWRX|4.0|Michael Mann's THE INSIDER is a gripping drama.  It involves Al Pacino as Bergman, a producer for the CBS news show 60 Minutes; this producer contacts Jeff Wigand (played by Russell Crowe) to help him decipher some tobacco company documents.  Bergman soon realizes that Wigand has much more to say.  As former head of research for a major USA tobacco company, Wigand knows that executives perjured themselves before Congress when they testified that nicotine was not addictive.  <br />The movie concerns Bergman's battle to get Wigand to testify, as well as the unravelling of Wigand's family after death threats are made on them.  Later, Wigand testifies, but CBS' corporate office &quot;encourages&quot; CBS News to run a version of the show without a Wigand interview.  <br />&quot;The Insider&quot; of the title is surely Wigand, but it could also easily refer to Bergman, as the man inside the news industry who made this all happen.  <br />Michael Mann's directing is expert, and the drama is exciting throughout, until the last 20 minutes or so.  The story begins to unravel, and the movie doesn't end as tightly as it should.  Still, this excellent film was nominated for several Oscars, and it is well worth your time.  Both Pacino and Russell Crowe turn in excellent performances, and Gina Gershon shines in a supporting role.  Christopher Plummer is awesome and terrifying as Mike Wallace-- that's the portrayal I will never forget.  <br />Four stars
B00005N9CV|1.0|But its a bit difficult. I don't want to offend anyone so here I go. This CD is probably one of the worst out of my collection. It was a quite dissapointment after hearing the &quot;Diana Krall Craze&quot; with everyone raving about her gorgeous voice and wonderful CD. I'm not saying that she doesn't have talent, she might have but she obviously doesn't show it in her CD. I'm sorry if you think so but this is MY review not yours. So as I continue. I like mellow music but not of this kind. The songs are a bit too boring to my taste, I've heard great things about Norah Jones so that will probably be the next CD I purchase.<br />Overall: Buy at your own risk.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem's sophomore album dropped like a hydrogen bomb on the world in 2000: I remember back in the day when everything was about Eminem, endless conversations started about his lyrical prowess, his \\"hate crimes\\", whether he was serious about his gay-bashing, his personal problems. The album may not be perfect, some of the songs are lame and tired gangsta retreats, but when Em is on, he is On. His rhyme skills are almost unparalleled in the field of commercial hip-hop, and he has proved since this album that he is more than a one-trick pony. Rhymes such as those in \\"Stan\\" \\"Who Knew\\" \\"The Way I Am\\" and \\"Marshall Mathers\\" are simply brilliant. It is a tumultous record and it's hard to keep your ears away from it. Love him or hate him, you must have this album.
B00003CXSM|3.0|I saw this movie on a bus and it was OK. Not the best not the worst, it was somewhat funny and charming but still a bit of a bore. Predictable but keeps you interested. Jeniffer Lopez was great in this movie, which brightened the story line up. :)<br />Overall: Check it out ... or you know, if you hate those predictable J-Lo Movies... Dont,
B000023VR6|5.0|A huge leap forward from the syrupy G-funk of &quot;The Chronic&quot; into transmogrified digi-beats and menacing staccato strings, this is the sound of rap's future. Or is it? In the same way as his 1992 debut, this album still does not sound dated, in spite of the huge changes in rap that have happened since its release four years ago: perhaps that's because some of the sounds have been lifted off this album. The production of Dre and Mel-Man is astounding, and Dre is on top of his game in the rap department. Mix in guest shots from old homeys Snoop Dogg and Warren G, and new proteges Xzibit and Eminem, and you have a sure-fire party album that will light the club on fire. Bounce baby!
B0000BYM3K|5.0|Great CD.  Buy this one.  Don't be one of those loser P2P downloaders.  It's worth it.  The best Maiden album since Powerslave.
B00005RZV4|4.0|The Fragility 2.0 tour was definitely meant to be experienced right there in the arena: the tremendous passion of the band was meant to be seen and heard with the accompanying light show. This way, the performance doesn't translate particularily well onto the CD and it sounds too polished, too refined, not enough raw music. Despite this sleekness, this album is possibly the best way to experience the NIN live experience. Play it super-loud and you'll see the proper power of Trent and company.
B00005RY7X|5.0|I read through some other reviews, and realized people were criticizing this album for the following reasons:<br />Extremely simplistic lyrics<BR>all the songs sound the same<br />Well, seriously, the name of the album is &quot;I Get Wet&quot;.  I wasn't exactly expecting Hemingway now was I?  I love this album so much simply because it's so fun.  If you take the time to listen to it, not all the songs sound the same.  Some are slower than others, and they're NOT all about partying (is loving NYC or thinking a girl is beautiful about partying?), although they're all good rock songs.  Unlike most rock, there's no anger in it.  Go to his concerts, and although you're getting hit around and pushed from every side, there's no bad feelings in the entire place and you love every second of it.  I have to disagree that it goes back to the 80s rock - it's a lot faster and a lot louder than bands like ACDC or Metallica.  <br />Yes, it's certainly not shakespeare, but if you're looking for a song that will chear you up and make you want to rock out and bang your head, this is perfect.
B000002MU3|4.0|Most people will bash this album, but I prefer to let the music speak for itself - and I like the music. Peter Buck's fuzzy guitar is sometimes a little too high in the mix, but I've for a long time loved the swagger of songs like &quot;I Took Your Name&quot; or &quot;Crush With Eyeliner.&quot; I concur that there are some weak songs on here, but nothing to get into a huge fuss about: huge fans always diss this album, but take it with a pinch of salt I say. I like the music, I see nothing wrong with it. Why can't we be friends??
0316548189|5.0|I have read quite a few autobiographies, but I have yet to read one that is as well-written as Nelson Mandela's &quot;Long Walk To Freedom.&quot; In the book, Nelson Mandela sagaciously writes about his life in Apartheid South Africa and the struggles of the ANC, and the emergence of democracy.  As a result, he provides the reader with insight that he/she may not receive from other nonfictional works concerning this subject. I highly recommend this book for those that wish to learn more about the struggle for freedom in South Africa, as well as those that wish to learn how he and others worked to end Apartheid.
B000002GBK|5.0|IT WAS THIS ALBUM THAT FIRST INTRODUCED ME TO RICK BACK IN MY HIGH SCHOOL DAYS.I WAS ALWAYS IMPRESSED WITH THE NATURE OF TALENT AND SOLID ENERGY THIS ALBUM HAS.EVEN AFTER ALL THESE YEARS I STILL PLAY THIS MORE THAN ANY OTHER DISC OF WAKEMAN'S.<BR>IT TELLS OF A GREAT STORY OF AUTHUR AND SURROUNDS ITSELF WITH MUSIC OF GREAT IMAGINATION AND DIVERSITY.IF I HAD TO SUGGEST A RICK WAKEMAN CD TO ANYONE, THIS IS THE ONE I WOULD START WITH, WITHOUT QUESTION, RICK'S BEST WORK.
B00000E0YH|5.0|If this album had only the last track &quot;Lost Reflection&quot; and nothing else, it would be worth buying.  Having said this, the whole album really is ahead of its time and a true gem to the metal collecter. Crimson Glory not only has gifted musicians, but the vocalist of the time Midnight really steals the show. Midnights voice makes the rest of the power metal vocalists sound like amateurs. Standout tracks are &quot;Valhalla&quot; which is a great rocker and the great ballad &quot;Lost Reflection&quot;. This song really seems to make a huge impression to whoever I show it to, you can feel the sorrow, the sadness Midnight feels as he pours his heart out on that track. This is a must have, after you get this, you will throw away all your Angra and Blind Guardian CD'S to the thrash can.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|This is the first time I'm writing a review and I'm doing it for good reason. Want One has to be one of the most gorgeous albums I have ever heard!   And is the best album of 2003.  Rufus has so much inner musical beauty, that whatever music he produces just gets better and better. Obviously, Rufus is a perfectionist and that is a good thing. You can hear the perfect pitches in his vocals which is quite unique for any artist now days. The album starts off with Oh What A World and from then on, the listener is almost hypnotized with beauty which I believe music was intended to do in the first place. Whatever Rufus is feeling with a song, we feel it too. Rufus has so much music inside of him and he lets it out in such a gracious  way. I find myself so caught up with several songs on this album .  His songs are going through my head for hours after a listen.  I want to share  this album  with people who don't know of him yet.  It is too good to miss for anyone who appreciates good music.  If you don't know of Rufus Wainwright, get to know him.  You'll be so glad you did.
B000066NW0|4.0|AVril Lavigne has a unique sound and it's impressive to see someone so young have such success.  In future albums I'd like to see her sound develop into something more fuller.  She reminds me of Fefe Dobson.  I'm responding to her song Take Me Away like I first did with Avril Lavigne.  I want to know more about her and listen to more of her songs.  fefedobson.com is a good place to start for fefe.  Tell me what you think.<br />:Lisa
B0000C8AVM|5.0|I have 4 of the SACD/remasters. Now I'm not disputing the music content which does not need a mention, to me all are 5 star. BUT this is by far better than Highway 61 and Blond on Blond for audiophile qaulity. My wife put kleenex in her ears to dull the high frequency responce which unfortunately I have to admit can be become grating on the ear drums from these 2 SACDS(this  problem is not on all of the tracks).Blood on the tracks though must be about the best quality SACD I own. Fantastic music and recording. The other SACD I have is Love and Theft which is also a very good remaster though not as good as blood on the tracks. What went wrong with highway and blond I dont know, maybe its the way the master tapes sound and now I'm hearing it as it should sound.
B00006ZCFH|1.0|Recycled previous hits, not really saying much in A 10 minute song, crooning like a nomade in the jungle. DON'T SPEND YOUR MONEY ON IT, BORROW YOUR FRIENDS BOOTLEG...ALBUM IS A WASTE OF TIME.  THIS MAKES LEARY ABOUT BUYING ANY FUTURE ALBUMS, THE MUSIC JUST GETS WEIRDER AND WEIRDER AS TIME GOES BY...
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Rather than attempt to change their sound, A Perfect Circle manages to make `Thirteenth Step' more of a continuation to their debut album instead of a completely separate entity. However, the underlying concept to the new album as a whole as well as each musician that assisted and contributed in the creation of this album, make each track unique and individual. Maynard's vocal capabilities are much more prominent on the new album especially with the addition of the hauntingly beautiful harmony throughout many of the tracks. `Thirteenth Step' is a masterpiece in music. A must have for any music fan that enjoys an audibly mental roller coaster. The only downside is that it's only 50 minutes long but that's okay, because b the end of the last song, you'll want to start all over again.
B000000W5B|5.0|The Stones are relatively slow learners. It took them 10 years from their beginning in 1962 to release the ultimate rhythm'n'blues album of all times - &quot;Exile on Main Stret&quot;. It took them six years, from the Summer of Love in 1967, to release their own version of a psychedelic masterpiece - &quot;Goat's Head Soup&quot;. <br />Psychedelic is to paint with bright colors, to experience new, to look inside oneself. The &quot;...Soup&quot; has the most brilliant and vibrant sound of all Stones recordings. Was it because they recorded it in Jamaica? Whatever happened, they offer a vivid painting of solid rhythms of the usual (best) Stones variety with the scenery worth a Kinkade intensity. The songs are a diversity of amazing subjects from a starlet rock chant (&quot;Star, Star&quot;) to a simple train song (&quot;Silver Train&quot;), to the most moving and sad love song ever written (&quot;Angie&quot;), not to mention the poetry of &quot;100 Years Ago&quot; and the guitar/words cliffhangers of &quot;Winter&quot;. &quot;Can You Hear the Music&quot; is an effortless illustration of the beauty of ... music, while <BR>&quot;... Mr.D&quot; gives a lighthearted insight into a devilish Faustus soul.<br />Mick Taylor shines here. Maybe the reaction to this album made him leave the band, as it was not a great commercial success? The Glimmer Twins took over the direction for the next release (&quot;It's Only Rock'n'Roll&quot;), which is nowhere nearly as good and then he was gone. One would wish more of this wonderful collaboration. <br />Is it the Stones best album? Who knows, this is one of the best.
B00005AR3G|5.0|This movie is really a &quot;buddy&quot; comedy in the best sense of the word.  Kids love it and it makes teens and adults grin and laugh out loud.<br />This movie has a subtle zaniness that entertains and an intelligent humor quotient that is sure to grab just about everyone.<br />The plot is well... plotted.  The cinematography adds superbly to the whole package.  The voice actors are all absolutely perfect in their roles.  My favorite is probably Patrick Warburton (from Fox's short-lived &quot;The Tick&quot;) as Kronk. Absolutely hilarious.<br />Smart, fast, and funny.<br />Plus, any movie that has Tom Jones singing a song written by Sting... I mean, come one! :)  If you're looking for traditional Disney fare, this isn't it.  But if you put aside your preconceptions about what Disney normally produces, sit back and just soak it in, I believe you WILL enjoy this movie.
B0000B3FCX|5.0|When I first purchased &quot;Silver Side Up&quot;, it was probably one of the best overall CD's I ever purchased. I could listen to it straight through without having to skip tracks I didn't like. It's only once in a blue moon that I find a CD like that. Nickelback's latest release &quot;The Long Road&quot; tops their previous release in my opinion. This CD flat-out ROCKS! If you even slightly enjoyed &quot;Silver Side Up&quot;, this CD is a MUST buy! You will not be disapointed.
6305511055|5.0|I saw this movie when it first came out so cannot review the quality of the DVD transfer (yet).  I highly recommend the film, despite its flaws (such as the one-dimensional \\"girl\\" role that Faye Dunaway's acting nonetheless managed to imbue with more than the script contained).  The times have changed but the message and quality of the film are timeless, and it is well worth seeing.    I do want to suggest that anyone who has not yet seen the film read the review \\"Why? More to the point, why me?\\" -- BUT ONLY AFTER SEEING THE MOVIE.  It is a very intelligent and interesting review, but it gives away a crucial plot point that will lose its impact on first-time viewers if read beforehand.    (Please, reviewers--remember the guidelines say not to give away important plot points, something that too many reviews in the press and media do nowadays.  Ruins a good movie for those who haven't yet seen it.)
B000002KHH|5.0|PLANET CARAVAN IS SO AWE DARN mellow metalINSPIRING AND THEN ITS BACK TO SPOOKSVILLE, who let the nuts out?, in the great magnetic fields..iron mind deafening geezers
B00005JLF5|5.0|On the heels of the runaway success (and soon to be ending) &quot;Star Trek: The Next Generation&quot;, the studio and producers decided to add another chapter to the Trek legacy. For the first time, there would be no starship going where no man had gone before. Instead, this would be set on an alien space station at the edge of the known frontier. If the original was meant to be &quot;Wagon Train&quot; in space, then this would be &quot;Gunsmoke&quot; in space.<br />We meet all of the players early on. A disillusioned Starfleet commander and his son. A former freedom fighter who sees the Federation as no better than the Cardassian occupation force that was just driven out. A geeky doctor. A shape-shifting Security Chief. A nefarious Ferengi bar owner. An ill-tempered station engineer. A Trill that has lived seven lives. And, the former leader of the Cardassian forces, determined to return to his old office. Unlike in previous Treks, not all of the protagonists got along very well.<br />The station seems like the last stop for all of them until a major discovery puts it and them on the map.<br />All of the elements for a great story arc were in place here. Unfortunately, they didn't make full use of these elements until they hit the third and fourth seasons.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This cd is GREAT.  I cannot stop listening to it...
B00000JCOV|1.0|This so-called nu metal band is trash, I Can't believe that kids are listen to this s***, it is horrendous, stupid and repetitive<BR>dull songs, dull singing and rapping, this is lame<BR>if you think nu metal is the future of rock n roll think again<BR>Like the band cathedral, Death to nu metal.<BR>SLIPKNOT SUCKS
B00006BTCA|5.0|1/3 Joy Division + 1/3 Sonic Youth + 1/3 Yo La Tengo = Interpol<BR>At first listen you can hear a lot of Joy Division influence on this CD, and for me, that's not a bad thing. The CD doesn't take a break and has a consistent quality throughout. But..not only is this one of the greatest CD's ever released, it also contains one of the greatest songs written..PDA. If any of the 3 bands mentioned in my description are bands that you are in to, then I would highly recommend checking out this CD..I have faith that it will blow your back out.
B00008J4P5|5.0|A couple years and a larger record label since their stunning third album (White Blood Cells), I was wondering what to expect from 2003's Elephant. Fearing a stylized reaction to stardom, fans and critics have been thorough in their praise of the Stripes' latest collection. Recorded in England -- they have gobs of fans there -- the album reflects a determined sensibility that retains a coveted grittiness, all while sounding fresh and immediate. Highlights are too many to fully list. Initial single &quot;Seven Nation Army&quot; is a fighting song that ultimately summons an ache for belonging. An inspired cover of Burt Bacharach's &quot;I Just Don't Know What To Do With Myself&quot; stands out with a certain stop-and-start artistry not typically reserved for garage rockers. Actually, the whole Stripes collection seems to be characterized by a very potent tension between crusty mantle and fertile sensitivity...  Their style is raw. Their energy is earnest. Frankly, they leave me very appreciative of all that is good in music today. Their heavy blues-rock flavor is peppered with a punk attitude that curiously pits them against all things pop...  I saw them in concert recently - Jack looks like a pasty-white version of the kid you went to public school with who - about halfway through high school - seemed to disappear, only to surface around graduation time receiving his vo-tech certificate in auto repair. Meg, on the other hand, is like the girl all the &quot;cool&quot; guys used to pester to copy homework from, only to be not-so-sparingly rebuffed. You know the girl...  at ease in her own plainness enough to...  well, flip the stereotype on its ear that says girls in jazz band can't play the skins. Whatever the case, this motor city act brings a firestorm...  The element that drives their sound most is Jack's distinctive vocal style; he possesses the ability to lyrically project with a clarity that's emancipated from the sonic challenges dictated by an often feverish,heavy-on-distortion approach. GREAT disc!
B0000029DD|5.0|Hang around certain music scenes long enough, and the name is bound to come up. Jeff Buckley. His existence has come to reflect what it means to live brightly and burn out quickly. His lyrics are at once transcendent and tortured, and his on-stage presence as translucent as his sweat-drenched shirt. <br />Son of the late folk icon Tim Buckley, Buckley's Grace is remarkable in its weight and mind-blowing in its heartfulness. Hard to believe it's almost a decade old. Considering his untimely death in 1997 at the age of thirty-one, this hauntingly beautiful collection summons emotional depth largely only pecked at by the bulk of my music collection. You see, Buckley died mysteriously in a drowning incident in Memphis while working on his second full-length album. Thus, Grace's numerous references to water, life, and death offer up eeriness in spades.<br />I can't say that my affinity for Buckley's music came by accident, but it was a rather indirect path. A couple of years ago, I picked up Pete Yorn's debut Music for the Morning After. Very pleased with this disc, I did a little research into Yorn's influences. He cited Jeff Buckley, among others, and I also learned how important it was for Yorn to sign with Columbia considering the label's history of allowing uncommonly creative leverage to such artists as Buckley and Bob Dylan. <br />The singer-songwriter culture can tend to be a bit plastic, and such a moniker tends to carry little weight, even while its subjects enjoy global appeal. So, roughly a decade ago - he emerged in New York City's avant-garde club scene in the early nineties - Buckley comes along and shakes the landscape to its core. Grace is a fusion of rock, jazz, R &amp; B, and blues. But one cannot peg Buckley so easily in the same genre-bending category that has given rise to a myriad of musicians now-a-days; you never get the impression he's spreading himself too thin or delving into musicality best left unvisited. Grace packs a punch and forces you to bring your heart along. Heavy laden with soaring vocals and minor-key blitzes, Buckley and his tight band thrust the listener into a paradoxical soundscape of joy and sadness. A first listen is likely to unsettle you with its odd marriage of screaming guitars, delicious reverb, and thick bass lines, amid touching falsetto. But many of you will be taken in by Buckley's range and muscular flare.      <br />This album's highlights are quite varied and layered. &quot;Last Goodbye&quot; is beautiful in its transparency and poignant in its resignation (&quot;You know it makes me so angry, because I know that in time, I'll only make you cry. This is our last goodbye.&quot;) Buckley is broken and desperate for redemption in a stellar cover of Leonard Cohen's &quot;Hallelujah&quot;. Crossing Zeppelin and Pearl Jam, songs like &quot;Mojo Pin&quot; and &quot;Eternal Life&quot; hit hard with searing riffs and impassioned pleas. &quot;So Real&quot; will leave open-mic noise mongers with mouths watering. &quot;Lover, You Should've Come Over&quot; journeys us through chasms of regret and loneliness (&quot;Maybe I'm just too young to keep good love from going wrong. But tonight you're on my mind so; you'll never know.&quot;) My favorite track is &quot;Dream Brother&quot;. This final song possesses an unmistakable emotional imperative and builds and builds into layered rage that hints at suspected wounds Buckley experienced at the hands of his famous father. <br />A couple of months ago, I bought the DVD Jeff Buckley - Live in Chicago (1995). I love it, and it brought me closer to his music and to the mystery surrounding Buckley. He was a fervent performer and, judging from this video, didn't take himself too seriously. That's a good thing.<br />True musical poetry, this is not your typical &quot;feel good&quot; disc. You won't be putting Grace in your player to bop around the house to. Nor will you hear any of its tracks played at a wedding reception. (However, I do want &quot;Hallelujah&quot; played at my funeral. By the way, you're all invited.) This album demands much more attention and risk from the listener. Because of its inherent depth, I recommend the first couple of listens to be done solo, perhaps at dusk with the windows rolled down while on your favorite stretch of road. Hmmm, where are my keys?!
0156027321|5.0|This is an amazingly well written book that takes the reader on a life or death voyage with the main character Pi.  This is a combination of Survivor and Gulliver's Travels; equal parts realistic survival guide and fantasy. The descriptive imagery and details make you feel the pain and suffering of a young man trapped in a lifeboat in the middle of the Pacific.  Yann Martel weaves this tale with 100 chapters that capture the reader in a visual world of blue seas, violent acts, and deep philosophy.  The essential story is when Pi gets trapped in a lifeboat with an adult tiger and is forced to try to survive the daily necessities that we think are trivial.  You will feel life in every success of Pi and agony in his defeats.  Martel probes deep into the mind and spirit of Pi and the essence that it takes to keep your sanity when forced too such extremes.  This novel is a great read and envelops you in another world.  The last pages are addictive and like any great book leaves you with an ending to think about.  Any aspiring writer should read this to experience Martel unique and excellent writing style.
6305910103|5.0|The even movies in this series are the &quot;real&quot; Trek movies. ST4 had the whales. ST6 had the last of the old crew. ST8 had the Borg, ST10 had the Romulans and a clone. But ST2, ah ST2, that had Ricardo Mantalban giving William Shatner's scene chewing a run for it's money.<br />In fact, Shatner is relatively subdued for the better part of the movie. His Captain Kirk is feeling his age and faced with an estranged son that would prefer to remain estranged. Lost love and missed opportunities, and a tight reign from director Nicholas Meyer (Time After Time, ST6), help keep Shatner in check.<br />Also marks the screen debut of Kirstie Alley as Lt. Saavik.<br />The DVD package is put together very well. Once Paramount decided to start doing a good job with DVD special editions. They took it all the way to the bank.
0441172717|5.0|Certainly the greatest Sci Fi stuff ever written.  I can be no more eloquent than this: you have not read, until you've read Dune.  End of discussion.
B00005U8EM|5.0|This is very close to being Bill Murray's best film. You have to look to &quot;Scrooged&quot; for that. But lets face it, Bill was handicapped a bit here.<br />First, he had to play opposite Andie McDowell. Unfortunately, Ms McDowell is just this side of a lump of clay as acting ability goes.<br />Second, the final act of the film. Murray has to be a nice guy. Not his forte by any means. And the rest of the cast has to pick up the &quot;funny&quot; for the remainder of the movie. Fortunately, by that time you've had such fun that you barely notice that flaw.<br />All in all, a very good movie that could've been great.
0385504209|3.0|The DaVinci Code was a page turner, I must say. I read it in nearly one sitting, and enjoyed it a lot. It's a good read, and a simple one. There were some complicated puzzles, some fascinating theories, and interesting facts. I'm hoping that Fibonacci sequences and the number PHI will be topics of conversation, when and if I get a chance to discuss this book with anyone. Also, I ran and got my book on Italian Renaissance Art when I read Brown's description of Leonardo's The Last Supper, and sure enough, he describes it accurately. It makes me want to find out more about Leonardo DaVinci, that's for sure.<br />Since there are many reviews discussing the nature of the mystery, I won't bring that up other than to say Interesting. The Chalice as metaphor. I enjoyed the little plot twist at the end, dealing with the heroine's family, quite a bit.<br />That having been said, I must qualify my enthusiasm.<br />As much fun as this was to read, I was wondering about halfway through the book, &quot;Well, wonder what difficulty they'll be running into now, and how they'll get out of it&quot; in a ho-hum-who-really-cares way. There were just so MANY times the pair had to deal with entrapments, chases, thefts, guns, and the like.<br />And, there was one place that is such a glaring flaw, I must mention it.<br />At one point in the story, Langdon, Sophie, and Sir Leigh come across a clue written in mirror writing. This clue stumps them for quite a long time.<br />Tell me, how is it that an expert on symbology, who has revealed time and time again his expertise in the life of Leonardo DaVinci, can miss so broadly and for so long, a clue written in mirror writing? How can a cryptology expert, whose grandfather's passion was Leonardo, not see the &quot;(reverse) handwriting on the wall&quot; and know it for what it is IMMEDIATELY? Also, a historian whose passion has been the Holy Grail, who knows everything about Leonardo that the hero and heroine know, is completely at a loss. Dan Brown only makes it worse by including a picture of what the clue looked like, within the text.<br />Leonardo's penchant for writing his notebooks in mirror writing is well known to anyone who has ever read a Time Magazine article about the man. How then, can it be mistaken for the scrit of some ancient, lost culture, by people who specialize in the man's life? This part of the plot made me laugh out loud, and my respect for the story was somewhat disrupted. In the middle of a pretty good, intelligent story, it really stood out.<br />Bottom line: mostly enjoyable, with one laughable, glaring, really STUPID plot error. Borrow it from your library if you see it on the &quot;new book&quot; shelf.n Brown only makes it worse by including a picture of what the clue looked like, within the text.  <br />Leonardo's penchant for writing his notebooks in mirror writing is well known to anyone who has ever read a Time Magazine article about the man. How then, can it be mistaken for the scrit of some ancient, lost culture, by people who specialize in the man's life? This part of the plot made me laugh out loud, and my respect for the story was somewhat disrupted. In the middle of a pretty good, intelligent story, it really stood out. <br />Bottom line: mostly enjoyable, with one laughable, glaring, really STUPID plot error. Borrow it from your library if you see it on the &quot;new book&quot; shelf.
B000083C49|4.0|Everyone else seems to love this movie. For me, it was alright. The classic fish-out-of-water tale gets the Star Trek treatment as the intrepid crew heads to 20th century San Francisco so that they can look silly. Director Leonard Nimoy, who also helped develop the story, spares no one in his none-to-subtle &quot;save the whales&quot; movie.<br />Star Trek has always been great when they take social issues of today and transform them into a science fiction realm. This one translates the science fiction into the social issue of today, with mixed results. Everyone is given something to do, unfortunately, that helps to point up the lack of ability many of the original crew possess acting wise.<br />A good movie, witty but not subtle.<br />The Special Edition adds considerable &quot;making of&quot; type fodder, but doesn't add as much as I'd like to the enjoyment of the movie itself. It is, however, a well produced set.
0399226907|5.0|Story Synopsis:<br />- A caterpillar eats his way through different foods until he is full and weaves a cocoon transforming into a beautiful butterfly. Charming colorful illustrations of foods along with the fat caterpillar and catchy little holes in the foods where the caterpillar \\"had his snack\\" make this book a hit with young children.<br />Review:<br />- Eric Carle's classic, \\"The Very Hungry Caterpillar\\" has charmed millions over the years with it's simple memorable story, striking illustrations and the gimmicky holes on each of its' pages. To date, more than 12 million copies of this book have been sold in its original, full-sized edition, and mini editions. This beloved tale of science and gluttony has also been translated into 20 languages and counting. Die-cut pages (each page has a hole where the \\"caterpillar\\" ate through the food item) illustrate what the caterpillar ate on successive days. Strikingly bold, colorful pictures and a simple text in large, clear type tell the story of a hungry little caterpillar's culinary progress through an amazing variety and quantity of foods. Full at last, he weaves a cocoon around himself and goes to sleep, to emerge a few weeks later as a wonderfully transformed and beautiful butterfly! The final, double-page picture of the butterfly is a joyous explosion of color, a vibrant affirmation of the wonder and beauty of Nature. This story is a hit every time. Carle's bright colors and clever die-cut artwork never cease to entertain even the youngest child, and there is surely nothing in nature closer to magic than the emergence of a butterfly. This is a beautiful, educational and fun book.<br />Literary Features For Young Readers:<br />- Simple words appropriate to pre-readers, younger children and ELLs (English Language Learners).<br />- The predictability of the words and their tie-in with the illustrations makes the book easy for pre-readers to understand.<br />- The rhythm of the prose makes the book memorable and fun book to read for little people.<br />- Strikingly bold, colorful pictures tell the story of the hungry little caterpillar in complement with the simple words.<br />- Eric Carle's art gimmick (i.e. the die-cut holes through the food illustrations on each page) gives small children (and the occasional adult like me!) an extra bit of fun and enjoyment<br />- The moral lessons of the story are simple and universal: \\"Don't judge a person by the way they look\\" and  \\"real beauty is more than skin-deep.\\"<br />Teaching Tie-ins:<br />- Counting skills (Foods accumulate progressively)<br />- The days of the week.<br />- Nutrition (The best food for the caterpillar is the leaf, not the candy, cake, etc. or why we can't eat chocolate and candy all day long)<br />- Intro to science and biology:<br />It is a fun book with its' \\"holes\\" that have been eaten through the pages, and become a preschoolers introduction to science/biology when the little caterpillar turns into a beautiful butterfly.<br />- Shapes (foods)<br />Possible Projects:<br />- Food or nutrition mobiles and other related projects.<br />- Art collages in the style or Eric Carle using torn tissue and other media.<br />- Simple life cycle science projects (posters are life cycle mobiles)<br />- Caterpillar art activity: creating caterpillars out of an egg cartoons.<br />- As a preschool and kindergarten teacher, I had classes perform simple plays for young children based upon this book.<br />-----------------------------------------------<br />I highly recommend this charming little book for younger children and ELLs (English Language Learners).<br />Review by: Maximillian Ben Hanan
B00003CY0V|4.0|The opening sequence will blow you away. The rest of the movie has a hard time living up to that promise. Hugh Jackman plays a computer hacker hired by John Travolta to do the impossible (of course). Which he accomplishes in short order. There are some funny moments. There are some tense moments. Overall, the motivations for the characters are blurry, at best. But, it's summer popcorn fare and not high drama. And, Travolta's first line helps sum that up better than I could here.<br />The main challenge for the film makers... how do you make computer haking exciting. The answer, use a bunch of computer screens.<br />Decent performances all around. Travolta manages to steal his scenes without too much trouble. PS... If you're going just for Halle Berry's &quot;nude&quot; scene, it's a bit of a letdown and unnecessary at that. She looks better in the strip scene (almost all of which is in the trailer).
0582504716|5.0|Story Synopsis:<br />- A caterpillar eats his way through different foods until he is full and weaves a cocoon transforming into a beautiful butterfly. Charming colorful illustrations of foods along with the fat caterpillar and catchy little holes in the foods where the caterpillar \\"had his snack\\" make this book a hit with young children.<br />Review:<br />- Eric Carle's classic, \\"The Very Hungry Caterpillar\\" has charmed millions over the years with it's simple memorable story, striking illustrations and the gimmicky holes on each of its' pages. To date, more than 12 million copies of this book have been sold in its original, full-sized edition, and mini editions. This beloved tale of science and gluttony has also been translated into 20 languages and counting. Die-cut pages (each page has a hole where the \\"caterpillar\\" ate through the food item) illustrate what the caterpillar ate on successive days. Strikingly bold, colorful pictures and a simple text in large, clear type tell the story of a hungry little caterpillar's culinary progress through an amazing variety and quantity of foods. Full at last, he weaves a cocoon around himself and goes to sleep, to emerge a few weeks later as a wonderfully transformed and beautiful butterfly! The final, double-page picture of the butterfly is a joyous explosion of color, a vibrant affirmation of the wonder and beauty of Nature. This story is a hit every time. Carle's bright colors and clever die-cut artwork never cease to entertain even the youngest child, and there is surely nothing in nature closer to magic than the emergence of a butterfly. This is a beautiful, educational and fun book.<br />Literary Features For Young Readers:<br />- Simple words appropriate to pre-readers, younger children and ELLs (English Language Learners).<br />- The predictability of the words and their tie-in with the illustrations makes the book easy for pre-readers to understand.<br />- The rhythm of the prose makes the book memorable and fun book to read for little people.<br />- Strikingly bold, colorful pictures tell the story of the hungry little caterpillar in complement with the simple words.<br />- Eric Carle's art gimmick (i.e. the die-cut holes through the food illustrations on each page) gives small children (and the occasional adult like me!) an extra bit of fun and enjoyment<br />- The moral lessons of the story are simple and universal: \\"Don't judge a person by the way they look\\" and  \\"real beauty is more than skin-deep.\\"<br />Teaching Tie-ins:<br />- Counting skills (Foods accumulate progressively)<br />- The days of the week.<br />- Nutrition (The best food for the caterpillar is the leaf, not the candy, cake, etc. or why we can't eat chocolate and candy all day long)<br />- Intro to science and biology:<br />It is a fun book with its' \\"holes\\" that have been eaten through the pages, and become a preschoolers introduction to science/biology when the little caterpillar turns into a beautiful butterfly.<br />- Shapes (foods)<br />Possible Projects:<br />- Food or nutrition mobiles and other related projects.<br />- Art collages in the style or Eric Carle using torn tissue and other media.<br />- Simple life cycle science projects (posters are life cycle mobiles)<br />- Caterpillar art activity: creating caterpillars out of an egg cartoons.<br />- As a preschool and kindergarten teacher, I had classes perform simple plays for young children based upon this book.<br />-----------------------------------------------<br />I highly recommend this charming little book for younger children and ELLs (English Language Learners).<br />Review by: Maximillian Ben Hanan
B00005JKHP|4.0|Back in 1979, the studios had to pay for a movie's release date. Such was the case with this film. Director Robert Wise was under the gun to make it to screen. The special effects, while special for the time, weren't as good as they should have been. The sound editing was done in a rush. The film itself was almost literally thrown together. Rushing it nearly cost Paramount the Star Trek franchise.<br /><br />This restored version helps to make more sense of the storyline. Because of the remixing, every word uttered doesn't sound as though it was dubbed over. There is still a curiously bad edit toward the beginning of the film. Beyond that, this DVD is like watching this film for the first time. And enjoying it this time.
B0000041DF|5.0|I have quite a few recordings of the Rach 3 by various pianists. Each artist delivers an exquisite and unique interpretation. By far, my personal favorite is performed by Ms. Martha Argerich. <br />WARNING: Your speakers may burst into flames by the power and passion delivered by Ms. Martha Argerich.<br />Another favorite of mine (on DVD: The Cliburn - Playing on the Edge) is performed by Ms. Olga Kern. At 26, she tackles the Rach 3 and leaves you in awe. <br />Check out both performances. You will not regret it. Both are essential for your collection.
B0000AFX64|5.0|Repackaged to take advantage of the Sci-Fi Channel's remake/mini-series. This is a decent beginning to one of TV's all time greats.<br />The last Battlestar, Galactica, leads a ragtag fugitive fleet away from the tyranny of the robotic Cylons in search of a lost tribe that has settled on a mythical planet known as Earth. While it was labeled as a rip-off, the fact is it was an excellent series that is only now getting the respect it deserves.<br />The widescreen treatment is courtesy of the fact that Universal marketed a different edit in theaters overseas. All in all, a great disc for the science fiction fan in your house.
B000002NHN|5.0|For those of you who are needing a quiet peaceful background to set your meditative state, this is a wonderful CD to add to your collection.  Very calming, very serene, and puts you in the right frame of mind to send all negative energies out of your body and return to the world.  A MUST HAVE for any wiccan too!!
B000067G3C|4.0|Who would have thought that the monosyllabic Keanu Reeves could pull off an action role. (Okay, Stallone has made a career of it.) But the heart and soul of this movie lies with then unknown Sandra Bullock. It is her Annie who really tells this story. Reeves is just along to do the stunts.<br />Make no mistake about it... this is no great drama. Jan deBont is not so much a director, as a cinematographer that got a promotion. Just get out the popcorn, sit back and enjoy.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I thought it was crap when i first heard it. I had been waiting for 2 years,hungry for new tracks from this band and this is all they could muster. come on they could do better, but what is this I can't take my ears off, no it can't be. this is alcoholica or whatever you want to call it.it's addicting I can't take my ears off it.granted I only listen from tracks 10 through 4 then all the rest is filler and somehow it fits because I would not mind getting to those tracks and surmising every single second of it to enjoy every quarter note it's that addictging. I was expecting better yet it's not better it's worse I can't seem to let go. It's not allowing me to let go It's somehow refusing me to continue to  listen to it and the nooze oh boy! It just begs to be listened to time and time again.what else can I say I'm addicted.
B000060K4P|4.0|Here's the formula... Ivan Reitman's direction, the warped minds of Dan Ackroyd and Harold Ramis writing, Bill Murray.<br />The main reason the second one was so bad was because the first one was so good. I don't remember how many times I saw this movie in the summer of 1984. I do remember I laughed every time.<br />The DVD finally does it justice on the small screen as well. And some of the outtakes make for fun viewing as well. However, the second one should be left in the sleeve. It just doesn't hold up to the first.
B000062YB1|4.0|Seasons in the Abyss was the first slayer song I ever heard (Yeah I cant belive that I missed reign in blood!!)<BR>Anyway, for some reason Seasons in the Abyss for me is the best thrash metal song ever. <br />This album is not the fastest of all the slayer albums but definitly one of the heaviest.  Blood red, Dead skin mask, Born of Fire and Seasons in the abyss have some of the greatest slayer riffs. This album stands out from the rest of slayer's albums in 2 aspects. The creepy solos prevelant all throught the album and the crazy screams of Tom Araya. The creepiness reaches its peek in Dead skin mask. The screaming at the end of Born of fire is breathtaking. The story teller kind of singing in Dead skin mask is simply superb.
B00005V9IK|4.0|When you think of great dramatic movies, this should be nowherenear the list. However, when you think of great popcorn movies, this should be at the top of the list. Watching skyscrapers being destoryed now, has a bit more resonance and less entertainment value.<br />From Jeff Goldblum's patented neurotics. To Will Smith's single minded heroics. To Bill Pullman's to good to be true President. This is the perfect summer movie. It's got humor, heart and great special effects...
B00003CXB4|5.0|The folks at Disney are experts at putting together fantastic special edition DVDs.  \\"The Lion King Special Edition\\" is no exception.  From the hilarious introduction by Timon and Pumbaa, to the enjoyable new musical number by Zazu (Rowan Atkinson), to the myriad of special features, this DVD is a must have for any kid, kid at heart, or animation fan.<br />I was thrilled to get my hands on my copy of the DVD weeks before the release date.  This is, after all, one of my favorite animated features of all time (and favorite films of all time, for that matter).  Like \\"Snow White\\" and \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" before it, Disney packed this fabulous DVD with all the behind-the-scenes featurettes, music videos and games any die-hard fan would want.  Plus, the digital and sound transfers are excellent. There are two versions of the film - the theatrical version and the special edition version that includes the new song \\"Morning Report\\" - on DVD.  The second DVD contains 3 games, 2 music videos, a sing-along track, deleted scenes, loads of behind the scenes footage and featurettes (covering music, animation, storymaking, etc.) and a fun virtual safari hosted by everyones favorite warthog and meerkat.<br />If you enjoy Disney animation and especially if you are a fan of this film to begin with, then you should get your hands on this DVD as soon as possible.  Disney, after all, has finally given Simba a DVD treatment worthy of a king.
B00003CXTG|4.0|&quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; is meant to be as historically accurate as &quot;Titanic&quot; was. This isn't so much about the attack, as a love story which happens to be set against the backdrop of the &quot;day that will live in infamy.&quot; Ben Affleck, Josh Hartnett and Kate Beckensale make for an engaging love triangle. But the centerpiece of the movie remains the effects laden attack on Pearl Harbor. In a detailed, brutal (yet surprisingly non-bloody) 40 minute sequence, America gets a wake up call that, even 60 years removed, puts a lump in your throat.<br />Is this a great movie? No. Affleck is lacking something as an actor and as a leading man. The effects work is superior. The love story gets to be a bit predictable. But, overall it is worth the nearly three hours of your life.
B00009V7RF|5.0|I was a little skeptical at first, but my friend told me it was great, and she was right! Every song is immediately catchy and the lyrics are great! If you like music, you should buy this CD!!! I'm not a big fan of rap or funk but I love this album! BUY IT!!!
B0000683DH|5.0|The even movies in this series are the &quot;real&quot; Trek movies. ST4 had the whales. ST6 had the last of the old crew. ST8 had the Borg, ST10 had the Romulans and a clone. But ST2, ah ST2, that had Ricardo Mantalban giving William Shatner's scene chewing a run for it's money.<br />In fact, Shatner is relatively subdued for the better part of the movie. His Captain Kirk is feeling his age and faced with an estranged son that would prefer to remain estranged. Lost love and missed opportunities, and a tight reign from director Nicholas Meyer (Time After Time, ST6), help keep Shatner in check.<br />Also marks the screen debut of Kirstie Alley as Lt. Saavik.<br />The DVD package is put together very well. Once Paramount decided to start doing a good job with DVD special editions. They took it all the way to the bank.
B00008PW2D|4.0|First off - my wife and I love the series.  DVD's for seasons 1-4 are right there at the top of the comedy list for weekend marathons.<br />Season 5 - cut short for biological reasons...on DVD - a good thing.  But not at the same price for 8 episodes as for a complete season.  I sincerely hope seasons 5 & 6 are a combined release...
B000002KHF|5.0|You know, I don't like the song moondance, and track one, whatever.  This CD, from track 3 on, is the best mellow CD ever.  It's not for all the time, but when your kicking back and it's all mellow, it's really good.  The CD has soul.  I was happy to hear a track when I was watch American Wedding, for me, that was like having a friend in the movie.<br />Right, it's friday night, time for d'n'b.
B000089RVX|5.0|Not being much of a fan of current radio music, I must admit that this band helped renew my faith in modern mainstream music. From the beginning track to the last this album is well worth your money! IN fact, its one of the few that I can put in and listen to all the way thruogh without one disappointing track. With riveting guitar rythms, and the singers beautifully hauntung voice this cd works! I give this album 5 stars, adn highly recommend it to people of all musical tastes.
0790731509|2.0|I was really looking forward to watching this film, but after the first hour I almost turned it off. To say that it develops slowly would be an understatement; nothing much happens during the first half of the movie. I thought it could've easily been reduced to 90 minutes without losing much.<br />I did enjoy the first escape scene, where Luke brilliantly and mercilessly messes with the bloodhounds, and George Kennedy's performance was deserving of his Oscar. It was mainly the Luke character (figuring out his motivation) I had trouble relating to. Other than his charming smile, I found little else to appreciate about him. Unlike Butch Cassidy, I did not find myself sympathizing with this character.<br />Let's be honest here - if your teenage kid got drunk and ripped out a bunch of parking meters, wouldn't you think it was a really stupid thing to do ? If he let a bigger kid beat him silly, would you think him heroic, or lacking good judgment ? would you consider your kid praiseworthy for eating 50 eggs ? So why do these absurd actions make Luke (who is supposedly an adult) such a hero in the eyes of this film's fans ??<br />Overall, I would say Cool Hand Luke is highly overrated, and I'd recommend to anyone to rent it and watch it before buying.
B00005JMD3|4.0|Of the films released this year, I felt that S.W.A.T., was one of the most satisfying ways to spend seven dollars. A thrilling ride from start to finish, if you're loking for a simple, basic action flick, this one is for you. The acting in this film was superb, but what else can be expected from a film starring Samuel L. Jackson. If you're looking for a good way to spend a couple hours, give S.W.A.T. a look, as it will satisfy your action cravings! I give this film 4 stars.
0062515675|3.0|I enjoyed this book, but enjoyed Saint Surfer &amp; CEO by Mr Sharma much more.
B00005JM0B|3.0|T3...or is it T2 with the plot reworked? All through this film I felt that I was watching an alternate version of T2. With the same basic plotline. Arnnold sent back to protect John Conner from another, more sophisticated Terminator....sound familiar? Yeah, I thought so too. Once agin the CGI and effects are spectacular as would be expected, and the acting is good (Albeit Arnold's Terminator sometimes seems a little too human.)Of course, we welcome beautiful newcomer Kristanna Loken to the screen (WOW!) Overall I give this film 3 stars, although it could perhaps be a 3.5 instead. Definitely worht checking out.
B00005JKG7|4.0|This vintage John Carpenter film was made in collaboration with Debra Hill, who with Carpenter was responsible for the runaway success of \\"Halloween\\". When \\"The Fog\\" was first released, it was met with a fairly lukewarm reception. It has since gone on to achieve some acclaim, though it has never reached the heights of commercial success touched upon by \\"Halloween\\", though, then again, few films have.<br />\\"The Fog\\" is a highly atmospheric ghost story. The ghosts manifest themselves on the stroke of midnight, as the fishing village of Antonio Bay gets ready to celebrate its centennial. As the midnight hour rolls in, so does an unearthly fog that begins to engulf the whole town. It is a fog that enshrouds of the ghosts of those whose ship was  lured to the rocky coast, only to find itself dashed to bits on the rocks, causing all aboard to plummet  to the nether regions of Davy Jones' locker. These ghosts are now hell bent on seeking revenge  for their fate on the inhabitants of Antonio bay.<br />The special effects in the film are excellent, as is the musical score composed by none other than John Carpenter himself. This is for the most part a subtle, creepy film, highlighted by a stellar cast. If you are looking for a blood and gore slasher film, this is not the film for you. If, however, you enjoy a terse, tightly written script, as well as a pulse pounding musical score, then you will enjoy this highly atmospheric, ghost story. I originally saw this film in the theatre when it was first released and still remember the effectiveness of the fog rolling across the huge silver screen and the pulse pounding, musical score, which was such an excellent accompaniment to the film. Time has not diminished its power.<br />This well priced DVD is an excellent value with pristine visuals  and clear audio. It is a fully loaded DVD that includes  two documentaries, one of which was made a the time of the film's release and one made recently. It is interesting to see and hear some of those who were involved with this film as they appeared then and as they look now. One may also elect to view the film in either full screen or letterbox format.of those who were involved with this film as they appeared then and as they look now. One may also elect to view the film in either full screen or letterbox format.
B0000BWVCM|4.0|Ok, I'll admit...I was a comic fan growing up, X-Men being my favorite. I think that somehow this is the audience that Marvel is attempting to reach, while appealing to all ages. If possible, this sequel is even better than the original, which is a rare case, as most sequels never usually live up to the their predecessors. terrific CGI, winning acting, and good ole comic fantasy action lend nicely to this well-written story. If you are looking for good fun, and a good way to spend that hard earned cash, this wouldn't be a bad choice for your entertainment library. I give this film 4 stars, and highly recommend its viewing.
6301449142|5.0|This is a terrific, old fashioned, madcap, screwball comedy. Deftly directed by Howard Hawkes, the pace is frenetic from the get-go and never lets up. Starring Cary Grant, as a straight-laced paleontologist, and Katherine Hepburn, as an impulsive and beautiful heiress, this film is simply about as good as comedy gets.<br />The plot itself is simple. David Huxley (Cary Grant), a noted paleontologist, is trying to get a philanthropical grant of money for his museum from a wealthy donor. In his quest for this charitable gift, he runs into Susan (Katherine Hepburn), who, unbeknownst to him, is the niece and prospective heiress to his potential philanthropist's fortune. Once David meets up with this madcap heiress, his life will never be the same.<br />The film is noted for its highly improbable situations, its rat-a-tat-tat, staccato delivery of lines, its frenetic pacing, and impeccable comedic timing. Toss in a missing dinosaur bone, a little dog with a fondness for such, a domesticated leopard (if there is such a thing), a not so tame leopard, a great cast and script, and voila, one ends up with a great film!<br />Cary Grant is marvelous as David Huxley, the straight-laced, befuddled man of science who is drawn into improbable situations by Susan. Katherine Hepburn is sensational as Susan, the airhead heiress whose hair-brained ideas just lead to trouble. Of course, Susan falls for David, and the games begin. In addition to Cary Grant and Katherine Hepburn, the film has notable performances by Charles Ruggles, as big game hunter Major Applegate, Barry Fitzgerald as Mr. Gogarty, the hapless hired hand, and Walter Catlett, as Slocum, the criminally stupid town constable.<br />It is with good reason that this film made the Entertainment Weekly list of the 100 best comedies ever made. It is an assessment with which I heartily concur. This is a superlative, vintage film that is well worth having in one's personal collection, preferably in black and white over colorized. Bravo!ravo!
B00005JKC3|3.0|I was intensely looking forward to this film when it debutted this past summer. Expecting only the best from Marvel, I eagerly bought my tickets, grabbed my popcorn, and settled down for the ride. After over half an hour of waiting for the action to begin I was starting to get a little restless. The opening sequence and story building material seemed to take an eternity, as most people already know the story of the HULK and just want to see the big green guy smash some stuff. Nonetheless, when the action started I found it quite entertaining. Even thought the Hulk himself was a CGI created monster, it worked well. So, once you get past the sometimes dragging and much too ong story sequences, its a fun way to spend your time. I give this film 3 stars, but it is more of a 3.5.
B00009MEA5|5.0|This is a terrific film, as are so many of the films in which Kevin Spacey stars. This film is about death penalty opponent fanatic, David Gayle (Kevin Spacey), whose life careens out of control once he has an unfortunate sexual interlude with a provocative student from the college in which he is a professor.<br />Having lost his teaching career and family over the incident and seeing his high profile role in the politics of death penalty issues consequently disappear,  he ends up accused of the rape and horrific murder of Constance Harraway (Laura Linney). Constance was David's fellow death penalty opponent fanatic and best friend, the one who stood by him through thick and thin and helped him try to regain control of his life.<br />Tried and convicted for her rape and murder, David is ironically now an inmate on death row. He grants an ambitious reporter, Bitsey Bloom (Kate Winslet), an interview just days before his execution. As his story unfolds,  revealed in a series of flashbacks leading to the final denouement, Bitsey begins to believe that David might be innocent. She begins to investigate and put together the pieces of the enigma that is David Gayle.<br />Kevin Spacey is terrific in the role of David Gayle, a man who went from being on top of the world to being at the bottom of the heap. He is a man who has lost all that he holds most dear, including a relationship with his beloved young son, all because of a mistake in judgment that caused him to take the wrong fork in the road of life. It is the story of a man whose life has spiraled downward, and who has given in to despair. He uses his ideological commitment as succor, ultimately seeking absolution in martyrdom.<br />Laura Linney is excellent as David's devoted friend and fellow activist, who  sticks by him through thick and thin. She infuses the role with a certain firmness of character and quiet dedication. Hers is an activism born of measured conviction in contrast to David's more flamboyant, confrontational stance on the issue for which they share a passion. Her own personal waterloo provides the film with some lovely bittersweet moments.<br />Kate Winslet handles her role as the intrepid reporter with great aplomb, providing the role with a nice contemporary feel and infusing the character with a respectable American accent. Despite all this, however, she takes a back seat to Spacey and Linney in the film. Matt Craven is perfectly cast as the mysterious Dusty Wright, the cowboy whose dedication to the anti-death penalty cause goes above and beyond the call of duty.<br />This is not, however,  a film about the death penalty. Consequently, as a death penalty issues film, it fails, as the film paints both sides of this hot button issue in an unflattering light. It is, therefore, not a propaganda film and those looking for such will, inevitably, be disappointed. As a whodunit, however, it succeeds brilliantly, as the plot is complex and filled with enough twists and turns and red herrings to delight even the most jaded mystery aficionado.<br />This is a film that focuses on an unhappy man, who has lost all that he holds dear, and a  decision that he makes about what to do with his life. Right or wrong, it is that decision that fuels the film and makes for some gripping cinematic moments. This film now completes a magnificent triad of films about troubled men for gifted director Alan Parker (Angel Heart, Midnight Express).<br />This is a film that one can certainly watch again and again due to its complexity. My twenty one year old daughter has watched it three times now and claims that it is one of her all-time favorite films. I myself would certainly watch it again and intend to add it to my personal collection.  Bravo!ntational stance on the issue for which they share a passion. Her own personal waterloo provides the film with some lovely bittersweet moments.<br />Kate Winslet handles her role as the intrepid reporter with great aplomb, providing the role with a nice contemporary feel and infusing the character with a respectable American accent. Despite all this, however, she takes a back seat to Spacey and Linney in the film. Matt Craven is perfectly cast as the mysterious Dusty Wright, the cowboy whose dedication to the anti-death penalty cause goes above and beyond the call of duty.<br />This is not, however,  a film about the death penalty. Consequently, as a death penalty issues film, it fails, as the film paints both sides of this hot button issue in an unflattering light. It is, therefore, not a propaganda film and those looking for such will, inevitably, be disappointed. As a whodunit, however, it succeeds brilliantly, as the plot is complex and filled with enough twists and turns and red herrings to delight even the most jaded mystery aficionado.<br />This is a film that focuses on an unhappy man, who has lost all that he holds dear, and a  decision that he makes about what to do with his life. Right or wrong, it is that decision that fuels the film and makes for some gripping cinematic moments. This film now completes a magnificent triad of films about troubled men for gifted director Alan Parker (Angel Heart, Midnight Express).<br />This is a film that one can certainly watch again and again due to its complexity. My twenty one year old daughter has watched it three times now and claims that it is one of her all-time favorite films. I myself would certainly watch it again and intend to add it to my personal collection.  Bravo!
6305603847|5.0|Ok people im gona keep it short and simple for you. The wall is a trip movie. Yes it is brillant but just like their music, its made for stoners who are chewen on some shrooms or on acid or lsd. It is good when you are in your right state of mind but Excellent when your blitzed. I recomend this to everyone! Also check out 2001 space odessy, fantasia, and alice in wonderland. Sorry if you dont agree but it is the truth.
B00005JKWJ|5.0|If your here then u are considering buying or reviewing the movie Blade 2. I remember when i saw the first Blade. I was dragged by a friend to go see it as Wesley Snipes just didn't interested me and i didn't really want to sit through 90 min of him. However, from the opening night club scene to the climax i was captuvated and thought that they would never top it.<br />Well they did...<br />The director of The Devils Backbone has brought a frentic, hyped up action adventure in the form of Blade 2. Where the first relied more on the vison, beginnings and drama of the Day Walker, Blade 2 pushes the story of half man, half vampire into overdrive.<br />This films shows that sequal can be successful in capturing the element of orginality from the first and then pushing it into a new realm. <br />Gulermo Del Toro created a film that moves at a speed and actually manges to successfully master the combination of action, suspense and horror. <br />The reapers are a truely effective villan and the sheer site of 100's of then crawling along sewers walls is sure suspenseful bliss. <br />This movie succeeds in creeping you out why giving you that 'WOW' factor. <br />From the opening scene at a European Vamp Blood Bank you will be hooked if you are into decent horror if not above average action horror film.<br />Wesley Snipes IS Blade and it shows in this film that he has made the charater his own through his ability to provide a convincing and more humours version of Blade, (as opposed to the first film where the charater was full of self-hatered and serious).<br />Visually the film looks very Europeon with Del Toro choosing yellows, blues, greens and reds to overglow the action on screen.<br />The storyline is solid and really excels in providing more of the mythology behind the vamps and extends it with the introduction of the reapers and the father of all Vamps. Infact getting more inside the hierachy of the Vamp side was a point of stroyline that i really liked, (where do iget a blood bath, yummy).<br />Overall, if you liked the first one, like horror, like vampires, and LOVE a good high adenalin action film - LOOK NO FURTHER. <br />Blade 2 recieves 5 stars for me because its delievers what it promised and is a good example of the more modern day action film and how sequals should be done.
0345440900|1.0|It's worth noting that the American Academy of Pediatricians disagrees with much of what Ms. Hogg states in this book - specifically, she feels that babies shoud not be fed on demand, that formula is just as good as breastmilk, and that breastfeeding past 6 months is usually for the mom and not for the baby.<br />I received this book as a gift - and I found it worthless.  Don't bother.  Dr. Sears' The Baby Book is a MUCH better resource, and is better respected.  I also disagreed completely with her ideas about a schedule (ha!) for a newborn, co-sleeping, and attachment parenting.
0316666343|4.0|The Lovely Bones is about a girl named Susie who is brutally raped and murdered when she is fourteen.  Susie goes to her own individual heaven and she can see everything happening on earth.  She can see her family greiving their loss and she can see her killer, a neighbor no one but her father is willing to suspect.<br />Susie watches her classmates and younger brother and sister grow up while she remains the same fourteen year old girl.  She is fixated on Earth below instead of trying to focus on her new life in heaven.<br />What I found amazing was Susie's calm and general lack of emotion throughout the events of the the book.  She is killed in a disturbing manner and Susie casually speaks of it as if she were describing someone making a peanut butter sandwich.  She is far too comfortable with her own death and murder for my liking.<br />It was certainly a unique book and a very good read, but the last hundred pages or so seemed very sluggish to me.  It was almost as if the writer were told she needed to make the book longer, so she tacked on the pages.  Thankfully it came together nicely in the last couple of chapters.
B0000C7PSW|5.0|I first heard Rufus Wainwright when he opened for Tori Amos several years ago. I then had an opportunity to see him on his Poses tour. I have been anticipating this album for so long, and at last it is here and it does not disappoint. The more I listen the more I love this CD. Never before has Rufus' sound seemed so full and so big. The orchestrations are so sweeping and as usual the lyrics are fantastic.<br />This CD works to restore my faith in the music industry and the fact that there are artists in the world that continue to make substantial and beautiful music. Buy it now!!!
B000068OSK|5.0|The White Stripes' debut is a great addition to your White Stripes collection, but I wouldn't recommend it to beginners. That is because the sound of the album is pure blues most of the time, with not much crossover potential. That's not a bad thing of course, but it just doesn't represent what this amazing band is really capable of. When this album was recorded Jack obviously hadn't honed his production skills yet, &amp; it shows. Still, their potential shines through many moments through the album, hence my 4.5 rating. This makes the list of their albums from best to least good as so:<br />Elephant<BR>De Stijl<BR>White Blood Cells<BR>The White Stripes
1400031354|4.0|Once again McCall Smith has demonstrated his compassion and love of Africa and its people, with Precious Ramotswe solving the disappearance of an American man in the Kalahari desert, amongst other problems both at work and in her personal life. Smith manages to convey the simplicity and complexity of Africa in this delightful novel.  And for those readers who are interested to read more about this fascinating continent, once they have finished all these Botswana novels, I recommend A TELLING TIME, by Glynnis Hayward, which tells a gripping tale set in South Africa that will have them turning the pages.
B00005RFAI|5.0|1. Missundaztood - This song is one of the most catchy tunes I have heard in a long time. You just can't help singing along. The ending is kind of dumb, she's not even singing, but the song is still a 4/5.<BR>2. Don't Let Me Get Me - This song is the reason I bought this CD in the first place. Everyone has heard it and loves it, but it was kind of overplayed on the radio. 4.5/5<BR>3. Just Like A Pill - The first time I heard this song, I just loved it. No matter how many times you listen to it, it's one of those that never get old. 5/5<BR>4. Get The Party Started - What can I say about this song. Everyone on the planet knows it. A great dance song. 4/5<BR>5. Respect - This song is great, it should be the women's anthem in America. Respect us! 5/5<BR>6. 18 Wheeler - Another song about strength and perserverence. Kind of slow, though. Gets old after a while and i find myself skipping to the next track halfway through the song. 3/5<BR>7. Family Portrait - The best song on the CD! It almost makes me cry when I hear it, and you can easily feel the pain and sorrow she's going through. It's a song that I and many other people will be able to relate to really well. 5/5<BR>8. Misery - Slow song, almost blues sound. My least favorite on the CD. 2/5<BR>9. Dear Diary - Bouncy, catchy beat, but the lyrics are kind of repetitive. Still, a pretty good song. 4/5<BR>10. Eventually - One of the better songs. It's kind of slow, but the lyrics are great. Another where you can really feel the pain and lonliness in the music. 5/5<BR>11. Lonely Girl - I love this song! I have to sing it every time I hear it! 5/5<BR>12. Numb - Another one you just have to sing along with. Good lyrics, and  good melodies too. 5/5<BR>13. Gone To California - Really slow, the first time I heard it I didn't really like it, but it's one of those songs that really grow on you if you give it a chance. 4/5<BR>14. My Vietnam - This one is really good. Strong beat and rhythem. And I know that I've said this about alot of the songs, but I love singing along with this one too. 5/5<br />Overall, this is a really great CD. Just about anyone will like it, because the songs have a little bit of almost every type of music genre there is. I'm a 15-year-old rock and punk fan, my 12 year old sister listens to pop and hip-hop, and my mom likes oldies and lite rock. We all love this CD, and so does almost every one else I know. I hope this was helpful!
6300182193|4.0|There are several things wrong with this movie, including the rubber bats, but that doesn't take away from the fun performances by the actors.<BR>I first saw this movie when I was about 15.  It scared the poo out of me.  Dracula is supposed to be handsome, charismatic, evil and arrogant.  Langella is the suave and charismatic Dracula that we have come to expect.  I am not a big fan of Sir Laurence Olivier, but I liked his portrayal of Van Helsing.  He brings a humanness to the character as Van Helsing weeps when forced to stab his own daughter, Mina(Jan Francis), because she had become a vampire.  Donald Pleasance is...well..., Donald Pleasance.  I've never seen a bad performance by this man.  He exudes confidence and I have always felt that he enjoys himself no matter which role he takes on.  Kate Nelligan is good too.  She is a very strong actress who kept up with the strength of her male couterparts.  Lucy irritated me the way she used Jonathan Harker.  Surprisingly, Jonathan Harker was played by a very young Trevor Eve.  When I watched this movie for the first time, I had no idea who Eve was, which makes sense because this was his first feature film.  Now after almost 25 years in film and theater, he has created a reputation for quality work.  <BR>Now looking back on the cast and crew of this film, it makes sense to me, that considering the quality of actors, why I enjoyed it so much.<BR>When actors respect and trust one another, that feeling comes across on the screen as chemistry.  This film exudes loads of chemistry beginning with Olivier and Pleasance and radiating downward to the younger actors.
B000002U9W|5.0|Reportedly, Pink Floyd themselves don't think very highly of their 1970 album, \\"Atom Heart Mother,\\" aka \\"The Cow Album,\\" with the band members on record having especially dismissed the 24-minute instrumental title suite, as well as the 13-minute instrumental-with-sound effects finale, \\"Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast,\\" as \\"absolute rubbish.\\" Which leads me to one conclusion: artists are WAY too hard on themselves. The reality is, Pink Floyd have *nothing* to be ashamed of for this fine disc. I've always loved \\"Atom Heart Mother,\\" and it still remains one of my personal favorite Floyd albums. By this time, Pink Floyd had gotten even more experimental with their music, and, having been influenced at the time by the \\"symphonic rock\\" leanings of such contemporaries as The Who, The Kinks and Deep Purple, the Floyd decided to take a crack at it themselves, and came up with their instrumental magnum opus, \\"Atom Heart Mother,\\" co-written with avant-garde composer Ron Geesin, who had previously worked with bassist Roger Waters on the film soundtrack to \\"The Body.\\" The main section of this big classical/rock hybrid sounds like music for a western movie (which guitarist David Gilmour says was the original idea), decorated throughout with odd string & brass flourishes, occasional changes in tempo, and haunting choir voices (courtesy of the John Aldiss Choir). There's also an excellent funky little Floyd jam right smack in the middle (\\"Funky Dung\\"), and another section for experimental sounds & effects (\\"Mind Your Throats Please\\"). Does it all hold together? To MY ears, definitely. I think the music is very captivating, with the band delivering a top-notch performance (including some very strong guitar & keyboard work from Gilmour and Richard Wright, respectively), and Geesin's grand orchestrations and choir parts only enriching this daring work even further. The \\"Atom Heart Mother\\" suite may not be for everybody, but I think it's very powerful stuff. And, if nothing else, it's outstanding \\"practice\\" for the band's next epic piece, \\"Echoes,\\" destined for release on the Floyd's next album, \\"Meddle.\\"The mid-section of the album's sandwich is comprised of three songs: Waters' beautiful \\"If,\\" truly one of his best--and most personal--songs, Wright's golden contribution, \\"Summer '68,\\" and Gilmour's acoustic sparkler, \\"Fat Old Sun.\\" Finally, there's \\"Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast,\\" a three-part instrumental that's interspersed with the sounds of a guy eating breakfast and muttering to himself (\\"Marmalade, I like marmalade...\\"). One part piano, one part acoustic guitar, and one part rock piece, combined with sound effects so crisp and clear you can practically *smell* Alan's bacon & eggs on the grill, this track is just as bold as the epic title cut. It's arguably my favorite piece on the album, if only because it's so endearingly weird.As far as I'm concerned, Waters, Gilmour, Wright, and drummer Nick Mason shouldn't have a cow anymore about this album: \\"Atom Heart Mother\\" is a great Pink Floyd classic.
B00008H2LB|5.0|I love Linkin Park, but I didn't know how they were going to top &quot;Hybrid Theory.&quot; Well, they succeeded. &quot;Meteora&quot; is absolutely PERFECT. I cannot decide which album is my favorite, though, because they are both absolutely incredible. Linkin Park RULES!
B000001Y2U|5.0|I can't say enough about this album.  Maybe it's Twiggy's apocalyptic riffs, or Manson's sharp as dagger lyrics and insights, or maybe it's the brutally primal drum patterns....whatever it is, something about this Florida rock group's second full length album strikes a chord in any listener attentive enough to get what it's all about.  This is darkness put to music and it's done beautifully.  Death metal acts like Emperor and Cradle of Filth do injustice to the title.  Singing about vampires and Satan is not dark, it's goofy and tired.  Manson has been above such cliched themes from the beginning and he still is.  The concept here is complex and expertly crafted.  It's interwoven with themes dealing with drugs, sex, self destruction, obsession, religion, and the futility of trying to live a perfect life, and coupled with some of the most original sounding industrial noise of the nineties, it presents art the way art should be.
B00006ZCFH|5.0|THIS CD IS THE SHIZNIT AND YA'LL DON'T KNOW REAL MUSIC!<BR>GO TO MUSIC CLASS!<BR>ERYKAH BADU IS A QUEEN!
B00005JKN9|1.0|You know how every year, there are usually a few best picture nominees that are completely forgotten and when you look back on them you wonder why they were even nominated in the first place. Well, Gangs of New York is one such picture. I have yet to see The Hours or The Pianist (heard nothing but great things about the latter), but so far, I've been quite disappointed by the crop of 2002 best picture nominees. <br />The plot to Gangs is really quite simple. Leondardo Dicaprio plays Amsterdam Vallon, whose father was murdered in a gang war by Bill the Butcher (Daniel Day-Lewis) for control of the Five Points in lower Manhattan. Vallon, as a young man, returns to avenge his father's death, but becomes conflicted when Bill takes him under his care. There's also a lazily inserted love story that's purely on auto-pilot.<br />Gangs of New York is a film that's hard to categorize. Primarily, I'd say it's a drama, but a drama about what? The titular gangs are hardly given much depth or development, a surprise coming from director Martin Scorcese, the man who gave us Goodfellas. Almost as damning is the fact that Vallon's burning desire for revenge is hardly touched on (yup, after the prologue, we skip several years later). Instead, the movie often gives way to Dicaprio's love story with Cameron Diaz, and the two share the flattest romantic chemistry I've seen in recent years. Any scene just featuring these two is a pain to watch.<br />The opening battle sequence, while sufficiently brutal and violent, is a mess of a scene, looking more like a setpiece suitable for MTV than an epic drama. I'm talking about headache-inducing quick cuts, herky-jerky slow motion, cheesy wide angle shots, and extreme close-ups. Almost all the power of the scene is sucked out by Scorcese's odd directing choices. <br />Keeping the movie afloat and semi-watchable are Day-Lewis' performance as Bill and the production design. At least the film captures the look of the time period, if not necessarilythe feel (in all honestly, I'm not sure what the &quot;feel&quot; would be like, given that I've never actually seen a movie about gangs of new york set in the 1860's). Day-Lewis is fine in his role, shining comfortably while most everyone else tends to slink into the background.<br />Scorcese hasn't done much worth mentioning lately, his last solid film being Casino, which was a virtual remake of his best work, Goodfellas. Running at nearly three hours, Gangs of New York feels even longer than it is, probably the harshest criticism I could give to a so-called epic.
B00005JKEZ|5.0|Although not a perfect DVD transfer (then again, I've yet to see one), Warner has done a great job of restoring and remastering this classic from director Michael Curtiz. Errol Flynn was/is Robin Hood (you can dismiss Kevin Costner's poor performance out of hand)in this classic film. Basil Rathbone is the perfect foil for Flynn and Olivia DeHavilland an unmatchable Maid Marian. What's interesting is the fact that Alan Hale almost seemed to live the role of Little John; he played it a number of times including the original silent version with Douglas Fairbanks, Snr. Oh and we can't forget Claude Rains as the evil Prince John. What an amazing cast this film had!<br />The extras befit a king and they seemed to have been robbed from the vaults of time itself to give to us poor film lovers. Like the recent re-release of Casablanca, Robin looks great and has been graced with the type of extras we're used to seeing from Criterion and other specialty houses. It's about time that Warner (which has done a shoddy job with many releases in the past including their DVD releases of the first trio of Hammer horror films)got its stuff together!<br />Thanks Warner Brothers Entertainment for putting together a number of classic, classy titles the way they were meant to be viewed at home. Now if you could just recognize the other treasures in your vault (such as Horror of Dracula and 2001)and put together discs of similar quality, I'd be a happy viewer./
B00003CXXM|4.0|Matt Damon stars as Jason Bourne, a man who's found afloat in the sea with several bullets in his back. He's salvaged by a fishing boat and awakens to discover he has no memory of his previous life. After he recuperates, he heads to shore to find his true identity. With the assistance of a pretty German woman (Franka Potente), Bourne goes on the run with covert assassins trying to kill him and top government agents trying to cover their tracks.<br />The Bourne Identity is an interesting summer thriller. It's certainly not an all-out action blockbuster, as the previews might lead you to believe, but there are some terrific action sequences. What truly makes the film work is Damon himself, whose first bid as an action star is completely convincing and engaging. The movie nicely keeps us in the dark about his past, we know just as much as he does and eagerly anticipate every discovery he makes. <br />From a certain point-of-view, Franka Potente isn't useful except as a love interest, and on that level, her presence works. Not only is she a fine actress, but she and Damon share a palpable chemistry. Hopefully, she'll return in the sequel, and this series won't go the Bond/M:I route with a new love interest in every installment. Take note, Hollywood, steadiness and consistent relationships are always appreciated.<br />The Bourne Identity's premise is similar to The Long Kiss Goodnight's, but unlike that movie, takes its story seriously and aspires to work as both a thriller and a character-oriented drama, which it does. Once Bourne's past is revealed (not that it isn't that hard to figure out), the film loses a bit of momentum, but does wrap things up believably and in a suprisingly somewhat quiet fashion (compared to say, Bond, Triple X, or M:I).<br />For action fans, there's enough here to keep them satisfied, with the standout setpieces being an excellent martial arts fight set in an eerily empty apartment and an exhilarating car chase through the streets of Paris. I've seen at least two other films with auto chases set in Paris (Ronin, The Transporter) and this one's my favorite, even though it's also the shortest and features the least attractive car (a mini as compared to an Audi in Ronin and a BMW in The Transporter).<br />There are a few disappointments here and there, particularly Bourne's showdown with The Professor (Clive Owen), which concludes rather abruptly considering the huge build-up. Julia Stiles is also in the film, and her presence is rather distracting (I can't look at her without thinking, &quot;Hey, it's Julia Stiles!&quot;) in a role that could have been played by just about anyone. But in the end, The Bourne Identity succeeds because it rarely goes over-the-top (no megalomaniacal billionaires here), maintains an even tone, and establishes likeable characters and good storytelling.
B00000J7J7|4.0|My brother, a jazz composer, recommended this disc to me and I have since thanked him for it. Mehldau's contemplative sound challenges without resorting to the jarring and antagonist atonalism that many modern composers rely on to get your attention. If you like piano music, Mehldau fuses your favorites: the elegant simplicity of Satie, echoes of Chopin sonatas, Keith Jarrett's stylistic joie de vivre. The result is something original. Try track #2, &quot;Resignation.&quot; It sticks to you.
B00004TL21|5.0|&quot;Around the Fur&quot; may be the Deftones' best album, but &quot;White Pony&quot; comes pretty close to that category.  Unlike the previously mentioned album and their debut &quot;Adrenaline&quot;, &quot;White Pony&quot; finds the band getting more melodic with their sound while still maintaining a heavy edge.  Less rap/rock sounding than their previous releases and with slicker sounding production, &quot;White Pony&quot; is a treat for the ears.  Standout tracks include &quot;Digital Bath&quot;, the Grammy winning &quot;Elite&quot;, &quot;Rx Queen&quot;, &quot;Korea&quot;, &quot;Teenager&quot;, &quot;Pink Maggit&quot;, and the album's big highlight &quot;Passenger&quot; which features Deftones voice Chino Moreno singing with Tool/A Perfect Circle frontman Maynard James Keenan.  That song is worth the price of admission alone, and is incredibly haunting.  &quot;White Pony&quot; would be re-released later on with an extra track entitled &quot;Back to School (Mini Maggit)&quot; which is pretty much the same as &quot;Pink Maggit&quot; albeit a bit more rap/rock flavored and fast paced.  All in all, consider this essential listening, even if your not a hardcore Deftones fan.
B0000BYM3K|3.0|Brave New World was a much better CD. I think they were pumped up for that CD, with Bruce and Smith rejoining the band. The music was fresh and clever. This new disc is weak as far as material. They are still Iron Maiden so they obviously can play. Maybe after the tour it's time to take another break.
B0000057C5|4.0|&quot;Sehnsucht&quot; marks the U.S. debut of the German alt/industrial/metal band Rammstein in all their flame spewing glory.  When it debuted, &quot;Sehnsucht&quot; managed to go Gold thanks to the sonically hardcore metal guitar driven &quot;Du Hast&quot; which was actually a hit on MTV, but as the above Amazon review states, the best way to hear this band is live.  Other standout tracks including &quot;Engel&quot;, &quot;Tier&quot;, and &quot;Buck Dich&quot; are instantly listenable and actually pretty catchy, and while I myself am a big Rammstein fan and enjoy this album, I could never get over the feeling of this band sounding exactly like one would imagine a German Ministry cover band.  All in all, if you've never listened to Rammstein but like Ministry or better yey KMFDM, then you should definitely give this album a try.
B000002H6C|5.0|If you lived in the Fan District of Richmond, Virginia back in the early 90s, perhaps you remember that guy with the longish curly brown hair who used to prowl the neighborhood in a white Metallica And Justice for All t-shirt.  You probably saw him riffling through the used cd bins in Plan 9 Records or imbibing Cola Slurpees outside the 7-11.  He was probably fervently reading through the new issue of Metal Maniacs at the same time, wasn't he?  Most likely, he didn't say much to you.  He wasn't the friendliest sort - at least not until you got to know him.  He might even have showed up at your front door once or twice unannounced to ask questions about your marital status, children, and occupation - he did work for the R.L. Polk city directory back then after all.  Two hundred households a day - the guy could cover some territory.  <br />Still, not many people around Richmond came to know the guy owing to his lone wolf tendencies, but luckily I did.  And let me tell you right now, it wasn't false advertising when he wore that t-shirt - the guy absolutely loved Metallica, especially And Justice for All, which he considered to be their masterpiece.  I remember him more than once proudly citing a Washington Post review written when the album came out describing it as Wagnerian in its complexity.  Sure, he could talk your ear off about the subpar production on the album if you let him, but trust me, he absolute loved the album anyway.  Still does.  <br />I've heard the guy wax poetic about those first 4 songs on And Justice for All and how they might just be the finest 30 consecutive minutes in rock music history.  The guy doesn't spit hyperbole nor does he suffer fools gladly.  If you are going to engage him in a debate over the relative merits of And Justice for All and Master of Puppets, you'd better arrive booked up.  The guy was (and is) a metal scholar, reading up on all the leading journals in the field, the aforementioned Maniacs, the late, lamented RIP, Kerrang!, Metal Hammer, and several zines.  Back in the day, he often refused to stay out late on Saturday nights in order to get home in time to study Headbangers Ball.  I remember one cold winter morning I saw the guy sitting there shivering outside a Ticketmaster Outlet well before dawn, waiting in line to snatch up Metallica tickets for their upcoming show at Richmond Coliseum before it sold out.  Miserable as he looked out there on that curb, I'm sure there's no place he'd have rather been at that moment.  Hetfield was a hero to the guy.  Rumor is he named a monkey in some far away rain forest after the mighty axe man.<br />You might be sitting in your apartment in the Fan right now sipping from a wine cooler, listening to Burt Bacharach, and thinking, \\"That guy sounds like a total freak!\\"  Well, if so, then you need to take a good hard look in the mirror because you are the freak, not my friend.  You're the one with two copies of Is This It on your cd shelf, but no copy of And Justice for All.  Stroll down Cary Street all you want in your Julian C. baby-tee, the Fan was a cooler place a decade ago when characters like my friend called the neighborhood home.
B00005JKC3|5.0|The hulk movie is going to look good on dvd and this 2 disc set is loaded with bonus features.The following will be on this disc. <br />The Hulk Game-Now people with an xbox can play this game from the dvd.It will feature 1 or 2 playable levels as Banner and Hulk.This is just a sample so the whole game isn't on there if you want to play all levels you must get the hulk game.I think this is a good idea but it leaves people with a ps2 and gamecube out which I don't agree with.This is the first of it's kind to have the game on the movie disc maybe we will see it next year with spiderman 2.Incidently that game comes out before the movie.<br />2)The Making Of The Hulk Game<br />3)Deleted Scenes<br />4)Captured Fury-Scenes from the movie in comic book form.<br />5)The Ananomy Of The Hulk<br />6)Evolution Of The Hulk-This talks about Bruce Banner's metemorphis into the hulk from the comic books,television series and finally the movie.<br />7)Hulk Cam-This is like the feature in the spiderman movie.When you cut this feature on when you see the icon flashing during the movie and you highlight it you go to short featurettes such as special effects,cgi and other stuff.<br />8)The Incredible Ang Lee<br />9)Making Of The Hulk Movie<br />10)The Dogfight Scene<br />If you like comic book films on video or dvd this should be in your collection.It didn't have the action that spiderman had but when it did have action it really got you into it.To see Hulk jump,destroy tanks,punch missles,fight hulk dogs,fight the asorbtion man and to destroy things it's all worth the buy alone even if it didn't have the bonus features.Also if you like the hulk character don't forget to pick up the incredible hulk ultimate collection which will include 18 episodes of the television series 4 of which are 2 parters.This streets a week before the hulk movie.Even if you didn't like the movie look what it's done for the shows.Hopefully season boxsets will soon be announced.
0312958455|5.0|I just discovered Michael Connelly and am excited about the books I have left in this seris to read. I've read in a week, Blood Work, The Black Echo, The Concrete Blonde and finished The Last Coyote. I decided to post my review and my feelings for his work up to this point. Connelly is a refreshing writer and an author I waited too long to read. What I enjoy about the series so far is his protagonist, Harry Bosh, a flawed, lonely cop who has a standard for his job that he sticks by: everybody counts or nobody counts. Another strength of the series is the focus on solving the case, the politics within the police department and the level of violence in his novels are not as bad as some of the writers I've come across.<br /><br />In THE LAST COYOTE, Connelly starts off with slowly, with the decision by Harry to investigate a case that is personal to him. As he slowly goes over the case and starts asking questions, he stirs up a hornet's nest of trouble. I love Harry Bosch. He only wants to do what is right. This book started off slow and picked up speed after the first three or four chapters. The ending was a complete surprise. Bosch was warned that the case would do more harm that good and it does cost Bosch emotionally. If I had to describe this installment in the series, it would be haunting.<br /><br />If you haven't tried Connelly yet, this is not where you want to start. I usually don't read books in order but with the Harry Bosch series, I highly recommend that you do read them in order. My grade, A. Thank You Mr. Connelly. You are an excellent author. So far, THE LAST COYOTE is the best of the series thus far. Reading order is below:<br /><br />The Black Echo (1992)<br />The Black Ice (1993)<br />The Concrete Blonde (1994)<br />The Last Coyote (1995)<br />Trunk Music (1997)<br />Angels Flight (1999)<br />A Darkness More Than Night (2001)<br />City Of Bones (2002)<br />Lost Light (2003)<br />The Narrows (2004)<br />The Closers (2005)<br />Echo Park (2006)<br />The Overlook (2007)<br />The Brass Verdict (2008)<br />Nine Dragons (2009)<br />The Reversal (2010)<br />The Fifth Witness (2011) (one page brief appearance)<br />The Drop (2011)<br />The Black Box (coming November 2012)<br /><br />provided by Michael Connelly's website.he Overlook (2007)<br />The Brass Verdict (2008)<br />Nine Dragons (2009)<br />The Reversal (2010)<br />The Fifth Witness (2011) (one page brief appearance)<br />The Drop (2011)<br />The Black Box (coming November 2012)<br /><br />provided by Michael Connelly's website.
B00006ZCFH|2.0|I read some previews about this cd and to my amazement ....people were right!  This cd was such a disappointment for me...There is next to none of lyrics mostly instruments and her chanting.  I know that she is prone to switch up her style, but it's as if she's lost her voice on this one...No effort at all.  I bought this bootleg for $8.00 and I want at least six of my dollars back.  Don't waste your time with this one believe me when I say it is wack.  Sorry Erkya...call Tyrone and ask him if you don't believe me...
B000092ZYX|5.0|These guys are weird.  They seem to be in their own little world, I saw them on tv the other night and I was ready to say that they escaped from an asylum.  I saw the man who makes faces, &quot;York&quot; when he is singing (if it is needed to make such a nice singing well it's all forgotten).  And the man without a face, his guitarist always playing with his chin in the chest so we only see his scalp.<br />When I see them I get scared.  Not enough, they put lyrics that scares me too especially on &quot;OK Computer&quot; my favorite album e.g. &quot;when I am king you will be first against the wall&quot; the image is intense, an execution by shooting.<br />&quot;Where I end and you begin&quot; was and is still my favorite track.  I like the drum beat and all kind of angelic effects in it.<br />&quot;Myxomatosis&quot; come second with his desease beat.  Then the &quot;2+2=5&quot; for the way that song always moves to something different.  &quot;Go to sleep&quot; has nice guitar.  Finaly, &quot;Sail the moon&quot; with nice piano and mourning.  &quot;Glaoming&quot; is the one I don't like.<br />I started to buy all their albums 10 years ago but stopped at Amnesiac (they were getting to much in electronic).  Glad they came back to OK Computer style.
B000000OR9|5.0|I remember when this album was brand new.  Still have my old vinyl copy, and a CD copy.<br />It is too bad this record was not more successful than it was, because it would have put John in the spotlight he sorely deserves for his contributions to the Whitesnake album.  <br />But, what an album Blue Murder is.  John pulls off some of the most unbelievable guitar work in 'Valley of the Kings', 'Out of Love Again', and especially 'Ptolemy'.  'Jelly Roll' still gets my foot tapping to this day, and I have worn this album OUT listening to it over the years.  <br />Most people expecting a song to follow typical form, don't bother with this album.  The music is far more complex, but beautiful.  John's writing seems very against the standard verse, chorus, verse, chorus, guitar solo, etc.  <br />Carmen Appice &lt;sp&gt; and Tony Franklin make this trio one of the most memorable of the end of the metal era.  <br />Thanks for all the music, John.  5 out of 5......you're truly one of the greatest.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This album is equal if not better than the freshman album Mer de Noms. It seems like they are constantly wanting to take their talent and music deeper. The lyrics and music are not shallow like most of rock today.
B000000OPZ|5.0|This is one of the greatest 80's metal albums of all time, and one of the greatest metal albums of all time, period.  <br />My only beef with this album is that even today, people with long memories know this album well...but still give me a funny look when I mention the name John Sykes.  Folks, he was responsible for at least 50% of the music written on this album (I would say more than that, but I'm saying 50% to be PC....it depends on how you rate vocal writing).  I almost wretched when I saw the video for 'Give Me All Your Love Tonight', and noted that Vivian Campbell had actually RE-recorded the guitar solo for the video.  Folks, this album is all Sykes and Coverdale.  If you ever saw or see a video of Whitesnake from this album, those musicians had no part in the writing of this album.  <br />Coverdale and Sykes truly came the closest to pick up where Zeppelin left off and take it one step further.  No band in the 1980s can make that claim like this band can.  Sykes takes you on a sonic trip through heavy metal heaven.  He is arguably the master of the Les Paul, and quite probably one of the greatest and most underrated guitarists on the planet.  Coverdale's scorching vocals mixed with his and Sykes' talented songwriting abilities and Sykes' insanely expressive, bold and unique guitar playing.  <br />This album appeals to such a broad range of people with variating musical tastes...that is what makes it a gem; that was the beauty in its triumph when it was released.  <br />Coverdale, Sykes, thank you for this great piece of work.  I only regret the two of you had your differences and did not produce a next album together.  Because sorry, but Steve Vai joining your band didn't save it.<br />I recommend the first Blue Murder album, and the Coverdale/Page album if you are into this kind of music, and would like to hear more music that is similar.
B0000013GT|5.0|MAke it this one. This CD includes some great hits such as &quot;ATLiens&quot;, &quot;Two Dope Boys...&quot; and many others. Outkast is such a unique group in which they really put alot of art into each song from the rythm and song effects to the lyrics. <BR>Out Kast Fan for life..
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This is by far the greatest album of this year. I love Billy Howerdel, he is amazing. He is one of the most talented composers I have heard in a long time. Do I really need to say anything about Maynard James Keenan?? I think it is well established that he is a \\"godlike\\" musical icon. His vocals never cease to send chills down my spine. Josh Freese is wonderful too. I am very glad to see that James Iha is on board. I am still a huge Pumpkins Fan.(He is playing live, Troy recorded the album) Jordie, I am glad to see him too, I miss Paz though. You can't go wrong with all of these amazing musicians. Just like Tool. GO BUY THIS ALBUM! GO BUY IT! BUY IT NOW! GO!
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|This is typical of the unbelievers, taken directly from a previous review:  <br />PLEASE, September 26, 2003 <BR> Reviewer: Storm from Liverpool, NY United States  <BR>ok...i love art rock. i love any music that incorparates any sort of artistry...but it has to have some sort of groove! this has nothing...i've listened to it 3 times now and i still can't get a grip on why i should care? 5 stars? not even close.<br />Well Storm, I suggest you put the CD back in, jump to Gravity (track 12), put the headphones on, maybe dim the lights, and really give it a listen.  I think at the 3:40 mark you will begin to find a new definition of the word GROOVE.  Thirteenth Step is what happens when talent, production, and songwriting all come together at once, which is nonexistant in today's music.  APC is Maynard's feminine side, while Tool is his masculine; both bands are to be enjoyed by all, preferably LIVE on stage.  Josh Freese may be the best drummer on the planet (with a shout out to Danny Carey); both men are the backbone to their respective bands.  This album is the perfect headphones CD, one where you print the lyrics, follow along and just go someplace else.  It will take a full headphones listen to truly appreciate this album.  Do not try to get into this CD driving to work and shaving while flipping off the fool next to you.  Sit down, eliminate all other distractions, put on the headphones, and let it come to you.  Blue, The Noose, The Package, and Gravity (best track) are highlights, and well, if you need to GROOVE check out Pet and The Outsider.  Storm and the few naysayers just don't get it.  They may just have to go and GROOVE to their uninspired, unoriginal nu-metal drivel that fills the Wal-Mart shelves.  Go ahead, buy that CD that in 2 years you put in the player and go &quot;what the hell was I thinking??&quot;  The rest of us will be at our nearest APC concert or merely listening at home, grooving to a timeless masterpiece.
0385504209|1.0|This is perhaps one of the most embarrassingly stupid books ever conceived. Not only is information concerning da Vinci's art inaccurate from an art historical standpoint, as confirmed by the Times, but the book's vicious attacks on Opus Dei are so far removed from reality as to make the book libelous. The author can't get simple unrelated facts straight either-- Robert Hanson never had a \\"much publicized trial,\\" there was in fact no trial at all, he simply plead guilty. There is no space here for the countless egregious errors in this book.
B000066NW0|4.0|...but I really dig Avril's CD.  Is that strange?  I don't care for her baggy pants/skater attitude, but the music is great!  Funny as it sounds, Sk8ter Boi is my favorite song on that CD.  There are few CDs that I can listen to all the way through, but I can this one.  Whether you're a fan or hers or not, the music is really catchy and ejoyable to listen to.<br />By the way, I'm 37.  I can stil enjoy new music!
B00005JKJA|5.0|Provocative, mind numbing thrill ride that really puts you though the loop. Nothing is what it seems in this film, and you need to watch it several times in order to get the general idea that David Lynch is trying to put forth. Naomi Watts and Laura Elena Harring give great performances as two women trying to solve a mystery of identity and destiny in the city of angels. Take nothing for granted in this film because once the rug is pull from under you, you will need to connect what you saw earlier in order to figure out what is happing before you at the moment. David Lynch is really back to form with this super sleek thriller and this is with out a doubt the best film he has done since his classic Blue Velvet.<br />Watch it and be amazed.
B00005AQAW|5.0|A brilliant album from one of the best British rock (indie rock) bands. This album has everything a great album should have and more, it is truly a masterpiece. The song Buck Rogers was absolutely huge in the UK and really helped to promote and sell the album, fortunately that was the only single to be hugely overplayed. Every song is absolutely superb, especially We can't rewind and Turn, which in my opinion are two of the best Feeder songs. Anyone's music collection that doesn't contain this cd is incomplete. Feeder ROCK!! especially echo park!
B0000AZJXQ|1.0|There is nothing on this cd that grabs my attention. I've listened to it several times and I just cant get into it. Mer De Noms is good but this cd is is plain boring.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|If you like the first album, you'll love this one.
B000000OQF|5.0|This is, by far, the best rock album ever.  I originally bought this on tape, which broke from a decade of overplaying.  So, I upgraded to cd.  To this day, it's in the changer in my car, and I blast it shamelessly like I was some IROC driving mid-80s teenager.  <br />There is not a bad song on this album.  I was always partial to &quot;side two&quot; though...starting with the song &quot;My Michelle.&quot;  &quot;I think about you&quot; is a really great song, with some great backing acoustic guitar.  &quot;Rocket Queen&quot; is the best overall, with an awesome shift in attitude mid-song.  And who can forget &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine&quot; with what I believe to be the best guitar solos ever, done by the master of the strings, Slash!<br />When this was voted best rock album ever by Rolling Stone, it was the one and only time I agreed with their opinion.  Any and every rock fan should own this cd.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Linkin Park's first CD &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; was the year's best-seller when it came out. It did that for a reason. After listening to the CD I determined it was the single best CD ever recorded. This is compared to other great bands like Disturbed, Limp Bizkit, Taproot, etc. Unfortunately I was somewhat mistaken. After the release of Meteora, Hybrid Theory became the second best CD ever recorded. I am not counting Reanimation because that CD was mostly remixes (although it should also be bought). Why buy this CD? Well, first, here is why the main reasons not to buy it are false:<BR>1) The music hasn't matured since Hybrid Theory, or it moved backwards: Well, I'm a musician, and Hybrid Theory gave me a goal to work toward as a percussionist. But when I heard the stuff done in Meteora, it was mind-boggling. Not just how complex the rhythms are, but how seamlessly they blend with the guitars/synthesizers. Also, the thought behind the lyrics is in-depth, and fits the mood of the CD. There is not as much rampant screaming as there was on Hybrid Theory, but the lyrics have really matured.<BR>2) They're imitations of other bands: If so, I would have to respond that Linkin Park does such a good imitation that they have surpassed the bands they attempt to imitate. Also, from their interviews it is obvious how much work they put into the CD to create an original sound and theme. <BR>3) There is no 3.<BR>OK, but what about the songs themselves? &quot;Somewhere I Belong&quot; has a great intro, the rap fits perfectly with the theme of the song, and Chester really belts the choruses, cutting through the instrumentals. &quot;Don't Stay&quot;, which opens the album. acts as a transition from the band's earlier albums (external anger) to the theme of Meteora (the subject trying to understand himself). &quot;Faint&quot; is probably the best song on the album, a heart-pounding 130 beats-per-minute emotional roller coaster with great scratch guitar and probably the best performance by Mike Shinoda. &quot;Nobody's Listening&quot; has a intriguing Japanese flute background mixed with synthesizers, Chester's emotion really brings this song to a new level. This song, track 11, represents how much this band has branched out: There was nothing similar to this in Hybrid Theory. If I write about the other songs, I might run out of room, so I recommend you buy the CD to find out for yourself, particularly for &quot;Easier To Run&quot;'s monster Guitar-con-Chester chorus.<BR>It's only 30 minutes.....but it's 30 perfect minutes
B000002UAU|4.0|I bought this after I had Beatles One for a couple of years. It was also the first album from the '60s i bought.<br /><br />First of all, the sound quality is awful! EMI did a slipshod job reproducing this album for CD. Makes it pretty bad to listen to on headphones. Whats sadder is that it detracts slightly from the songs. Makes it pretty bad to listen to on headphones. I still don't know how the songs sounded on original vinyl release. I wasn't around for the original release as I wasn't born yet. What got me even more upset is that they changed the song order, as stated in the liner notes. Why? Who knows? But when I buy a cd I want to hear it as it was intended to be heard. Especially if its a concept album of sorts. That's one of my biggest pet peeves.<br /><br />Okay now on to the actual album. I think the album is good, a bit uneven.<br /><br />The songs are good. Not great, but good (with the exception of the masterpiece A Day In The Life). She's Leaving Home is the one of the only low points. It becomes skipible after a couple of listens. I think this version of Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds is one of the tracks that the EMI's new slipshod production has actually hurt. Along many of the other tracks. Which is a major shame because it sounds like it could be such a pretty song.<br /><br />The way I see this album is that its the first album to have all this innovated studio wizardry (on original release; as I mentioned, the EMI production has hurt it considerably). It's probably not the beatles best, but it's one of their most ambitious and one of the most ambitious record of it's time.<br /><br />I suggest to a person just starting to discover the beatles (as i am still), go for the compilation One (even though the production isn't better).
B000053VAF|1.0|This movie is all over the place. It can't decide whether it wants to be Time Bandits or The Prophecy.  Silly humor is mixed with horrible violence and serious themes in a way that can only be described as........puzzling? There are two possible movies here, and they just couldn't decide which one to make. I was not offended at all, but merely bemused at the complete incompetence of the people who made this, when I wasn't bored to tears that is. I have to go back to Dune to find an equally poor offering.  My greatest fear was the the movie itself was going to go on for eternity. I found myself rooting for the bad guys to end all existance. Do yourself a favor and avoid it. I'm sure you can all find better things to watch.
6302797519|5.0|one of the top ten movies i've seen, and i've seen alot.  starts off slow but wait until the movie truly accumulates.  toug to watch without choking up, a truly powerful movie.
B00009XITQ|4.0|When I saw the previews for this movie my first response was to avoid it at all costs. &quot;Too Silly,&quot; I thought. Later, after reading reviews I decided to go with my 40'ish friends and our daughters. Somehow the silliness turned into serious fun! <BR>What a cute movie! The music is great and can be appreciated by many generations. The energy coming from the screen will vibrate your smile and giggles. The female lead's character is basically a good role model. The PG rating seems to come from a few suggestive phrases. This is not one to spend much time critiquing... just enjoy it! Take a friend!
0385504209|1.0|What a piece of anti-Catholic psycho-babble junk.  The author attempts to fuse feminism and mysticism with a conspiracy run by the Vatican.  My wife gave it to me for Father's Day and I worked my way through it hoping something interesting would happen.  My sister then gave it to me for my birthday and I refused it.  The writing is terrible.  If this is what the popular novel has come to it is another sign that the apocalypse is upon us.
B00000373U|5.0|Attaining brilliance with this wistful, sentimental, gem of an album, Elliot Smith is the perfect soundtrack for perpetual loneliness.  He has this philosophy that I've actually taken to heart.  Rationalized relationship-phobia.  Goes a little bit like this:<br />I don't deserve to be loved, yet I yearn for it all the time because we live in a culture that brainwashes us into thinking that we need a better half to be whole.  But do we?  And what if it happens to me?  Actually experiencing love can be a shocker that can make every thought a paranoid analysis.  What do I do now?  How do I act?  Why the hell does this person love me, let alone LIKE me enough to spend all this time tolerating my personality?  Do I really trust this person not to hurt me?  And if he does, should I contemplate taking anti-depressants like everyone else to achieve some level of normalcy and balance instead of becoming so bummed out I can't even see the bottom of my wine glass?  If love makes us ultimately miserable, why do I always long for an end to loneliness?<br />Elliot Smith is the undisputed master of this neverending cycle of thought.  &quot;Nobody broke your heart.  You broke your own 'cause you can't finish what you start,&quot; the classic lyric on ALAMEDA, is more reflexive/universal than offensive.  Listen to the lyrics, and adopt the philosophy.  Maybe there will finally be hope for the rationalized relationship-phobe in all of us.  Or maybe we'll continue to wallow in our lonely confusion.  Either (/or) way, this is an amazing, intense, beautiful acoustic album that makes my top ten every time.
B000002L9W|4.0|With Eat 'em and Smile, David Lee Roth's first full-length solo album, Van Halen's former front man proved he didn't need Eddie and the guys behind him to rock the house.  Of course, his new band members deserve a lot of credit for making this album sound as good as it does: guitarist extraordinaire Steve Vai, talented bassist Billy Sheehan, and drummer Gregg Bissonette.  There are more than a few echoes of vintage Van Halen in these ten tracks, but in the end this is really and truly David Lee Roth at his best.  While the comic and campy aspects of the persona he built around his earlier EP release Crazy From the Heat also showed up here to party, David Lee Roth and his band basically came to the studio to rock hard and heavy and have fun doing it.<br />Yankee Rose, featuring some killer riffs from guitarist Steve Vai, gets the album off to a driving, heart-pumping start.  This track, which I consider the best of Roth's career, is followed by Shyboy, another metal classic that some fans may be unfamiliar with.  Roth takes the show down a notch or two with the catchy but pop-oriented track I'm Easy.  Then there is Ladies' Night in Buffalo?, a track which some critics have pronounced Roth's most artistic song; I find it rather boring, myself.  Roth perhaps feels the same, for he quickly shifts back into overdrive and pumps out three hard-driving rockers in Goin' Crazy, Tobacco Road, and Elephant Gun.  After reaching this mid-album crescendo, though, Roth coasts some of the way to the finish line.  Big Trouble is relatively unimpressive except for its noteworthy bridge, and Bump and Grind is rather forgettable altogether.  Roth really closes the album out in style, though, belting out his cover of That's Life.  The song may be a little over the top and it is certainly flamboyant, but the same can be said of David Lee Roth, and that is why That's Life is the perfect way to close out Roth's first major solo project.  The album is too short, coming in at barely thirty one minutes in length, but there is a lot of good rock and roll crammed into these ten tracks.
0062502182|5.0|This was a tremendous book as it was recommended to me by a friend. It is a very simple book to read. It's about a simple story of a shepherd and that he has a dream about a treasure in the pyramids.  Coelho tells a simple story but he's also trying to convey a smiple message. Other than what he's trying to say, you can interpret different ideas for your self about life. Basically, if you truly believe in something, will power, is the strongest force in the world for us. If you really want something, you will and can achieve it. Don't be fooled by the treasure that he is looking for. I can't tell you why because it would give it away. There was quote in this book which I always remind myself of, &quot;fear of suffering is worst than suffering itself&quot;. Other than being a just a novel, if you're a deep thinker, a philosophic thinker, then you will enjoy this book. It's the MOST POWERFUL book I've ever read in my life and it has changed my perspective on life, for better. When you finish reading this book, as yourself this question, &quot;What's my treasure&quot;. Once you read it you will know what I mean.
B0000041DF|4.0|If you translate speed as 'firestorm' and 'rollercoaster ride' etc, as has been previously noted, and if you look for mainly rollercoasters and firestorms in the music of Rachmaninov, then<BR>you will likely very much enjoy this cd. If, however, you require an expression of the Rachmaninov sensibility that can also be found in his other works, then it is my opinion that this interpretation is lacking in that area. Argerich does very well for herself and the music in the slower passages of this concerto, expressing the insight to Rachmaninov that she seems to lose sight of in the bravura passages. It also seems to me that she creates a bit of a muddle when she gives equal balance to her left hand where, in my opinion, the right hand should take precedence. This occassional lack of balance does not at all seem to be a technical error, but rather an interpretive one which results in the loss of sensibility and emotional continuity throughout the piece. Well, in any case, it is gratifying to see some of the reviewers take so much enjoyment in this recording. My only wish is that, in their enthusiasm for Ms Argerich' interpretation of the R3, they would not seem to exclude other interpretations that take a different perspective on the music(specifically the fine Ashkenazy). As to the Tchaikovsky: Although the engineering is lacking in self evident<BR>ways, and with the exception a hard to ignore klunker in<BR>the opening sequence of the concerto, Argerich does fine work<br />and shows the panache needed in this Tchaikovsky showpiece.
B000002L99|1.0|I am NOT a Sammy Hagar fan. After buying 5150, I was reminded why. After going home and locking myself in my room, I put 5150 in my cd player. Instead of the usual womanizing hard rock that I had come to love, I was greeted with Sammy Hagar screaming &quot;Hello, baby.&quot; Please. After immediately skipping that track, the truth had set in - I had bought a poor man's Van Halen album. Why Can't This Be Love? Maybe because you're responsible for writing I Can't Drive 55? I listened to a few seconds of each song before taking 5150 out and wondering to myself, &quot;What the hell was I thinking?&quot; The cd gets one star because after hearing a preliminary version of Why Can't This Be Love, David Lee Roth left the band.
B000001GQQ|2.0|The Prokoviev 3rd is played in Argerich' usual performance style:<br />she practically trips over the notes in order to get to the next one. Nuance, emotional interpretation are nearly non-existent (except for those who equate musical interpretation and emoting<br />as the production of speed on the keyboard). Prokoviev obviously<br />expected speed where it is called for in this piece, but I hardly<br />think that he would have enjoyed his music being trampled upon. Even the expert downhill racer appreciates the style of his craft<br />and wouldnt consider himself a better skier if took the mountain<br />on a ski jump.
B000068QY7|5.0|Oasis, first off, is my all time favorite band. Though I do give this album a 5-star rating, I must also let you know that I am critical of Oasis even with the bias. Standing on the Shoulder of Giants was a weak 3 at best, probably a 2 1/2 star rating in my opinion. There was one great song on it, some good ones, but most I just couldn't listen to. That said, Heathen Chemistry is excellent. Hindu Times is a great hook piece, with Force of Nature bringing in a great second push. Stop Crying Your Heart Out is fully worthy of its Ivor Novello award, which Noel one for songwriting that piece, and Liam's a lot better lyrically with his contributions of Songbird, Born on a Different Cloud, and Better Man. Different Cloud I believe is the weakest song on the disc, but I did hear it live and have found a much better appreciation of the song. Gem Archer's contribution of Hung in a Bad Place is just a great, tough, rocking song. It just is a great, well, rounded, musically tight disc that should be included in many music collections. This is their best showing since Morning Glory. (Be Here Now rocked though, too.)
0385504209|4.0|I must admit, this is the first review I've ever written. What prompted me to do so was reading the other reviews on Amazon about The DaVinci Code, I'm referring to the bad reviews specifically. It seems some of these reviewers take their reading so seriously that they forget there is a difference between FICTION and NON-FICTION. They are upset that Brown doesn't get all his \\"facts straight.\\" Just for the record,  here is the dictionary definition of the word FICTION: An imaginative creation or a pretense that does not represent actuality but has been invented. Perhaps Brown isn't 100% accurate in all his descriptions of the Holy Grail and the history of the Catholic Church, etc, etc. So what? The truth is, he does a masterful job in suspending belief in the readers mind so that you can't help but get wrapped up in his tale. Isn't that what a good fiction is supposed to do?<br />The only fault I find with the book is that Brown's characters are too \\"cookie cutter,\\" and his plot is too \\"tight.\\" In other words, too much formula. But even that can be forgiven. The bottom line is, it is a page-turner. And just for the record, if you ever studied any of the many non-fiction books out there about the alternate history of Jesus' life and the Holy Grail, you'd find that Brown has enough facts straight in The DaVinci Code to not only make the book believable, but to open the eyes of those readers who aren't so anal retentive to insist that he get every fact straight.
B00008H2LB|1.0|Oh come on people.  Don't you see what this poor excuse for a band is doing to you.  They're doing the exact same thing that they did with hybrid theory.  They real you in with these songs that sound catchy at first.  But they get REAL old REAL fast.  Besides it sounds exactly like their other stuff.  Wheres the change?  Wheres the evolution?  Everyone knows truly great bands try and reinvent their musical sound every album so that they aren't just recycling the same thing that people have heard before.  They also do this so they can improove as musicians. Of course what would linkin park know about being musicians.  Yeah nice job with those whole three chords.  Loosers.  Do yourself a favor and pray very hard that linkin park encounters the same &quot;bus trouble&quot; as alien ant farm.
B00006JJ1O|3.0|While I sit here, listening to the cd, i see that there is really nothing special here.<br />1. Not Gonna Get Us- Its a good song.  It is a good way to open the album, but, its alot more music than singing. 4.5/5<br />2. All The Things She Said- Good song.  You should recognize it.  If you dont, than let me say its a good song.  You will like it. 5/5<br />3. Show Me Love- Believe it or not, this is my favorite song.  The begining is very stupid with the telephone call, but the song gets really good.  I love this song, I wouldnt be able to tell if it would be a single or not. 4/5<br />4. 30 minutes- Not  a good song.  I dont think there is a whole lot of elements that let it shine.  Its a slow song, but its really confusing with its concept.  30 minutes is how long this track seems like it goes. 2.5/5<br />5.  How Soon Is Now- A cool track.  The music is very edgey, the lyrics arent that great, but the music is cool.  I have to say though, it isnt a great song.  It will spark some intrest the first time of listening, but, you may get sick of it. 3/5<br />6. Clowns- Hmmm, what to say about this song.  Its very odd, and isnt a single.  It isnt very well developed, but its very interesting to listen to.  Its an alright track, but, it may blend in with the other songs on the album.  Not very great. 3/5<br />7.  Malchick Gay- Oh my god, how annoying.  It sounds like chipmunks singing, and it is so awfully written.  Not good at all. 2/5<br />8. Stars- Very enrapturing, but stupid.  WHats up with the rap thing in it?  I dont like it, and i dont think you will either.  2.5/5<br />9. YA SHOSLA S UMA 4.5/5<br />10. NAS NE DAGONIAT 5/5<br />11 Show Me Love- remix- I dont like it.  It is better as it was.  They shouldnt taint it. 4/5<br />12. 30 minutes- How many times on the album can you repeat songs?!!! This is not at all special, and is a wiast of a couple minutes. 1/5
B00007E8V4|4.0|System of a down have the most creative lyrics of any metal band-ever.This is a collection of previously unrealeased material from &quot;System of a down&quot; and &quot;Toxicity&quot;.According to an interview at MTV.com(they actually have metal on their web site!)Serj said theyd written to many songs for the album said theyd appear in the future(this was at the realease of Toxicity).Guess what? They did!!! First thing I wanna say is that this is no outtake or b-label material.When Serj said it could of made it on their last albums,he wasnt joking! The first single BOOM!,is amazing (when they play it Much and MTV,you cant really hear the verses because of System talking to angry parading protesters about the Iraq conflict.But behind it, when you buy this album there wicked cool!A.D.D and F**k the system are also stand out tracks. A.D.D because of the amount of energy in it, and F**k the system because of the strange but catchy verses.The reason why this on got a 4 and not a 5 is because of the following:Nu-Guns sucks,the songs are pretty short compared to the other albums and Serj's vocals are a bit mellower than before.Other than that this is a gem in any heavy metal collection.Favorite songs:Boom!,F**k the system,A.D.D,Mr.Jack,Bubbles,Innervision.
B00003CX9Q|5.0|Okay, I have to be honest. In 1982, when Steven Spielberg's E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial first came out, I was not impressed. I thought it was just another science fiction film, and I really didn't see what was so special about it. Never mind that it was the biggest box office draw of its time; I also skipped out on Star Wars until I was introduced to that series three years ago.<br />However, after watching the 20th Anniversary Edition on the 2-Disc Limited Collector's Edition recently, I now understand why this movie touched the hearts of millions. Unlike most aliens-from-space movies, E.T. was about a gentle botanist who is stranded when his ship has to flee from government investigators. Frightened and alone three million light years from home, the little alien befriends nine-year-old Elliott (Henry Thomas) who is coping with the recent separation of his parents. Elliott enlists the aid of his older brother Mike (Robert McNaughton) and younger sister Gertie (Drew Barrymore) in an attempt to keep him hidden, not only from their mother Mary (Dee Wallace) but also from the mysterious government agent Keys (Peter Coyote).<br />Because nearly everyone knows the story by heart, I just want to focus on what caught my eye about this heartwarming movie. First, the scenes early in the first act where we see Mary's house overrun by Mike's group of role playing buddies. When I saw that, my mind went back in time to my eldest son's 16th birthday party when his friends stayed the night; they didn't smoke inside the house like the kids in E.T. do, but the house was a mess! Second, I was absolutely taken aback by how quickly Elliott overcomes his initial fear and completely bonds with the strange-looking alien. To see this kid who's still hurting with the loss of his dad accepting E.T. without regard to what he looks like or where he's from -- that's what made me realize just how good this Steven Spielberg family classic truly is. <br />Adding to the magic of Melissa Mathison's endearing screenplay are beautiful special effects (updated slightly yet wonderfully with CGI visuals by Industrial Light and Magic for the 2002 edition), a brilliant Oscar-winning score by composer John Williams, and fantastic performances from every cast member, especially from Thomas, McNaughton, and Barrymore. Those three really made me believe that they were siblings caught up in E.T.'s adventures on Earth.<br />This Universal 2-Disc Limited Edition release contains both the 20th Anniversary version with the digtal retouching and restored scenes and the original 1982 theatrical version in a single, reasonably priced package. Its special features include an introduction by the director, footage from the live performance of an orchestra performing the score as the film plays, and a reunion of the cast and filmmakers, who give their insights on the film and its legacy.<br />When you watch the scene where Elliott is &quot;drunk&quot; in his science class while preparing to dissect some frogs, listen carefully to the teacher's voice. The actor who made this uncredited cameo should sound very familiar, since he made several films directed by Steven Spielberg.
B000067CPX|5.0|As 1999's CALIFORNICATION proved, the Red Hot Chili Peppers' rehiring of guitarist John Frusciante was the best thing they could possibly have done after 1995's ONE HOT MINUTE was perhaps their first creative blunder since 1987's UPLIFT MOFO PARTY PLAN. It was the biggest seller since 1991's BLOOD SUGAR SEX MAGIK, and with an album that was not even the raunchy wonder that BSSM was. It made sense because the Peppers were now into their mid-30s, and it was time to act like grown-ups. For 2002's BY THE WAY, the maturation continues, but not at a sacrifice of the band's integrity.<br />While ONE HOT MINUTE had been rather diverse in its way with experiments away from their signature funk-rock, it seemed more disjointed than anything else. BY THE WAY is also quite experimental with no song sounding exactly alike, but it sounds as if the Peppers have more of their hearts into the various genres they explore. So basically, it might be the successful departure that ONE HOT MINUTE tried & failed to be.<br />As the subject matter begins getting less sophomoric & more introspective, the Peppers' sound has taken on a more melodic & even ethereal nature. The first single \\"By The Way\\" was actually the biggest hit, peaking in the pop top 40 (if not the top 10 success of the previous album's \\"Scar Tissue\\"), but perhaps the band is all right with that at this point in their career. Nevertheless, it is a beautiful song that manages to caress the ears along with making the listener dance around. This is also one sign of the band's harmonies becoming more of a factor in their music. \\"Don't Forget Me\\", the second single \\"The Zephyr Song\\", \\"I Could Die For You\\" (maybe their best near-love song since \\"Breaking The Girl\\"), \\"Tear\\" (probably Anthony Kiedis' best, most wondrous vocal ever!) & the closing \\"Venice Queen\\" are other tunes that will surprise long-time Peppers fans & maybe even win over some new ones. \\"Tear\\", in particular, is literally jaw-dropping in its beauty, especially with the Beatlesque horn solo in the middle.<br />Even with the softer approach to some of the songs, BY THE WAY still has tunes where the Peppers can still kick it out. The third single \\"Can't Stop\\", the slight synth-pop of \\"Throw Away Your Television\\" & \\"Minor Thing\\" are signs the band can rock out when they want to. The big difference from their more famous songs is that the curses have been done away with for the most part, perhaps showing the Peppers can create a great, funky groove of a song without feeling the need to cuss every other word.<br />However, the real wonders to be heard on BY THE WAY are where the Peppers depart almost completely from their signature sounds into territory that's literally undescribable. These include the absolutely pretty soundscape of \\"Universally Speaking\\" (when I get my iPod, this song is going on it, for sure), the brooding \\"This Is The Place\\" (perhaps a better version of ONE HOT MINUTE's \\"Warped\\"), the fourth single \\"Dosed\\" (call it overly pop, but I love it), the string-driven \\"Midnight\\" & the psychedelic oddity that is \\"Warm Tape\\". Maybe all of these experiments don't work completely, but you gotta applaud the Peppers' efforts. The Latin sounds of \\"Cabron\\" & \\"On Mercury\\" are ones I'd like to hear the band explore more in their later work. They seem to have a knack for creating this kind of stuff.<br />It's been almost 20 years since the Red Hot Chili Peppers first introduced a small audience to their groundbreaking blend of rap, funk & metal. While the sound may have been intriguing, the actual lyrical material was wishy-washy at best (one song could be a complete beauty, the other a train wreck). Starting with CALIFORNICATION, the Peppers began to put lyrical substance higher up on their list & creating less frenetic music to go along with it. BY THE WAY is not only their most diverse & experimental album yet, but I'd even venture to say that it's the most accomplished one of their career. Maybe growing up was the best thing that could happen to the Red Hot Chili Peppers because instead of running out of gas as they reach the big 2-0, they're simply entering into another era of musical innovation.hat could happen to the Red Hot Chili Peppers because instead of running out of gas as they reach the big 2-0, they're simply entering into another era of musical innovation.
B000001AFY|5.0|My personal favorite from The Boss. The first 3 tracks are killer. The incredible song Love Hangover written by Pam Sawyer and Marilyn McLeod is worth the price of the CD alone. <BR>This classic stood the test of time.
B0000C7PRY|5.0|I have long been a Neal Morse and Spock's Beard fan.  When the Beard released their new cd, I was let down.  It was obvious that Neal's presence was missed.  Now that Testimony is here, I remember what I love so much about Neal's music. Neal has a way of taking you on a musical journey.  With Testimony we get awesome musicianship along with moving lyrics.  Testimony leans more towards a Transatlantic sound rather than Spock's Beard, but it is different also.  The album is heavy in orchestration.  It is very powerful.  The lyrical content is really good.  Neal is telling his personal story and tetimony of how he came to know Jesus.  Some have said that it is churchy, but since this is the things that he has experienced in his journey, he must express them how he saw and felt them, be it churchy or not.  I am very impressed and excited.  If you are a Neal Morse fan, you will not be let down.  If you are looking for great music with a great message, then check this out!
B00006ZCFH|5.0|You can't please everyone and judging by some of the reviews for Erykah's Worldwide Underground EP, there are alot people who have only one concept of what music is about and that's sad. The music on this EP is different. But I like that because these days, everybody sound the same because they want a hit. But Erykah being Erykah don't care about hits. She is trying to re-defined music, so it can last 50 more years. 20 years from now, this EP will be more respected. Now for a run down:<br />1.\\"Intro / World keeps turnin\\": a very nice vibed out beat with Erykah just flowing. Nice.<br />2. \\"Bump it\\": Old school mixed with new school. On this track, Erykah sings about how she appreciate the love that she gets from her fans and how music make her feel. Nice groove to listen to at all times. <br />3. \\"Back in the day\\":  Erykah sings about the good days in music on this track and Lenny Kravitz guest stars on this track. Very 80s-like. This track took me back.<br />4. \\"I want you\\": This track in TOTALLY different for R&B. I haven't heard an R&B track so different since the 70s. Basically, all Erykah is singing is \\"I Want You\\", but the WAY she sings it is a real treat. The production on this is crazy bangin. I describe this as an electronic-R&B-funk track.<br />5. \\"Woo!\\": I really LOVE this track. What you see is what you get, as far as the lyrics are concern. But I played this jam at a party and the WHOLE place went..WOO!!<br />6. \\"The grind\\": I like this track, but its not an Erykah's track (IMO). However, I love the message of this song.<br />7. \\"Danger\\": this track is HOT! I listened to this track 3 times before I got the message of this song. The beat is instantly addictive and the chorus will stick in your head. Very clever song. <br />8. \\"Think twice\\":  jazzy with nice scatting! Very funky track.<br />9. \\"Love of my life\\" (worldwide): a bangin' remix featuring  Queen Latifah, Bahamadia, and Angie Stone. All three represent hard on this track. This remix samples \\"FunkYou Up\\" by Sequence. An excellent remix, but I still like the original better.<br />10. \\"Outro / World keeps turnin\\": The ending of track #1.<br />Keep in mind that this is an EP cd (which is rare these days). Artists used to make EPs all the time and on those EPs, they experimented. Each song was on average 8 minutes long. This is Erykah's way of paying tribute to those artists who inspired her to do music. Don't hate because she is trying to take music to a new level.
B00005A46T|5.0|Slipknots 2nd album, (not including the self released Mate.Feed.Kill.Repeat.) IOWA is simply amazing. They take thrash metal, add deep voices and where creepy Haloween masks. So, whats the big deal? ALL TELL YOU WHAT THE BIG DEAL IS!THEY ROCK!!!!!! The only downside is the piece of crap 15 minute title track entitled Iowa. Reason:IT DOESNT ROCK. Other than that this albums pound sound! From the amazing I am hated, to the slower Skin ticket.THIS ALBUM ROCKS!!!!!!!!!Favorite songs:I am Hated,Metabolic,My Plague,Heretic Anthem,New Abortion.
B00009V7P8|5.0|The unfortunate result of hype is that expectations are raised to such a fever pitch, the artist in question becomes an inevitable letdown. <br />This -- thank God -- is not the case w/ Damien Rice. <br />This is the closest thing to instant love I've felt for an album in a long time. <br />The Amazon review is absolutely right -- Rice's maturity is startling. He successfully rides a sophisticated line between accesible and challenging material. His work is unabashedly emotive, but always sincere. The depression is exquisite, and so is the beauty. <br />Absolute yum.
B00004SZWD|5.0|This has to be the greatest recording ever in human history. This album will probably remain my all-time favorite for the rest of my life. After almost 30 years nobody has come close to its brilliance. When you play this album you are listening to God through Stevie
0739307312|5.0|Yes, there is a plot and the characters, and the heroes but it all takes a secondary place to the history of civilization and religions.  Frankly, I was not thrilled by the plot but I did not care.  Plot was just the background for the real story. I knew bits and pieces of what Dan Brown presented in the book but I have never saw this information so well put together.  How did he do it?  He made no mistakes in his information and the assesments of it and the real history supports it.<br />Yes, all religions are full of questionable wholes.  You read the \\"Holy\\" books and you have problems to digest them.  But when you ask a question, the answer would take you back to the mystery of God.  Why is the mystery?  Was there an explanation?  If it could be explained, why was not it?  If it could not be explained, did it really happen as we were told?<br />Yes, all religions, over the years, were \\"cleaned up\\" and \\"adjusted\\" in accordance with the specific situation, culture, historical events, the local customs and the desires of the rulling class.  God always helped to rule.  God always help the rullers to keep the rulled under control.  No, God had nothing to do with any of the \\"Holly\\" books.  People wrote them, people compiled them and people enforced them.  How many people died a violent death because of these books and because of these intrapretations of what God said and what God meant and how we should serve him.  Or, is it her?<br />Dan Brown collected the wealth of information and he presented it extremely well.  Read it and think of what it said or did not say.  Thank you Mr. Brown.
B000003TBP|4.0|Beck's good. You have to give that to him. A nice album, though for a more melodic form of inventive rock I'd try Ed Harcourt. Of course this album doesn't hold a candle to either the works of Portishead or Radiohead in terms of quality. Still a nice effort.
B00008H2LB|1.0|I will tell you LP fans like it is, this is not rock its not even rap. This is just techno with more words.If you want a REAL album get PANTERA,METALLICA,NIRVANA,ALICE IN CHAINS, OR DISTURBED.NOT THIS GARBAGE.  All you Limp Bizkit Wannabes can't keep up with the words so u go to this pansy music if you want HIP HOP/Metal go get Rage Against the Machine.
B00005RFAI|1.0|Oh boy where to begin. It is pretty hard to take an artist seriously when their main claim to fame is their hair color. JEM she ain't! Her music is atrocious and her whole image is based on being this bad girl who had it tough in high school. Others of us had it rough too, but we chose to grow up. She ends the album with a song entitled &quot;My Vietnam.&quot; Pink you weren't even born then, how do you know what Vietnam was like? You sure aren't no Peggy Gravel! In &quot;Don't Let Me Get Me,&quot; she desperately tries to come off as some tortured teen who is hated by all. If she was anything like that then as she is now, then i believe it! A genuine crazy like Courtney love would so kick her rear! Might I also suggest she invest in mole removal.
B00006879E|5.0|I love this CD is soo great!! the songs are awsome!! This is an awsome CD can't wait to go to their concert!
B00008PX8P|5.0|Led Zeppelin is the greatest rock band ever. Period. This 2-DVD set proves it, without a doubt! It's historical yet it seems like a current event. Jimmy Page, Dick Carruthers and Kevin Shirley all did a masterful job restoring the soundtracks and fluidly matching them up with the film clips. Truly a labor of love! DVD #1, At The Royal Albert Hall, captures Led Zep at their rawest! Plant's voice is booming and Page wails on the axe! Check out Bonzo during his Moby Dick drum solo. His wrists are as thick as logs! He just bangs away effortlessly! Unbelievably, this is just the opening salvo. On to DVD #2, Madison Square Garden and outstanding performances of Black Dog, Misty Mountain Hop and The Ocean. Next is 1975 and Earls Court, and in my opinion, the best part of this DVD package. The acoustic set of Going To California, That's The Way and Bron Yr Aur Stomp is truly magical! This was the original \\"unplugged\\", a full 15+ years before MTV's idea! At this particular concert, Led Zep's performance of Stairway To Heaven is the best I've seen or heard in all my years of being a fan! Watching Page play that double-necked guitar, solely created for the purpose of playing their masterpiece live, is a life altering experience! :) Next is 1979 and Knebworth, England. The footage from these concerts turned out to be Led Zep's final performances but the band was still bringing their \\"A\\" game. Nobody's Fault But Mine just plain rocks the house! This DVD set, with all the extras, is definitely a must have. If you want a historical perspective documenting the purest form of rock and roll, this Led Zeppelin DVD is it! Baby Boomers, buy it, then make your Generation X, Y or Z kid watch it! They'll never go back to the [stuff] that's out there now, I promise!
B00005YW4H|1.0|How I ponder the state of the world for it is surely near the end.  The time is right for the antichrist to reign.  The henchmen of darkness gathered in their gloomy abode chuckle at the ease with which the masses are stoned. To prove their point, one omonous devil reveals a scheme so daring it surely could not succeed. &quot;My brothers, this will break all the rules,  for I can prove humans are complete fools.&quot;  &quot;I have an artist, boring and stail, who I will promote along a golden grammy trail&quot;.  As the music plays, the demons howl.  &quot;Surely, our power is great, but people are not so stupid to make this artist's fate&quot;.  Alas, they were wrong.  The ignorant masses lead like sheep bought into this artist who induces sleep.  Yes, it is the twighlight of civilization to be sure. The devil laughs as the aweful jazzy music drones, for they made fools of all who bought into Nora Jones.
B000002JNJ|5.0|This album is as good as it gets I've been a Pantera fan for a while now... and man was I blown away.The two best songs are Cowboy's From Hell and Cemetery Gates. If you like RHCP,PEARL JAM OR SOUNDGARDEN, don't bother ,but if you like, <br />    Metallica,Nirvana,Iron Maiden,Black Sabbath or Alice in Chains get it!!!!!!!!! Slipknot,Soulfly and Linkin Park SUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00001IVOR|5.0|I just want to let you ALL know, Wu-tang clan has never &quot; fallen off&quot;? What you are calling &quot; Falling&quot; is simply the Wu-tang style metamorphasis.  Let me break it down for all yall... If you have been a Wu fan for a while you will reconize what im talking about.. but heeeeeeeeeeeeere we gooooooo....<br />Their first style- probably the most trademark, The Kung-fu sampled, dark/ chamber style beats introduced by the infamous Rza. There are many examples of this - Enter the Wu, Cuban Linx, umm Liquid Swords, Pillage ( yuck).. anyway- this seems to be the most popular, and definetly was reconizable.  The rugged beats with dark lyrics seemed to have faded away...<br />2nd style - THIS album - kind of their inbetween, its very weird, i can't really have a grasp on the sound they were going for on this album, we really caught them in the midst of experimentation - you can tell by such songs as, Older godz, Triumph ( kinda), MGM, Cash rules, Projectz especially, they were slightly leaning toward glamour and MGM type apollo sounds ; lyrics werent rugged, more of a ghetto pride, superior black supremist who obtains the glitter and glamour of money and respect --- SIDE NOTE: if you want to see the final result of this style, check out Ghostface killah - supreme clientele ( wow, great album- good job ghost)<br />3rd style ( cuz i only got 1,000 words)<BR>now i like this the best, RZA did more experimenting with Soul, mo-town samples, with that classic Wu-sound mixed in... kind of hard to explain but you can see examples with &quot; Hollow Bones&quot; off &quot; the W&quot; and RZA - &quot; Be a man&quot; he kind of slowed down the beats, and made the lyrics more rugged like the first style, but it sounded tight mixed in with the samples.  <br />Bottom line - What would you have rather seen Wu do, Experiment with their style, change it up a little, possibly break up into numerous solo projects and develope individual sounds....<br />OR simply sell out to theice shattered, female degrading, mainstream pop that has now taken the name Rap??
B00005A46T|5.0|SLIPKNOT F*CKING RULES!!!!!!!!<BR>i used to like rap and suff, but as soon as i heard slipknots self tiled cd i was HOOKED on metal! and of you who say they have no talent, have u HEARD joey jordison play he drums!?!?!? hes amAZING. BUY THIS CD!!! YOU WONT REGRET IT!!<BR>(although i personally think their &quot;slipknot&quot; cd is better)
B00008LDPU|3.0|A couple of the cartons are qute good; almost good enough to outweigh the wasted time on the bad ones.
B00006BTCA|4.0|Smart, elegant, a mix between alternative 90's with 80's, which it can't be bad at all. If you wanna get your mind off of some of the usual rock nowadays, definitely stop by the record shop and pick this one up. Who knows if it will end up being your album of the year. Only one way to find out.
B00005JLSE|5.0|I rented this for my wife.  She is musically inclined and enjoys musicals and is a very good sport as I make her sit there through movies like &quot;the Scorpion King&quot;.  I generally hate musicals and was not really looking forward to watching this at all, but did so in the interest of marital bliss.<br />It is actually really good.  My biggest beef with musicals is that I often can't pay attention while the singing is going on and thus, have no idea how the singing is advancing the plot.  Not so in this movie...you can follow what is going on in the singing portions.<br />Also, I'm always a sucker for anything that is visually interesting.  I can't imagine how much work went into the choreography, training of the actors, lighting, etc.  It is really something to look at from a visual point of view.  Very stylish and different.<br />Last, the characters....  They are all really cruddy folks.  Two killers, a slimy lawyer and a corrupt wardeness.  Guess Roxie's husband is not a slime-ball.  This isn't a group of folks that you really wish success for, but they do come out okay in the end.  The story is kind of how slimeballs can overcome the system which isn't great.  You definately wouldn't want to show this to 10 year old kids.  BUT...that being said...I like action movies with stuff blowing up and monters/aliens...who cares about plot and character development.  In this movie you can just kinda tune out on the plot and enjoy the show.
B00008DDSC|1.0|This movie is a waste of time and money.  I'd advise watching the antiques collector show - geriatric special before seeing this.  You still want a copy... here, have mine.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|When I first picked up this album, I was slightly confused. Was THIS what I had waited 3 years for? I Actually sat down and listened to it though, and it eventually grew on me. I love that they actually made a cover of a Failure song, &quot;The Nurse Who Loved Me&quot;, I didn't see that coming. I also like &quot;Vanishing&quot;, &quot;The Noose&quot;, and &quot;Pet&quot;. Overall, I am not disappointed. I am impressed, and I just hope the Maynard and the new lineup (Twiggy Ramierez from Marlyn Manson [Bass] and James Iha from The Smashing Pumpkins [guitar]) can keep it up.
B000002BBY|5.0|Like a journalist once said &quot;Getting tired of London is gettng tired of life&quot;, thats how I would characterize this album. Get tired of Oasis's &quot;(What's The Story) Morning Glory? means getting tired of why music, was created. This originally Manc band shows us why britpop is still around and should stay that way. This album offers more than what you can expect. From start to finish you can't possibly yawn not one second. With &quot;Hello&quot; as the albums starter with a nice intro and a rocky beat, to the ending of this goddess work with &quot;Champagne Supernova&quot; (not to mention Liam's voice is outstanding and Noel's guitar playing is amazing) proves that Oasis has been and will be one of the greatest bands in the whole world. I don't think it can get better than this. If you do not own this album yet, then you've missed alot of what can be considered the greatest album of the 90's and possibley one of rocks history, and if you do own this, then cherish it with all your being. This is a must of album that we must play it to our children and our children's children.
B000002LCE|4.0|This is a good effort by Dio but definitely missing Guitarist Vivian Campbell, Craig Goldie plays well and his solos are good but... Vivian is missing on this one!All the fools sailed away is the best song on the C.d followed by the title song. I think there are too much keyboards on this one, the  album comes through  a little too polished.<BR>But the  ElfMan always cometh!<BR>DIO FANATIC<BR>Latiffa.
B0000C7PRY|3.0|First, I will start off by saying I've been a huge Beard fan since \\"The Light\\" (their first CD). Neal Morse has always been an inspiration to me , as a prolific songwriter and musician. He has created, IMHO, some of the best prog work in recent times with \\"Day For Night\\", \\"Kindness of Strangers\\" and \\"V\\". I was dissapointed with \\"Snow\\", in terms of lyrical content and song structure...I found the \\"2 hour format\\" as sounding forced at times. Neal's solo effort \\"Testimony\\" , continues along this path. Only now, Neil's new found Christianity, is his central theme.This disk needs to establish an identity- it struggles at times between brilliant prog and light Christian music, but does not really do justice to either.....I think Neal should deliver his messages of faith in a Christian Music focused product and still produce creative prog pieces ala \\"Healing Colors of Sound\\", \\"Flow\\", \\"Stranger in Your Soul\\" etc....Not sure Neal's new \\"Testimony\\" is clear to all of us.
0060245867|5.0|As a teacher I can tell you first hand that children love this book. The children want to hear it over and over again. All of Laura Joffe Numeroff's books are great hits with the kids. I give her books away as presents because I know the children will love them as much as I do.
B00008MLSH|5.0|Anna Netrebko is a very rare soprano who possesses a magnificent voice coupled with great beauty. Under her carefully guided, unrushed career, she has at the relatively early age of 31, sung in every major opera house in the world and is becoming increasingly sought after by every major opera house.  This spring she debuted in Vienna and received seven curtain calls. A critic in Vienna wrote,<br /> ?New York, Munich, London, Milan, Washington, Madrid?all of them have had the chance to get to know the miracle from St. Petersburg. Last year she was the highlight of the much-discussed production of Don Giovanni in Salzburg. With her Traviata she has now conquered the Vienna Staatsoper as well...It really isn't a stretch to use the word 'miracle. Here one singing actress brought together everything that opera fans could hitherto only dream of. A young woman of confident appearance, in every moment completely present in the intelligently conceived, deeply moving interpretation of a character caught between joie de vivre, destructive love, and the gripping proximity of death. And all of this constantly attuned to the vocal side of her interpretation: faultless technique, perfect coloratura, a substantial soprano voice full of dark-hued luminous power in all registers. Next to that her richly shaded coloration made every emotion believable. She was radiant in joy and confidence, passionate in outbreaks of love, empty in deeply moving moments of despair.&quot;<br /> Die Presse (Vienna), April 4, 2003<br />Recognizing that Ms Netrebko is well on her way to becoming a major opera star, last year, Deutsche Grammophon signed her to a five CD contract and this is the much anticipated debut album. They pulled out all the stops and gave her the Wiener Staatsopernchor and the Weiner Philharmoniker as accompaniment.. It does not disappoint.  Each of the 9 arias were carefully selected to show Ms. Netrebko?s beautiful and powerful vocal instrument to its fullest. This is a very intelligent singer.  Her personality also shines through. We have Mozart, Berlioz, Massenet, Donizetti, Bellini, Gounod, Dvorak and Puccini. Each listener will have his own favorites. It is 63 minutes of absolute joy. They have set a very high standard and I will be curious to see how they will be able to top this debut album.  This CD will become a collector?s item and I urge everyone to become acquainted with Ms. Netrebkoligent singer.  Her personality also shines through. We have Mozart, Berlioz, Massenet, Donizetti, Bellini, Gounod, Dvorak and Puccini. Each listener will have his own favorites. It is 63 minutes of absolute joy. They have set a very high standard and I will be curious to see how they will be able to top this debut album.  This CD will become a collector?s item and I urge everyone to become acquainted with Ms. Netrebko
0786915749|5.0|I'm virtually speechless where Dragons of Autumn Twilight, by Margret Weis and Tracy Hickman, is concerned. I'm just beginning to read it... for the fourth time... if that says anything about how good it is. I guess I'll lay it down in order.<br />1. Amazing Characterization- Weis and Hickman describe, but not over describe their characters. You get to know them gradually and aren't told things about them directly. For example Flint is allergic to horses, this is never told to the reader directly by the author but in the very first chapter Flint sneezes and a horse rides out of the brush, again he sneezes constantly during a wild ride with a herd of centaurs. Also the characters are not completely 'good' with maybe the exception of Strum, the Knight. Raistlin has evil tendencies, and Caramon will do anything, and I mean everything, to protect his brother. Some characters you don't 'meet' in this book. But they are spoken of excellently so that when you meet them you feel as if you knew them already. This is probably the best part of this book. The people within it are like real people. They have limits and fears and problems just like the rest of us... well, theirs consist of dragons and evil gods but you get the idea.<BR>2. (I'm only on 2 ?!? I'll make them shorter I promise)Beautiful Setting- Very, nice places are in this book and though I love Tolkein he does get a bit long winded on setting. You can tell that Weis and Hickman know Krynn. They describe very well the quirks of this land. It is a real place when you read, every detail you can imagine and it's wonderous to be able to see such a place in your mind.<BR>3. Devious Plot- I loved the way this book flows. Each event rolled into the next and it never got too cliche for me. Sure, it started in a tavern but what good adventure story doesnt begin around ale? The book was riddled with smaller conflicts all adding to a general build fully emcomapassed by the 3 books of the DragonLance Chronicles. The mortal villans are believeable in their actions and motives and the immortals have motives that are just as power-hungry as the mortal villan's and their descicions are just as fickle it seems.<br />To wrap this rant/review up... I highly recommend this book... I enjoyed it so much the first time i read it again and the best part is that each time i read it i come to appreciate the true art that it is... Don't pass this by it's more than worth the $7.99 I paid for it and you can probably get it cheaper online so bonus! <BR>Alrighty, enjoy
B0000BYM3K|4.0|Iron Maiden is back again. Well, after some listening I have to say that I like that! Almost. The main problem is the sound which I simply hate. Even back in 1960's records had better sound and it's 21st century now... It's not only engineering, it's actually whole producing process, I suppose. I agree completely with one fellow reviewer who asked: Where is Martin Birch when he's so needed?<br />Songs itself are OK. I love the title track and Paschendale! True, you find nothing glittering or extremely new here but I do like these tracks, bit oldfashioned as they are. This is unquestionably Iron Maiden and sometimes it's good to find that not everything in this world won't change so easy. Is it my nostalgia (I've been fan since Powerslave, so it's almost 20 years now :-) or something else, I don't know. But I do know that in nearer future I will definitely listen this disk a lot.<br />So, in a word, this disc is not bad. Not at all!
B000084T18|1.0|50 cent is poor lets face it the only good songs he has done are how to rob and its your birthday the rest are poor. e.g 21 questions and pimp those are the two most comerical girly songs eva he shud be ashamed of himself whata looser. every1s like 50 cent hes the biggest thing to come out well all i hear about this poor is how many times he got shot liek i give a dam.he hasnt produced an album which is close to that of real hiphop legends like biggie,snoop,nas maybe you should all stop going along with the public.if 50 cent did a poo on a record ud probably think it was good cos a bunch fo 12 year olds are singin along to it in the street. you guys make me sick all of you why dont you go listen to black eyed peas aswell or maybe b2k you loosers. get a good music taste this album is pooooorrrrr
B0000AR8NK|4.0|All though this cd has many pleasurable moments, it has its flaws namely that Gabrel Reeves is absent. Gabrel brought a rawness with finese to the cds he work on with David. Earthling and all three Tin Machine cds surpass this cd. I have been a fan of Bowies for thirty plus years. Bowie music works best when he abandons the tecno sounds he used on Scary Monsters and Outside. The rare cover of Harrison song try some buy some is a tribute. It is probaly Georges worst song though and David adds nothing to it. This cd will probaly work better live, stripped of it's slick production.
B000066NW0|5.0|I love this CD!  The best song on it is I'm with you.  It has such a good beat and good words compared to Rap CD's where they cuss and use insults in them.  It always gives me chills when I hear that song &quot;I'm with you&quot;  I listen to this CD a lot when I'm on the bus going to places and it makes it more enjoyable too.  The other songs are good too and I don't care what others say about her not being good, she is a good artist and always will be.  Keep up the good work Avril and you're so cute too :)
B0000B3FCX|4.0|Nickelback was one of my favorite bands at one point, but after their overplayed success with Silver Side Up I found my self not listening to them as much, I got this cd only half excited and thinking mabye I should wait or save my money for Korn next month, but after I got home and played this album a few times I was 100% satisfied.  Here's my track by track review:<BR>1) Flat on the Floor - (9/10) Great hard opener, awesome for speeding at night with you friends<BR>2) Do this Anymore - (8/10) Nicely peiced together, my bet is this will be their next single<BR>3) Someday - (5/10) This just isn't my type of song, and it sounds to much like their other radio stuff, sounds like it should be on one of those evil &quot;Now&quot; cds my sister likes.<BR>4) Believe or Not - (8.5/10) Has a Papa Roach sounding guitar riff, good hard rock sound<BR>5) Feelin' Way too Damn Good - (8.5/10) Has an Aerosmith ballad sound to it, I remember first hearing this song on the Nickelback Live at Home dvd when Chad was making it up as he went along (bonus footage), I guess he ended up liking it.<BR>6) Because of You - (9/10) Great angry sounding song, I wish my band wrote this first.<BR>7) Figured you Out - (9/10) Cool almost comical lyrics and good chorus.<BR>8) Should've Listened - (5.5/10) They need to stick to the hard stuff, sounds to much like a country song.<BR>9) Throw Yourself Away - (7.5/10) Cool guitar sound with nice little slide solo, but alittle repetitive.<BR>10) Another hole in the Head - (9/10) &quot;Old Enough 2&quot;, but Old enough is one of my favorite Nickelback songs, so thats a good thing<BR>11) See you at the Show - (9/10) Gets better every time I listen to it, mabye surpases &quot;Good times Gone&quot; off Silver Side Up, which in my opinion is one of the best closer songs ever.<BR>12) Saturday Night's Alright - (9/10) Clever, and nicley executed<BR>13) Yanking out my... - (8.5/10) Another one that just keeps getting better<BR>14) Learn the Hardway - (8/10) Different sounding than any other previous Nickelback stuff.<BR>As for individual instruments, Drums, great with plenty of little fills to keep you entertained. Guitars, being a guitar player myself I'm a bit on the critical side this albums pretty much barre chord paradise and slide solos galore with occasional finger taps (Saturday Night's Alright), I like how each song seems to have a different distortion.  Bass, nothing special just follow the lead stuff.  Vocals, Chads got a great grunge rock sounding voice that definitly stands out here. Hope my review helped.  (I gave it a 4 because I never give anything a perfect review) I think I might still like &quot;The State&quot; better, be sure to by that one first if you don't own any Nickelback yet.
B00005JH9W|5.0|'Freaks' is the only movie that I know of that gives people with such deformities the opportunity to show that they are not monsters but people, with the same desires and feelings like any one else. I found Todd Browning to be very compassionate in how he portrayed the circus people in this film. Its not a documentary thus the very strange and surprising shock ending. <BR>Consider this also, it is a good example of how small groups of people must bind together to survive in a hostile world. It gave me the opportunity to show my children that they're not monsters and should not be feared.<BR>The word 'exploitation' is so worn out today. Some think that unless you're 'defending' some 'minority' group you're not being 'compassionate'. They probably made a few bucks (nothing wrong with that, they apparently didn't have much to begin with- filmed during the Great Depression I believe), and probably had a lot of fun doing the picture(nothing wrong with that either).<BR>Can't they for once in their sad lives be portrayed as real people?! Maybe they WANTED to be in the picture? Exploited at the circus, probably. But where do you go in a world where very few people would stand to look at you?<BR>'Freaks' gives them a human face. 'Freaks' is one of the most compassionate horror movies I have ever seen. Thanks for your time.
0893815187|5.0|This book is simply breathtaking.  I honestly look through this book two or three times a week and it never gets old.  The photographs are very truthful, which make them all the more great to look at.  Every photo taken by Mann pictures one or all of her children playing and being what we all were once... children.  When I look at this masterpiece I am immediatly blasted into the past, remembering how I would do all the same things as the Mann children are pictured doing.  From laying around naked in the sun, to swimming in the creek, to even cutting my head open and having to get stitches.  Mann gets all of this on film, and her children will love her all the more for her doing this for them when they are older.  This book is perfect for your coffee table, and I almost always find that it brings up group remanicing when others start looking through it.  Do not miss out on this book for you collection.  It is wonderful.
B00005JLRT|1.0|Wedding party scenes were very boring...so boring that I didn't even notice that Wesley Crusher was in this movie until reading the end credits. Why bring in Guinan if she's not going to do anything useful? What about Chief O'Brien if you were just going to do the cameo thing?<br />Total disaster as far as the portrayal of Romulans--they started out as a really interesting alien race with admirable traits in the original series (anyone remembering Mark Lenard's portrayal of a Romulan Commander in the original series knows what I mean)--sure didn't feel too sorry for them with this installment. Why the decision to favor the Klingons over the Romulans (instead of keeping both actively in the mix) is beyond me.<br />I really only liked Data in TNG series out of the entire crew, Picard was so wimpy as a Captain, Riker was all of Kirk's BAD character traits rolled into one character, Troi and Crusher were awful whiny women characters  throughout the series (both of them could have been gotten rid of in this movie, and it wouldn't have bothered me as a woman). Geordi LaForge was pretty much relegated to being Data's on-call repairman. And they couldn't get rid of the Wesley Crusher character fast enough in the series, imho--only the Ruthie character in 7th Heaven is more annoying--so why bring him back for the movie? And don't get me started on all the fraternizing that went on in this show--these are supposed to be military people, folks!<br />The whole Data subplot, however, was a real cop-out--gee, how many of these prototypes are we going to find scattered throughout the universe? Since he was an adroid, why is this movie the only time we see him hanging out in a vacuum?  Don't you think he'd also have been very useful doing critical outside repairs when every second counts? It takes time to get in pressure suits.... <br />I get the impression from this movie, and also the new Enterprise series, that the WRONG people have gotten hold of this franchise and are just running it into the ground for the money. They figure that no matter how bad a movie is, as long as the Star Trek name is on it that there is an established core audience that will watch it, buy the stuff at the conventions, etc. Time travel has been done to death, the Borg keep getting dragged out I suspect because they were expensive enough to set up as an alien race that they want to get their money's worth.  We saw more than enough of them in Voyager, really.<br />As bad as the first original cast movie was, and the fifth, at least the original crew of Kirk, Spock, McCoy et al had some real chemistry. It was such a shame not to have made more movies with them earlier.<br />Bottom Line: If you are a die-hard Trekkie you might want to see this movie, or if you really like TNG over the original crew. But I would rather watch Star Trek V than this one again. It isn't as bad as Star Trek I with the &quot;Nomad&quot; plot, but that's not saying much.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|I really don't know how you can accurately descirbe something so flawless and do it justice at the same time.  from start to finish this c.d. does not fail to keep you sucked in and does not let you go until that annoying couple seconds where you actually have to come back from your mind-trip and press play again.  The melodies, harmonies created here are quite possibly the best to be put to a record in the last decade.  Absolutely amazing!  And yes...the vocals, the vocals are sooooo awe-inspiring.  Maynard NEVER ceases to amaze me with his amazingly powerful yet, hauntingly beautiful voice.  Just when i think he couldn't do any better, he comes along and outdoes his previous performance, be it TooL or APC.  This IS the Album of the Year!  But, dont take my word for it, find out for yourself.
B00005JMGL|5.0|I, of course, have not seen this movie yet, but i do think it looks promising. I first heard about it last night while watching coming attractions last night. Anyway i sound stupid so I'm just gonna say that it looks awesome, and of course Jason Isaacs is going to rock the parts as both Mr. Darling and Capt. Hook. I'm also VERY glad that they are not going to do a \\"fluff and stuff story\\" and actually based it on the book.
B000002MP2|5.0|I've heard this album ever since 1994 when i was in elementary , but i still love it and every day i listen to it i love it even more, green day is obviously the best pop-punk ever, no matter what some say this is not a sell out album, that is after with warning, (i kinda like it though), but Dookie is the best known green day album, this one includes songs that everyone has heard at lest once but some of them(idiots) never knew who sang the songs! anyway this is totaly awsome and a must own for anyone who appreciates good music, best songs: FOD, When i come around, she, basket case and Sassafras Roots (i wonder why many people hate it..??) Go and buy a used Dookie, and have fun with it, do not expect serious content. Finally i'll say what makes this album one of the best of the 90's, it's simplicity!!!
0425170349|3.0|Rainbow Six is pure rubish if you want geopolitical realism; however, the action has a more or less authentic feel to it. The action is intense and all together fast pace. Lots of detailed research about the weapons and tactics was present. However, the plot was somewhat ridiculious. I highly doubt that the enemy in the story could pull off something like that without being caught (esp. since its not even a country). Also, it seemed a bit glorified about the Team, which was composed of mainly, surprise, Americans. All in all, a decent story with lots of action and little plot.
B00008O31H|3.0|Yes, it is a good album, and they get alot of comparisons to the White Stripes, but I think the White Stripes are alot better, this band's music tends to sound the same and it's very monotone, the White Stripes are more energetic.
B00009L1TA|3.0|Not a bad movie, but once again, Hollywood strikes out again, in its portrayal of the military.  <br />To educate the movie watchers out there who don't know much about the military:  There are no female infantrymen OR Rangers in the US Army.  There are no women in combat arms fields either.  Watch the movie for its twists and suprise ending, but bare in mind, the babe in the jungle never could be a Ranger.
B00008J4P5|5.0|I saw them live on the 23rd and it blew me away!!! Jack White's guitar playing is fairly simple in some parts but his leads are extraordinary! I love Meg White's drum style, it seems very childish and silly-which is a good thing to me, it is impossible to say what song is the best on the album-they're all good!!
B00006JJ1O|5.0|I LOVE THIS CD!!<BR>I will now rate them according to my thoghts.(you may dissagre).<br />DISC ONE<br />1. NOT GONNA GET US 10/10.<BR>2. ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID 10/10<BR>3. SHOW ME LOVE 8/10<BR>4. 30 MINUTES 6/10<BR>5. HOW SOON IS NOW 9/10<BR>6. CLOWNS 7/10<BR>7. MALCHIK GAY 10/10<BR>8. STARS 8/10<BR>9. YA SHOSLA S UMA 10/1O<BR>10.NAS NE DAGONIAT 10/10<BR>11.SHOW ME LOVE REMIX 8/10<BR>12.30 MINUTES REMIX 6/10<BR>13.NE VER NE BOISIA 10/10<br />DISC 2 (DVD)<br />1. ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID (VIDEO) 10/10<BR>2. NOT GONNA GET US (VIDEO) 9/10<BR>3. HOW SOON IS NOW (VIDEO) 9/10<BR>4. BEHIND THE SCENES WITH JULIA AND LENA PRT1,2,AND 3 (DOCUMENTARY) 10/10<br />INCONCLUSION THE CD IS GREAT!<BR>note: the dvd mentioned avobe comes on special products.
B000092Q4U|5.0|I absolutly love this cd,  it is a relentless attack combining death metal with speed ,thrash, and abstract melodys.  Very unique style, a truly refreshing dose of metal.
B0000024JN|5.0|I bought this album after hearing the mediocre Northern State compared to someone called the Beasite Boys.  I knew the beasties were white jewish rappers from way back, but not much else.  Now, after about a day and half with Licensed to Ill, I'm beginning to become a fan.<br />I can't believe this was released in 1986.  These songs haven't lost any relevance over the last 17 years.  Fight for Your Right was their biggest hit but it's not the best track on the cd.  The infamous Paul Revere, which mentions doing the sheriff's daughter with a wiffle ball bat, is very slick and I can't get Brass Monkey out of my head.  <br />These white, middle class, jewish boys made the first ever mainstream rap album and one of the best ever.  Yeah, they were brats and wiseasses, but their music was better for it.  The best frat-house party album to date.  One of the best damn albums period.
B000002J09|5.0|Led Zeppelin's Zoso is a smash. This could possibly be one of the greatest albums in the history of rock. It's right up there with Pink Floyd's &quot;The Wall&quot;, the Who's &quot;Who's Next&quot;, and Styx's &quot;The Grand Illusion&quot;. Each song is absolutely amazing.<BR>1) Black Dog-catchy guitar riff that gets stuck in your head easily...Robert Plant's vocals shine here.<BR>2) Rock and Roll-most noteable here is the drum work of John &quot;Bonzo&quot; Bonham, one of the greatest drummers of all time.<BR>3) The Battle of Evermore-Jimmy Page shows his skill for the first time on the album, with his excellent playing (kinda sounds like a mandolin). Robert Plant's falsetto is quite good.<BR>4) Stairway to Heaven-This is Zeppelin's masterpiece. Beautifully constructed guitar work by Jimmy Page and stunning vocals by Robert Plant prove this...it's worth the 8 minutes.<BR>5) Misty Mountain Hop-very reminiscent of the Beatles...again, another guitar riff that gets easily stuck in one's head.<BR>6) Four Sticks-the name of this song shows you just how good of a drummer John Bonham actually is...he uses four drumsticks in this song, excellent use of 5/4 time<BR>7) Going to California-the only song I don't really like as much as the others...Page's acoustic work and Plant's vocals don't mix well together in this song.<BR>8) When the Levee Breaks-another of Zeppelin's masterpieces...Jimmy Page does it again here by proving just how astounding he really is. Bonham's drum riff is an easy one to remember in this song. <BR>With that, I leave it to all of you, the public. GET THIS ALBUM! It's worth the money for only 8 songs. Plant's vocals may take a bit of getting used to, but after you ease into it, you will find that this album will take breath from you.
0786125071|5.0|Just hearing about his time in Concentration Camp was very inspiring and amazing. Even in those conditions, those who found meaning and future in their suffering were able to live. I like how he puts it, If you break your neck, don't let it break you. <br />CASE FOR:     I was very impressed with a lot of the information he provided, my favorite is on success. The whole book unfolds beautifully. He touches up fear, love, sexuality and clears up some of the distorted views, explaining why we miss certain targets in life. <br />CASE AGAINST:     his answer to man's meaning is no true meaning at all. He provided example of a man who thought he was going to be released on a certain date, and so he lived for that date. But when it didn't happen, he got sick and died. So he was saying how we need a meaning, a goal in life. He was pointing how we each have an earthly meaning to fulfill. But that example contradicts him and proves how foolish it is to put a meaning in earthly things, here today and gone tomorrow. And when they disappear, so does your meaning to life. Yes, man creates a meaning to life, but just like everything else man builds, it is temporary and deadly
0967984602|5.0|I read the book, and immediately wanted to build an oven.<br />Wonderfully written and easy to follow. It was so easy in fact that i was able to build my oven, with the help of my 10 year old son over the summer. Man hours totatled about 30. I will now build a friends oven as a surprsie next weekend! IT is that easy!<br />Read this book and you too will realize that you can indeed built your own oven, easily, cheaply and with fun for all involved.<br />*Build your own Earth Oven* is simply AMAZING!
B0000028UK|5.0|I love this CD. There are so many good songs on this album. My favorite one is Dissident. But there are a variety of other good songs on the album. Much more than the CD, I ABSOLUTLY LOVE VINYL (IK-+SAL-+UP-+YASD-+NI-+L). The tracks have a more rich sound. Everything is much better about the Vinyl.
B00004KD1L|5.0|Let's see &quot;groove&quot; To take great pleasure or satisfaction; enjoy oneself: just sitting around, grooving on the music. <BR>To be affected with pleasurable excitement. <BR>To react or interact harmoniously. <BR>&quot;armada&quot; A large group of moving things<br />Definations of two words that pretty well sum up my feelings about this album!<br />I have to thank Claudia Black and Gigi Edgley of Farscape fame from Australia because without each of them naming &quot;Groove Armada&quot; their favorite group I would have never found this pure JOY!  Especially track number 11 &quot;Your Song&quot; which upon increasing the volumn illicits uncontrollable movements out of my body, I can only think of the words &quot;raw groove&quot; to describe this song.  None of the 13 songs need skipping because each and every one illicit a different feeling.  I cleaned an entire basement one day grooving to this CD!<br />What can I say, this is my favorite CD at the moment and I will find it hard to replace!
B0000027RL|5.0|This CD is the best. The tracks are amazing. Evenflow pumps you up. While songs like Release and Jeremy make you think. The drumming is amazing, and the guitarist is as well. This is a definite own for any fan who likes Pop and Rock. What amazing CD.I walso own the Vinyl/Record of the CD, which is even better (quality sounds better). I LOVE VINYL!
B000050X31|5.0|I have just watched this performance, and I have to say that this is simply fantastic. The characters that really stand out from the show are Manfred Hemm's Papageno and Luciana Serra's Queen of the Night. <br />Hemm delivers the best Papageno I have ever seen, with not only a great voice (solid baritone - lovely!) and also commendable comic acting. Serra blew me away the moment she sang her first aria &quot;O zittre nicht mein lieber Sohn...&quot; It is note-perfect and flawless. She sings those scales as if they are a piece of cake, and she hits the high F perfectly, even in &quot;Der Holle Rache&quot;. She falters just a teeny weeny little bit in the latter, but perhaps I'm picky. I've been wanting to find the perfect recording of &quot;Der Holle Rache&quot;, but I haven't been in luck yet. (the version sung in the movie &quot;Amadeus&quot; was pitch-perfect, but incomplete and not available in the soundtrack.) But understandably, the Queen of the Night is one of the most difficult opera parts to sing, and Serra already pulls it off remarkably well, delivering an overall brilliant and astounding performance. (I thought she looked beautiful as QOTN too.) Of course, besides these two, there's Kathleen Battle as Pamina, perfect as always, Francisco Araiza as Tamino and Kurt Moll as Sarastro to look out for.<br />I have to share 4 of my favourite scenes here. 2 belong to the Queen of the Night's 2 arias, 1 is the scene where Monostato's slaves and himself are under a spell from Papageno's Glockenspiel, and they really &quot;totter&quot; away harmlessly. That scene is absolutely hilarious, with them going &quot;lalalala&quot; and dancing away, exiting at stage right. The final one is the finale duet with Papageno and Papagena (Barbara Kilduff)in &quot;Pa-pagena! Pa-Pageno!&quot;. Hemm's and Kilduff's voices blend very well together. I love that song.<br />Thumbs up to this beautifully recorded performance, conducted by James Levine. I highly recommend this recording.It is definitely worth the money, and worth rewatching again and again.
B00003CXXI|5.0|BEST MOVIE EVER!!!!!! i ecpesscailly like the part where donkey says&quot;i remeber that 1 time when i ate some roten berries and u know what? i relly had some stinkin gasses seepin out of my butt that day!!!!!!   I love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00009V7T2|5.0|Before we go on, I do have a slight warning. As the negative reviews of this would imply, yes, this does have a heavy prog-rock influence, I don't hear the Rush that's so often brought up (although occasionally vocalist Cedric Bixler gets into Geddy Lee/Robert Plant range), but I do hear definite elements of King Crimson, and perhaps instrumentally The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway by Genesis. If you can't tolerate such prog-rock leanings even when mixed with harder leanings like that of Tool, then stay away. <br />That said, I was quite frankly blown away by this record. It's very musically complex and structured, but performed with enough passion and traces of post-hardcore influence to keep it from feeling cold and calculated. Although Bixler's lyrics are pretty much never going to make sense no matter how much you try to interpet (save a few obviously direct lines like &quot;now I'm lost&quot; or &quot;I've been waiting for so long for someone to mend all the pain&quot;), they're sung with such conviction that you're almost certain they must mean something to him. Although this lyrical approach basically makes the concept of the album (supposedly the unconscious experiences of now departed friend of the band Julio Venegas while suffering a coma), the music itself feels like a journey. With the exception of the comparatively brief single &quot;Inertiatic ESP&quot;, the songs tend to completely change like unpredictably rough terrain or bizarre dreamscapes, suddenly shifting into free jazz fusion, eerie dublike effects (which I'll admit do get a bit overused), or even latin-flavored psychadelia. On the whole, this is bombastic and indulgent, but it also may be the best album released all year.
0385504209|1.0|It was absolutely dreadful trying to read this book.  It came with a strong recommendation, but anyone who can call what Dan Brown does &quot;writing&quot; should never be trusted again.  The novel is full of clich&eacute;s and is so dumbed down I felt like I was reading the script for some third-rate, low budget soap opera.  It blows my mind (as well as scares me) that people are giving this book good reviews.  His &quot;historical facts&quot; are skewed, his prose is indistinguishable from heap of manure, and his story reeks of every bad detective novel or miniseries ever created.  I'd recommend 1,000 other books before I'd recommend this one... unless of course the person who's asking is about 9 years old or with a reading level as such.<br />Pass it up, there are better ways to torture yourself...
B00006RINF|5.0|These Guys are going to be Big!<br />I've said it before so I'll say it again, watch out for these guys. They have want it takes to make it here, with great radio friendly songs and a strong label in Century Media, so look out!<br />Lacuna Coil has made a S/T debut EP and three full albums, chronologically, In a Reverie, Unleased Memories and Comalies and to be perfectly honest I can't say one is better than the other. They are the most consistent group I've ever come across. <br />Band Members <br />Cristia Scabbia (female vocals), Andrea Ferro (male vocals), Cristiano Migliore (guitars), Marco Coti Zelati (bass) and Cristiano Mozzati (drums), Marco Biazzi (guitars) <br />Lacuna Coil is somewhat of a non conformist for an Italian band. Most other Italian bands, like Rhapsody, concentrated on epic power metal, Lacuna Coil devoted themselves to progressive, melodic, gothic style. Lovely singer Cristina Scabbia and singer Andrea Ferro share the mic and do a very good job at it. They compliment each other perfectly and give each song a special kick. Cristina's voice, while not quite on a par with other European divas such as Floor Jensen, is quite pleasant to listen to. It is deeper than most and a quality that fits Lacuna Coil's music(which is somewhat progressive)perfectly. Needless to say Lacuna Coil probably would not be where they are today without Christina. <br />I should point out that Lacuna Coil's brand of metal is not speed or even fast. Their tempo is generally in the medium/slow to medium range, which gives it time for slow minded individuals, like me, to absorb, sort of like Creed and like Creed, the music and delivery is powerful.<br />\\"Heaven's A Lie\\" <br />\\"Oh no, <BR>here it is again <BR>I need to know <BR>when I will fall in decay\\" <br />\\"Something wrong <BR>with every plan of my life <BR>I didn't really notice that you've been here\\" <br />\\"Dolefully desired <BR>Destiny of a lie\\" <br />\\"Set me free <BR>your heaven's lie <BR>set me free with you love<BR>set me free\\" <br />So goes the fist verse and chorus of Lacuna Coils's brilliant, medium paced, hit single \\"Heaven's a Lie\\", which begins with a lush symphonic introduction, before Christina's sultry vocals along with a strong beat and Andrea's backing on the chorus's. <br />If I may borrow and paraphrase the title to an old 60s song \\"To Know Them is to Love Them\\" I think that explains all. YES, BUT WOULD I LOVE THEM? Fair question and I'll answer that by saying that if you like or love any of the following bands, yes, you would love them; Evanescence, Garbage, Roxette, Pat Benetar, Joan Jett, Concrete Blonde, even Stevie Nicks. <br />If my \\"Prediction\\" comes through, here is my next prediction. Watch out for Within Temptation, they are already on their way. I did a review on Within Temptation's, Mother Earth (link below) back in June. They are similar to Lacuna Coil but more strident, more symphonic and generally more up tempo.
B0000AZJXQ|2.0|ok...i love art rock. i love any music that incorparates any sort of artistry...but it has to have some sort of groove! this has nothing...i've listened to it 3 times now and i still can't get a grip on why i should care? 5 stars? not even close. Anyone who gave it a 4 or higher needs to expand their musical horizons.this is not revolutionary art rock. this is blah... nothing but fluff and b sides here. what a dissapointment after such a killer first album.
B00005LMWI|5.0|Yes, I'm about to foist another of those dratted Epic Heroic Power Metal Albums on the unsuspecting public. After all it's been 48 hours since the last one. Now if you're one of the tiny minority that doesn't flip out over this style of music, that's OK, you can click off and I won't hold it against you. After all everyone can't be suave and discriminating.<br />For all of you that are sitting on the edge of your chairs waiting for my report, I want to say this. This Review completes a goal I set to do at least one review on each of what I consider (being the expert that I am) the top tier of Epic and Heroic Power Metal Bands.<br />Previous reviews have included Freedom Call, Sonata Arctica, Dark Moor, Thy Majestie and Secret Sphere. Kamelot will complete the hexagon of top bands in this sub genre and the good news is, believe it or not, they are from America. Down in the back yard of the current Super Bowl Champions, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Maybe that's why they play swashbuckling Heroic music. It's a shame that their record label and most of their following is overseas.<br />What's that you say? I left off Rhapsody. Yes I know. They play their self described &quot;Hollywood Metal&quot;, Italiano. Plus, It's my list, you can do your own.<br />Karma<br />Karma is the fifth of six studio albums released by Kamelot. It has been out for a couple years so if you're into this kind of music you probably own it. Therefore, this review is for the stragglers (there's always some), the fence sitters and the non-believers, if they haven't clicked off yet and the ever curious.<br />Before I start I would like to say a little something about the sub-genre. I have the feeling that many people think Epic Power Metal is an offshoot or a little brother of Death, Black or Doom Metal. This is absolutely untrue, I'm too old for anything that smacks of Death Metal and if I were younger I still doubt if I would like it.<br />Now there are different versions of Power Metal as well. My favorite bands are the ones that introduce a symphonic element, sometimes with choirs into their music. Kamelot is such a band and I am visibly impressed by their larger than life sound, so let's talk about Kamelot, shall we?<br />Kamelot was formed in 1991 and released their first album, Eternity four years later. Their lineup has changed slightly since then and has been greatly enhanced by the addition of ex-Conception singer, Roy Kahn, who is one of the best pure singers around. In 2003 they released their sixth album called Epica, which I will review at a future date.<br />I'm glad to tout an American band for a change for I'm afraid most young American musicians have abandoned heavy metal. I once read a statement by someone unknown, that has turned out to be very true, &quot;Heavy Metal didn't die, it just emigrated to Europe&quot;.<br />Now this music is starting to come back to us in various sub-genres, via Lacuna Coil, Within Temptation, In Flames, Nightwish, Therion, Rhapsody, Sonata Arctica and others with a delicious exotic European seasoning.<br />Whereas, I warned readers that Blind Guardian, Evergrey and a couple other groups would take multiple plays to get used to and appreciate, this is NOT the case with Karma. I believe alternative, rock and pop affectionados could jump right in on Karma and dig it right away. Maybe thats because it's an Americanized version of Epic Power Metal but I think it's because Roy Kahn is a popular music style singer and the music really isn't all that much different from that played on top twenty stations.<br />Other American bands with an European slant<br />Symphony X, Dream Theater, Shadow Gallery, Nicodemus, Arise From Thorns/Brave, Agalloch, Defyencel. My favorite bands are the ones that introduce a symphonic element, sometimes with choirs into their music. Kamelot is such a band and I am visibly impressed by their larger than life sound, so let's talk about Kamelot, shall we? <br />Kamelot was formed in 1991 and released their first album, Eternity four years later. Their lineup has changed slightly since then and has been greatly enhanced by the addition of ex-Conception singer, Roy Kahn, who is one of the best pure singers around. In 2003 they released their sixth album called Epica, which I will review at a future date. <br />I'm glad to tout an American band for a change for I'm afraid most young American musicians have abandoned heavy metal. I once read a statement by someone unknown, that has turned out to be very true, &quot;Heavy Metal didn't die, it just emigrated to Europe&quot;. <br />Now this music is starting to come back to us in various sub-genres, via Lacuna Coil, Within Temptation, In Flames, Nightwish, Therion, Rhapsody, Sonata Arctica and others with a delicious exotic European seasoning. <br />Whereas, I warned readers that Blind Guardian, Evergrey and a couple other groups would take multiple plays to get used to and appreciate, this is NOT the case with Karma. I believe alternative, rock and pop affectionados could jump right in on Karma and dig it right away. Maybe thats because it's an Americanized version of Epic Power Metal but I think it's because Roy Kahn is a popular music style singer and the music really isn't all that much different from that played on top twenty stations. <br />Other American bands with an European slant <br />Symphony X, Dream Theater, Shadow Gallery, Nicodemus, Arise From Thorns/Brave, Agalloch, Defyence
B0000AZJXQ|1.0|Remember when there was CD now? THere you could read all about the band, Like whos in it etc. Now that we have Amazon, there is no such information! Amazon sucks!!! Is James Iha in Perfect Circle? Thats all I want to know! Do you see this Amazon! Start giving more information about the cds!
B000085RTX|5.0|This Review completes a goal I set to do at least one review on each of what I consider (being the expert that I am) the top tier of Epic and Heroic Power Metal Bands.<br />Previous reviews have included Freedom Call, Sonata Arctica, Dark Moor, Thy Majestie and Secret Sphere. Kamelot will complete the hexagon of top bands in this sub genre and the good news is, believe it or not, they are from America. Down in the back yard of the current Super Bowl Champions, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Maybe that's why they play swashbuckling Heroic music. It's a shame that their record label and most of their following is overseas.<br />What's that you say? I left off Rhapsody. Yes I know. They play their self described &quot;Hollywood Metal&quot;, Italiano. Plus, It's my list, you can do your own.<br />Karma<br />Karma is the fifth of six studio albums released by Kamelot. It has been out for a couple years so if you're into this kind of music you probably own it. Therefore, this review is for the stragglers (there's always some), the fence sitters and the non-believers, if they haven't clicked off yet and the ever curious.<br />Before I start I would like to say a little something about the sub-genre. I have the feeling that many people think Epic Power Metal is an offshoot or a little brother of Death, Black or Doom Metal. This is absolutely untrue, I'm too old for anything that smacks of Death Metal and if I were younger I still doubt if I would like it.<br />Now there are different versions of Power Metal as well. My favorite bands are the ones that introduce a symphonic element, sometimes with choirs into their music. Kamelot is such a band and I am visibly impressed by their larger than life sound, so let's talk about Kamelot, shall we?<br />Kamelot was formed in 1991 and released their first album, Eternity four years later. Their lineup has changed slightly since then and has been greatly enhanced by the addition of ex-Conception singer, Roy Kahn, who is one of the best pure singers around. In 2003 they released their sixth album called Epica, which I will review at a future date.<br />I'm glad to tout an American band for a change for I'm afraid most young American musicians have abandoned heavy metal. I once read a statement by someone unknown, that has turned out to be very true, &quot;Heavy Metal didn't die, it just emigrated to Europe&quot;.<br />Now this music is starting to come back to us in various sub-genres, via Lacuna Coil, Within Temptation, In Flames, Nightwish, Therion, Rhapsody, Sonata Arctica and others with a delicious exotic European seasoning.<br />Whereas, I warned readers that Blind Guardian, Evergrey and a couple other groups would take multiple plays to get used to and appreciate, this is NOT the case with Karma. I believe alternative, rock and pop affectionados could jump right in on Karma and dig it right away. Maybe thats because it's an Americanized version of Epic Power Metal but I think it's because Roy Kahn is a popular music style singer and the music really isn't all that much different from that played on top twenty stations.<br />Other American bands with an European slant<br />Symphony X, Dream Theater, Shadow Gallery, Nicodemus, Arise From Thorns/Brave, Agalloch, Defyencebest pure singers around. In 2003 they released their sixth album called Epica, which I will review at a future date. <br />I'm glad to tout an American band for a change for I'm afraid most young American musicians have abandoned heavy metal. I once read a statement by someone unknown, that has turned out to be very true, &quot;Heavy Metal didn't die, it just emigrated to Europe&quot;. <br />Now this music is starting to come back to us in various sub-genres, via Lacuna Coil, Within Temptation, In Flames, Nightwish, Therion, Rhapsody, Sonata Arctica and others with a delicious exotic European seasoning. <br />Whereas, I warned readers that Blind Guardian, Evergrey and a couple other groups would take multiple plays to get used to and appreciate, this is NOT the case with Karma. I believe alternative, rock and pop affectionados could jump right in on Karma and dig it right away. Maybe thats because it's an Americanized version of Epic Power Metal but I think it's because Roy Kahn is a popular music style singer and the music really isn't all that much different from that played on top twenty stations. <br />Other American bands with an European slant <br />Symphony X, Dream Theater, Shadow Gallery, Nicodemus, Arise From Thorns/Brave, Agalloch, Defyence
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Over the last few years i really think that music has gone downhill, first with the rise of pop in the late 90's that seemed to wipe out everything good to listen to, and then with the advent of nu-metal. A Perfect Circle has been a guiding light in today's musical world, and &quot;Thirteenth Step&quot; is nothing short of amazing. From start to finish the album manages to evoke every emotion possible. Not everything is catchy, but catchyness is overrated. This album is absolutely orgasmic, and I hope to see more from the band in the future. The amount of talent in this band alone rivals that of every artist to ever live. They are gods among men, and the album definitely reflects that.
B000071JTQ|5.0|These Guys are going to be Big!<br />I've said it before so I'll say it again, watch out for these guys. They have want it takes to make it here, with great radio friendly songs and a strong label in Century Media, so look out!<br />Lacuna Coil has made a S/T debut EP and three full albums, chronologically, In a Reverie, Unleased Memories and Comalies and to be perfectly honest I can't say one is better than the other. They are the most consistent group I've ever come across.<br />Band Members<br />Cristia Scabbia (female vocals), Andrea Ferro (male vocals), Cristiano Migliore (guitars), Marco Coti Zelati (bass) and Cristiano Mozzati (drums), Marco Biazzi (guitars)<br />Lacuna Coil is somewhat of a non conformist for an Italian band. Most other Italian bands, like Rhapsody, concentrated on epic power metal, Lacuna Coil devoted themselves to progressive, melodic, gothic style. Lovely singer Cristina Scabbia and singer Andrea Ferro share the mic and do a very good job at it. They compliment each other perfectly and give each song a special kick. Cristina's voice, while not quite on a par with other European divas such as Floor Jensen, is quite pleasant to listen to. It is deeper than most and a quality that fits Lacuna Coil's music(which is somewhat progressive)perfectly. Needless to say Lacuna Coil probably would not be where they are today without Christina.<br />I should point out that Lacuna Coil's brand of metal is not speed or even fast. Their tempo is generally in the medium/slow to medium range, which gives it time for slow minded individuals, like me, to absorb, sort of like Creed and like Creed, the music and delivery is powerful.<br />&quot;Heaven's A Lie&quot;<br />&quot;Oh no,<br />here it is again<br />I need to know<br />when I will fall in decay&quot;<br />&quot;Something wrong<br />with every plan of my life<br />I didn't really notice that you've been here&quot;<br />&quot;Dolefully desired<br />Destiny of a lie&quot;<br />&quot;Set me free<br />your heaven's lie<br />set me free with you love<br />set me free&quot;<br />So goes the fist verse and chorus of Lacuna Coils's brilliant, medium paced, hit single &quot;Heaven's a Lie&quot;, which begins with a lush symphonic introduction, before Christina's sultry vocals along with a strong beat and Andrea's backing on the chorus's.<br />If I may borrow and paraphrase the title to an old 60s song &quot;To Know Them is to Love Them&quot; I think that explains all. YES, BUT WOULD I LOVE THEM? Fair question and I'll answer that by saying that if you like or love any of the following bands, yes, you would love them; Evanescence, Garbage, Roxette, Pat Benetar, Joan Jett, Concrete Blonde, even Stevie Nicks.<br />If my &quot;Prediction&quot; comes through, here is my next prediction. Watch out for Within Temptation, they are already on their way. I did a review on Within Temptation's, Mother Earth (link below) back in June. They are similar to Lacuna Coil but more strident, more symphonic and generally more up tempo.r heaven's lie <BR>set me free with you love <BR>set me free&quot; <br />So goes the fist verse and chorus of Lacuna Coils's brilliant, medium paced, hit single &quot;Heaven's a Lie&quot;, which begins with a lush symphonic introduction, before Christina's sultry vocals along with a strong beat and Andrea's backing on the chorus's. <br />If I may borrow and paraphrase the title to an old 60s song &quot;To Know Them is to Love Them&quot; I think that explains all. YES, BUT WOULD I LOVE THEM? Fair question and I'll answer that by saying that if you like or love any of the following bands, yes, you would love them; Evanescence, Garbage, Roxette, Pat Benetar, Joan Jett, Concrete Blonde, even Stevie Nicks. <br />If my &quot;Prediction&quot; comes through, here is my next prediction. Watch out for Within Temptation, they are already on their way. I did a review on Within Temptation's, Mother Earth (link below) back in June. They are similar to Lacuna Coil but more strident, more symphonic and generally more up tempo.
B00005YW4H|5.0|I hear smooth jazz music, dance music, dream music, pop music &amp; etc in this CD.  All very soothing &amp; enjoyable to listen to. Love her style!
B00005QIPH|5.0|If you're looking for progression, forward-thinking, heavy riffage, blistering solos, then you're listening to the wrong album.  The Strokes have simply brought &quot;fun&quot; back into rock, a term that may be a unfamiliar to listeners today with all the angry nu-metal and mall-punk bands that rule the radio these days.  Whether you like to criticize or compare them to Television, The Stooges, or Velvet U, the REAL point of this album is to pop it in the cd player on the way to a party or on a night out in the town with all your friends.  &quot;Someday&quot;, &quot;Last Nite&quot;, &quot;Hard to Explain&quot;, &quot;NYC Cops&quot; (Uk Version) are pop-garage rock masterpieces and the rest of the album is very solid.  This is an album that requires a certain frame of mind, go into it looking for fun and you won't be disappointed.
0140277447|5.0|Iris Chang's The Rape of Nanking is an important book.  It is a gripping account of a tragic, bloody moment of history.  Until now this horror has too often been ignored.  Ms. Chang has changed the debate, and the truth of history now benefits.  This is a highly controversial book (many passionately disagree with it citing alleged errors), but it is well researched and carefully written.  Highly recommended.  Postscript (11/11/04): Sad news just came that Ms. Chang has died.  We have lost a talented writer and historian.  Let this book be part of her monument.
0876855575|5.0|This is my favorite novel by one of my favorite writers. Anyone who has ever read anything by Charles Bukowski knows that he pulls no punches, spilling his guts about his gin-soaked, skid-row life with brutal honesty, humor, and vulgar wit. In Ham on Rye, however, he reveals much more than his adult misadventures. He describes in devastating detail his childhood and adolescence, and after reading it, it is painfully obvious why he would feel the need to spend so much of his life numbing himself with alcohol. This novel truly reveals the pain, sensitivity, hurt and need hiding beneath the macho, crass exterior so many of his readers fell in love with. If he were still alive, I'd be tempted to track him down just to give him a hug.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I recently bought this album and am very happy with it. Now granted I bought BSSM before this album, so it just doesn't stand a chance. But still, a great album. It starts off great with Around the World, and with the exception of a few songs, it's a pretty solid album. Unlike other people, I enjoy their faster songs like Get on Top. I think this song is all what the RHCP symbolize, being sexually showy. Suck my Kiss was to BSSM as Get on Top is to Californication. Some of my favorites on the album are Around the World,Scar Tissue,Otherside,Get on Top,I like Dirt,This Velvet Glove,Purple Stain,Right On time, and Road Trippin'. It's a really good album and its worthwhile to pick it up
B00006CXXU|5.0|Stripped is one of Christina's best abums because it shows who the real Christina is instead of continuing to listen to her producers &amp; co workers Ideas for a appearance such as when shefirst came out! She now writes most of her hits (songs) &amp; Is not afraid of showing her true self! Christina may get slack for what she wears &amp; what she does &amp; does not do but, she is just being her self &amp; that is something that should not be judged! Christina Has Written songs on this C.D. from her own experiences, songs such as Fighter,I'm Ok, &amp; Keep On Singing My Song!This Album has great music &amp; Is the best of Christina Because it brings out the real Christina! This album includes appearances by Red Man,&amp; Lil Kim &amp; this Is a must have for any true &amp; devoted Christina fan!
0743216458|5.0|I have always been interested in WWII. I've read books such as Pegasus Bridge, Curahee, and I'm now reading D-Day by Stephene Ambrose. These books all have given good facts and first person perspective, but none of them capture the brotherhood of war, except Band of Brothers. <BR>    The book follows Easy Company through the training, the horrors, and the laughter. You the reader, will feel all the emotion Easy Co. felt, the comotion during the jump into France, and you will hear the bullets whistling in the air.<BR>    This ladies and gents is the best war book ever written and will definitely be hard to top.
B000099T2L|5.0|Beyonce Has done it again but, this time she did it on her own with out the help of her fellow friends Kelly &amp; Michelle! This C.D. Is a must have for any True Beyonce Or Destinys Child fan!This Album has some club type Party music &amp; If you want some jams for your party I suggest you pop this C.D. in your player! Plus The album has a booklet with tons of sexy &amp; amazing pictures! This album has appearances  from Sean Paul,Big Boi,Sleepy Brown,Luther Vandross,Missy Elliot &amp; don't forget the most important of all Jay-Z! Plus the other great thing is she writes most of the songs on the album instead of copying or taking credit for others music! If you love Destinys Child You should enjoy Beyonce's Dangerously In Love C.D.!
B00007L4MJ|1.0|NONE of the Bonus Features on this Disc work even though it was shrink wrapped new when I purchased it. The disc looks pristine so there must be a problem in the manufacturing of it. Is there a mass recall on this disc? Someone tell me what's going on? I called the company but there was no one there to answer my call.
B00000DHRZ|1.0|I liked the Offspring even when they got more rock and less punk, this killed them for me. All the other CDs before this were great to good(but not real punk) this is a poppy, lame, pos. I can't tell what is worse, Blink 182 after &quot;Dude Ranch&quot;, or &quot;new&quot; Offspring. No, i mean which was more of a waste of money, &quot;Americana&quot; or &quot;Enema of the State&quot; Like the one guy said, Pretty Fly made it on MTV, but then again so did Tom Green's Bum Bum song for so long they had to retire it. Just sad.
B000007PSR|4.0|It's sad to me to read some of these reviews that long for &quot;what could have been&quot; with Syd Barrett. The man was little off and that's what made his music, his singing and his lyrics so great and original. If he'd been like the other glam-pop acts of the seventies, he would've just written shallow overproduced radio cotton candy crap that melts in your brain as soon you hear it and sticks, not because it's sincere, but just because it's intentionally catchy, and ultimately without much heart and soul. That is one thing that Barrett had in spades without really seeming to try, yet very evidently paying for it. Listen to the end of the title track &quot;I'm trying to find you,&quot; repeated over and over and tell me you don't feel his sincerity and anguish. I've listened to a lot of music in my days, and I don't hear that kind of heart anywhere. Barrett pours out his soul and it makes you want to cry for him, for yourself for the whole bloody doomed race of man. He remains one of the most original singer-songwriter, artist, musician, mystery, tragedy whatever you want to call him and he's always a consideration in my mind. Opel is a great collection of rough tracks - the best way to hear any musician - with great gems like Clowns and Jugglers (aka Octopus); Rats; Wouldn't You Miss Me (a thorazine-laden version of Dark Globe); and Milky Way. Also on this collection are just plain weird songs like Dolly Rocker, Word Song and Birdie Hop. &quot;Birdie hop, he do, he hop along.&quot; That always makes me bust out laughing. You're only as mad as you don't realize. Maybe Barrett wasn't so crazy after all. Maybe he just had real artistic integrity.
0156027321|4.0|By now you probably know the story.  Pi, on his way with his family from India to Canada, finds himself the lone survivor of a shipwreck, save an assortment of zoo animals who also manage to find refuge in Pi's lifeboat.  Soon, through the violence of nature, only Pi and Richard Parker, a Bengal Tiger, survive.<br />&quot;Life of Pi&quot; reads like fable, myth, and allegory combined, with an ecological morality tale thrown in.  It is really fun to read, and the whole ridiculous situation is at times hysterical.  Pi's attempts to tame the tiger provide some of the best scenes.  Martel can be a bit heavy-handed at times, but never enough so to draw away from the pure pleasure of this book.  The ending leaves more questions than it does answers.  Highly recommended.
B0000508U6|5.0|I first heard &quot;yellow&quot; on the radio, and automatically fell in love with the band.  I have read several reviews where Radiohead comparisons are made, but one thing I'd like to point out is, if that were true, I don't see anything wrong with an emerging band to take influlences from others as long as a sense of originality isn't lacking.  Quite frankly, this is simply a wonderful album, and I dare to say its even a bit better than their second album &quot;A Rush of Blood to the Head&quot;  Buy this! you will not regret doing so!
B00004YRQA|4.0|It's a memory card. It works. I like it.
078062999X|5.0|Shakespeare's HAMLET has been filmed in more versions than any other work of literature, but the number of truly memorable adaptations had, until recently, been limited to Olivier's 1948 bravura performance.  Now, Hollywood can add Kenneth Branagh's dual role of director and star to that short list.  Whereas Olivier interpreted the morose Dane as classically Shakespearean,  Branagh kept the essential moodiness that has traditionally marked Hamlet, but fast forwarded the action from late 16th century Elizabethan times to somewhere in the mid 19th.  The result is an experience that makes this four hour opus worth every minute.<br />The play opens in a manner that sets the tone for the first three acts.  Questions are asked in a manner that do not lend themselves to easy answers.  When the sentry Bernardo opens with \\"Who's there?\\" a pattern of uncertainty is established that suggests that the murky and incorporeal air surrounding Elsinore Castle hides a rottenness whose origin lies in the murder of Hamlet the King (Brian Blessed) by his usurping brother Claudius (Derek Jacobi).  Since there is no witness to the deed, the prince Hamlet has only his own melancholic imagination to fire a series of questions that lead nowhere but to rage.  Branagh's Hamlet is a suspicious Dane that needs proof to identify the killer.  When Hamlet's father's ghost appears to warn his son that \\"The serpent that did sting thy father's life / Now wears his crown,\\" the process of a conversion from melancholic questing to formalized revenge begins.  Branagh plays Hamlet as an emotional chameleon, one who can morph from depression to rage to humor and in and out of insanity.  In the graveyard scene, Billy Crystal is a surprisingly effective gravedigger whose own reminiscences about the fleetingness of mortality arouse in Hamlet the growing realization that life, death, and the need for revenge ought not blind him to the need for an acceptance of the whims of fate.<br />Branagh, of course, gives the performance of a lifetime as the Dane who learns, not too late, that the cries of a doomed spirit seeking a blood revenge and the uncertainties involved in deciphering the intents of Heaven are not necessarily synonymous.  Derek Jacobi, as Claudius, is outstanding (at least in the longer version) as a man who may have begun life as decent but somewhere along the way allowed his personal demons of lust and jealousy to cloud his integrity.  Kate Winslet as the frail Ophelia is the very personification of a goodness so fragile that it shatters when manhandled by a raging Hamlet.  The supporting cast of Julie Christie as Gertrude, Charleton Heston as the Player King, and Robin Williams as Osric collectively allow Branagh to use them as sounding boards to echo his transformation from Questor to Rager and finally to one who now sees that \\"The readiness is all\\" is a reborn Hamlet who, even in his death pangs, can note that useless struggle against an inflexible heaven must cease so as to allow him to shuffle off his mortal coil.  His parting comment: \\"The rest is silence\\" is an eloquent warning to all future audiences that they too should be aware of the unseen consequences for blood revenge.  Branagh, as both director and star, says this as clearly as anyone else has.
B00008PW3Q|5.0|I did not expect much from this album when I bought it, but it has become one of my favorites. No, this isn't Rumours, but it also isn't 1977.  The music keeps pace with today's sound.  I agree with the other reviewer that you need to listen a few times to appreciate it.  Could have been even better with Christy McVie, but don't let that stop you from buying.
B0000B1OFL|5.0|This is one of those movies that you can see several times and never get tired of it. The cast it's amazing featuring Mark Wahlberg (The yards), Charlize Theron (Sweet november), Edward Norton (American story X), Seth Green (Austin Powers) and Donald Sutherland. <BR>The story is about a robbery in Venice and one of the members of the group (Edward Norton) decides to go his way with all the gold that they stoled, by taking posetion of the gold worthed 34 million he kills the master of the group (Donald Sutherland) and thinks that the rest of the team is also dead.<BR>So one year after one of the members (Mark Walhberg) decides to look for the master's doughther (Charlize Theron)and tell her that he had paged the killer of her father, so the whole team plus her who happends to be an expert in safes (if you see that movie you'll know why I'm saying this) start a plan to recover the gold as revange of the dead of the \\"master\\" of the group.<BR>This movie has wonderful locations like Venice and the streets of L.A, has a lot of action with some scenes sparked up with comedy.<BR>If you didn't know Michael Caine acted on the original version back in 1969.<BR>Once again I say that this movie is great, for my opinion it's one of the best releases of this year ... I strongly recommended.
B00006ZCFH|4.0|1. \\"Intro / World keeps turnin\\" : a nice little vibed out beat with warm keys and Ms. Badu adlibbing.... Chill.<BR>2. \\"Bump it\\" - Quite possibly my favorite joint on the CD. This track has an UNDENIABLY catchy hook that'll have you hummin' it after hearing it one time! It clocks in at 8 minutes or so... Groovy congas and soulful vocal fills from Erykah make this one an instant classic for Badu fans. <BR>3. \\"Back in the day\\" - Smoothed out track with an 80's feel (Patrice Rushen / Maze, etc). Again, incredibly catchy 'bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-ba-dop' vocal fills and Mr. Lenny Kravitz on guitar! Their first collaboration, but hopefully not their last. <BR>4. \\"I want you\\" - This is quite a unique sound for Erykah. It starts off kinda 'out there' but the track makes sense as it builds. It slowwwwwwwwws all the way down towards the end and then there's a transition into a guitar/synth solo or sorts. An odd piece yes, but I can dig it!<BR>5. \\"Woo!\\" - What a vibe this track has! It reminds one of a lounge act vamp. For those lucky enough to see Erykah on BET 106 & Park on 9.16.03 you know that this is one of the tracks she performed. A stand out piece without a doubt. WOOOOOOOO!!<BR>6. \\"The grind\\" - OK, this is a track that I personally would have cut. Erykah's barely present on the track. While I am a HUGE fan of Hip-Hop, I just would rather not have any MC's on Erykah albums. This is the only track on the disc that I forward through. I'll give this song a C-. <BR>7. \\"Danger\\" - As you are well aware, this is 'the single'. PLEASE NOTE: You MUST listen to this track SEVERAL times before you get it. The song structure is brilliant, and the hook! WHOA! Another chorus that gets in your head and won't leave you alone! The block's on LOCK! <BR>8. \\"Think twice\\" - Nice Jazzed out little ditty complete with vintage sounds, and nice 'woop-dee-woop' scatting! Funkay!<BR>9. \\"Love of my life\\" (worldwide) - Bangin' remix featuring New Jersey's own Queen Latifah, Illadelphia's Hip-Hop Queen Bahamadia, and vocalist extraordinairess Angie Stone. This remix samples the Hip-Hop classic 'Funk You Up' by Sequence. Did you know that Angie Stone was a member of Sequence?? Aha! You learn something new everyday don't you? Anyway, they also sing the 'Ring-ding-dong' chant ala Dr. Dre's \\"Keep their heads ringin\\". Without a doubt a party rocker with that old school block party vibe. Hot piece!<BR>10. \\"Outro / World keeps turnin\\" - See track #1.~~~~~~~~~~~<BR>So there you have it.. My review of Erykah Badu's new CD / EP \\"Worldwide Underground\\". Without question a solid CD @ a nice price. A perfect CD with the exception of track 6. DON'T SLEEP ON IT PEOPLE! Peace----WS
B00005JLSE|3.0|I was a little disappointed when I saw Chicago at the theatre and I felt that same disappointment when I watched it last night on DVD.<br />All of the principles performed well but, of course, this is a musical and, while Catherine Zeta-Jones, Renee Zellwegger and Richard Gere are all fine actors, none is really a singer or a dancer despite the fact that Zeta-Jones began her career on the musical stage.<br />One can see they gave their parts their all, however.  Zeta-Jones, I think, did the best job; her voice is strong and more centered than Zellwegger's and she's more athletic and rhythmic.<br />The storyline, of course, was bare bones, though clever and entertaining.  But the musical numbers should have taken center stage and they simply did not.  While there was nothing wrong with any of the musical numbers, none was so well done as to be memorable.  The choreography had to be simplified for the principles and even had their voices been perfect, the music simply wasn't memorable.  Thirty minutes after the movie ended I couldn't hum even one of the numbers.  The thing I remembered most was how beautiful Catherine Zeta-Jones looked.  (I liked her hair a lot better short!)<br />Chicago is fun and quite entertaining and Zeta-Jones, Zellwegger and Gere give it their all, but this movie simply isn't anything memorable.
B00006ZCFH|5.0|ERYKAH IS BACK BETTER THAN EVER. I BELIEVE THIS ALBUM PROVED THAT SHE IS VERSATILE AND CREATIVE IN HER MUSIC. I LOVE ERYKAH BADU ALBUMS BECAUSE SHE IS SO DIFFERENT AND CREATE HER OWN SONGS. I THINK THE AFRICAN BEATS AND THE CONGOS AND DRUMS PROVE THAT SHE IS CAPABLE OF JUST BEING IN TUNE WITH HER HERITAGE. I LOVE THE BEATS AND THE ALBUM IT REALLY HAVE ALOT OF GOOD SONGS. I LOVE DANGER AND I WANT YOU BECAUSE I NEVER HEARD NOTHING LIKE THAT BEFORE AND ITS NOT THE SAME OLD LOVE SONGS OR HIP HOP SONGS THAT IM USE OF HEARING IT. I SEE ERYKAH LOVE CHANGING AND I HOPE SHE STILL CAN MAKE REAL GOOD MUSIC. I HOPE SHE BE AROUND FOR A LONG TIME BECAUSE SHE REALLY A REAL GOOD ARTIST.
B000003337|4.0|If you were into Randy rhodes &amp; Quiot Riot than this cd is for you. There is some great music here. The only thing is you have to remember that was in the mid to late 70's when everybody was playing disco crap even KISS. But if you are looking for the lost Randy Rhodes material this is your last chance.
0385504209|5.0|A great book. A very pleasant surprise. I finished it very fast and kept awake to finish it.<br />I liked its use of puzzles, a great historical perspective and its gripping pace.<br />The twists and turns are truly amazing. Very well crafted.<br />I also liked its perspective on the current state of the world and how by incorporating elements of compassion we can improve.<br />A 'must read'.
B000006045|5.0|Wow, where do I start with a CD as amazing as Mezzanine?  Like this review's title suggests, this is one of the CDs I'd need if I got stranded on a desert island and could only have 5 CDs with me.  The rest would have to be Hybrid - Wider Angle, Tool - Lateralus, Aphex Twin - SAW II, and Nirvana = Unplugged in New York, but that is only relevant because I consider myself to be open to all kinds of music.  And the cool thing here is that Massive Attack is so accessible.  Almost anybody can pick up this CD and get right into it.  It's really easy to listen to, but at the same time anybody willing to look deeper will find a depth that is all too uncommon in most CDs these days.  It has a few songs that a lot of people have heard before, but didn't know who it was they were listening to.  Dissolved Girl, track 6, was featured in &quot;The Matrix&quot; (where Neo was asleep in front of his computer) and is definitely one of my favorites, and Teardrop is one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard in my entire life.  Inertia Creeps, with its middle eastern flavor and spooky undertones, also helps to create an atmosphere that leaves a lasting impression.  I just wish that I could give this album 6 stars, because few albums deserve it more than this one.  As it is, I'll give it 5 stars and my highest recommendation.  If you're a music connoisseur with very eclectic tastes, this album is right up your alley.  Buy it and enjoy it.  Peace.
B0000AM6LY|5.0|This is the best album that Simply Red has done since Stars! The title track &quot;Home&quot; is great, and reminiscent of &quot;Holding Back the Years&quot;. I normally don't like sampling, but in their song &quot;Sunrise&quot; it seems to work really well! The Hall &amp; Oates tracks blend in well, and this song is already topping the charts here at no. 3 on one radio chart! Another great track is the cover of You Make Me Feel Brand New, my favourite Stylistics song! Mick Hucknall's voice is superbly suited to this song. I also love Lost Weekend. You can almost feel the pain &quot;blowing away&quot; as you listen to this song. Something for You starts off really great, but gets a little boring towards the end. I would like to hear that great chorus at least one more time. But, overall the CD is great and Simply Red are definitely back!
B0000025RI|5.0|From the first day I listened to the album in 1982 I have never heard anything like it from any artist since(except maybe off the wall).The man,the music and his talent opened my mind to a whole new meaning of ARTISTRY.I just couldn't believe one man  could produce such beautiful music.As a kid I was also mesmerized by Michael's graceful dance moves,looks and vocal abilities that were so smooth I thought he must have been from another world .A complete artist in my opinion.<BR>    Every song on the album can stand on it's own.BILLIE JEAN never ceases to dazzle me,and BEAT IT was rock music like I had never heard before.All songs are great and I like the way it ends with THE LADY IN MY LIFE which I feel is Michael's best ballad to date.Too bad I can't say much about him and his later songs. The phenomenal success surrounding the 'thriller' album is something I am delighted to have witnessed , being 11 or 12 at the time and I don't think the world will ever experience anything like it from any artist again.Highly recommmended and a true masterpiece!
B00003CXTG|1.0|This movie is an absolute INSULT to anyone who has served in the Navy.  It is without question the WORST I've ever seen from a technical standpoint.  Their technical advisers should be ashamed to cash their checks.  What a joke!!! <br />I had high hopes for this movie, and suffered through all the romance garbage only to be appalled at the blatant problems with the action secquences. MAN! SO many shots of ships that weren't even BUILT until long after WWII.  AND even worse, all those shots of ships with NO HULL numbers. DUH! No hull numbers means NOT COMMISSIONED!<br />Well, if you want to see a film about Pearl Harbor, SKIP this joke!  IT is a fictional love story that insults anyone interested in history!
B0000B1OFL|4.0|This is a very well paced, scripted, edited, filmed, and choreographed caper movie: the pace never lets up, the one liners are funny, you get to see what bullets do under water, there's even a cameo for real life Napster creator Shawn Fanning.<br />This film will thoroughly entertain anyone except the sort of spod who complains that (i) it might not have the best car chase ever (it still has a pretty good car chase), or (ii) Michael Caine's original was different and somehow better (this isn't Michael Caine's original), or (iii) it doesn't have much to do with Italy (now I love Italy, but honestly: so what?), or (iv) there are product placements in it (has there been a film made in the last 30 years (other than Derzu Uzala) which doesn't have product placements?), or (v) it's not an especially sophisticated rumination on the wondrousness of the human spirit in situations of real adversity (want that? rent Derzu Uzala. Don't rent a Caper Movie).<br />The only flaw I could see was that neither Wahlberg nor Norton were especially animated (Wahlberg never does seem very animated. Norton needed be less like the limo driver in Spinal Tap and more like Steve Buscemi, who really knows how to play a man with a wispy goatee).<br />Switch off your brain and enjoy. It's fat free!
B00005YW4H|5.0|I have loved the smooth tones of Norah Jones' voice for years.  I discovered her music while searching the internet and immediately fell in love.  I can listen to her no matter what mood I am in, and instantly be calmed.  She sounds just as sweet in concert.
0385504209|5.0|Dan Brown had me from the first page.  From the murder in the Louvre through all the twists and turns of this story, I could not put the book down.  After reading The Da Vinci Code, I found myself compelled to read another of his novels, Angels and Demons, as well as a couple of the books referenced in the novel.  The amount of research he put into this is remarkable, no matter what opinions the reader may have on his subject.  The legend of the Grail has haunted us for centuries.  If you're on the quest, buy this book.
0345457684|4.0|This is such a cool book!<br />In a futuristic world where life is cheap and bodies interchangeable, ex-soldier Takeshi Kovacs must try to solve a crime while evading the physical and psychological demons of his past.<br />This is neo-cyberpunk or &quot;Information Technology SF&quot; in subgenre, but unlike much of the fiction I've read dealing with downloadable personalities and similar themes, it emphasizes the human cost of advanced technology. The worldview is dark, but not ridiculously so, and the characterization is skillful. The characters have interesting backstories and subtle behaviors. My only quibble regarding the worldbuilding is that this doesn't seem like 25th century; the cultural continuity makes it read more like 100-150 years down the road. Which is not a big fault.<br />The plot is complex and full of action. I thought Kovacs was a bit slow to realize the obvious memory-wiping function of the putative murder, but mostly the plot works well. Fast-moving and unflinching in its portrayal of brutality, this is not a book for readers who dislike violence. Another thing that Morgan does well: describing weapons, computer systems, and techno-gear in general and making them interesting, not just a list of macho stats. This has all the techno-goodies anyone could want, yet it's character-driven and powerful on an emotional level.<br />I look forward to the sequel.
B000050IE6|5.0|Another good album by one of my favorite bands. Although there is some debate on how to catagorize them I'll try to sum it up: Black Metal w/ some Death Metal vocals, some Thrash/Speed Metal drums &amp; guitar work (amongst other styles). The softer side is slightly Spanish influenced/Old World acoustic with hauntingly beautiful vocals. Most songs start out in one genre but shift to between 2 to 4 different styles. Some long songs.. up to 10 or 11 minutes. Great music for the rock enthusist that has at least 1/2 a brain, a heart and one good ear.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|THIS CD IS ONE OF THE BEST ALBUMS I HAVE HEARD YET. MAYNARDS VOICE AND THE WAY HE SINGS ON THIS ALBUM MAKES YOU WANT MORE AND MORE. I RECOMEND IT TO ANY ONE IT CONTAINS A VARIETY OF DIFFRENT SOUND AND JUST KICKS BUTT!!!!!!!!
B000000W6R|2.0|Filling the whole album with outtakes from &quot;Gish&quot; and &quot;siamese dream&quot; could be a great idea but the songs from here are lacking of originality and their specific energy.<BR>there are good songs like dark and creepy &quot;soothe&quot;,&quot;Landslide&quot; and &quot;Obscured&quot;,&quot;Hello kity kat&quot; rocks like nothing before but it is a bit to less to give it 3 stars.<BR>these songs from album are leaving you wanting more but there is nothing more really.unfinished songs,jams and nothing really important for standard rock fan although Pumpkins fans will buy it anyway.
6305633177|5.0|Though the quality is poor, i belive every die hard fan should have this...
B000002MY3|1.0|This CD sucks. i mean come on! Women freak out too much - alanis is all pissed women arent treated right - is us men had to put up with any more s#it from women, WE would be the ones complaning. the only morissette fans are women because they dont know any good music. go check out rob zombie or white zombie for some good music.
B00003CX5P|5.0|When word came out that George Lucas would be making the three prequels to his STAR WARS trilogy, word-of-mouth was roused, and so was the hype and advertising. The year 1999 saw the release of the first of these prequels, THE PHANTOM MENACE. But even though it was the biggest moneymaker of its year, the film has split STAR WARS fans and critics of every kind alike. While some critics and fans jumped out in favor, a majority of others attacked it savagely and condemned it as a disgrace to the franchise. Even to this day, THE PHANTOM MENACE is mentioned with growls of disgust and/or disappointment. Almost everywhere I go there are many who take turns slamdunking this movie and badmouthing George Lucas.<br /><br />As a longtime STAR WARS fan, I do agree that the original trilogy is a tough act to follow, but I don't think Lucas deserves the negative backlash he got from this film (and its follow-up, ATTACK OF THE CLONES). Sure, it's not the Second Coming like many expected it to be, less lively than the other three films (in other words, more slowgoing), and heavily reliant upon state-of-the-art CG effects for much of its shots. And the characters are not as appealing as their predecessors, and, yes, I COULD have done without the digital flatulence gag. But do I think STAR WARS: EPISODE I--THE PHANTOM MENACE is everything the disgruntled folks say it is? Do I think George Lucas has gone greedy and decided to squeeze every last ounce of cash from the franchise?<br /><br />No on both counts. The truth of the matter is that THE PHANTOM MENACE is a visually amazing movie. Every time I watch it, I am just in awe at the computer-generated setbacks, designs, and bizarre alien characters -- something that the previous STAR WARS movies could accomplish by miniatures, animatronics, and/or pyrotechnics. This was exactly the kind of technology Lucas would have wanted to use in order to make STAR WARS more than 25 years ago, but of course that was not possible. (This is why he made those \\"SPECIAL EDITIONS\\" of the films incorporating new footage and/or special effects shots.) Seeing this movie is almost like watching Lucas letting his imagination run wild; a lot of the sequences are both spectacular and invigorating, particularly the underwater journey through Naboo's core and the Pod Race on Tatooine. But my favorite part of the movie is the climactic lightsaber duel between Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi VS. the demonic looking Darth Maul. This battle is oustandingly staged and choreographed with impressive stunts and swordplay at its most swashbuckling.<br /><br />Moving onto the plot analysis, yeah, I can understand why some would think the characters (including a younger Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker, and Queen Amidala) may not be what viewers best remember them as, but I'm not sure if Lucas was really INTENDING to make these movies in the same carefree spirit as, say, A NEW HOPE was (although there ARE some great one-liners, though spoken in a somewhat campy manner). Especially since the first three movies involve Anakin's descent into Darth Vader. This first movie features him as a young kid, played by Jack Lloyd. While his acting is a bit awkward in places, he didn't really detract me from the movie at all. He does display appropriate gloominess and has a somewhat distant look in his eyes, something that is ominous enough to remind us about what will happen later on. I loved Liam Neeson's performance as Qui-Gon Jinn, and Ewan McGregor is a great younger Obi-Wan. Natalie Portman is also a capable young actress doubling as Queen Amidala and her alter-ego Padme. Ian McDiarmid, who played the Emperor in RETURN OF THE JEDI, is bang-on yet again as Senator Palpatine. The rest of the characters are, shall we say, somewhat underdeveloped. However, this is best to be expected, since this is supposed to be the beginning of it all. This also could explain why there are some plot points left unresolved by the film's end (Who's Darth Sidious?Where did Darth Maul come from? What's the deal with those Trade Federation guys?). Most of these loose ends are tied up in EPISODE III--REVENGE OF THE SITH, which probably explains why the whole movie is difficult to evaluate individually.<br /><br />Probably one of the biggest reasons why a lot of people hate this movie is the inclusion of the CG-created comic-relief Jar Jar Binks, played by Ahmed Best. Just about everywhere I go on the net do I see his name mentioned with death threats and utter annoyance. Speaking for myself, I actually LIKE Jar Jar Binks. I think he was an interesting new character for the movie, but there were times where I felt he was overused. I didn't have the same problem with his pompous ruler, Boss Nass; while he speaks with the same \\"offensive\\" dialect as Jar Jar, his deep voice, provided by Brian Blessed, more than made up for it.<br /><br />But while many people have come up with arguments about hating Episode I with a passion (or even the other side who speaks in favor), it has been continually hard for me to do so. True, it's not perfect, and yes, there are some scenes I would have cut out, but I still have found no legitimate reason whatsoever to dislike this movie. It's still STAR WARS, after all. And even though I don't think THE PHANTOM MENACE is on the same level as the original trilogy, I think STAR WARS at its least is \\"OK\\" and, after seeing REVENGE OF THE SITH, I now see what place it has in the saga--this is the beginning of a six-part saga which will nonetheless be a bumpy ride.  And as it progresses, one will find spectacles worth revisiting as well as occasional dead space.  But it's a ride which ultimately has its rewards.<br /><br />As the first STAR WARS movie to be released to DVD, THE PHANTOM MENACE is, on a technical and visceral level, a knockout.  The 2.35:1 video presentation is pristine and gorgeous, the audio rocks through the speakers, and there is a whole slew of extras (from deleted scenes to behind-the-scenes featurettes) to please film buffs and collectors alike.  I look forward to seeing future Lucasfilm productions receive a similarly fabulous treatment.come from? What's the deal with those Trade Federation guys?). Most of these loose ends are tied up in EPISODE III--REVENGE OF THE SITH, which probably explains why the whole movie is difficult to evaluate individually.    Probably one of the biggest reasons why a lot of people hate this movie is the inclusion of the CG-created comic-relief Jar Jar Binks, played by Ahmed Best. Just about everywhere I go on the net do I see his name mentioned with death threats and utter annoyance. Speaking for myself, I actually LIKE Jar Jar Binks. I think he was an interesting new character for the movie, but there were times where I felt he was overused. I didn't have the same problem with his pompous ruler, Boss Nass; while he speaks with the same \\"offensive\\" dialect as Jar Jar, his deep voice, provided by Brian Blessed, more than made up for it.     But while many people have come up with arguments about hating Episode I with a passion (or even the other side who speaks in favor), it has been continually hard for me to do so. True, it's not perfect, and yes, there are some scenes I would have cut out, but I still have found no legitimate reason whatsoever to dislike this movie. It's still STAR WARS, after all. And even though I don't think THE PHANTOM MENACE is on the same level as the original trilogy, I think STAR WARS at its least is \\"OK\\" and, after seeing REVENGE OF THE SITH, I now see what place it has in the saga--this is the beginning of a six-part saga which will nonetheless be a bumpy ride.  And as it progresses, one will find spectacles worth revisiting as well as occasional dead space.  But it's a ride which ultimately has its rewards.    As the first STAR WARS movie to be released to DVD, THE PHANTOM MENACE is, on a technical and visceral level, a knockout.  The 2.35:1 video presentation is pristine and gorgeous, the audio rocks through the speakers, and there is a whole slew of extras (from deleted scenes to behind-the-scenes featurettes) to please film buffs and collectors alike.  I look forward to seeing future Lucasfilm productions receive a similarly fabulous treatment.
B000000OUE|5.0|Yes, As The Pounding opening riff's of 'Electric Head pt 1' pound through my huge stereo system, the speakers are crumbling and the stereo is melting, as derbis from my ceiling falls. This CD is great - Rob's 3rd best cd! Awesome AWesome Aweomse. the best songs are Electric Head Series, Super Charger Heaven, Real Solution #9 and more human than human. Go get this, it absolutley kicks.
0066214122|1.0|Michael Crichton 's PREY is by far his worst book. Building on some reliable technical information, he produces a cloud of rogue nanoparticles. Just a few days in the wild are enough for them to evolve into superpowerful swarms. A few infected humans are transformed in zombies, controlled by their alien and evil intelligence. The nanoparticles also reassemble and rearrange themselves at will, to mimic with perfection any human being they choose to. They evolve so fast, so well, that a makeshift biochemical process is worked out to synthetize brand new nanoparticles, expanding the swarms (animals and a few unlucky humans, purposedly hunted and killed by the swarms, are the raw material). Luckily, swarms and zombies are no match to an heroic human couple, provided by Crichton to unveil their evil secrets and torch them. Let's pray God will spare us PREY - The Sequel !
B00008X5J3|5.0|One reviewer here said they could not remember one tune at the end of this movie. I wish it were so for me! I could not get these songs out of my head! Don't get me wrong, I loved the songs, but they don't leave your mind. For that reason I didn't dare buy the soundtrack.<br />CZJ blew me away with her underused talent. I had no idea she could sing or dance that well (and she is the most beautiful movie STAR in the world today.) Well deserved Oscar. She absolutely steals any scene she's in, including the ones with the very full of presence Queen Latifah. I never liked Richard Gere, but he did a very decent job in his first musical. Rene Zellweger I never cared for and could never see what the big deal was with her.<br /> Very fast paced, beautiful sets, interesting story. My major beef, as with other viewers, was the nano-second editing. Everyone was allowed two or three steps, then the scene was edited. Under these conditions, even Two-Left-Feet me could look like an accomplished dancer! I don't think the director thought anyone would notice.<br />Anyway, I'm glad it paved the way (hopefully) for more musicals. Too many movies out with special effects, comic book/TV show characters, sequels, zzzzzzzzzzzz........<br />This movie is raunchy, bawdy, adult fun...with a touch of class!
B0000C7PSW|5.0|I have to say this album was hard for me to digest at first.  It's not as easily accessible or even as likeable on first listen as his last 2 albums.  But, I do agree with the other reviews that it is perhaps one of, if not the best of the year.  It has a beautifully rich and dense sound (thanks to producer Marius deVries).  Highlights include 'Movies of Myself,' 'Go or Go Ahead,' and '11:11.'  This album definitely left me wanting more... as if when it ended I was expecting it to continue to another level; and supposedly Want 2 or To? is being released in early 2004.  I for one can't wait.
B000002TQV|5.0|In the days before the weird electronic layering and strange prog rock beats, Radiohead was a top notch Brit-pop band and The Bends was in many ways a breakthrough album for Radiohead.  They had been passed off as one-hit wonders with their self-depracating international sensation &quot;Creep&quot; and many had expected more of the same angry and discontent lyrics.  The Bends, however, was the start of the Radiohead custom of doing the opposite of what is expected of them and making their fans fall in love with their material anyways.  The Bends hits all the right notes, from emotional and meloncholy with &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot; and &quot;Bulletproof... I wish I was&quot; to angry discontented rock with &quot;Just and My Iron Lung&quot; to detatched bliss with the closer &quot;Street Spirit&quot;.  The mesh of Radiohead's unique guitar sound make for an unforgettable and incredible listening experiece and one of the best albums of the 90's.  I'd reccomend this to any alternative rock listner any day.<br />Tracklisting analysis<br />Planet Telex - a fantastic opener with U2 inspired guitars.  It's probably one of Radiohead's more underrated song, I personally love it and never get bored of it.8/10<br />The Bends - of the detatched feel of Planet Telex comes the fast paced, rocking Bends which holds the same name as the album.  The lyrics are superb.  9/10<br />High and Dry - My favorite song on the album becuase it was the song that got me into Radiohead.  It has a tune that just can't go wrong, catchy and simplistic yet so fun to listen to repeatedly.  10/10<br />Fake Plastic Trees - One of the most emotional songs on the album.  It starts out slow and mellow and builds to a stunning climax.  Thom Yorke's voice compliments this track perfectly.  10/10<br />Bones - not the best track on the album, a bit reminicent of U2.  Probably one of the more skippable track, but still a good track nonetheless.  7/10<br />(Nice Dream) - pretentious use of parenthesis aside, Nice Dream is much like Fake Plastic Trees in that it starts out nice and mellow and ends with a loud and strained climax.  The tortured guitar at the end of this song makes it a great addition to the album.  8/10<br />Just - simply a wonderful song.  Grunge-esque in its sound, but having enough guitar variation to be more than just a grunge song, it's superb lyrics and almost perfect mesh of Jonny Greenwood's and Ed O'Brien's guitars make it a masterpiece.  10/10<br />My Iron Lung - a strange sounding song at first, but on par wit Just by it's unique sound and angry lyrics.  Thom wrote this song in response to the one hit wonder critisism Radiohead got earlier in its career. 9/10<br />Bullet Proof... I wish I was - after the angry and frustrated Just and My Iron lung, Bullet Proof softens the tone of the album a bit with a slow and emotional song.  The lyrics are no doubt some of the saddest and make for haunting experience. 8/10<br />Black Star - One of Thom Yorke's favorite songs, it's also one of my favorites on the album.  10/10<br />Sulk - Perhaps the weakest song on the album, but still an above average song.  6.5/10<br />Street Spirit - one of the best closers out of any Album I've listen to.  It's detatched and haunting sound is a great way to end such a diverse album.  9/10<br />Overall, one of my favorite albums.  Get it immediately.
B00005AQE8|5.0|the album is great album for true 2pac fans,he shines on california love,ambitonz az a ridah,run the streets,and many more.this album should be cope by every tru hip-hop fan.yeah and i might add Tupac/makaveli is the best/greatest rapper/mc ever. Dont deny it? peace and love
B00005J9M3|5.0|I consider this to be the second-best album by the Pet Shop Boys (the best, in my opinion, being Actually for being more quintessentially Pet-Shop-Boy-ish). However, were I rank Actually as 100, this would be a 98 or 99.<br />One of the things that Behaviour has that is lacking in the previous work of the Pet Shop Boys (and in much of the pop music of the 1980s generally) is maturity. The Pet Shop Boys show in this album that they can go beyond gimmickry, beyond simple tunes and witty lyrics, to have music and lyrics of real poetic merit (okay, so we're not talking Tennyson here, but quite a cut above the usual popular wordsmithing). Perhaps this is why the album didn't fare as well financially as its predecessor.<br />This album marked the beginning of the decline of the Pet Shop Boys on the American scene. Only one song really made much of a dent, So Hard, and this was perhaps their last real American hit. Other songs from the album that were released as singles, and every single released since, has failed to make progress of any significance in the charts. Beyond the shores of America, the Pet Shop Boys are still fairly popular, and this album was a financial as well as artistic success.<br />It is unfortunate, because many of the songs on this album are truly beautiful. Being Boring is my favourite song, the first track on the album, as it recounts a tale of life, with interjections from the Parisian set (read, Gertrude Stein and company) comparing it to circles today, remembering lost friends ('some are here and some are missing in the 1990s'), all done to the backdrop of an electronic-yet-symphonic quality musical setting.<br />All the music and lyrics fall together so well in this album, the Pet Shop Boys can be seen to have come of age. A pity that it was, by that point by and large, an age that had passed already.
B00005AQGH|5.0|he does it again with no question musicly,but i have a ? when is he ever gonna stop making music? i herd he has a record coming out this fall. well like i said one of the worlds greatest albums ever. if you dont have it cop it for pac. peace!
B000002U9K|5.0|This is the first, and considered by many fans and non-fans, to be the quint-essential Pet Shop Boys album. Anyone familiar with the popular music of the 1980s will know the dominant track on the CD, West End Girls. Still considered their greatest hit, the Pet Shop Boys capitalised on the synthesizer and sample-heavy sound conjured up for this song by producing a slick London-based video that catapulted the PSB into the limelight around the world for the next several years.<br />The music of the Pet Shop Boys defies easy explanation. The lyrics are witty and urbane, very much a product of the disco and consumer-big-money culture of the 1980s. Songs like Opportunities/Let's Make Lots of Money became a sort of capitalist anthem, spawning two different video versions and countless remixes for the disco environments.<br />Taking a cue from the popular television of the time, the song Suburbia has a piano overlay that sounds similar to the then massively-popular Eastenders, and the lyrics recount a East End-esque storyline which sparks familiarity with those immersed in the pop culture.<br />The song Love Comes Quickly highlights both synthesizer effects and masking as well as simple and elegant poetic lyric. No base or screaming lines in this disco, no banal or forced words simply to serve as fronting for a drum-machine-produced rhythm, this song perhaps shows the Pet Shop Boys at their early height in development of words to music (that was finally fully developed in the album Behaviour).<br />Two other songs of note on this introductory album include the first track, Two Divided By Zero, which has a simple introduction and simplistic development that ends up gradually increasing in sound complexity while the sense of 'what does this song mean?' continues to agitate (for the mathematically inclined, anything divided by zero becomes problematic). Tied together with the lyric in Opportunities: 'I doctored in mathematics/I could've been a don', the nuances are subtle and interesting. The almost triumphant yet existential-based Tonight is Forever generates images of glory and failure, pleading and confidence, subtle and direct, an interesting paradox.<br />Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe have continued their collaboration (with the great assistance of many others) to produce ever more complex and interesting albums, not all of which have been successful, commercially or artistically. While Please is not their best album, it is certain a classic, and very much the seed from which all the rest of their sound derives (a dialogue lyric on a later album states 'you've both made such a little go a very long way'). Everything on any future album of the Pet Shops Boys is present in some form here. A must have for any collector of the Pet Shop Boys or of 1980s pop culture and music.nd interesting. The almost triumphant yet existential-based Tonight is Forever generates images of glory and failure, pleading and confidence, subtle and direct, an interesting paradox.<br />Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe have continued their collaboration (with the great assistance of many others) to produce ever more complex and interesting albums, not all of which have been successful, commercially or artistically. While Please is not their best album, it is certain a classic, and very much the seed from which all the rest of their sound derives (a dialogue lyric on a later album states 'you've both made such a little go a very long way'). Everything on any future album of the Pet Shops Boys is present in some form here. A must have for any collector of the Pet Shop Boys or of 1980s pop culture and music.
B000006NUW|5.0|The 90s glut of artist and era box sets seemed to perform the same duty  Motown's near hundreds of 60s collections do: codify and classify a wealthy, sentimental generation's shared memories by artist, era, style. But a handful of box sets managed to do all three, which is the major triumph of this essential 4CD Motown box set.<br />Motown's many slogans -- \\"It's what's in the groove that count,\\" \\"The sound of young America.\\" apply to these songs epitomizing the 1960s at its most youthful (the Marvellettes and Supremes' first hits), energetic (the Contours, Smokey Robinson's propulsive first Miracles' hits, the Vandellas' \\"Dancing In The Street\\"), heartbroken (Jimmy Ruffin, his brother David solo and leading the Temptations) innocent (the Jackson 5's first hits, Mary Wells' \\"My Guy,\\" resting with the Temps' \\"My Girl\\"), and angry (\\"War,\\" \\"Cloud Nine,\\" Marvin Gaye's seismic \\"What's Going On.\\")<br />Rarely has a CEO's vision been so forthright, hands-on, yet fully realized. Motown founder Berry Gordy's life story, his own career and careers he made and helped ruin, has been retold uncounted times (most recently by Gerald Pozner and notably by the man himself). Gordy's vision was of young and talented singers, songwriters and producers groomed for success, pushed by competition to write and sing danceable, present-tense songs leaping from car radio speakers, then performed in the world's greatest showplaces. Motown succeeded beyond even his dreams even as some of that talent discovered its financial and artistic potential, then left Motown with occasional success (Gladys Knight, the Isley Brothers during their mid-60s stay) and tragic failure (Wells). Gordy's ambition and his methods to achieve and maintain success are debatable; his results and Motown's legacy leadership are not.<br />After 105 tracks (charted in a lengthy essay booklet with six writers' contributions)it's still not enough. Smokey's smooth \\"Ooo Baby Baby\\" and \\"Tracks of My Tears\\" makes you want &quot;Going to A GoGo&quot;'s stomping dance groove. The Temps sing their signature songs (\\"The Way You Do The Things You Do,\\" \\"I Can't Get Next To You\\") and you want Ruffin's and Eddie Kendricks' soul shouting on 1967's otherworldly \\"You're My Everything.\\" (The set puts unduly spotlights 1970's Motown hits at the expenses of the label's sterling 1965-67 era.) But &quot;Hitsville&quot; also fetes lesser-known Motown stars (two songs each from Shorty Long and later Motown songwriters Eddie Holland and Brenda Holloway, the Monitors' eerie \\"Greetings, This is Uncle Sam\\"). Before releasing 1993's less essential \\"Hitsville Volume 2,\\" (covering 1972 onward) Motown could have gathered a second box from 60s leftovers (and probably considered it).<br />Motown's legend parallels Disney, Playboy, Microsoft, and Ford Motors (Gordy's former employer) and any corporation built from scratch and recognized by quality, efficiency, lifestyle and logo, all stamped by its leader. Motown influences popular culture to this day, and comprises one of music's richest songbooks in terms of consistent quality and profitability. (The Funk Brothers Motown backup band, only now receiving its due with a successful DVD and concert tour, are the latest example.) You can get Motown music anywhere you look or listen. You can get the most and best of it here. You ought to.;Going to A GoGo&quot;'s stomping dance groove. The Temps sing their signature songs (\\"The Way You Do The Things You Do,\\" \\"I Can't Get Next To You\\") and you want Ruffin's and Eddie Kendricks' soul shouting on 1967's otherworldly \\"You're My Everything.\\" (The set puts unduly spotlights 1970's Motown hits at the expenses of the label's sterling 1965-67 era.) But &quot;Hitsville&quot; also fetes lesser-known Motown stars (two songs each from Shorty Long and later Motown songwriters Eddie Holland and Brenda Holloway, the Monitors' eerie \\"Greetings, This is Uncle Sam\\"). Before releasing 1993's less essential \\"Hitsville Volume 2,\\" (covering 1972 onward) Motown could have gathered a second box from 60s leftovers (and probably considered it). <br />Motown's legend parallels Disney, Playboy, Microsoft, and Ford Motors (Gordy's former employer) and any corporation built from scratch and recognized by quality, efficiency, lifestyle and logo, all stamped by its leader. Motown influences popular culture to this day, and comprises one of music's richest songbooks in terms of consistent quality and profitability. (The Funk Brothers Motown backup band, only now receiving its due with a successful DVD and concert tour, are the latest example.) You can get Motown music anywhere you look or listen. You can get the most and best of it here. You ought to.
B00009MGQL|5.0|Jeff Beck's a rarity! A fully paid-up member of the 60's rock guitar aristocracy, he has always been at LEAST one step ahead of the pack. Never content to mark time or rehash old ideas, Beck had hardly finished drawing up the blueprint for 70's hard rock and metal when he was off into fusion hyperspace with Jan Hammer. And always, whether working on his own projects or playing hired gun for the likes of Stevie Wonder, Tina Turner or Mick Jagger, Jeff NEVER sounds like anyone but himself!! Anyway, that was then! So where do we find his restless spirit in this new century? Deep in techno territory, totally immersed in sounds normally associated with under 25s and not only sounding completely at home but obviously having a blast!<BR>More in the vein of &quot;You had it coming&quot; than &quot;Who Else?&quot; this one floors it from the off with furious beats and nasty automotive tones abounding and the guitar poking through in all the right places. As other reviewers have noted, the guitar plays a more textural, organic role on many of the tracks: witness the tasty slide riffs on &quot;Plan B&quot; and the in-the-pocket, chicken-fried funk of &quot;Pay Me No Mind&quot;. But just when you think you've got a handle on the man, Beck pulls out an ecstatic solo like those in &quot;Seasons&quot; or &quot;Bulgaria&quot; and clean takes your breath away! Have mercy!! Six strings speaking in tongues - Carlos himself would be proud!!<BR>I defy any player of ANY generation to produce anything as cutting edge and totally genuine as this  - make no mistake, this 59 year old rocker's on a roll!<br />...so WHAT are you waiting for? One-click-it!!
6304045824|5.0|I'AM A NICOLAS CAGE FAN, I ENJOY WATCHING ALL HIS MOVIES. LEAVING LAS VEGAS NEARLY TORE MY HEART APART. I COULN'T WATCH IT AGAIN FOR A LONG TIME. I WAS SO MOVED BY HIS PREFORMENCE. IT WAS THE SADDEST MOVIE I HAVE SEEN.BUT I STILL LOVE IT . NICOLAS CAGE OUT DID HIS SELF IN THIS MOVIE. HE IS SUCH A GREAT ACTOR.  I'AM MAKING A COLLECTION JUST OF ALL HIS MOVIES.           THANK YOU FOR LETTING ME PUT IN MY REVIEW  DONNA HAMMAN
0805017445|5.0|I have a 7 year-old son, and this book still remains his favorite book of all time!  He started reading it a few years ago, and you would think it was a new experience each time he reads it now.  He actually has the book memorized, but loves the illustrations and \\"reading\\" it to everyone who will listen. I highly recommend this book for all little ones who can read or be read to.
B000002LPD|5.0|Simply put this is the best work Van Halen has ever done as a band. They are super tight on this album which came at their peak. There really is nothing even close to a bad song on it which is amazing. All the songs find VH playing the heaviest and fastest in your face music they ever recorded. Sammy wails as only he can and Eddie is solid as ever. Awesome!!
B0000BWVCM|5.0|The first movie looked good at the time, but once X2 came out, there was no competition. This movie makes the original look frankly boring.  More action, more trouble, and more characters (Pyro, Stryker, and of course The Incredible Nightcrawler) make this a movie no one can miss.
B00005YW4H|5.0|I never knew silence and quiet could sound so poweful. Nora's gentle voice, her subtle sounds, the sound of her compositions are all completely delicious. This Texas native has certainly brought a smile to my face. While listening to her songs, literally, I am suddenly wrapped in tentacles and taken undersea to a completely delicious fantasy place of such color and vibrancy, proof that the sublime is much more powerful than the overly sung. &quot;Come away with me in the night....&quot;
B00005JLXE|3.0|Its an ok movie but i would rent it first to see if you like it. I dont think it is worth buying but to watch a couple of times would be fine.
B00006LI26|5.0|This album is very different than anything Helloween has put out ever since. But this, in my opinion is their gem. This is straight up Speed metal, and its damn right amazing. The guitars are so melodic, the bass makes my skin crawl, and the pounding drums just make the whole sound elevate to a next level. On Walls of Jericho, you get to hear Kai Hansen singing his brains out and he does an amazing job at it. &quot;Ride the Sky&quot; is one of the most amazing songs I have ever heard, the guitars are really melodic. &quot;reptile&quot; has always been one of my favorites, on the chorus part, you can hear the bass follow Kai's voice, that makes the hair on the back of my neck stand up! &quot;Heavy Metal is the law&quot; has got to be the coolest Heavy Metal anthem ever, this song would make even Man O War bow down to them. In short, you have to get this album to understand why so many years after its release, it is still regarded as one of the best speed metal albums ever. (The review on the bottom is also me, only that first I had done it anonymous).
B00005JKZV|5.0|It is even better than the first one and i promise you will like it.
B0000255CL|5.0|Immortal, one of the most famous black metal bands to have ever come out of Scandinavia. On this album , &quot;At The Heart of Winter&quot;  the furious 100 mph guitar riffs and  drum blasts, give way to still 100% agression but a more melodic, compact sound. This is a brilliant record that in good Immortal fashion, keeps on with the Nordic theme and gives us treasures like &quot;Tragedies Blow at Horizon&quot;and&quot;Solarfall&quot; , the songs on this album are amoung the best immortal has ever written. The production on this album is also superior to anything they had put out before this, the guitar sounds are very clear and  every single note seems to be in the perfect place, its amazing, considering how fast  Immortal plays.  The art work is also impressive, by just looking at the cover you get a sense of what the music is going to be like..dark, cold, and PERFECT.
B00003CXXM|5.0|It is one of my favorite movies. I realy like it and if you like action, mystery and more than you will love this movie.
B00005K9LM|4.0|Defenders Of The Faith is a solid release from Judas Priest and remains their last strong album. While there isn't anything here as catchy as \\"Living After Midnight\\" or \\"You've Got Another Thing Comin'\\", there's nothing bad either. \\"The Sentinel\\" is the best track on the album while the melodic \\"Some Heads Are Gonna Roll\\" and the super heavy \\"Freewheel Burning\\", and the power ballad \\"Night Comes Down\\" are not far behind. Other songs like \\"Love Bites\\", \\"Jawbreaker\\", and \\"Eat Me Alive\\" are also strong tracks. The metal anthems \\"Rock Hard, Ride Free\\" and \\"Heavy Duty/Defenders Of The Faith\\" are okay but don't touch the anthems on their best albums (British Steel, Screaming For Vengeance, Hell Bent For Leather). This would be their last truly strong album as future releases such as Turbo and especially the albums with Ripper Owens would pale in comparison.
B00005OM4N|5.0|1. I'm A Slave 4 U - I don't like it at all, bad decision for the first single (5/10)<BR>2. Overprotected - One of my favourites!!! (10/10)<BR>3. Lonely - Cool track should be a single (10/10)<BR>4. I'm Not A Girl, Not Yet A Woman - Very Slow, i don't like it... (7.5/10)<BR>5. Boys - The remix sounds better (5/10)<BR>6. Anticipating - there's something strange in this song, in a good way (10/10)<BR>7. I Love Rock 'n' Roll - Why? When? How? (2/10)<BR>8. Cinderella - Really pure pop!! (10/10)<BR>9. Let Me Be - That song made me feel in Japan, doesn't it? (8/10)<BR>10. Bombastic Love - No Words. Perfect (1000000/10)<BR>11. That's Where You Take Me - I Like It, Reminds me of track 9, but better (10/10)<BR>12. When I Found You - Good track, slow (7.5/10)<BR>13. Before The Goodbye - That's one of the songs that i wunder why they don't made to the cut.... (9/10)<BR>14. What It's Like To Be Me - What The Hell??? (1/10)<br />* I Run Away - I very like the concept (10/10)<br />~*~*~*~ Final Score: 90!!! ~*~*~*~<br />Bottom Line: YOU SHOULD BUY IT
B000002H2H|5.0|Ride The Lightning is one of the best albums of the thrash/speed metal genre and along with their next album Master of Puppets is Metallica's best work. While their first album Kill 'Em All relied more on speed metal, Ride The Lightning showed the band expanding their musical horizons and their songwriting abilities, which would lead to their breakthrough in America.<br />Every track here is very strong with many of them becoming metal classics. The band wrote some of their best lyrics here as many of the tracks deal with personal issues such as drugs, death, and the struggle within. There is much diversity to be found here whether it's the excellent speed metal of &quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot; and &quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot; or the longer epics &quot;The Call Of Ktulu&quot;, the title track, and the awesome &quot;Creeping Death.&quot; The menacing &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot; and &quot;Escape&quot; are also very strong tracks. Then there's &quot;Fade To Black&quot;, the best track the band has ever recorded, and is to heavy metal what &quot;Stairway To Heaven&quot; is to classic rock. This is simply an incredible song, between its several different movements and its lyrics which tell of a man contemplating suicide. The guitar solo from Kirk Hammett during the song's outro is one of the best ever of the genre. Simply one of the best albums ever recorded in heavy metal. Highly recommended.
B000060P79|4.0|This punk CD is awesome with a combo of hard and soft music.
B00005K9LN|5.0|British Steel would be Judas Priest's breakthrough album and along with Screaming For Vengeance is their best work. Beginning with their previous studio album Hell Bent For Leather and then with this album, the band began to write shorter and catchier songs while sacrificing little of their metallic crunch. Rush did this around the same time with their Permanent Waves album. The result? A huge increase in popularity, new fans discovering their older albums, and a long recording and touring career for both bands.<br />Every track here is great, and the band still play many of these tracks live. &quot;Living After Midnight&quot; remains their catchiest and most enduring track and it still gets consistent airplay. &quot;Metal Gods&quot; and &quot;United&quot; are two of the best heavy metal anthems ever recorded. &quot;Grinder&quot;, &quot;The Rage&quot;, and especially &quot;Breaking The Law&quot; all contain great riffs and are very strong tracks. &quot;Rapid Fire&quot; and &quot;Steeler&quot; are the heaviest tracks and are both first rate. Finally, &quot;You Don't Have To Be Old To Be Wise&quot; is one of their most underrated tracks as well as one of their most melodic. This is one of the best British heavy metal albums ever recorded. Highly recommended.
B000002NFM|5.0|Back in 1997 when this heavy slab of techno/punk dropped, my small world and surroundings were given a massive kick in the shins: this album was like an absolution, and rebirth into a new realm of musical awareness. Although time and other better albums have taken away from this album, it still remains a really huge album, and everytime I listen to it I'm transported back into that summer of electronica, &quot;OK Computer&quot; and Hanson. Not to mention, now that I have a car with a 200-watt factory stereo, it sounds damn good played real loud with full bass. Not timeless, but a tremendous electronica album nonetheless.
0767802470|5.0|An excellent movie,superbly made. Even better than the U-571 (where in U-571 lacked in emotions,just kind of fast paced actions most of the time except at the end where the crew has to set up a decoy). Das Boot vividly painted the tensioons, emotions of the crew, so eventhough they are Hitler's soldiers, we are forced to symphatized with them. It also vividly painted the life of a submariner. <br />Hmmm, did you guys notice that lemon is the all time favourite fruits in the movie?<br />The only suggestion that I can give is : listen it in its original language (if you understand German), the english dialogues kind of neutralize the tensions/ emotions that the crews feels at the time.<br />If you could, check out the SUPERBIT version of this magnificent film. All the details is fanfastic. In the regular version, you could actually see shadow/grains in the corners of the screen.
B00000AFGM|5.0|First off, Marilyn Manson is not scary. He's merely a caricature put together by the media and record company to &quot;scare&quot; parents with his &quot;shocking and depraved&quot; values and supposed Satanity. MM is nothing more than good showman who'll do what his image demands.<BR>&quot;Antichrist Svperstar&quot; wasn't a very good record. Musically, there was a lot lacking, and without his image wouldn't have sold many copies. By flipping the tables in 1998 and turning glam for &quot;Mechanical Animals&quot;, he thankfully brought the tunes as well. Try as you might, you can't really deny the good melodies within this album, even if his voice is sometimes too much to take. Essentially divided into two types of songs, the album works very well and contains some excellent songs. The &quot;glammy&quot; songs put together by Omega and the Mechanical Animals like &quot;Rock is Dead&quot; &quot;I Don't like the Drugs...&quot; and &quot;The Dope Show&quot; are big, hooky riffs slathered in just the right amount of distorsion. The &quot;serious&quot; songs like the title track, &quot;Coma White&quot; and &quot;Speed of Pain&quot; are more down-beat, but still with some factor that elevates the song. Don't believe the bad hype: he may not be a very good person, but this album at least shows that Marilyn Manson (the artist and the band) are capable of some truly great music when they try.
0783229372|2.0|Amazon.com often asks reviewers to talk about the DVD, itself, rather than about story-line or acting.  Ok.   I have had experience in the studio system supervising the transfer of  films to tape.  Some studios have established a good reputation for their quality transfers, while others simply &quot;dump&quot; product on the market, a practice well known in the VHS format.  Universal (THE HINDENBURG) is one of the &quot;guality&quot; studios.  That's why I was surprised, and deeply disappointed in this DVD.  The opening title sequence is a lovely shot of the Hindenburg flying through the clouds.  The film element is loaded with huge scratches and much negative dirt; hardly a &quot;quality&quot; picture element.  Throughout, the picture is often grainy, and negative scratches abound.  The soundtrack is also very thin, presenting a tin-like quality; again, hardly the rich soundtracks that Universal is known for.  I belong to NETFLIX and use the service to preview those films I might want to own later.  Unfortunately, due to the poor quality of the transfer, this is one DVD I will pass on owning.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill's debut album has to be one of the most critically acclaimed albums (and certainly debuts) in the last 25 years. Listening to it a few times over, it is easy to see why: live instruments, a certain warmth and careful attention to small details, and of course extremely well-crafted songs. Sounding just as good singing as rapping, Lauryn put her heart and soul into this album, and the songs ooze passion: &quot;To Zion&quot; is a wonderful ode to her young son, &quot;Everything is Everything&quot; is an enlightening and uplifting soul song, and &quot;Ex-Factor&quot; is simply heartbreaking. Although the in-between-songs skits are sometimes too long and halt the album's flow, they are not given separate tracks, which really would have killed the album.  It's easy to see why the Grammys would honor Lauryn as much as they did: it's thought-provoking (kinda safe), warm and great music. Here's hoping all the acclaim hasn't killed her career: we're still waiting for the follow-up...
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is undoubtedly one of the best albums I will ever own. People can claim that Radiohead is pseudo-intellectual, moody, or whatever popular sentiment may be to discount this record. However, the bottomline is this: This is one of the most original, creative, and brilliant works someone could possibly hope for.
B000002J09|5.0|This is one of the best albums that I own! Very blusey. My favorite song is \\"Battle of Evermore\\" because it is very unusual. The next best song has to be \\"Black Dog\\" even though it is very sexual. I don't really like the lyrics to \\"Going to California\\" it sounds like a love sick beatnik turned hippie who decides to migrate to California. All those who said that Led Zepplin sucks should have thier ears torn off and be paraded atound town.
B00008J4P5|5.0|Almost every song on this disc is radio-worthy. Seven Nation Army is the strong radio song out of the gate, but I don't even think it's the best one here. There's no home for you here is my favorite so far. In the cold, cold night is the only track that I can do without. It's not that it's bad, but it just doesn't seem to live up to the rest of the disc.<BR><br />Based on this CD I bought White Blood Cells, but that disc just can't rock as well as this one.<BR>If you like what you've heard on the radio, you won't be disappointed after buying Elephant and hearing the rest.
B00000IMTH|5.0|I used to listen to this album when I was in High School (on vinyl!!) and just resurrected it on CD from my 'pile of discs'.  This album simply rocks the doors off the house!!  This is one of those rare times when everyone in a band simply synched.
B000083E79|5.0|Cher is so cool and she really looks great with blonde hair. This &quot;Very Best Of Cher&quot; cd is the best collection of her hits from her days with Sonny (in the sixties) to now. Every song is great and her music really got disco in the late seventies and then in the late nineties. I just love songs like Believe, All Or Nothing, Strong Enough, Song For The Lonely and her hip songs like Dark Lady and Gypsies, Tramps &amp; Thieves. The variety of songs and style are what really make me like this cd. I hope Cher continues to record because she is one of my favorite all time singers.
6304383177|5.0|This film is both hilarious and savage. Hilarious because when  baby  is a leopard, you're bound to have some problems. It is not very usual to go around New York or any other place with a leopard following you in your steps. It is savage too because the tame leopard is doubled with a real wild dangerous one, even if it does not look that dangerous on the screen. Savage because the heroin is just as wild as wild can be, as wild as any woman can be. She speaks like a machine gun. She interferes with the life of anyone with the lightest insouciance and light-headedness that she can imagine. And she drags the poor hero in some hectic and unbelievably absurd situations. It is considered as one of the best films with Katharine Hepburn and it sure looks like a good film even if it is an old RKO film in black and white and with no special effects. If we want to understand the career of this great lady we have to know this film. And you will enjoy it on top of it all.<br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
B0000648WZ|5.0|This movie is Great and the DVD has tons of extra features this one of my favorites.
B00008H2LE|1.0|I've seen this band live and omg do they stink! The cd is a follow up to an ok cd! This cd is full of mixed rock/songs! This cd is not a metal cd! Get that in your head now! I've heard every song on here and its too whiny! This band isn't even original with their song writing! I find it sad that on their dvd they had writers helping them to write songs! Their are songs like Faint, Somewhere I belong, and much more stuff your going to have to listen to on the radio! Do not buy this cd! Tell bands like Linkin Park that we want rap/rock to go away!
B00005221L|5.0|This movie is great.The DVD is good but I wish they would come out with a special edtion DVD with tons of extra stuff and mabye 2 disks. Don't get me wrong though this DVD is still good.
6304602898|5.0|Your the kind of person who didn't shed a tear when old yeller got blasted... This movie was made to be dumb... All your serious raters are like its too violent! WOW! I bet you don't let your kids watch cable! This movie is not too violent! You people are making me laugh! This movie is great! I'm in my 20's and I still love this movie! I don't care about the actors! The movie is great! You want a movie to diss, go see Jackass! This movie is a classic! I hope the visitors of Amazon have a sense of humor cause you love this movie!
0790739909|1.0|This movie was completely idiotic. The entire idea of the angels not being able to feel was mishandled (see the &quot;What does a pear taste like?&quot; scene. How is someone who could never taste supposed to know what &quot;sugary sand&quot; tastes like? But Cage's character just nods. Terrible.) The &quot;plot twist&quot; was ridiculous. And yes, the angels do look ominous. Meg Ryan was miscast as a heart surgeon. This is simply not worth watching. However, as a result of this crappy movie, I have been introduced to Wim Wender's version, which I will check out as it sounds far superior. The one star is for that.
B00006RU5B|3.0|This is a cd for an average listner! This is not Rage Against The Machine! No politics! The cd was made by a band who just wanted to make a cd! I like the cd... Its not boring like the old Sound Garden stuff.... God I fell asleep to that trash... I like the sound of Audioslave its not original.. but who is now days? I thought the cd was nice... its better then Nickleback! The vocal skills of Chris Cornell is awesome! If you want a cd with average songs and not big song concepts... BUY THIS CD! Thanks for reading, peace out!
B000000IVW|5.0|This album is too good for words, but I'll describe it anyway. First of all, if you hate this album, then You're Crazy! It's So Easy to like this music. The first song, Welcome to the Jungle is  probably one of the best on this album. It's not as good as Mr. Brownstone and It's So Easy though. The song doesn't have any swaring in it and isn't 7 hours long.(it's amazing, huh, Ted Nugent.)<br />Welcome to the Jungle:5.0 out of 5.0<br />In It's So Easy, it either has a different singer or Axl is disgusing his voice. But, I'm certainly not complaining. Arguably one of the two best songs on this thing.<br />It's So Easy: 5.0 out of 5.0<br />&quot;I'm ready to crash and burn, I never learn, I'm on the Nightrain.&quot; This song is cool. I think it's the worst song on Appetite for Destruction, but it's better than most other songs by other bands. Another masterpiece by Guns N Roses.<br />Nightrain:4.9 out of 5.0<br />The second song with cussing in it is Out Ta Get Me. The first one was It's So Easy. Two thumbs up. The fourth song on this album was not as impressive as Welcome to the Jungle or even Paradise City, but another 5.0 for Appetite for Destruction.<br />Out Ta Get Me: 5.0 out of 5.0<br />#3 with the cuss words is Mr. Brownstone, but, hey, IT'S GOOD! If I could give this and It's So Easy a 6.0, I probably would. Again, Axl changes his voice like in songs such as It's So Easy.<br />Mr. Brownstone: 5.0 out of 5.0<br />Take me down to the Paradise City. Not one of the best but good. I don't have much description for this song.<br />Paradise City: 5.0 out of 5.0<br />My Michelle is the start of the more love-type songs, but that's no reason to not like it. This song, Think About You and Anything Goes are all like the same song only with a different aspect. They all get 5.0.<br />My Michelle:5.0 out of 5.0<br />Think About You: 5.0 out of 5.0<br />Anything Goes: 5.0 out of 5.0<br />Sweet Child O Mine is pretty slow song. It contains some boring stuff in it but overall it's a great song.<br />Sweet Child O Mine: 5.0 out of 5.0<br />The final song with cussing is You're Crazy. It's a very good song and is the best on the love songs. Good job, Guns and Roses!<br />You're Crazy:5.0 out of 5.0<br />No information for Rocket Queen available.<br />Rocket Queen:5.0<br />Let's review:<br />Welcome to the Jungle:5<br />It's So Easy:5<br />Nightrain:4.9<br />Out Ta Get Me:5<br />Mr. Brownstone:5<br />Paradise City:5<br />My Michelle:5<br />Think About You:5<br />Sweet Child O Mine:5<br />You're Crazy:5<br />Anything Goes:5<br />Rocket Queen:5<br />That's a .998, giving Appetite for Destruction a close to perfect score. 5 STARS!d O Mine: 5.0 out of 5.0<BR>The final song with cussing is You're Crazy. It's a very good song and is the best on the love songs. Good job, Guns and Roses!<BR>You're Crazy:5.0 out of 5.0<BR>No information for Rocket Queen available.<BR>Rocket Queen:5.0<BR>Let's review:<BR>Welcome to the Jungle:5<BR>It's So Easy:5<BR>Nightrain:4.9<BR>Out Ta Get Me:5<BR>Mr. Brownstone:5<BR>Paradise City:5<BR>My Michelle:5<BR>Think About You:5<BR>Sweet Child O Mine:5<BR>You're Crazy:5<BR>Anything Goes:5<BR>Rocket Queen:5<BR>That's a .998, giving Appetite for Destruction a close to perfect score. 5 STARS!
B000092ZYX|3.0|I must say Radiohead is heading into a different direction.... This cd is full of mood music that will not make you angry or anything! The cd is full of anti-war messages. That doesn't bother me.. What bothered me is the cd sounds the same all the way through... Yes I liked the cd.. just not enough to say I loved it.... All the werid techno feel to it and whiny vocals made this cd one just to listen to 3 times. Don't buy this cd unless your a die hard..... Peace out....
B0000AKCLS|5.0|Joe's 3rd (4th if you count Bloodline) and his BEST!!!!! And the first two were GREAT! Joe gives a lesson in &quot;Hard Modern Blues&quot; to some old classics as well as a few terrific originals that fit in well. &quot;Burning Hell&quot;, Blues Deluxe&quot;, &quot;Woke Up Dreaming&quot; and &quot;Walking Blues&quot; will have you cranking the volume to maximum levels....... if driving an automobile better make sure the radar detector is on! Absolutely terrific piece of work. Blues or Rock album (CD) of the year! PICK THIS ONE UP NOW!!!! Cheers!
B000066NW0|1.0|So this is what is sounds like to hear music die? This girl doesnt have a creative bone in her body. Everything about her is manufactured. This is a girl who grew up singing Shania Twain and Dixie Chix songs!! How in the world can she think that she's a punk rocker? Punk rockers are rebels who speak their minds about social injustices going on in society. Avril is some shallow girl from canada marketed to be something she is not to the TRL teenybopper crowd. Avoid this and save yourselves. Go listen to Bob Marley, Nirvana, The Beatles. Go listen to music back when it was art.<br />Long live The Ramones!!
B000089CJI|5.0|I'll keep my review short... I cannot stop listening to this album.    Edit:  Too much radio play killed this album for me.  After a couple of months, I couldn't really bear to hear any more Postal Service... one of my shorter obessions with an album.  I'm sure I'll give another listen down the road...
B00006RCNW|5.0|&quot;The Shield&quot; is great television, period. There will be those who complain that it only pushes certain buttons of a visceral kind. And it does that. However, the performances in this show set it apart from anything else on television. The cast is top notch. The setting is like nothing else on TV today. It is as pivotal for television cop dramas as were &quot;Hill Street Blues&quot; and &quot;NYPD Blue.&quot;<br />Detective Vic Mackay and his Strike Team tend to cross the line in pursuit of &quot;justice.&quot; They leave their calling card where they strike to let the criminals know who runs the streets of Farmington. Their methods, while effective, tend to skirt what the Supreme Court has ruled as being legal for law enforcement. And, they aren't above padding their &quot;retirement fund&quot; along the way.<br />Their Captain is a man whose ambition runs beyond his run down precinct. Mackay's methods have a tendency to cause him problems. They work together when it's needed, but are more likely to be butting heads.<br />The first season of this show is great. The commentary tracks are worth a listen to get the cast and crew perspective on this cutting edge series.<br />Watch closely and you'll be able to see for yourself the scene in which Michael Chiklis walks away with a richly deserved Emmy Award.
B00006L7XQ|5.0|The gaul of some people...just because the man spent sixty years of his life in a drug and alcohol-induced stupor! Who are they to pass judgement! Just because he threw his wife down a flight of stairs..so what? Does that make him a bad person? What's the big deal that he gave free concerts for the benefit of murderers, rapists, and armed robbers? I don't see anything wrong with that! Johnny Cash was an American icon--a New Age American Icon---but an American Icon nonetheless! If you have a problem with a junkie, alcoholic, wife-beater who champions the cause of convicted murderers, the problem is yours not Mr. Cash's! If in recent years the man looked two-hundred years old and all shriveled-up like an archaic prune because of his drug and alcohol habits, that's none of your business! This is America---home of the free! A man can do whatever he wants with his own body and his own life! If he throws his wife down the stairs---who are you to criticize him? Maybe his wife enjoyed being thrown down the stairs and being beaten to a pulp! How dare you assume Mr. Cash exhibited any improper behavior toward his spouse! The fact that his voice sounded like that of a constipated toad is no concern of yours! This is 2003 America, remember? Jennifer Lopez, Snoop Dog, Beyonce Knowles are all musical geniuses! Good taste, talent, beauty are all relative terms. If he sang off-key and couldn't hold a note long enough to blink an eyelash, so what? There are other more important criteria for discerning a talented performer from an untalented one. For instance, look at the marvelous black outfits he wore! What elegance! This man had character and panache, you just couldn't see it! And Oh how he hurt! He hurt so much that he often cried all the way to the bank to check on his millions of dollars. And if he didn't give away his earthly possessions to help the poor like the Good Book says, it's none of your business! Remember, we no longer live in an age where morality, decency, propriety, or common sense matter. The fact that Mr. Cash was a very marginal talent who made millions while looking and sounding like a deranged mortician doesn't give you the right to judge this man's character! He was a great American legend. An icon. Alcoholic? So what? Drug addict? So what? Wife Beater? So what? Friend of convicted murderers? So what. Such things don't matter. He was a true American legend. God bless Johnny Cash and may our children grow up to be just like him in every way!
B000002JOH|5.0|Hmm... how to describe Pantera's 1992 hit &quot;Vulgar Display Of Power&quot;? Heavy, fast, brutal, smart, angry, catchy, fun, deep, threatening. Keep out of reach of children under four.<br />This is one AWESOME album. (Especially when you're driving!) There is a REASON it went to #1 on the charts eleven years ago. Take, for instance, the first track: &quot;Mouth For War&quot;. The opening METAL riff, and Phil Anselmo screaming &quot;REVENGE! I'm screaming revenge again!&quot; will give you a good taste for the rest of the album. (And nothing beats that breakneck ending.) Yes, on tracks 1 - 4 (all awesome), Dimebag Darrell's heavy, crushing riffs, paired along with Rex Brown's quick bass and Vinnie Paul's insane drumming, will help you get your mosh pit into high gear. (Gotta love those last 20 seconds of &quot;[Edit] Hostile&quot;.)<br />But then, track five, you get a curveball...or so you are led to believe. (Heh heh heh.) &quot;This Love&quot; starts off with a gentle riff, and Phil Anselmo singing (!!!). But make no mistake: this ain't Bon Jovi. You realize that as soon as the chorus kicks in. Great song. And we can't forget &quot;Rise&quot;, can we? Arguably the best song on the album, combining political lyrics, heavy riffs, a fast beat, and Phil Anselmo screaming &quot;WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOUR MIIIIIIND!!!!!&quot;. Pure audio bliss.<br />I could go on for quite awhile on how killer this album is, but I'll just shut up now and let the music speak for itself. So buy it already!<br />RE! SPECT! WALK!
B00000I8NC|5.0|Of all the CD's in my vast and ever-expanding collection, &quot;Slow Riot For New Zero Kanada&quot; may well provide the best &quot;mood music.&quot;  Blurring the lines between rock and the symphony, instrumental ensemble Godspeed You Black Emperor prove that modern music doesn't need vocals to be powerful and evocative.  This music is intense, darkly emotive and always brilliantly crafted and played.  In less than half an hour, &quot;Slow Riot For New Zero Kanada&quot; displays more power than 99 percent of the bands on the radio will in their whole careers.<br />The opener &quot;Moya&quot; may start out as a slow and minimal string-driven song, but that doesn't last long.  It soon evolves into an incredibly dense, cathartic soundscape, with new instruments entering the fray until they build to a thunderous crescendo.  Although this music is largely orchestral and genuinely pretty, make no mistake: these guys can rock.  Hard-hitting drums and piercing guitars join with the exquisite strings to create mammoth swells of eerie orchestration.  Grand melodies abound throughout the song, resulting in an epic, symphonic sweep that few can match.<br />The second track, &quot;BBF3,&quot; may be even more entrancing.  This song doesn't have any vocals, but it does introduce some words in the form of a paranoid rant interspersed with the music.  Rather than becoming a distraction, however, the dialogue only serves to add to the song's already dramatic air.  Not that GYBE need much help in creating drama: &quot;BBF3&quot; exploits tension and dynamics in a manner that would make Mogwai proud.  Quiet, subdued passages build anticipation before giving way to full-on onslaughts that may actually make you bang your head.  Around the seven- and twelve- minute marks, there are transitions so well-executed they had me twitching from pleasure overload, and you may well find yourself having a similar experience.<br />Perhaps most importantly, this album (or EP, as the case may be), is made to last.  Although the inital jolt of hearing these songs is often staggering, repeated listens reveal even more wrinkles, ensuring that anyone with an ear for detail can find hours of enjoyment here.  For the discriminating music listener, this CD is a must.  So dig in.s made to last.  Although the inital jolt of hearing these songs is often staggering, repeated listens reveal even more wrinkles, ensuring that anyone with an ear for detail can find hours of enjoyment here.  For the discriminating music listener, this CD is a must.  So dig in.
B00006JK1R|2.0|I give Men in Black II a score of 2.5 stars out of 5.<br />Well,the men in black are back,but not better than ever.This movie isn't that great.Its slightly entertaining though,and some parts are sort of funny.The storyline is not very great though which means the movie isnt that great.Its not a total disaster but its far from being good.If you don't see Men in Black II your not going to miss anything special but if you do see it then you might have a slighty decent time watching it.I would say you should rent it.Its not worth buying though.Oh yeah,and one more thing,Johnny Knoxville is in this movie.Just wanted to tell you that.
B0000AZJXQ|5.0|Thirteenth Step is obviously the best album of the year.  Billy Howerdel is the best composer that we have in hundreds of years.  MJK's lyrics are very meaningful as they are on every other album he has been on.  It is more mellow than Mer De Noms, and has lot of different things about it(an electric banjo for an example).  Any person who is a fan of APC, or Maynard, will love this album.
B000069CWE|5.0|cmon guys we all know that the real beauty within this cd along with all the other good songs is Kyur4 th Ich!!!!! Its a unique audio experience. even if u dont like linkin park ull probably like this awesome song
B00004YM0D|5.0|I sat and looked at the movie again tonight after it sat in the cabinet for a long while.  The movie and the soundtrack makes one think about the days gone by and how we (the people) got along. The film is history, the soundtrack takes you back to days gone by. This film is a good investment of music that will never grow old or die. It will live forever as part of history. Invest and enjoy. You'll be glad you did.  It is a great mix of how soulful, hip-hop, classical, and rock can come together to make an exciting soundtrack that will go down in the history books.
0553208845|2.0|This was an okay book, I guess, but I didn't like it very much- it seems like it would be more suited to be read by boys than by girls.<br />The characters didn't seem to be very substantial- you learned more about the Buddhist religion and achieving Nirvana than about the main character himself, Siddhartha.<br />Siddhartha is the son of a Brahmin, and is big and smart and is expected to be a holy man. He decides he wants to be a Samana (a kind of holy beggar that searches for inner peace in harsh conditions), though, and goes off. His travels lead him to a Buddha, then on the earth, that tries to teach to other people. His best friend joins with the Buddha, named Gotama, and Siddhartha decides that he does not need to be taught- he needs to teach himself.<br />He walks on, and somes to a village where he gets rich in the merchant business, is befriended by a courtesan, Kamala (who seems quite stupid, and is pretty much the only girl in the book), and gets for the most part un-enlightened.<br />He realizes his mistake, though, eventually, after twenty years and goes and finds inner peace from the old ferry man who rafts down the river. His son that he had with Kamala is left with him after Kamala dies from a snake bite, and then his son runs away.<br />His old friend that joined the Buddha, who later died, finds him rafting down the river on the ferry and thinks he's kind of crazy at first. Then he realizes that Siddhartha has actually found enlightenment, and is in awe.<br />Like I said, I don't really like this book. I might if the plot was a bit more complex, but this is, in all essence of the words, just the bare facts of the life of Siddhartha, who later became Buddha.
B0000BYM3K|5.0|I will start by saying all you people that have bashed on this new album, Dance of Death, have no f***ing clue what you are talking about.  This album is not only great, but it is one of the best EVER!  The lyrics are getting better by the album as well as their solos and overall skill.  Paschendale is, by far, my favorite song on this album, but there are many that are up there with it in quality and greatness. It's lyrics make you think, the solo section is great, and the chorus is very powerful.  The single, Wildest Dreams, is a great song, not so interesting at first, but the more you listen, the more it crawls into your brain and becomes a great song.  Rainmaker is AWESOME but not long enough.  No More Lies is good.  Montsegur is an INCREDIBLE FISTSHAKING song (along with Wrathchild and 2 Minutes to Midnight)  It is just incredible, I love it, the chorus, the harmonies.....everything. DoD-Title song, great!  Gates of Tomorrow has an AWESOME 3 PART vocal chorus.  New Frontier, GOOD JOB NICKO!  And the last 3 songs are good, but not so much like any classic Maiden song.<br />Now, for all you f*gs that bash on Steve and Janick, read this.  You people don't know jack-sh*t.  Steve Harris is one of the greatest bassists ever and that stuff you call &quot;muddy&quot; is what real musicians call good.  The so-called &quot;mud&quot; is actually called ronchyness and it is one of the main factors of why Steve's bass sounds so awesome.  About Janick, he is not only an awesome guitarist, but one of the best live performers in the music business.  The fact that he dances and plays all the riffs and solos note for note at the same time makes him so incredible.  Besides, his solos are better than anything any of you can play.  I mean, come on...he fights with Eddie on stage while STILL PLAYING!!, how AWESOME is that?!?!?!  Having 3 guitarists is awesome and they use that to their advantage on this new album.  To all of you who can't hear the 3 part guitar harmonies..... LICKMY B*LLS.  <br />For all the people that think the sound quality on this album sucks, the only reason you think like that is because you are used to something I call &quot;studio magic&quot;.  You are the people that like all the new stupid music that have good quality in the studio but aren't really good musicians because they fix it all up in the studio to where they don't even have to play most of the music.  On Brave New World and Dance of Death, Iron Maiden doesn't use any studio magic, they play their songs like it's live, from beginning to end, no stops.  The only over-dubbing they do is vocal harmony, seeing as how there is only one Bruce.<br />So over all, this is one of Maiden's best works ever.  I recommend everyone in the world to buy this album.  UP THE IRONS!!!!!!!!!!
0743455967|5.0|&quot;The story is the most important part of the story&quot; could accurately sum up Stephen Kings book on writing.  <br />The first half of the book is autobiographical.  Stephen takes us through his childhood, discussing key events in his development as a person and a writer.  This sets the context for the experiences he later writes about.<br />The second half is the &quot;On Writing&quot; part, where he gives advice to aspiring fiction writers.  He covers technical aspects (be concise) as well as tips on the creative process (don't sweat the plot, create situations and be true to what the characters would do in them).  He describes the process of writing as &quot;finding a fossil&quot; - the fossil of the story is out there, use the most subtle tools out there to share the fossil.<br />At the end, Steve covers his current status and recovery from a near death experience at the hands of an errant van driver.  Perhaps this is the most touching part of the story.<br />This book does capture some very useful nuggets of information, and will be especially useful to avid king readers.  In that sense, it isn't just a trade book for writers.  Enjoy!
B00005JLWN|5.0|I went into this not expecting much from the movie. I was drawn to it because I like Christian Bale and Sean Bean and I do enjoy films like &quot;The Matrix.&quot;<br />This film is actually surprisingly fun! If you are a fan of &quot;The Matrix&quot; movies then you will definitely enjoy the cool effects and action sequences.  Having read George Orwell's &quot;1984&quot; in college, it is easy to recognize the dominant theme of this idealized society based on the 'big brother is watching you' theory. But all this aside, i enjoyed it because of the  fantastic cast, impressive action sequences and involving plot.  Christian Bale shines as the main hero, John Preston,  and Taye Diggs as his ambitious partner. Sadly, Sean Bean has a minor albeit vital role as Preston's former partner, Partridge.  John Preston in this film is like Neo Anderson is to &quot;The Matrix.&quot;  Both characters have impressive physical prowess and convictions but they must go through a journey of self-discovery along the way.  As such, the final 'showdown' in Equilibrium is an exciting and thrilling ride.<br />All that aside, I highly recommend this film to sci-fi fans everywhere.  It didn't smash any records in the box office but it finally is getting the attention it deserves on DVD. People are discovering this addicting and enjoyable film and I'm glad to have discovered it myself.  In fact, after renting this film at my local video store, I turned around and bought a copy for myself!
B000002AGM|5.0|This has to be one of the best albums ever made.  Miles played at the height of his warmth throughout on his second amazing orchestral recording with Gil Evans.  Gil's arrangements are also classics and masterful works of art.  His lone composition on this effort, &quot;Blues For Pablo&quot;, is a brilliant, slow Spanish blues.  Miles plays this piece with perfect interpretation.  John Carisi's &quot;Springsville&quot; is one of the album's best compositions and Miles plays the crap out of it.  A great opener for the album.  Carisi also wrote the Birth Of The Cool's &quot;Israel&quot;, and &quot;Springsville&quot; is infinitely better.  Miles returns to Spanish inflections with Leo Delibes classical piece &quot;The Maids Of Cadiz&quot;.  This piece is hauntingly beautiful and segways into Dave Brubeck's cool, &quot;The Duke&quot;.  Gil Evans really put Duke into &quot;The Duke&quot; on this one.  Beautiful interpretations of Ira Gershwin and Kurt Weill's &quot;My Ship&quot; and the extraordinary Miles and Gil collaboration on the cool title track.  Miles pays tribute to Ahmad Jamal with his composition &quot;New Rhumba&quot;, which is arranged for big band.  Paul Chambers plays some beautiful bass in this one.  Great slow blues medley with &quot;The Meaning Of The Blues/Lament&quot;, the latter being a J.J. Johnson composition and probably his most famous work, all of which Miles and the band play through beautifully.  The finale, &quot;I Don't Want To Be Kissed By Anyone But You&quot; is a technically challenging and simultaneously extremely enjoyable piece with Miles trading with the big band.  Check out the trumpet section: Ernie Royal smacking out the Double A at the end, Bernie Glow, another legend, and Taft Jordan, who was compared to Louis Armstrong (perhaps an unfair comparison, as NO ONE can play like Louis).  These guys back up Miles perfectly.  Lee Konitz can be heard on alto saxophone, although nobody really solos besides Miles.  Paul Chambers plays bassand Art Taylor takes drums.  Although there is no actual pianist, a few Gil Evans piano chords can be heard in certain places.  <br />This is a wonderful album.  I memorized it and played along with the whole album in one day.  It is one of my favorite albums.  As another reviewer already stated, the remaster is poor as the brass is way too soft.  The original remaster is much better (it was released in 1993, the original album recorded in 1957).  Get it!
B000002IVF|3.0|&quot;Thousand Roads&quot; was David Crosby's third solo album and his least successful effort by far (it did not even come close to the Billboard Top 100).  The reason for this was simply that for the most part Crosby was not singing his own songs: he wrote the title track and co-wrote a pair of other songs, including the one single from the album, &quot;Hero,&quot; with Phil Collins.  The rest of the songs were written by notable songwriters such as Jimmy Webb and Stephen Bishop.  Crosby was trying to prove himself to be an interpretive singer, a phase that was quickly abandoned.  The chief part of Crosby's charm was that he was such a distinctive vocalist, and on &quot;Thousand Roads&quot; he moves away from that.  This is a bit disappointing because the album starts off with its three strongest tracks in &quot;Hero,&quot; &quot;Too Young to Die,&quot; and &quot;Old Soldier.&quot;  But overall there are too many times when David Crosby does not sound like David Crosby for this to be anywhere near as good as &quot;Oh Yes I Can&quot; or as great as &quot;If I Could Only Remember My Name.&quot;  If those are four star and five star albums respectively, then this one has to be a three.  If you are a fan of Cosby's vocals that is not going to matter, but this is not an album for the casual listener.
0440237688|4.0|Jonas is a young, eleven year old boy.  He lives in what is typically referred to as a Utopia.  In this society, everything appears to be perfect and no one has any problems.  Every December, during the \\"Ceremonies,\\" the \\"Children of Twelve\\" receive their assignments, or jobs in their community.  Jonas is chosen to be the next \\"Receiver of Memory.\\"  This is the highest position in his community and he must learn everything from \\"The Giver,\\" who holds all of the world's memories.  Jonas goes through a difficult journey, learning some things that change his life forever.  <br />\\"The Giver\\" by Lois Lowry was an enjoyable book and I would recommend it.  It expresses a different type of life, far different from the one we know today.  The community of people in \\"The Giver\\" do not get to experience life in the way that we do, and it gives more meaning to life.  They do not get to experience all the things that make people who they are, such as love, pain, feelings and emotions.  They cannot even see things in color.  The only person who has all of these abilities is the \\"Receiver of Memory.\\"  This book may seem a little strange at times, but that is what makes it so interesting.  It captivates the reader and brings you into a different world.  This book has a wonderful,  creative storyline that requires one to use their imagination.  It brings you into the book and makes you feel like one of the characters.  It lets you see into the characters frame of mind and allows the reader to visualize what it must be like to live a life of such conformity.  <br />I would give this book four stars out of five.  There were some minor things that I was confused about, but otherwise it was an excellent book.  Although it is mostly read by young children, it is a great book for any age.  I would definitely recommend \\"The Giver.\\"
B0000AXE8I|2.0|I was disappointed. The Matrix Re-loaded is nothing but[...]. Gone is the mystery of the characters, and the environment. The Zion Footage was nothing more than an excuse to extend the film. The Morpheous character is that of a Shakespearean Thespian now, and Neo is now superman and flies away at will.... and who cares about the relationship of the Matrix computer administrator and his girlfriend?....many of these scenes were wasteful. The fight sequence with Neo and the mutiplied agents became irritating after 15 minutes or so. This film failed for me. I can't recall any scene that gave me a feeling of enlightenment here. The original matrix had a mystery behind it with less intense acting, but a realization of a larger reality. What we are faced with here is badly worded dialog, and marvel comics reloaded. --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title
0385504209|5.0|I took &quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; to be what it was intended to be by the author, namely, a fictional mystery story that utilizes a huge amount of historical, religious, and cultural research. If you do the same, you'll find it to be a great read. Dan Brown did a wonderful job of giving the reader an education that is, at the same time, fun and interesting by brilliantly presenting true history, religion, and cultural information within the framework of a fictional mystery story. The only other book I have seen that does that is Norman Thomas Remick's &quot;West Point...Thomas Jefferson&quot; which also quite brilliantly presents true history and philosophy within the framework of a HarryPotter-like fantasy.<br />  Dan Brown's &quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; is truly a unique and memorable book. If you are a lover of books and learning, I recommend that you do not miss reading this book (nor Remick's, either).
B00005JM0B|4.0|In T3 the much ancipated sequel 12 years in the making, the plot is similar to T2, the T-100 is sent back in time to protect John Conner & Kate Brewster from highly advanced T-X. The T-100 has become an obsolete machine. In the plot we learn that Judgement Day was not avoided as we thought from T2, rather it was postponed & inevitable. The T-100's job is to protect Conner & Brewster from being hunted down by the T-X and serve out the War against the machines. T3's huge $170 million budget is very obvious as the action is non-stop full throtal. The action is probably the only thing that makes T3 better than the previous Terminator movies, acting is ok, I thought Arnold was more humanlike in T3, overall the movie was a great ride and I look forward to it's release on DVD. I hope we won't have to wait another 12 years for T4 to be releashed.
B00009V7RF|5.0|This is an album you can just put in and listen to the whole way through. A must hear for all types of music lovers.
B000031WD9|1.0|It is movies like American Pie that give americans a bad name<BR>No F****** wonder the world thinks were just horney beer guzzling hormone charged robots.<BR>This movie brainwashed high schoolers and preteens into thinking mindless sex and constant partying is just harmless and (reputation speaking) required in High school. Well, i watched my class mates follow the stupid antics that this movie depicts, and one got ran over by a car, and one got his girl friend pregnant(she was a freshman might i add)<BR>These are the people who are going to run the country, I pray these people work in factories or go into the military, because if you let these kids go to college, $4,000 is going to go straight down the drain,<BR>im not a hard core christian and i know its only a movie, but it did start a revolution of my generation, and it sucks
B00007ELEL|5.0|Jeff &quot;The Dude&quot; Lebowski (Jeff Bridges) is a bowling hippie, the laziest man in Los Angeles County. His rug is pissed on by thugs looking for his homonym, a rich man nicknamed the Big Lebowski. The Dude wants restitution because &quot;that rug really ties the room together&quot;. <br />A visit to the Big Lebowski nets him a new rug, if anything, but that one will also be stolen. With his bowling friends Vietnam veteran Walter (John Goodman) and third-wheel Donny (Steve Buscemi) , he soon becomes embroiled in a kidnapping, intrigue, sex, and his never-ending quest to get his rug back. <br />It is a Coen brothers movie, and keeps their tone throughout - basically a film noir, but this time set in modern days and on an acid trip. Part of the fun is simply watching The Dude encoutering various colourful characters on his simple mission to get his rug back, but failing miserably and getting himself in more and more trouble. He has an acid flashback every time he is knocked unconscious, which leads to some of the most memorable scenes of the movie. <br />There is also a lot of humour in the characters. The Dude is a happy-go-luck character who bears the chain of events with befuddled aplomb. Walter, the quintessential movie war vetertan, flirts the line of sterotype but the Coen brothers give enough depth to the characters to escape it. Other characters like the Nihilist gang and the daughter of the Big Lebowski, a New Age artist, go above and beyond the call of duty. <br />The Dude: Let me explain something to you. Um, I am not Mr. Lebowski. You're Mr. Lebowski. I'm the Dude. So that's what you call me. You know, that or uh, His Dudeness, or uh, Duder, or El Duderino if you're not into the whole brevity thing.
B0000A1RJI|3.0|The movie was action packed, the music was hair raising, and bone chilling but I was left a little bored. Why? I am not saying the CD is lame or that the music isn't good because I'd be lying! It is very fun and very entertaining to the point where *I* want to jump up and down and start sword fighting (And who wouldn't want to fight with Orlando Bloom to *kiss* and make-up afterwards?). The only problem with this album in general is the fact that I see VERY similar music compositions that had been used in Hans Zimmer's other musical scores. (After all the man did Overproduce the score.) For instance, track 5, Swords Crossed, it is so simlar to Hans' &quot;Tribal War&quot; from the movie Black Hawk Down. I also can note that the music you heard on the TV Spots, and I guess you'd call it the &quot;theme&quot; of the movie, it sounds like a piece from Gladiator. I'm not complaining, I love it, but I just wish Klaus would be more creative and not &quot;re-use&quot; Hans' scores, so-to-speak. Buy it! Love it! And think of Orlando and Johnny *sighs*.
