B00004R99I|5.0|It is a pity that this film didn't quite get the critical acclaim it deserved, as it is truly a classic.  A reason for its lack of popularity may be the fact that it is something of a divergence from the normal Disney formula.  Yes, it has the fatherless heroine, the cute animal familiars and the ugly villain (with the requisite baritone voice) but the glaring inconsistency is that Disney chose to have Pocahontas stay at home while John Smith returned to England, when in reality she went with him (she is buried in Westminster Abbey).  I believe that this is the main reason that some people didn't like the film, however, these people conveniently chose to overlook the stirring score (especially &quot;Just Around the Riverbend&quot;), the heartrending dialogue and of course, the extremely pertinent social message.  A must-have for any Disney aficionado and a repeat view if ever I saw one (if you'll excuse the pun!).
0553579908|5.0|This book leaves me breathless, it leaves my eyes tearing; it wrenches my heart with cold fear, it sends bolts of electricity through my head. As I approached the end of this book, I am torn and shattered with almost every chapter Martin unveils to us of his wartorn, heartbreaking world. It is so beautifully real, so emotionally sympathisable; the characters live and kill with such incredible human frailty, such strength.<br />This is not just a historical novel, since it is not true history. Yet, as history, it goes beyond just the history of events, but becomes a history of human emotion and spirit. This is not exactly a fantasy novel, since its fantasy elements are gracefully subtle, or isolated (yet terrifyingly direct when they surface). Yet, as fantasy, it refuses to use the overused clichés of the past - instead, it only draws what is necessary - and makes VERY good use of that. This is fantasy history, historical fantasy - whatever you want to call it - at its best.<br />Martin's ability to make readers realise *for themselves* what has happened, WITHOUT actually describing the action/event to you is a stroke of ingenius &quot;cruelty&quot;... like, you have to read a paragraph indirectly speaking of events elsewhere - and then you shake yourself to check if you've read correct, and read it again. Oh my gawd, this is not true. You read a few more paragraphs... and then, two chapters later, you realise it *IS* true. Martin's plot twines and untwines this way - stories do not just race by in linear fashion, but touch you at one point, and then thoroughly WHACKS you several chapters later... with the same point!<br />Do you get what kind of literary genius I am trying to describe? No? Forget this review! Read the book! Six stars!
0738203335|4.0|This book is a biography of some of the best known Open Source projects. Each chapter introduces the key members of each project, how or why it was started, providing some very interesting and little known facts. Some of the projects discussed are Linux (obviously), Richard Stallman and FSF, Apache, Samba, KDE and GNOME, the various Linux distros and others.<br />The author is a commendable job of explaining technical issues to people who may not be familiar with Linux or Open Source. The style of writing seems to flow pretty smoothly.<br />I would say it's kind of like an overview of the history and concept of Open Source in general. I would recommend it to people who are interested in the history of Open Source and want to know what the hype is all about.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|I can't believe why so many people thought this was great. It was horrible. And I came into this movie expecting NOTHING.  I still thought it sucked. Seeing Jerry Bruckheimer's name plastered all over this, I was expecting an entertaining and well directed/edited movie...along the lines of the Rock and Armageddon. And even if it was bad, there would still be lots of hot cars and cool chases. Were there any?? NO. Not only do you have a terrible script where it looks like NOBODY wanted to be in this movie once they started filming, but it is boring as well. YOu see two seconds of a Porsche...in a ridiculously unrealistic heist scene at a dealership. ok, I can handle that. Then a few seconds in a Lamborghini (which by the way is PARKED!)with AJ and Nic...in which I'd rather watch the couple that was gettin it on then the diologue from the car...ok, I can handle that, because I KNOW there is gonna be a great chase with the Shelby!! So then finally after and hour of crummy lines and a crummy, boring story, Nicholas Cage gets in the Shelby!! And is it a good chase?? NO...it was horrible!! Utterly disappointed with this flick...worse than I could have even imagined. If you like great car chases, check out Ronin.
B000002579|5.0|WHAT A GREAT GROUP OF MUSICIANS. THIS MAKES THE TRUE PEOPLE WHO KNOW HOW DIFFICULT IT IS TO PLAY THIS PROGRESSIVE ROCK SIT BACK AND TAKE NOTICE. IF ANYONE KNOWS ANYTHING BETTER IN THIS VEIN I'D LIKE TO HEAR ABOUT IT.
6304341849|5.0|I love this movie so much that I have seen it like ten times since I got it a couple of days ago.  Maurice is a brilliantly crafted movie/book.  The movie follows the book almost to a fault, and in fact I feel like the movie is in some ways better than the book, except for the fact that the book obviously affords more explanation of the plot and character feelings--and of course parts of the book are left out of the movie or changed around, but this is not necessarily a bad thing.  Anyway, I highly recommend both watching this movie and reading the book because this story is just so beautiful and so well crafted that only the most ardent hater of the homosexual lifestyle could totally hate it.<br />Since I absolutely adore happy endings, this story makes me very very happy because many gay books/movies do not have them, so it is nice to see a gay story end with the couple seeming to be truly in love and have a chance at having a lasting relationship, although their life together would obviously be filled with trials and tribulations, given the extremely high level of homophobia in England in the 1910's.<br />I really really recommend also getting the book along with the movie because there is a &quot;Terminal Note&quot; at the end of the book that is really nice to have because it is the author's explanation on how he came about to write the book and how he crafted the three main characters of Maurice, Clive, and Alec.<br />This book/movie is an extremely moving social commentary on society's refusal to accept people who do not fit into its idea of what is normal.  Maurice definitely does not choose to be a homosexual; he even tries to be &quot;cured&quot; of his &quot;unmentionable&quot; yearnings and feelings, but to no avail. Yet given society's completely unreasonable viewpoint towards homosexuality, he can either be like Clive, and enter into a loveless marriage that is unsatisfying for both he and his wife, or he is doomed to a life of utter loneliness, if he wants to live a life that is acceptable to the general population--one that will not land him in jail like Risley.<br />The only thing that I do not like about this movie is that some of the dialogue is difficult if not impossible to understand, but this does not detract all that much from the movie.wants to live a life that is acceptable to the general population--one that will not land him in jail like Risley.<br />The only thing that I do not like about this movie is that some of the dialogue is difficult if not impossible to understand, but this does not detract all that much from the movie.
B000002OVJ|5.0|There are very few recordings of this era that truely capture the sound and excitement of a live rock band at its best. &#34;Frampton Comes Alive&#34; is perhaps the sonic reference, and the live side of Cream's &#34;Wheels of Fire&#34; is pretty exciting, but nothing tops &#34;Live at Leeds&#34; for the sheer excitement of a great live rock band.<br />What a treat to hear Keith Moon at his best, before drugs and alchohol took their increasing toll. The rest of the band is in great shape, too, and the mix of tunes is outstanding, including everything from the earlist, angry tunes to the first tunes that would later become part of Tommy. And the real gem of the album, the famous performance of &#34;Magic Bus&#34; that just set the standard forwhat a Who tune- or, for that matter, what a rock tune- should sound like. From Daltrey's shouted, stuttering lyrics to that great Entwhistle bass break-- it still sends shivers down my backbone.<br /><br />Certainly one of the top ten rock albums of all time, and with the new mastering and the extra tracks, worth buying all over again.
B00000064G|5.0|First of all let me say that I bought this CD because I had heard the song &quot;Pink Moon&quot; in the VW comemrcial. As soon as I found out who it was and found the CD, I bought it. I was not disappointed, as the entire CD is very, very good. Most of the other reviewers have well described the music and its mellow, haunting beauty. Let me just add that as a guitar player, I really love the sound of the acoustic guitar on this album. You can hear the nuances in the subtle chord changes even on the lower and midrange strings, thanks to the simple and straightforward production.<br />For me the bottom line is, if you liked the snippet of song from the VW commercial and are wondering if it is worth it to buy the CD from just that short introduction, my answer is yes, absolutely.
B00005214X|5.0|It's often been noted that if George Harrison had been in any other band he'd have been recognized as one of the greatest songwriters of the 60s and 70s. His best tunes, like &quot;Something&quot;, are as good as anything Lennon and McCartney ever penned. But he had the fortune to be teamed with the greatest songwriting team of the postwar era, so he tends to be thought of as a minor figure.<br />While not every tune on this collection is a winner, the overall quality is very high, and the audio quality is much better than the original LP. Certainly a must own for any Beatles fan, and any fan of the era.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Anyone who gives Almost Famous less than 5 stars simply doesn't get it! Not only is this the best film to be released in the year 2000, it is the best movie about the rock scene of the early 1970s that I have ever seen - period. <br />Although I was only about five years old when this story takes place, I'm fairly well read on the history of rock music. I have to admit that I caught absolutely zero historical inaccuracys during the course of the film. Cameron Crowe knows his stuff. <br />The film is well executed in every area - Direction, Writing, Casting, Acting, Cinematography, Editing, Soundtrack, et al. I've never felt more satisfied after shelling out eight bucks to see a film than I did after seeing A.F.<br />...and who cares that we have to wait a while for the &quot;special edition director's cut&quot; DVD. I already bought the current edition and I look forward to buying the director's cut as well.<br />Nuff Said - this film is a timeless classic and deserves all of the praise it's been getting.
0452282152|5.0|I agree with reviewer Heidi Marshall:  Chevalier must have done a past-life regression in order to write this book as if the events truly happened!  Congratulations to you, Ms. Chevalier.  You have also contributed a work of art to the field of literature!  I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book and plan to share it with the students I teach in Art Masterpiece.
0684853523|5.0|King inspires and enlightens you with his views on simply writing good stories.  I read it in two days.  If you're an aspiring story-teller or just interested in the craft or King himself, you must read this book!
B000002UAU|5.0|Despite the Beatles being on the radio a lot when I was a kid, and despite knowing that this is a classic, I didn't actually hear it all the way through until I was in my twenties, so I managed to approached it with a fresh mind. Whether it's the best album in the history of rock is a question I'm not going to bother with - there isn't a 'best' album - but I found it to be neither the best or the worst album in my collection. Which, in a way, is gratifying. I'd had to judge this album purely on the basis of received opinion. People either reflexively praise this because they don't want to appear ill-informed, or they damn it because they want to appear revolutionary. It's very hard to have an honest opinion on something so big and influential. But I liked it. The one bad thing is that the stereo mixing is hard to listen to on headphones, as things tend to be panned hard left and hard right. Musically, there's a lot of variety. I think this is why a lot of people prefer 'Revolver' (that and the fact that 'Revolver' is a less obvious choice, and a lot of people don't want to give the impression that they are shallow). 'Revolver' is more coherent, more rocky, whereas 'Sgt Pepper' veers madly from the rock / brass band hydrid of the title track, through the jolly singalong of 'When I'm Sixty-Four', the lengthy sitar-led mantra of 'Within You Without You' and oddities such as 'For the Benefit of Mr Kite', which I find extremely irritating. I'm more familiar with the Joe Cocker version of 'With a little help from my friends', and it's nice to hear Ringo singing it. His wobbly voice actually helps the song, it seems more touching that way. I can see where lots of other bands have gained inspiration. 'Getting Better', 'Lovely Rita' and 'Good Morning Good Morning' sound very similar to late-80s / early-90s jangly indie pop, 'She's Leaving Home' sounds like a mid-70s ballad, 'Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds' is 1967 and no other year, and now sounds very alien, and 'A Day in the Life' is Radiohead or The Verve. The reprise of the title track is almost a prototype of heavy metal. 'Fixing a Hole' is a bit dull, too. But it's good that I'm not just blinding asserting this to be the finest album ever. Bits of it bore me (presumably in 1967 I would have been able to play 'Penny Lane' and 'Strawberry Fields' instead) but the other bits outweigh them.
0345440757|4.0|This book has received a lot of good press, and once you've read it it's easy to see why.  Tracy Hogg offers some good practical advice for new parents.  The main message the author seems to be pushing in this book is really use your common sense.  You might think that new parents don't need to be told this, but trust me - as a new parent - common sense can be one of the first things to go out the window in those first few sleep deprived months.  I found the author's views about getting the baby to learn how to fall asleep on its own particularly useful.  I had read so many other conflicting views about how to do this (from leaving the poor little mite to scream himself until he is blue in the face, to bringing the new addition into bed)  and Tracey Hogg's advice has been, for me, by far the most reasonable.  <br />I would definitely recommend that a new parent allocate a little of their precious spare time to reading this.  It does help get things into perspective!
0553106635|5.0|A Storm Of Swords was one of the best books ive read in years, with hundreds of characters fully developed and twists at every turn. I only hope the next in the series comes soon i've only just finished and im already wanting more
0553264427|5.0|*The Spy Who Came In From The Cold* is a bitter, disturbing Cold War tale in which a depressed, aging spy who thinks he has seen everything is given a last assignemnt: enter the gray recesses of the East Germany as a defector.  Little does he know that his fake defection is only a small part of a intricate drama of betrayal so inhuman that it chills even his jaded soul.
6305079900|3.0|As the last person says, a far superior release of 'The Terminator' is already out, in the UK at least. Amazon.co.uk stock it. It comes on two discs, has gorgeous packaging, and, apparently: &quot;The first disc has the movie plus a DVD-ROM feature containing three different versions of the screenplay, which can be read scene-by-scene along with the film. On the second disc there are seven deleted scenes, including a fascinating foreshadowing of Sarah Connor's mission in T2, as well as trailers and TV spots. There are also two &quot;making of&quot; featurettes, one being an 18-minute piece from1992 based around a friendly at-home chat with Cameron and Schwarzenegger (&quot;We did the first Terminator for the cost of your motor-home on the second film&quot;, jokes the director to the actor). The hour-long &quot;Other Voices&quot; featurette is an in-depth montage of cast and crew reminiscences covering all aspects of the production from its initial genesis as a fevered nightmare to the &quot;guerrilla&quot; filmmaking of getting the final shots. Script collaborator Bill Wisher neatly sums up the movie as &quot;It's a Wonderful Life, with guns&quot;. The second disc also contains a stills archive of production photographs, James Cameron's amazing original conceptual artwork, plus his first story treatment.&quot; I own a copy and I don't even had a DVD player yet, which shows you how good it is.
0684853523|5.0|I learned a great deal about writing by reading this book.  King explains how he writes everything &quot;doors closed&quot; and &quot;doors open&quot; That is first he just lets everthing flow out of his head, then goes back and revises it.
B000059R8Y|4.0|When i first heard REPTILE--ONE OF CLAPTON'S FINEST WORKS--i felt that many  of his fans would disparage it. Unlike many artists (&amp; fans) of his generation, CLAPTON HAS EVOLVED, intellectually &amp; artistically. i recall all the unkind comments his terriffically interesting RETAIL THERAPY album garnered &amp; smile. CLAPTON HAS MATURED--unlike many of his fans.  Now, if he would only  record ROBT.JOHNSON'S 'HELLHOUND ON MY TRAIL.'
0385421982|5.0|I think John Grisham's &quot;The Pelican Brief&quot; is an excellent, well-written book. The tension increases extremely, so that you keep on reading and consequently cannot stop. It is really a great book full of action with great plot. The author is undoubtfully an expert at crime novels. But if you want to understand the whole action you have to know something about the American system of governmant, FBI and CIA. I recommend this book to really everybody!!!!! ENJOY!!!!
B000056NX4|4.0|I know this is a contradiction of all other reviews, but here goes. Gleen Carter as Jesus was surprisingly and greatly dissapointing. I was never ever convinced of the fact that he was Jesus, never! I sat wacthing the video, I bought the day it came out mind you, and was absoulutly astonished at his one dimintioned interpretation of the character. His sharp contrast between little facial expression and suddenly much too much! Is wonderful for the Theatre but as an actor one must know the distinct differnce betwwen the two mediums. His small voice lent nothing to the emotion, he has a beautiful falsetto but not the right kind needed to pull it off. This part is famous for it rock like screeching, he gave a light soprano instead. I found him to be very unattractive, not in looks (that too) but in charisma. He had none, I never felt sorry for him, the key is to evoke empathy. On the other hand! All other aspects were done very nicely. Jerome Pradon was absoulutely astonishing as Judas. Those are the type of internal emoitions I would have liked to see from Jesus. Gleen Carter played all of his emotions on the outside, nothing was happining behind his eyes. I did find that since Gleen did not react off of Jeromes' Judas in quite the right way the realationship sometimes resembled a homosexual affair. Which could be an interesting take, but not what was intended here. Renee Castles' Mary was quite wonderful, I found her voice to be a bit too pop, for her powerful ballad &quot;I don't know how to love him.&quot; But she did well, I would much rather cast an actress who sings, rather than a singer who acts. As for the others they gave marvelous performances. It was directed beautifully, with its interesting camera angles, and rich color scheme. Edwards had a wonderful concept, and different interepretations were refreshing. I have been in the show and I have never thought of it done quite this way before. Nice production, but when Mary sings of Jesus, &quot;I don't how tolove him, I don't see why he moves me. . .&quot; You may find you agree.
B00003CXMG|2.0|You've got to be kidding!  Were Kate &amp; Frances really nominated for Academy Awards for this boring movie?  My husband and I both fell asleep several times and we tried to watch it twice! Don't bother. I can't believe Mr. Ebert gave this movie any credence whatsoever. Ms.McDormand's character was different, but she was like most of my friends!
B000053VAF|5.0|I am so glad you wrote that comment. This DVD should have been in our happy hands mid January! It has been pushed back several times now. Nobody knows why, the studio will not comment. Viewaskew.com simply says blame the lawyers. Why? What legality is keeping one of the more refreshing and hillarious films in recent memory off our shelves? This is silly!  DVD is thriving but upsets like this make me wonder if it is worth it. So I join Whereisdogma@aol.com and ask anyone who knows why this DVD is really being delayed to write me at WRSDEHJB@AOL.COM. I doubt this upsetting delay is an act of God...
B00003CXMG|4.0|Almost Famous is a sweet/funny/touching semi- autobiographical snapshot of Cameron Crowe's teenage life as a fledgling rock critic. Patrick Fugit is perfectly cast ( and could pass for a young Crowe) as William, with all the emotions and insecurities of a typical 15 year old boy.Kate Hudson is extraordinary as groupie Penny Lane,sensitive yet all knowing.Frances McDormand plays William's off-beat, eccentric, yet loving mother with her usual zeal.<br />This film is a great reminder for all us kids who grew up on 70s rock.&quot;Stillwater&quot;, the fictitious band dramatized in the film, is a perfect amalgamation of Zeppelin, with touches of other 70s greats (Foghat?) thrown in. I don't know how many times as a teenager I daydreamed about hanging out with my favorite band Aerosmith (70's Aerosmith, not 2001's)backstage, with Joe Perry shouting to me, &quot;hey man, throw me over a cold one&quot;.<br />This film is not to be missed...
0684853523|5.0|I'm not a horror fiction reader, but I respect Stephen King and his ability to spin a good yarn. In this book, he gives us insight into his world. Reading it was as close as most of us will probably come to sitting down and having a chat with a very successful author!<br />A must read for anyone who writes!
B00002MZ2C|3.0|YES they can still rock...the way only rage can do. After I heard their first album, I knew they had potential...and then their second album came... and I was starting to worry that rage would only have that one phenomenal first album to be remembered by. Well I don't have to worry about that anymore...their third album is here...and it is not the best Rage CD, but worth checking out. Highlights of the album are &quot;guerilla radio&quot;, sleep now in the fire&quot;, and &quot;testify&quot;
B00004X01U|5.0|Never really been a huge Madonna fan, but over the years her light has burned brighter and brighter. Despite countless articles that amplify her end of greatness, Madonna defies all that and shines brighter with each new record. I caught on to Madonna's albums with Ray of Light (I actually bought it, instead of hearing it only on radio)...&quot;Music&quot; delivers all that Ray of Light had and came short of! A phenomenal album for the lovers of trace, hip hop, acoustic (Jewel-like) ballads, and experimental songs like &quot;Paradise&quot;. Along with the help of her new Afghani-French friend, Mirwais...Madonna scores another hit album that will remain on the charts for a very long time. If you already love Madonna, you most likely have this album. If you are not, give this a chance. Two listens and you are all hers.
B000056N8X|5.0|I had missed the chance to see the movie in the theatres so I spent half a year waiting for it to come out on DVD. As soon as it did, I went out and bought it. I had been watching the series for a while a few years ago up until cancellation, and now it plays re-runs on Sci-Fi Channel, and I try not to miss those. The series was always awesome and brought back the better feel of how and why the immortals were on Earth, not the alien BS that the second one brought about and the vague and pointless reasons a third movie was made...but End Game just basically brought Highlander back into &quot;The Game&quot; so to speak as far as a genre goes. You shouldn't have to watch the 2nd or 3rd movies to have to understand End Game, but the first movie is helpful...and some knowledge from the series as well. A must-have film for any sci-fi action fan and definitly for any Highlander fan. There can be only one...and this is it.
1570429596|5.0|This book will not give you the hottest stock pick. In fact it will not teach you how to pick stocks or real estate, or anything like that. What it does do is point you in the right the direction. Robert talks about the importance of financial literacy teaches readers the difference between an asset and a liability. He explodes the old way of thinking that in order to make lots of money, a person needs to go to school and get good grades. I don't know about any of the readers out there but I don't know of many people who ever got rich by filling out an application and signing on as employee of a big company. Many people may be paid healthy sums to do what they do, but if they were truly rich, then why do they continue to go work everyday. The author is not promoting the idea of making money so that you can be ridiculously rich and have lots of material things, but rather so that you can have freedom to do the things you want to rather than spend your whole life working for money. This book is a good start for people who require different answers for their financial life. Excellent read. It will change the way you think of money.
0385421982|3.0|&quot;The Pelican Brief&quot; is an interesting novel. There are many subjects and the connections between them are shown very well at the end of it. But it`s hardly believable. I could not imagine that one brief evokes so heavy reactions at the high powers (White House, FBI and CIA)!!!
0788815490|4.0|This cinematic treat brings a tasty feast for those who (wisely) adore Helena Bonham Carter. Whilst I am not a strong fan of the author's literary hazings, this adaption of The Wings of the Dove presents us with a story that we can drink in with all six senses.     It was by pure chance that I watched this DVD as my theater coach picked it up. My coach was a tad disappointed, as he mistook the title for a musical based on the 1970s Pippin pop hit &quot;The Tears of a Clown.&quot; His error was my blessing; not only do we witness a subtle tragedy seeing powerful characters forced to live on after imploding their mutual passion, but we get to see Helena Bonham Carter nude. This also did not impress my acting coach.   The only resistance I have in granting this fine work a full five star salute reveals itself in overtly borrowed cinematic visuals. I might be wrong, but the final moments of the film seem to be borrowed directly from the 1977 film &quot;Teenage Cruisers,&quot; in which an escaped sanitarium patient holds William Margold as her sexual hostage; he is bound and gagged, forced to drink in her visual nude teasings. If I am correct, it bothers me that Wings of a Dove would take such a misogynist take on the matter, as Carter is abandoned after undressing in front of her lover.     Still, I highly recommend this body of work. The directorial pacing is reminiscent of Ren Cardonas' earlier projects, which in itself is worth the look.
B000007ODX|3.0|Barenboim's recording of the Chopin Nocturnes is good, rather than outstanding.  The recording is a reliable rendition which the listener will very much enjoy.  However, for someone who is already familiar with recordings of the nocturnes, or of some outstanding individual recordings, this disk will be somewhat disappointing.  The nocturnes are some of the deepest and expressive works in the romantic piano genre, for which there have been many phenomenal recordings.  And as a collection of the whole set of nocturnes, there are better alternatives.  I recommend the collection by Moravec, which in my opinion is the best available complete recording; another definitive recording is the one by Rubinstein in the 1930s.  Compare, for example, the famous Opus 48 n.1 performed by Moravec, to that by Barenboim.  One feels that Moravec is describing the most tragic moment in his life, and listening to it often brings me to tears.  Barenboim, in comparison, sounds as if he is just playing the notes; I was not very moved.  Expression and interpretation is so important to these works.  So, while Barenboim sounds nice, there are much better alternatives.  One advantage of Barenboim, however, is that it includes the posthumous nocturnes, whereas others do not.
B00000HYXB|3.0|THe idea was great, these guys always worshipped Tolkien, so the result was this &quot;tribute&quot; album to the SIlmarillion. Amazing songs, linked in brilliant way by narrations and short tunes. But just don't tell me the singer is &quot; the best&quot;. He's very weak. THe album is filled with chorus all way long and it helps to cover this fact !
B00003XB8K|5.0|This is Enigma's finest album yet, building on their work in Cross of Changes.  The songs all flow together incredibly well, and I never tire of listening to the entire album.
B000002LGA|5.0|I've got only four Lou Reed's albuns: &quot;THE BELLS&quot;, &quot;NEW SENSATIONS&quot;, &quot;NEW YORK&quot; and &quot;ECSTASY&quot;. They are all very good but I can only say that &quot;NEW YORK&quot; is by far the best.
B000053GTF|5.0|EVERYONES COMPLAINING EITHER TO MANY VIDEOS OR TO MANY CONCERTS. READ THE COVER PEOPLE.  CELINE  A DECADE OF SONG AND VIDEO.EXPECT THAT.I THINK SHE DID A BEAUTIFUL JOB, AND IF YOUR IN NEED OF THE MUSIC VIDEO,WHEN I FALL IN LOVE. BUY THE SLEEPLESS IN SEATTLE DVD. ITS ON THERE.
B000002KHY|5.0|So many times a greatest-hits compilation fails to live up to its title.  This CD is a warm breeze that never stops, filled to the brim with James Taylor's soft voice and mellow hits that will transport to a place of nostalgic nirvana.  Collectively, these songs have a power that might surprise you, and the subtle warmth is often infused with pain and longing.  Fire &amp; Rain remains one of the all-time great pop songs, with its heartbreak and loss almost visceral.  Shower The People, Carolina In My Mind...just let these songs play and enjoy the ride.  This CD is a classic, and one you will play repeatedly.
B000006NPY|5.0|sum up this album in a few short words? it can't be done. having said that......Adore as most people know is a departure from the Pumpkins previous work. Change is sometimes worse, sometimes better, and sometimes has the same quality as the original. This album is definitely up to Pumpkins' standards. I truly can't listen to very many cd's these days and get the overwhelming sense of satisfaction that I can get by listening to the Pumpkins. I believe their best album is Siamese Dream, followed by Adore, then MCIS, then machina, and last (but still a great album) Gish. Oh yeah, Pisces is good too. Back to Adore.... It has a soft, sad, enjoyable feel to it. It has much more electronic influence than previous albums but Billy Corgan makes it work well meshed in with atmospheric sounds. You dont feel the pumpkins' buzz right away. you must listen and concentrate and focus on the song. Most importantly, you must listen to the whole song. DO NOT START A SONG W/OUT FINISHING IT. I made this mistake when i first bought the album. I picked it up a few months later and listened to it beginning to end in the quiet dark and was completely blown away. Billy Corgan deserves every minute praise that he gets concerning his songwriting. These songs contain beautiful, melancholic melodies. Listen to at sunset or in the dark. Don't listen to it during the middle of day. It's not an album to get you pumped up. It brings you down...in a good way. Bottom line: this album is worth every cent you pay for.
B000002JPA|5.0|What's most impressive about this album is that these 5 great musicians do not let the technical aspect of playing overtake the real goal of music... writing songs. There isn't one bad song here. Yes, there is great playing all over, but it is secondary to the melodies and the emotions of the songs. The songs themselves are very varied as well.. featuring both heavy parts and the slower, softer ones, too. Incredible songwriting. If I had to be picky and find a fault, it would be that the bass guitar is a little buried in the mix, party due to John's new sound (I preferred his sound on DT's first album, \\"When Dream and Day Unite\\" - you could hear every nuance of his playing there.. with his new low muddy sound, you'd never know if he made a mistake :-)), and that there aren't any bass solos here. The little part in Metropolis seems to be very popular, but it is just a simple tapping pattern. It is not a solo by any means. Overall, I rate this album as one of the top 10 best Metal (all forms of Metal) albums of all time. It is a must buy for any music fan, as a matter of fact. It is that good.
0385421982|4.0|I think that the story of &quot;The Pelican Brief&quot; could be a real story, although there are some elements, which are only in the story to get more tension. But the book is hard to understand for german persons who does not know anything about the system of law in the USA. All together &quot;The Pelican Brief&quot; is a good story of John Grisham.
6304712499|1.0|The first time I saw this movie...I didn't like it.  I was a big fan of spawn the comic and the HBO series but the movie did nothing for me.  After I bought the dvd (out of loyalty to spawn)I listened to the director's commentary...then I hated the movie.  Listening to Mark Dippe, the director, was liking putting a face to incompetence.  Not only was this the most boring action movie in history it was the most claustrophobic. not two seconds go by before we see another close-up.  It's annoying that the director never gets an actors whole head in one of his million close ups.  It's like Dippe has no idea about framing.  Some holes in the plot that bother me in retrospect are 1. the motorcycle scene: why in the hell would someone who could fly ride a motorcycle.  2. Wynn storming wanda's house:  From what I can piece together the CIA is composed of Al Simmons, Priest, Wynn, and Terry Fitzgerald.  He kills Al, Al kills Priest, and Wynn alienates Terry, so the director of the CIA has to do his own dirty work.  Seems like he should of cut back on the HEAT project and hired more than three people.  Just a thought.
0062502182|5.0|Let me start by saying that even if I write a million  words I wouldn't be able to describe how sweet this book is. I've been reading books for so many years now but I would proudly declare that THE ALCHEMIST was the very best book I have ever read so far because Mr.Paulo Coelho has created such a vivid and true story that makes it so clear to see THAT 'EVERYTHING' IS ACHIEVABLE IF WE REALLY WANTED SO&quot; NOW AFTER I HAVE FINISHED READING THE ALCHEMIST I HAVE STARTED AGAIN READING IT AND I'LL NEVER STOP UNTIL I MEMORISE IT ALL BECAUSE EACH WORD IS A DELIGHT,EACH PAGE GIVES YOU MORE AND MORE REASONS TO BELIEVE IN YOUR DREAMS THAT YOU WILL SURELY ACHIEVE IF YOU REALLY WANT THEM TOO... OH,GOD,WHAT A ENJOYABLE READ..........
1577311523|5.0|Many years ago I had to surrender my ego to a therapist/guru (a Catholic seminary drop out/academically trained psychologist, no less) in order to abolish addiction in my life. The culmination of that three year period was an awakening brought about through intense psycho-therapy and intense concentration in the present moment (what are you feeling, now?). These years brought me to an understanding of Buddhism, particularly Zen (just follow the breath in and then out). It just made sense to me. I have read many books on Buddhism, including original texts, and pilosophy in general. I recently stumbled upon &quot;The Power of Now&quot;, and I have to say that Tolle and I have alot in common. He articulates my personal experience (and I mean EXPERIENCE) of that early period perfectly. Therefore, I have to say he speaks my truth, justly. He puts forth an eclectic Buddhism (without the specifically intellectual elements of that philosophy) that mirrors another favorite spiritual commentator of mine, Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj, whose &quot;I Am That&quot; is to me the apex of Now philosophy, a distilled version of living Buddhism. Tolle brings these esoteric Indo/Asiatic concepts to the West in a way that make sense to the Western mind. Most people are caught up in everything other than the present. I, in contrast, feel alone with my breath. It is nice to find an articulate spokesman who informs me that I am not, in fact, alone at all. For those who are serious seekers, who don't want the riff-raff of pop-eastern pschology, or who have mastered the intellectual details of Eastern thought, this is a good book. It is very good for beginners, and an excellent reminder for the experienced.
0553106635|5.0|I was obliged to buy the third book in English because it was not translated in French ! Very adult fantasy !
0788811355|4.0|This isn't exactly entertaining, but there's so many brain-dead movies out there, that I'm glad movies like these are made.  A worthwhile 3 hours for the literary-minded.
B000059R8Y|4.0|Another great album from Eric Clapton, the way only Eric Clapton can do it.  I only have a few beefs:<BR> Where's the beef?<BR> Sounds too much like pop, rather than his quality blues from &quot;Riding With the King&quot;  We'll hear some tunes in the elevator one day.<BR> Still worth it, but not up to classic EC standards.<BR> Still a good buy anyhow
068485015X|5.0|Many generation X'ers have never heard of \\"The Road Less Traveled\\", written in 1979. It is unfortunate that the book has not continued to stay on the best-seller list, for it is very deserving of the position.<br /><br />By looking at the table of contents, you would think that the content of the book would be a self-help mish-mosh of random truths that are meant to uplift the mind and soul with no apparent connection or relation to one another. However, this book flows beautifully and logically.<br /><br />This book, as catch phrase as this sounds, changed my life. It made me think and live differenly. It helped me improve my own character, love others more, and get a more balanced view of life.<br /><br />I wish everyone had a chance - no, the opportunity - to read this book. It is, without a doubt, the most helpful book I have ever read.
B000004928|5.0|I am not a big fan of western movies but since modern day westerns like Silverado, Young Guns, Young Guns 2, Maverick,Tombstone, Unforgiven and The Quick And The Dead  I have become really interested in this genre. Silverado has a great plot with a great cast and really good theme music. From Its explosive, breathtaking opening gun battle to a final, tense 'high noon' shoot out, this thrilling western is filled with full-blown entertainment and action.
1558908498|5.0|Scream 2 is an amazing sequel and is (seriously) just as original and scary as Scream 1 . It takes place two years after the original and Sidney Prescott is at Windsor college. Just as she had finally put her past behind her, someone begins killing off her friends one by one and once again everyone is a target and everyone is a suspect! I must say that Scream 2 continues the tradition Scream set by killing off two of the bigger names in the first ten minutes and that this opening sequence was far scarier than Drew Barrymore's scene which was scary enough! It takes place in a movie theater where a couple goes to see Stab - a book written by Gale Weathers about the events in Scream 1 that has been turned into a movie. You will never ever feel safe going to the bathroom at a movie theater again is all I will say! Liev Schrieber, who had a cameo in Scream 1 as the man accused of murdering Sidney's mom - Cotton Weary, is back and has a much bigger role. All the characters that survived the Woodsboro events are back as well. And the tongue in cheek references that Scream made about horror movies are continued as Scream 2 mocks horror movie sequels. The laughs aren't there as much in Scream 2 due to Matthew Lillard and Rose McGowan being gone, but there are many funny moments in this film... I thought Scream had the perfect balance of horror and comedy, but Scream 2 is alot darker and far scarier. The killer (or killers) is far more sadistic and crazy and the death scenes are very inventive and scary as hell. The blood and gore is still there as Scream 1 was drenched in blood, so is Scream 2. And I believe that the end of this movie is fine and I was not dissapointed at all. I saw this movie 9 times at the theater. Each time was good. The dvd for this movie sucks though. Such a let down for such a great movie, but there is a ULTIMATE SCREAM COLLECTOR DVD BOXSET that has a new Scream 2 in it that has a ton of features that is not sold seperately. True die hard SCREAM fans like myself would buy it just for that. But I do recommend Scream 2 to anyone that enjoys a good, classy, scary movie. You should want to see it just to actually witness a horror movie sequel that not only doesn't suck, but is just as good as the original which was a classic. Scream 2 is also a classic.....
0140042520|5.0|Better than `On The Road' (not putting it down). This is a truly amazing book. If you are hesitating about buying it, I assure you it will be money very well spent. You can't help but love this guy; he possesses the most beautifully innocent, intelligent, honest mind. Pack your bag and head for the hills. Read all of his books.
B000000H42|5.0|This is a unforgetable masterpiece! The vocals, lyrics, music is all in there! I orginally had this lp many moons ago. I just picked up the remastered cd recently. I gotta tell you people, this is an explosive recording. A must have for the metal listener abroad A+
B000056NX4|5.0|This was a marvelous interpretation; the best I've ever seen.  All the comments of the other reviewers are apropos and I just want to add kuddos to the staging and the lighting.  This was a glorious, gritty, inspirational, gut wrenching portrayal. All the principals were wonderful.  I vote for more musicals with these performers.  All I can say is, before you watch it, put everything else aside and center yourself.  You are in for a sensational ride!
0767819594|5.0|Cruel Intentions is my favorite movie. The acting is great, the writing is great, the sets are great, everything is great. Seeing this movie sparked my interest in the genre, so I have seen Dangerous Liasons and Valmont. But by far, this one is so much better, the ending, while sad, is a perfect ending. The characters, while  mean, are unforgettable charecters. I even bought the movie poster i love this movie so much! You can not take your eyes of the movie, like Katherine and Sebastion,  it's totally seductive.If you don't have this movie stop reading this and buy it, now. There is no way you'll regret it, it's THE best!
B000059MEK|5.0|Well, music lovers. Daft Punk's second album is very different from their first effort, Homework, but is far from being a bad album. Here, the french duo expands their frontier going towards the sounds of the 70's (from the point of view of groups like ELO) and are sounding more mature. Inside the Homework's booklet they gave us all the clues. As you know, that album was record on the bedroom and with all that stuff, like Kiss posters, music and XXX magazines and all the rest. Now it's time to complete all this things on the sound ground and they succeeded. Great disc!
B0000028RS|5.0|This CD is a must get.  It's the best CD I have and the music is fantastic.  The most inspiring tracks are Take the Power Back, Killing in the Name, Know Your Enemy and Wake Up.  The others are great too, but I suggest you listen to these few if you're thinking about getting it.  It's worth every cent you pay.  If you're looking for an album that inspires, then look no further.  It helps to lift my spirits and I'm sure it'll do the same for you.  So, two words...buy this!
6304493681|5.0|Perfect.  Although this movie is not for kids due to some nudity and language, the scenery and story together make it one of the best Anime films ever made.
B00000I07Q|5.0|For those of you who don't know this, Charles Dickens' &quot;David Copperfield&quot; (1851), does not have the popularity of &quot;Oliver Twist,&quot; &quot;A Christmas Carol,&quot; or &quot;A Tale of Two Cities.&quot; Nevertheless, Dickens said that &quot;David Copperfield&quot; was his 'favorite child' (best creation). I would not be surprised in the least if Bon Jovi said that this was his 'favorite child.' The music differs in type (some country, some medium rock, some heavy rock) and intensity throughout the record, but the flow never seems to be upset. This is one of those rare records where it sounds like the artist was writing and playing what he felt were his best efforts without worrying about how it would be received. (Personally, I feel '7800' is his absolute best.) But I really do like this record that seems to constitue Bon Jovi's purest efforts.
B00003CXSP|3.0|Remember that famous line from The Silence of the Lambs where Dr. Lecter steps up to what must be quadruple glazing, bullet and tooth proof glass, looks straight at the young Clarice Starling, and with the least possible inkling of smile, says: \\"A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver, with some Fava beans and a nice Chianti. Hssss.\\" Immortal. Now, ten years later, comes the eagerly anticipated sequel. And the fundamental difference between Jonathan Demme's exemplar 1991 film and Ridley Scott's concoction is that Scott would have given you a sudden flashback, accompanied by a burst if undefined instruments on the soundtrack, detailing Hannibal's soggy meal. I'm not just postulating here. There is in fact a sequence where one of Lecter's vinegary victims, who has, unfortunately for himself and the world survived, describes a dinner he once shared with the articulate doctor. The actor playing the victim is the always magnetic Gary Oldman, and he can tell a story. But Scott doesn't give him that chance. Instead he cuts to an out of focus sequence where the narrator cuts off his own face, hands it to Lecter who in turn feeds it to the dog. Scott is after gasps of shock here. And he gets them. Hannibal goes for senses, whilst Silence went for the psyche. Hannibal is to SOTL what a one-night-stand is to a rewarding, complicated relationship. The former, however, is not entirely without appeal.<br />But let's stop the comparisons for a moment. It's true that they're inevitable, but Q-What is Hannibal, at least theoretically, on its own terms? A-A richly ornamented, superficially atmospheric, diminutively symbolic gorefest. Scott's direction here is as clinical, inert and visually striking as ever. The only sequence that seems to have been shot on a bright day is the opening five minute raid that sets the story on motion. Clarice, now played by Julianne Moore, who is no less attractive then Foster was in the first film, is in trouble for a drug bust that wentbadly wrong. The aforementioned rich vinegary faceless victim who has enough money \\"to occasionally rent a senator from time to time\\" sees her as a perfect bait for Lecter. He senses, correctly, that the good doctor is attracted to distress, and moreover, he detects the implicit gravitation that Lecter and Starling have for one another. From his mansion, in his state of the art technology filled room, he pulls his strings. And Clarice stays in distress.<br />Meanwhile, Lecter is hibernating in Florence, the city he once drew from memory in his underground cell. He is spotted and identified by an Italian police officer, (Giancarlo Giannini a long way from Seven Beauties), who, the script quickly implies, is in dire need of money to satisfy his young wife's expensive tastes. He reports the doctor's presence, and things are set in motion. Rather than using this officer's flawed benevolence as human center for his film, Scott typically relishes the opportunity to stage the operas he and his wife frequent; complete with painted faces and elaborate lighting. A small detail, that Amazon would probably consider a spoiler, also prevents him from being the center of the film.           It is Hopkins who must now carry the film. His lines, which were creepy behind the thick glass of Silence would be laughable out in the open. Sensing this, he underplays all his scenes. In the hands of another actor, a silly line like: \\"I've been giving serious consideration to eating your wife\\" would have been farcical. His understated performance salvages some of Lecter's enigma that was so pathetically shattered in Thomas Harris's 600 page laborious mediocrity of a novel (Harris actually went so far as to describe Lecter's tough childhood). On the other hand, notice how Moore speaks with a thick southern accent. Then compare that to how Foster spoke with a stilted one; trying to cover up her indigent upbringing. A character trait way too complex for Hannibal I'm afraid. It is unfair to criticize Moore; she does what she can with a one dimensional part.<br />Here I must admit that I approached Hannibal with low expectations. And I must admit that as such, I enjoyed it. Try to limit the comparisons to the earlier film such as Hans Zimmer's \\"effects\\" score versus Howard Shore's mournful revelatory one in Silence. (Last one I promise.) Scott, with the help of his Gladiator cinematographer, John Mathieson, has taken Harris's desperate, empty novel, and covered up with style and gore. He can not escape the fact that pure evil is infinitely more fascinating when it exists in the background, or on the sidelines as it did in Silence (I guess I lied), but less compelling up close, because then it has to be explained. Evil is a garnish that should be carefully applied lest it become ineffectual. My guess is Dr. Lecter would probably agree. This film, the gory, guilty pleasure that it is, would insult his sense of taste.
6303149200|4.0|This movie is so good that it's a crime that it's no longer easily available. Anchor Bay, are you listening?
B00004RFCM|5.0|For anyone who watches this show religiously, this is a godsend.  Not only can you watch the awesome episodes over and over again, but you get to own the entire season on high quality DVD.  This original HBO series airs during the summer with reruns and repeat broadcasts on the expanded HBO channels.  But even with all these opportunities to watch the episodes, let's face it, we've all missed a show or two.  Well, ta-da!  Here it is.  So, own this, watch it and enjoy...
B000002JSV|5.0|It's hard for me to imagine life without this album,if I live to be 80 I'll still remember the time I brought the Rock'n'Roll Damnation single home and played it for the first time,it still makes me shake like an idiot now as it did then.The rest of Powerage is even better and is further proof that Bon Scott was a genius. It's impossible to say what is AC/DC's greatest album,but this might just be the one,it's got a bluesy feel that none of their others have as much and a great dirty guitar sound.<br />You might be interested to know that we Brits were blessed with an extra song on the original British vinyl release &quot;Cold Hearted Man&quot; the best song on the album(sorry).Try and get it,it's well worth the effort,but even without it this is a rarity, an album you can't get tired of.
B000001FA4|5.0|The Unforgettable Fire marked a distinct turn in U2's sound.  It was the first album to be produced by Daniel Lanois &amp; Brian Eno and the album has a fuller, more ethereal sound as compared to their earlier work, but there is still that sense of rebellion and immediacy.  The album's single &quot;Pride (In The Name Of Love)&quot; is great example of the combination of the sounds.  It has a driving beat, but with the Lanois/Eno production, it has a much fuller sound than say a &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot;, but is no less powerful.  &quot;A Sort Of A Homecoming&quot; is a beautiful, lush song that opens the album while &quot;Wire&quot; and the title track are pulsating, powerful songs.  &quot;Bad&quot; may well be the best song the band has every done.  A song about the perils of heroin addiction, it has the compassionate The Unforgettable Fire marked a distinct turn in U2's sound.  It was the first album to be produced by Daniel Lanois &amp; Brian Eno and the album has a fuller, more ethereal sound as compared to their earlier work, but there is still that sense of rebellion and immediacy.  The album's single &quot;Pride (In The Name Of Love)&quot; is great example of the combination of the sounds.  It has a driving beat, but with the Lanois/Eno production, it has a much fuller sound than say a &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot;, but is no less powerful.  &quot;A Sort Of A Homecoming&quot; is a beautiful, lush song that opens the album while &quot;Wire&quot; and the title track are pulsating, powerful songs.  &quot;Bad&quot; may well be the best song the band has every done.  A song about the perils of heroin addiction, it has the compassionate &amp; understanding lyrics and anthem like quality that the band is best known for.  Granted that some of the songs like &quot;Elvis Presley &amp; America&quot; and &quot;4th of July&quot; are not the best they every done, but the bulk of the album is classic U2.
B000056K04|3.0|Reading all the cries of disgust and betrayal reminds me of how I felt back when U2 released &quot;Joshua Tree&quot; and REM released &quot;Green.&quot;  This isn't a new story, folks.  A band simplifies its approach, cleans up its production, adds all kinds of effects and processing, and presto, a mass seller.  Like the albums above, this will undoubtedly be the biggest seller of the band's career, even though it falls well below the high standards previously established.<br />  No question, the long-time faithful will be bummed.  This is no 'Under the Table,' by any stretch.  But I've long stopped building loyalties to bands, so I guess I can appreciate this album for what it is -- decent music.  All the songs on this album are solid, except for 'Mother Father,' which bombs on cheap moralizing and ridiculous soloing by Santana that sounds like it was done by a drunk highschooler.  I recommend the funky shuffle of 'When the World Ends' and the quirky time-signatures of 'Fool to Think' and 'Sleep to Dream Her.'  Songs like 'The Space Between' and 'Angel' are tailor-made for radio airplay and seem destined for mass popularity, but are less than brilliant, naturally.<br />So yes, it's a sellout.  But maybe acceptable on its own terms?
B000001FRY|5.0|Boy is the album that introduced the Irish band to the world.  The band were basically still teenagers at the time of the release and the album has that sense of urgency and earnestness that one feels at that age.  This is the band's chance at the big time and they don't want to let it slip through their hands.  &quot;I Will Follow&quot; is a powerful blast of rock and roll that percolates and pounds.  &quot;Into The Heart&quot; is almost mystical in its delivery and &quot;Another Time, Another Place&quot; is a ripper.  The album has an airy sound in places such as on &quot;The Ocean&quot;, &quot;Twilight&quot; and &quot;The Electric Co.&quot; while songs like &quot;Stories For Boys&quot; and &quot;Shadows &amp; Tall Trees&quot; have an endearing naivete to them.  Boy is chock full of promise and potential and the band proved they were up to the task of reaching and fulfilling that promise and potential over the course of their career.
B000000OQF|5.0|Apepetite for Destruction is perhaps the greatest debut album of all time. When Appetite was release in 1987, the metal scene was dominated by Whitesnake, Bon Jovi and Poison, all big hair bands singing about sex. Guns N Roses burst onto the scene with a sleazy, drug induced album that had dark grisly lyrics. From the opening of Welcome to The Jungle to Axls infamous Out to Get Me to Mr Brownstone the album reeked off a band on a road to stardom but self-destruction aswell. Here was a band already partying hard (check the lyrics to Brownstone) but also playing stadium rock (ie Paradise City). The band never release the throttle, its hard rock all along. By the end of the 80s Guns N Roses were the biggest rock n roll band in the world, only to release the Use Your Illusions I&amp;II set in 1991, and The Spaghetti Incident? both of which receieved ordinary reviews and despite selling gazillions weren't in the same league as Appetite for Destruction. This is the pinacle of the glam metal scene in the 1980s. If you only want one momento of the hair sleaze bands of LA in the 1980s, forget Poison, Motley Crue etc, buy this album and a bottle of Jack Daniels. Play it loud and wear a wig and head bang hard !
0780020685|5.0|When you hear a movie is &quot;art&quot;, fifty years old, black and white and three hours long, you might be to run, but in this film director Akira Kurosawa tells a story that is beautiful, timeless and exciting.  How many times have you seen a pitiful oppressed town reach out to a ragtag bunch of swordsmen/gunfighters/solders to save them?  This is the movie that did it best.  A feudal Japanese village is awaiting the return of the brigands who will be again take their barley crop.  A villager convinces the others to hire protection.  The samurai are chosen and everyone is transformed, including you. <br />The Magnificant Seven is most often cited as its progeny, but how about A Bug's Life or The &quot;A&quot; Team?
B000000OTU|5.0|&quot;Big Ones&quot; covers Aerosmith after they reformed in 1984, and went to Betty Ford. It covers their period with Geffen in which they recorded four albums; Let The Music Do The Talking (1985), Permanent Vacation (1987), Pump (1989) and Get A Grip (1993). It covers all their hits from that period, Angel, Rag Doll, Dude.., Love in a Elevator, Janies Got a Gun, Living on The Edge, Cryin',Amazin; and Crazy. All great songs especially if you like Aerosmith and don't own any albums - this one covers all their hits and is a good introduction to the band. Put the CD in the CD player, grab your air guitar, pump your fists in the air and Just Push Play !
6305313687|5.0|&quot;American History X&quot; is one of those films that is so important,flaws and all,that it can't be ignored.As with Spike Lee's ground-breaking classic,&quot;AHX&quot; deals very honestly and compellingly with hate,alination and confusion,and the racist feeling that can result from them.Edward Norton,always excellent,gives the performance of his career as Derrick Vinyard,a young man driven to hate and racism by the death of his father.The story follows his imprisonment and eventual rehabilitation throgh an artful use of flash-backs and broken narrative.Once out of prison,he attempts to steer his younger brother away from the life he started,finding that the roots of racism are harder to sever than he imagined.I don't want to give any more away,just suffice it to say that this film offers a compelling,well-rounded look at a festering problem in our society,in all it's troubling complexity.Not to be missed.
B000055X3U|3.0|I don't own other Anathema albums yet, and I haven't listened to any songs in other album. But this is a solid album. It opens with the AOR &quot;Deep&quot; which has an awesome guitar. After, there is &quot;Pitiless&quot;, with a good melody. Then, goes &quot;Forgotten Hopes&quot;, a slow ballad. One of my favourites. Then there are three excellent tracks (&quot;Destiny Is Dead&quot;, &quot;Make It Right&quot; and &quot;One Last Goodbye&quot;). After comes &quot;Parisienne Moonlight&quot;, and &quot;Judgement&quot; which is the best song in the album. After there is the moderate &quot;Don't Look Too Far&quot;. I don't like this song very much. Then there are good songs, especially &quot;Wings Of God&quot;. An enjoyable track. Fans must buy this album.
B000002J1S|5.0|This mind-blowingly ambitious double-disc extravaganza,represents both Genesis' apex,and,sadly,the end of the Gabriel era.Released in 1974,it's the last album Gabriel would do with the band,and he goes out in impeccable style.In true prog-rock double-album tradition,the project is keyed to a loose narrative,this one,as far as I can piece together,centered on a grafitti artist in New York named Rael,who is thrown into some nightmarish dream world of visions and symbolic encounters and journeys.All very poetic and Liturature professor impressing.Gabriel outdoes himself in the lyric department,coming up with his most insanely creative word-play yet,as in the neo-beat-poet closing section of &quot;Broadway Melody of 1974&quot;,the vivid description of suffocation in &quot;The Cage&quot;,and the folksy ruminations of &quot;The Chamber of 32 Doors&quot;.But,ultimately,as is the norm on Genesis records,the band is what really makes the album unforgettable.The eclecticism and experimental fervor on display really is unique in the Genesis catalogue;rich textures,off-beat tunings,hair-pin arrangements,and florid,consuming atmospheres abound.In &quot;The Cage&quot;,Tony Banks whips out is most frenetic keyboard solo,then heads into a shrieking blow-out to close the track,Steve Hackett's gift for angular riffing and evocative phrasing shines on &quot;the Lamia&quot;,and &quot;Broadway Melody&quot;,and the band's knack for water-tight jamming is especially evident on &quot;The Colony Of Slippermen&quot;.The massive length and all-over-the-map musical exploration may not be for everyone,but those inclined will be more than satisfied.
B000056VIY|2.0|Ok, I heard reviews that this was a good review, so I downloaded some of it on napster.  I was listening to play and she says the f word on it!  Ok, now I don't like music like that and I wanna know why it doesn't have a warning label on this cd.  Unless this cd doesn't have this word on it.  Anyway, if play didn't have that word it would be a decent song. Also Walking on sunshine and the 1st track is pretty good.  Other than that, I'm not impressed at all.  I give 2 stars for the 3 ok songs and for effort.
B00004XQ83|4.0|Even if you're not a fan of country/folk-type music, you have to admit that this is a beautiful album to listen to. The Coen brothers have a way with scoring movies, and even though &quot;O Brother Where Art Thou?&quot; may not be Movie of the Year, it certainly is worth the price of admission. And the soundtrack fits the film to a tee.<br />All the music here is American folk tunes covered by modern artists. And there are several highlights. My personal favorite is &quot;Man of Constant Sorrow,&quot; performed here by (allegedly) the Soggy Bottom Boys, who are the three main characters in the movie. It's a stirring folk song that's hard not to enjoy. I don't know if George Clooney got his mother's gift, or if it's even him on the album, but whoever it is, it's good.<br />Other highlights include two Alison Krauss pieces. The first, &quot;Down in the River to Pray,&quot; is an old-time spiritual with a chorus backing Krauss up. The other is Krauss, alongside Gillian Welch and Emmylou Harris, singing &quot;Didn't Leave Noobody But the Baby,&quot; a seductive, ambient chant that works well on the three convicts. The film draws parallels from Homer's Odyssey, and the three ladies fill the role of Sirens (quite well, actually).<br />My other favorite is the totally minimal &quot;O Death&quot; by Ralph Stanley. Stanley is an older man (I would guess in his 60s or 70s), and he sings a capella. Just a weathered, beaten voice singing, &quot;O Death/O Death/Won't you spare me over to another year?&quot; It's sung in the movie by the Grand Dragon at a KKK rally as they are preparing to lynch a black man, and is both stirring and horrific.<br />There are some klunkers here, though, but it may just be that I am not old enough to appreciate them. Songs like Harry McClintock's &quot;Big Rock Candy Mountain&quot; and Norman Blake's &quot;You Are My Sunshine&quot; just don't do it for me. Also, there are three separate versions of &quot;Man of Constant Sorrow&quot; here. I mean, it's a good song, but c'mon...<br />Overall, however, this is an album (and a movie) well worth your time and money. Check it out.
1558908498|4.0|&quot;Scream 2&quot; is possibly the best horror movie sequel ever, and that's because it stays in touch with the ideas and plot structure of the first film, relying on the old cliches to give us another fresh and involving thriller. I'd even go so far as to say that this movie is superior to its predecessor, and that judgement lies with the character development and its comical treatment of the subject matter, while also being as cunning and inventive as &quot;Scream,&quot; keeping us at bay until the unexpected resolution. <br />&quot;Scream 2&quot; is a parodical look at the first film, beginning with a special screening of the new movie &quot;Stab,&quot; which is based on the book &quot;The Woodsboro Murders&quot; written by Gale Weathers. At the screening, two college students are brutally murdered by a man in that same old ghost mask. Not that he/she would be easy to spot: the studio gave away &quot;Stab&quot; costumes to all the audience members, and everyone is running all over the place. The whole movie angle provides for some of the tension, because no one believes that the murders are interconnected, perpetuating the action. <br />Soon, news of the murder gets back to Sidney Prescott, now a college student, who consults Randy, also at college, on what he thinks is going on. She now has a potential boyfriend, Derek, who appears to genuinely care for her, and friends Mickey and Halle, typical college students who are put into the story for good measure. <br />Or are they? Like &quot;Scream,&quot; the sequel also makes everyone out to be a possible suspect through their actions and their words, which keeps the suspense unbearable in wanting to know who the killer is. As Sidney and others have their own opinions, reporter Gale Weathers, now a network reporter, retrieves her old ambitions and does everything to get the story, with exhonerated convict Cotton Weary, the man formerly accused of Sidney's mother's murder, chasing her for airtime. Not to mention thepesky reporter who looks up to Gale with every inch of her being. <br />The film's shock quotient is extremely high, keeping us involved and wanting to know who is going to get killed next. Most of the murdered characters are secondary, leading up to murders of certain important actors that point to other as the suspects. The plot has all the machinations and cliches of the first film, again using it to its advantage in propelling its plot forward while giving those old horror tactics a fresh new look. <br />What really makes this movie shine over the predecessor is the characterization of its characters. The Sidney of this movie is much stronger, much more stable than in the first movie, which provides a lot in keeping the movie going. Neve Campbell reprises her role, and does some of the best acting of the movie. The relationship between Deputy Dewey and Gale Weathers is intensified further here, and Courteney Cox and David Arquette are the perfect pair for the job. Cox especially shines here, bringing out more of Gale's ambitions which later become replaced with fear. Liev Schreiber portrays Cotton Weary, who really has nothing to do here but follow people around, but watch out for his chance to save the day. <br />Telling you anymore than I already have will spoil the movie, which is full of surprises and stunning twists. This movie has a more adult feel than the first, which will provide for even more entertainment to moviegoers. There is so much fun to be had with &quot;Scream 2,&quot; which is solid entertainment full of suspense and intelligence.
B00004Y6O9|3.0|Yes, it's the first Van Halen album.  Yes, it's ground-breaking.  Yes, there are many positives to it. Unfortunately, Eddie's guitar work is very insipid.  It has been throughout all his records -- one will be hard-pressed to find a solo by him that is musically inspiring. Also, David Lee Roth, the great performer that he may be, isn't necessarily the best vocalist in the world.  In fact, one may safely say that he is very mediocre.  His disregard for pitch on most of the songs, along with the fact that even on this early record he is already full of himself, all but ruins these songs. On the final note, anyone who dares to call Eddie Van Halen creative and/or original obviously knows very little about music and guitar playing.  He's come up with few hooks in his career that have any such qualities, and as I already pointed out, his solos are done tastelessly. On a more positive note, yes, the songs are somewhat decent, and disregarding all the negative points, this is a rocking record that is at times enjoyable.
B00003CXMG|5.0|I actually have a small music credit in the movie so I'm partial &amp; proud. I love the movie and purchased the DVD hoping the &quot;director's cut&quot; with some 40 minutes of deleted scenes would have a bit more of ME than the theatrical release had. Unfortunately this DVD edition is not a director's cut as it was promoted to be... hopefully the next edition will help to further stroke my ego. That does not change the fact that this is very fresh take on music of the 70's which viewers of all generations should be able to relate to. Do not pass it by.
0440214041|4.0|&quot;The pelican brief&quot; by John Grisham is a very interesting book about two killed judges, a file written by a law student, with a possibility for an answer of the questions &quot;Why were they killed?&quot; and &quot;Who dunit?&quot;, and the chase of this student, who wrote the theory. You learn about the American system of law, the work in the Oval Office and the Supreme Court. There is always tension in this well written book. When I started it, I could not stop reading. The book is a bestseller, which does not always show something of its quality, but here it does. I think it was a good idea that the truth appears almost in the end of the book, that makes it so exciting. The book is not only a book about crime, it is also a love story between Gray and Darby and a thriller. A very commendable book!
0440214041|4.0|I enjoyed this book. Grisham wants to capture the attention of the reader. And it works although there are a few unbelievable elements in the book. But these unrealistic elements are necessary. I wish the government would react to the opinion of students more often. What is also very intresting in the book is, that at the beginning you just have parts of a story and trough the book you get more an more and at the end you can connect everything like a big puzzle. The book is written in typical John Grisham style, very fast and intresting.
B00000K3D4|5.0|I have the DVD version and i never get tired of watching it!! The acting is superb!  Plus, the ballroom seen is a visual feast! Not, to mention the song they use for that sequence!! If you have not seen this movie then go see it!! You will not be dissaponted!
6305232660|4.0|Movies made in the hopes of earnings lots of money from box office sales usually don't fare well, but that is not the case with Paramount's &quot;Deep Impact,&quot; the first of two asteroid thrillers to come out on 1998. Unlike Touchstone's &quot;Armageddon,&quot; this movie's plot is much more lucid, relying not on predictability, but on slow-building intensity, interesting twists and turns, and characters that we can care for from beginning to end. This film has a human element to back its story, which makes it much more emotional and entertaining for the audience. If you've seen the theatrical trailer, then the movie will be ruined somewhat, but if not, or even if you enjoy movies with trailer spoilers, then this movie will be entertaining and intense. <br />The movie begins with high school students looking at the sky, one of them spotting a mass in the sky that seems out of place. He sends his images and graphs to an astronomer, who concludes that is is an Earth-bound asteroid which will cause worldwide destruction and death. In his haste to rush his findings to a different lab, he is involved in a fatal accident that destroys his information. Meanwhile, in Washington, D.C., the vice president has just resigned, and while the media thinks its because of an extramarital affair, news reporter Jenny Lerner discovers that it is something else. <br />This forces the President to make public the fact that there is an asteroid headed towards Earth, and that they have taken necessary action on hopes of preserving human life. Meanwhile, a team of astronauts is sent up to the asteroid to try and destroy it, but their mission is a failure, which calls for more counter-actions. The big climax comes to intense life as those who have been selected for safety are grouped together, leaving the others to fend for themselves as they wait to see whether or not the asteroid will strike. <br />The movie follows some typical cliches and plotlines that you normally find in movies ofthe nature. The asteroid's perseverance is one of these; no matter what they do to try and destroy it or knock it off its trajectory, it still keeps coming back, each time faster and more dangerous. This is really the only thing you'd find in another movie, though. The plot keeps a high level of originality as we watch the lives of the people affected by the impending disaster. <br />This is told in three separate stories: Leo Biederman, who first spotted the comet, reporter Jenny and how her personal life comes to a crossroads with the announcement of the comet's course, and the astronauts in space, who have the toughest job of all in saving the planet. Biederman's story centers around his family and that of his girlfriend's, and the choices both of them must make in order to survive impending doom. Jenny's parents are divorced, and she must come to terms with the anger she holds for her father as the countdown gets closer to completing. The astronauts, of course, must deal with intense situations and a perilous mission to save the planet, which provides for a lot of the action in the movie. <br />The fact that it takes its time in diving into these character's lives gives it a much richer, emotional feel. In this movie, we can actually care about what happens to the planet because we see life in many different ways, through different peoples' eyes. We also get a chance to think about what we would do in their situation, placing ourselves in their shoes when it comes down to who's going into the caves and who's not. And instead of going down trodden paths, the characters do things that surprise us, keeping the story original and the suspense moving. <br />The science behind the making of this movie is, for the most part, authentic and believable. The asteroid-hitting-Earth theory is exercised quite well, surrounding itself with historical scientific findings which are used to lead up to the story for this movie. The space aspect of the movie may seem a bit hokey,but give it some credit: it does provide us with a feel for what we might do if we were given this type of situation. The hokiness is downplayed by the sincere acting and special effects, which are not totally seamless but believable enough. There is also an interesting take on how an asteroid might change things if it were to hit Earth, but I'll leave all the details out of that so as to keep it a surprise. <br />The actors here are all-star, and this is one of those movies where each performance is strong and credible. Morgan Freeman plays the President of the United States, and brings with him all his austerity and onscreen presence that he possesses in his other roles. Tea Leoni is Jenny Lerner, and she is able to bring to life Jenny's perseverance and ambition, while keeping the role emotionally involved as well. Elijah Wood is Leo Biederman, and he moves with a swiftness all his own, breathing life into his character. He is the ideal science geek who is boyishly handsome, which is important for a role like this. Other actors include Robert Duvall, Vanessa Redgrave, and others, all of whom add here and there to the heart and emotional core of the story. <br />&quot;Deep Impact&quot; is more or less mainstream summer entertainment for the masses, and given this, it does quite well for itself, taking its time in bringing to life its thrilling story. The characters are given time to develop, and the story never fails in delivering intensity and suspense. I must confess I am a nut for movies of this genre, and while this one of is not the best of the best, it certainly deserves recognition and praise.
B00003CX5P|3.0|Okay, I saw the previews for this movie quite a few times.  A saw the scene previews on MTV.  All of them looked incredible, the effects and the scale of the movie looked outstanding.  This was going to be a movie where you went in, and came out and went &quot;Oh my god, that was the coolest thing I've ever seen.&quot;<br />That said, the film doesn't do that.  It's supposed to be an epic story, a saga.  A very rich story like it is in the original Star Wars.  It should have been as powerful as those, but with modern effects and an enourmous budget.<br />Instead, the thing is FULL of corny lines.  Jar Jar Binks is the worst addition to the saga EVER.  He is there only as an appeal to young kids.  It's so blatently obvious that it's embarrasing to watch.   I'm 15, and I've been a Star Wars fan for a long, long time.  I read all the books and really got in to it.  When the next episode finally came out, I was hopeing to see it be amazing.  I wanted to go in and come out with the reaction I said above.  Instead I came out and said, &quot;Heh, that was kinda dumb.&quot;  Seeing a dumb character step in poo (twice) and say things like exqueeze me is NOT Star Wars.  Nor is watching little kids accidently blow up a ship by accidently flying into it, while saying things like &quot;Whoa, this is tense!&quot;  That is NOT Star Wars, that's corny and really, really shallow wrighting.<br />Bottom line, this movie should have been extraordinary.  The fans who waited in line to see this for days didn't come to see Jar Jar or Anakin be dumb and cute.  They came to see Star Wars.  This stuff is really a dissapointment.<br />But, I gave it three stars because the music is outstanding and the battles and all the effects are increadible.  The Droids vs. the Gungans was really cool, but it's ruined by making Jar Jar (who has no clue what he's doing...how is he a general?  IT MAKES NO SENSE) accidently kill some driods by accidently letting loose the Gungan's bombs.  The Pod race was SUPERBLY done.  The three-way lightsaber battle was EXCEPTIONAL.  This stuff IS star wars.  The Jedi council, the senate and that stuff was good too.  These things manage to save the movie, but not enough.  We can only hope that the next one will be a better movie.
0790729628|1.0|I have read many of the reviews here of the greatness and the glorious descriptions of the Directors cut and I just do see how anyone could write such positive things about a movie that had its heart and soul torn from it.  The theatrical release is so much better than the directors' cut that they are not even in the same league.  The directors' cut is dry, hard to follow and just leaves to with the feeling he did not have a clue in how to tell this story.<br />When you watch the theatrical release, you get so much more information with the narrative added.  The narrative is done in a slow, mono tone type of voice that helps paint even a darker picture of the times and what man has done with his scientific know how.  Blade Runner is one of the finest science fiction movies made but the Directors' cut looks and sounds are like taking the world's finest works of art and painting mustaches on them!<br />Stay with the theatrical release, you will find yourself enjoying it repeatedly.  I can hardly wait for the theatrical release to come out on DVD.  Save you money and buy that release, you will not be sorry.
B00003CXFU|4.0|Like many other reviewers,I have been oblivious to the star power of Julia Roberts. I've always found her bland, and her one attempt at off-beat casting &quot;Mary Reilly&quot; was disasterous. But in &quot;Erin Brockovich&quot; she has found a character who is not a grinny Girl Scout, but on the other hand seems to fit Ms Roberts' persona. Erin Brockovich is a loose cannon whose worst enemy is her own mouth, but underneath the bluster (not to mention the Frederick's of Fresno wardrobe) is an impulsive woman with a brain and a warm sympathy for others. Ms Roberts handles the role well, using her natural charm and vitality to complete the character. (And I'm sure it helped to have a strong director Steven Soderbergh controlling the  character's in-your-face crusading spirit.) Her co-star is Albert Finney, who is remarkable as Erin's lawyer-boss -- an American, of course. Who would believe that Finney was born in England and attended RADA? (Incidently, that 18th Century stud muffin Tom Jones in unrecognizable here.) They get hefty support, especially from Aaron Eckhart as Erin's boyfriend, a down-to-Earth biker who isn't ashamed to play with kids or wear reading glasses. Marg Helgenberger is touching as a woman whose life is threatened by an irresponsible bureaucracy, and Conchata Farrell is always fun in any small role she plays. As another litigant in the lawsuit Erin is involved in, Cherry Jones has yet to display on screen that wattage that has electrified New York. Susannah Grant's screenplay manages to miss most (though not all) the clichs of let's-buck-the-system stories; and the musical score (thank God!) is laid back, avoiding any soaring feel-good excesses. &quot;Erin Brockovich&quot; is not a great movie, but it is absorbing and very enjoyable.
B00000I924|4.0|Jeff Beck is back and not a moment too soon. While other so called &quot;Guitar Gods&quot; of the past are busy churning out the same old riffs, Jeff keeps reinventing himself and exploring new sounds. The techno grooves are are great back drop for the Beckster's blazing guitar licks....and it isn't a senseless barrage of notes for the sole purpose of being flashy. Ignore the one overblown new age send-up and you've got a strong effort, indeed.<br />Then run out and get &quot;You had it coming&quot; which is a tour-de-force classic!!!
B00000G3PA|3.0|The one good thing about &quot;Armageddon&quot; is not in the story, not in the special effects, but in the emotion it is able to instill through the performances of its actors. That, along, remains the only positive aspect of a film that is predictable and tedious, testing patience while stretching credulity. The story fails to do any justice for the film's intended ideas, and the special effects overpower the movie during most of its running time. <br />The movie begins with a pretty nice retelling of the origins of Earth, as well as the extinction of the dinosaurs. Pretty soon, we're watching a space shuttle being bombarded with small meteors in space, and this sends NASA into a frenzy to figure out the nature of the accident. There troubles escalate when an intense meteor shower rains fire down on New York City (what other city, right?). This is one of those sequences simply put into the movie to try and instill fear and tension, but this is ruined by the writer's placement of small comical relief in the form of a taxi driver who has a way with words. The movie is full of trying to make tense situations funny, putting into under an identity crisis of sorts. <br />The movie then takes us to an oil rig, where Harry Stamper spends his days hitting golf balls at environmental protestors and yelling at his daughter Grace, who has been the adult of the pair all her life while her father plays the small child. NASA sends a chopper to pick the two of them up, and the situation is explained to them as well as the audience: an asteroid the size of Texas is heading for Earth, and will hit in 18 days unless they can send a crew of (wouldn't you know it?) drillers to the rock's surface to impregnate it with a nuclear warhead so that it will blow up and cause a brilliant light show for everyone on Earth that's waiting in suspense. <br />That last sentence pretty much describes the movie, which gives us a story they think we want to see, when in fact, there is so much more I wanted to see. For instance, we are never given a chance to care that Earth is going to be destroyed because, besides the characters being placed on the asteroid, we never get a chance to know anyone on Earth to give it a human feel (unless you count Dan Truman, the NASA guy who keeps pouring on the foreshadowing of doom and death). Interspersed through the movie are small shots of people listening to their radios and pointing to the sky as eventful things happen. This really does nothing to add human drama to the movie's plot, and by the end, you'll wish the rock would just end everything and get it over with. <br />The movie also does not live up to the ideas it so badly wants to embody. The movie brinks on giving us a story of perseverance and courage, but instead is ruined by substituting these traits for predictable scenes and far-fetched plot elements that ruin the entire experience with a cry of &quot;Oh, come on.&quot; First movie magic plot twist off the assembly line is the movie's placement of the rig workers into an twelve-day astronaut training program for their venture into space. Twelve days? There is no way, especially since most of the time is spent going through useless psychiatric tests and medical exams, which are humorous but unaffecting in terms of plot development. The movie also has so many situations in which things are about to go wrong, but right at the last minute, our heroes save the day. The missile quarrel on the asteroid is a prime example; NASA overrides the system and starts the countdown from Earth's remote control link to the bomb, and with just seconds left on the timer, our heroes find the right wire and cut it to stop the explosion, which allows for more running time more than story. This is not only totally predictable, but totally unbelievable in reality, making the movie mindless and an insult to its own &quot;intelligence.&quot; <br />Special effects seem to dominate most of the picture, and while they are dazzling, they donothing in terms of what the movie wants to portray. &quot;Armageddon&quot; is about a big asteroid, so why not show us a big asteroid? The only times we ever get to see it is through the windows of a space shuttle or while they are drilling on its surface, and rarely do we get a faraway shot of it in its entire. So why, exactly, are we supposed to believe that this is going to mean the end of Earth? The effects do a good job of creating some tension, but only to a certain point, and that's if the plot's hokey machinations are absent for a few minutes. <br />One redeeming feature of this film is the emotion that it contains, and believe it or not, there actually is some. The drillers are shown as having lives outside of their work: one has a small boy who lives with his mother, while the plot also goes into a bit of romance between Grace and AJ, one of the drillers. This gives the movie a chance to exercise more of its father-daughter angle, which it does to a point without ever becoming preachy or tedious. The group's journey into space also is aided by the performances, playing out all the situations nicely and with ease, giving the story a feel-good attitude while adding some tension. <br />The cast is comprised of many well-knowns, all of whom shine in their unique roles. Bruce Willis is the ideal choice for Harry Stamper, being able to balance his rough and tough macho-isms with an equal amount of emotion and feeling. Liv Tyler plays Grace, his daughter, and their onscreen time together is believable and affectingly acted. I enjoyed watching these two at work the most, for they are able to make us feel for them as they experience their perils. Ben Affleck plays AJ, and while his role is not Oscar-worthy, he still does a good job of interacting with the story and the other actors' roles. The group of drillers includes Owen Wilson, Steve Buscemi, Will Patton, and others, all of whom bring slight touches of comedy to the movie while adding energy and feeling to the plot. <br />You have to give producers Jerry Bruckheimer and Michael Bay credit for knowing just what audiences want in their summer movies, and that is lots of action harnessed by clichés and predictability, so as not to take away too much focus from the special effects and sequences of intensity. For me, this just wasn't enough. I did, however, feel that the movie has a solid emotional aspect that was brought into play by the performances of the actors. The movie does make one cry, yes, but in the end, it has its flaws that keep it from realizing its full potential.
6304082428|5.0|I love Jane Austen, and if you feel as I do you will absolutely love this movie. The actors become the character that in your mind they are one and the same. <br />They do such a good job not only protraying some of literatures most complicated characters but they also recreate the time period to perfection. <br />You lierally become so invloved in the plight of Lizzy, the main character, that she becomes one of your close friends and you want to meet her.<br />The movie is long, but can be watched in increments. It is very close to the book and when it is not letter perfect it is at leat in line with the spirit of the work. I highly recomned watching this movie.<br />Faith Smith Texas
B00003CXAR|5.0|I just recieved the DVD version of Jaws (25th Anniversary Widescreen Collector's Edition) This is a very impressive DVD!! I love the original movie trailers- I remember seeing these in a theatre back in the 70s- I remember how much everyone anticipated Jaws after seeing these- these trailers alone are worth the price of the DVD!!<br />I found the &quot;outtakes&quot; rather dumb- I don't know why these were even included- I expected more when I read the DVD description.<br />The same could be said of the &quot;deleted scenes&quot;- very boring and uneventful- probably why they were deleted in the first place!<br />The trivia game is a nice addition. If you can get every question correct then you really know this movie!!!<br />The biography section of the DVD is also a nice addition- it tells about the acting history of Roy Schieder, Robert Shaw, Richard Dreyfuss- and a brief history of Steven Spielberg.<br />The digital transfer of Jaws to DVD is nothing short of outstanding!! It really &quot;cleaned up&quot; well. It is also in &quot;real&quot; widescreen- the way that this movie can be fully appreciated.<br />In all, the widescreen DVD version of Jaws is an excellent addition to any collection. Highly recommended!!
0425166805|5.0|When I first read Chariots of the Gods years ago, it grabbed me like no book before.  The hypothesis was staggering, the evidence astounding. I recall my teenage enthusiasm over learning the origins of our species. But as the years went by and I grew more cynical and crotchety, and saw much of the &quot;evidence&quot; disputed and discredited, I've had to back off on the conviction that Von Daniken was right about ancient aliens visiting Earth and spawning the race of Man.<br />However, since its publication, the pendulum of mainstream science has swung toward belief of life on other planets--even intelligent life. There remains many reasons to keep an open mind on the subject: unexplained and credible UFO sightings; our own space travel capabilities; the statistics supporting intelligent alien life; reports of ongoing alien abduction and breeding; the unsolved mysteries of Man's origin; and a good deal of Von Daniken's compelling evidence that has not been otherwise explained. Every decade or so there is a paradigm shift in the body of scientific knowledge Man has accumulated, which always makes us more enlightened, but also proves that throughout the past we were wrong on many things and never as smart as we thought we were. There's no reason to think the trend won't continue.<br />So who knows what really happened in our past? Surely, much of Von Daniken's premise is inaccurate, but that doesn't change the fact that his book is a highly stimulating and entertaining read. I loved it. --Christopher Bonn Jonnes
B0000009TJ|5.0|Zappa is one of those few artists whose diversity is so great, it is quite common to find people who love one aspect of his work (say, guitar solos), and fail to appreciate the rest.  Zappa was primarily a composer and satirist.  Yes he was an excellent guitar player (and this CD features many fine solos), but to limit one's appreciation to that is hard for me to comprehend.  <br />I would say that the total appreciation of this album might not be fully realized if you are not familiar with the original versions of some of these songs.  For me, that was one of the album's high points - hearing the big band arrangements of these great songs showing Zappa's incredible versatility as an arranger and composer.<br />If you are a casual Zappa listener, I wouldn't recommend this as a starting point.  But for any fan of his body of work, this is essential.
B000021XR5|4.0|At first I hated it. I thought, &quot;what a s*** album! Sour Girl and Down are the only good songs!&quot; Was I wrong. While listening to the radio, I heard &quot;Sex Type Thing&quot; and considering No. 4 is the only STP album I own, I went back to it for a second listen. I'm glad I did. I also went back to listen to all their albums, and this is their best, definitely (followed by Core, Purple, and Tiny Music). It rocks so hard on some songs, which is really cool (down, heaven and hot rods, No Way Out) and then smooths out to a guitar driven mellow ones (Sour Girl, Atlanta). However, not all is good: Pruno and Church on Tuesday are probably the worst songs on here, and after a while you may find youself listening to only the rock songs, or the mellow, whatever fits you. Truly STP's best work, and one of the most solid, and great rock albums ever.
6304994540|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorites. It's kind of like the Coen Brothers meet Kerouac and Vonnegut in the cocktail lounge of the local Valley bowling alley in the early 90's and during the problem with Saddam (&quot;this unchecked aggression will not be tolerated,&quot; says Mr. Bush, and later Walter. It's a sort of 90's battle cry).<br />The story about the &quot;trophy wife&quot;, the Nihilist Germans (look for Flea of the Chili Peppers, who says stuff like, &quot;YAAAUU LEWWBOFSKI!&quot;), the Karl Hungus, Jackie Treehorn fiasco; the rug, the marmont, Larry Sellers- the crappy student, Brandon, Kraftwerk-like German droners, and the mysterious artiste, Ms. Maude Lebowski, are all secondary to the dialogue and the interplay by these, well, losers, who somehow carry on despite themselves. The film is hilarious; regardless of the plot. And it's a great period piece about a period not so far removed.<br />&quot;I am the Walrus?&quot; questions Donny.<br />Sure. Why not, Donny. Go with it.
B000002C2E|5.0|If you are a Dylan fan in any shape, way or form.  You need to own this CD.  I am a hardcore Dylan fan and have been for upto 14 years now.  I have every single Dylan CD!  I have heard every song Dylan has ever recorded.  And I can tell you that this is Dylans finest hour, hands down his best CD.  In no way has music touched me so deeply.  Hats off to you Mr. Dylan for you have created something here that goes way beyond music, beyond anything.  An incredibly underrated CD.
B000056NX4|5.0|Once you get past the fact that the disciples look as if they just stepped out of &quot;RENT&quot;, you'll enjoy this video immensely. The Tim Rice/Andrew Lloyd Webber years produced the best work to date out of either man's career (with the possible exception of &quot;Chess&quot;). If you're looking for a purely Christian musical about the life of Christ, this is not for you. It's about so much more than the last six days of the life of Jesus. Rice and Webber used the story of Jesus as a parable to illustrate the dangers of being different and defying the norms of society. The establishment will go to extrordinary lengths to quiet the voices of those who are a threat.  The people who criticize the musical and call it blasphemeous don't understand what the musical is trying to say. JCS never attempts to be dogmatic. It's just a story, and the fact that it is told over and over and in many different constructions shows the validity of the message. <br />I've seen multiple productions of JCS and this one ranks among the best. It can be made or broken by specific moments in the show and this video shows just how well this story can be told.
B00004KD11|4.0|This was my first Deep Purple Album and I think it is very good. Is it better than In Rock, Machine Head, or Who do we think we are? No, it probably isn't, but these albums are from two  different eras of Deep Purple. Rod Evans' voice is just fine for what they were doing at this time. Don't forget he went on to sing for Captain Beyond. The Captain's first album was one of the best ever recorded! Even with Rod Evans voice. Shades of Deep Purple might have sounded like the 60's because it was in the sixties. Regardless of when it was done it was well written and well performed....
0440214041|4.0|The Pelican Brief embraced me in its arms of tension.It is a very interesting book at every page including the fascinating description of the persons.Sometimes I felt like an agent,too,and imagined to figure out the connections between the characters myself.
0446677450|5.0|After hearing about this book, I finally purchased it while waiting for a delayed flight.  I've always considered myself to have a high financial I.Q. However, I've learned that there is more to money than simply watching it multiply.  After reading this book I understand how my attitude regarding &quot;things&quot; stifles my financial growth.  My husband and I recently purchased a home appraised at 530,000 dollars.  One can only imagine what the mortgage payment is.  Yes we can make the mortgage, but this book forced me to face whether or not we can really afford it if one of us loses our job tomorrow. Do we have enough assets to carry us through?  The answer is a resounding no.  Only because we want to have the finer things now, before our assets pay for them.  Yes a house is a liability among other things. We would not be considered wealthy, but we drive German cars and live in this luxurious home.  I am sick that I didn't buy this book before we signed.  Had we waited and stayed in our smaller but beautiful home, we would have several more thousand dollars per month to help continue building our assets.  We have a wonderful life, and money is not all there is.  But those who live with the misconception that building wealth makes one unhappy, they are sadly mistaken.  This book has enriched our family and I am certain that our children will pursue their dreams, live life to its fullest and unlike me, have a high financial I.Q. before they are thirty.
0440214041|4.0|The Pelican Brief embraced me in its arms of tension.It is a very interesting book at every page including the fascinating description of the persons.Sometimes I felt like an agent,too,and imagined to figure out the connections between the characters myself.
0440214041|3.0|The book itself is well written. But Grisham introduced far too many characters and it is difficult to keep track of who is who. Also it is impossible that a young law student could write a file about the corruption in the white house, the FBI and CIA and that she and the Washington Post reporter Gray Grantham could uncover these corruption. It was not the best of Grisham book I've read, but it is exciting and interesting in reading!
0767802470|5.0|Well, when I was 7 years old I visited the war memorial at La Boe in Northern Germany. There one can actually  take a tour through a real WW2 sub. The movie &quot;Das Boot&quot; is the closest to ever catch the real claustrophobic atmosphere one inevitably gets into inside such a &quot;coffin of steel&quot;. The directors cut is simply superb and features some more material from the 1981 enhanced TV version of Das Boot. Petersen produced Das Boot 1979 for the cinema and later added lots of scenes for a TV version which runs about 4 1/2 hours covering the complete true life  account &quot;Das Boot&quot; by Lothar Guenther Buchheim.
B00005614N|5.0|Excuse the hyperbole, but honestly, I'm just being honest. Words fail to describe the awe, joy and wonder that this musical meeting evokes. I've always preferred Ellington's smaller ensemble arrangements (opposed to the orchestral setup) and when you place Satch into the mix, well, it's just pure magic. Not to be missed -- an absolute essential to any serious jazz aficionados collection.
B00004RHZU|5.0|The primary reason why I cherish this album is because Pink actually touches upon the things that adults (particularly protective parents) may not like hearing their daughters dealing with, such as sexual feelings, loss of innocence, crushes, etc...  A clear example of this is on the last song of the album, &quot;Is it Love&quot;, where she deals with a boy who confuses her body with lust but leaves her heart empty by not being around. It may not be music that you'd encourage girls to listen to, but it is definitely music to help them cope.  Aside from the more &quot;controversial&quot; topics, Pink really gives strong, beautiful vocals and I will be looking forward to hearing more from her.  Bravo!
B000059R8Y|2.0|I've always been a Clapton fan, but Reptile left me disappointed and empty. It's kind of blah. There was almost nothing on this entire cd that caught my attention. It sounded like not too much effort went into this recording, which is uncharateristic since Eric is known for pouring his heart into his music. The background vocals reminded me of Elvis Presley's back up singers from the 50's and seemed out of place on most tracks.  I also thought the blues, Clapton's strongest attribute, came across weak and hollow. I did like Superman Inside and Son &amp; Sylvia, though. Tried and true Clapton fans will enjoy Reptile. Even if not so much for the music, at least because it is Slowhand himself. I'd rather hear something from his past.  I would give this one star muscially, but because it's Eric Clapton, I gave it an extra star.  PS: Clapton is still a living legend and one of the top contributors to rock history.
B000056NX4|5.0|This movie really hits everything right on target.  Firstly, the actors are fantastic.  Glenn Carter does such a super job as Jesus that I was completely and totally astonished and chilled. I saw him on Broadway as Jesus, and thought he was absolutely terrible live, but since the vocals are pre-recorded, I finally got to appreciate Glenn's beautiful studio voice.  The emotion and expressions he uses, he just FEELS the character and the moment.  Jerome Pradon is pretty good as Judas, although many of his songs were tuned down a whole step and he still screeched.  Plus he lacked the raw energy and attitude Tony Vincent put into the role on Broadway.  But it's a hard character to play, and his acting and singing (for the most part) was very impressive.  Renee Castle as Mary Magdalene was pretty good too.  Maya Days on Broadway has a stronger voice, but Renee Castle did a very decent job.  Fred Johanson as Pilate was really scary and intimidating which is pretty much how a Pilate should be.  (his teeth really scare me though)  Finally, Tony Vincent as Simon Zealotes.  What more can you say about the guy.  He's got it all.  Acting, looks, singing, he's everything rolled into one.  He stole scenes that he didn't even sing in; he's that good.  So of course the Simon Zealotes sequence was(in my opinion) the best part of the whole movie.  In addition to the fantastic acting, the sets and lighting were cool although naturally some of the live atmosphere was lost.  The Herod number was very creatively thought of (Herod's a Las Vegas showman) but the choreography could have been better and Rik Mayall sings like a dead fish.  This production is exactly the same as it was on Broadway.  So, if you liked Broadway 2000, I highly recommend seeing this.  Everyone should see this.  It's really depressing at the end, but with all great art, the cry feels deserved.
B000002LPD|4.0|If you're into Van Hagar, this is a must have.  Though IMO it doesn't come close to Van Halen 1 through Fair Warning(Sammy is no Dave), it does rock pretty hard.  Ted Templeton co-produced it, and you can tell by the bottom-heavy sound.  Check it out!
B00000ILBK|2.0|If your a true trekie you will still like this film im sure, but  this movie doesnt live up to the movie before this one First Contact, but in general it is a good movie, it has its ups and downs, i was hoping to see more of the enterprise E in action but im sure in time we will all get to see more of it, i hope. If you consider yourself a true star trek fan then do your self a favor and buy it now!!!
0679721037|4.0|John Hersey's classic account of six bomb survivors begins with what they were doing when the bomb went off, and continues through the minutes, days, weeks, and months after the first A-bomb use.  He writes well, journalistically.  This is vivid but not overly disgusting.  He understands the Japanese people and this compassion gives his biographies weight.  A fast, but disturbing read.  Middle School and up.
B00004U8JV|4.0|This movie is a great movie if you are into thrillers, it made the first Jurassic Park seem like a happy movie.  The majority of this movie has a dark, scary theme to it, making it a lot more thrilling.  Even though I don't feel the actors are as good in this one, Goldblum did a decent job in acting his role out.  Also the dinosaurs are more believable and realistic in this movie than in the first.  Thats how it earned my four stars.
0452282152|4.0|An easy-to-read historical fiction account of 1664-6 Netherlands, this is suitable for 6th grade and up, even though it is intended as adult fiction.  It's much, much better than Karen Cushman's irritating gurl-power novels.  Chevalier strikes a believable balance in creating a strong female protagonist, but one who in many ways is under the power of others.  This quick read imagines the life of the teenage figure in Vermeer's painting of the same title.  Daughter of a tile artisan, she goes to work as a maid for the famous painter, enduring the politics of the household and of the courting butcher's son.  Some of the prose annoyed me in its self-consciousness, but this also helped create the character and period.
B000002IMG|5.0|Wow!  It is so sad that Testament did not get the recognition they did.  This album quickly became one of my favorites.  The intesity does not let up through out the whole album.  It has it all great singing, catchy melodies and monster riffs.  Standout tracks include Into The Pit, Disciples Of The Watch , Eerie Inhabitants...Must Have For True Metal Fans
6300215512|5.0|Joe Gillis (William Holden) is a struggling Hollywood screenwriter who accidentally drives into the grounds of a big old house on Sunset Boulevard while trying to get away from two men intent on repossessing his car as he is behind with the payments. The owner of the house is old time movie actress Norma Desmond (Gloria Swanson) now forgotten by the public but who used to be big. (&quot;I am big. It's the pictures that got small&quot;. - Swanson). Gillis tells her he is a Hollywood scriptwriter so she offers him a job to help her complete a script which she hopes will enable her to make a glorious &quot;comeback&quot; to the silver screen. The script is in fact so bad it would be unfilmable and although at first reluctant Gillis decides he will take advantage of the situation he has found himself in by agreeing to help with Norma's script. He realises that this will be a unique opportunity for him to hide from his creditors in this big house and live there rent free and get paid while making a pretense of working on the script. Also in the house is Norma's manservant and chauffeur Max (Erich von Stroheim) who helps to protect Norma from the realities of modern life and feeds her ego that she is still a great star. (&quot;Madam is the greatest star of them all&quot;. - Stroheim). Gillis eventually starts to feel trapped and virtually becomes a prisoner in the house when he realises that Norma is becoming more and more infatuated with him (although he is years younger than her) and she becomes more possessive as the weeks go by. Gillis decides the time has now come to leave the house and return to his previous life but that is easier said than done when Norma Desmond has such a hold over him.<br />Some favourite lines from the film:<br />William Holden: &quot;The poor dope. He always wanted a pool. Well in the end he got himself a pool - only the price turned out to be a little high&quot;.<br />Holden: &quot;Audiences don't know somebody sits down and writes a picture. They think the actors make it up as they go along&quot;.<br />Holden (to Swanson): &quot;Next time I'll bring my autograph album along - or maybe a hunk of cement, and ask for your footprint&quot;.<br />Swanson (to Holden): &quot;Still wonderful isn't it? And no dialogue - we didn't need dialogue. We had faces&quot;.<br />Swanson: &quot;All right Mr De Mille, I'm ready for my close up&quot;.<br />At the Academy Award ceremonies that year &quot;Sunset Boulevard&quot; was deservedly nominated for the Best Picture Award but lost to &quot;All About Eve&quot;. Billy Wilder was nominated as Best Director but lost to Joseph L. Mankiewicz for &quot;All About Eve&quot;. William Holden was nominated as Best Actor but lost to Jose Ferrer in &quot;Cyrano de Bergerac&quot;. Gloria Swanson was nominated as Best Actress (and surely should have won) but she lost to Judy Holliday in &quot;Born Yesterday&quot;. This must have been a terrible disappointment for Billy Wilder when the film received so many major nominations and yet only managed to come away with Awards for Best Story and Screenplay, Best Score and Best Art Direction/Set Direction.<br />The original choice for the part of Joe Gillis played in the film by William Holden was Montgomery Clift but he turned it down. The role was then offered to George Raft who turned it down also. However, William Holden was brilliant in the part and his excellent performance in this film led to him being offered many more prestigious leading roles. He once again worked with Billy Wilder in &quot;Stalag 17&quot; and &quot;Sabrina&quot;. The role of Norma Desmond was first offered to Mary Pickford, Mae Murray and even Mae West before Swanson came under consideration. Gloria Swanson had not made a film for many years when she accepted the part in &quot;Sunset Boulevard&quot; and she was perfectly cast as Norma Desmond.<br />&quot;Sunset Boulevard&quot; was without question one of Billy Wilder's best films and is now regarded as a &quot;classic&quot;. It often appears on many people's &quot;top ten&quot; lists of the &quot;Best Movies of All Time&quot; and is definitely on mine! If you haven't yet seen this movie you are in for a rare treat - if you have seen it then I recommend you watch it again! &quot;Sunset Boulevard&quot; is a film that improves with each repeated viewing. A great movie.sic&quot;. It often appears on many people's &quot;top ten&quot; lists of the &quot;Best Movies of All Time&quot; and is definitely on mine! If you haven't yet seen this movie you are in for a rare treat - if you have seen it then I recommend you watch it again! &quot;Sunset Boulevard&quot; is a film that improves with each repeated viewing. A great movie.
0553579908|5.0|With the Wheel of Time came a series like none other, with a scope of unimaginble size and amazing characters.  While this series still remains great today, many have lost faith as the latter books have begun to go downhill, dragging the series on and providing no hope of a conclusion any time soon.  But now a series has come that may have taken all of Jordan's wonders and left out all of the nightmares, leaving us with an epic masterpiece that just keeps getting better and better.       With three great voumes already out and three more promised to come, A Song of Ice and Fire has provided what it has promised, and has promised to continue what it has started.       A Clash of Kings was an awesome follow-up to A Game of Thrones, bringing in more plot threads, more magic and more battles to provide an intruiging story line.  The first book only begun to explain how great this series is.       THe third book, which I have just started today, seems like it will continue the pace, and just jacket cover makes me wish taht I could read ten times faster.  I already can't wait for the rest of the series to come out.       Like the Starks said,  Winter is Coming.
0451526384|5.0|Having read all of Jane Austen's books, I've been very impressed with her style. Reading Persuasion, I immediately noticed the difference between shy Anne Elliot and Jane Austen's other characters: Emma, Elinor and Marianne, Elizabeth Bennet, Fannie Price, and Catherine Morland.  Anne is not the most beautiful, the cleverest, or the most-spirited.  She is shy, quiet, thoughtful, somewhat plain, and honest.  She reacts to emergency situations calmly and clearly, proving that she does have a backbone.  I think the fact that she is older and more mature than Austen's other characters shows a maturity in Austen's writing. I highly recommend this book to those who love Jane Austen and can understand being shy and strong.
B000002KLP|5.0|If you are a true Prince fan, for whom every single album release is a must-have, you would likely say this is ABSOLUTELY THE BEST Prince album, ever! Your only complaint would likely be that the running-time of the album is far too short.<br />If you are a casual admirer of Prince, or some avid music collector, you'd probably look to Purple Rain or Sign 'O The Times.<br />I am a true blue Prince fan who owns every single Prince album in CD format, and vinyl format until the death of the vinyl.<br />Dirty Mind was recorded in 1980, and it was way ahead of its time, lyrically and musically. The production work is incomparable. I would not single out any track for mention as it would only do injustice to the other 7 tracks. My CD collection stands at around 600 today, and this is my most prized-possession.
B000002G7G|5.0|The Velvet Underground's third LP represents a natural progression from \\"The Velvet Underground & Nico\\" (the banana album) and \\"White Light, White Heat,\\" following the Velvets' practice of having the individual songs on an album hang together thematically and tell a more complex story if listened to in sequence. Think of it as non-overt \\"rock opera\\" if you will.<br />That said, this monumental album features excellent, understated playing (in contrast to \\"White Light's\\" sonic abandon) and fine songwriting. When listening, crank up the bass -- it sounds better that way.<br />That said, this makes a perfect companion to what I consider VU's best album: \\"1969 Live,\\" which is now available on two CDs. Simply one of the best rock albums ever, even given its spotty recording quality. It's a fine tutorial on the sheer power of rock rhythm guitar and on a band playing as a cohesive, well-rehearsed unit, developing songs to their full potential after playing them countless times on the road.
0792846303|5.0|First of all, in agreement with others, this movie MUST be made available on DVD!  I mean, it's great that it has finally seen the light of day once again on video, but what a great widescreen DVD (plus some nifty extras, right?) this film would make!  More people need to see this moody, suspenseful, effective and snappily paced scarefest from Carpenter.  His music for this film is excellent, the ensemble of actors are a blast to watch, the fog is creepy lookin', and this film features what is probably the most excellent final shot in all of horror history!  I LOVE THIS FILM!  If you like horror, suspense, or just a creepy, well-crafted film, see The Fog.
B00001NFCY|1.0|I'm not just another Creed basher. I actually think this CD is horrible. Just listening to Scott Stapp's voice makes my blood curdle. How can anyone like his annoying voice? The songs are so repetative and boring, it makes me want to start banging my head against a wall for lack of something to do. And don't use the defence line &quot;They're the biggest band in the world!&quot; No, they're not, they are popular but they aren't the world's biggest band. Plus, there are BETTER bands out there! Meaningful lyrics can only get you so far. Alot of bands have meaningful lyrics and Much, Much, better melodies,l and oh, did i mention, Non-annoying voices???
6305075379|5.0|a great film the dialogue is crap but the film is great an outlaw gang of bikers set out to avenge the death of there leader Nightrider who was killed in a freak car accident the gang led by there new leader Toecutter set out to kill those responsible for his death Max and Goose the cops uphold the law they are just as fast and just as deadly as the bikers but when Goose is killed Max and his wife and kid flee to safety but the gang are just around the corner Toecutter and the group end up running over Jessie and the kid so Max freaks out and decides to take matters into his own hands and kills the bikers with a cool V8 Intercepter and in the end there is three bikers Bubba Zanetti Toecutter and Johnny The Boy Bubba shoots Max in the leg and runs over his arm then goes back to finish the job but gets shot of his bike Toecutter then burns rubber in an attempt to escape Max but he catches up and an 18 wheeler truck runs over Toecutter then Max catches up with Johnny The Boy and handcuffs his leg toa car and sets a petrol bomb and the end is predictable
B00003CWTH|2.0|Upon reading the wonderful reviews of many critics, I decided that this was a &quot;must see&quot; movie.  The story line with the branching plots seemed to be an original and inventive way to create a movie.  Those who have read Faulkner's &quot;A Light in August&quot; appreciate the stream of consiousness effect, an almost circular pattern of telling a story, with the work starting with one character, moving to others, and finally back to the beginning character to finish.  Unfortunately, the attempt to produce this effect in a motion picture failed horribly.  <br />The movie starts out going at a good pace, with each character being displayed and examined, giving the movie-goer a good background.  The acting in the movie was also well done, especially with Tom Cruise, which, for him, was notable.  <br />After these two good areas of the film (which is the only reason I did not rate this as a one star video), the movie breaks down into something of a joke.  The plot of the movie was incredibly boring, slow (after the first couple of scenes), and for lack of a better word, stupid.  The final scene of the movie will prove my point, but I won't add any spoilers here, you'll just have to see it for yourself :)  In order to actually draw anything out of this movie in the way of deeper meanings, one would simply have to be dilusional or in need of medication; it was simply that bad.  I have never before experienced a movie this incredibly boring or pointless.  After viewing it, I felt as if my IQ had dropped about 50 points and I would begin drooling because my mouth was hanging open due to the shock that three hours of my life were wasted and could never be returned to me.
B000002OVJ|5.0|Quite simply, this is one of the greatest live rock records ever made (some call it *the* best, and I wouldn't be arguing with them). By 1970 the band had been on the road for three years solid, and rather than burning out they'd reached a peak of brutal precision. John and Keith are at their best, Pete's arm-swinging guitar is lethal, Roger's voice is passionate beyond belief -- hell, not another rock band in the world could touch them live at this point, certainly not the Stones or Zep. It all comes together on an extended version of 'My Generation', with themes from 'Sparks', 'Overture' and 'Naked Eye' interpolated (hardly jammed -- there's nothing loose about the band here). The 'expanded' version of Live At Leeds is the one disc in the current Who reissue program where the added tracks actually do make the original release superfluous. If you really, really love rock music, it's hard to see you being disappointed with your purchase of Live At Leeds.
B000056HE9|5.0|Heart warming, spirit lifting - more films of this type needed desperately!  Will become a &quot;family favorite&quot; and &quot;Christmas Must View Movie&quot; at once! A joy for all ages!
B00004VVNB|4.0|I will be 30 next year, and we all know what that means... it's time to start running!!!<br />If you are considering giving someone a gift for their 30th birthday, nothing is more appropriate than Logan's Run on DVD. I first saw this film when I was 4 years old... WAYYYYYY back in 1976.  Back then I thought 30 was OLD.  Now, it is almost upon me.  Yikes!<br />As Last Day begins to approach, I cannot help but reminisce about this film more and more.  I'm putting off watching it again until my 30th birthday appropriately... that dreaded day of Renewal.<br />I remember fondly the beautiful 70's babes like Farah Fawcett wearing short miniskirts and how the Inner City looked like the inside of a giant shopping mall.  Ahh the good old 70's...<br />Of course, I was just a little nard then, now I beginning to feel like Michael York, feeling jipped out of the last 4 years of my life and I want em back! (hey, didn't Arnold say that?)<br />I guess if given the choice for Renewal at Carousel or to find Sanctuary, I would definitely make a run for it.  Of course, being chased by a Sandman as sadistic as Richard Jordan's Francis 7 is enough to get the adrenalin pumping.  Could you imagine a remake with Tommy Lee Jones as Francis 7?  Oh wait, he's WAYYYY to old.  Good God, they'd probably cast Freddie Prinze Jr.  Now THAT is scary!<br />Soon my Life-Clock will begin to flash and panic will set in... I will be 30.  Life as I know it will be over.  Or will it?
B00003CXMG|2.0|What an over hyped disappointment.I was really looking forward to seeing this,but is not in the same league as Crowe's other movies.Crowe normally has good actors in his films,but in this one,well,all I can say to Patrick Fugit is don't give up your day job.His was probably the worst performance by a leading man in recent memory and ultimately lets the film down,and as for the overrated Kate Hudson,an oscar nod for staring into space half the time,it seemed to me that she was just reciting lines from a script and not acting at all.Thank God for Frances McDormand for giving it a touch of class. Overall,I felt emotionally detached from this movie,which is strange for a Cameron Crowe film,but his self-indulgence here is to blame,and I also couldn't help thinking that&quot;This is Spinal Tap&quot; is the final word in rock movies,so do yourself a favour and watch that instead.
B00003CXMG|5.0|OK, that's a bad attempt at being punny - in fact, in my opinion, this movie is flawless.  Kate Hudson is magical, Billy Crudup is enviable, Patrick Fugit is charmed and Frances McDormand is everything that makes your mother your mother.  Underneath it all is the music, and if you can't remember exactly where you were and how you felt the first time you heard a really great rock song, buy this movie to remind youreslf -- or to substitute for the experience.
0783231202|1.0|There is something cartoonish about Amistad. If social malefactors in real life had evil, cunning and opportunism so obviously stamped on their features, broad layers of the population would have no difficulty, as they do, in sorting out their friends from their enemies. Several processes seem to have been at work in producing this failed artistic result. No one has ever suggested, in the first place, that Spielberg was a profound thinker or an artist of unlimited talent. It is not the director's fault, naturally, but the phenomenal success of his films over the past two decades has undoubtedly been bound up with social and artistic processes of a rather retrograde character. As a result, almost all of Spielberg's films and the conceptions they embody are truly childish, not 'child-like'. But there is another critical element which must be added into the mix when considering the specific failings of Amistad: the truly deleterious impact of `political correctness' on artistic work. Nearly every aspect of the film reveals a desperation, a mania almost, to satisfy the strangle hold political correctness has over much of society. It is in this light that one has to view the film's extremely idealized portrayal of the Africans. The treatment of slavery itself as an historical phenomenon also suffers. Very little  matter-of-fact analysis occurs in Amistad. The director is determined to focus the spectator's attention on the horrors of the situation at every moment for fear of being accused of insensitivity to the suffering of the slaves. Under those conditions, where events and people are depicted as they &quot;should&quot; have been and not as they were, the possibility of an objective historical accounting, as well as the possibility of the artist being honest with himself goes out the window. We are left with a stilted, distorted picture, arranged so as not to offend. The fact is, nothing but intellectual harm has come from the influence of political correctness. Amistad demonstrates this.
0517122707|1.0|The protagonist is weird, he belches a lot, he loses his job. There. Save yourself ten bucks and move on.
B000056K04|5.0|DMB has definitely changed there music style on Everyday. I'm a new fan of DMB and have collected their CD's over the past few years. While Everyday is not as gritty as his previous CD's, it shows the talent of the band and DM.  Artists are allowed to produce different music/albums - it's called freedom. Look at the evolution the Beatles went through.  I love DMB's past CD's and Everyday.
0553579908|5.0|The sheer anticipation of cracking open this book as soon as I got it home is evidence of how big an impression the first book &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; left upon me. Every character is unique, not without flaws or petty habits. Take Dany for example. Here was a girl whose story stated slowly, and after she married the warrior, I thought to myself...Hmmm another version of Nynaeve and Lan, the wide eyed innocent girl meeting the gruff old warrior. But, her husband dies, leaving her practically alone and helpless with three small dragons to care for. But Martin nurtures her character, giving her a soul as she trekks across a hostile continent aiming for the ultimate recapture of her throne. I foresee a possible alliance between her and Robb, or maybe Jon. But that's the beauty of Martin's writing. It leaves open many questions of who will survive the wars, and who will join forces against whom. The writing is crisp and fast paced, never dull, not a page wasted. Arya travels north to find her brother and mother, and loses most of her companions along the way. Theon hopes to return home to seek help to capture Winterfell and finds his sister far more in control than he ever could be. Each side is well represented, and though we tend to side with the Stark family against the Lannisters, both sides have to deal with treachery, prejudice, hatred, and loss in equal terms. In a land where so much evil exists, and where good people are often reduced to committing cruel acts to survive, the series offers the reader so much in the way of entertainment. The pages and chapters will fly by much too fast. Too bad, there aren't more like Martin who can write such interesting and passionate stories. But then again...maybe that is why books such as this are so valued by fantasy readers.
B00000JPYD|5.0|I had the \\"priviledge\\" of actually seeing Robin Trower and the line up from this album twice in the 70's. Both times were experiences I'll never forget.     While I cannot begin to express my opinions of his music here as well as the other reviewers...what I can tell you is this... My friends and I were all not only hypnotized by his music but, also but by Robin Trower's incredible SMILE! He was one of the most centered, peaceful performers I've ever seen and he passed his incredible gifts on to all of us lucky enough to be there to experience it.     He has the most soulful expressions and nuances a performer has ever shown of the MANY I've seen in my day.    While \\"Bridge Of Sighs\\" is, was, and always will be my favorite album of his, he's put out many others worth the time to enjoy.    Robin Trower is \\"The Master\\" of Rock and Roll Guitar Players living today. He took an electic guitar, bass and drums further than any one else before or after on this particular work. While so many people thought he ripped off Jimi Hendrix's style. That is NOT the case. He's admitted that Jimi as well as others like Carlos Santana were big influences. The bottom line here is that he is a master guitarist and this is the work that best showcases his talents.     To put it very simply...Bridge of Sighs is a Master Piece and is part of my top 100 albums of all time list.
0385484518|5.0|The great poet W.H. Auden was right when he said \\"Love Each Other or Perish.\\"  After reading this story you will definitely want to tell those nearest &amp; dearest to you how much you love them.  We could all use more love in our lives.  This story is certainly filled with the deepest love between a mentor and a student.  Mitch Albom has come to visit, help &amp; seek wisdom from his college professor from nearly 20 years ago, who is dying from Lou Gehrig's Disease (ALS).  Mitch spends 14 Tuesdays talking and learning about the\\"lessons of life\\" from Morrie.  As the days grow shorter for Morrie its very heartbreaking to read about his suffering, but also very enlightening that someone could be so strong and courageous in the light of dead.  It gives one hope and strength to face the enviable when our own time comes after reading this.   How true it is when Morrie states, \\"Without Love, We are Birds with Broken Wings.\\"  A very touching, wonderful book.  I'm so glad I read this book.  I will never forget Morrie or Mitch!
B000005IU1|4.0|Analyzing this release is somewhat futile.  The fact that they and their crosstown cohorts The Mc5 even existed is enough in itself...I mean it was 1969 and no-one, other than the Velvet Underground were singing things like &quot;Now I wanna Be your dog.&quot; At any rate Iggy and The boys showed up at Elektra with 5 songs..Elektra sent then away and told them to get more material...two days later they returned with 2 more songs and the 10 minute filler material &quot;We Will Fall&quot;, the latter giving the Stooges a direct link to The Velvet Underground via John Cale.  The results are mixed with &quot;1969&quot; and &quot;I Wanna Be your Dog&quot; being the standouts and &quot;We Will Fall&quot; being overindulgent filler material.  However like I said at first that is not the issue here anyhow, the issue is that this was even committed to vinyl and that this type of stipped down and dirty rock n roll was even being played in 1969. If Altamont marked the end of the 60's then The Stooges along with the Mc5 and Velvet Underground surely marked the end of Rock n Roll as anyone knew it.
0440214041|4.0|I found the novel &quot;The Pelican Brief&quot; quite interesting. It's about two Supreme Court judges who were killed. A law student named &quot;Darby Shaw&quot; studies some material about older lawsuits and suddenly she recognizes a lot of connections and creates a theoretic file which becomes known as the &quot;Pelican Brief&quot;. In this Brief she names the possible murdereres, but like in every thriller the wrong people get this file, too, and the killings go on. That means the beginning of a dangerous run for Darby's life. I think this book is really well-written, with a lot of action, love, crime and nevertheless much fear. I can only recommend this bestseller!!!    @ Marcel Jast.
B0000508U6|4.0|This album is one of the best I've heard in recent year or two.  It stays consistent throughout the album, there is no song on there which I dislike.  Coldplay definitley has a lot of talent and one of the best vocalists in the genre.  I think they are most comparable to Travis.  As far as comparisons to Radiohead.  I don't think Coldplay is one their level musically.  There is simply not enough variation on the album.  Still there are so many good songs including, but not limited to, Spies Yellow Shiver and Trouble.  All in all, if you are a fan of Travis, and enjoy the softer side of British Pop, then I suggest you buy this album.
B00003W8NM|5.0|For those of you that haven't seen Fight Club or even heard about it, get a copy of the DVD and watch it immediately...  then watch it again. Fight Club requires multiple viewings.  Regardless of what type of person you are, you will have a powerful reaction to what you see.  Some movies are made to simply entertain and make money but Fight Club is one of those rare movies that will leave you pondering a few things. In this way, Fight Club is similiar to such classics as A Clockwork Orange and Taxi Driver.  Love it or hate it, you will have an opinion about Fight Club and you'll have to ponder this movie to decide where you stand on the matter. Most men will love Fight Club because, well, all men have a Tyler Durden inside...  of course, some of you guys have buried your poor Tyler so deeply in politically correct rhetoric and Oprah Book Club sentiments that you wouldn't recognize your manhood or any of your natural limbic, hunter-gatherer instincts if you found it floating in a bowl of chowder.  So be a man!  Watch Fight Club and make up your own mind about it.  I'll bet you see some of yourself in the movie.  And you women out there, watch Fight Club to learn something about men and what makes us tick or at least vibrate a little.
6305075379|5.0|a great film the dialogue is crap but the film is great an outlaw gang of bikers set out to avenge the death of there leader Nightrider who was killed in a freak car accident the gang led by there new leader Toecutter set out to kill those responsible for his death Max and Goose the cops uphold the law they are just as fast and just as deadly as the bikers but when Goose is killed Max and his wife and kid flee to safety but the gang are just around the corner Toecutter and the group end up running over Jessie and the kid so Max freaks out and decides to take matters into his own hands and kills the bikers with a cool V8 Intercepter and in the end there is three bikers Bubba Zanetti Toecutter and Johnny The Boy Bubba shoots Max in the leg and runs over his arm then goes back to finish the job but gets shot of his bike Toecutter then burns rubber in an attempt to escape Max but he catches up and an 18 wheeler truck runs over Toecutter then Max catches up with Johnny The Boy and handcuffs his leg toa car and sets a petrol bomb and the end is predictable
0440211727|5.0|John Grisham has taken a lot of criticism, and his literary shortcomings have been chronicled by critics who must have read &quot;A Time to Kill&quot;.  When you read this novel, you'll also be angry that such a bright talent would also write a...book like &quot;The Pelican Brief&quot;.. <br />&quot;A Time to Kill&quot; is polished and well-crafted, but most important , it's written with love. The place and the quirky characters are close to Grisham's heart. The moral dilemma that faces this young lawyer is truly affecting. He gambles his future and risks losing his profession before he even gets started because he cannot turn his client away. It's not a new idea, but a classic one, expressed with agonizing realism.<br />But this book has some funny moments. The characters are odd and engaging, especially the reclusive senior (and silent) partner whose chambers our hero inhabits. Always on the edge of disaster, you'll root for him to the end.<br />I like Grisham in general, and wish I could write as well.. Don't miss this first, and best!
6304458223|4.0|a really touching and powerful film, and it brought me to tears several time, and i couldn't help but admire the spunk of the girl, and also of her father, and from his desire to connect with her, against the odds, against the laws...<br />things i didn't like:  i hated that they sexualized the 13 year old girl.  not to say she wasn't sexual just by nature of her age, but they purposefully made her into more of a sex object than they had to, especially with the shower scene - entirely unnecessary, gratuitous and teasing.  i also hate that they made her have a subtle mini-pseudo-romance with her father's 20-something male friend.  i think this sends the wrong message to kids, and they know kids are hungry for this kind of info and fantasy, and as such that it sells movies - shame on the movie-makers.  put it this way, if that character was a 13 year old boy, they would never dare or even consider doing the things they did with the girl character.  also, i didn't like how they &quot;subtly&quot; played up the sexual tension between the father and the daughter, such as having him run around in his jockey underwear - entirely unnecessary.<br />last gripe:  much of the acting, especially in the first third of the film,...  so fake!  the father's girlfriend was poor, and girl often came across as utterly unreal, and much of the dialogue was badly written.  the father, jeff daniels, however, carried the show, and was strong from beginning to end.
6304936362|1.0|The original film at it's theatrical release was excellent.However,the region 2 DVD I have just watched of this film was nowhere near the same standard. It has not been released in the original widescreen format I watched at the picture house, therefore much of the arial combat scenes has been lost left and right of the picture. Pity about all that effort David Putnum put in really.....Could've saved some money and employed an amatuer photographer to do it.  There was also one piece of footage missing that I remembered, so how much in total is actually missing? Possibly the missing footage is a region 2 problem though.  Like the Battle of Britain film before it, I wouldn't advise anybody to buy it until someone sensible,(Criterion?) releases it properly. Both these excellent and reasonably representative films are currently unavailable for enthusiasts of the genre.  There are a lot of people out there, both in the USA and Europe who would buy these films if the complete footage was restored and the aspect ratio corrected. In summary &quot;Nice legs....Shame about the 'boat race'&quot; as we say in London.
0380788624|5.0|Cryptonomicon appeals to the romantic and geek inside many of us, offering espionage, treasure hunting, heroism, technology, historical bits, and, for good measure, some d&amp;d references. The multi-threaded storyline (I would count four protagonists) merges nicely - I didn't find the book to be overwhelmingly complicated, despite its heft. Along the way you take many side trips to interesting places, and learn some pretty cool things, too.<br />This book is also very funny, especially in describing the absurd activities (and the casual acceptance of them by the American hero, a perfect marine) undertaken as part of a complicated war-time mind game to mask knowledge of broken codes.<br />The characters are convincing are brought to life with subtle nuances in dialogue and &quot;body language&quot;.<br />I agree with another reviewer in that the ending seems to sag a little, with the main character somewhat implausibly losing interest and several loose ends left untied...but I leave it with 5 stars because the rest of the novel is simply so engaging.<br />In summary, an extremely fun book combining a fascinating period in world history with some very interesting modern issues and trends. Well worth the long read...
0385493622|5.0|Simon Singh has written a masterpiece of popular science, telling the story of Fermat's last theorem's solution.<br />The book is written in a clear language, without any mathematical complexities (high-school math would suffice to understand it, and nearly all of the math is in the appendice, which can be skipped), and with excellent plot weaving.<br />Mr. Singh makes some detours to present some material not directly related to the title. I think those detours put the plot in context - the attempts to find a proof were not made in a vacuum, were not done in a linear fashion, nor were they made by robots. The attempts were made by real people, who went in various directions, based on the math and context of the time, which makes the story so fascinating.<br />I've read the book in three days, enjoyed it a lot, found it to expand my knowledge on the way, and that's all I expect from a popular science book.<br />I recommend this book warmly to anyone who is interested in science and likes popular science books.
B000001DTM|5.0|This excellent album launched U2 into the nineties.  After becoming the #1 band in the world with the Joshua Tree album and tour, U2 took a step in a totally different direction with this album.  Luckily, the new material they produced was awesome.<br />Rattle and Hum showed some signs that the band was beginning to find a new direction, but no one anticipated the sound of Achtung Baby.  Simply put, there is not a weak song on the album.  It contains well known hits such as &quot;One&quot;, &quot;Mysterious Ways&quot;, and &quot;Whose gonna ride your wild horses&quot;, and also some lesser known gems such as &quot;Love is Blind&quot;, &quot;Acrobat&quot; and &quot;Arms around the World&quot;.  The wide variety of material offered by the band on this album is wonderful.  It really showcases the breadth of talent that they possess.<br />I highly recommend this album to any U2 fan who doesn't already own it, or to anyone looking for one of the best albums of the nineties.  Just put the disk in, hit play, and enjoy.  You will be swept up in the momentum and atmosphere that this album possesses.  The only sad note is that this album marks the end of an era for the band.  Afterwards, Bono and the boys seem to have lost their sound, until recently.  But that is another tale, for another day.  Enjoy.
6301793196|5.0|As a long time Tenor fan, from the days of Enrico, this is a MAster work. It does not get any better. Luciano Pavarotti showed himself as the Master of all, with some great perfomances by each, Placido Domingo performs a master work with his rendition of No Puede Ser. The encore of the the three is awesome! The double of O sole mio at the end is a fantastic blend of audible and interactive talent. If there is one you must buy, this is it. Will
020530902X|1.0|This is a very poor book on grammar.  While it is probably written correctly, it is simply not accessible to the general public.  I threw out my copy of Strunk and White many years ago.  It was hard to follow, complicated, and written in a &quot;style&quot; that was very Cornell Academic!  Sure, we can look at it as a relic in the history of English writing, but just don't try to use it as a desk reference book!<br />(By the way, I replaced my copy with the St. Martin's Handbook)
B000003CMB|5.0|Somehow, most people seem to think of the Allman Brothers Band as some sort of country or generic &quot;southern rock&quot; band.  This totally misses the essense of this band.  Yes they were guys mostly born in the south, but their style is no more &quot;country&quot; than Miles Davis or Lenny Kravitz!<br />This is one of the best jazz/rock/blues fusion album ever recorded in a live setting.  These improvisations are so tight and impressive it is considered by many one of the best live recordings ever made by any band, period.<br />Other Allman albums are uneven: some very good, some okay, some pretty weak.  This is their greatest work and is what shot them into immortality and the Rock'n'Roll Hall of Fame.  Everyone who loves great music should own this.
B00004Z459|5.0|WOW!!!!! When I bought this I surely wasn't expecting to hear  what I paid for. But this awesome disc proved me wrong!!! There are alot of other good songs on here rather than One Step Closer, there are others like &quot;Crawling,&quot; &quot;In the End,&quot; and &quot;Forgotten,&quot; still One Step Closer is a good song it just gets tiring after  awhile. Overall for a new band this is a great CD and I highly  encourage you to get it. A great CD for some of the kids who are not aloud to get the Explicit Lyrics CD's.
0380002930|1.0|I wouldnt suggest getting this book unless you like rabbits that talk it is the most boring book i ever read
B000002LFU|5.0|This CD has received a lot of labels from various critics and fans alike.  Sellout, suberb and pop are just a few of them, and true to that, the first song is titled &quot;Pop Song 89&quot;.  Where REM really shines on this CD is with songs like &quot;You Are The Everything&quot;, which is hauntingly beautiful and makes the most of Michael Stipe's celebrated, unique voice. But the song that really, really needs to be recognised is, ironically enough, the hidden track; Untitled, Eleventh Song. This song is amazing. The first time I heard it I was astounded.  It's got Everybody Hurts-style overlapping of the chorus and the verse, with a simple drum. If there is only one song to be heard on Green, this is it. And if there is only one REM album, Green is it.
B000002KHH|5.0|Black Sabbath was one of the most important and influential bands ever created.  Paranoid read like the bible of heavy metal.  Just ask any metal head what the first song they ever learned to play was, inevitably you'll come back with Iron Man.  The tracks here are nothing short of amazing.  War Pigs demonstrates the immense vocal range of Ozzy and boast some poignant lyrics about war and war mongers. Paranoid as a song is a triumph, as Iommi showcases riffing at it's most primal.  I can't believe that this was a last minute addition to this album, the song is that damn good.  Planet Caravan is just plain eerie, it sounds like the band is in the middle of the desert, after taking peyote while standing over a dead body and reflecting about the universe.  The song still gives me goosebumps every time I hear it.  Iron Man is the quintessential guitar rock song, and it is my least favorite track of the whole album, a victim of overplay.  The next two tracks are the core of the album, Electric Funeral has the most sinister evil riff I have ever heard, it is so damn cool.  The middle of the song gets faster and then progresses back down to the main riff to end the song.  Hand of Doom may be my overall favorite Black Sabbath song.  It's subject matter is heroin abuse.  The song starts of real slow with a wicked beat from Bill Ward using some cool rim shots, and then progresses into a riff laden tirade about drug abuse.  Geezer's bass line for Hand of Doom is what inspired me to pick up the bass, it's not too hard just magical.  Rat Salad is a balls out instrumental with Bill Ward going off on his fills with Iommi and Butler providing fierce competition for the listeners attention.  Fairies wear boots is another classic Sabbath tune with typical power guitar riffs, thundering drums, and crazy bass licks.  The coolest line ever is in Fairies though and it closes the album &quot;....cause smokin' and trippin' is all that you do YEAHHHHHHH.&quot;  I hold Paranoid in really high esteem but I still think that Sabotage is a better album.  Anyway, you need to own this if you are the least bit into metal of any kind.h esteem but I still think that Sabotage is a better album.  Anyway, you need to own this if you are the least bit into metal of any kind.
6305909326|3.0|This movie is curious at best. Ultimately it pretends to be a little more intricate and tricky than it is. The &quot;plot twist&quot; at the end of the film is really not that wild. Johnny Depp gives a good performance but the movie never bothers to explain a lot of different things. The movie postures as if it is an entirely plot based film but, in my opinion, fails to deliver anything new in that arena. There was really nothing new about this film at all. That being said, it was spooky and pretty entertaining. At times, however, it definitely lags.
B0000033P0|5.0|The Tarkus suite remains one of the most indispensible tracks in progressive rock history.  All three musicians are at the top of their game.  Palmer never ceases to amaze with his fabulous and inventive rhythms,while Lake is the glue that holds it all together.  But, Tarkus above all else is a Keith Emerson record.  Tarkus remains Keith Emerson's shining moment as he dominates the suite from the opening notes of Eruption to the end of Aquatarkus.  I have never heard such complete mastery of an instrument as Emerson's domination of his keyboards in Tarkus.  However, all members shine inevitably at multiple points during the suite.  Lake's vocals are stellar as is his bass and guitar work.  Palmer simply had mastered all facets of percussion before ELP even started recording Tarkus.  ELP could have just released Tarkus as an ep but they chose to include a number of shorter tracks toward the end or second side of the recording.  Jeremy Bender remains one of ELP's stronger tracks to date and probably the most radio friendly.  Bitches Crystal is an overlooked gem in the ELP catalogue.  Overall, you can't go wrong by purchasing this album.  Masterful musicianship, excellent lyrics and concept, you need to own this.  P.S.  What ever happened to the double cd &quot;ELP: The Atlantic Years?&quot;  luckily I got a copy back in the early '90's, it remains the most complete look at ELP for both the casual and hardcore ELP fan alike.
B000059R8Y|2.0|I didn't give this one star because it's certailnly not his worst  record, just his most forgettable.  Reptile and Pilgrim would be destined for what used to be called &quot;the cut-out bin&quot;.   I understand that he's done it all and can afford to &quot;explore&quot;, but lets get real.  This music makes me think that &quot;Behind The Sun&quot; and &quot;August&quot; are really great records. Bring the Marshall back and turn it up.
0792156684|4.0|I went to see James Cameron's &quot;Titanic&quot; just because I thought it would be an interesting movie.  Leonardo DiCaprio was in it and I wanted to see him.  But I came out of that movie theater not caring if Leo was in it or the special effects or how long it was...my heart was breaking at how those poor people suffered.  1,517 men, women and children died frozen to death.  I know James Cameron turned this movie into a sappy love story...but he still got the message across.  Because of his movie I have done tons of research on the Titanic.  I have read the official Senate transcripts, read newspapers, seen documentaries, and been to the Titanic museum in Florida...I feel for all those people who perished unnecessarily.  I pray that their souls rest in peace.  So many things went wrong on that fateful trip that it seems inevitable that such a disaster wouldn't occur.  But as for the movie...it was great.  Mr. Cameron did a wonderful job in getting me to see and feel for this tragedy.  If it weren't for him and his movie I wouldn't have known or even cared about what happened on April 14, 1912.  In school they don't show you what happened they just tell you the ship went down and give you dates and figures.  Kudos to James Cameron for his wonderful movie!
B0000004V2|5.0|Absolute, unparalleled brilliance from the slow build-up of &quot;I Wanna Be Adored&quot; to the funky climax of &quot;Fool's Gold&quot;, this album is just so dang important - and not just because without it, there would never have been an Oasis.  The opening bars of &quot;She Bangs The Drums&quot; are still as inspired as the first time I heard them, years and years on.  Recommended to all, as this does not fit neatly into any one musical category - if music could change the world, this would definitely be the catalyst.
B00000I924|4.0|Jeff Beck has gone techno?! (Gasp!) Yes! And he does is it in fine fashion. Who Else isn't as good as You Had It Coming (which is probably Jeff's best album), but it's still great. Here's my thoughts on the tracks:<br />What Mamma Said: A great song to kick off the album. The middle section gets a little stale, but then it kicks up again. Co-written by Jennifer Batten.<br />Psyco Sam: Arabic techno to the extreme! Make sure your volume isn't up too loud on this song, as it may surprise you. The title fits this song well. <br />Brush with the Blues: Probably the best song on Who Else. Jeff builds up the blues, then shreds it apart in a mean, terrific blues solo. Again, Jeff never fails to bring out great blues.<br />Blast from the East: Jeff gets a great tone on this song, and it has a cool melody.<br />Space for the Papa: The longest track on the album. It gets a little boring after a while, then kicks up a bit, then gets boring again. The solo is pretty good, though. <br />Angel (Footsteps): Perhaps the most complex and difficult song on the album. Melodic slide work, great tone, great melody...it's all here.<br />THX 138: The guitar loops get a little old in this song, but the soloing over them is pretty cool. A sci-fi type song. <br />Hip Notica: Jeff proves with this song (along with Rosebud on You Had It Coming) that he still has funk left in him. I dare ya not to tap your foot. Go on, try. Can't do it, eh? <br />Even Odds: A top-notch song. An with no surprise, it's a collaboration with Jan Hammer. While there's none of Hammer's signature synth-work in this song, Jeff's part is heavily distorted and pretty cool.<br />Declan: The most beautiful song on the album. Sit down, put this song on, and close your eyes. Memories of green hills and mountains flow by.<br />Another Place: A short, yet cool little solo piece by Jeff. It's just him and his guitar.
0792845684|5.0|this movie, dated. this is the ultimate in action movie. maybe this movie doesn't have the hundred million dollar budget, but what it does have is an excellent cast, and excellent premise. the visuals and especially the score not to the mention the errieness of this movie is the reason why you all should watch this movie. this movie is highly, highly recommended
B000059R8Y|2.0|...this album is a dud. I agree with the other reviewers that said Clapton should give Jeff Beck's new release &quot;You Had It Coming&quot; a few listens. Clapton has sure mellowed out the past few years, hasn't he? While Reptile isn't quite as much of a dissapointment as Pilgrim, it's close. <br />The opening and title track, Reptile, seems as if Clapton has spent too much time in elevators. Some java, Mr. Clapton? Superman Inside is a decent cut, that's really what got the album 2 stars instead of one. <br />One question for Eric: what in pete's name happened to your guitar? All of Clapton's long-time fans (including me) are missing his guitar on this album. Mr. Clapton, you set yourself up with top-notch musicians on this album, why can't you make your guitar playing top-notch too? Eric's guitar playing is what made him famous. Not his singing. <br />However, Reptile has opened up a new market for Clapton---people who spend all day riding up and down elevators. I wouldn't be surprised if this played in an elevator. He could make some money doing that with this record.
B000024QML|5.0|my favourite Pet Shop Boys CD, really great songs on here.
158234082X|5.0|After many years slaving away in Middle Management in Corporate America, I've entered Culinary school, with the ultimate goal of becoming a chef.  My father-in-law does not think that this is a wise course of action, so he sent me 'Kitchen Confidential' in an effort to deter me.  Bourdain's accounts of the freaks and criminals with whom he works is magnificent.  The people he describes have more character, soul, and honesty than any of the shiftless clowns in Corporate America.<br />My father-in-law's plans have failed.  I am SO looking forward to my career change!
B000002VCB|2.0|I won't go on too much about the individual songs. 'Lucifer' is a risky, Middle-Eastern-tinted instrumental that works for me, but not for others. 'Damned if I Do' is a typically well-constructed APP song. 'You Lie Down with Dogs' is an unusually hard rocker, but it works, too. With one exception mentioned later, the rest run the gamut from good to throw-away.  However, the concept was what hooked me. I've never thought of this as a 'women-bashing' album. I have always seen it as critical of women, or perhaps just of one woman by one man. But the final song, the beautiful ballad 'If I Could Change Your Mind' not only is one of APP's best, but also redeems the album's concept. Maybe she (they) wronged him (them), maybe not, but the fact that she's asking for a second chance has always hooked me. I may get accused of being a woman-hater, which is patently not true, but the overall concept of 7 woman-critical songs sung by men and the final one by a woman singing &quot;come pretend it's not been easy since you went away - oh, if only I could change your mind...&quot; works.
B000003N7K|5.0|If I ever hear this CD playing in my daughter's room when she's entertaining a fella, she's grounded. But for all you guys out there who want the perfect &quot;in the mood&quot; music, this is for you!!
0783217048|5.0|aw[...] aw[...] this movie is soooooooooo cute. its veryyyyy humerous and i simply adored it. very entertaining.
B0000524E5|5.0|First of all to those who say the only people that would like this film are the younger generation, I have news for you. I am not of that generation. I am in my mid 20s and just absolutely loved this movie. Jerry Bruckheimer did it again. The music was great, especially what was done by LeAnn Rhimes (by the way nice surprise to bring her in during the movie). I wasn't sure about this movie at first, which is one reason why I didn't see it in the movies but now that I have seen it (and seen it 3 times already) I actuallly wish I had. I plan on buying it when I get my next paycheck plus I believe the soundtrack may need to be bought as well. All I can say is this movie was worth my time and energy to watch and I will continue to watch it over and over.
B000001EC1|3.0|If you are a fan of Bon Jovi or even just like a few of their hits, this album is for you. Some of the songs are somewhat corny, but generally speaking this is a great album. I can't wait to see them in concert in May!
B00004YYZC|5.0|Allright, so Bill Ward doesn't look very cool on this one but no matter - that's only an issue of appearance.  The music speaks for itself and what it says is that this is certainly one of the best Black Sabbath albums.  It has a greater sophistication than some of the earlier releases, with the use of choirs and keyboards,  but it's just as heavy as ever and contains some of their greatest gems.  The whole progression of Hole in the Sky, Don't Start(too late) and Symptom of the Universe makes a fantastic start to the album.  There are times when the band gets progressive, and the meaning in the songs goes far beyond any of the commonly accepted notions of heavy metal.  In other words, it's a great Black Sabbath album (although my vote for the best would go to Volume 4).  Sabatoge is perhaps more challanging than other Sabbath recordings because of it's progressive, or experimental side.  Overall, I can't avoid using that same old word that comes to mind with Sabbath albums over and over again:  Classic.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Hopefully Britney Spears and all of the other bubblegum pop acts will disappear in the next few years (how about in the next few days) but that isn't likely to happen (of course my predictions are always wrong).  I don't expect an 11-year-old to listen to music with any meaning, so they're off the hook.  As for the rest of you, there is no hope if you're spending your days listening to this talentless Madonna wannabe (and it's not like Madonna is a great singer either, but at least and co-writes and co-produces her own material).  Oh and I can hardly wait for her acting career.  But then again, her music career is already an act.
B00003XAQ5|5.0|For those of you who have a mid to high range stereo system this is worth the effort and price.  Of course you need an HDCD player (it will not play on CD only players) but the sonic quality is fantastic.  What amazed me was the little sounds that you miss on the regular CD that come to life and the and softness of the music, no more digital compression, or digital tin&quot; sound(s).
0140277447|2.0|This is a journalistic account, which is superficial and very biased.  Chang seems to feel that getting the &quot;historical scoop&quot; by writing on this neglected subject is more important than providing in-depth analysis.  Organization and style are poor.  This is essentially a collection of second-hand anecdotes, strung together in loose order.  This book was somewhat interesting to read, but it does not fully engage the reader's interest.  Very little order of battle on Japanese units involved, which makes it difficult to determine who actually committed these atrocities. Two maps.  Note that many other reviewers appear gripped with this book on an emotional level, as any tragedy brought to life can be, but it is not history.
0792156684|5.0|The Titanic is a symbol of fascination for millions of people, its tragic story weaving a web of enchantment in our minds. Many films have tried to capture the events of the great ship's demise, but none of them can compare to James Cameron's &quot;Titanic,&quot; an epic of grand proportions. The sweeping grandeur and large scale used for the film bring the Titanic to breathtaking life, and Cameron's attention to meticulous detail makes this recreation superior to all others. His insertion of a fictional love story does not bog the movie down, but gives it an emotional terminal with which the audience can connect. <br />The opening sequences begin the story of one man's dive down to the great hulking wreck of the Titanic, sitting in total darkness, its metal giving way to strands of rust and decay. Some of the footage used for this section is reality-based, which gives the film a more authentic as well as emotional feel to it. Here we are, watching the Titanic as it is today on the big screen, something the people who lived during the time of its sinking never even dreamed of. This is one of the many contributions to the scale factor of the movie, and seeing it in its decrepit yet intact form on the ocean floor is guaranteed to provide a chill or two. <br />This man combing the wreck is Brock Lovett, who is hunting down a diamond rumored to have gone down with the ship in 1912. His expedition brings back a small safe from one of the many staterooms aboard the ship, but when they pry it open, the only thing they find it piles of decayed money and a single portfolio with a drawing in it. The drawing is of a woman, naked on a divan, wearing that same diamond he is hunting. Now as luck would have it, his interview with a news crew provides a glimpse of that rare work of art, drawing the attention of Rose Calvert, who immediately calls Lovett and heads out to the ship's location. <br />This is the point at which the tragedy of the ship's maiden voyage begins, as Rose begins to recount her experiences from the time of departure to being picked up by the Carpathia in the morning hours of April 15th. She boards the ship with an overly selfish mother and a dashing yet arrogant husband, both of whom wish she would conduct herself in a more civilized manner. From the introduction of this relationship, we immediately get the feeling that Rose feels weighed down by her situation, wanting nothing more than to break free and be the person she wants to be, without all the wealth and fancy accommodations of high class society. <br />She finds an outlet, of course, in Jack Dawson, with whom she develops a friendship as the ship makes its first voyage across the ocean. Their chance meeting takes place at the stern of the ship, where she is about to throw herself into the sea, only to be talked out of it by Dawson. From that point on, they spend much time together, giving Cameron a chance to build their bonds while surrounding them with all the glorious detail and spectacle that is the mighty ship. Decks, rooms, dining areas and saloons are all faithfully recreated here with a style and flair that clearly looks back to the Gilded Age, where nothing was considered too fancy or over-the-top if it looked expensive enough. Cameron's attention to detail keeps us from haggling over historical accuracy and allows us to follow the human story he embodies in Jack and Rose. <br />Rose continues to see Jack, but feels threatened when Cal voices his commanding opposition to her escapades onboard. Her mother also gives her a stern lecture, ripping into her with past events that have left them in a situation they cannot break free of. At least her mother can't, but Rose does not care; he knows what she feels for Jack, and in the last hours before the ship's collision with an iceberg, they do everything together. Jack draws Rose's portrait, the same one from the beginning of the movie, they make love in the backseat of a car in the storage deck, and cause all sorts of little mayhems all aboard ship. This sets up the second half of the movie in such a way that we wish it would never happen. We have come to love and care for these characters as much as they do for each other, so that when things begin to get harried, all we want is to see them survive. <br />This aspect of the movie is worked quite nicely; the love relationship between Jack and Rose needs no more time to be further developed because we already believe in their love for one another, and it is this relationship that connects us with the real story behind the Titanic's sinking, and that is the human drama. People actually died on this ship; it sometimes is a forgotten piece of information, but Cameron, along with his cast of thousands, is able to evoke emotion and feeling for these people as the final moments come to a close. <br />As the ship sinks, the movie settles into certain questions: What would you do in those situations? Who's going to survive? Will Cal try to win Rose over again, or will his arrogance and pride get the better of him? And how will it all end? The answers unfold, pretty much one right after another, allowing us to pay more attention to the technical details of the sinking as well as those involved in key scenes. Cameron places his fictional characters into places that lead to historical shots, from the lowering of certain lifeboats to the actions of the passengers. We are also witness to the somewhat hostile treatment of the third class below decks, who are not allowed up onto the top deck to evacuate the ship until first class has finish loading, adding to the emotional buildup while keeping the story moving and authentic. <br />This movie gives us unique perspectives of the grand ship, before, during and after its intense demise. The use of computerized effects in addition to scale models and life-size sets all contribute to making the audience wonder what is computer and what is reality. But what's even better is that the effects are so good that we barely spend any time pondering that question, and watching them will leave you awestruck and breathless. Everything is perfectly placed, seamless and true to life, and vividly recreates every nuance of the Titanic's life with austerity and grandeur. I felt that the special effects, while being plentiful, did not weigh the story down; they tell the story. <br />The cast for this movie is superb, with our star-crossed lovers Jack and Rose being played by Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio. This is probably the only movie I'll ever be able to sit through that has him in its cast, but he does quite well, and he and Winslet have an intense chemistry that is believable and never questioned. Yes, it's possible Cameron cast him for the sake of bringing in a larger audience, but he is able to play the part, so there's no reason to complain. Winslet is the most complex character, experiencing emotions from both sides, and her decisions and thought processes are conveyed beautifully by the actress. Billy Zane is the pompous Cal Hockley, and Zane practically resurrects the social attitudes and circles of aristocracy through his performance, embodying manipulation and evil while also possessing a minute amount of fear when things call for desperate measures. Rounding out the cast are veteran actress Gloria Stuart, playing Old Rose with wit and emotion, Bill Paxton in the role of Lovett, Bernard Hill, Francis Fisher, Jonathan Hyde and Victor Garber, among others, and all of whom bring added life and angles to the storytelling. <br />&quot;Titanic&quot; is universal in that it offers something for everyone: visuals for the FX aficionados, a romantic love story for those with soft spots, and a historical accuracy unparalleled by any other film. This film brings Titanic back to life, puts you on those decks with our characters, and then pulls them out from under you as its story's intensity heightens. The success of this film is as colossal as its subject matter,which makes it one of the best motion pictures of 1997 as well as of all time.
0780020685|5.0|One criterion by which I judge films is how many times I look at my watch.  During the three hours plus that this film runs, I didn't look at my watch even once.  The characterizations and the and the pacing are among the finest I've ever seen.  SEVEN SAMURAI is not about a quaint period in Japanese history; it is about the complexity of human nature.  It's on my &quot;Ten Best Films of All Time&quot; list.
B000001FSR|5.0|How do mere mortals like us even approach creating words and sentences to describe the genius behind this album? They don't suffice. Before I heard this one, the only other Tom Waits I'd heard was Rain Dogs, which I liked immensely. But this...the songs, the choice of instruments, the performances, the production...immortal.
B000059MEK|5.0|The release of &quot;Discovery&quot; by Daft Punk marks the return of a truly innovative presence in the dance music scene. This release is quite simply the best dance music release of the millennium. While it is not conventional &quot;dance music&quot; as defined by DJ-mixed CD's and getting the &quot;crowd pumping&quot;, its pervasive groove is impossible to ignore. From the opening track and current single, &quot;One More Time&quot;, to the finishing 10-minute-plus track &quot;Too Long&quot;, the album pulses with pure energy. I dare you to try and sit still to tracks such as &quot;Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger&quot; and &quot;Crescendolls&quot;. The tracks weave together pumping dance beats with odd samples, such as children chanting and synthesized voices. The album segues nicely from these harder tracks into tripped-out funk on &quot;Something About Us&quot;, and funky-dream-trance on &quot;Voyager&quot; and &quot;Veridis Quo&quot;. This is absolutely a must-buy album for fans of many genres, including funk, dance, pop, and jazz. The only album that can hold a candle to this masterpiece is Basement Jaxx' &quot;Remedy&quot;, but this effort from Daft Punk blows it out quickly.
0812589041|5.0|I'm a sophomore in high school, I had to read this book for my English class last quarer. I wasn't really looking forward to it because I have never enjoyed reading a science fiction book, but after I read the first chapter, my hands were practically glued to the book! I was so caught up in it that I finished the book in no time at all! I would just like to say that this book is a must for anyone who loves reading, and you will not regret purchasing this book! I can't wait to read Ender's Shadow!
B00004XOWM|1.0|Ill keep it short....Worst album of 2000 SORRY
158234082X|4.0|As one who loves to cook and always thought it would be cool to be a chef, I ate this book up.  And if half of what Anthony Bourdain says is true, then I'd never make it as a chef!  But that's OK -- the book is well worth the wild ride.  His stories are priceless and his descriptions of the conditions and characters in the kitchen are colorful and captivating.<br />A few things were confusing.  He seemed to acquire a wife halfway through the book with little explanation of who she was and how they came to be a couple.  Also, how can a guy who smokes 3 packs of cigarettes a day even tell the difference between pressed and sliced garlic?  How can he taste anything?  And are his superhuman shifts in fact broken up nicely by dozens of cigarette breaks a day?<br />Despite these inconsistencies, the book is enormously entertaining and enlightening as to what goes on behind the scenes in the finest of restaurants.  I also enjoyed and have taken to heart some of Chef Bourdain's recommendations for equipping my own kitchen like a professional.  <br />Yes, Tony Bourdain's writing is raw, even raunchy.  But he's telling his story without pretense or adornment, and what a story it is!  I'd recommend this book to all fellow foodies.
0552124753|4.0|Pratchett is irreverent in his disregard for the Gods of fantasy and indeed the norms of rational explanation.<br />He mercilessly slays all the carefully thought out theories of modern science in his creation Diskworld.  Just when you think he is going to give a &quot;scientific&quot; explanation for the occurance of something an imp or a dryad hops out and claims the deed.<br />He tinkers with language in a hilarious way, just look at the titles and you can see this coming through.  The edge of diskworld (a world suspended on the backs of elephants which stand on a turtle) is prevented from falling off by the Circumfence (not the circumference, it is a fence around the edge).<br />The strongest character in the book has to be the luggage, which is stronger even than Hrun the Barbarian.  The luggage follows Twoflower the tourist and Rincewind the unwizardly wizard around on their adventures by walking on its many little feet.<br />This is a book that revels in being funny by breaking all the unwritten conventions.  It is irreverent in the extreme and for this reason I suspect that I will be buying a few more of this series.  I love a good intelligent laugh!
B000059TPN|5.0|I'v seen this movie for about 6 times now, but the criterion was like a whole new experience. If you like Sean Connery and Nicolage Cage, than this movie is a must have.<br />Video: The video is very good, just like most criterion DVD's.<br />Audio: The 5.1 track is a bit more agressive on the surround channels then the DTS track. But still I prefer the DTS track cuz it's a bit more controlled on the low frequency.<br />Extra's: There are enough extra's on the disc, they are not that good but the &quot;Movie Magic&quot; is very cool. To be honest I expected a little more from the extra's. But this is not a reason not to add this title to your collection.<br />Conclusion: One of the best title's in my collection.
B000002H6C|2.0|After hearing the Black Album/Metallica and Fuel, I decided to get this album. It was a mistake.  All the songs sound like they havent had much thought to it.  Also, the songs are so long.  Listening to a bad song for a long time is the worst possible thing.  It might just be me, but I don't know.  But I like Metallica and this is not like them.
B000002VCU|5.0|To be perectly honest, it's too hard for me to decide which one of APP's albums is the best, because all of them are the best and Turn Of A friendly Card is one of the best of their best.
B000051VWW|1.0|For some one who had this much time to put out a quality CD she realy missed the boat. Each song sounds like the last. If you have a drum machine and can sing you can make this Cd at home. She should have quit after her last Cd. Trust me I own all her other CDs . waht ever happened to melody?
B000003C2U|5.0|This is the greatest metal cd of all time. Why? For one, Paul Masdoval and Sean Reinert of the almighty technical band Cynic (r.i.p.) play on this album. Paul is a great guitar player, and Sean stands out even more. Sean is like a machine on double bass kick and has excellent technical skills. These two members add great intensity to the recording and throw in their own unique jazz elements. Steve Digiorgio, the god of fretless bass (second only to Les Claypool), also strays away from Sadus to give Chuck a hand with the recording. These three showcases of talent in addition to the incredible writing of Schuldiner create the greatest metal cd of all time. Flattening of Emotions, the cd's first track, is enough to foreshadow the brilliant musicianship of the rest of the cd. The only other albums that come close to this work of perfection are Death's Individual Thought Patterns and Suffocation's Pierced from Within.
6305426651|5.0|Please do not let the english subtitles stear you away from this movie. After 10 minutes you are 100% used to reading them and for good purpose too. This movie is so inspirational and such a different slant of the whole holocaust era. Alone, with a friend, with your family - there is no instance where this movie wouldn't fit to be viewed. Bravo Roberto!!
B00004ST9Q|4.0|WHITNEY IS A FIVE STAR, THE MAKING OF THE DVD IS WELL A FOUR STAR.NOT BECAUSE MANY GOOD SONGS WERE LEFT OFF OR THE VIDEOS WERE KINDA CORNY.BECAUSE MOST WERE BACK THEN. BUT I'M TALKING ABOUT THE QUALITY OF SOUND  IN SPECIAL FEATURES:(ONE MOMENT IN TIME) SOUNDED LIKE S--T.ONE OF MANY PEOPLES FAVORITES. YET,NOT ADDED TO THE MUSIC VIDEO TRACKS.KINDA A LET DOWN. ALTHOUGH SHE HAS ONE OF THE MOST BEAUTIFUL VOICES YOU CAN HEAR THATS THE FACTS ON THE DVD.THANKS
B000003TAW|1.0|This band is beyond laughable, they are a tragedy. Their gimmick is their cheeziness. At least Primus were great musicians. Weezer are weak, weak, weak, weak, weak. But how would you all know? Go ahead, make my day- give me a negative 'was this review helpful' vote. ... Too bad you're the ones who have to listen to this awful music.
6303269826|5.0|This movie is for any one iterested in the life of Wyatt Earp.  There was more to Wyatt the the Tombstone incident.  He led a very interesting life.  <br />This movie is more like a documentary than a movie.  It is excellent in the way it is portrayed.  <br />Another thing I also enjoyed about it is the fight at Tombstone.  As a history buff, I researched this incident and realized that Doc Holliday was shot in the shootout.  In no other reanactment have I seen him shot except for this movie.  It is very realistic, accorate, and good.
B0000024TQ|5.0|America is one of the best songs ever written. Plus, you also get two excellent songs, A Hazy Shade of Winter and Bookends. Must-have.
B000002AVF|5.0|I personally believe DAYDREAM is the best album that Mariah Carey has ever made. DAYDREAM is, without a doubt, a very beautiful album with meaningful lyrics. Some of her best songs ever can be found on this CD. Mariah Carey definitely put her heart and soul through this CD. DAYDREAM is an amazing mix of uptempo, fast-beat and slow ballads with a mix of R&amp;B and Pop songs. Here's the list of all the tracks:<br />1.) &quot;Fantasy&quot; -- A wonderful, uptempo song. Mariah's voice sounds beautiful on this song. (5/5 stars)<br />2.) &quot;Underneath The Stars&quot; -- A beautiful love ballad. Great song. Once again, Mariah's voice is excellent. (5/5 stars)<br />3.) &quot;One Sweet Day&quot; -- A song Mariah performed with the group, Boyz II Men. It's a beautiful love ballad and both Mariah's voice and Boyz II Men's voices sound amazing. (5/5 stars)<br />4.) &quot;Open Arms&quot; -- A song remade by the band Journey. One of my personal favorites on this album and a fabulous love ballad. Mariah's voice is perfectly flawless. (5/5 stars)<br />5.) &quot;Always Be My Baby&quot; -- A cool, uptempo song with a more of an R&amp;B feel to it. You'll love this song - the lyrics are unforgettable. Definitely one of the best. (5/5 stars)<br />6.) &quot;I Am Free&quot; -- A nice song. Not one of my favorites, but it's still pretty good. It's a slow ballad with more R&amp;B than Pop. (4/5 stars)<br />7.) &quot;When I Saw You&quot; -- One of my favorites!! I love this song. It's a great uptempo, fast-beat Pop song. It's got great lyrics and Mariah's voice sounds terrific. (5/5 stars)<br />8.) &quot;Long Ago&quot; -- OK. I used to hate this song. But now when I listen to it more, it's gotten better. I think this is one of those songs where you have to listen to it more than once to like it. (3/5 stars)<br />9.) &quot;Melt Away&quot; -- A beautiful love ballad and a duet with Babyface. Both Mariah's and Babyface's voices are fantastic. Terrific lyrics. One of the best songs on thisalbum. (5/5 stars)<br />10.) &quot;Forever&quot; -- My absolute favorite on this CD. It's a beautiful love mild-ly ballad. It's got more R&amp;B than Pop and a really, really beautiful song. (5/5 stars)<br />11.) &quot;Fantasy Sweet DubMix&quot; [DAYDREAM Interlude] -- OK. But it's an Interlude and I'm not really into Interludes much. Not much else to say here since it's not a really real song...just something extra to add to the CD. (2/5 stars)<br />12.) &quot;Looking In&quot; -- Really bad. Probably the only not-so-great song on this entire album. I don't like this song and always skip it, so not much else to say here either. (0/5 stars)<br />So as you can see, there are only a couple bad songs on this CD. The rest of this CD is a pure masterpiece and one of Mariah's best. Her voice is better than ever on this album and if you're a Mariah fan, you most definitely need to have this album. Go out and buy it today!
0671027344|5.0|If you are or were antisocial in high school, this book's for you.  I instantly identified with the character and his friends. And though there are a lot of ups and downs in this wallflower's life, the reader is never left asking why.
B000002OX7|5.0|Who's Next is the best Who Lp ever released and in my humble opinion is the best album of the 1970's. The songs are wonderful. The synth-drive rebellion of &quot;Baba O'Riley&quot; and &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; are the Who's biggest hits. The lovely ballads &quot;The Song Is Over&quot; and &quot;Behind Blue Eyes.&quot; Also, The Ox's hilarious &quot;My Wife.&quot; No doubt this is one the 3 best records ever. This album is so complete, it's not even funny. Need I say anymore.
B000003S1A|5.0|For those wanting to experience beauty and madness, look no further... this studio effort is perfection.<br />Also grab &quot;Absent Lovers&quot; (Live from Montreal). It took two weeks before I could bring myself to remove this disk from the CD player.
B000059MEK|5.0|What is the deal of comparing Daft Punk to Eiffel 65?  Everyone is doing the vocoded vocals.  But only the best know now to do it right.  Sure maybe this is no &quot;Homework&quot;, but I think the right decision was made in going in a different direction with this album.  If they had replicated &quot;Homework&quot; then people would have criticized them for sounding the same.  You can never make people happy.  As for Discovery, this is a wicked LP.  From the opening track of &quot;One More Time&quot; to the last track &quot;Too Long&quot;, this album shines.  The only flaw I found on this album was the track &quot;Short Circuit&quot;.  This track seems out of place as much of the album is disco-house music.  If you're into house music, give this record a spin.  It may not be for everyone, but I dare you to listen to &quot;Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger and NOT be able to start tapping your feet!!
0062502182|1.0|What can I say about this book? It is a poorly written fable, with a little vacant glimmer of hope for all. New age hollowness. With sinister authoritarian undertones planted in an all too subtle way. Oh, the preaching goes on and on and on, covert and ever so potent. Make everyone think like a 6 year old Coelho and become a millionaire in the process, go on, cancel out all the western tradition of thought with your new agey bubbles. This is a very profound book on...well I don't know what it is profound on but it is still very deep. Ah, I figured it, life that's the topic of the book, the big L.<br />But people seem to like it so I better shut up fore they follow their dream of forcing the ones they don't agree with to shut up. (Just a question if two dreams cause conflict, say in a conflict of dreams, does the universe split in half to favour both, or if a dream becomes reality then does the universe no longer conspire and it has to become a dream again for it to happen, or if you dream a lot at night and wake up and don't remember your dream should you see a witch doctor about it, or if one is a dreamer and follows his heart and wonders off to the mecicine cabin of the medicine man and then the man with the long wooden stick tells him...but that's another tale.) Thanks for reading.
B000002H33|5.0|My, how I was floored when this hit me like a train!  When I bought this, about a week after it originally came out, it was my first taste of Metallica.  In hindsight, I believe that &quot;Master...&quot; was the zenith of the vicious thrash attack that drove James and Lars to put this band together in the first place.  Their hunger and drive for substance, speed, and ferocity dripped from every song on the also-must-own-classics &quot;Kill 'Em All&quot; and &quot;Ride The Lightning&quot;, but I think the studio sessions that gave birth to &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; were the moments when these four kids, their instruments, and their rapid-fire riffs truly 'clicked' and became an entity unto itself.  Metallica defined themselves with this record.  Sorry, but I can't give you any favorites or standout tracks... to this day I have to hear the record in its entirety.  It was refreshing to hear a thrash album in which the band decided to write memorable SONGS, thus a memorable album.  Undeniably, this is an 80's landmark.  No one knows what would have happened to the band's direction if Cliff hadn't died (depending on his writing contributions).  &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot; and Cliff's death marked an end to an era...  Coincidence?  Who knows, maybe I would have liked &quot;...Justice&quot; if they would have let us hear the bass a little, but I guess we'll never know.
6305014140|5.0|This is THE best ninja anime I have ever seen.  Nothing can even compare.  If you want to begin an interest in Japanese Anime you MUST purchase!!!  This will get you to love anime, but you will not be as satisfied with other anime.  Consider eating Fillet for the first time before you have ever eaten a hamburger.  It will spoil you with expectations of having similar quality in every anime you watch.  Unfortunatly there isn't.  Altogether, this is a must have.  A+.
B0000584V3|5.0|I've been listening to Opeth now for a few years, and always eagerly await their new albums.  Since their latest &quot;Still Life&quot; probably ranks as my favorite Opeth album (before Orchid), I was eagerly awaiting the release of Blackwater Park. Blackwater Park picks up right where Still Life left off musically.  Not too much of style change, but when it's this good and played with this much skill, I can't complain.  I enjoy the inclusion of a second vocalist here, as well as the piano parts. This album seems even more song oriented than the SL, which is a great thing. <br />The whole album is amazing.  You definately need this.  Given time, this may be my favorite Opeth disc.
B00000JCOV|3.0|I decided to give some of this stuff a listen.  I expected to hear some really brutal, aggressive stuff.  What I got instead was a bunch of weird techno and hip-hop stuff interspersed with brief moments of heaviness.  &quot;Sic&quot;, &quot;Eyeless&quot;, &quot;Wait and Bleed&quot;, and &quot;Liberate&quot; are decent songs, but the rest don't seem to do it for me.  There's barely any heavy guitar in this, how can an album be heavy without guitar?  And solos?  Forget it!  These guys sound like they can barely play!  Oh, and don't get too excited about the three drummers thing, because only one of them has a complete kit.  In fact, I think one of them just beats on a keg.  The only thing that keeps this album from being bad is the vocals.  Corey Taylor actually is a pretty good vocalist, and he can scream pretty hard.  But other than that, there's nothing terribly impressive here.  I'm sorry, but if you think Slipknot is the heaviest, most brutal band on the planet, you've got a lot more bands to listen to.  Check out Slayer, Cryptopsy, the Haunted, and Meshuggah to hear what real heavy music is supposed to sound like.  If you want heavy nu-metal, go with Mudvayne and System of a Down, they are both much heavier than these guys.  I'm glad I never bought this album, I think I would have been pretty disappointed.
B00003CWL6|1.0|This has got to be the second worst movie I have EVER seen (there has to be a worse one; but I've erased it from memory).  The story is about as disgusting as it gets.  Talk about a strange collection of people!!  I was absolutely horrified that this won awards; it's selection totally killed my respect for movie making.  If you enjoy an entire movie about strange neighbors, a middle aged man that is obsessed with a cheerleader and spends his time masterbating and smoking pot, a neurotic wife, a really wierd daughter, and predictable plot (now who ever thought that the girl WASN'T a virgin)...  Well, this is the movie for you!
0689815816|5.0|We enjoy going along the adventure with the family in the book and shouting phrases like, &quot; We can't go over it.  We can't go under it.  Oh,no! We've got to go through it!&quot;  There are fantastic sounds along the journey like &quot;Hoo Woo&quot; in the snowstorm.  The ending is best read really fast, which is at times challenging for the parent and fun for all.  We love this book!
0345350499|5.0|Every woman should read this book.
0452282152|5.0|I truly loved this book. A great read
B000002J09|5.0|I too am tired of all the comparisons of Zep to other bands (specifically Pink Floyd, The Who, and The Beatles).  All four of these bands are great and each have had a huge impact and influence on music, but stop with all the comparisons.  Each band is great in its own way, but their styles are so different they can't be compared.  I would recommend any album by any of these bands any day.  Anyway, this is probably Zep's greatest album, and all of the tracks are top notch (especially Going to California and Battle of Evermore).   Stairway to Heaven is my least favorite (damn radio), but it is still a great song.  This is one of my 10 favorite albums, and easily one of the 10 best of all time.  <br />     I highly recommend this, if you don't already have it.
B000059R8Y|5.0|Two songs into this and I have a new favorite CD. The first song has the sweetest jazz guitar sound going on, but why do we try to button hole music and art. What's good is good and everything else is everything else. I do like to see my favorite musicians  putting out new material and not cater to audiences thirty to forty years younger. There are so many classic songs that can be recorded again and find new listeners. This album is a classic album. Great talent!
0393312836|5.0|This is by far the best book i have ever had the privilage to come across. every book i have read after reading A Clockwork Orange has seemed dull and lifeless. The language is new, (once you get past the first chapter it gets easier to understand.) After finishing this book i was saying things like 'all that cal' and 'horrorshow'. I have recommended this book to about ten people, every single one of them has bought there own copy of it!I have yet to see the movie for fear it will ruin the feeling the book has left in me, though maney say the book is just as good as the movie is.  Burgess makes a strong commentary on what the human nature to violence is and the human nature to control violence @ all costs, even the free will of a person. This book could make the president hate the government! I hope that every single person in the entire world will read this book, and let it control their thinking the way it did mine.
B00003CXC7|4.0|No need to say much about the film itself, it is one of Hitchcock's most enjoyable, with excellent performances.  James Stewart is marvellous as always, although I doubt if his part stretched him quite as much as other roles, in 'Vertigo' for example.<br />The image on DVD is good, although this film (from 1954) goes not look as impressive as 'Vertigo' (1958) which is excellent.  Also don't miss Stewart's best screen performance in the fabulous courtroom drama 'Anatomy of a Murder' which looks superb on a black &amp; white MGM DVD.<br />As for Hitch's 'North by Northwest' (1959), that is an absolutely stunning image on DVD, better than you could imagine.<br />In this film, the image is warm and clear, although with a hint of grain on some fleshtones which occasionally do not look entirely natural.  Also there is some loss of sharpness, particularly on closeups.  The footage of the view from L B Jefferies' (Stewart's) window is very fine.  There are no serious nicks or scars that I noticed, just the occasional fleck.<br />All in all this is the best 'Rear Window' has looked for home viewing, and too much should not be made of the slight flaws I have mentioned.  They will not interfere at all with your viewing and enjoyment of an excellent film.
B00004SCX6|3.0|This cd has some great pop songs like 'Oooops', 'Stronger', 'lucky', 'what u see' and 'cant make you love me'. Some ok songs like 'one kiss from you' and 'dont go knockin', it also has some ABYSMAL songs like her awful version of Satisfaction (she should of just left this alone!!) and Dear diary. Altogether, id say it is the same standard of her last album , the music is VERY predictbale and repetitive. If u like this kind of music your gonna like it.
B000002MK8|5.0|&quot;Unplugged... And Seated&quot; is one of the best live releases of the 1990's. What makes this CD so eclectic is the return of Ron Wood on guitar. This gives the CD added energy and obviously a great guitar player. Highlights include &quot;Cut Across Shorty&quot;, &quot;Maggie May&quot;, a stunningly gorgeous rendition of Tom Waits' &quot;Tom Traubert's Blues&quot;, and &quot;Stay With Me&quot;. Definitely a great buy.
0804106304|4.0|i thought the &quot;Joy Luck Club&quot; was a very good book. i really didn't think there was anything bad about the book at all.
B000056K04|5.0|I just bought this cd after seeing an interview of the band a couple of weeks ago on 60 minutes. This is an excellent collection of songs and is a must have.These guys click,and what a unique sound.
B00004RHZU|5.0|Even though the fact that this singer is white, you should give her credit. She sings with a lot of soul. And she is tough, you can tell by her hair and clothes and her cool music videos. I feel her lyrics and can understand what she is saying in Stop Falling. I love Stop Falling. It is my FAVORITE SONG ON THE ENTIRE CD. Get it just for that song, but there are also my favorites Most Girls and Love Is Such A Crazy Thing. I never really liked There You Go, because it was too hip-hop for my tastes, but I love when Pink gets down, especially on Hell Wit Ya!!!
B000003BDJ|4.0|I AGREE WITH MOST REVIEWS THAT THE SONGS ON THIS 2CD SET IS SUBLIME! A MUST FOR BOTH THE FIRST TIME INDIVIDUAl AND THE DIE HARD FAN. WHAT I FEEL IS THAT THE QUALITY OF BOTH DISKS ARE A FAR CRY FROM TRUE CD AUDIO. IF YOUR NOT INTO SOUND OR EVEN CARE ABOUT THE AUDIO IMPROVEMENTS OF CD, BUY ONE OF THE GREATEST BOX SETS OF ALL TIME! HOWEVER, IF YOU LIKE IMPROVED FIDEALITY,THIS 2 CD SET LEAVES ALOT TO BE DESIRED! CONSIDERING ALOT OF DISKS,INCLUDING THE BEATLES ABLUMS, WHICH WERE ALL REMASTERD BEFORE RELEASE. THERE HAS BEEN NO ATTEMPT TO REDUCE HISS OR LOWER DISTORTION LEVELS. THE BEST COMPARISON I CAN GIVE IS LIKE YOUR LISTINING TO THE ORIGNAL RECORD RELEASE WITHOUT NO CHANGE CONSIDERING A CDS DYNAMIC RANGE. HOWEVER, TO EACH IS OWN...
B000058983|2.0|First thing's first: &quot;Forever Changes&quot; is a wonderful, otherworldly album that ranks with the Beatles' &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; and Hendrix's &quot;Are You Experienced?&quot; in terms of truly groundbreaking albums of the 60's. That Love is barely remembered, much less regularly worshipped, comes as something of a mystery to anyone who has heard 'em.<br />Then Rhino comes along and puts &quot;Forever Changes&quot; through the reissue mill: turn up the bass for a supposedly fuller sound, throw on a handful of studio outtakes and less successful singles, and jack up the price by five bucks. Then take the original version of the CD completely off the market. They did the exact same thing to &quot;Dusty in Memphis&quot; last year.<br />Do yourself a favor: go out and buy the vinyl version and hear a work of art as the artist wanted you to hear it. No album on Earth ends as well as the original version of &quot;Forever Changes,&quot; with the life-affirming trumpet lines of &quot;You Set the Scene&quot; fading out gradually.
B000053GTF|3.0|I have to agree with &quot;the viewer&quot; review- her videos tend to lack the emotional intensity of her Live performances. If you ask me, her best performances are her live performances.<br />The videos used to be exciting to watch for the first time, but it quickly gets old and worn out becuase either it's lacking in plot or it's just not the version we want- case in point- &quot;Because you loved me&quot; should have been the original video and not the live performance, where in this case, the original video was clearly very well done,on the other hand, My heart will go on and the latest songs (if walls could talk) are just plain boring, if not very lavish and slick, but still boring because there's no plot.<br />The only standout is &quot;It's all coming back to me&quot; but one wish there weren't that many steamy scenes in this DVD collection. First of all, there are bedroom scenes in that video and then we get the Leonardo and Kate car scene in &quot;My heart will go on&quot;<br />This is not a Madonna video- and certainly we have seen that car scene in Titanic many times over. Celine is not a prude but her videos have been decent until they had to impose (mild but present) sexual references to make them sell. <br />All in all, anything is better than this coukd-have-been-better package. Sorry, this doesn't make the grade.
B000059MEK|4.0|These guys are so awesome! Discovery lives completely up to its title. I remember reading a post on some site a few months back with some rumored information about Daft Punk's forthcoming album. The rumors were that the title of the new one would be \\"Very Disco\\", and also another post read \\"Disco Very\\". That was not far from the truth, both for the eventual title and sound of this album. Discovery is unlike anything your ears have ever been graced with, the tracks on this album are so original. It's hard to put a label on the style of music that this album offers. Imagine a smooth disco-house beat in the background with a re-engineered 70's rhythm floating on top, then add just a touch of some reminiscent 80's flavor. Then run all of it through that wonderful \\"Daft Filter\\" that is Daft Punk, and you end up with some funky-fresh disco-house tracks that you can definitely bug out to! Trust me, it may not be the same sound that was on homework... but it's definitely Daft Punk.<br />One last thing, I completely agree with a previous review... &quot;Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger&quot; is the best track on this album.
B000002B9I|5.0|It's amazing what happens when artists (re-)connect with things that are really valuable and meaningful to them.  With \\"Mi Tierra\\" Gloria got back to the Cuban side of her Hispanic heritage and produced a milestone album.  With \\"Abriendo Puertas\\" she mines the huge wealth of Colombian music to produce a gem.<br />Open-minded Estefan fans are in for a treat.  The songs are based on different local styles, as the liner notes usefully explain.  There's an amazing variety of rhythms - all irresistible. The melodies are catchy and Gloria delivers them with her customary warmth and assurance.  <br />You don't need to understand the words in Spanish to enjoy this joyful music, but it's a real bonus if you do.  It's notionally a seasonal album but unlike so many this one goes beyond the cliched trappings (chestnuts roasting, jingle bells etc.) and really connects with what the festive season is really be about - reconciliation, new beginnings, generosity, shared memories and good times together.   <br />\\"Abriendo Puertas\\" is perfect for any day of the year when body and soul need a little refreshment.  GLORIOUS!!
B00003CXE6|5.0|Russell Crowe jumps into the role of Maximus, a former Roman general, who's wife and son were murdered by the evil Comodus to keep Maximus from becoming ruler over Rome. After the murders, Maximus is sold into slavery and eventually ends up a gladiator. After numerus gory gladiator-against-gladiator fights, the group of fighters that Maximus is taveling with goes to the Colesium, and spectator arena in Rome for gladiator battles, maximus is chalenged to a duel by Comodus. I won't tell you the end, but you've gotto see this flick. Ranks in my top five with: Raiders of the Lost Ark/Gladiator(1); The Patriot(2); Goldfinger(3)Tomorrow Never Dies(4); and The Green Berets(5). All Great war/action/adventure flicks
B00004XOWM|2.0|Nothing like 3 dollar Bill. This CD was put out just for fame, it was all just thrown together, 3 chords per song, same lyrics. If you want to listen to some quality rock that has a meaning I would recommend some bands like TOOL, Filter, Nine Inch Nails, Or A Perfect Circle. Maybe Korn.
0515125024|4.0|A nify thriller, like his others, but irritatingly blemished by a nervous tick: every time two characters speak to one another, one or both &quot;shrugs.&quot;  He likely uses the word &quot;shrug&quot; more in this one book than in all of literature throughout the ages -- his other novels not included.  Obviously the man has no editor, or at least one he's listen to.
B00000099Y|5.0|This is the best album that I've ever heard, there isn't a bad track on the whole CD except there are some songs that aren't really songs(Phone Messages). One of the resons why this CD is so good is because all the songs are about 7 minutes long, some even longer. Some tracks like Eulogy have an interesting opening that leads up to the actual song. Other songs like stinkfyst and 46 and 2 just start and work there way up to a great climax. The album changes alot too, like there are probably up to ten different guitar riffs in some songs which proves that Tool is not one of those 3 chord bands(Blink-182, Limp Bizkit). Also the rythym(sp?)is great, along with the singing. Everybody should own this album, also look forward to their next album which should come out in May, 2001.
B00000JGHM|5.0|This is one of the best action movies ever made.  Period.  The shootout on the streets of LA is unsurpassed for excitement and pure adrenaline rush.  Fantastic direction and effects, most especially sound (hope you have Dolby surround sound!).<br />A flawless cast is put through their paces by a director at the top of his game.  Michael Mann is becoming a world class director, and getting better with each outing.  He tells a BIG story here, with the dual star power of Pacino &amp; DeNiro, and he tells his story BIG!<br />Three dimensional characters, terse and telling dialogue, superb direction as noted with complimentary excellence in cinematography, sound, special effects, etc. and a great script that makes the 2-1/2 hours fly by.  This is the real deal.  As good as it gets.<br />Don't miss this one, and get the surround sound cranked up and duck as the bullets and glass tear up your living room.
0789723107|5.0|I'm about to design my first corporate web site, and I'd heard aboutthis book so I purchased it recently.  You can read it in one day Isuppose, but I spaced it out to about 5 days.  Lots of screen shotsand sample graphics help make it clear exactly what the author istalking about.  <br />I usually highlight the good parts when I read (forlater reference), and some of the pages in this book were gettingsoggy with all the yellow ink I was slapping on!  <br />The best chapterswere the ones on navigation - it's made me rethink the navigation forthe site I'm about to start work on, and really helped give me somenew insights.  Also good is the chapter on usability testing, whichnever even occurred to me.  <br />The only downside is the price...  Thatsaid, it's a very well laid-out, nice-looking book.  Even thepaperstock is of very high quality, but of course you're paying extrafor that slickness.  <br />All in all, I'm glad I read it and wouldrecommend it to anyone who's thinking of designing a web site -especially graphic designers who think web page navigation is merely anecessary evil!
B00003CXSP|4.0|I read the book Hannibal and thought it was unfilmable.  I was pleasantly surprised therefore to find that two superb screenwriters, David Mamet and Steve Zaillion, were able to make the changes necessary to delete the parts of the book that didn't work while keeping the essence of Thomas Harris's exercise in dark malevolence.<br /><br />Hannibal Lecter is the boogie man. He is the distillation of the nightmare villain...brilliant, cultured, educated, refined, erudite and thoroughly ruthless and bloodthirsty.  He is a creation of fiction, no more real than Dracula or Professor Moriarty.  He bears no resemblance to actual serial killers, who by and large are a drab, colorless, undistinguished lot.  Maybe that's why we are fascinated by Hannibal, all that talent and charm put to wicked uses.<br /><br />Please note one thing, the book and the movie take place 10 years AFTER Silence of the Lambs.  Clarice Starling is not the wide-eyed innocent of Silence, but a street-tough working cop that is getting jerked around by the bureaucracy she has served faithfully and well. She is the only truly moral person in an unjust and cruel world.  It is that morality that ironically is her attraction for Hannibal. It would have been interesting to see, but I'm not sure Jody Foster could have brought that toughness to the role.  Julianne Moore did fine.<br /><br />Anthony Hopkins owns the role.  As in Silence, it isn't him jumping out and going \\"BOO!\\" that makes us uneasy, it is the sinister stillness and self-posession of his Hannibal that frightens and chills.  All that evil nastiness contained within that can be unleashed at any time.  Hopkin's Hannibal is a marvelous creation of wit and charm, ridding the world of \\"free range rude\\".<br /><br />Speaking of nastiness, the movie is wickedly funny with lots of nasty tidbits.  \\"Okee dokee, here we go now\\" as matter-of-factly as an usher or a tour guide, \\"bowels in or out?\\".<br /><br />I don't know if Thomas Harris was trying to write asequel so over-the-top lurid as a challenge to Hollywood \\"I dare you to film this\\" or if he looked around at a culture so harsh and unjust and cruel and crass that he decided to pour all of that into his book and pull a terrific stunt...make the cannibal the hero.  Regardless, he gave us a deliciously wicked read that Ridley Scott has transformed into a stylish and wicked movie.<br /><br />Not for everyone's taste (pun intended) for sure, and not with the broad appeal of Silence, Hannibal exists on it's own terms and has it's own pleasures and rewards. The supporting performances are all fine, cinematography excellent. Finally, the material ultimately is not as emotionally engaging as Silence, and for that it just misses 5 stars...but another encounter with Clarice and Dr. Lecter is more interesting than most.
B000059R8Y|4.0|God a.k.a Eric Patrick Clapton is doing good. Reptile sounds soft and happy. Clapton did an pop/blues albun, with all the ingredients of it. Great solos, excellent pianos (courtesy of Billy Preston), pop songs and weird sounds, like the open tune, sounding like an meeting with Santana's Samba Pa Ti with Joao Gilberto's version of Chega de Saudade. Clapton gone through bad moments recently (lost a son, gone on divorce} and now seems exorcised all theses demons. By the way, he's still God.
B000000H4V|5.0|Chaos A.D. is absolutely one of the best metal albums I've ever heard, and I've heard a good many. This is the rare record where every track is a standout, and the momentum energized by the classic opener 'Refuse/Resist' carries through all the way to the end. The foundation of this metal carnage is the tried-and-true hard and fast motif which characterizes thrash/death metal, and which makes for some fantastic riffing on tracks like 'Slave New World' and others. 'Biotech is Godzilla' wins the award for goofiest song title, but it's a brilliant piece of music, brutally heavy and blazingly fast. To this formula Sepultura added more esoteric influences such as tribal beats and acoustic guitar, which in no way diffuses the raw energy of the album. 'Kaiowas' is a brief folky instrumental which serves to soothe the listener a bit, and then it's back into the fray. This is probably one of my top five metal CDs, and it's certainly worth checking out.
B000056K04|4.0|My first contact with DMB was on 1994, listen to Ant's Marching, from Under The Table And Dreaming. Well, that was an excellent album, with a powerfull groove and a remakable voice. Now, six years after, DMB's sound is very different. The violinos has gone, replaced by guitars. Steve Lillywhite has gone, replaced by Glenn Ballard. Maybe these two factors are responsable by the change, no realy an evolution. Anyway, Everyday still remains an good pop albun, but not more than this.
B000056VJ7|1.0|The continuing success of this bloated, grandiose junk is one of the saddest stories in the history of music.  The songs are simply dreadful with some of them (most notable &quot;Paradise by the Dashboard Lights&quot;) ranking among the worst songs ever.  Let's not pull any punches folks, this album is deeply anti-rock and roll to its very core.
B000059MEK|5.0|regardless of what anyone says, &quot;Discovery&quot; proves to be a huge step for Daft Punk.  This album explores the usage of vocals, whether synthesized or not, to bring their music to an entirely different level.  too many of these reviewers are trying to figure out if this album is &quot;better&quot; or not.  in reality, this is a whole new string of dance music that many artists are beginning to try.  artists like aphex twin and orbital have all switched the tones of their follow up albums to try a different sound.  instead of comparing it, try listening to it.
B00003Q43A|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite movies. I think the acting is excepional, and the special effects are spectacular. Most of the complaints this movie gets, I belive are undeserved. People who criticize this movie tell people to leave their IQ at home... Maybe they should have brought their IQ along to understand the movie! First the people who complain that the movie is too much focused on America.... WTF? Can you please tell me what the name of the movie is? Indepenence Day (ID4) an american holliday! c'mon get a clue, of course it is going to be biased in favor of america, it is only the most important American Holiday! another problem people have with the move is that the acting is horrible... well I wont touch much on that one since that is subject to opinon... all Ill say is watch it again... the DVD version has more of the Story intact... and watch the part where the &quot;firt kid&quot; says &quot;is mommy sleeping&quot; and the pres says &quot;yeah... mommys sleeping&quot; and tell me you don't feel anything.... the other problem people have a hard time with is the part, or parts i should say; where Jeff Goldblum is able to dicipher the alien code in the satilite and where he can connect to the alien ship with his laptop... first... the alien ships where using human satilites, where everything is in binary(how all our compuers are Binary)... and Jeff Being a 8 year MIT Grad probably has a good understanding of reading binary... and all he did was find a hidden binary code that wasnt supposed to be there, he filtered it out and realized that it was a count down(in short). the one that most people have a problem with is when he interfaces with the alien ship using his laptop.... well think about it! they have had an alein ship there to study for 30+ years... how do you think they were studing the alien technology?with computers! Im sure they developed some sort of interface adapter to the alien technology that allowed our computers to interface with alien computers... what, you want them to show you how they make it so you know it works and then you can say this is a beliveable movie? C'mon guys Use your IQ you have so much of, take it to the movie next time, im sure youll like it the movie much more. the only issue with the movie are the shortcuts it takes... like when will smith finds his girlfriend among the rubble of EL Toro, or when he finds Area 51 with the RV caravan. or how Wills girlfriend finds the first lady, or how Jeff's girl friend is in a position to get a meeting with the president So Jeff can Give the critical info to the pres just in time... but all that is to just make the movie more fun. thats all the movie tries to be... just a Kick A$$ joy ride! enjoy it for what it is and don't cut it down for something that it isn't even trying to be.
0671775308|2.0|I am bothered by the entire premise of this book:  that people would WANT to be millionaires.  What is the point of having money if not to spend it to enjoy life?  Of course, some amount of savings is ideal to lessen financial anxiety and to help in the event of an emergency, but we only live once.  I certainly don't want to be like my grandfather who saved and saved and saved, never travelled or did anything interesting, then DIED.  What is the point, indeed?
B00003CXMG|5.0|No, the DVD doesn't have all the extras that Amazon promised. They goofed on that one. But, rest assured that the version we all want will be along in a few months when CC is done shooting &quot;Vanilla Sky&quot;. <br />Let me start by marveling at the plethora of negative reviews here. Even the critics that didn't name it to their Top 10 list didn't dislike the movie. You will be hard pressed to find a single negative professional review anywhere on this movie. Please disregard the short, ignorant reviews here that do no more than call the movie names. This movie is all you could ask for and then some.<br />The story is old news by now. Everybody knows it is based on CC's real life experiences as a teenage scribe covering the rock scene for Rolling Stone magazine. Unlike many movies based on a true story, many of the pivotal scenes in this movie actually took place. Very few artistic liberties were taken with regards to key events.<br />The acting was virtually flawless. Phillip Seymour Hoffman would have won an Oscar if there was an awards given for cameos. His role was too small to be considered for best supporting actor, but it was the best performance I have seen in a long time. McDormand and Hudson both earned their nominations. Kate Hudson's range was astonishing, especially in the &quot;$50/Case of Beer&quot; scene. Jason Lee was born to play the part of Jeff Bebe, and Jimmy Fallon was surprisingly strong as a sleazy agent. The movies focal points were Billy Crudup as Russel Hammond, a self-centered guitarist with several intricate layers to his makeup. Crudup played the part perfectly and deserved official recognition for his work. Patrick Fugit, playing William Miller/CC was excellent in his debut. Like Hudson, his expressions were worth a million words. Even Zooey Deschanel was fabulous in her short scenes as William's influential older sister. I expect to see a lot more of her in the coming years.<br />Several scenes stand out, and the soundtrack was wisely chosen. Anyone that remembers albums had to appreciate the way a wide-eyed William gazed at all those covers with amazement for the first time. The late night conversation between Hoffman and Bangs near the end was heartbreaking and warm and brialliant and funny all wrapped up into one. The movie is full of nostalgia, but not so much that it becomes provincial and self-indulgent.<br />The Academy snubbed this movie for the likes of Gladiator, Erin Brockovich, and Chocolat. Never before has that disconnected gang of oafs committed such a crime. Buy this movie and treasure it, because art like this doesn't come around very often.
B000002U82|5.0|When I was a teenager,and got together with my friends and we wanted to PARTY,&quot;Dark Side Of the Moon&quot; was the album we would listen to most of the time.It seems like you heard something different everytime .The laughing really gets to you sometimes,and the sudden Bells can scare the hell out of you after listening to the mellow sound.My favorite cut is &quot;Time,&quot; &quot;and then one day you find ten years have got behind you.&quot; &quot;Money&quot; is the most played song on the radio.Its so different from the rest of the numbers.The CD is relaxing,and the 1994 remastered version is fantastic.&quot;Dark side of the Moon&quot; is the longest charted album in billboard,and they say if you put the tape of &quot;The Wizard of Oz&quot; in your VCR,turn off the sound,then put on this CD when the film  goes from black and white into color,it matches the film.I've never tried it,but might one of these day. The bottom line is,even if your not going to party to this Classic,its a must have for you record collection.
B000002BFZ|5.0|There are many former Pearl Jam fans out there who bought and loved Ten, Vs. and, in most cases, Vitalogy, but jumped the bandwagon as soon as this gem of an album was released. I myself discovered Pearl Jam fairly recently, and from my perspective, it seems to me that most of these people were listening to Pearl Jam either because they were a cool grunge band, or simply because they kept the headbangers happy on their first few albums.<br />Given that, it is no surprise that with the coming of No Code, a large portion of Pearl Jam's fan base simply evaporated. No Code is not a grunge album. Neither is it a heavy album, even if Habit and Lukin are probably the two heaviest Pearl Jam songs to date, along with Blood from Vs. What it IS, however, is nothing less than a stunningly beautiful work of art, and quite possibly Pearl Jam's best album.<br />No Code opens with a hushed-up, soft slow song called Sometimes that serves as an intro to the album and sets up its theme of personal soul-searching and trying to find purpose in life and the human self. &quot;Seek my part, devote myself... my small self... like a book amongst the many on a shelf&quot;, sings Eddie Vedder in one of his most emotional performances ever. And just then, after the almost anthemic chorus, a short instrumental interlude emerges, only to start to fade away slowly... when suddenly, the opening chords of one of the most satisfying Pearl Jam rockers to date, Hail, Hail, literally rip it apart... if your heart doesn't jump up nine feet when this happens, you were not listening attentively enough. Hail, Hail continues on with deeply satisfying riffs and lyrics that signify the search for the meaning of love, only to give way to the Middle-Eastern tinged Who You Are and the insane beat of In My Tree. A cool blues jam called Smile, complete with Eddie Vedder playing harmonica, follows. Off He Goes is an acoustic song that explores a long friendship between Eddie and somebody else; the lyrics to this oneare incredible. Habit is an angry rant about substance abuse, Lukin is just a cool 1 minute rocker. I've seen some great (and different) interpretations of Red Mosquito, so I'll let the reader of this review make up his or her own. Present Tense has been called by many the song that defines what Pearl Jam is all about... once again, I'll leave it at that.  I'm Open features spoken word lyrics and carries on the album's theme very well. Finally, a country-ish  ballad called Around The Bend finishes off this amazing album.<br />I deliberately omitted a lot of stuff from this review, since many things about this album are much more fun to discover for yourself. Just give this album a chance. I would recommend buying Vitalogy and maybe 1 or 2 of the official bootlegs before No Code, however, just to get the general idea of what Pearl Jam is all about. If you already have these, then go ahead and buy this one. You'll love it if you give it a chance.
0385335482|5.0|What a wonderful and funny book.  Rebecca's addiction for shopping and credit problems make mine pale in comparison!  I enjoyed every page of this book and was sorry to see the story end.  I look forward to more great works from Sophie Kinsella!
0684800713|5.0|Everytime I read a novel by Hemingway I enjoy it. I came to &quot;The Sun Also Rises&quot; expecting the same satisfaction. But I was wrong. &quot;The Sun&quot; is even better! Hemingway captures the voice of his characters through dialogue brilliantly. His sensitive portrayal of Jake Barnes, I'm thinking of the fishing scene, which conveys his loneliness, of the way he takes his friends to Pamplona to try to share his passion for bullfighting, his thwarted love for Brett. I would highly recommend this book for new-comers to Hemingway or those well read in the Papa-genre.
B000056H25|4.0|I do not think that the problem with the film is that it is too long. The problem is that it is not long enough. By cutting an hour and 5 minutes out of the film, it killed the pacing. Part 1 moves much too quickly. Part 2 moves much too slowly. The film is also shot in Ultra Panavision 70, which is presented in 2.76:1 letterboxing. That means the image is almost 3 inches wider than it is tall. Translation: Murder on your eyes! That's why I recommend either the pan-and-scan version, or the moderately letterboxed 2.35:1 version previously issued by MGM in 1996.<br />Other than that, the acting is good. Max Von Sydow does a good job, even if he doesn't set the world on fire as Christ. So far, Robert Powell has been the best Christ on screen. But the stunt casting (John Wayne as a Roman?????, Sidney Poitier as Simon????, Pat Boone as Andrew??????) defeats it in the end and makes it another spot the star film. <br />Hardly George Stevens finest film (Giant and Shane are his best films)but it's no stinker and it maintained my interest throughout. And the photography is a wow!
0783225857|4.0|This wonderful adaptation of Harper Lee's classic novel is a film of great dignity, a Norman Rockwell painting come to life. It effectively conveys the leisurely Southern summers and Tom Sawyerish feel of Lee's youth. Drawing parallels between the fears of children and adults, the movie shows us that we don't necessarily grow up when we reach adulthood. In the end, those of us who do mature find that there is often beauty on the other side of that mysterious door; and &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot; shows us some of the possibilities. <br />Relying on the acting talents of several children doesn't hamper the picture's effectiveness one bit. On the contrary, it's one of the film's surprising strengths. Mary Badham as &quot;Scout&quot; and Phillip Alford as &quot;Jem&quot; are utterly convincing as the children that many of us got to know in school. Gregory Peck won a well-deserved Oscar for his depiction of &quot;Atticus Finch&quot;; his role is portrayed with profound character, and gives one the impression of the highest integrity. Peck's closing argument to the jury is riveting, and is a stellar example of on-screen presense. There is inspiration and hope to be found here, a transcendence of time that few films can match.<br />The collector's edition DVD is excellent. Besides providing lovers of this work with a clean, sharp video transfer, we are treated to a beautiful &quot;making of&quot; documentary and given a decent director's commentary. Also included are several &quot;standard&quot; amenities: production notes, cast and filmmakers, language options, and a theatrical trailer. The sound quality is rather wanting, but it does the job. In all, this DVD is sure to please fans of this American treasure.
6305537798|5.0|1. so not the cheezy latex-thin teen movies that have been flooding our theaters and video rental stores. i was getting worried for a while that i would have to spend my teen years renting movies that portray my navtive california and all of the USA for that matter as home to only teens with clear complexions, amazing tans, and personalized porches.  2. as a somewhat eerie coincidence, i borrowed the taming of the shrew from my library the same day i rented this movie. the subtle hints that show this was from shakespeare were interlaced throughout the plot: kat and bianca were the names of the sisters in the play. kat STRATFORD and patrick VERONA. &quot;i burn, i pine, i perish!&quot;. this is priceless. 3. Kat isn't about to be pushed around by anyone...and hey! what do you know? she's INTELEGENT. what a novelty. she has a large vocabulary, sizzling combacks, and always puts that disco-freak joey in his place. 4. Heath Ledger is soooooooooooooooooooo *hot*! i loved him in the patriot and in this movie his character is a lot more developed. you also see alot more of that amazing smile...:) 5. I think Bianca is just a hint to shallow for me. but Kat makes up for it by being deep, if somewhat bitter, as well as pretty. 6. Their nuerotic and paranoid dad. the vest!!! aha! 7. great music. i've never heard of letters to cleo but i like them alot. i want kat's guitar!!! 8. this movie, for once, actually portrays some of the emotional scars a girl can get from being used then dumped. it really embittered kat and it took a hottie (not to mention sweetie) like pat to open her up. 9. portrays the whole 'have-some-reason-to-date-this-girl-even-tho-i-don't-really-like-her-and-then-she-finds-out-but-i'm-really-in-love' plot way way better than She's All That. much more believable. and less...lets just put it this way: they didn't have a choreographed dance number at the prom. okay?! 10. *sigh* the poem!!! i have to get a copy of that! she gave it with such emotion and sincerity.and the way heath looked up all bewildered and...aw[...]
B000002MG1|5.0|I have been an REM fan since 1986, and when I first got this album in 1992, I immediately did not like it for some reason. I then put it in my tape player and listened to it from day to day and then month to month, and that has now turned into year to year. It has such a quiet presence that true music fans will be drawn into. Stipe's songwriting in never stronger or more introspective. This is a band that knows how to make and play music flawlessly, and Scott Litt proves to be a perfect match for the guys from Athens. Hopefully they will record again soon. Classic tracks, Drive, Everybody Hurts, Man on The Moon, Nightswimming, and my personal favorite Find The River. Buy it now, don't walk...RUN.
B00000JZIK|5.0|The only movie I bought on DVD without thinking twice!  AMAZING movie!  I told my friends that it was the greatest movie I've ever seen, and they didn't believe my praises till they saw it for themselves.  They are now complete Usual Suspects fans and bought their own copies!  The storyline, the acting, the directing, was simply out of this world!  Greatest performance by Kevin Spacie!  Beats American Beauty any day!  Greatest Ending to a movie EVER!  The first time a watched it I saw it 3 times that night!  You are guaranteed to see it over and over again!  Don't think twice, get the movie NOW!
6302902010|1.0|After reading all of the comments and refusing to submit to reviewing a 'copy' of the orginal, I implore the Gershwin's to release the orginal Porgy and Bess.  Based on all of the above comments, and I am sure if we went public there would be thousands of requests to purchase the original just on the first day of release, I pray the Gershwin's overcome their internal restrictions and allow the fans to bask in the glory of one of the greatest works of art ever made!  The music, the acting, the settings; ALL MAGNIFICIENT!!!  HONORABLE GERSHWIN FAMILY, PLEASE HAVE A HEART!!!
0399146253|5.0|This is the eleventh book in the series featuring Dr. Kay Scarpetta whose job as the chief Medical Examiner of Virginia has put her in touch with many crimes and many conflicts with other law enforcement colleagues.  In previous novels Scarpetta has always come through her ordeals with criminals such as Temple Gault and Carrie Grethen.  These two in particular may have given Kay some of the worst experiences of her life yet they are far outweighed by her most recent assailant, the Warewolf.  Even though Kay is clearly the only living victim of this killer, she is still accused of killing Deputy Chief Diane Bray.  This mad, very hairy killer murdered Bray in &quot;Black Notice&quot;, Cornwell's previous novel.  Kay's most frightening crisis however, isn't being accused of Bray's murder, it is finally having to confront what happened to her former lover, the FBI agent Benton Wesley.  Kay is forced to bring out her feelings and examine them in the cold light of day, just like one of her autopsies.  Only when she does this does Kay realise that only she can help herself through this and that no longer can her niece Lucy and admirer Pete Marino, help her through what has to be the hardest time of her life.
B00004WIBW|5.0|this movie is a real winner. the plot is a delightfully spooky remake of the origonal tale. not scary enough to give you nightmares, but enough to keep you on the edge of your seat. johnny depp's facial expressions keep the movie entertaining in the slow parts and the blooming romance between him and katrina keep you pining for more. lovely little twist about the owner of the hessian's head controling him (did anybody but me notice that the skull's sharpened teeth are a lot closer together than the actors?). the graphics with the witch could have been better but did make me jump, and the foggy-town-in-the-midst-of-a-forest-setting is inspired. as a whole, i think the movie is a lot more satisfying than the actual story and would definently recomend it if you swing by the video store on halloween.
6300182355|5.0|There are two things that the makers of this version of the often-told story of Flash Gordon understood which puts this version above all others. First, the film absolutely must be over the top. Second, Flash Gordon and his lady-love Dale Arden are by far the least interesting characters in the whole film.<br />For evidence of the first point, see the marvelously grandiose score by Queen as well as the performances of Max Von Sydow and Brian Blessed. As to the second point, one need only consider how much acting talent fills the supporting roles, not just the aforementioned Sydow and Blessed but also future James Bond Timothy Dalton and theater stalwart Topol. These are the people we remember in the film (along with Orneall Muti as the delightfully devious Princess Aura) and the ones who make it such a joy to watch.<br />The story is school-boy heroics with a liberal dose of adolescent fantasy thrown into the mix, and that is as it should be. This is, after all, not a treatise on power-relations in a totalitarian society, it's the story of how Flash Gordon and his friends save the planet Earth and overthrow the evil emperor of Mongo so that its people can live in peace. It's a simple story, stylishly told, with breath-taking visuals and action sequences that have help up well in the past two decades. In short, what's not to enjoy.
B00004TRD8|5.0|When you insert the a side of the disk you can choose from 2 movies, if you want to se the &quot;Extended special version&quot; you should first choose the special version and when you see the menu for that version yuo should press the following nubers: 82997 (august 29 1997 is the date of &quot;Judgement day&quot;) and as you press the nubers you will se that the little sybols at the right will turn in to yellow words that say &quot;The future is not set&quot; and when you can se that all you haveto do is choose &quot;Play the extended special version&quot; This third movie includes all the sceens you can se in the special version plus two sceens never befor seen, the sceen when the T-1000 terminator is serching through John Conners room and allso the alternativ ending!  If you don't own this movie get it emedeatly!  If I knew how much extra material and behind the sceens and how good they are I would easely spend the double just to own it!  Bye it and enjoy it! =)
B000002J09|5.0|First of all, as a huge fan of Zeppelin, I may have some biases as to this album's greatness and legacy. Some people recognize this as repetitive and ponderous, others look at it as one of the greatest albums ever. I happen to go with the latter. This album has all the musical diversity Zeppelin fans have come to expect from them, and it set a standard for hard rock that has influenced basically every band since it's release. Every song on the list is listenable, and most of them are still played frequently on FM radio. Black Dog, Rock and Roll, Going to California, and When the Levee Breaks are highlights. Of course, no review of Led Zeppelin IV would be complete without a few words about their magum opus, not to mention the most requested rock song of all time, Stairway to Heaven. It's simply put an experience in itself. I can't really say that I have a favorite album by Zeppelin, but if I had to pick one, this would probably be it.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Shes a VERY good looking girl and thats as far as it goes.<br />No talent on this album at all people!  From start to finish the album is trash.<br />Good day!  Dont buy this crap
0679745203|4.0|I picked up this after much debate and enjoyed it.  At times, it was hard to follow but that is part of the nature of the text and prose.  We have four characters and their lives and more importantly how they all come together in one place.  Interesting (sounds like Canterbury Tales abit) but the more problem lies in if you are not interested in the one character's story then you are loosing part of the book.  I was very interested in the romance between the Patient and his past but less so in the nurse.  She was not very convincing to me.  So read it and see.
B000056N8X|4.0|I'm only giving this DVD four stars because I can't give it four and a half. The movie itself, unfortunately, rates no more than two and a half. But this two-disc set is a treasure trove. We have a new Producers' Cut of the film (*not* a Directors' Cut!), and an earlier Rough Cut for comparison. Plus a running Audio Commentary that can be played with the Producers' Cut, a Behind-the-Scenes Featurette, a feature on Special Effects, and three deleted scenes. Especially for those of us who saw the theatrical version and remember the differences, it's a delight to evaluate all this and decide how *we* would have pieced it together.<br />And as to the plot holes that inevitably still exist, that's what fan fiction is for. This film not only inspires it--it can become an obsession!
B000056NX4|3.0|Judas is excellent:  he's like an intelligent and sensitive but crude little white-trash assassin. But the monumentally edgy Outsider Judas of the Jewison 1973 film, in his larger-than-life wired destabilizing gestures and movements and sufferings is  the more powerful and defining evocation.  The nub is, Jewison's ability to evoke the triumph of Jesus' whole early career into the Palm Sunday lends to the end of the week its tragedy, its dramatic and compelling sense of rise and fall.  In the new version everything is dark and flat from the beginning--even Palm Sunday--, so there's no sense of dramatic forward movement. Since it's all flat and dark from the beginning, all the emoting seems to me rather contrived and artificial ado about nothing: melodrama rather than drama. The over-acting adds to it:  there's lots of over-grimacing and facial over-contorting in this claustrophobic atmosphere.  Only two script changes improve anything, and these are returns to the original play. Ciaphas says to Judas, &quot;What you have done will be the saving of Israel,&quot; which Jewison had diluted to &quot;the saving of everyone.&quot;  Jesus says to Pilate, &quot;there may be a Kingdom for me somewhere if *I* only knew,&quot; Jewison having turned into, &quot;...if *YOU* (Pilate) only knew,&quot; which diluted the play's notion of Jesus' human ignorance. Yet these are Jewison's (or Rice and Webber's)only two and small concessions in the 1973 more powerful film.  Ted Nealy, as the 1973 Jesus, doesn't have to over-act, as there's already a natural enactment of dramatic forward movement in natural Biblical surroundings. Also Jewison's Pilate seems more anguished and more terrifying--and also not over-acted.  And Jewison's Herod is scarier.  So that even beyond its unforgettable swooping jet fighters and its tanks, to me Jewison's is the more dramatic and convincing, and therefore intense and artful, evocation of this great play of Jesus' final week and Passion.
B000059R8Y|4.0|I'm about as close to a blues purist as you could get. My favorite Clapton recording is the Otis Rush classic &quot;Double Trouble&quot; if that tells you anything and I have thoroughly enjoyed this disc. Like &quot;Slowhand&quot; it is an eclectic collection of songs and if you know that going in, I don't think you will be disappointed. &quot;Got You On My Mind&quot;, &quot;Travelin' Light&quot;, &quot;Come Back Baby&quot;, and &quot;Broken Down&quot; are great at first listen. These tracks fulfill my blues needs. &quot;Travelin&quot; has slide guitar work that is as good as any he has ever done and &quot;Broken Down&quot; in my opinion takes the blues into the future. The other two could have come right off of 'From the Cradle'. Moving on there are several other tracks that grow on you pretty quick, the title track, &quot;Second Nature&quot;, &quot;Superman Inside&quot;, &quot;Don't Let Me Be Lonely&quot; and &quot;Son &amp; Sylvia&quot;.  &quot;Don't Let Me Be Only&quot; is a great example of Clapton's ability to take a pop song and inject it with real blues feeling. Great vocals on this one and just the right amount of guitar work. If I could fault this song any it might be that the background vocals of The Impressions are so smooth they take some of the bite out of it. There are a few other tracks that I haven't mentioned that are good and yes there are a few throw-aways but even Layla had a couple of those. I'm just glad Clapton is still performing and trying to put out good music that is both meaningful to him and enjoyable for his fans and I think he has succeeded with this album.
B000059MEK|4.0|&quot;Discovery&quot; is a good album, not a great album, but rarely is a follow up album a tremendous improvement over its predecesser. I've seen numerous complaints that the album is nothing like &quot;Homework,&quot; their debut album, and I would have to agree with them. This album is not like &quot;Homework,&quot; but in its own respect, do we really want it to be? The great thing about music is that it allows the artists to experiement and try new things. I would rather have an album of new and different music instead of an album full of re-hashed beats that I had already heard three years ago. For pleasentries sake, check out &quot;Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger,&quot; as well as &quot;Aerodynamic&quot; and &quot;Digital Love.&quot; All are great tracks with playful beats and great synths. Don't look for the next generation of &quot;Around the World&quot; and &quot;Da Funk,&quot; you won't find them...but would you really want to?
B000056K04|5.0|The DAVE MATTHEWS BAND sang better songs before, but this album is not so bad after all. The best track in this CD is  &quot;I did it&quot; and &quot;so right&quot;,  I also think that &quot;everyday&quot; is kind of cool. I love this band very much, I still think that they are way cooler than the other bands. This album is not boring but the album before this album had some better songs than this one..but they still manage to make good music....       Keep up the excellent work guys..you are doing just fine.
006016848X|4.0|I can see that I've come late to review contributions so I'll just make a few points:<br />(1) This book is very good but only for couples who have been together exclusively and are trying to make it work well.  I do not feel this book applies towards dating people who are dating other people or who have yet to commit to you.  Yes, some points will help but not all of them;<br />(2) It works really well if you can get the other person to read it and if they agree with it.  If they do not, you're out of luck.  I have known some couples who did this and it worked but have known some others who disagreed with it; and<br />(3) If you like this book, look for his 12 tape series on good relationships.  I forget the exact title but it's sort of advanced steps to the book and you can listen to it in your car while you're driving around.
B000056K04|2.0|I was excited when I heard that DMB was coming out with a new album.  I went out and got it right away.  Now I cant even stand to listen to over half of the songs.  Before These Crowded Streets was a little letdown, but still very good.  This is boring, uninspired, rehash, resting on laurels album.  <br />There are a couple of good tunes in there, but nothing to buy this album for.  If you are in question, pass this one up.  I found U2's and David Gray's albums walked all over this one.  I hope they can do better next time.
B00001NFCY|3.0|This CD is not that bad, I think that they did a better job at their last album. It's just that the songs in this album is so similar, and that makes the songs very boring to hear more than once. If I had to grade this album, I would give it a 6 out of 10, because its not that good. I know that creed is overall a good band, but they can do a better job. This album is not that bad, but it is just not my kind of music.
0446677450|5.0|I am a big fan of RK so take this with a grain of salt if you hate the guys guts.<br />First off, I've been studying money books for almost two years.  Most of them were for the middle class which told you to play it safe and diversify.  Answers were little and fear was great.  Basically, if you had a lot of time, you could at least retire adequately from those books.<br />So then I found RK last May and what a change!  This was exactly what I was looking for: not people who couldn't walk the talk but people who had done it and done it well.  Understand that RK and his wife lost most of their money and had to live with a friend (it's in their second or third book) but there's no shame in this per se as some people feel.  This guy is basically telling you about his mistakes, at the risk of being attacked, and letting you avoid them.<br />I've played CASHFLOW 101 about 30 times and moved on to 202 and have played it about a dozen times now.  THe group I am with is positive and training their minds to see the invisible.  One guy has already started to do r/e deals in Calif and while he is still looking around in a tough  market like the Bay Area, he's moving along.<br />RK's books are really about opening your mind to the possibilities as cliche' as it sounds.  Once you decide to specialize in a particular investment vehicle (i.e. real estate, MLMS, stocks, etc), you will need to get the information from other sources.<br />The important things RK's books do is give you smidgens of various fin. vehicles and, more importantly, teaches you to believe that the possibilities are out there.<br />Let me stress that again: the possibilities ARE out there. The problem is: most Americans have trained their mind to believe there are very few and they cannot get them so they repeat this vicious circle.  That's the biggest problem I've noticed since training my mind and learning.  <br />You've got to believe and you have to start seeing the possibilities: or, seeing the invisibleas RK calls it. Once you start doing that, you're on your way.
B000001Y79|5.0|This is one of the best CD's I have. But I think that they did a better job at their new album, return of saturn. Tragic Kingdom was released in 1995, and now it is 2001, so people still listen to their 6 year ago songs. NO DOUBT'S SONGS NEVER GET OLD!!!!!!THIS BAND ROCKS!!!!!!!I just keep loving their songs more and more and more,,,,and I am sure that I will still keep listening to TRAGIC KINGDOM EVEN IF I HAD IT FOR 6 YEARS NOW....     You are doing great guys....KEEP UP THE EXCELLENT WORK!!!!
0788811355|5.0|Anthony Minghella's adaption of the novel by Michael Ondaggte, is proof that directors nowadays can still produce beautiful epic romances. This has everything a great movie can ask for and it deserved every single Oscar it was nominated for (sadly no Best Actor win for Ralph Fiennes).  It's a quite complicated, yet simple, story about an English archaeologist (Fiennes) and his recollections as his memory and life are leaving him over War World II under the care of an emotionally-challenged nurse (Juliette Binoche, who won the Best Supporting Actress Oscar for this subtle, yet superb thought provoking performance).He remembers the desert, his love for a married woman (Kristen Scott Thomas) and of course, his wrong doings while he was alive.  The movie is made up of flashbacks or shots of beautiful cinematography set up against even more gorgeous music. The performances are all top-notch. Juliette Binoche and Willem Dafoe (as a thumbless thief) are the stand-outs. The only bicker I have about the film is Kristen Scott Thomas's character. She was supposed to be overwhelmingly sensual and deep and if you ignore the acting of Thomas and instead listen to her lines it will prove more effective, but she just seemed shallow and unsexy. She nearly destroyed many of the scenes with Fiennes, but thankfully he covered up her flawed character (that for the most part, was well-written- just the wrong actress.) I would have also liked to see more of the relationship between the nurse and her lover who undoes dangerous bombs. Anyway, the movie in itself is like a sunrise beautiful and slow and meaningful. A true cinematic achievement and hopefully a classic to be remembered... Anthony Minghella is definitely a promising director although I think this magnificent accompolishment will be hard to out do.
B000053SPI|4.0|I was so excited to get this CD becuse we just haven't had that much journey music in the last ten years. Arrival will take about three or four listens but after that you will be hooked on it just like classic journey. Arrival has the best of hard hitting rock songs, and great love ballads that do compare to Open Arms and Faithfully, and of course it has great piano and great solos by Neil. Journey is back and I expect them to get a lot of radio play, the tour is what I'm really excited about-enjoy.
B00002MZ2T|4.0|The name of this duo gives a very different impression than their music does.  They are truly poets.  The music is melodic and rhythmic.  I thought I was too old to get hooked on a new pop group, but these guys are great.
B000002JPA|5.0|At 40 years old (I can't believe I've lived this long already!) I have been actively listening to music for 32 years, and am also a musician as well.  I listen to, and appreciate many different forms of the musical language.  I consider myself well trained and experienced.  At this time in my life I have heard just about everything..<br />But...<br />Images and words impressed more then ANY album from ANY band/recording artist that I can remember of in recent history.  It absolutely stunned me upon my first listening session.  Subsequent sessions beyond just became more and more engaging.  I believe I listened to this CD nonstop for about 18 months straight before I began to even think about becomming saturated.  To this day I still find it as the ULTIMATE metal/progressive CD all time.  I was a HUGE Rush fan in the 70s, and find this Dream Theater album a natural evolutionary step from the early days of Rush.<br />The material is absolutely brilliant, fresh, orginal, yet contains elements reminiscent of ELP, Rush, U2, Metallica, Journey, Kansas, Styx, and many others.  The musicianship is first class, ultimately professional in every sense of the word.  The guitar and keyboard solos are incredible, and every single song on the album is superb.  This is one captavating album that will hold you're attention from beginning to end.<br />I saw Dream Theater live at the Vic theater in Chicago back in 1994. They were touring with this material and their live peformance was nearly identical to the studio recording.  Again I was stunned, and it became apparent to me that these guys were for real!  I accidently ran into John Pet. (guitarists) after the show exiting a rest room at a nearby Dunkin' Donuts.  He was a mere 25 years old then, but found him to be completely modest and very genuine.  We talked for a brief couple of minutes.  Great guy, GREAT BAND.<br />I own over 350 CDs, and this is definetly one of my top 3 favorites.  I just never get tired of hearing it!<br />The only downside I can find is that their following albums were not nearly as good.  Images and Words even for them will be one difficult creation to surpass.<br />A MUST HAVE..Guarnteed to please!!<br />Paul R.
0783114222|5.0|the sheer drama of this series is refreshing and satisfying.  The images and emotions that this fact-based portrayal of the Apollo program conjures up are palpable.  Even those with a marginal interest or less in the space program will bemoved by the heroism and grandeur...well acted and beautifully photographed.  A must have for any familly
014028009X|5.0|I just recently read this book in preparation for the upcoming movie release, and I absolutely laughed out loud. You can absolutely see Bridget jumping off the page as she stumbles through her commitments to her family, career, friends, social life and even her laundry. I hope the movie is as good as the book and I can't wait to see Hugh Grant and Renee Zellweger bring these characters to life.
630170648X|5.0|This is almost a no-brainer.  Jack Benny was one of the funniest men on the planet.  Carole Lombard was one of the funniest (and most beautiful) women on the planet.  Ernst Lubitsch was one of the all-time greatest directors.  How could this miss?<br />The supporting cast is a definitive who's who of character actors who collectively make the film more than the sum of it's parts. Try and control your hysterical laughter or you'll miss the next joke. Watch how Lubitsch turned Nazis into props for his gags.  Better yet, watch this film back to back with Casablanca and compare how the different approaches made completely opposite films with reasonably similar subject matter.  Hopefully they'll release this one on DVD some day.
B000056VIY|1.0|Jennifer Lopez is back with weak vocals and all.  Her first single &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot; peaked at No.3 on the Hot 100 Billboard Chart.....WHY!!!!!!<br />When you have Deborah Gibson back with a fantastic album &quot;M.Y.O.B.&quot;, a single from the same name with strong vocals, hooks, and dancebeats that will get you on the dance floor moving your booty.<br />This just eludes me when a woman like Jennifer Lopez has a recording contract and can sell records.<br />I wish she would just stick to her acting career, Jennifer your vocals are just lost in over produced mish mash music.<br />This album is just a bomb....Recommendation try Deborah Gibsons &quot;MYOB&quot;, you will not be disappointed, with the first killer R &amp; B track &quot;What You Want&quot; to the pop dance infection of &quot;Your Secret&quot; to her next killer single &quot;MYOB&quot;, Deborah Gibson should be getting all the attention not Jennifer Lopez or to her latin/black audience J.Lo, what next just J.?<br />Puuuuuuuuuuhlease!
B00005067B|5.0|I own this box, however I didn't buy it from Amazon, as there was no editorial review so I didn't know what is was all about. Can't Amazon list what this is about ? I found it in a shop in Berlin. Also why can't I find this product at Amazon.co.uk or Amazon.de ??<br />Anyway a lovely box set to own!!!!
B00003CXMG|5.0|I want to be Cameron Crowe.  He is able to capture every emotion and display it in the most subtle of moments.  The point in 'Almost Famous' where William sees Penny leave at the airport and you see him grow up and understand what it really is that is leaving him, left me breathless.   Billy Crudup's performance, especially the scene in which he and Patrick Fugit visit the Topeka party, made me forget that he was in a movie with Jewel. My only complaint would be the under utilization of the one and only Banky, Brodie, Fletch: Jason Lee.  Why can't we get a starring role for him that does not put him up against David Schwimmer.
B00003OSTK|5.0|this movie was made in the very early 30s and the first of its kind, casting five of mgms greatest stars in the one movie. Grand Hotel chronicles about three night in the berlin &quot;Grand Hotel&quot; and with it comes attempted suicide, murder, and sex. Garbo, who doesnt appear for some twenty minutes, is a depressed and lonely ballerina and is considering suicide, only to be interrupted by hotel thief John Gilbert. Joan Crawford is a sophisticated stenographer who has many other qualities, and recieves the interest of several gentle men, enter wallace barry. <br />the production won a well deserved oscar for best picture and although its onscreen technology is dated, it is still interesting to watch.<br />Garbo, as ever, steals the picture with her very presence, nmaking the role her very one, but is challenged by the luminous joan crawford who sparkles with enthusiasm. John Gilbart is miscast as an irritating thhief with a large dollap of sarcasm, although it is meant to be sincerity.<br /> Overall this will not dissapoint!!!!
0070511136|5.0|I'm a sales trainer/consultant and see a lot of sales people in action. This book is at the top of my recommended reading list for clients. Rackham set out to figure out why a small percent of sales people are consistently more successful than the majority of sales people - and he reveals one of the most important keys to effective selling (or communication of any kind) in this book. Still most sales people don't do what he suggests. The teacher will appear when the student is ready. If you sell, you have to know what Rackham's research reveals. But then you have to master the skills to make it happen. So read this book, but don't stop there!
B00003OSTN|5.0|mildred pierce was first of all, for me anyway, slightly confusing, as you will well see as soon as you watch it, but come the second third fourth etc time you see it you will love it!<br />It opens mysteriously as a man is shot unmercifully six times, says mildred and dies. Crawford runs from the house but is later arrested, and soon begins to recount her story on the lead up to the incident.<br />This is a fasinating soao opera style movie with some brilliant acting, the leads are overshadowed by crawfords maternal airness yet brewing below confidence and courage. Her spoiled daught is terrific and mildreds friend and co-worker is perfectly comical, on her hate hate hate attitude towards men, look as she goes to bite mildreds banker!!!<br />this was the only oscar (and well deserved) for Crawford, as well as being nominated for 5 other awards, including best picture and two best supporting actresses.
B000003S2O|5.0|In his liner notes for ON LAND, Brian Eno explains that the film AMACORD (I REMEMBER) by F. Fellini influences the creation of this music.  At first I was shocked, being that the music of the Fellini film were more like Nino Rota's carnival/circus marches than anything ambient or as free flowing as AMBIENT 4: ON LAND.  But after thinking about it, I realized that the influence of the Italian film on this record had more to do with content, with the nature of memory, with a sense of time and place and its relationship to childhood.  The track titles alone give a clue as to what is going on here.  Some of them are places that Eno remembers from his past, others are places that he never visited but their names alone create a certain...well, ambience...in his imagination.  The other track that he cites is &quot;He Loved Him Madly&quot; by Miles Davis, from the GET UP WITH IT album.  On that track ,you can here the use of studio space, the spatial emptiness between the instruments, the solemn pace, the sparse use of horn notes, that influenced the sound of ON LAND.<br />This album was originally part of a series.  AMBIENT ONE is MUSIC FOR AIRPORTS.  AMBIENT TWO is a collaboration with Harold Budd, the avant-garde pianist.  AMBIENT THREE was by an Indian musician named Laraaji.  I've heard speculation that Eno's Apollo album was considered AMBIENT FIVE, but regardless, there is a whole family of Eno albums, many of them collaborations with Harold Budd or Jon Hassell, that exhibit the ambient formula as Eno concocted it in the late 70's and early 80's. But few of them come close to ON LAND in terms of sheer power and ideas.  This is a haunting, brilliant and timeless album of beauty and depth.  Just make sure you play it with appropriate speaker placement.
B000006V5H|5.0|As one of Australia's best known and most popular male vocalists, John Farnham has a unique vocal quality that has grown and developed along with his fans from his first single, Sadie the Cleaning Lady to his latest hit.<br />There wouldn't be one person in Australia who doesn't know of this artist or who doesn't have an opinion about his vocal qualities. John Farnham is a home grown product of the Australian music industry who has achieved tremendous success and popularity over some thirty years.<br />The problem with Farnham is that he gets better and better and it never ceases to amaze me how he can continue to come up with new material and develop his vocal qualities further. His performances on stage are supurb and his ability to involve the audiences ensures that concert goers receive value for money. He is simply brilliant and must be heard. His albums succeed with or without on air play by radio stations. Such is his talent and popularity that his admirers just keep buying his albums.<br />Farnham has the capacity to turn all his albums to top selling albums, such is the admiration and respect his has earned from his audiences in Australia and overseas. What ever your likes in music, one thing is certain, listening to John Farnham will send chivers down your spine and make you yearn for more. He is simply Brialliant.<br />If you haven't experienced his music, you haven't experienced music.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I only knew a few Beatles songs before I bought this album. It is such a great album to listen to. If you are interested in their music, then this CD is definitely for you. I really thought that the whole album was worth the money that I paid for it. It has about 27 great songs on it! Unfortunately, there is not many albums that have 27 songs on one single CD! Another great thing about this album is that there is not one bad song on it! My favorite songs are &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;,&quot;Hard Days Night&quot;, and &quot;Eight Days A Week&quot;.
B000002B7W|5.0|I am 17 and a guitaraholic. if you love guitar than this is a must have. this album fully capture's Randys true genius. first of which is the solo after suicide solution, an incredible compilation of his faverite excerpts from his past solo's meshed with new innovative licks. next is the perfomance of revelation mother earth, if you listen to the studio version you well notice that almost the entire song has multiple guitar parts, so in the live version Randy picks and chooses the most important parts and puts them together to give the full impresion of the song, simply genius, taking a 4 guitar peice and arranging it for one? this album is packed with proof of his genius. if you love crazy guitar check out racer x.
B00001NFCY|5.0|If you thought &quot;My Own Prison&quot; was good, wait till you get a-load of this.  There is more intesity and power to this album than the first, an plays like a sequal to a movie.  In the first part(&quot;My Own Prison&quot;) we have a person who has nothing left, and finds redemption.  In the second,(&quot;Human Clay&quot;) we have that same person dealing with people who he feels are gainst him, and asks, Why do we hate?  What I find interesting about thie album is the fact that Creed has gone from hard rock, to heavy-metal.  &quot;What If&quot; is pure, raw, power about a person dealing with people who cheated him.  &quot;Beautiful&quot; is about a how beauty can be deseaving.  &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot; is Scott Stapp's touching, personal tribute to his unbron son.  &quot;Higher&quot; the highlight of the album is about a man searching for heaven and thinking about what happens when he gets there.  &quot;Inside Us All&quot; is a moving song about belonging.  These are my personal faves of the album.  You won't be disappointed by Creed's new album.  How could you?
B000059R8Y|1.0|What's wrong with you people? I've never seen so many undeserved five star ratings in my life. Actually, I must confess--after listening to the audio clips &amp; with the disappointing bitterness of &quot;Pilgrim&quot; still fresh in my mind, I won't even buy this CD. I never thought I would say that, as I am a huge fan. I own everything Clapton has ever recorded (from The Yardbirds to &quot;Riding With the King&quot;) including many compilations. The realization of what he is capable of makes it impossible for me to suffer through this sort of dribble any longer.<br />Eric, if you are listening: don't be misled by Grammys or the thin veneer of  adoration from gushing &quot;fans&quot;. Neither of these groups recognized &quot;Layla&quot; for the classic that it would soon become; in fact, they've been pretty much oblivious to everything you've recorded up until &quot;MTV Unplugged&quot;. <br />You've been blessed with a tremendous talent. Use it or lose it (or at least start using a pseudonym).
B00004XONN|2.0|First of of all, I am a big fan of Radiohead (see my reviews of&quot;OK Computer&quot; and &quot;The Bends&quot;) so I knew to expect something very different since they never have repeated themselves. Nothing could have prepared me for this hodgepodge.(And yes, I did listen to it many times) It's not a complete washout though. &quot;How To Disappear Completely And Never Be Found&quot; and &quot;Optimistic&quot; are very good tracks but for the most part,Thom Yorke sings flat, off key and mumbles (he's always mumbled a bit) his lyrics. This is most annoying since he is a very capable singer He takes his voice into territory where it clearly doesn't belong. He also got a bit excessive on &quot;OK Computer&quot; but the overall brilliance of that record redeemed him. Overall, I don't feel this record is really ground breaking. It seems to draw heavilly on the ambient sounds of Brian Eno. &quot;How To Disappear&quot; smacks of Pink Floyd's pre &quot;Dark Side Of The Moon&quot; era. I guess what really ruins it for me are the nasal, off key and at times, uninteligeble vocals. All this aside, Radiohead has been and will more than likely continue to be one of the most creative musical forces to emerge in the 90's...
0684853523|5.0|I read this book so quickly, but I didn't want it to end. It was like having an intimate conversation with the author. My writer's block is gone, and I'm very inspired to dive back into my writing. He makes the mechanics of writing an easier read. Not like it is in school. Not only am I excited about writing again, but now I wish that Steve and I could be buddies. He is so interesting. When I finished the book, it was like saying goodbye to a friend.
B000002U9E|5.0|This album along with 1989's &quot;The Sensual World&quot; represents Kate at her finest. The madness of &quot;The Dreaming&quot; (1982) was just a bit too much for me in parts. Here is where she took similar concepts and instrumentaion and made them much more coherent. The production is over the top but works beautifuly. Listening to this on headphones is astounding. &quot;The Ninth Wave&quot; is an emotionally charged concept piece. It's such a subjective experience that it would be difficult for me to describe it to anyone who has not yet heard it.  This is also the record that finally got Kate some real notice in the U.S. It made it into the top 25 for a spell in 1985.<br />In the 80's, Bush was just about as influential as Joni Mitchell was in the 70's. The  early recordings of Sarah McLachlan, Sinead O'Connor, Jane Sibbery, as well as Tori Amos bear witness to her influence.  If you love any of those singers and have yet to experience Kate, this is a wonderfull starting point.  Also, the import version with the extra tracks (mainly b sides)    is well worth the extra money.
B000006TRV|5.0|ok, i am only 16 and i have listened to pink floyd only for teh past three months. i like all kinds of music including rap, rock and the occasional r&amp;b.  but anyways, i went to best buy adn was looking thru some dvds and saw this one call The Wall.  i looked for teh two disc set and bought it off of blind faith.  crazy i know cuz it costs like 25 bux.  but i got it home, with my mother questioning why i bought it.  i told her they were like the smashing pumpkins, who i also listen to until they recently broke up.  i popped the disc(s) into my 5 disc changer and played it till i slept.  it is a beautiful album.  both discs are filled with tripped out and completely relaxing music. i am hooked and plan to buy a couple more pink floyd cds with some bday money.  now i can listen to something with  my dad without him hating the music.  it is very good, and i appreciate it greatly.  one of the best albums and the best 30 bux i ever spent
B00000JPH0|5.0|This was a war that the Soviet Union waged on Finland in the winter of 1939 to gain access to a port.  They got quite a shock when they were met by extremely stiff resistance.  This movie chronicles a group of friends who go together to the front to fight.  This is a tough bunch of guys, but they never lose their humanity, like most of the nazi soldiers did.  The Soviet forces were lacking leadership due to the fact that Stalin had decimated their ranks in one of his insane paranoid murderous purges.  This is the war that convinced Hitler that the Soviets would crumble when his army attacked them.  The film does have a kind of washed out, grainy look, a little more than Saving Private Ryan did, but that didn't detract from the movie.  It kind of emphasized the bleakness those men were facing.  This movie has great battle action sequences, and I'll bet if there were environmentalists on the set, they'd have all had heart attacks because of the number of trees that were destroyed by tanks and artillary.  This movie isn't hampered by contrived plots, like SPR, or unnecessary love triangles, like what is in Enemy at the Gates (which is a good movie in every other respect).  The only quibble I have with this movie is that the subtitles were sometimes hard to read and the English wasn't always correct (but that was kind of comical).
B000003S0R|3.0|As a dabbler in music (a word that John Cale used for his pop/rock recordings) Eno started out treating instruments others would play as a member of Roxy Music, but was asked to leave as Eno's popularity started to overshadow Ferry's. His first solo outings are characterized by non-sensical lyrics (that make much sense on repeated hearing) and rock/pop instruments, complemented with various striking (avant-garde) novelties, that would make Eno one of the most influential (non-) musicians in the history of popular music.<br />i understand that many people would favour Eno's rock/pop releases over his ambient outings, yet i fail to understand how true Eno admirers would rate his rock/pop albums as high as i've seen people do.<br />To me Eno's rock/pop albums of the past and present fail(ed) to appeal to me 10 years after initial purchase. i first bought &quot;Taking tiger mountain... (by strategy) when i was about 14 or 15 years old. Nowadays; after thoroughly researching Eno, albums such as &quot;Music for films&quot;, &quot;Ambient 1: Music for airports&quot;, &quot;Ambient 4: On land&quot;, &quot;Apollo - atmospheres and soundtracks&quot; and &quot;Thursday afternoon&quot; are standout albums to me that will probably last me a lifetime.<br />Many reviewers have commented to ignore those that do not grant this album a five star rating and that those that do grant this album less than a five star rating, clearly haven't understood the album's content. i understand this album from A - Z, yet Eno's verbal rantings are far less interesting to me than Eno's '75 - '85 era recordings (excluding AGW, BaAS and the Cluster &amp; Eno collaborations) or his production work in this particular period.
1559351209|3.0|I bought this CD version of TLOTR in order to introduce the story to my wife as we went on a road trip from Texas to Colorado a few years ago.<br />Although both this and The Hobbit were true to the original story, the dramatization (apparently done by the BBC) was poor and lacked emotion. The audio value is bad, with volume problems. The music was at best loud, at worse bothersome.<br />Still, we listened to it, and my wife was introduced to two classics of literature.<br />(this review is for the boxed, CD recording of the books)
B000056K04|4.0|i didn't know what to expect from this album. I get alot of mixed reviews about this album. I think that this is a really good album! If you read the Rolling Stone article, I think that you will understand where DMB is coming from. It is not as good as their previous work but it's still a good album. if you are a true dmb fan, i think that you will agree with me.
0553050613|4.0|Mark wrote about what the street smart manager should do instead of following the work taught in business school.<br />He teach you about making impression, sales technique and negotiation skill, which I think, the business school hardly ever  taught its students.<br />I learn alot from the book.
B000002JB8|5.0|I have been a fan of Vangelis since the album Spiral.  I own all of his CD's.  This one has a broken jewel case, dog-eared liner and radiates heat from the laser that reads it continuously!  Of all his CD's, I beleive this to be the most inspired, creative work to date.  A musician in every sense of the word, he certainly understands me when I say, Bravo!  You have finally melded life and sound into one CD.  It goes without saying that this is highly recommended and the acme of his discography.
B000001FRY|4.0|It is no doubt to me that U2 is in the pantheon of the greatest bands ever. The are one of the only bands ever to successfully change their sound while never sacrificing the message or meaningfulness of their material. It is with 'Boy' that their road to superstardom began, and it is a career opener that is definately a big bang.<br />You can tell that these are definately 'Boy's playing. Each track is high on punk-flavoured energy and are full of youthful exhuberance. Bono's lyrics tell the tales of youth, of new and often painful experiances that help ready the boy to become a man. Starting off with 'I Will Follow', a rock-hymn to Bono's mother who passed away when he was young, 'Boy' continues the 'wide-eyed youngster&quot; motif with such standout tracks as 'Twilight', 'Out of Control' and 'Stories for Boys'. Collectively the album is a look at the world through the eyes of a child, one who sees life's darker parts and tries to make sense out of them.<br />The music itself is awesome. Already you can hear the beginnings of Edge's distinct minimalist guitar parts, and even then Adam and Larry made a great rhythm section. Of course, the music isn't great; back then the band relied on repetitive chords and simplistic structures, but the seeds of greatness can be seen early in this album.<br />'Boy' is the first released album from U2, and should definately be picked up to see how fine artists grow from such meager beginnings.
6304119046|3.0|I think this movie was super technologically speaking, however the plot left little to be desired.  Kane had a very complex inner struggle going on inside him that takes a little thought to fully understand.  While Kane was very young (8, I think) his mother sent him out west with a very large inheritance comming in the future.  It was during this scene that the father gets angry with Charles and says he needs a whippin'.  I think this is the most important scene in the entire movie because it tells so much of Charles' life until this point.       We all know that the early years of a childs' development means so much, it literally can predetermine a childs life.  It was very evident that Charles had an abusive father.  The mother even says she is sending him away, &quot;...so you [dad] can not hurt him.&quot;  His father gave him very little, if any love at all.         At the same time, his mother is giving him away.  I have no idea how Charles took this, but nevertheless, he was never able to fully &quot;experience a mothers love.&quot;  I think a child needs a life-time of loving, and even then, still longs to be loved more.          Charles had no control of his mother sending him away, which I think accounts for his obsessive urge to control everything around him, including his wives.  Their leaving makes his inner struggle even more complex.        Now, I think I'll bring in a little of the technologigal side of the film here because it adds so much to this theme.  Notice that when Charles' mother is signing him away he is dwarfed by the camera.  Then when his second wife leaves him, he is pictured larger than life.  In both instances, he has no control.         Because the film centers around Kane's last word &quot;Rosebud,&quot; perhaps this theme is often overlooked.  In reality the sled symbolizes little, it is only necessary for one-time, lazy viewers.  Those who watch a film and do not search any deeper than what is told and shown to them on the screen.In my opinion if they had never revealed what the rosebud meant, I would have been just as satisfied with the film.        Much more could be said about the film and all other elements of it, so I look foreward to reading all future reviews.
B00001SIES|5.0|i bought this cd after seeing the &quot;muscle museum&quot; video on mtv about a year ago. although i enjoyed &quot;showbiz&quot; at that very moment, it takes time to really appreciate this great group. muse is NOT rediohead, muse is much more interesting and unusual! the songs are so well written that it's hard to believe how young the author is. now i can see and hear a lot of very different influences that the band probably had, and, speaking of music, they go much further than any brit-pop/rock performer. i recommend that you buy their singles even if you already have the title songs on the album - the b-sides are exellent and uncover a whole lot more about muse. also, try listening to their live recordings - you'll see what i'm talking about - these guys are REALLY good.
B00004XMV6|5.0|All i have to say is this was one of the best erotic movies of the 80's.
0553573403|5.0|A game of thrones is one of the best fantasy novels out there; one that actually shows the author actually can write, and isn't just using fantasy to make the job of writing easier. The characters live, the characters die; some are jerks, some are overly good; but none of them are just that. None of the characters are one sided; almost all of them show something from another side; (though there are some, mainly lesser characters, who are only one thing. Talking about the main characters). And it's apart of a series of novels that don't leave you flat, leave you asking the writer: why can't he write as good as he did the first time? The whole series is wonderful; and if you read more, you can see the fleshing out of characters in novel two that you rarely even register in novel one. He builds on characters, and builds; and sometimes he tears them down. The people in Thrones are my friends and they are my enemies; almost all of them I wanted to live or die; not because I was tired of them but because I hated what they had done. I cared. So will you, if you give it a chance.
B000053SPI|4.0|For a Journey fan who couldn't wait for the U.S. release to come out, I decided to buy this album. The band's timeless songwriting comes out in this Japanese import that is very similar to the layout of the U.S. version. The only difference between these 2 albums is that the import has a track called &quot;I'm Not That Way&quot;. The track in itself is rather weak, but it is a relaxing, melodic song that one might want to fall asleep to, or relax with a loved one.  Other songs are absolute Journey classics, such as &quot;Higher Place&quot;, &quot;All The Way&quot;, and &quot;I Got A Reason&quot;. A noticeable classic is &quot;Signs Of Life&quot; in which the guitarist, Neal Schon, inserts part of a familiar solo from their 1981 hit, &quot;Who's Crying Now&quot;. The absolute best song is saved for last with &quot;To Be Alive Again&quot;, a fantastic rockin' song that is motivational and inspirational. Throughout the album, Journey shows its creativity with parts of songs done acoustically and other songs written with a hint of blues riffs, a Neal Schon trademark.  All in all, this album is a definite &quot;must-buy&quot; for rabid Journey fans who cannot wait for the U.S. version. However, since the U.S. version has two new songs that are supposed to be fast-paced, the average fan might want to wait for April 3.
0790729407|5.0|Michael Collins is a great movie on DVD.  As would be expected on the DVD format the picture and sound quality are excellent.  This movie is wonderful because it shows the contradictory nature of this great and complex man.  In once sense caring and friendly but also tough and ruthless when nessisary.  This movie also showcases the struggle for Irish freedom from the British Empire.  This is a powerful and important movie for all those interested in the history of the Irish republic and the stuggle for freedom that goes on to this very day.  The DVD version is esspecially important because it has a documentry of the real Michael Collins himself and a history of the Irish resistance from the Irish Volunteers, the IRB to the IRA.  This DVD is a must have.
0679441018|4.0|THE VAMPIRE CHRONICALS ARE THE MOST CAPTIVATING, STORIES OF VAMPIRES I'VE EVER READ. I LOVE LOUIS AND LESTATE,DAVID, CLAUDIA, AND ARMAND. MEMNOCH, FOR ME WAS A BIT EXCITING IN THE BEGINING, THEN GOT SLOWER AS MEMNOCH TOOK LESTATE INTO DIFFERENT PARTS OF TIME. I HOPE TO READ MORE ABOUT THE VAMPIRES SOON BUT CAN WAIT TO HEAR ANY MORE ABOUT MEMNOCH.
B000058983|5.0|With &quot;Forever Changes&quot;, Love realized the potential obvious in their first albums, &quot;Love&quot; and &quot;Da Capo&quot;, and created a musical document quite unlike anything else coming out of LA at the time.  I've heard the album referred to as paradoxical, but I can't agree with that.  True, the album has a real dichotomy to it -- delicate, horn-rich instrumentation on &quot;Alone Again Or&quot; and &quot;Old Man&quot; coexists with forceful guitars on the Jimi Hendrix-influenced &quot;Bummer in the Summer&quot;; obtuse, even psychedelic, lyrics form an excellent balance with the type of direct, forward lyrics with which Love made their initial reputation -- but the diverging elements complement each other, creating an album both pastoral and urban, wistful yet (still in 2001) current.  Arthur Lee's vocals were never more controlled and full of range than on &quot;Forever Changes&quot;.  Some of the writing on the album probably foreshadows Lee's subsequent emotional and psychological meltdowns, but as ever, that's only speculation.  Forever Changes is a triumphant record (just listen to the horns at the end of &quot;You Set the Scene&quot;) that transcends the 60s in a way that other &quot;classics&quot; of that time do not.  Surely, this flowing, glimmering document was Love's finest moment.
6304795254|4.0|The first time I saw this movie, I did not know what to expect and it was quite a thrill ride. The second time I saw this movie, a long time after my first time, It was frankly, a thrill ride.  With plots and twists that seem predictable but come out of nowhere at times, the pacing of this film is well done. Technically, its up there with brilliance in the editing department ,especially sound editing. Visually, it is arresting for its flair and use of colors in situations where an ambience and atmosphere needed. Plot wise I would have liked to see more of a connection of the main character's thoughts about his father linked to the actual game that was happening. A morose ending of this movie would have been boredom and it felt anticlimatic but what could a viewer ask? you watch this movie and find out. David Fincer hasn't made a name for himself for nothing.
B000059R8Y|5.0|Having read some of the medias reviews prior to listening to this release, I was aprehensive to say the least.  Could they be right?  Could EC have thrown a curve that missed the plate?  The answer came quickly!  The reviewers have a whole different taste than I do when it comes to EC.  This album is &quot;the stuff&quot;.  It is the exactly what I was hoping for as a follow up to Pilgrim.  As far as I am concerned, this is another step up for an artist who continues to prove that he is one of the GREATS! This is one cd which is already in jepardy of being worn out.  In only 2 weeks of play.  How do I REALLY feel about it?  It ROCKS!!
B000055ZB8|3.0|This could have been a beautiful, artistic, provocative movie recommended to anyone who loves the cinema. Instead, it is an artistic failure! The &quot;avantgarde&quot; score (imagine bongos, bells and synethesizers!)  provided by The Silent Orchestra (should have stayed that way!) is distracting, cacophonous, and woefully out-of-sync with the visuals.  For the best results, turn off the sound until the more traditional organ score returns. Better yet, purchase the DVD version of The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari to see a bona fide artistic masterpiece, that masterfully integrates the audio with the visual!
B00003CWL6|1.0|I agree; the movie was absolutely disgusting.  It was revolting to see a middle-aged man go gaga for a highschool cheerleader.  The way it was presented in the movie was disturbing.  I just couldn't get over that part.  It is inconceivable to think that people thought that part was funny and liked the movie, not to mention that it won awards.  In the theatre, many women were expressing their distaste for the movie.  Save your money.
B00003CX95|5.0|It is worth buying for Mel Gibson's directors comments. They are very insightful.
0553288105|5.0|It is yet another homage to the versatility and ability of the author that he can write so well on a wide variety of topics.  Whereas the Foundation series deals mainly with the workings of history and the nature of humanity, The Gods Themselves is a study in physical sciences and alien culture.  Asimov excells in both areas; particularly notable is the creativity of his alien species, which if not technically flawless, is at least reflective of a very effective foray into biology.  The character of Dua is very strong and shows a depth of emotion and feeling in her fear of losing her individuality. In addition, the physics presented in the novel is fascinating, especially the prospect of alternate universes that contain starkly different natural laws.
B000056VIY|1.0|Ms. Lopez may be a good actress no doubt. However, as a singer, she falls short &amp; is not the singing &quot;Diva&quot; some categorize her as. Let's give credit where credit is due. She hides her voice behind her backups which in turn drown her voice. She has no singing talent, therefore, she should stay in tune with her acting career. She has influenced those in the music industry, including her ex-beau &quot;Puffy&quot; Thanks to him &amp; other talented music producers, her albums have been successful. They are the ones that write the songs, her backups sing great as opposed to her squeaky voice. For those crying out &quot;Haters&quot; or criticizing the opinions of others, let's not go as far as name calling. Afterall, everyone is entitled to their own opinions including yours. Whomever enjoys her singing, more power to you. As for those who enjoy real singing, buy the real albums. Music is beautiful when it is performed by a good singing artist.
B00004UEDR|5.0|I'm from the UK and every review i read for this film gave really bad review but i was pleasantly surprised. Sandra Bullock pulls of this part brillantly and this film touched me in a big way. With the comedy of Gerhardt it made me laugh but also made me cry at the end. i totally recommend this movie u wont be disappointed
0684853523|5.0|When my brother gave this book to me for Christmas, he said it was &quot;a risky gift,&quot; because I hadn't read Stephen King since high school.  Well, the risk paid off.  I've read dozens of books on writing, and especially on the craft of creative writing, and I think that King's efforts strike the perfect balance between knowledgeable, literate advice and a crash course in the very practical concerns that can make or break a writer.<br />What shines brightest for me, in &quot;On Writing,&quot; is the very serious treatment of the craft as hard labor.  King makes no bones about the sheer determination and effort that the task requires, and readers will come away with a better sense of whether they themselves feel up to it.  Part of this attention to the work behind the works involves the act of careful re-writing, and here King's advice is also invaluable.  He points out common trouble spots--and often, in a very un-self-conscious manner, points them out in his own writing--for writers: overused adverbs, unnecessary description and narration, etc.  Beginning writers as well as seasoned veterans can, if they follow King's advice, make their prose more economical and capable of greater immediate punch.<br />And then there's the moving section on his accident, and how writing ultimately helped him to move beyond it.  It's a perfect ending to a beautiful and timely book--often deeply personal, often collegially frank yet encouraging--on what I believe to be the most important craft.
6304117302|5.0|I just recently viewed the movie for the first time during my U.S History class. Since then I have watched the movie five times in as many days. The movie is historically accurate for the most part when dealing with the war itself. The scenery was breathtakingly beautiful and the music chosen was neutral for the time period and accented the major events of the movie. The ability of the movie to convey the wordless love between Uncas(Eric Schweig) and Alice(Jodhi May) was absolutely amazing. The cast was well chosen, even if Madeleine Stowe(Cora Munro) had an on-again-off-again accent. Wes Studi(Magua) played the avenging Huron to perfection creating understanding of his wishes to kill Munro, but yet a frightful savage. As for Daniel Day-Lewis(Hawkeye) I don't feel I can say anything that hasn't been said before. The scene I found the most emotional was during the fight between Magua and Uncas, and then when Alice is making her decision. Great acting, historical accuracy, a wonderful soundtrack and breathtaking scenery made this movie overly enjoyable and emotional. I recommend it to most people, however those who have no desire to try and understand the history behind the movie or the subtle pieces that are expected to be picked up on probably shouldn't watch this movie. Also if you expect an exact replica of the book you won't find it in this movie. END
B00004DTLJ|5.0|BY FAR THE BEST SAXON ALBUM EVER! STEVE 'DOBBY' DAWSON'S LAST ALBUM WITH THE BAND AND SO FAR HIS FINEST MATERIAL. FULL OF CLASSIC SAXON TRACKS BUT UNFORTUNATELY THE LAST, PROVING DOBBY'S INFLUENCE ON THE BAND. THE CLASSICS 'ROCK AND ROLL GYPSY, BACK ON THE STREETS AND BROKEN HEROES' HAVE AND WILL ALWAYS STAND THE TEST OF TIME. UNFORTUNATELY THE BANDS SUCCESS AND POPULARITY WAINED AFTER THIS. HOPEFULLY, OLIVER/DAWSON SAXON CAN CONTINUE THE HITS FROM THIS POINT. UNFORTUNATELY THE LAST OF THE CLASSIC SAXON ALBUMS. A MUST!!!!
B000056N8X|4.0|From The Monitor<br />Highlander: Endgame is simply marvelous.   Three reasons make Highlander: Endgame worth the purchase.  One: the sword fighting is phenomenal.  Two: the casting is bullseye.  Three: the plot is fierce, epic, and eternal.   What makes for good sword fighting?  It doesn't take much to satisfy me: shiny swords, dexterous movements, precise sound, and battles ending in decapitation.  All of these qualities glow throughout each delicately choreographed fight scene.<br />Christopher Lambert (relic from previous Highlander films) who plays Connor MacLeod, Adrian Paul who plays Duncan MacLeod, and Bruce Payne who performs the role of the odious Jacob Kell fit their parts like snug socks.  Lambert and Paul, being familiar with the Highlander theme, (as Paul played on the television series), bring experience and familiarity to the silver screen.  Also, for longtime Highlander followers, seeing the two MacLeods together for the first time is sure to be enchanting.<br />The plot is thick.  Connor and Duncan are highlanders; that is, they are from the highlands of Scotland.  As well as being highlanders, they are immortals.  Kell is also an immortal.   Immortals cannot die unless they are decapitated.  Once an immortal lops off another's head, the \\"quickening\\" takes place.  A quickening is a transfer of one's power to their slayer.  For this reason, most existing immortals are in a rat race for power, and thus the credo, \\"there can be only one.\\"  Their intention is to go about killing until none remain.  <br />Kell forms a cadre of immortals to destroy all immortals, as well as anybody close to or loved by Connor MacLeod.  Kell's reason is a revenge that dates back to the 16th century when Connor killed Kell's unarmed father during a mad attempt to free his own mother-who was being prosecuted by Kell's father-from burning at the stake.  Knowing he cannot fight the most mighty Kell alone, Connor confronts Duncan, a long time friend to decide a course of action to eliminate Kell.  It sounds confusing, but it all comes together rather nicely, like a finished patchwork quilt.<br />If you're looking to get away from the hassles of your everyday life, the sweltering outside heat, or need a vacation from your jejune office job, take a 2hour sabbatical at your nearest movie theatre and get lost in Highlander: Endgame.  It's a science-fiction/fantasy and serves as a nice break from reality.  Bon appetite.
B000000ORX|5.0|Standing alone, removed from the context of the entire body of her work, Joni Mitchell's &quot;Night Ride Home&quot; deserves to be regarded for what it is - a stunning array of ten beautiful melodies, embellished by lavish harmonies and counterpoints, all delivered through the medium of her intoxicating, confident and finely honed voice. The vocals are set in a spare but artfully arranged instrumental background of acoustic guitar, bass and  percussion, with just a dash of keyboards and winds where appropriate. The lyrics cover a mixed bag of topics, with social commentaries (incest, greed, economic exploitation and an adaptation of a Yeats poem about the apocaplyptic consequences of the loss of moral centers) alternating with recurring  &quot;Fountain of Youth&quot; reminiscences of magical romantic moments past.  Whether Mitchell is a worthy poet or painter may be debated by poets and painters - but there can be little doubt about her status as the outstanding lyricist in the world of popular music. This album is all Joni - the melody writer, the singer, the musician, the lyricist and the person.<br />But &quot;Night Ride Home&quot; is perhaps even more interesting within the context of her journey as a musical artist. In her early albums, the young Mitchell developed the basic skills - &quot;words and music&quot; writing, intrumental and confessional - that would culminate in her first masterpiece. &quot;Blue&quot; was puctuated by exquisite melody writing, on top of her own musical accompaniment. There was little vocal harmony, and only a smattering of instumental help (except for a little James Taylor and Stephen Stills). The question was, where could she go from there? &quot;For the Roses&quot; was a fine album, featuring a bit more accompaniment and even two successful injections of traditional orchestration, but it could not exceed Blue, and therefor could not equal it (since it came on its heels).<br />Gradually, Joni made the committment to expand her musical horizons, mixing Tom Scott's 'semi-jazz' into her equation in the commercially successful &quot;Court and Spark&quot; and even more intensely into her experimental &quot;Hissing of Summer Lawns&quot;. The latter album was less popular, and no doubt confused many of her fans (including this one) and most music critics, unable to keep up with the pace of her musical advancement. &quot;Hissing&quot; had some misses, but it would be received far better by fans and critics as time passed, and proved to be the transition to her second masterpiece, &quot;Hejira&quot;.<br />Hejira, released only five years after Blue, represented almost a complete transformation in musical style from Blue. The soaring, expansive melodies of Blue had yielded to more tightly knit, almost narrative melody and lyrical lines in Hejira, and the musical accompaniment - a sort of fusion jazz punctuated by Mitchell's unique stylistic variations on the guitar - took center stage. The confessional lyrics were largely gone - while still personal, their emphasis reflected more the emptiness of one in search rather than joy of new love or the anguish of heartbroken separation. With this transformation, Mitchell lost some old followers (in my case, it was twenty years later that I woke up to the album, finally able to absorb the beauty of the instrumentation) but gained some new ones who were more jazz-oriented.<br />Yet Mitchell was not yet finished with her move in the direction of jazz-oriented exploration. With &quot;Don Juan's Reckless Daughter&quot; and &quot;Mingus&quot;, she lost most of her original following altogether, even though some of us trusted that she was exploring areas she needed to in order to complete her development as an artist, and realized that it was we who could not yet keep up.<br />The 1980's brought the Larry Klein era, and a move to consolidate the many skills acquired into a new style with a new direction, but still rather heavily jazz-oriented. I have not yet warmedup to the three albums from that decade - perhaps one day I will - but one cannot help but respect Klein's work and its positive influence over time on Mitchell's music.<br />With &quot;Night Ride Home&quot;, however, there is a return to the emphasis on traditional, fluid melody last seen in &quot;Blue&quot;, but this time with much more sophisticated harmonies and counterpoints, and more polished guitar arrangements. And with &quot;Night Ride Home&quot;, Joni has for a second time answered the post-Blue question &quot;where do I go from here?&quot;. She could not hope for a second masterpiece in the style of Blue, but she has found a way to improve upon Blue significantly in some respects, and that is really something.<br />&quot;Turbulent Indigo&quot; won the Grammies, but I suspect they were in part a belated recognition of the overlooked &quot;Night Ride Home&quot;, which had enabled even Joni's earliest fans to welcome back into their lives the greatest artist of the late 20th century in the English-speaking world.
0140177396|3.0|Steinbeck has been a puffer fish of modern novels.  He lacks gravitas and pens the worst endings ever.<br />How mainstream America has come to endorse such a Luddite is beyond my comprehension. (Also America's hugging of John Grisham equally discombobulates me.)<br />I don't know where Steinbeck gets off blasting a dimwit in the back of the head with a pistola.  The book was great as far as the character portrayal went, word choice, metaphors, but the ending was jacked.<br />I'm furious to read books such as these.  Steinbeck acknowledges a problem with society and so he 'corrects' it.  FYI Stein, you can't just kill problems.<br />Lennie is a poor dull-thinking, massive ogre who travels from farm to farm with 'friend' George.  They stop at one farm where Curley and his 'soft fist' presides.  <br />Curley is a wee man and he picks on Lennie.  Lennie counterpoints by shattering Curley hand altogether.  The story is entertaining, and going good.<br />Then Lennie gets a little overzealous and kills a woman.  Whoops!  He had no idea because he is not mentally there.  He is a kind man who thinks as a boy and is still trapped in the stage William Blake referred to as Innocence.  <br />Steinbeck takes unecessary measures to get Lennie out of the picture and uses George as the tool.<br />I've said it before and I'll say it again: If Steinbeck wrote a proposal for a plan to 'deal with' retards it would be written well but would be substanially devoid of heart and humanity.<br />Nobel Prize or Zombie Lies?  Are people actually READING his book?  Something seems puffer fish and cursory about his esteemed station in society as a literary great.
B000021Y77|4.0|I liked it. I won't be overly snobish like many of the reviewers, so I will just say this: This is a very entertaining movie with an OK plot and gret music. There, I won't get into the psuedo intelligence like the other reviews.
B00003CXMG|4.0|Almost Famous made latent butterflies awake and flutter within my stomach, `warm fuzzies' caress my skin, and sugar plums and fairies dance in my head. I love to leave a theatre feeling good, about myself as well as mankind.  I'm not ashamed to admit that Almost Famous is-ATTENTION! CLICHÉ WARNING!-a feelgood movie.   Almost Famous is loosely based on some experiences that Director/Producer/Screenwriter Cameron Crowe went through as a teenager.   <br />Excellent flick for all Romantics.
0767824571|5.0|This is my first DVD review. It's about a really funny movie that(supposedly)took place in England 932 A.D. As King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table go on a quest from God to find the holy grail. On the way the run into a Black Knight, taunting Frenchmen, a killer rabbit, a three-headed knight, a castle of lonely women, the Black Beast of Arrgghh, a Bridge of Death and the infamous Knights who say &quot;Ni!&quot;<br />All right, I'll rate this according to my DVD scale(1 the lowest, 5 being the highest):<br />The movie: 5. Chock full of hysterical scenes, it redeems the somewhat disappointing ending.<br />Picture and sound: 3. Not superb, but it was made a long time ago.<br />Extra features: 3. Languages and subtitles. The Adventures of Baron Munchausen trailer was good. They could have used a Holy Grail trailer though.<br />My final rating:: 9/10. Highly recommended.
B000002HAF|5.0|There is a reason Thom Yorke (of Radiohead fame) has referred to the Pixies as &quot;the greatest band in the universe.&quot;  There is a reason Billy Corgan worships these guys.  Alternative rockers drew a huge amount of inspiration from this bizarre band called the Pixies.<br />From the eerie howling in &quot;Where is my Mind?&quot; to the intense chorus of &quot;River Euphrates,&quot; this album is just dripping with the first appearances of now oft-used alternative concepts.  Although at first a baffling ordeal, once you start to see through the seemingly disorganized musical chaos you will find an album that rock music of the 90s owes everything too.<br />The music will seemingly attack you from all sides, and the mood of the tunes never quite fits the subject matter.  &quot;He tried to molest me in the parking lot&quot; the lyrics will excitedly declare to a jammin' upbeat guitar riff.<br />This bizarre album is amazing, there is no other way to put it.  No music fan should be missing out on it.<br />Just remember... before there was Nirvana, there was The Pixies.<br />- Steve
B00003CXMG|5.0|This film is true.  That's not to say that it's a true story (although, of course, it is based on one), but rather to say that there isn't a single false feeling or moment throughout the movie.  And when I think of all the movies I've seen, that says quite a bit.<br />You simply won't find better acting in any film this year.  Frances McDormand as the somewhat flaky and over-protective, yet absolutely loving mother of aspiring rock-journalist William (Patrick Fugit) absolutely nails her character.  A character who could so easily have turned into a two-dimensional, over-the-top cut-out in her hands becomes a quirky, yet sympathetic and lovable individual.  And Fugit's portrayal of William was so honest and believable that you truly forget you're watching a movie; instead, for a couple hours, you inhabit the 70s with him.<br />Kate Hudson is perfect as the tough-yet-naive groupie William is destined to fall for.  She is a marvel to watch, and imbues her character with warmth, humor, a touch of tragedy, and ultimately, an indominable spirit.  And fortunately for us all, the rest of the cast is just as good.  You'll find yourself transported back in time and riding with the band -- and it's a great ride.<br />Here it is in three words:  See this movie.
B0000024UX|5.0|Simon and Garfunkel's final album as a duo, Bridge Over Troubled Water, couldn't have been better. Every song on this album is worth listening to, not just the most popular ones. The diversity of the songs keeps you interested throughout the CD, while the perfect harmonies in the vocals tie all the songs together. Bridge Over Troubled Water illustrates the incredible talents of Paul Simon the songwriter. The album's lyrics are intelligent and powerful and backed by music that uses many eclectic instruments and styles from tambourine and woodblocks to jazzy brass to gentle acoustic guitar. This album moves from pensive to pulsating, from delicate to dancelike.<br />The title song, Bridge Over Troubled Water, is an awesome song, full of tenderness, about unconditional friendship written by Paul Simon for Art Garfunkel. The soaring vocals and intricate piano touch the soul. The album's second most popular song, Cecilia, contrasts with the title song's delicacy and features pounding bass drum, clapping, and rhythmic guitar. Cecilia makes you want to get up and dance. Even the CD's lesser-known songs are great and incredibly underrated. The fourth track, Keep the Customer Satisfied, is my personal favorite. The jazzy harmonies and wailing brass make it a perfect sing-at-the-top-of-your-lungs song. The CD even features a cover of the Everly Brothers' song Bye Bye Love, a rarity for Simon and Garfunkel. Each song takes on its own feel, but all are held together by the harmonies that characterize Simon and Garfunkel's music. This album is a guaranteed pleaser and a perfect blend of thought provoking, soul touching ballads with foot-tapping, head bobbing feel good music.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Ah yes, at long last -- the return of the bigger-than-life epic motion picture.  Not since the likes of Ben Hur have we seen a picture like Gladiator.  And thanks to the excellent direction and vision of Ridley Scott and an amazing cast, the film is able to out-shine its genre.<br />Expect pulse-pounding action sequences, a storyline that reels you in and holds you by the throat, and a stunningly beautiful score.<br />Go see it in the theatre, if you haven't already.  Nothing beats watching this grand picture on the big screen.  And then buy the DVD -- because once you've seen the film, you'll know you have to add it to your collection.
B00000K31V|3.0|I have been a fan of David Cronenberg's movies for some time, and of movies and sci-fi writings that successfully question reality. BRAZIL and JACOB'S LADDER or DO ANDROIDS DREAM OF ELECTRIC SHEEP, are among my very favorites. I was all set to love eXistenZ, but I have to report that it SEEMED quite unsuccessful to me.<br />Was it really unsuccessful?  The acting was ponderous, with lines delivered slowly, awkwardly and with some of the thickest, most unconvincing accents ever committed to film--true, this was supposed to help us understand that the characters were actually in a game.  The special effects were amazingly awkward--although the designs were interesting, the models didn't seem organic, but obviously rubbery.  I'm sure Cronenberg would say that the  SFX were designed to further this understanding as well.  So it wasn't REALLY a bad movie, but it was a good movie PRETENDING to be a bad movie.<br />But let's add another plot twist to our critique--what if eXistenZ wasn't really a good movie pretending to be a bad movie, but was instead a bad movie pretending to be a good movie pretending to be a bad movie?  How could we tell?  Maybe, if the script weren't particularly good, and if everything were explained according to a reality that left no questions unanswered and was conceivable at the beginning of the film--that would surely be an indicator.  And, I'm afraid, that is indeed the very nature of eXistenZ.<br />On one level it does have something to say about addiction and humanity's self-destructive nature, and on another there are many of the Cronenberg touches--lots of goo and exploding heads--his fans will be familiar with; maybe the real statement eXistenZ makes is about its director's addiction to slime and gore.  But ultimately the movie doesn't really work that well on the surface, and it doesn't work as a deep philosophical exploration either.
B0000028VT|4.0|Often described as one of Mariah's best abums (second to her debut),I actually find some of her later ones better. It IS very good,however. The first track is by FAR my favorite and the best (in my opinion.) Even though later tracks such as &quot;Fantasy&quot; and &quot;Heartbreaker&quot; have been compared to it,I see no resemblance. &quot;Hero&quot; is also phenomenal (one of Mariah's best ballads) and one of her most well known tracks. Two other standouts on this disk are also &quot;Anytime You Need A Friend&quot; and the title track &quot;Music Box.&quot; All in all,good album,but if you like this,I reccomend &quot;Daydream&quot; and &quot;Butterfly&quot; by Mariah. They blow this album out of the water! Thanks for reading.
0446677450|5.0|Not since Steven Covey's &quot;7 Habits of Highly Effective People&quot; have I evangalized so much about a book to all my friends.  This book is thin and a quick read, but the basic principles that they present make this book a must read.  First of all, allow me to open the kimono a bit...The author doesn't really have 2 dads.  He uses the title as a mental handle to trigger your interest.  Great idea, although a bit midleading.  But what makes this book stand out are a few BIG ideas.  First of all, opportunities are all around us.  He shows you how to find them.  Secondly, you will definitely change your paradigm or perspective on employment, consumer spending, investing and building your financial future.  Don't waste another day with your present course of financial operation.  Buy this book and make sure your on the right path today!
B0000013G9|5.0|I love CRAZYSEXYCOOL. Some people might think it's not as good as FANMAIL, but I disagree! Sure, FANMAIL is pretty good, but CRAZYSEXYCOOL is just so much better! My favorite tracks on this album are: &quot;Creep&quot;, &quot;Kick Your Game&quot;, &quot;Diggin' On You&quot; -- one of my top 3 favorites, &quot;Red Light Special&quot; -- one of my top 3 favorites, and &quot;Waterfalls&quot; -- the other song on my list of the top 3 songs from this album. All the songs are excellent, but &quot;Diggin' On You&quot;, &quot;Red Light Special&quot;, and &quot;Waterfalls&quot; are the absolute best tracks on this CD. TLC's voices are amazing on this album and the lyrics are awesome, too. A lot of people may call TLC a Hip-Hop or Pop group. But they are not Hip-Hop or Pop, they are a Soul R&amp;B group! And this album is totally all R&amp;B...nothing more and nothing less. Though TLC went bankrupt with CRAZYSEXYCOOL, this is still their best album and nothing by TLC can top this album - not even their Grammy winning album, FANMAIL. If you're a TLC fan or a fan of R&amp;B and Soul, you must get this album. You will not be disappointed! It's one of the best R&amp;B albums out there!
B000056NX5|5.0|I was an adult when this show first materialized.  I have seen it on stage many times.  I loved the visuals of the film.  This, however is the first time I have been moved to tears by this vehicle.  I simply can not take any individual piece of this apart it is a whole and it is wonderful.  Of all the work that Webber &amp; Rice have done this will last the longest as I have seen in this production that what ever else may be done the story will forever be vital.  I greatly appreciated the emphasis on the lyric and the downplay of the music.  It has been put where it belongs, as an underscore of what it being said and done.  I have read some reviews that felt Jesus was weak, I for one got far more out of his eyes than ever before,  I also liked the fact that the man could sing, falsetto and in full chest voice.  Judas is incredible, Mary sang her pieces in character and not as a &quot;STAR&quot; turn.  On the whole very emotional piece.
B00004X01U|5.0|Wow - Madonna's back and she's better than ever with her new album entitled, MUSIC. I absolutely adore this album. It really is one of the best. The only thing I think was missing with this album was that she didn't add the songs &quot;Beautiful Stranger&quot; (from AUSTIN POWERS 2: THE SPY WHO SHAGGED ME) and &quot;American Pie&quot; (from THE NEXT BEST THING), which are both really awesome songs, too. My favorite tracks on this CD include: &quot;Music&quot;, of course, &quot;Impressive Instant&quot;, and my brand-new favorite Madonna song, &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot;. The other songs were pretty great, too. It's great that Madonna's back with new and even more awesome music than before. Her other outstanding and stand-out albums are: THE IMMACULATE COLLECTION and RAY OF LIGHT. Buy these three albums (along with the AUSTIN POWERS 2 soundtrack and THE NEXT BEST THING soundtrack), and you'll be owning the Ultimate Madonna Collection!
B000003BEM|2.0|&quot;Begger's Banquet&quot; has been touted as a classic album and in some respects, it is. Despite all this hype, I still find BB to be a lacking if not flat album. <br />In my mind, the best song on this album is &quot;Street Fighting Man.&quot; Even though this song is a bit dated, it still can get your energy level up. It rocks! &quot;Sympathy for the Devil&quot; has been played so many times on rock radio stations over the past few decades, it's no longer worth listening to. <br />&quot;Stray Cat Blues&quot; isn't too bad but after you hear the live version of this song on &quot;Get Yer Ya-Ya's Out,&quot; you won't like the studio version nearly as much. The rest of the material on this album is low-grade and forgettable.
B000002LND|5.0|I love Madonna's music. I think she rocks! And this album is one of her best, considering that it has all of her major hits from her '80s albums. &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; is my absolute #1 favorite Madonna song. I don't understand why it got so much public attention - probably because of it's religious topics - but I think &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; is Madonna's absolute best. My other favorites include: &quot;Holiday&quot;, &quot;Lucky Star&quot;, &quot;Boarderline&quot;, &quot;Like A Virgin&quot;, &quot;Material Girl&quot;, &quot;Get Into The Groove&quot;, &quot;Express Yourself&quot;, &quot;Cherish&quot;, and &quot;Vogue&quot;. THE IMMACULATE COLLECTION is one of my favorite Madonna albums - it is simply pure delight. I love it. The songs make you feel so happy and the album has got an energetic, uptempo, Pop beat to it. Madonna is definitely one of the best Pop artists out there of all time - she's my #1 favorite Diva, too. I just love Madonna's music. This album should be for everyone. Even if you normally don't like Madonna or her music, this is still one of the best Pop albums out there and everybody should own it. Great buy!
B000003BDY|4.0|&quot;12 x 5, &quot; along with their debut album, is one of the Stones most heavily influenced Blues album. Jagger's delivery is rough but solid and he does justice to the Bobby Womack and Chuck Berry compositions on this album. <br />&quot;It's All Over Now&quot; is probably the best song on this album and it sounds just as good today as it did then. Berry's &quot;Round and Round&quot; is well-delivered by Jagger and at times, it sounds as though Berry is singing right along with the band!<br />All the other material here is good and anyone who appreciates the Stones early blues influence will undoubtedly enjoy listening to this album. My only criticism of this album is that its sound isn't very polished. However, given the technological limitations of that time and the band's lack of musical direction, this is something that can be expected. Aside from that, I'd advise all new Stones fans to add this CD to your collection as it is truly a great album.
B00002DEIX|5.0|Everywhere we read that jazz is &quot;..losing market share&quot; to employ a phrase of economics to an artistic pursuit! Maybe if more albums like this were released the market would revive. Be that as it may this a terrific CD when so many jazz releases from America are particularly sub-terrific. The playing is spellbinding and the production is bell-like in its clarity. But what makes the pieces work is the fact that they sound like someone actually took the time to write and prepare them. This ain't just a jam session, it's music you can listen to and &quot;get&quot;. Keep doing it Josh because you are making magnificent jazz.
B000003BF4|5.0|Of the three live albums the Stones have put out during the course of their career, &quot;Ya-Ya's&quot; is clearly the best. In fact, I'd have to say it ranks among the best live concert perfomances of all time and it deserves to be in the same category as The Who's all-time classic, &quot;Live at Leeds.&quot;<br />The Stones are at their best on this album and in listening to this performance, you can feel the energy and enthusiasm of both the band and the audience. The Stones really deliver on this album and they do a great job of bringing an added dimension to songs like &quot;Midnight Rambler,&quot; &quot;Stray Cat Blues,&quot; &quot;Live With Me&quot; and &quot;Street Fightin' Man.&quot; <br />There's not a bad cut on this album and it's one all Stones fans will want to have in their collection. Just listen to it and you'll see why &quot;Charlie's good tonight.&quot;
B000059TPN|5.0|Hey, Darth-Jeyl here, about to review the Rock-CC (Criterion Collection). <br /> When I first saw the Rock back in 1996, it immediately became one of my favorite action movies of that year. It was for me, so rare to see an action film that was so focused on its story, character development, and at the same time be very entertaining. The story was good, the characters believable, the acting was solid, the soundtrack was powerful, and the directing was excellent. When the film was introduced to DVD for the first time in 1997, it left a lot to be desired. The DVD transfer for the film came straight from the Laser Disc version, and was non-anamorphic (Not enhanced for widescreen TV's). The DVD was also featureless, carrying only the teaser trailer for the film. The only good thing about the DVD was it's 5.1 Dolby Digital surround track. Four years later, when I heard about a Criterion version of the film coming out to DVD, I had low hopes. Why? Let me explain. This is the second time Michael Bay has released one of his films from Criterion. The first movie he launched from Criterion was Armageddon. Though the DVD featured a lot of extras, a 5.1 Dolby surround, and a new digital transfer, the video wasn't Anamorphic. That was a big disappointment, since the other DVD version of the film wasn't anamorphic either. So, when I heard that Michael Bay was re-releasing the Rock as a 2 disc Criterion edition, I thought it was going to be like the Armageddon Criterion Edition. Now that I got the DVD, let's move on to the full review.<br />Story: When a highly decorated, retired Marine General (Ed Harris) and his army seize a stockpile of chemical weapons, and take over Alcatraz (aka The Rock), he demands Restitution to the families of the soldiers that died in covert operations. If the payment is refused, he will launch the chemical weapons at the heart of San Francisco. As the Pentagon debates on how to handle the situation, they decide to send an elite Navy Seal team to go intoAlcatraz, disarm the weapons, and take the island. Since the power of the chemical weapons is extreme, they bring in an FBI Chemical Expert, Stanley Goodspeed(Nicolas Cage) to help them with the disarmament. The problem, how do you get into Alcatraz? Since all known experts on the island are dead, they bring in a former Alcatraz prisoner John Mason(Sean Connery) who once escaped Alcatraz, to assist the team on getting in. Thanks to Mason's knowledge, the team makes it into the island undetected. However, after walking in to an unsuspected trap, everyone on the team except Mason and Goodspeed are killed. Now, it's up to a chemical freak who has never seen combat, and a former prisoner who hasn't seen combat for over 30 years, to carry out the mission alone. Their problem? They've got 20 professionally trained killer marines on the hunt for them, 15 deadly chemical weapons to defuse, the entire population of San Francisco to save, and only 15 hours to complete the mission.<br />Disc 1-The Movie: The Rock on Disc 1, is presented in it's original aspect ratio 2.35:1 in an anamorphic transfer. Which means it's ENHANCED! Not only that, but it's also got a new digital transfer that looks absolutely gorgeous. There are hardly any signs of grain, the colors look very solid, and the letterbox framing is very accurate. This is one of the best transfers Criterion has ever released for a film. For the audio side, we get 4 audio tracks. A Dolby Digital and DTS 5.1 surround sound tracks, a 2.0 Dolby surround, and a Commentary Track. To sum up the audio for ya, if you have a 5.1 Dolby or DTS setup, it will destroy your home. From the beginning of the film, the surround sound action is nearly constant. If you want to see what the audio is really made of, go to chapter 11(Car Chase), and crank up the audio. The Commentary track for The Rock features Director Michael Bay, producer Jerry Bruckheimer, actors Nicolas cage and Ed Harris, and technical advisor (and ex-Navy SEAL) Harry Humphries. Please keep in mind that this is not a group commentary. This is one of those commentaries where each participant recorded their portion separately and were than edited together. I know a lot of people who despise these types of tracks, but for this particular one, it really works. Each participant has something very useful to say about almost every scene in the movie. If you really want to know a lot more about the Rock, check out this track, it's actually the best part of the whole set in my opinion.<br />Disc 2-The Features: For the second disc, we get an average amount of features that are common on almost every 2 disc set. There is a lengthy interview with Jerry Bruckhimer that I found quite nice, an analysis of the dive sequence which is really cool(All those swimmers were puppets!), a movie magic episode on the film's special effects, a really nice documentary about the dos and don'ts of Hollywood gunplay, a documentary on Alcatraz itself which covers almost every aspect of the island's history, promotional material such as trailers, TV spots, and The Rock world premiere on the Alcatraz island itself, and a bunch of story boards and production drawings.<br />Final Comments: Well, this disc was a pleasure to get. I can finally watch the Rock as it was originally intended on my 16x9 television. I'm glad Criterion did all the right stuff with this DVD.<br />Goods: Great movie, good acting, Excellent Transfer, Great sound, wonderful commentary track, nice extras, and ENHANCED!<br />Bads: Though the second disc has many extras, some of them have almost nothing to do with the movie. Many people might find some of the extras pointless.<br />Darth-Jeyls rating: 8 out of 10
B000003BF1|5.0|In some ways, &quot;Let It Bleed&quot; is the antithesis of the Beatles lackluster salvage job, &quot;Let It Be.&quot; For one thing, this album rocks and after listening to it, you'll see why the Stones are the world's greatest rock 'n' roll band. Though The Who may have something to say about that!<br />The best tracks on this album are &quot;Monkey Man&quot;--a song any former junkie will relate to--the highly suggestive &quot;Let It Bleed,&quot; the sneering &quot;Live With Me&quot; and the AOR classic, &quot;Midnight Rambler.&quot; However, if you want a better version of &quot;Midnight Rambler,&quot; just listen to &quot;Get Yer Ya-Ya's Out&quot; and you'll see what I mean.<br />&quot;Love In Vain&quot; is a good number too though it does sound like Jagger had too much to drink before he recorded it. &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; and &quot;You Can't Always Get What You Want&quot; are more AOR staples that are classic pieces in their own right, however, I think they've gotten too much air play over the years and now seem a bit cliche'.<br />Overall, this is one of the Stones' better albums and I highly recommend it to every fan.
B0000524E5|5.0|I thought that this movie was very good and the girls very hotter than John Goodman in the Mojave Desert.  Bruckheimer did a great job and the story line is really good
B000003BEV|2.0|All in all, &quot;Their Satanic Majesties Request&quot; isn't a bad album. However, it's not in the same league as &quot;Let It Bleed,&quot; &quot;Begger's Banquet&quot; or even &quot;Aftermath.&quot; Still, this album does have artistic merit to it and it's definitely worth adding to your collection.
B000003TA4|5.0|About 4 years ago now I was at a crossroads in my life. I was purched between being popular or an outcast. Both groups had offered there best to me. I sat on the middle of the fence for a long time before, mmmmm maybe about 5 years.<br />6 years earlier as an 11 year old i heard a relativley well known song called &quot;Smell Like TeeN Spirit&quot; and over the years had re-heard it whether it was through radio or t.v. I always met this with the same reaction &quot;thats a f-in good song&quot;. That was greated with the same response around the room.<br />My brother had always been a guitarist and i wa always around rock music but never showed any interest. My best friend listened to madonna had that was an influence in me wanting out of mainstream. Never though had I had an interest. I could even be quoted as saying I hated Music.<br />But I had been developing an apreciation for it and decided I wanted to hear that song at will so I borrowed the cd &quot;NEVERMIND&quot; from one of my friends on the sole  purpose of hearing Smells Like Teen Spirit, it was and is really that good.<br />I poped the cd in and those infamous opening bars played to the tune of the soul. Then for the first time ever I heard the other songs to nevermind and my life was changed. I fell completeley over one side of the fence.<br />Smells Like Teen Spirit- One of the greatest riffs of all. So much energy and it staysin your head forever.<br />In Bloom- Their best pop song. His voice singing &quot;hes the one&quot; and dave grohls fills a stand out.<br />Come as U ARE- A masterpiece, truly one of the greatest songs of all time, often overlooked. The hook of the song falls comepletely backwards to the best guitar solo i have heard. So much heart.<br />Breed- This is the first song that is really pacey through out and is a stand out in the groups playing. for those of us who love to &quot;BREED&quot;<br />Lithium- lyricaly my fav song. Musically so catchy is noveselics bass line that all who have ever felt sad wil feel something here.<br />Polly- Acoustic makes it present felt, but no ordinary acoustic. This a drumed sound and really is amazing to listen to.<br />Territorial pissings- This really the only punk song on here. Discusses alienation which i can solece to.<br />Drain You- My favorite nirvana song and kurts to. This is plainly about love and you never get tired of hearing it or singing those &quot;infectious lyrics&quot;.<br />Lounge Act- great little number. I was going through a bust upo a tthe time and this helped me relize that &quot;ive got this friend u see, who makes me feel&quot;<br />Stay Away- This is really a song that could made its place on any of their albums. It has a realy gruff sound and a sound they rearely performed.<br />On a Plain- This although a bunch of petry lines thrown together is my biggest realtion to Kurt. It really reflectsa a bad life .<br />Something in the way- mmmmmmmmm, yeah a terriffic song. A really magnificent atmosphere.<br />I now love music as the best thiong in my life. So thats how powerful this record is I now play guitar and write songs.  This album helped me through my life and its baddest point and still helps me today when i fell down.<br />If u arent quite sure of where u stand By this.<br />Brilliant- something special in our history.
B000000W5F|2.0|After experimenting with disco on &quot;Some Girls&quot; and &quot;Emotional Rescue,&quot; the Stones went back to a more basic Stones &quot;sound&quot; on this album. Unfortunately, &quot;Tattoo You&quot; is TOO MUCH like a Stones album. If anything, this album is a predicatable and pretentious piece of work.<br />Clearly, the most pretentious cut on this album is &quot;Hang Fire.&quot; C'mon guys, whoya tryin' to kid? How can multi-millonaire rockers like Jagger and Richards complain about the plight of the working class when they've got money to burn?! &quot;You know earning money is a full-time job, I don't need the aggravation...&quot;--PLEASE!!<br />&quot;Little T &amp; A&quot; is probably one of Keith Richards' better vocal renditions and it's one of the better songs on the album. &quot;Waiting for a Friend&quot; is a rather pensive piece that probably should've been included on &quot;Emotional Rescue.&quot; Still, it too is one of the better selections included here and it's a good way to close an album.<br />&quot;Start Me Up&quot; has become so cliche' that it's nauseating! If I hear that damn song one more time during a televised NFL game this season, I'm going to throw my set out the window!<br />If you're a die-hard Stones fan, you'll probably like this album and will want to have it in your collection. Otherwise, skip it as it's more commercial than creative.
B00003CXMG|5.0|There is a difference between a movie and a film... Almost Famous is a brilliant film... It is one of the best contemporary film that I have ever seen and is an instant classic... The acting is wonderful and best of all, this film has substance... There is humor... There is drama... There are themes that develop subtley through out the entire film... There are wonderful moments that remind you of days when you were young... It is simply a wonderful film... It captures you the moment you see the handwritten credits from the beginning... Crowe does an excellent job at being subtle about the themes of image vs. reality, coming of age, and others... Wonderful, wonderful film... It breaks down the &quot;rock and roll lifestyle&quot; to show you a group of wonderful human beings...
B000002UB3|4.0|If the Beatles were smart, they would've released &quot;Let It Be&quot; before &quot;Abbey Road;&quot; that way, they wouldn't have left a bad taste in everyone's mouth. OK, &quot;Let It Be&quot; has its moments but it clearly doesn't have the punch that &quot;Abbey Road&quot; has! Without question, &quot;Abbey Road&quot; is the Beatles most cohesive album they ever released. <br />Even though AR is a swan song album, one can't help but feel glad that the Fab Four saved their best for last. This album showcases the best in all of the band members, particularly Ringo Starr. Starr's drumming on &quot;Come Together&quot; shows what a journeyman drummer he was--truly, a creative piece of work. Too bad Starr didn't show more of that creativity on some of the group's earlier releases.<br />Songs like &quot;Sun King/Mean Mister Mustard/Polythene Pam/She Came in Through the Bathroom Window&quot; and &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money/Golden Slumbers/The End&quot; have a way of taking you in, up and out. You can feel your energy level rise as you listen to these songs and when you hit the crescendo, they take you down gently. Which, in some ways, seems to typify the Beatles' career.<br />The only thing I don't like about this album is the way it ended. It would've been better if the Beatles let &quot;The End&quot; be THE END! This would've been an appropriate, if not symbolic, way to close out the album. Ending it with McCartney's acoustic number &quot;Her Majesty&quot; kinda spoils things a bit but in the larger scheme of things, it's no big deal.<br />&quot;Abbey Road&quot; has to be one of the great classic rock albums of all times. This is one album that Beatles fans--and even some non-fans--will want to add to their album collections as it shows what a force the Beatles were in rock 'n' roll.
0451527712|1.0|This book was so boring I threw it out my window. (Almost)  It just had too much detail
B00003CXDG|2.0|John Woo is one of my favourite directors. Face/Off is probably one of the best five films ever made. But this is just awful, lacking all the elements which made Face/Off what it was - the strong story and the human element, not just the spectacular action sequences.<br />M:I 2 is just a money-making machine. The story is just another Bond-film reject script which won't hold your interest past the first ten minutes. And the film is full - completely full - of blatant product placement.<br />But. It's still got some decent John Woo action sequences. So it's not a total failure. But it comes close.
B0000025RI|5.0|Thriller came out in a time when album filler was not an accepted word.  Artists gave each song their full attention and talent, and that's why artists could get so many hit singles off of each album.  Michael Jackson took that to an extreme with his album Thriller, which is the bestselling album of all time.  The recognition it got was amazing.  8 Grammy Awards.  7 Top Ten singles.  MTV has even picked Michael Jackson's Thriller video as the best video of all time at some point or another.  This CD was more than just great music: it revolutionized everything.  Beat It will probably be remembered most.  There was a guitar solo by Eddie Van Halen in the song, and in the video Michael brought two real life street gangs together for a huge dance scene.  The song Thriller revolutionized videos.  While the song itself wasn't as huge as others, the video stood out.  It was 17+ minutes of special effects, dance scenes and good old campy horror fun.  Michael turned into both a zombie and a werewolf in the video, and it is safe to say this video changed the music video industry forever.  After it there were no more clips of artists singing onstage in microphones.  More special effects and dance sequences were brought in.  Billie Jean is another album masterpiece with another great video.  One of my personal favorites is Track #1, Wanna Be Startin Something, which has infectious opening that will be stuck in your head for a very long time.  The duet The Girl Is Mine probably inspired Brandy &amp; Monica's song The Boy Is Mine, and is a great song that is both humorous and serious at the same time.  This song doesn't get a lot of recognition as being one of his best, but it actually made it to No.2 on the charts.  Even the two non top ten singles are exceptionally good.  This album is the best in history.  Period.  Michael Jackson has revolutionized so much and created a lot of controversy.  This artist is perhaps one of the best of all time.  If you don't have this album nowyou have to buy it period.  It's an American classic and most likely his records will never be touched.
B000002KBA|5.0|After first trying their hand at second-rate psychedelia, Purple got a new singer and bassist in 1969, and proceeded to make the most exciting and adventurous album of their careers. Machine Head is usually cited as their best album thanks to &quot;Smoke on the Water,&quot; but my heart is with this one. Starting off at full throttle with &quot;Speed King&quot; and its lyrical homage to Little Richard, it nearly demonstrates in one song both the extent of their power and the breadth of their uncommon musicianship. All through this disc it's evident that not only do we have one of the all-time great guitar heroes in Ritchie Blackmore, but also his musical &amp; soloing equal in keyboardist Jon Lord. (It's difficult to find another heavy rock band with a keyboardist at all, much less one this good.) Although calling them a heavy metal band is stretching things a bit (I'd classify Purple as hard rock with a heavy edge), this album has more for the hardcore HM fanatics than any other DP record, &quot;Bloodsucker&quot; and &quot;Hard Lovin' Man&quot; in particular. Then there's a mini-epic called &quot;Child In Time,&quot; featuring a beautiful guitar solo but also showing singer Ian Gillan's extraordinary ability to scream like a banshee while remaining thoroughly musical. The production, while somewhat crude and nearly overmodulated at times, actually fits the material perfectly. The Purps had reinvented themselves and were going for broke, so the raw sound not only breathes power but also gives, out of all their studio albums, the best idea of how incredible they were on stage. As a 30-year fan I have to admit I'm biased, but it's still with a high degree of confidence that I call this the best hard rock album ever made.<BR>NOTE: If at all possible, find the remastered 25th anniversary edition of this disc. The improvement over the &quot;super saver&quot; regular version is enormous.
B000002LND|5.0|If you are a Madonna fan, you must have this CD.  This is a genuine gem of a collection spanning the majority of her radio career and includes almost all of her hit singles.  Interestingly enough, there are minor changes such as some background beat differences in songs such as Into The Groove and Holiday, but they actually sound better!  The CD contains two new songs: Justify My Love and Rescue Me, which are good but do not surpass the previous 15 tracks.  When you listen to this album you realize just how many hits shes churned out: The very controversial Like A Prayer, the upbeat Lucky Star, the tropical La Isla Bonita and the beautiful Crazy For You.  Some of these songs will fill any dance floor such as Express Yourself and Vogue.  The album booklet is even interesting, with a well written mini biography of Madonna that is actually worth reading!  If you've enjoyed most of Madonna's singles up until Vogue, get this CD.  It's completely worth the money.
B00004W52U|5.0|This is a great cd, no words can describe it.  I'd just like to clarify what another reveiwer said.  This cd is indeed named Energy.  They have it confused with Unreleased Energy, released in '89 as a bootleg, hard to get nowadays, but get it as well.
B000001Y5J|5.0|This Broken EP is the one to play if you are in anger. But it's very amazing. It will even scare you. Going from the emotional Help Me I Am In Hell going slower than the others, it then gets to Happiness In Slavery. That will scare you the first time you hear it.<br />And you'd be used to NIN having such soft songs. Broken uses a trend no other NIN album managed to do. No synths, no piano. But it's still great. And I love synths. But this isn't the mood for it. And you will probably find yourself head banging to Wish the day that you feel like your stupid. Then there's Gave Up before the hidden tracks, about losing your strength. It doesn't hold up for as much emotion as The Fragile but is still great.<br />I love the first hidden track, Physical, the cover of an Adam Ant song. You'll probably be addicted to it. And it IS addictive. Watch out though. There's a trick: There'll be a thing that makes you think there's 99 tracks when 91 of them are really left blank, those being seven through 97.<br />The only flaw is that it's barely longer than 33 minutes. It could have been much longer. Add this to your NIN collection if you are a beginner in collecting. mainly if you love more of the metal music. This is where they were called &quot;metal&quot; from. Join the ride like no other.
B000059R8Y|4.0|I have listened to this album and how uplifting and fresh it sounds. It has a wonderful nostalgic feel full of warm close harmonies, J.J.Cales &quot;Traveling Light&quot; works especially well. Track 7 &quot;Find Myself&quot; is to my way of thinking the heart of the album and what its all about. Read the inside of the CD cover to find this out. Eric Clapton is always searching to find new ways to convey his thoughts through to his music, never reapeating himself always sounding fresh. For all those old 60's diehard fans criticising this album they are the dinosaurs stuck in a time warp, they are the ones that should get into the 21st century.
B000002I6V|5.0|I first bought this album when I was 17 and was amazed how it touched my soul. And now, some 21 years later, I have rediscovered it and am amazed how relevant it still is, and how it still touches my soul.
B000059R8Y|4.0|I have listened to this album and how uplifting and fresh it sounds. It has a wonderful nostalgic feel full of warm close harmonies, J.J.Cales &quot;Traveling Light&quot; works especially well. Track 7 &quot;Find Myself&quot; is to my way of thinking the heart of the album and what its all about. Read the inside of the CD cover to find this out. Eric Clapton is always searching to find new ways to convey his thoughts through to his music, never reapeating himself always sounding fresh. For all those old 60's diehard fans criticising this album they are the dinosaurs stuck in a time warp, they are the ones that should get into the 21st century.
6304795254|4.0|I saw this movie when it first came out.  Upon first viewing, I enjoyed it for several qualities.  Director David Fincher provides a really creepy, eerie atmosphere to the story.  The cinematography has a dark, eerie look (as in Seven).  The music (such as the tinkering piano) has a way of creeping up on you.  Michael Douglas is terrific, as usual.  Towards the 2nd half however, I started to lose interest.  I found the story was just cranking on and on with no point.  By the end, I was dissappointed with the payoff.  I felt it didn't have to go on so long to explain it's point.  I guess this is the reason it didn't perform so well at the box office. The 2nd time I watched this was a different story.  Knowing in advance about the ending, I could pay more attention to the meaning of all of the scenes (I don't want to give too much away).  The early flashbacks are there to tell you what kind of unhappy, selfish, lonely person Douglas is like.  As the movie progresses, you begin to see him changing as he is going through the game.  This is the whole point of the story, not what is really going on.  By the time the payoff has come around, you are touched with what has occured.  The viewer is not really supposed to be surprised at the end, but emotionally moved. What I really would like to see someday is a DVD with Fincher's director's commentary.  This is such a complex movie where each scene needs to be explained.  I hope David Fincher does that someday (like the new Seven DVD). One minor note:  For those of you complaining about how far fetched the movie is, this movie is supposed to be unreal.  I could not believe one minute of it, but Fincher makes it clear he doesn't want you to believe in it.  The Game is part mystery, part fantasy (as in the Twilight Zone).
B00005B3Z5|5.0|About 3 years ago a show appeared on British TV that shocked a nation.  Its frank portrayal of gay lifestyle in Manchester was soon met by both anger and raves.  Soon, even if they didn't admit it, people were tuning into Queer as Folk and loving it.  The story is simple.  Stuart, afraid of falling in love, turns to one night stands for pleasure.  Stuart's friend Vince, a die-hard Dr. Who fan, is in love with Stuart, but can't admit it to himself or his friend. Then...along comes Nathan...a 16 year old who is just coming out of the closet and falling in love with Stuart.  What happens next is a journey you will need to take.  Its about time that the English version of this show was available in the US.  The Showtime adaption is good...but its the UK version that sizzles!  Believe me...Episode 1 has gone down in British History as the 25 minutes that rocked a nation!  This video set is Series 1.  Series 2 appeared a year later...and although it closed the doors on Queer as Folk...it is not as good as the first 8 episodes.
B000056NX5|5.0|If you loved the first version of Jesus Christ Superstar, then you will truly appreciate this version...You get the feeling of &quot;Big Brother&quot; and all the technology of today's world but the story is the same. I think the ending was done with more emotion and the actors in this new version put a lot of feeling into their characters.  I really enjoyed this DVD, but I am a Lloyd-Webber fan from the word go.
B000002BBY|4.0|Thanks in large part to a VH1 documentary I saw on Oasis recently, I checked out &quot;What's The Story Morning Glory&quot;.  I'm glad I saw that documentary.  Up until I saw that documentary, all I knew about Oasis was their penchant for arrogance, troublemaking, sibling bickering and patent borrowing from the Beatles.  But this album is their gem.  Their &quot;Abbey Road&quot;.  Sure...one can listen to the influence of the Beatles on this album but I don't necessarily feel that's a bad thing.  &quot;Champagne Supernova&quot; is their opus and quite literally their &quot;Hey Jude&quot; as the Brothers Gallagher unabashedly belt out the familiar &quot;na...na...na...&quot; refrain albeit to a hellbent and riotous guitar riff.  &quot;Wonderwall&quot; is certainly one of the greatest songs of the 1990s; the first 23 seconds of &quot;Wonderwall&quot;, alone, is one of the nicest melodies I've heard come off an acoustic guitar in a quite a long time.  &quot;Morning Glory&quot; ranks right up there with some of the best Brit-rock tunes of the 1990s.  This album is played straight and serves as a sobering reminder of what rock should sound like; not that monstrosity of an album by Radiohead, &quot;Kid-A&quot;, released last year.  I'd give this album five stars if it weren't for Liam's sometimes screeching voice.  Anyway, it's a great album and should be worth a look or second look.
B000056K04|4.0|Upon first placing the cd into my stero i was very exicted. after listening to it once i thought to myself, not so great. not until listening to all the tracks did i realive it's true potental. Now i listen o it all the time. It is by far DMB's most diverse album yet. All different songs are here. ballades to rock(and So right reminds me of Say goodbye). i could not give this 5 stars because there are better albums of his and if you had to choose between this or a live album, i would go for the live one. this does by no means make it a bad cd. it has to be gotten use to for anyone to enjoy it, i.e. i never really liked What you are, but now its one of my favs. this IS worth your money even if you only listen to it for a while. the different beats can satisfy anyone, for the die hard fan to a newbie. i strongly recomend this album to anyone who likes a change.
B000056K04|4.0|I really think these guys are overrated. Their carefully crafted songs are definitely a talent, and they may be good musicians, but their playing doesn't excite me. I'm no musician, but I've seen them live twice and it doesn't look like they are doing too much to make the sounds they're making. Don't get me wrong, I like DMB. They have a good sound, I like Dave's voice, I like hearing the violin and baritone sax. I even find myself singing along with their songs. I think crafting their songs the way they do is very talented, but I just don't think they deserve words like great, and awesome.<br />As for their latest release, Everyday, it's a good CD. I listened to it 2 or 3 times without much interest, then one night I listened to the whole thing uninterrupted with headphones and discovered my liking for it. But again, the players don't seem to be doing too much. I think they concentrate on making a catchy song that sounds good overall. Even lyrically they fall short. Unless I'm missing the meaning. Maybe I need to be part of a secret club, but the lyrics don't make any sense together. You can pull some good quotes out of them and apply them to your own experiences, but the meaning behind the lyrics in a complete song escapes me. I even read the lyrics as I listened. Nonsense. I wonder if his other albums are like that too. I'll have to check it out.<br />I really don't mean to diss the band. Like I said, I enjoy listening to their CD's and seeing them live, but I don't think they should go down in history for their musicianship.
B00000J7I3|5.0|I had this CD for months before really listening to it. When I finally did it quickly became a favorite. There is not a weak song on this disk. &quot;Public Enemy #1&quot; is one of my top five Motley songs and other songs like &quot;Merry Go Round&quot; just plain rock. I like Motley's other CDs, but &quot;Theatre of Pain&quot; and &quot;Girls, Girls, Girls&quot; come nowhere near the caliber of &quot;TFFL.&quot; The extra tracks make it just that much better. A little trivia: &quot;Toast of the Town&quot; was covered by Pretty Boy Floyd on their release &quot;Leathur Boyz With Electric Toyz.&quot; Motley does it better. This, behind 1994's &quot;Motley Crue&quot; is an indispensible Crue CD. It's an 80s rock classic and should be in every rock fans collection.
6304258984|4.0|A great all round action film, which has me SHOUTING AT THE TV, everytime!  From my hatred of the evil marine pair, and enthusiasm towards the SAS operative, the film succeeds in driving emotion from me!<br />With a unbelievable cast, from the Veterans Connery and Harris to the talented supporting cast, with the likes of David Mason, the film is one exciting moment after the next.  Some may be screaming at me for not mentioning Cage in the line-up above, but to be frank I felt that this was yet another of his performances that left me wanting to shout &quot;PLEASE GO TO AN ACTING CLASS!&quot;  He is unconvincing and at times, just annoying... (as you can tell I'm not a fan)... however for me Connery carries the film with ease, and Cage is lost very easily amonst the acting giants.  With my most favourite scene as Connery and Harris' confrontal, it's a pure genius of a script which is carried through with fantastic deliverance and rapport between the actors.<br />Harris is a joy to watch, and he draws my attention in every scene, even when the action was far away from him.  His portrayal of the torn Brigadier-General, is what I will always remember him for.<br />Are the Marines truly terrorists, or patriots as they claim... Each one is driven by different ideals, whether leadership, justice, revenge, loyalty, greed, or even pure viciousness, and it's that blend that makes them and the story unpredictible.<br />After watching the film I am filled with such pride to be British, which is thanks completely to Sir Sean's character and performance... it is so refreshing to see a modern American film where we are in fact not the badies, but instead cruial to the plot's closure and 'happy ending'.  Although he is in fact a criminal and spy, he is a lovable rogue... and Connery draws on elements of his Bond career and characterisation extremely effectively to support his part in the film!<br />The film is definately NOT to be missed, especailly if you are either a Connery, Harris, or Cage fan, you shall not be disappointed. <br />&quot;What have I done?&quot;  You've just bought an amazing adventure of a film.
B00000IFWE|4.0|I won't go into a lot of technical detail. Most of us listeners don't really care about that anyway.  We know what we like. And I like Echo.  Two or three of the best Tom Petty songs ever are on this CD. Room at the Top and Swingin...are OUTSTANDING works and hold the rest of the CD at ransom....Counting on You and Free Girl now are very well done....the rest is mostly filler. After having seen Tom on the Echo tour perform these songs, you and we should realize he is still very much a driving force in top drawer music, of which there is precious little nowadays.
6304578458|5.0|Certainly one of my all time classics, the film's unique blend of comedy, despair, love and innocent brutality... is a joy to watch each time over; With the stunning player, Cusack (also Co-Writer and Producer) leading an amazingly assembled cast.  The story follows an assassin's journey back to his high school reunion, where his childhood and neighbourhood alike, have vanished in the name of 'convenience'.  Everyone he knew has sweld, but none have left the haven of the peaceful little town of Grosse Pointe... but events unfold and Blank's presence, instills a new comic-action, deathly lease of life into the town.  Grosse Pointe didn't see it coming, but you should definately give it a go!  It's a magical story with so much to offer, as a film, a script, and many quality performances!
B000056K04|5.0|I have been a fan of DMB since i heard &quot;What Would You Say&quot; all the way back in 1994. I have picked up all the CDs since then, and have been to numerous live shows. This band is amazing, and everything they do seems to work itself out for the better. This CD was hyped in &quot;controversy&quot; before it came out. How could Dave drop the acoustic and pick up the electric? Many feared that it would ruin the sound and over all quality of the music. These people were dead wrong.<br />This disc is much different from anything we have heard from DMB before this. There are no real &quot;jam&quot; songs, and the solos for the violin and sax are limited to just supporting players. This takes a little away from the overall tone, but not enough to hurt the great sound that the band has now. Many have said that his is the worst CD this band has put out. I highly disagree. I think that it was just the natural evolution of the band, and i like the way they are headed.<br />The CD starts out very &quot;radio friendly&quot; with the song &quot;I Did It&quot;. Many hate this song, but it has the feel of many of there older songs, &quot;So Much To Say&quot; in specific. The CD then heads into the more thoughtful songs. The songs that we really get to see the emotions of the band. This is where a lot of the talent of DMB lies. They can take songs that are just meant to be fluff and turn them thoughtful with lyrics that matter. Standout tracks are &quot;So Right&quot;, &quot;If I Had It All&quot;, and &quot;Sleep To Dream Her&quot;.<br />This is a disc that i was in the front of the line to get at the midnight on sale date. It was well worth losing sleep over. I only waited to review it so i could have my full thoughts on the album after listening to it for nearly a month. It is just as great today as it was on the first listening.
B000002KD5|5.0|As the man at the top says, you take the remnants of a marginally successful British blues-rock band, add two unknown California singer-songwriters and what do you get? Only one of rocks great bands. Go figure.<br />This album is the predecessor to the magnificent &quot;Rumours&quot; and the first album by the Fleetwood Mac line-up that included Stevie Nicks and Lindsay Buckingham. And it, too, is great. It's not quite as intense as &quot;Rumours&quot; and not quite its equal for that reason, but it's still a great album in its own right. All the parts are meshed and tightly in synch. The instrumental virtuosity, lovely vocal harmonies, and Buckingham's brilliant arrangements are already very much in evidence. And the songs are wonderful. Stevie's &quot;Rhiannon&quot; is the classic single, but &quot;Over My Head&quot; and &quot;Say You Love Me&quot; also climbed high on the singles charts. Beyond these, though, there are all the others. Buckingham rockers &quot;Monday morning&quot; and &quot;Blue Letter&quot;, as well as Chrissie's &quot;Warm Ways&quot; and &quot;Sugar Daddy&quot;. Stevie's beautiful &quot;Landslide&quot; first appears here. Another favorite is the driving &quot;World Turning&quot;, co-written by Buckingham and McVie.<br />This is an excellent album and would probably get more recognition if it hadn't been followed by &quot;Rumours&quot;. Don't be fooled, though. If you love &quot;Rumours&quot;, you'll love this, too. If you haven't heard them, you've been missing out. Get them both.  I recommend this VERY highly.
0375501851|1.0|I bought this book because of positive reviews I had read about it and was utterly disappointed. I stopped reading a little more than halfway though because I did not care what happened to any of the characters. It is impressive for such a young author to have a book published, but unfortunate that the book falls far short of impressing.
0671042858|4.0|I thought this book was pretty spiffy.  It was the first book since I've started my binge of reading that I was actually captivated by it.  I wasn't paying attention to page numbers or anything else going on in the world.  And I used to love it when there was lots of dialoge especially when the author dished it out well...but this book barely had any and I couldn't have made it better.  The only downside to it was the ending.  Since the book was building up to be so good I thought the ending would be like &quot;KABLAMO!&quot; but it was just like &quot;boom&quot;.  yeah that's all
0345403959|4.0|Read this only after you've read the Belgariad/Mallorean series and don't mind getting a different view of the character of Belgarath.<br />BtS begins where &quot;Seeress of Kell&quot; left off: in the Vale of Aldur, where the family has gathered to witness the births of Polgara's and Durnik's twins. Soon after, the topic of Belgarath's true past comes up, and Belgarion, Durnik, Ce'Nedra and Polgara begin to bully Belgarath about writing his memoirs. Belgarath remains obstinate until his wife Poledra suggests that memoirs would be a fine idea indeed. Having no choice anymore, Belgarath unhappily hunkers down to tell the story of his life.<br />In the days when the gods walked the earth, he was born in the ancient pastoral village of Gara and orphaned young, gaining himself the name of Garath, &quot;of the town of Gara.&quot; Here he learned to steal, lie, and cheat in order to survive. In his own words, &quot;Larceny seethed in my grubby little soul.&quot; The boy Garath runs away, stays awhile with the cursed people of Ulgos, and eventually finds his way to the Vale of Aldur. Lost, cold, starving, angry with the harshness of life and ready to die, he is taken in by a kind stranger: the god Aldur.<br />Garath the boy-thief grows into Belgarath the Disciple. Here, the other disciples appear, some of them through hilarious situations that only Eddings can pen. Zedar (&quot;he looked like a Tolnedran, or possibly an Arend&quot; - an insult), Kira and Tira the Alorns, Makor the Melcene, Sambar the Angarak, and Din the Dwarf. Each of these sorcerers is well-made and unique and for the most part, fit with the later/previous stories.<br />Unfortunately, Belgarath's character takes a turn here from the colorful character we learned to love in Belgariad/Mallorean. It seems he isn't really quite as bright as we thought him to be. One would think that someone his age would have learned a thing or two in his lifetime. You may say &quot;Well, he's Belgarath, he's taking liberties with his story.&quot; Still, his tales aren't what one would expect from someone as accomplished as Mister Wolf the traveling storyteller. There are far too many discrepancies between this book and the previous ten. There are times even his cunning seems more accidental than planned. The old Belgarath was more fun: the rootless vagabond who drank too much, gambled, chased women (&quot;wenching&quot; - only Eddings could use the term with such aplomb), pocketed things that interested him. The old Belgarath sat in smoky taverns drinking himself into high spirits while he winked at passing barmaids. Since BtS was obviously written after the local Temperance League got their hands on Eddings, we learn that Belgarath wasn't really drinking... he was just making it LOOK like he was. He was only pretending to be drunk so the scary Murgos wouldn't notice him. He wasn't really winking at the pretty barmaids, he was just blinking from all the soot in the air. He wasn't really snoozing in the saddle, he was actually calculating the number of blankets he would need to keep the army warm. His stained, worn, mismatched clothing wasn't accumulated through travels and travails but was carefully designed by the best tailors on the continent. While this new true Belgarath may be politically correct, the old one was more entertaining. The idea of the most powerful sorcerer in the world having numerous flaws and vices made him more believable. Remember, Polgara feared that Belgarath would be a bad influence on the young ones. He wasn't perfect. Well he is now, except for having fewer working brain cells. As strange as this may sound, I felt betrayed.<br />Eddings strains with some of the other major characters in the book. Just because Fulrach and Anheg, Silk and Barak behaved in certain ways shouldn't mean all of their ancestors behaved the same way. Some were indistinguishable from their descendants. On the other hand, the various Salmissras were almost caricaturish in their differences.<br />The Eddings Duo kept their smooth writing style present in the previous ten, and the humor is as sharp as always. When I finished BtS I went back and reread the entire Ten, and alas, Belgarath wasn't the same exciting character I had loved for years.
B00005221M|2.0|I absolutely agree with &quot;dmw from Washington State&quot;.  The DVD version is barely two stars; the theater and VHS version is more than 5 stars.  dmw's description of the Theater, VHS and sadly the DVD versions are exactly on the mark.  &quot;The VHS widescreen version in THX is a wonderful piece of entertainment.  Unfortunately, this Director's Expanded Edition has destroyed the flow and continuity of the original.&quot;  The DVD version is a tragedy.  Buy the VHS version and if you have a chance see this movie in the theater.
B00005ABIP|2.0|While this album does contain all of the requisite Cake elements--horns, deadpan lyrics, really random references--it lacks the punch of previous efforts, most notably Fashion Nugget. The only song that even measures up to expectations is Sheep Go to Heaven, which includes the memorable line, &quot;The Gravedigger puts on the forceps.&quot;
0380789019|5.0|It takes you to an entirely different world, it's a darker type of world but it's amazing. Neil Gaiman is an excellent writer and gives just enough detail to get a picture but let's you fill in a few details of your own. His style of writing is definately unique and it's a nice change of pace. It's just like the cover reads &quot;A dark contemporary Alice in Wonderland&quot;.<br />I also read Stardust and will read anything else he puts out, great work :)
B0000508U6|5.0|People who label Coldplay as too derivitive must still talk about Radiohead and Travis in the same breath and buy Q and Mojo as soon as it hits the stands.  Coldplay sounds like other bands in the sense that they use guitars, keyboards, a bass, and drum kit to produce the music.  Chris Martin does have a passing resemblance to Jeff Buckley in terms of vocal stylings, but his effortless switch between throaty growl and soaring falsetto calls to mind Bono more than anyone else.  They sound nothing like the Radiohead today, and while one or two songs sound Bends-ish Coldplay manages to distinguish itself by blending the warm tones of a Takamine guitar with electric noodling.  The rhythm section is tight, especially for guys who only just picked up their instruments.  In terms of individual songs there are several highlights:<br />Sparks - a wonderfully mumbled ode to love and its inherent messiness.  Key line: &quot;I won't let you down...nononononono....yes I will.&quot;<br />Shiver - fast paced but soulful, good transition in tempo.  Key line: And I want you to know that you'll always get your way.&quot;<br />Spies - paranoid, tight, weird intro sounds that segue into atonal guitar strums.  Key line: Down hear I cannot see from fear.&quot;<br />Yellow - overplayed radio song but lovely nonetheless.  Key line: &quot;...for you I'd bleed myself dry.&quot;<br />And ca c'est tout.
0380804557|5.0|I checked out his novels because I'm a big Tori Amos fan, well I thought it would be great when I scanned through some in the store, wow it's incredible. It's so neat to see some fairy tales for adults :) he writes wonderfully and I was completely absorbed in the book plus excellent character development. I cared so much for each character and I wasn't disappointed with the ending either :) Great read!
B000056K04|4.0|I was worried buying the CD without any reviews but it's not bad at all.
B00004RHZU|5.0|1) she does not follow in anybody's footsteps, she is unique and new and does what she likes. 2) her music is really deep and each song has a meaning. 3) her voice is great. she is a perfect soprano with lots of pitch. 4) she continues to amaze and inspire me after a year of listening to her music. if you like good music, you'll like her songs. my all time favorite is &quot;split personality&quot; followed by &quot;there you go&quot; and &quot;private show.&quot; highly reccomended.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Usually in any musical group, one person far outshines the other members, sometimes undeservingly, but in the case of Lauryn Hill, this could never be true. She deserved the attention. As the lead singer of the New Jersey-based hip-hop/R&B group The Fugees, you heard Lauryn's beautiful alto voice on hits such as \\"Fugee-la\\", \\"Ready Or Not\\" and the wildly successful remake of the Roberta Flack classic, \\"Killing Me Softly With His Song\\", which basically sold the Fugees' CD it came from, THE SCORE, in 1997 and made it a Grammy contender. There was no doubt in anyone's mind that as good as her groupmates Wyclef and Pras were as rappers, Lauryn was clearly the best of the three, and she didn't really need them because she was REALLY good. While I loved the Fugees as a group, I have to concur that Lauryn is probably the best female MC of all time and it was eventual that she would do something on her own.<br /><br />When Lauryn decided to do just that and made THE MISEDUCATION OF LAURYN HILL, she was showing the world that she was not just the lead singer or rapper in the Fugees, but a prolific and sensitive songwriter, too. This multiple Grammy-winning CD is well worth the hype. When I brought this CD in August 1998, I knew I would like it, but after listening to it several times over I realized that this was no ordinary CD. It has its bangin' beats for those who are looking for that, but it also has a touchingly tender side to it, which is what mainly attracted me to this CD in the first place. Lauryn displays a side of hip-hop here that we rarely see in that genre: vulnerability and a woman's point of view. Take my two favorite songs, \\"Ex-Factor\\" and \\"To Zion\\" , which features Carlos Santana and his hyponotic skills on the electric guitar...they both make me want to cry with the raw, honest pain and frustration of loving someone who constantly lets you down, and thinking about the unconditional love you can have for your child. Absolutely bordering on brilliance! Lauryn wrote these songs from her heart and you can tell by the passion she possesses as she sings them. Obviously they hold deep meaning for her, and she successfully transfers those emotions to the listener.  And even though I'm not as much into hip-hop like I once was, I loved all of those cuts on it, too. Lauryn has an incredible flow on her hip-hop tracks, her skills rivaling those of the most furious male rappers. Her lyrics are powerful, spiritual, intelligent and thought-provoking...for example, you have GOT to check out songs like \\"Lost Ones\\", \\"Forgive Them, Father\\", \\"Superstar\\" and \\"Everything Is Everything\\"!! And she has given REAL R&B new life. This sista has TALENT! Don't sleep on her or this CD. I guarantee, you will love everything on it. Just put it on and prepare to be blown away. I hope Lauryn is around for a long time, putting out superior material like this!!hese songs from her heart and you can tell by the passion she possesses as she sings them. Obviously they hold deep meaning for her, and she successfully transfers those emotions to the listener.  And even though I'm not as much into hip-hop like I once was, I loved all of those cuts on it, too. Lauryn has an incredible flow on her hip-hop tracks, her skills rivaling those of the most furious male rappers. Her lyrics are powerful, spiritual, intelligent and thought-provoking...for example, you have GOT to check out songs like \\"Lost Ones\\", \\"Forgive Them, Father\\", \\"Superstar\\" and \\"Everything Is Everything\\"!! And she has given REAL R&B new life. This sista has TALENT! Don't sleep on her or this CD. I guarantee, you will love everything on it. Just put it on and prepare to be blown away. I hope Lauryn is around for a long time, putting out superior material like this!!
B00003CWL6|5.0|This is not a bad movie at all. It does however take an individual with a half bit of creativity, imagination and intelligence to see this movie for what it's worth. If you're the kind of person that can see past the figurative shell of the movie than this is the movie for you. If you are the kind of person that only watches movies where everything is laid out in front of you for you to sit back and not have to think, of course, you will not like this flick. <br />American Beauty is about our crazy, messed up society in the good old US of A in the suburbia that more than half of us live in. It is also the story of everyone, hiding or changing their true selves to fit a desirable lifestyle.<br />Watch this movie if you are into reading into the movie for underlying meanings and symbolism. The acting is suberb also.<br />Important: dont waste your time with this or any other good movie if follow along the same foolishness that Mar. 23's review delivers.
6305161992|4.0|With Dolph Lundgren and Brandon Lee as the heroes and Tia Carrere as the love interest, nothing can go wrong. The plot is standard, the bad guy killed the hero's parents. The hero grew up became a cop and found the bad guy. But the movie is quite entertaining and you can watch it over and over again. The DVD is in full screen only and the picture is a bit grainy but quite clear and bright. The Dolby Surround sound is OK, nothing fancy typical of  Warner's ... budget DVD series. Since a special edition (this year is the 10th anniversary) is very unlikely, this is the only one you can get. Get this DVD if you are an action movie fans. You won't be sorry.<br />One last note: it is sad to see Brandon Lee career ended so early when he was up and rising after &quot;Rapid Fire&quot; and on the way to his fame in The Crow. There are only a few Brandon Lee's movies out there and this DVD certainly worth adding to your DVD collection even for the sentimental reason.
6302787068|5.0|I had heard that this was the first Disney movie that would appeal to adults too. I realised this when I saw it for the first time ... the humour is several notches above what we expect from Disney. This is a breezy and magically animated adaptation of the popular Arabian Nights fable which every kid has heard time and again. Disney's take on this often told tale is simply marvelous. The animation, the background score and the vibrant colours are spellbinding. But the best part about the movie ... the voices !!! Brilliant voice over by Robin Williams for the genie. Only he could pull this off. Also the voices for Jafar and the parrot Iago are fantastic.  The music in this film is enchanting and complements the movie well ... buy the soundtrack Album as it is one of the best Disney scores I've ever heard. I have seen this movie more than a hundred times in the last few years and still haven't got tired of it. My only regret... If only this were available on DVD as I've worn out the tape in certain parts because of repeated viewing. This is a must-see Disney movie and definitely one for your Home Video collection as it appeals to all ages and can be watched as many times as possible without being bored.
6301008944|4.0|I have loved this movie since the very first time I watched it as a 9 year-old child.  This movie taught me what [not] to do in my future babysitting exploits.  Just one quick question for the movie aficianados out there.  Was there ever a soundtrack for this movie?  It just so happens that this movie contains a song [ok, maybe a few] by one of my favorite bands: Southside Johnny and the [Asbury] Jukes.  <br />Ok, back to my review.  This movie was my first introduction to the very talented [but sometimes overlooked] actor, Vincent Phillip D'Onofrio who plays Dawson.  I have loved him as an actor for a long time.  &quot;Mystic, Pizza&quot; anyone?  Elisabeth Shue truly shines as the bewildered babysitter.  She is able to convey both strength and vulnerability throughout this movie.  The opening scene where she lip-synchs the words to &quot;Then He Kissed Me&quot; by The Crystals cements her character in this very enjoyable movie.  <br />I must say that Anthony Rapp [Darryl] steals every scene that he is in.  My favorite scene in the movie is where they sing in the blues club - it makes me smile everytime I think about it.  <br />Buy this movie.  It is a must-have for any family with pre-teen -teenage children.  I plan on buying it soon; I recorded mine off the Disney Channel and let's just say it is not the same with certain phrases dubbed over throughout the movie.
1878424114|5.0|Very clear written, most spirtual books just inspire me and remind me, but this one really showed how life works and what i can do to change what i want to change.<br />The first time i read it i didnt like it much but the second time after a year its one of my favorite books. =^)
B00004YYDI|4.0|&quot;The Professional&quot; is a great film!  But &quot;Leon - The Professional&quot; is the uncut version with extra footage, and that extra footage, while sometimes enlightening, alters the tempo of the shorter version, and not always for the better.  It slows it down in spots, and even adds a touch of unsettling lust to it.  Granted, the extra footage provides some insight to some story details left unexplained in the shorter version.  Not that &quot;Leon...&quot; isn't also a great film.  But I think some of the extra footage was perfectly fine resting on the cutting room floor.  Still worth watching, though.
B00004W221|5.0|Rudy has to be the ultimate sports movie next to Hoosiers. A person doesn't even have to be a football fan to appreciate this movie. The production, acting, and story (based on a true story I may add) are all outstanding.   Rudy has heart like no other!! This movie will make anyone feel great- it will stick with you!!   Rudy is a movie that is very close to perfection!!
B0000025D0|5.0|It's a hard, hard album with a sound so brilliant, gorgeous and true that there really oughtta be a law against it just so we could break it. This is the climax of American Rock. This is where it became clear that Rock has come home to stay after a world tour of disillusionment and nightmare. It is tired, ragged, angry, moving, but still spirited. A grizzled fighter with one last bout. It feels like the Okie standing in front of the tractors in The Grapes of Wrath. That kind of rage. Empty handed, wanting someone to hit, hopeless but not gone yet. <br />But there's still that spirit, a vestige of the youthfulness of Rock still in it. It conjures up bits of Eddie Cochran, Roy Orbison, Elvis, Johnny Cash. It stands next to Tom Waits' Blue Valentine like brothers coming to the same conclusion through different paths. It's brilliant and hungry. Listen with care.
B00004VW0V|1.0|I'm a HUGE Cat Stevens fan.  I have purchased all the remastered cd's.  They all sound great except for this one.  I seriously doubt they got the original master tapes on this one. The drums have absolutely no punch whatsoever on this disc.  This disc has the dynamic range of a normal run-of-the-mill cassette tape.  Please guys......I'm begging you......find the original master tapes and reissue this again to correct the blasphemy of this cd.
B000001AKM|5.0|Lionel Richie has to be one of the most talented song writers and performers of all time and this CD shows what he's made of!  Every song is awesome!  Glad to hear he's making a comeback - looking forward to hearing and seeing more of him!
B00000JGHM|5.0|This L.A. crime saga is epic in scope and flawlessly executed.  Its three-hour running time might scare some first-time viewers off, but don't be one of them.  This movie is tense, exciting, and meticulous in detail.  The first time I saw it was in the theaters, and its length was a bit taxing because I was tired before the movie started.  But subsequent viewings at home (and I have watched it A LOT) make me love this movie more and more.  It has high tech robberies, fierce shootouts in downtown L.A., and a wonderful soundtrack featuring Moby and others.  This movie sets the high standard for the genre.
B000056K04|5.0|I have to admit, when I first heard &quot;I did it&quot; I was like....what is this???  I wasn't too happy about the change Dave Matthews has decided to take.  But after listening through the album I realized that this is a great album, yes it's unlike the others but on it's own it is a GREAT album.  Although I do have to admit that I think their release song &quot;I did it&quot; is the worse song on the album and maybe his worse song ever.
B000002UAR|5.0|To begin, I would like to say that the Beatles revolver is a fantastic CD and that it stands out from the other Beatles CDs because so much of the lyrical content focuses on things other than love and getting high, which just gets old after a while.  There is a wide variety of different kinds of tracks, all interesting, and all with wonderful tunes and good lyrics.  &quot;Here, There, and Everywhere,&quot; &quot;Eleanor Rigby,&quot; &quot;Taxman,&quot; &quot;And Your Bird Can Sing,&quot; &quot;For No One,&quot; and &quot;Got to Get You Into My Life&quot; are the supreme tracks on the album.  However, any good album, not to mention that album voted the best album of all time by multiple (at least 2) groups, should have a strong ending.  The ending to Revolver is an experimental track that might have been interesting in the 1960s, but is rather boring now.
6305313687|5.0|This movie weasels it's way into my mental top 10 list of all-time great movies.  It's such an emotional roller coaster ride from start to end.  Ed Norton puts forth his best acting effort yet.  The whole cast was picked perfectly.  This movie is a must see!!!!
B000002MU3|5.0|1. What's the frequency Kenneth A great opener- starts out with the guitar LOUD. Then Stipe puts in his vocals*. NO WEAK SPOTS. Try not to skip or f-f. VERY CATCHY and RINGS A BIG BELL. 2. Crush with eyeliner- starts out like #1 with a loud guitar. One of those that may make you want to rewind over and over. Then gets weird with Stipe sounding weird. When i first heard it it was familiar. 2nd verse weak spot. STRONG SPOT AT &quot;I am Smitten&quot;.  3 King of Comedy- very weird track- listen. 4. I dont sleep i dream (ur choice...) i reccommend skip- it's to OOTy. 5. Star 69 Too good to be a R.E.M song. The loudest on the album. The weirdest lyrics ever.PLAY ...2becontinued...
6305263248|5.0|Frankenheimer reminds us why he is the master of filming car chases.  This movie was only a moderate hit in theaters, but if you have a large-screen TV and a good sound system you will reap the rewards of this film's action scenes at home.  This is one of the few intelligent espionage thrillers of recent years.  But the absolute highlight of this DVD is Frankenheimer's running audio commentary.  He launches into exquisite detail about the production of this film, and it is all interesting.  The man really loves his high performance cars and drivers!  DeNiro, as usual, is perfect.  Watch for a small but pivotal role by Jan Triska, previously seen on American screens as the would-be assassin in Milos Forman's \\"The People Vs. Larry Flynt.\\"  Largely unknown to American audiences, Triska is regarded as the Lawrence Olivier of Czhekoslovakian stage and screen.  Yes, I know I misspelled Czhekosl-, er... Chzeck-, Checkosl-, oh, whatever.  Let's see YOU do it without looking it up.<br /><br />****  November 2010 edit:  As of this writing the Blu-ray edition of this film, while reasonably priced, does NOT include the bonus features that came with the DVD releases.  There is no alternate ending and, most criminally, no director's commentary.  John Frankenheimer's director commentary on the DVD is a \\"must-hear\\" commentary.  It is one of the better director commentaries on the market.  It is a shame that the studio that released the Blu-ray wouldn't pony up the bucks to import it (or any other bonus feature except a trailer) from the DVD.  This is not uncommmon, unfortunately.  The same thing has happened with a number of newly-issued  Blu-rays at bargain prices.  \\"The Thing\\", \\"The Thomas Crown Affair\\", and \\"To Live and Die in L.A.\\" suffered the same fate -- the Blu-ray has fewer features than the DVD.  I can think of a couple of reasons why the studio might make that decision, but at the end of the day it comes down to this: the studios don't even treat their own films with the same reverence that the customers do.  Typical.  ****e reverence that the customers do.  Typical.  ****
B00000JPH5|5.0|You'll love it! It's about a girl who wishes some goblins would take her baby half-brother away so she wouldn't have to babysit him. But when it really happens, the goblin king offers her an oppertunity to try and get to his castle in the center of the labyrinth before the time is up or the baby becomes his. She accepts not realizing that the labyrinth is magical and things aren't always what they seem. She meets some very unusual friends on the way that will for sure make you laugh. David Boweie has written great songs for this movie! Buy it today!
B000056K04|1.0|\\"DMB FIRED PRODUCER LILLYWHITE, AND WILL START FROM SCRATCH WITH GLEN BALLARD, PRODUCER OF ALANIS MORRISSETTE.\\" When I heard the news, I said to myself, \\"Hold up. This is DMB we're talking about here! What are the odds that they sell out?\\" Well, the answer is: greater than zero.<br />On \\"So Right,\\" the fiddle completely gets the shaft, and as for LeRoi, the solo in \\"So Right\\" is downright pathetic. There's also too much rehashing: the beginning (can we say \\"Drive In Drive Sellout\\" ?) and the main theme (straight out of \\"Too Much\\"). The jams disappear as well.<br />And if you think that's bad, \\"So Right,\\" in my opinion, is one of the CD's best songs. \\"Angel\\" and \\"The Space Between\\" sound more like Goo Goo Dolls than anything else. As for Tinsley's rap in the middle of \\"I Did It,\\" the gooey, half James Taylor/half Backstreet Boys \\"If I Had it All,\\" and the repulsive references to S&amp;M on \\"When the World Ends,\\" I don't think I need to say anything. Worse still, \\"Everyday,\\" one of the better songs, is actually a copy of DMB's \\"#36\\". \\"Dreams of our Fathers\\" is OK, but again without the jazz-inspired jams that made DMB so unique and such a sensation.<br />The whole CD is simple chords, simple arrangements, and greed-inspired overproduction. If you listen closely to most songs-\\"Fool to Think\\" and \\"The Space Between\\" in particular - synthesizers run rampant. It's disgusting to think of Dave resorting to what Britney Spears uses because she lacks the talent to play real instruments. And the instrumentation - an issue the producer often-time affects - features little-to-nothing from LeRoi's sax and flute and Boyd's fiddle, while little whirring noises and synthesized keyboards spin around in the background. And to top it all off, the new producer helped write the songs - a strategy normally reserved to *NSYNC.<br />Look at all those problems in the above paragraph, and most of them trace back to one thing: Ballard, the new producer. The lack of jams; the lack of sax, flute, and violin; the ugly synthesizers; the glossy overproduction... it all goes back to Ballard. Normally, I would have nothing against the man, but it would seem as though he's single-handedly brought down the Dave Matthews Band on this CD. Moreover, Dave's songs from the mystery Lillywhite sessions - such as Bartender, Grey Street, Grace is Gone, JTR, and others - are still floating around on Napster. But instead of using these, he headed over to Ballard and sold out.<br />Don't think Dave doesn't know. He's been quoted as calling this CD \\"musical diarrhea.\\"<br />Baseball critics say of Roger Clemens' 1999 season, a season in which he performed fine but not on par with his earlier years, that he had a Career Year - just not his career. Similarly, Everyday is a Career CD, but not worthy of Dave Matthew's career. Of course, there's another phrase baseball critics coined: \\"It's always about the money, especially when they say it's not about the money.\\"
B000002HPV|5.0|Being a huge Bjork fan, I am led to enything she produces. With my rating I would like to express that I enjoyed the album because of its ingenuity and uniqueness. I can agree that some of her vocals and the pulsing, stuffy quality of the music can be a test with the nerves, nevertheless when I hear Bjork's voice, it all fits together, and I would like to express and make a small ode to her with my rating in that she is one of those individuals that opens herself for the world to see-and she does it through her songs. She once said of herself that she thinks she is &quot;narrow-minded&quot; because she looks at the world through &quot;the eyes of love&quot;, and how poignant it is when you listen to the lyrics of her songs on this CD! Also, I noticed some raters had mentioned Bjork as not having as much or any musical talent-well, for the record, she started composing music on her very own piano which she purchased-at the age of 10. I found &quot;Joga&quot; particularly interesting as topic matter-supposedly a song about her best friend whom she is very close to, and audibly inspired by her visit to Iceland during a Christmas break, where she witnessed the northern lights, and heard the ice melting and cracking all over the countryside She describes it as it &quot;sounded like popcorn&quot; in which she is trying to convey with the beat of the music, and the string-like background, to convey her emotion. I wished I knew more about what drives her personally to produce this each piece of this haunting and beautiful music, because it leaves me with a feeling of complete and overwhelming satisfaction.
B000002G26|5.0|the album &quot;so far so good&quot; is a collection from all bryan biggest hits till 1993.all of the song s are just great but i think(and i hope you think same as me)that the best song is &quot;everything i do(i do it for you).this song is just amazing!!!!!.i can hear this song all day and i will not get tired of this song.i think that the lyrics of this song(i'll fight for you,i'll lie for you,walk the wire for you,i'll died for you!!!!!)are just amazing.i became a bryan fan since i heard this song for the first time.another song that i really love in this album is &quot;please forgive me&quot;-great ballad song.i also like &quot;heaven&quot;.i like more the ballads of bryan then his rock side of him but his rock songs are great too.
6302968143|5.0|My whole family watches this movie every Halloween. We never get tired of it! A long time ago in Salem, Massachusets, 3 witches would suck lives out of little children to make themselves younger. But when Thackery Binks stumbles on to their secret while they steal his sisters soul, they turn him into a cat that will live forever. When the townspeople find out, they get really mad and hang the witches, but if a virgin lights the black flamed candle on Hallween night, the 3 witches will come back. Now it's 1993. A boy lights the candle to impress a girl and the witches come back to reek havic. They must suck lives out of alot of children before the full moon, or they will vanish forever. The only problem is the kids have the book. You don't want to miss this. Your family will watch it for years to come. Buy it today!
B000002TQV|5.0|&quot;the bends&quot; is brilliant. loud unusual grunting guitars coupled with incredible lyrics conveyed through a soulful, passionate voice. thom yorke and johnny greenwood make radiohead a great band. both play off each other and compliment each other beautifully. yorke's  intelligent, superb lyrics and fantastic voice. greenwoods volatile, inventive guitars. sheer magic. less inventive than the slightly better &quot;ok computer&quot;, this album is an instant favourite once heard by the listener. &quot;high and dry&quot;, &quot;just&quot; and &quot;fake plastic trees&quot; ensure that. yet it could hardly be pigeon holed as run of the mill, right down the line rock and roll. its got some beautiful fragile songs that often burst into dramatic finishes (&quot;fake plastic trees&quot;, &quot;sulk&quot;, &quot;nice dream&quot;). it oozes class from start to finish and it is hard to fault this wonderful composition.
B00004W5UA|4.0|This movie is phat, I hiered it from the video store tha other week and I loved it. Next time i'm at tha video store I'm gonna get it out again cuz itz a true classic!
0140277447|3.0|Perhaps it was the author's intention, I understand. Certainly this is a story that needs to be told. Certainly I agree that lying about what happened is wrong, that covering this up and pretending this never happened is wrong. But the tone of the book as much about a desire of reparitions, apology and revenge against Japan than it is a story of an extremely disturbing atrocity amidst the larger horror of war. The call by the author for Japan to stress this wrongdoing to school children I frankly do not agree with. History is not always pretty,nor are there many societies that behaved through their history on the high moral ground. But stressing the bad just to be a catharsis of culture, hurts children's image of their nation and culture. It's happening here in America right now, with subjects such as slavery and treatment of Native Americans.       Social and political opinions aside, the historical tidbits that are little known will be of interest to the history student and the general story will be shocking and eye opening to the general reader. Certainly the author has a great passion for her work and I do not want to downplay her effort. The story of the Westerners who tried to help the Chinese civilians were particularly inspiring (even as I felt a veiled anti-Western tone to this book in general). The story of Mr Rabe and Dr Wilson are important. What great heroes and what sad endings.      I would recommend this book, despite some disagreements on point of view.
B00003W8NO|5.0|This is a wonderful movie about friendship! Woody is a cowboy doll who has been Andy's favorite toy sinch he was a baby. But now Andy has a space ranger toy, Buzz Lightyear, and Woody feels left out. But when Woody and Buzz end up in the real world alone, they have to work together to survive and get back to Andy's house before he moves. But the evil Sid who torchers toys for fun has captured them. Now they have to escape from Sid and get back to Andy before it's to late. You'll love it! Buy it today!
B000002UJQ|5.0|i had this album about a year before i REALLY listened to it. i now rate this album (along with Oasis' &quot;morning glory&quot;) as the best ever made. there is no fault with it. highly inventive (&quot;paranoid android&quot;, &quot;airbag&quot;, &quot;the tourist&quot;), wonderful melodies (&quot;karma police&quot;, &quot;lucky&quot;), brilliant, sometimes confusing lyrics (&quot;paranoid android&quot;) and a passionate fiery voice behind the songs. johnny greenwoods guitar is so fierce and innovative you lose track sometimes.  this album needs some listening but once given the time it deserves it is seen as what it truly is...a work of genius
B000001E7V|4.0|I got this CD through a music club 5 years ago not knowing what to expect from this CD but as soon a I put in on I was in love with it and it inspired me to buy Tricky's later albums. I love the thumping beats from 'Overcome'. I also like 'Brand New...' 'Ponderosa' 'Pumpkin' and the cover of PEs 'Black Steel' better than the original. 'Hell is around the Corner' sounded like a 'Glory Box' rip off but it's okay. I would reccomened anyone who isn't into mainstream top 40 music to buy this one. You'll be listening to this for a long time.
0800177177|3.0|Of all the movies featuring the infamous &quot;Count,&quot; this is the most sumptuous. The visuals are often stunning, and the musical score, with its piano and cello played in minor keys, blends well with the images. But &quot;Bram Stoker's Dracula&quot; manages to be like its undead title character in only one sense: it's live on the outside and dead on the inside. A pervasive eroticism fills the picture, evoking Anne Rice's vampires more effectively than Stoker's classic monster. The sexual air of this film is mixed with depictions of horror that sometimes make for a truly grotesque concoction. Some of the scenes can be absolutely gruesome to behold!<br />The acting is either overdone or mediocre, depending on the performer. Gary Oldman goes over the top with his idea of &quot;Dracula&quot;; his often unintelligible, pseudo-Romanian accent requires frequent use of English captions. (As luck would have it, there is only Spanish or Korean to choose from on this DVD.) Anthony Hopkins's work as &quot;Professor Van Helsing&quot; is so campy that it's embarassing; Winona Ryder provides an unremarkable turn as &quot;Mina&quot;; and Keanu Reeves's job is virtually intolerable. Reeves seems to be the star whose acting everyone loves to bash. I feel that this criticism is exaggerated, but I quickly learned to dread his &quot;Jonathan Harker&quot; making an appearance!<br />As for the quality of the DVD, the audio and video are excellent. Fans of this film will be pleased to see that the considerable lushness of the picture has been nicely preserved. It's a good thing, too, because there are NO supplements on this disc. If your only concern is the movie, you'll get a technically strong, relatively cheap product.
6303149200|5.0|what a beautiful film. it starts off so innocent and gradually gets more and more bizzare and sinister. The all-star cast is brilliant. Chritopher Lee is a Genius and the same can be said for Edward Woodwood. please come, say how do. enough said. buy this film, now. you won't regret it and you'll understand my incoherent mumblings. I'll say it again, buy this film in its 86 minutes of niceness and your life will never be the same again. Thanks for your time. bye
0316286850|5.0|His 2nd best-selling book, a follow up to his debut &quot;The Art Of Makeup.&quot; I found out about this book when Kevyn Aucoin, the best-known makeup artist, was on Oprah. Needless to say, I was fasinated, seeing the makeovers done (on the show, and in the book)I longed to see this book. When I finally found this (and his first book), I flipped out, I was addicted to his book(s). Like his new book, &quot;Face Foreward,&quot; this book is not only for women I feel, but also for aspiring actors, for people who want to have fun, ect. Kevyn Aucoin shows us in his view that there are no rules to makeup, as long as you like it. He has diiferent sections teaching tecniques, showing the different parts of the face, and many looks, like the &quot;soft look&quot; with Tina Turner (by the way, he is the only makeup artist that has ever touched her face-in the past she had always done her own makeup). A part where he shows before-and after pictures of friends and family (he makes up his Mom and sisters), and saving the best for last, showing the many celebrity faces transformed into someone else. A flood of celebrity's, become chameleons, not only pictures, but also showing us how to do it ourselfes. Lisa Marie Presly into Marilyn Monroe, Isabella Rosilinni into Barbra Streisand, Demi Moore into Clara Bow, Nicole Kidman into the 60's &quot;Ingenue,&quot; and transforming a handsome friend(a man) into the beautiful &quot;Showgirl,&quot; and &quot;The Player.&quot; And not to mention Vanessa Willaims as the &quot;Chanteuse,&quot; a picture she used for her Christmas album cover. The rest is filled with more celebrity's, models, and loads of great fun. And one of the best things about this book, besides the beautiful pictures, is that you get to know Kevyn-a real nice, warm, kind-hearted man who seems to have something nice to say about everyone. If you like celebrity's, makeup, beautiful pictures, ect, then learn from the best, Kevyn. This book is for you. This book is for everybody.
B000006045|5.0|I bought this because it had gotten some good reviews from magazines. Wow. This a really good CD and I liked this much better than Blue Lines. This is so uncommercial to me. This isn't one those in it for the money kind of CDs. Massive Attack is one of few groups that doesn't try to copy from anybody, they're in a league of their own. I love every track on this album but Group Four and Angel are my favorites. Mezzanine is best listened to in a dimly lit room or in the middle of the night when you're half alsleep. It'll make  you feel as if your in another world. If you're taking baby steps into Trip Hop music you should definately get this album.
B000002J0B|4.0|This record is,in my opinion,a much better example of the sweeping,epic,and evocative prog-metal sound the band was going for on thier previous record.The ringing Jimmy Page note-cluster that opens &quot;The Song Remains The Same&quot; signals a much better realized vision.The gently pastoral &quot;Rain Song&quot; is gorgeously ruminitive and meloncholic,and the dense,forboding &quot;No Quarter&quot; will get under your skin and stay there.Overall the album is the most varied and eclectic thing they ever did:James Brown funk(&quot;The Crunge&quot;) collides with quasi-Reggae(&quot;D'Yer Mak'r&quot;),along with the usual riff-slinging(&quot;Dancing Days&quot;,and &quot;The Ocean&quot;) to set the stage for Led Zep's pinnacle,coming a couple of years after this.But,this is essential because the bracing exploration of this record made it possible.
B000056K04|3.0|Let's be honest.. while most &quot;dave fans&quot; (a staple which ive come to hate) are either raving about the step in a new direction on everyday or cursing at its unfamiliar sound.. im still undecided about what to make of it.  When I first listened to it the saturday before it came out, I sighed when all I heard was a remarkably over-produced dave matthews album (and i do mean only dave matthews album) and the lack of musicianship that has become the band's trademark over the last 10 years.  I mean honestly, Boyd Tinsley is incredible and on this album i count on my hand the number of times he is heard over the electric guitar.  Another thing, not one song tops 5 minutes which is uncharacteristic of the dave matthews band.  Ohh, and its beyond me why they didn't include some of the lilywhites.  I realize that dave and co. wanted to go fresh with it (as he said in rolling stone) but &quot;grey street&quot; and &quot;grace is gone&quot; are classics!! Albums bright spots: So right (im loving the energy), Mother father, Everyday, Space Between.  I know that this summer when the band hits the usual stadiums, the songs on &quot;everday&quot; will be much longer and im sure the jams will be in place.. or at least i hope they will be.  bye
B000002J1U|3.0|Led Zep's third record is where they decided to throw all thier new fans a huge curveball:in place of thier famous gut-bucket blues,they here present virtually an entire album of gently strummed folk laments.For a band who made it's name with a heavy blues sound it's not bad,but any random Crosby Stills and Nash album does this a whole lot better.It's probably better to see this album as a necessary step in reinventing thier sound and attitude,as Led Zep were never a band to rest on it's laurals;in leaving thier initial fan base behind,they opened up fertile vistas to explore.In doing so,they ushered in thier golden age.
B00000IQMT|5.0|This is a brilliant soundtrack!! i love it! it is exciting and fun and reminds you of the film. Anyone who likes Braveheart will like this!!! There are some tracks in the middle which get a bit boring but my favourite track is the Augie's Band (Track 17). it just makes me smile whenever i hear it!!! i would definitely recommend it! ... :)
B000002J09|4.0|This album is the knee-jerk choice for most people's lists of the best rock albums ever,which is fine,simply because it offers easily-digested examples of all the hard-rock orthodoxies exploited by countless bands in the years sinse it's release.And,of coarse it's got &quot;Stairway To Heaven&quot;,undeniably a great song,an epic achievement,no matter how sick of it you think you are.The problem is,it's just not Led Zep's best work.&quot;Black Dog&quot; has a rather uninspired riff pattern,and the middle section is annoyingly repetitive.&quot;Misty Mountain Hop&quot; has not aged well;it's dopey hippie-boogie nowadays sounds like an outtake from a Blind Melon album,and &quot;Four Sticks&quot; should have been an outtake from THIS album.Of coarse it also has the timeless &quot;When The Leavee Breaks&quot; which is more patented Led Zep blooze but is anchored by perhaps the greatest back-beat in rock history:just listen to any of the countless hip-hop,techno,and ambient recordins that have sampled it for proof.And &quot;The Battle Of Evermore&quot; is just gorgeous,with elegantly pastoral mandolins chiming away,and the late,great Sandy Denny(Fairport Convention) turning in an unforgettable vocal.Led Zeppelin IV is a good album to have for a pat,unchallenging over view of a genre of music,but serious Zep fans may find themselves wanting more,nevertheless,it's worthy.
078401213X|2.0|I was a trifle disappointed with this film. Ocassionally these sorts of arty farty movies are outstanding, occassionaly they are so-so, and sometimes they are a flop. This fits in the middle for me, with the following reasons.<br />The idea was first class. A mathematical recluse, highly intelligent, with an existential existance, serching for a pattern to the stockmarket, and the natural world at large. He is ever so close to a complex formula he believes is the basis not only for the stockmarket, but for much of nature. The world has patterns, the language of nature is math, or so he believes. He has brief encounters with numerological sects, who somehow find out about him, and corporate thuggery, who want to steal his formulas for the stockmarket. (These experiences incidentally don't do a great deal with his tendancy to paranioa).<br />But although these ideas are very good, the film never gets off the ground. The encounters with religious sects could have been done with more subtlety, and developed more carefully. People who encounter religious-like sects don't usually do so with all bells ringing, usually one is drawn in deep before the reality manifests itself (eg Eyes Wide Shut). The corporate thugs also aren't stupid, they needed to be portrayed more deceptively, and developed more carefully. The film overall has little structure, even though these ideas themselves are very good.<br />And where is the escapist music? Where is the dreaming peace of the paraniod recluse? And the film needn't have been all dark; contrast light with dark, and the dark becomes more potent, and more meaningful.<br />Arty movie, great ideas, but could have been so much better.
B000002J03|4.0|There are maybe five records in the hard-rock pantheon which could truly be called &quot;essential&quot;(&quot;Appetite For Destruction&quot;and&quot;Paranoid&quot;being two of them),and Led Zep's second platter is definately one of them.In fact,it could arguably be called THE hard-rock album of all time.It includes the timeless hormone-stoker &quot;Whole Lotta Love&quot;,all peacock strutting and lustful riff-slinging,backed by John Bohnam's sternum-crushing stutter-step.It sounds like James Brown in a very,very aggressive mood.The whole album is like this,it's amazing the sheer consistency the band maintains on this,they never let up.As a blueprint for all-out hard-rock assault,this one's hard to beat.
0553106635|5.0|This book by far surpassed my expectations.I knew it would be great and all that,but damn G.R.R.M. plain and simply srewed up my world with the story line.This book was going just the way i suspected and wham....characters who i thought would make it die on me and then the unredemable find salvation.All i have left to say is if you haven`t read this excellent work of fiction,Then do so now.
B00003CXP1|1.0|I guess I'm in the minority on this one, but I think Aronofsky once again missed the mark with Requiem. Like Pi, what could have been a better movie was ruined by the heavy-handed directing and a story that just doesn't hold together. <br />This movie was filled with way too many idiots for my taste. That much stupidity and tragedy in the story just made it seem ludicrous and over-the-top...I also got very tired of the high-speed montage sequences.  <br />To it's credit, I thought Kronos Quartet's music added an interesting facet to the movie. Burstyn's and Wayans' acting was also very good. The tragedy of this movie is that in the end, it really didn't have anything convincing to share with the audience. My advice is that Aronofsky should work with a good director before attempting to make another film on his own. Please, people! Don't encourage him. ;-)
B000000OSO|5.0|When I bought this CD, I liked it from the start, Aerosmith continued their streak of great albums with their first one of the 1990's, remember &quot;Pump&quot; is from 1989, but released in April 1993, &quot;Get A Grip&quot; quickly became one of my favorite albums from Aerosmith.  It all started with the rockin' song &quot;Livin' On The Edge&quot;, great song along with a great video, the song was a big hit, next comes 3 songs that introduced Alicia Silverstone to America, first in the trilogy was &quot;Cryin'&quot;, just an all out great song and the first video to include Silverstone, the song eventually became a top 10 hit, next is one of my favorites, &quot;Amazing&quot;, which to me is just that, this was the second Silverstone video, the song hit the top 20, and next was &quot;Crazy&quot;, the fourth single, which landed at #17, this is a good slow song, this is the last of the 3 videos Alicia Silverstone appears in but it also has Steven Tyler's daughter Liv in it for the first time(but not the last), &quot;Eat The Rich&quot; was a rock standard and was released giving this album 5 hit singles, &quot;Line Up&quot; is another song that should have been released, &quot;Get A Grip&quot; definitely compares nicely to the albums, &quot;Pump&quot;, &quot;Nine Lives&quot;, and &quot;Just Push Play&quot;.  Aerosmith keeps on going and that's the way I like it.
0345403959|5.0|It was amazing...You have to read both the Belgariad and the Mallorian first or you wont understand some of it.  The story fills in the blanks that were left after Eddings finished the two previous series.  We all know that Belgarath is probably the funniest character in the whole story, and this is the story of his life.  Some of it was a little slow going, but the rest of the story made up for that little tidbit of slowness.  I loved this story, and highly recommend it to you iff(if and only if) you absolutely loved the Belgariad and the Mallorian.  READ IT! READ IT! READ IT! I DON'T CARE HOW, BUT READ IT!!!!!
B00004X01U|5.0|&quot;Music&quot; from Madonna has become one of my ALL TIME FAVORITE ALBUMS, for the past two days I have listened to every track front to back and even mixed it up a little bit, and came to a conclusion that this album &quot;Music&quot; is simply a TERRIFFIC ALBUM, and just a joy to listen to.  &quot;Music&quot; and &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; the first two singles off of this album have been favorites of mine well before they hit the top 10, &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; is very close to being my favorite Madonna song ever, and I like alot of her past songs, now comes the song that I have been playing even before in was confirmed a release, &quot;What It Feels Like For A Girl&quot; is the third single, and a GREAT SONG, Madonna's voice sounds SO GOOD on it, and personally I don't see what's wrong with the video I didn't think that it was all that violent, not with Eminem and Marilyn Manson still around, but back to &quot;MUSIC&quot;, this is an album where every song could be released as a single and do well, with songs like &quot;Amazing&quot; and &quot;Runaway Lover&quot;, this album is just a pleasure to listen to every song on here is good, and an A+ for this album is not enough, it's superb, excellent, outstanding, hitworthy, and fun. A++++++ for one TERRIFFIC ALBUM!!!!!! Song scale from(1-10)(10 being the best) 1. &quot;Music&quot;(13) 2. &quot;Impressive Instant&quot;(10) 3. &quot;Runaway Lover&quot;(11) 4. &quot;I Desevre It&quot;(10) 5. &quot;Amazing&quot;(14) 6. &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot;(10) 7. &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot;(please-20)(Lyrically the Best) 8. &quot;What It Feels Like For A Girl&quot;(15)(Great Ballad) 9. &quot;Paradise(Not For Me)&quot;(10) 10. &quot;Gone&quot;(12) Great, Great, Great, thank you for a great album Madonna.
B00002E233|1.0|I think this movie was trying be sort of a jaws. They failed! Its about a group of experyts trying too help humans by curing Alzheymers disease with a cell form sharks. They accidentally made sharks smart. It is a total blowout with people getting arm bit off, heads bitten off, and one girl is eaten like a patato chip at the end.
B000005YZM|5.0|I'm over 40, been listening to rock/pop since '65, and didn't hear this whole album until last week.  I've been cheated for the last 30 years!  Odessey is probably the most beautifully crafted psychedelia this side of Love's Forever Changes, a disc which plays in my head for many hours after just one listening.  It even has a story line that constantly re-plots itself according to your mood.  Absolutely in my Top Five after only 10 days of listening, and I'd bet it will still hold rank after 20 years!  A wonderful, thoughtful work of organic genius!
B00005ATQM|5.0|When I saw this title first announced at the Members Area of The official Metallica Club, I simply screamed out, &quot;Hurrah&quot;. <br />Finally, we all can have the greatest album in the world, on the new and amazingly great media DVD-Audio; you will be surprised by the \\"best\\" sound quality ever. Just imaging you surrounded by great music.<br />My advice to you all. Buy this DVD, Its GREAT
B000058983|5.0|I bought this album on vinyl in a used record shop in 1980, mainly because of its rating in the Rolling Stone Record Guide.  I'd never even heard of the band.  The first listening sessions hooked me instantly because of the melodies, unusual use of instrumentation, and bizarre titles of the songs; the subsequent 20 years had me playing the disc roughly twice a month, mainly out of need, curiosity, and admiration for its paranoid genius.  Forever Changes is a gentle snapshot in the meltdown of a young man (Lee)who seems to be conflicted by his love for life and a conviction that it is going to end soon (and badly) for everyone. The album deals poetically with everything from Mommy Issues (Aloneagainor), Daddy-man Adoration (Old man), Girlfriend Issues (Andmoreagain, Bummer in the Summer), Life's hectic drudgery (Daily Planet, Andmoreagain), The joy of social bopping (Between Clark and Hilldale), &quot;Everything's-getting-dark-I'm-slipping-away-why-me?&quot; (House is not a motel), &quot;Society sucks, so maybe I'm better off dead anyway&quot; (Live and let live, Good humor man), &quot;Society sucks, you'll be better off dead, too&quot; (Red telephone), and finally &quot;I'm slippng away, but I can deal with the injustice of it all 'cause I see it all so clearly now&quot; (You set the scene).  The recurring dread of the lyrics is wonderfully offset by the beauty of the music, creating a product so emotional that you empathize immediately (if you truly posses a soul)!  And there are real moral lessons to be absorbed.  For example, Bill and Hillary should be forced to listen to You Set the Scene until they memorize: &quot;And the time that I have left is just a little while/And the things that I must do consist of more than style&quot;.  And everyone should memorize Live and Let Live's opening line: &quot;Oh the snot has caked against my pants/It has turned into crystal&quot; if for no other reason than it even makes mucus lovely to contemplate, an opportunity that does not often present itself without chemical assistance.  Buy this brutally honest album and be blessed. Don't let anyone else interpret it for you, ignore the liner notes in the excellent Rhino reissue, and just listen to it for several years. There will never be another one like it.
6303022901|5.0|THE JOY LUCK CLUB: this is actually a wonderful movie about family relationships even though some people thought it was just an Asian flick.  It's poignant, moving and surreal in the sense that it combines the same mistakes that the mothers made (as shown through flashback sequences) comparing it to the daughers who are going through similiar trials.
B00004KD1A|5.0|This is a Must Have CD. I cannot say enough about this guy and his ability. The only negative thing I have to say, is this is a single album. From Shinkicker to Shadow Play, just turn it ALL the way up, and rock the neighborhood. Turn your friends on to Rory through this album and with one listen they will be hooked too. This guy never got his due. He mostly toured in the North East, when he came to the States. I had the opportunity to meet him on more than one occasion, and what a guy. He had a great following. I can give him the highest compliment possible, which is &quot;He looked like he was having more fun onstage, than you were&quot;. Thanks Rory.
B00001OH1S|5.0|The music didn't resonate with me until the end when STING sung the WINDMILLS OF YOUR MIND.  Very dreamy, very thought provoking and very mellow.<br />I'm a big fan of jazz, as well as STING, so I went out and got it.  Bill Conti's piano sections are excellent, too.<br />Every time I play this the people in the room relax and smile more.  One of my friends went out and bought it the day after he heard it at my place.<br />Would highly recommend but only if you like jazz.  Oh, one reggae style song on here, too.
6304595247|5.0|I found this film far more true to the classic novel then I did with the 1939 version.  It made me feel for the characters as if I was reading the novel.  I would recommend this movie to others who may wish to see a really good remake of a classic story.  I don't think any directors could do better than this one.  Those who say the first movie was better, are wrong.  The first one was good but this version is truer to the novel.  Far more passionate and romantic.  It was great and that is why I rated it five stars.
6305399212|5.0|ALIENS: a mix of horror, sci fi and action; an updated haunted house; great monsters; their blood is acid which burns through metal; like Grendel in BEOWULF; great overall story; fast paced; scary and a blood rushing roller coaster ride.  Remember...&quot;Game over, man, Game over&quot;  From Lance Henrickson, I believe, who went on to star in TWISTER with Helen Hunt; a not so great movie.
B0000025DV|5.0|This album was just recently bumped from 2 to NO. 3 on my altime favorite albums by Roxette 'Have a nice day' (STYX 'pieces of eight' being no.1)<br />I think one of the biggest mistakes ELO ever made was not releasing 'Jungle'. Every one I  have ever talked to that has heard it, loves it, with its footstompin' beat and fantastic melody. Mr Bluesky (one of the songs responsible for me becoming an elo fan) wild west hero, sweet talkin woman,and turn to stone are all 4 star (A) night in the city, standin in the rain, summer &amp; lightning, big wheels are good 3 1/2 (B+ - A-) and the rest are no worse then 3 (B)<br />NOTE to all ElO fans: if you don't have it, look for Tandy &amp; Morgan 'Earthrise' (thats Richard Tandy formerly of ELO) this CD is moving up fast on my all time favorites, and I suspect it may surpass 'Out of the blue' into the No.3 spot. it is very rare and difficult to find but VERY WELL worth it.  Material is simmular to 2095, Here is the news, 4 little diamonds, Danger Ahead,. 3 of their sogs are featured on ELO friends and relitives. If you have heard those songs, the rest are that good or better.<br />I didn't care for elo's first 3 albums, (which is a mystery to me why all of Jeff Lynnes Pre- ELO stuff is so great i.e. Move, Idle Race)then face the music I thought was good, after that, Lynne could do no wrong (except for 'Sorrow bout to fall'- BOP and 'Mandalay' - Afterglow) my oppinion of jeff lynne is he is right behind Freddie Mercury (Queen) of greatest Rock Geniuses ever. (Abba's Bjorn Ulvaeus is right there also.)<br />I don't know why some of these cridicts you see here, complain of elo changing from their early stuff. EXCUSE THEM FROM WANTING TO MAKE SOME MONEY AND GETTING SOME TOP 40 HITS!!! Which they were not going to to with songs like 'Mr Radio' and 'Look at me now' and 'Mr kingdom' <br />This album is simply a must, Weather you are an elo fan or not.!!!!!!!!!!!!!
079213690X|5.0|BRAVEHEART: great epic piece; issues of truly living for what you believe in and not just living; not to mention some excellent characters and action sequences and a picture which moved.  FREEEDUUUUM!!! J
B000059WH0|1.0|out of 12 songs, I thought 1 was good,1 alright and the rest were crap (although some had good rythem and beat but not much else) I will say this, I only listened to the album once, and sometimes it takes a few times for an album to grow on you, but I don't see that happening with many of those songs.  Ill stick with the Toto of the early 80's where Toto IV ROCKS.
B000002H2H|5.0|This cd is their best cd they ever made. They done everything right on Ride The Lightning and it shows. They are now in the recording booth for their next cd and I would recommend them to review this cd and try to make their next sound like this. On the movie &quot;The Green Mile&quot;, the main song for the movie should have been &quot;Ride The Lightning&quot;.
6302859204|3.0|As a resident of the White Mountains, I can tell you that there is a lot more to the story than is shown in the movie.  My rating of the movie is tainted mostly because I don't think they did a very good job of recreating the people or the area that these events supposedly occured.  It's really not that bad of a movie at all and is pretty much worth your time.  Just don't assume that it is complete non-fiction.
079073463X|4.0|Intriguing tale about a couple cursed by a jealous bishop, Navarre(Rutger Hauer) who is a wolf by night, and Isabeaux(Michelle Pfeiffer) who is a hawk by day(raptor aficionados will note that the &quot;hawk&quot; is actually played by a booted eagle, but who cares?). A young Matthew Broderick puts in a very funny performance, and overall the acting is generally good, and the plot keeps your attention.  <br />But that soundtrack...ugh! Why disco/synthesizer for a medieval setting? What were the producers thinking?
B00000IAU3|5.0|This is definitely the best album I have, Dido is my favorite. She really knows how to sing, and she is sure a very cool performer. I just love all her songs, and the best track in this album is &quot;Here with me&quot;....I just can't get enought of this AMAZING ALBUM...I think that it is just what people are looking for in music....
6304712499|3.0|A simple plot and lots of special effects. The  movie could have been better. The story is a bit boring and fake but will keep you entertained. The movie lacks the abilities of Spawn. It should have shown more about him and his costume, and it would have been better with his mask on more often instead of that burnt face. It will keep you entertained but, you will probaly not want to see it again.
B00004XQ83|5.0|I just think that this soundtrack is amazing....It is just like a mix of all the great songs that you are looking for...I loved this album more than anything, If you don't have this soundtrack, you better get it really, really, soon. GET IT AND YOU WILL NEVER REGRET IT..trust me on this one.
B00003CXA6|5.0|Martin Sheen shows General Lee as a tortured human being, a man not a God who had to deal with poor support, poor supply, and the constant worry about keeping his ramshackle army together in the midst of a wild card campaign. Lee screwed up at Gettysburg when he wouldn't listen to Longstreet and that was depicted with brilliance in the movie. Gettysburg was Lee's greatest blunder and I'd rather watch a movie showing him as a human being than as some saintly untouchable Southern icon myth.<br />Ted Turner put this movie together brilliantly, especially the largest collection of Civil War artillary ever fielded for an event, over 300 Napolion 20 pound field guns were used in the artillary duel before Picket's charge.<br />Sadly, Richard Jordon was lost to cancer after this movie, what a great actor, I will never forget his performance as Lou Armsted.
B00003CXPD|5.0|Jamie Bell is definitely better than Haley Joel Osment. This movie is amazing...it is just fantastic. I think that this movie will be famous for more than one or two years. Julie Walters is a great actress. This movie is very funny and I just love it more than any other movie I've seen so far. GET IT AND YOU WILL NEVER REGRET IT!!!!
0800116917|5.0|i too saw this movie several times in 1962 and was as captivated by it as i still am today.  I always thought Peter O'Toole should have gotten best actor for his performance.  The acting, music and scenery are truly excellent! I own both copies of vhs the edited and the extended version.  If asked what is the best movie ever made i would answer without hesitation &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot;. It is an inspiring movie as well when you consider what T E Lawrence  accomplished during World War One. He tells Alec Guiness in the movie &quot;Nothing is Written&quot; and proves you can do anything you set your mind to do if you are motivated.  There are a lot of great movies none greater than this one. It is a classic.
B00004TH83|4.0|I discovered Lara Fabian listening to &quot;Love by grace', which is a very popular song in Brazil, since it was included in the soundtrack of a popular soap opera here.Lara is a wonderful singer and will surely have a long and successful career. <br />This CD is really great and will please all kinds of listeners. Though most part of the tracks are romantic, you can find in this CD great dance songs such as &quot;I will love again&quot;, &quot;I am who I am&quot; and &quot;Till I get over you&quot;. &quot;Givin up on you&quot; is good as well, and was included in dawson's creek soundtrack.<br />My only complaint is that SONY did not include in this CD, as a bonus track, the ballad version of &quot;I will love again&quot;. This is one of her best songs and the dance version is not as good as the romantic one.
B000000H57|5.0|WoW, well first off, the whole cd is awesome. The music is just so melodic, the guitars are tuned down 2 whole steps, and u get a deep, heavy sound, with Steeles vocals, its amazing, this band deserves more credit, there incredible, this is by far, my Fav type o negative record. There newer one, ( World Coming Down ) isnt as good as this one, if u like melodic, gothic, heavy , but slow, check this out, there an awesome band, give this one 5 stars, i luv everysong !!!!
B000002GJH|4.0|I think this CD is very well done and shows alot of emotion. The boys from MLB are right on with the playing of and show alot of the talent they later showed on Pearl Jam's Ten. Chris Cornell vocals and lyrics are amazing and really capture the album and make it memorable. On the low side, I think alot of the songs sound the same; Four Walled World, Your Savior, and Reach Down. Hunger Strike is amazing and I'm glad Eddie got to do some lead vocals on the album. Pushing Forward Back is the hardest track and really gets you pumped up. Call Me a Dog is a awesome ballad that stands out from the rest of the album. The other track that blows me away is Wooden Jesus. It has strange yet catchy lyrics with Mike McCready playing some amazing guitar. Overall it is good and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys the grudge scene.
B00004Z4SD|5.0|the film is perfect. The DVD is not. I bought from Canada and it not in widescreen format. It's in a poor full ratio one.
B000002AZ8|5.0|This is a really amazing album. Its is not like Ten or Vs. ,which are very good, but it represents their best work to date.If you scatch off the last track and some other gimmicks this album is completely flawless. It has beautiful ballads, like Nothingman and Immortality, and some hard rock masterpieces like Spin the Black Circle and Satan's Bed. It can display every emotion you go through in life and everyone should one it. The highlight is Corduroy. This is the greatest PJ song ever! It just really instills something inside of me when I hear it.I cannot even sayy more words to tell you why you should buy it. So just do it.<br />Dont get to freaked out by the book. I dont really understand it myself.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|This album truly is amazing.  I was skeptical when I first bought it; but, have realized it is one of those rare pleasures--every time I listen to it, there is a new song that I absolutely love!  At the moment, my favorites are Enfilade and Rolodex Propoganda (all you Iggy Pop fans out there--this song truly rocks!) ATDI is unique--it will appeal to hard rock fans and punk fans alike.  They are exciting and catching.  I promise--if you buy this cd, it is all your cd player will be playing for a while!!!!!
B000002KAT|5.0|I couldn't begin to describe what a good chord or rhythm consisted of nor could I distinguish one vocal style against another, I can tell the reader that listening to any of Van Morrisons early solo recordings are like listened to my dearest friend. Someone who I've neglected on occasion yet he has never forgotten, let alone abandoned me. I press that play button and instantly I feel him smiling at me and welcoming me back to experience another journey as fresh and exciting as our very first. Like a gentle breeze through my thoughts he clears my mind and we travel together. Music and song are not always about tapping your feet or strumming your fingers on the table or chair, nor does the listener have to understand it or know what instruments are used. Recordings such as Austral Weeks or Moondance cannot and should not be compared to other recordings. It would be like comparing my personal experiences against someone else's. The poetry of Van Morrisons lyrics and accompanying music is felt as an honest sharing of his life's experiences and a reminder that we all experience passion, joy and on occasion some sadness. Ultimately it is all exhilarating.
B000009QPK|5.0|Firstly, let me tell you that Slayer, in my opinion, is the best heavy metal (or to be more precise, `Thrash') band ever. Decade of Aggression is one of only a couple of live Slayer recordings. Decade of Aggression has two CDs: the first is a of an entire concert recorded live at Lakeland Coliseum in Florida, USA, in 1991; the second CD features selected songs from a concert at Wembley Arena in London, 1990; and a concert in San Bernardino in California, USA, 1991.<br />This album was produced when Slayer were at their best. They had recently finished their superb album Seasons in the Abyss, and the albums that they had produced before were by far heavier and more satanic than their albums of late.<br />The songs on this album are nothing short of incredible-the selection is amazing, although I would've liked Skeletons of Society (on Seasons in the Abyss) as well, which is one of my favourite songs of all time, and it's not too heavy at all (if you're used to Slayer). Here are some of the very best thrash songs ever produced, and the atmosphere and ambience, which live recordings can capture far better than studio recordings, enhances all of these songs immensely. The Florida concert on CD 1 begins with Hell Awaits, probably my favourite song of all time with its amazing intro of hellish chants and unsurpassed guitar work; it's a song melodic and hard rather than insanely heavy but less clever. There are many other Slayer classics here, including War Ensemble, fast and brutal; Seasons in the Abyss (title song), very melodic and amazing to listen to; Angel of Death, which is absolutely incredible live and one of Slayer's most famous; and on the second CD, Die by the Sword, Captor of Sin, Born of Fire, Postmortem and Spirit in Black are some of Slayer's heaviest songs.<br />Between many of the songs on Decade of Aggression, the band talks to the audience, from a simple scream of \\"Angel of Death!\\" to the short talk concerning the audience in the mosh pit at the front where they tell people to \\"keep an eye on each other\\", and \\"that's what we're here to do, help each other out\\". Although it's a little strange coming from a Satanist band, it does make Slayer seem decent people beyond their musical talent. I guess they didn't want to be responsible for any deaths, as any band wouldn't. Also some songs are tributes to wars and massacres, and Mandatory Suicide tributes all those who made it back alive from the Persian Gulf (thematic): a tribute to America.<br />Overall this album is a must. If you're a fan of Slayer, Pantera, Megadeth, Black Sabbath, Ozzy Osbourne etc, and can enjoy heavy antichristian music, buy it now! But if you only like mainstream `new generation rock' like Limp Bizkit, KoRn and Marilyn Manson, buy it by all means but don't complain if it's too hard for you; and if you like the more lighter, gothic Black Metal, including the excellent Cradle of Filth, you should find Slayer great; and Death Metal fans should be Slayer fans already. Slayer may be old, but their music unsurpassed by anything. And by the way, this isn't `Death Metal' like Nile, Cannibal Corpse, Suffocation and Last Days of Humanity: with Slayer you can (usually) hear the lyrics as they don't use voice changers to make their voices growl like the devil, though Tom Araya's voice is brutal enough! The music is generally heavier than death metal, though not quite as insanely fast as Nile.<br />Downsides? Well, as I said, I would've appreciated Skeletons of Society on here, though most of Decade of Aggression covers the heavier Slayer albums like Reign in Blood rather than Seasons in the Abyss. There's also a little South of Heaven and Hell Awaits to top it off.<br />I think the best song on the album is Hell Awaits seconded by Angel of Death; the heaviest is Postmortem.<br />Go on, buy it, certainly if you're new to Slayer, and if you're already a Slayer fan this album should be already residing in your CD rack.
B000003TB6|5.0|Flashback to the Hip Hop scene of 1993-1994. To parallel the jazz split between East Coast Hard Bop and West coast cool of the late 50s, is the emergence of the G-funk movement in the west as East coast rappers grew progressively hardcore and millitant. Musically, this would be a low point for afficionados of this genre who refused to be polarized into either extreme. Enter the Roots.<br />While previous forays into merging hip hop and jazz (see A Tribe Called Quest and Digable Planets) relied heavily on sampling, the Roots must surely be unique with a sound crafted with acoustic instruments from very competent musicians. With a name like &quot;Black Thought&quot;, resident lyricist with the Roots, one would expect his message to be peppered with heavy political overtones. Not quite. With a flow that relies heavily on scatting, he confesses to being &quot;raised in the cellar with a rhythm like Ella&quot;, no doubt, a significant influence in his style.<br />Drummer Ahmir Thompson is the instrumental musician holding down the mix. That much is evident to the casual listener. He plays with a jazz sensitivity but his pounding backbeats lets the listener know that this is primarily a HipHop record. No simple task as most of todays acid jazz records feature a drummer wandering around aimlessly torn between the two genres. Thompson's work is even more impressive on D'Angelo's &quot;Voodoo&quot;.<br />These days, the tracks on the album read like acid jazz classics. &quot;Proceed&quot;, &quot;I remain calm&quot;, &quot;Mellow my man&quot;, and the live &quot;Essaywhuman?!!!?&quot; with a refreshing take on gospel influenced call and response. The self-described organic feel of the album contrasts directly with just about all else in Hip Hop. You know that you're hearing real musicians play real instruments. These guys cut their teeth in jazz clubs and not the studio.<br />As technically proficient as this group is, music, after all, must be felt. Give these guys a listen,especially if you're into A Tribe Called Quest, Guru, Mc Solaar and Digable Planets.<br />Highly recommended.
038533348X|5.0|Pardon the hyperbole.  This is the best book ever written.  Kurt Vonnegut traces the story of Lionel Boyd Johnson (recognize the initials), the story of a man washed ashore on a Caribbean island to find his match in the island's self appointed not-so-evil major domo. What's lacking on this island?  According to the dictator's limited exposure to philosophy (Charles Atlas' theory of Dynamic Tension -- retrieved from the back of a childhood comic book), what's missing is a kind and gentle counterpart, a false religious leader who can divert the attention of island residents from the poverty surrounding them.  He empowers Mr. Johnson, renamed Bokonon, who enchants island residents with his restated version of the creation, written in \\"calypsos\\", a lyrical guide to just how God manages to gets things done.  If you've somehow managed to get this far through life without reading this book, buy it now.  You'll become a devout Bokononist, finding yourself singing a calypso alone at night \\"Nice, nice, very nice, see how we all fit into the same device\\".
014028009X|3.0|Helen Fielding is clearly a very talented writer, and 'Bridget Jones' is a very entertaining read. I do suspect, though, and hope, that she has a better book in her. You sometimes feel when reading this that Fielding is not quite telling it like she wants to, and is holding back for some reason. I'm a big fan of Brit Lit, and while I would recommend this, I do think that there are much better books of this kind out there, like India Knight's 'My Life on a Plate'. It's hilarious, politically incorrect, intelligent, and unlike 'Bridget Jones', you really feel that Knight is saying everything that she wants to say. By comparison, fun and entertaining as 'Bridget Jones' is, it reads like only half the truth.
B00000JKH2|5.0|i can only give this 5 stars? id give it 20.i listen to alot of music and this 7 song masterpiece gains a place in my top five favorite albums of all time. the first song, &quot;rascuache&quot; has one of the most wonderfull solos(if you can call it that) ive heard.&quot;heliotrope&quot; is my favorite song of the bunch and you will end up listening to it over and over. &quot;198d&quot;, &quot;metronome arthritis&quot; and &quot;proxima centauri&quot; are also great.they are so intense yet somehow tender at the same time.they pack about 10 albums worth of material into 7 songs. i wish all bands would do this.they sound like a cross between fugazi, rage against the machine, nirvana,black flag and rem, with something all their own.just get this.please.
0783225792|5.0|This film takes on the two very appealing subjects in our culture today. Las Vegas and the Mafia. <br />CASINO is compared to GOODFELLAS and pardodied as a part two movie. A sequel it is not, yet it picks up on the same aspects of extreme, true to life violence that coincides with the reality of the thuggish life of organized crime. <br />The film is based on the Book CASINO by Nicolas Pilleggi. Though the film is more focused on mob take over of Las Vegas and the loss of such, the relationship between Stone's character and every male in the film it misses some of the more interesting parts of the book. <br />The book catches the mechanics of the deal of putting together a casino, which would have been a great facet for the film, but which is swept away in a few shots. <br />Nonetheless, the mechanics of the shots infused with the music are mesmerizing. The soundtrack infusion is even more intruiging than that of GOODFELLAS. <br />Pesci is the perfect epitomy of evil. DeNiro is the perfect idiot savant, being brilliant in business but a fool at heart. James Woods' character is convincing as the pathetic, loser pimp. Sharon Stone is great as a Junkie, hustler, femme fatale. This is the best acting Sharon Stone has ever done. <br />The patented Scorsese is here. The ensemble is perfect. Though this film is not on a classic scale as Goodfellas is in the genre, it is a must see in any case.
0684853523|5.0|I'm not a big fan of Stephen King's fiction.  I have to be in the mood to read his stuff or even see the movies.  But I liked this nonfiction piece.<br />As a writer, I'm more than willing to sit down and drink in words of wisdom from a master of the game.  I truly think he gives the reader what they are seeking -- advice and motivation.  Even a bit of inspiration (his story about Carrie selling as paperback gets a fellow writer's heart beating.)<br />I also like that his real voice is nothing like his fiction voice.  He's a real honest-to-God person who works hard at what he does -- and it shows.  Thanks, Stephen!
B00003CWTI|5.0|As if Boogie Nights wasn't great enough, PT Anderson comes back with a film on the same scale with as much impact but touching on more facets of the human condition.<br />This film comes in the tradition of films like &quot;Short Cuts&quot;. It is the same formula but this film has a pulse of its own. I feel sorry comparing the two, the formula is in both. The emotion is only in Magnolia. <br />This is a film about love, dysfunction and worlds colliding. <br />Fathers collide with thier shortcomings in missing the opportunity to spread love to their children who in turn are empty and angst ridden. People collide with their emptiness and thier shallowness and wonder... And all these people's lives collide and then frogs collide with everyone.<br />This tapestry is so tightly woven it floats. Like Jesus walking on water. This film lights your heart afire, it drowns you, it saves you. It takes you everywhere. <br />The shots are amazing. Like the people colliding, the cameras directly collide with the people via zoom close ups. <br />This film has the perfect ensemble cast. The PT Anderson acting troupe is my favorite. All the actors we are familiar with are great as usual. The guest actor, Tom Cruise, does his best work to date. He breaks the mold of his type-cast nice guy here. <br />This film encompasses so much, thus having too many excellent aspects to rave about. My sole advice is to just see the film. This is one of my favorite films ever. It is a magnum opus, operatic masterpiece. SEE IT and you'll know what I'm talking about.
B000059MEK|5.0|I was worried when this album came out. First of all, I wasn't ever very fond of &quot;One More Time&quot; when it hit the airwaves. Also, I noticed that the vast majority of the album's tracks clocked in at under 4 minutes, which along with the presence of some very cheesy lyrics scared me a lot.<br />However, I soon changed my mind when I actually listened to the disc. For some reason, &quot;One More Time&quot; sounds a lot better on CD than it did on the radio. It's then followed up by the amazing &quot;Aerodynamic&quot;, which instantly changed my mind about the album. Next came &quot;Digital Love&quot;, a cheesy but very catchy dance-pop song, and then &quot;Harder Better Faster Stronger&quot;, which makes vocoders sound fun again. From here on out, I was hooked.<br />The only tracks I don't really like are &quot;Something About Us&quot; (sort of 70's funk-lite) and &quot;Veridis Quo&quot; (too static for me). But then again, 12 out of 14 is a great track record. I'd highly recommend this disc. Daft Punk manage to create an equally great follow-up to &quot;Homework&quot;.
0790729725|5.0|THE MOVIE ITSELF<br />This movie is not only the best of the genre, but one of the best films ever made. <br />Italian Americans may get angry with the stereotypes brought about by the making of these films as the most recognizable aspects of thier culture but such as life.<br />This film chronicles the life Henry Hill, based on the book &quot;WiseGuy&quot;. His rise from neighborhood kid learning to score, to a full fledged, yet not connected mafia affilliate.<br />Scorsese is at the top of his game here. The use of popular music from every era that this film chronicles in each part is a high point. Also, the full frontal graphic parts make this one of the greatest experiences ever. These range from the fights between Henry and his wife, to Tommy getting shot in the back of the head. The Billy Batts beatdown. ... <br />This movie has a pulse and creates a timeless time on screen all its own. I don't know why this film did not make best picture.<br />The acting is all on point with every character. The most realistic/convincing piece of acting I have ever seen is the scene where Liotta(hill), pistol whips the neighbor/date/preppie of his future wife. When he is walking away from the guy he has just pistol whipped, the rage in Liotta's eyes is beyond real. It is the single most convincing, space subtraction between the human eye and the screen I have ever experienced. <br />This is a classic and it is only a decade old. People still hail &quot;Little Caeser&quot; and &quot;Public Enemy.&quot; Goodfellas will no doubt go down in the same category.<br />DVD ASPECTS <br />The DVD is great, but the seasoned DVD enthusiast will be a bit put off by the fact that the disc is dual sided and not dual layered. The audio should also be redone to suit the new audio formats. This is a classic film that should be presented in the latest technological advances.
B000002AVF|5.0|I owned this CD, then lost it.  This is, without question, one of the best CD's I have ever listened to.  9 out of the 12 songs are great songs.  That is an unusual ratio.  Normally, when you are thinking about buying a CD, only, about 3 or 4 of the songs are good.  But NINE  of the songs are good on Daydream.  I STRONGLY recommend this CD.  ( The songs I don't much care for are &quot;I am Free&quot;, &quot;Looking In&quot; and &quot;Daydream Interlude&quot;.  But the other ones are excellent.
0780631684|1.0|This is yet another in the long line of teen horror films spawned by Scream. This film has a sort of supernatural twist to make it stand out. Death is an essence is the theme, the essence you can't escape. This is just antother formulaic teen horror flick packed with teens in fashion mode, with a few bloody wrecks along the way. What I can't tell is, is this film using its stupidity of the supernatural undertones as a joke the same way Scream flicks use thier overt stupidity, or is it really meant to be taken seriously. Either way you should really skip this one.
B000005ITX|5.0|Rolling Stone magazine recently made a small mention of the re-issue of this phenomenal album, but they should have done a full-blown article on the group. I discovered them 10 years ago, when I was 16(!), and have always wished that their albums had been re-mastered properly. The liner notes say that the original multi-track master has been lost, so this is the closest so far that Love fans will get to hearing the album in the best possible way.    &quot;Forever Changes&quot; is one of those albums that rewards the attentive fan with revelations upon every listen. It's an album for people who aren't puzzled by contradictions and extreme contrasts: lovely melodies coupled with sinister, surreal lyrics; background vocals that differ word-wise from the leads; a sense of dread paired with an overall lightness of mood. It's the type of album that makes you say, &quot;How did they ever come up with that?&quot; I marvel at its scope and beauty. I listen to it when I go to sleep every night since I bought the reissue. Everyone I turn on to it, even if they grimace at first, gets seduced by its texture and warmth. When will this oft-neglected masterpiece finally get its due? As for the group's contributions to rock history: It's been over 25 years-- HOW ABOUT IT, ROCK AND ROLL HALL OF FAME COMMITTEE?
B00004U8H4|3.0|I hate mixing literature with film but I must in this case.<br />This film catches a book that seemed to be unfilmable. The film doesn't rely on violence as much as it does dark comedy. If it did it would have had a much bigger reception in the box office. When I saw this film I felt it was very reminiscent of Hitchcock. What I don't understand is why the NC-17 rating on the film for those small differences? But you miss little in the R rated as opposed to unrated version. <br />This film is so Hitchcock-esque I am suprised I did not catch a cameo of Mary Harron on-screen. <br />This film was darkly funny, but not nearly as darkly funny as the book. I wish Harron would have caught on to the manic episodes that Bateman has in the book. <br />The focus on male vanity makes this film such a comic riff on males. Where this movie fails is that it should have been more focused on the insanity of the eighties zeitgiest. It was more focused on the pure male rage and reverse psychology male bashing. <br />This narrative is that of a Wall St. New York city setting. This film could have used a NYC backdrop rather than soundstages and Toronto Canada. The Canadian psycho really turned me off.<br /> Christian Bale gives a great performance of elitist Ivy League scum. This film is him. Though if the film were to have starred DiCaprio there may have been funding for a NYC backdrop and more time to cover the facets missed. But nonetheless hats off to Ms. Harron to filming the novel that was deemed unfilmable. <br />I would take Bale as the Psycho over Dicaprio anyday.Ultimately this is Bale's breakthrough,defining performance.
B000000HU0|5.0|To my ear, many early 70s albums by British prog groups (for instance, Caravan, Robert Wyatt, Hatfield &amp; the North) sound tainted by quirky vocals.  Gong, the anglo-French consortium, caught this foot-in-mouth disease right from the start.  The earlier CAMEMBERT ELECTRIQUE has enough space pixies to last you a lifetime.  Steve Hillage, with Miquette Giraudy, still had the bug when he recorded the solo L.<br />Gong's creator, Daevid Allen, left the band in 75 -- he maintained he had been prevented from appearing on stage one night by a 'force field' of uncertain origin.<br />This 1975 outing by Gong-sans-Allen was a revelation.  A band that I'd written off as both lunatics and cheap -- it had been Richard Branson's idea to sell CAMEMBERT ELECTRIQUE for just 69p (around ...) -- suddenly demanded to be taken very seriously indeed.  A very clean production (for the time) by Pink Floyd's Nick Mason created a very disciplined, democratic performance by the band.<br />This album deserves to be much better known than it is.  It's certainly in my top 50.  My brother prefers the successor, GAZEUSE!, which has fewer vocals, and, having just read and been entranced by some of the amazon reviews of that album, I may well go buy that one.
B00003CXMG|5.0|I love this movie! This is truely one of the best movies I've come across this year. Not only does it portrait a month in the life of a journalist in the midst of a upcoming band on tour(Led Zepplin baby!), but it reflects the true meaning and feeling of a real fan. Or band-aid this the case, played by Ms. Kate Hudson, who is caught between the passion of two pursuer, William Miller and Russell Hammond, who reflects Cameron Crowe and Jimmy Page, respectively. Before you watch the DVD version of this file, I recommend you read the Rolling Stone article written by Cameron Crowe for Led Zepplin under the Special Features. I'm sure you'll enjoy this movie. Peace, love, and music.
B00000IL1K|5.0|To hear it one more time is to have one more dream in heaven. It is a long time since I got to know her singing. But every time I enjoy it, something new comes to my mind. And all those common words,&quot;beautiful,wonderful...&quot;, really can't match it. Once her singing comes into your ears,you'd never want anything else,you'd believe that the truth is in the dream, while the reality seems so untrue.They can grow on your heart like seeds. And while true things are getting fewer and fewer, we'd better be wiser to get something really valuable, Sarah's never let me down.
B000053VAF|5.0|If you're looking for a great review, just read what that Brad guy had to say. If you're looking for a no frizz review, engage reading now! To begin with, this film was off-the-cuff blasphemy that you can't find anywhere else. It wasn't really making fun of religion, just those zealous practitioners. Although Dogma wasn't Kevin Smith's finest work of art, it was truly entertaining. If you want a good laugh on a saturday night and you're not a tight A-hole then rent it. Otherwise go to church and be happy. (Not that that's bad or anything - just don't email me.)
0064407667|1.0|I am a teacher.  I loved allof the Harry Potter books and was told that this was a similar series.  Wrong.  This book is awful.  It is about three orphans who are physically &amp; psychologically abused by their caretaker.  It also dumbs-down the vocabulary, by explaining what each word means in the text of the story (as if you are reading a dictionary.)  I couldn't even finish it and I don't say that about many children's books.
0671004611|1.0|In a nutshell, an army Colonel should know that the Soviets introduced the &quot;Backfire&quot; bomber in 1970, not 1957. I doubt Pope Pius would request an audience with a lowly army officer, and for the same reason his claims of working with postwar government in Italy are not entirely plausible. And if the cover-up has been succesfully hidden from U.S. presidents from Eisenhower on, how would Reagan have known about it when supposedly negotiating with Gorbachev for the SDI? Laser technology is not an alien invention, but has been around (in theory) since Tesla, read about him. Nor is night vision, in use since World War II by the Germans on sniper rifles. If the aliens had stealth technology, how were we able to pick them up on primitive 50's era radar? How were we able to shoot down a UFO capable of incredible speeds with a Vietnam era missile? How could we even have achieved a radar lock if they had stealth? If most of the moon has been mapped, probed, or seen from the Earth, where is the alien base? To what end does buzzing our spacecraft serve? Why have none of our space shuttle astronauts reported anything? Why are they interested in our technology if theirs is supposedly superior? If the aliens are mindless automotons, how can they so intelligently communicate their emotions? If they are automotons, who's pulling the strings? Does the story of an alien, crashed at Roswell, lying there for hours, gasping for air, and then suddenly getting up and running away from soldiers make sense to you? Why would the alien communicate its pain and suffering only to the observers (who later told the story, how convienient) and not to the actual MPs who were carting it away on a stretcher, which would make more sense? I don't discount the idea of aliens simply because I don't want to believe it but this book is definatly the result of Birnes' imagination coupled with a sprinkling of some of the events (non-alien) that happened in Corso's life. He dies a year later, and even his family says there are inaccuracies in this book. End result - very boring fiction.n his family says there are inaccuracies in this book. End result - very boring fiction.
B000007S5B|5.0|this is probibly one of the best doors cds out therethis had alot of songs that are played on the radio still today it has some the doors biggest hits like &quot;hello i love you&quot; and &quot;not to touch the earth&quot; and &quot;the unknown solder&quot; to vh1 what were you thinking this is defently one of the best doors cds not &quot;the doors&quot;
B000006045|5.0|I grew up with with the music of the sixties, fortunately I'm not stuck in it; Massive Attack's &quot;mezzanine&quot; is easily my personal choice of best album of the nineties. Multilayered, the first 5-6 listenings I felt as if I was listening to a different record each time. Their mix of music is exciting, creative and exquisitely dark, without being depressing. Choice of Elizabeth Fraser is perfect.
B000007S5B|5.0|this is probibly one of the best doors cds out therethis had alot of songs that are played on the radio still today it has some the doors biggest hits like &quot;hello i love you&quot; and &quot;not to touch the earth&quot; and &quot;the unknown solder&quot; to vh1 what were you thinking this is defently one of the best doors cds not &quot;the doors&quot;
B00003CXE7|3.0|Among the good qualities of the DVD are the following:  1) widescreen format, 2) very revealing &quot;director's commentary&quot; to play over the film's audio track, and 3) fine reproduction of the film's picture and soundtrack.  <br />The glories of &quot;Gladiator&quot; are superficial, but the principal players do turn in fine thespian performances.  No amount of good acting can conceal the limp plot structure and the basic  sensationalism of the director's &quot;artistic&quot; vision.  The premise of the film -- that a popular gladiator could become a contender for the throne of the Roman Empire -- is ludicrous and reveals a profound ignorance of reality.  The director's commentary explains how Ridley Scott and his crew avoided dealing with authentic history in order to make this picture.  To &quot;experts&quot; who point out that this or that never occurred, or could not have occurred owing to the nature of things in that era, the filmmaker's response is &quot;how do you know?  were you there?&quot;  So they used &quot;logic&quot; to recreate Rome &quot;as it must necessarily have been.&quot;  The logic here is that of the director, the script writer, the set designer... in two words, HOLLYWOOD LOGIC.  <br />Where actual fact would interfere with the plot, the filmmakers chose to simply ignore the fact, as with the facts that Commodus ruled for over a decade, was not accused of murdering his father, had no erotic designs on his sister, fought in the arena over 700 times against men and wild beasts and styled himself &quot;The Roman Hercules.&quot;  All the film takes from this interesting history (much more interesting than the formula melodrama that is &quot;Gladiator&quot;) is the fact that Commodus liked attending the gladiatorial games, and the rest is simply swept under the rug.  <br />I enjoyed &quot;Gladiator&quot; in the theater and despite what annoys me about the movie I actually enjoy every minute of it.  The story moves along rapidly, like a riverbreaking through a dam, and the sister of Commodus is unusually beautiful, i.e. not a cookie-cutter Hollywood bombshell.  The fight scenes are suitably convincing, though edited so aggressively that it's hard to follow who's hitting who and where the fighters stand in relation to one another in the arena.  The CGI work stands as a marvel of modern filmmaking.  <br />The musical score is appropriate and really helps to energize the story.  <br />Finally, the 2:30 running time is hardly noticeable; Scott &amp; company must be doing something right to keep the film from seeming overly long.  <br />If you want to learn something about Roman history, read some books (Edward Gibbon's &quot;Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire&quot; tells the story of Commodus -- it doesn't resemble &quot;Gladiator&quot; at all).  If you want a gory, expensive-looking action film in which the good guys win, &quot;Gladiator&quot; isn't a bad way to kill an evening.
0451527712|5.0|I'm sure I was like most people in my view of Dr. Frankenstein's creation.  Hollywood has turned the creature into a life form just above your typical lizard(no offense to the lizard lovers).  However, reading this book opened my eyes, the story is incredible and the creature is far from what you would typically see on the screen.  He's a loving, intelligent being in search of a place and people where he'll be accepted and loved.  I can't recommend this book enough!!  I waited until my late 20's to read it and my one regret is that I waited so long.
B00004XOWM|3.0|I only really lisen to about 4 songs on that CD. Only 4 songs are really good on there Go Download some songs on Napster (Why you still can) and see for your self I sugg that you buy there old album.
B000007ODY|5.0|Karajan's 1970's Brahms cycle is very awake, alive, and clear.  No words in my meager mind can measure the slightest the pure sound of Karajan's copiously constructed treatment.  The great, thick Bramsish passages are awesome and the soft, peaceful passages innately relaxing.  The recording medium is nearly too thin to hear, and the performance so perfect that it also disappears, and one is left alone with Brahms to philosophize on the tremendous and delicate things of life.  Listening to this music makes one feel like one is &quot;listening to the best orchestra in the world playing the best music in the world conducted by the best conductor in the world.&quot;  Indeed, this, as Karajan's many other productions, quintessentially becomes such pure and perfect sound.  Karajan conducts as Brahms writes.  Karajan's understanding is so deep and universal that multiple understandings can be constructed from his conducting.  It is more intrinsic than specified, and pure than interpreted.
0316777722|4.0|I rather liked this book, though the humor wasn't consistent throughout. Several chapters were laugh out loud funny (for instance, the descriptions of David's french lessons) but large sections of the book in between were only moderately amusing. He certainly has lead an interesting life.
6300214826|5.0|This movie,directed by Francis Ford Coppola, shows the horror and madness that was vietnam. Captain Willaird, played by Martin Sheen,  is sent on a mission to kill Colonel Kurtz, played by Marlon Brando, a war hero who has gone insane. Full of violence, power and great acting. Especially good is Robert Duvall, head of the First Air Cavalry. He mutters a phrase that has now become a ctach-phrase of cinema. I'm sure you know it. Though the movie won two academy awards, it does make you wonder has to why the academy did not choose this for best picture of the year. The best part is when the Calvary attacks a Viet cong village near the mouth of the river that Willard has to enter to reach Kurtz. The song &quot;This is the end&quot; is one of the best ever made in my opioion. A cinematic masterpiece. The only problems, like with alot of films, is it's length and it slows down at parts.
B00000JRTX|2.0|First of all, I have to say that romantic comedies aren't entirely my &quot;basket&quot;, so my review will be somewhat biased - you have been warned. However, hopefully I will be able to limit this bias by reviewing FOUR WEDDINGS as objectively as I can, as a movie, because I can see its merits - and its downfalls.<br />I think the plot has been covered fairly well already, and is pretty much nothing more than  a &quot;boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy gets girl back&quot; kinda situation. Nothing amazing. What is amazing is the way in which Richard Curtis as a writer flawlessly captures that atmoshpere that always seem to be at British weddings; being British myself, I can say that his portrayal of the wedings (and the funeral) did completely and utterly capture the English eccentricity and reserve perefectly. <br />However, once we finally got round to the last wedding, I was yawning - it was far too much of the same thing. It would have been more interesting to put some of those characters that appeared at all the weddings in another situation.<br />When watching films such as FOUR WEDDINGS and NOTTING HILL, it is obvious just how few famous faces there are in British comedy; almost every single little cameo role in FOUR WEDDINGS  was played by a relatively famous British comedic actor or actress, right down to Rowan Atkinson making an appearance with his co-star from THE THIN BLUE LINE, James Dreyfus. All these &quot;familair faces&quot; do add to the appeal of the movie for many people, and all play their parts wonderfully, but they do seem to be typecast - hardly any of them actually played anything that was a long way from work they have already done. <br />The ending of the movie is truly terrible; it is so cheesy that I actually groaned out loud at the scene in the rain. Un until there, the movie had consintently hit just off-centre, which was nice, but the scene was unbearably predictable and trite. What was Richard Curtis thinking of?!<br />Despite allthis, FOUR WEDDINGS is a good movie - I just don't like it, but don't let that put you off.<br />Dragyn
B00003CXE6|5.0|Gladiator is a movie I saw a couple months ago and it still holds up in my opinion. Russell Crowe does a great performance as Maximus, a roman general who becomes a slave. Joaquin Phoenix is an excellent villian who is so evil you just want to gouge out his eyes with your bare hands. Like alot of epic films that get nominated for Best Picture at the oscars, Gladiator is long and a bit boring. But spectacular battles at the roman colosseum and great acting will keep you riveted right to the end. This film however should not be viewed by the weakened heart, due to graphic violence. But anyone who has a big set, is interested in the roman empire or who just likes great movies should watch this cinematic masterpiece.
0399215921|5.0|Yes, this book is about a spider but what it does is teach your child through enjoyment.  This has been my son's favorite book since he knew what a book was and he is now age five.  I even had to get the board book so he could take it everywhere, as I know I have sat down on the kitchen floor, outside on the driveway, in the middle of the supermarket because it was time to read the spider book.  My son has two older sisters' who also did enjoy this book but I see the difference between girls and boys.  A book my son never could sit still and listen he had to get up and mock each animal and sound.  This is not just for the youngest child as my daughters learned to read and it is a great early reading book.  My son has this memorized and does read it to all his friends and preschool class.  This is just another wonderful book by Eric Carle.  The author who has the most extraordinary way, of teaching the youngest child about life and all through his wonderful pictures!  Thank-you Eric Carle for the many hours my children have enjoyed!
0887081770|5.0|This book is wonderful!  My daughter received it at age 2 from my favorite Aunt who always did give the best books!  This has allowed our family library to grow and become what it is.  My daughter was, as so many children are, fascinated with the moon.  Every night she would get so excited &quot; boom boom &quot; she would say and point.  We were much to tall until I got down on the floor at her level did I realize what it was she pointed to.  Then the comprehension that it is the same moon takes about another few months as my daughter had to call her grandfather each night with excitement to what &quot; her Moon &quot; was doing and he should come over and see this.  Eric Carle does the most extraordinary job through all his books letting the child see through the wonderful pictures and learning these simple concepts, that children must learn.  This is an excellent book for any child and one of my very favorites as that two year old has turned ten, and her younger sister and brother also have gotten a wonder message and many hours from this book!  An excellent choice!
B00003CX95|5.0|Braveheart is a fantastic film in all aspects. Director, star and producer Mel Gibson really comes through with the goods in ths story about a medieval Scottish rebellion. I won't go into the plot, because most of you already know it, but this really is a first rate film. Mel Gibson has really crafted an endearing yet brutal character within the Scottish rogue William Wallace. I think he really deserved an oscar nomination for his performance here. The writing is clever. Not clever like Pulp Fiction, but rather like Ben-Hur or Gladiator. It is a solid script. Visually, this film is FANTASTIC! The cinematography is top notch and just beautiful with landscpaes to die for. The editing and costumes are also just great.<br />The DVD of Braveheart is also very good and complements the film greatly. The picture is very sharp and the sound is equally good. The aspect ratio complements the cinematography. There are also many good extra features on this DVD that expand nicely on the film. These include two theatrical trailers, which are nothing special, but are still nice to see. There is also a film commentary by Mel Gibson, which is only mediocre. What he has to say is interesting, but there are large gaps between his comments. The best feature on this DVD is the making of documentary. It runs about 30 minutes long and covers a lot more than what Gibson's commentary does.<br />If you are a Mel Gibson fan or just like good movies this DVD is definitely one for your collection.
B0000020C4|4.0|I am incredibly mad at this CD.  On one hand, it is the best recording of Les Miserables I've ever heard--the orchestration and vocal talent is incredible.  Michael Ball (Marius) and Philip Quast (Javert) are perfect in their respective roles, and all the others (except for Cosette, who I've never liked very much--why is she always cast as a dumpy readhead with an annoyingly high voice when Eponine is always the exotic-looking, beautiful girl with the strong, gorgeous voice?  and we're supposed to believe that Marius would choose Cosette over Eponine?) are excellent.  All my favorite songs (&quot;One Day More&quot;, &quot;Do You Hear the People Sing?&quot; and &quot;Empty Chairs at Empty Tables&quot;) are there in full force, and I've even come to appreciate some of my less-loved songs more through listening to this album.  All in all, the audio aspect of this recording is perfect.<br />Unfortunately, the album suffers one fatal flaw--no transcription of the lyrics.  As a guy who hasn't seen the performance five times and doesn't have enough time to listen through the entire recording enough times to memorize it, it would have been really nice to have the lyrics so that I could follow along.  After all, one of the main reasons I buy these recordings at all is so that I can sing along and, just for that moment, pretend like I'm Michael Ball belting out &quot;Empty Chairs at Empty Tables&quot; for a packed theater on Broadway.  Unfortunately, sometimes it's even tough to tell what character is singing, because Enjolras and Marius (as well as some other characters) can sound remarkably similar to each other.<br />If it had the lyrics in the booklet, I would say this is the definitive version of Les Miz.  But seeing as it doesn't, I'm going to have to take away one star and say this: If you love to just listen to Les Miserables and enjoy the wonderful music and vocal talent, this is the recording for you.  But if you love to sing along to the album and pretend you're aBroadway star, you might want to get a recording that includes the lyrics.  It's a shame, really.
B000002L9S|5.0|Madonna's 3rd album (along with 1983's &quot;Madonna,&quot; and 1984's &quot;Like a virgin), is a mixture of anthems, love songs, Spanish, 50-60's, and balladry music dedicated to her then-hubby Sean Penn. And Madonna's beautiful voice shines gloriously on this album. Beginning with the love anthem hits &quot;Papa Don't Preach&quot; 4:27, the pusating beat of the destiny sound of &quot;Open Your Heart&quot;4:12, and the dance of &quot;White Heat&quot; 4:25. To the haunting ballad &quot;Live to tell&quot; 5:45, and then to the 60's sound of the title track. And then to my favorite, the beautiful Spanish love song &quot;La Isla Bonita&quot; 4:01. If you were to buy this for 1 song, this wuold have to be it-also made a beautiful a video. Then to the 50-60's sound of &quot;Jimmy Jimmy&quot; 3:54, which sounds like she's singing about James Dean. Then closing the album is the inspirational anthem &quot;Love makes the world go round&quot; 4:27. With a beautiful cover, the words to the songs inside the cover, and pictures, this is one of Madonna's best and is truly beautiful.
B00004LN16|5.0|As I owned it the day it came out, I am buying a few of these for gifts.  I am a total AC/DC fan as I have grown up the last three decades with them.  This Album was excellent, the boyz still have it!!!  The format is typical AC/DC and each song is great and shows the talent these men have and that nobody can beat, that original style we love them for.  &quot; Can't stand still &quot; is my favorite from this set-up but the entire thing from beginning to end is great.  Even my children rock to this one and know them all by heart.  This great album as they all are, holds it's own right up there with &quot; Back in Black &quot;  They still got it!
B000002U9P|5.0|The queen of rock n'roll returned with a follow up to her smash come-back hit &quot;Private Dancer&quot; with this being my fav 80's from her. I saw the video first, then heard the CD-they'r both great. Opening with the hit &quot;Typical Male,&quot; the anthem &quot;What you get is what you see,&quot; and the ballads &quot;Two People,&quot; and &quot;Till the right man comes along.&quot; She seems to tell her life of fortune and fame in the mysterious &quot;Afterglow&quot;(the video is of her out for a night on the town). Knowing her, I was expecting to hear a dance sound, but was quite pleasently surprised with beautiful, heart-breaking ballad, the haunting &quot;Girls,&quot; co-written by David Bowie.(The video is her made up sitting in a chair, singing sorrowfully-then belting out the dramatic note &quot;feel,&quot; while girls are shown in black and white.) The smash anthem &quot;Back where you started,&quot; in which her voice sounds younger. Then to the heart-on-her-sleeve love title track, and &quot;Overnight sensation,&quot; which seems to describe her. Then to the haunting, destiny sound of the ballad, &quot;Paradise is here.&quot; Call me a sap, but when she sings &quot;its time to stop your crying,&quot; it makes me what to cry anyway. Closing the album is the electrifying ballad &quot;I'll be thunder.&quot; With beautiful pictures, the red pages have the words to the songs on it. And as for the cover? Bravo! Tina looks beautiful, with the leather jacket, and the pearl necklace gives her a touch of innocence to her sultry beauty.
B000059R8Y|5.0|It really saddens me to see that most of the negative reviews are based on the fact that this album doesn't sound like &quot;classic&quot; Clapton from the 60's/70's.  I applaud Mr. Clapton for branching out and trying different styles, knowing he'd take some heat from fans that want him to do the same stuff for 30 years straight.  He's proven time and again that he can still rock and still play the blues.  Why is it that an actor playing completely different roles is respected, but a musician playing different styles can be looked down upon?  This album definitely has a more mellow feel to it, but just be aware of that and don't expect it to be another Layla.  The songs here are sweet, and the playing superb.  Listen to the samples and judge the music for what it is and not for what it's not.
B000002MFQ|5.0|I realize that the first Tubular Bells from 1973 was a classic, as it should be.  But as a new Mike Oldfield convert, I had the privilege to have a first-ever listen to both Tubular Bells I and Tubular Bells II at the same time, and I have concluded that TB II is crisper, more rhythmic, and certainly more patterned and cohesive than TB I. TB I can be rather discursive and simple, and there does not seem to be a unifying theme that pulls everything together.  Not so with TB II.  The very first notes we hear on TB II, played on piano, are interwoven throughout nearly the entire album with varying degrees of drama and volume.  TB II has the feel of a holistic musical performance rather than a collection of instrumental parts.  The only exception to this is the very last track, which has a rustic, hill-billy quality to it that unfortunately taints the triumphant, theme-unifying conclusion pounded out in the track before it.  I realize that the first Tubular Bells ends with an escapist, country-style track, but I wish Mike had not decided to so closely follow the original score in this second version.  Take out the ill-fitting last track, and Tubular Bells II is a masterpiece.  <br />I'll prognosticate that new Mike Oldfield listeners will actually prefer Tubular Bells II to Tubular Bells I, as I do.  But those fans who grew up with Mike Oldfield and heard TB I in the 70s will probably consider Tubular Bells II as merely a worthy attempt to capitalize on the success of the original--but it's not quite as good. It's kind of like the difference between people who have read the book before seeing the movie and those who watched the movie and then read the book.  Each group will say they preferred either the movie or the book, which ever medium they consumed first. As someone who had my virgin listen to TB I and TB II on the same day, I will say that TB II is easily superior to TB I. It's a conspicuous improvement on the first Tubular Bells. This time, the sequel outpaces the original.
0140277447|1.0|As a Japanese citizen, I accept proven wrongdoings of our ancetors in the wartime. However, I have to say that this book is full of distortions. A photo used is &quot;Japanese soldiers killing Chinese people,&quot; but in fact is that of &quot;Chinese soldiers killing Chinese people.&quot; Such misuses of photos are rampant, which have been recognized among transnational academics, including Chinese and American. A lot of historical facts remain contoversial and to be proven among historians. Why Chang put forward an immature book at the expense of journalistic honesty? How come so many US journalists including Nicholas Kristof, former NY Times's Beijing and Tokyo correspondent, consistently report distorted and deformed stories in Asia? Is it just a greed for promtion at headquarters or money? I am fed up! Edward Said is right, people don't understand problems of &quot;Orientalism.&quot; If you have to read, read it critically, please. And, if you don't buy my review due to my ethnicity (Japanese), don't buy Chang (Chinese-American) either. I gave one star to Chang's successful marketing worldwide. Noted that Chang is NOT professor of any kind, just a journalist of lowest kind. MIT professor Dower's &quot;Embracing Defeat&quot; is much better in this regard.
0060975768|3.0|I had always thought I knew a lot about the Vietnam War.  However, after reading this book I realized that I might know some dates, facts, names, and generalizations but I did not know the human cost of the war.<br />I think for many of us, we know why our guys were there, we know that many Americans had different opinions about the war, we know about the Tet Offensive and maybe the Tonkin Gulf incident but I never realized that I did not know about the many battles fought over there and I certainly did not know how bloody they were.<br />In graphic and moving detail the authors of this book use personal experiences and the voices of others who were there to tell the story of Ia Drang.<br />We can debate the politics of the war for ages.  We can debate how the war was fought forever.  One thing we can not debate is how brave the soldiers who fought there were.  And this book clearly shows that.
B000058T5E|5.0|While other guitarists from Jeff Beck's era are doing the same thing they've been doing for years (Clapton), Jeff Beck never fails to bring us fresh and beautiful albums. With You Had It Coming, Jeff continues to be my all time favorite guitarist, and I believe YHIC is one of his best albums ever. I agree with the reviewers that say You Had It Coming is right up there or even better then Blow by Blow and Wired. Here's my thoughts on the tracks:<br />Earthquake: This song is obviously a Jennifer Batten composition. Jeff's tone is to the max in this song, and the solo is AWESOME. Once the drums kick in, you can't help but run around in a metal frenzy!<br />Roy's Toy: In this song good ol' Jeff shows us how many techniques one can use to play a note. The solo is also top-notch in this song. There's no stopping your head from bopping or your foot from stomping in this song. <br />Dirty Mind: Wah-wah bliss! Jeff has excellent control over the wah-pedal. He does a Cliff Gallup clawhammered type solo in the middle of the song which is also very cool.<br />Rollin' and Tumblin': Jeff Beck makes 21st century blues, fronted by the vocals of Imogen Heap. The solo in this song, once again, is most excellent, and the singing does not take away from Jeff's guitar playing. <br />Nadia: This is the best song on the album. With a major/minor melody to die for, Jeff pushes his tone to the limits (if there is any for mighty Jeff Beck) and switches from bottleneck to fingers magnificantly. I agree with the other reviewers that say this is as good and/or better then Cause We've Ended as Lovers and Where Were You. If you listen to nothing else on this album, listen to Nadia.<br />Loose Cannon: The third and final time Jeff uses a wah on this album. His phrasings are haunting and arabic, the solo at the end is also very nice. The longest track on the album, running over 5 minutes, but it's so cool! <br />Rosebud: Great fingerpicking funk. Rosebud shows us that there's still funk left in Jeff. And great funk if I may say so myself. This is a fun song, I dare ya NOT to tap your foot when listening. Pretty hard not to, eh?<br />Left Hook: This song shows us Jeff is by no means mellowed out, or out to pasture any time soon. Just listen to the fade out--who says he can't do that anymore? Steve Vai, pack up your stuff and get a nice little job. No one can do this type of song except Jeff. Bravo!<br />Blackbird: If you yawn, you might miss it, as it passes by quite quickly. Listen closely to the bird, then to what Jeff does. Amazing! How come my guitar can't do that?<br />Suspenison: This is perhaps the most mysterious song Jeff has ever done. Close your eyes and listen. Listen to the tone, the peacefulness...then all of a sudden it stops. Hmm...<br />Overall, I'm totally impressed with You Had It Coming. Bravo Jeff! Keep it coming!
B000056NX4|5.0|Left me speechless by the performances and the abilities of the actors and the words  to move centuries  of cultures. Nothing has changed from the message,
0790733226|4.0|Definetly the book was better, it showed more deepness than the movie, the book was more exciting, the movie was plainly almost very boring, but the acting was great also, the story,but i liked the book better.
B000001ESN|5.0|It is with Permanent Waves that Rush began to shed their progressive trappings and garner interest beyond the steadfast progressive crowd. Geddy Lee began to sing at lower ranges, complexity was trimmed, but excellence was preserved. It is a precursor to Moving Pictures; a bridge between their recondite progressive rock days and their immersion in the mainstream. But while most transitional albums merit dismissal, Permanent Waves remains one of the band's best releases, accessible to the band's aficionados from their progressive era or their lush pop/rock days.<br />&quot;Spirit of the Radio&quot; and &quot;Free Will,&quot; both recipients of lucrative radioplay, prove that songs can be commercially accessible without sacrifice. Neil Peart's superb lyrics lift &quot;Spirit of the Radio&quot; from a mere tribute to radio in Toronto to something markedly intelligent (he could always make something simple seem deep), and it features some of rock's most memorable guitar riffs. &quot;Free Will&quot; is an anthemic piece with inspiring individualist lyrics and an energizing solo by Lifeson.<br />Beyond the album's most recognizable songs, there's plenty of great material. &quot;Entre Nous&quot; is a love song with brains, all the better because it never uses the word love (all of the best love songs eschew the word, I find). &quot;Different Strings,&quot; featuring some piano during the chorus, is a pretty song, and my favorite of the band's ballads. &quot;Jacob's Ladder&quot; is one of the band's most mysterious compositions. The stormy arrangement is dense, with swirls of synthesizers and fierce, chaotic riffs. The pseudo-epic &quot;Natural Science&quot; is the closest thing to their previous epics, written in three movements and covering plenty of musical ground. It's as good as anything they ever wrote.<br />In the end, Permanent Waves is a rock milestone. A remarkable synthesis of progressive rock and commercial music, although there's nothing really commercial about it. Just great music, plain and simple.t it. Just great music, plain and simple.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This film was extremely captivating, great acting, great score by Hans  Zimmer, the movie was really amazing, i just brougt the DVD yesterday, i haven't seen all the special features yet, but the trailers and TV  spots are great. also it was great to see how the movie was made, this  movie it's really captivating, i recommend you to watch it with the DTS ES audio track, it's reallt much better than the  Dolby  Digital., this is definetly one of the best films of the year 2000.
B000056K04|5.0|Here's what I thought: I popped this CD into my stereo and listened to it from start to finish. Then, I popped in my &quot;Crash&quot; CD. &quot;Crash&quot; is still my favorite album.<br />&quot;Everyday&quot; is a *LOT* different. <br />THE CONS: It lacks the mesmorizing, &quot;ad-lib&quot; performance style that has made DMB music so famous. Don't expect to hear any cool extended sax or violin solos. Even the drummer has been tamed in what appears to be a move from complex polyrhythms to simple beats...<br />THE PROS: On the other hand, this music has more of an upbeat feel to it. It's also energetic! The lyrics are good, and expect a guest performance by Carlos Santana! Definitely entertaining... <br />I gave this CD a 5-star review because even though these songs are shorter and different than the ones released before, they  really are great and are destined to be very popular! But a word of caution: while every fan has a favorite classic &quot;DMB&quot; song, I doubt that any more &quot;favorites&quot; will come from this album, especially when you compare them to the *mesmorizing* songs of the past.
B00003CXN4|5.0|I saw this movie at the theatre yesterday (being a college student gives me virtually no time to see movies), but I did have time to see it yesterday (3-24-01).  I was so surprised at this movie.  At two hours and twenty minutes, I was so engrossed in the plot that it seemed that I had only sat there in the theatre for about thirty minutes.  The film is very fast-paced, with lots of action.  The artistry of the film I found very cool; the scenes in Mexico are yellowish and gritty, while the scenes in Washington D.C. are a cool kind of bluish steel color.  Just watch it and you will know what I am talking about!  Michael Douglas gives a wonderful performance as the new U.S. drug czar who finds out his own daughter is an addict.  Catherine Zeta-Jones plays a priviliged wife who finds out about her husband's &quot;business&quot; after he is arrested.  Benicio Del Toro is a stand out in this movie (he's also my pick to win Best Supporting Actor tonight at the Oscars).  His portrayal of a Tijuana cop trying to stay free of corruption is wonderful and shows his versatility as an actor.  I also liked the drug surveillence team of Don Cheadle and Luiz Guzman.  Some people thought this movie was more of a pessimistic view of the war on drugs, but I found it not so.
020530902X|5.0|This book can be read in a couple hours (at most), but despite its short length, it provides many useful suggestions to help clarify one's writing.  It is mostly a collection of simple rules and their explanations, all of which are easy to grasp and to employ in one's writing.  As in George Orwell's essay &quot;Politics and the English Language,&quot; the central theme here is to be clear.  Be precise and don't confuse the reader.<br />The table of contents list the rules, so once you've read the book, you can just flip to the contents to remind yourself of them.  If you want to improve your writing, there are many books on the topic, but here is where to start.  If you disagree with the rules as some Amazon reviewers do, fine.  The authors are dead, and I'm sure they won't take it too personally if you criticize their work.  But I don't find the rules restrictive.  To the contrary, unless you really know the language and are adept at using it, you can't break these rules without making a terrible blunder.  Anybody who writes will benefit from spending an hour or so skimming through this book once every few years.
6304467540|5.0|6 tapes. Worth more than what Amazon.com charges you! After all of these years these 3 movies still are classics. Godfather 1 maybe is the best movie ever made! With Godfather 2 not far behind!
0062502182|5.0|Let's see...What can I say about this book?  It is one of the greatest books ever written.  This truly takes you back to bare minimum thinking in a profound, let's-ponder-the-meaning-of-life way.  After I read this book, I saw everything in a whole new light!
6301885732|2.0|The story doesn't matter.  The plot doesn't matter.  How could we identify with these fake characters anyway?  What matters here is fidelity to the comic strip and the interesting effects on our eyes as we see what a cartoon looks like come to life, so to speak.  The shadow of Dick Tracy thrown large against the warehouse wall, the sharp brim of his hat, his square jaw, the drawn gun proceeding him, as Chester Gould so often drew him-this is what counts.  Combining cartoon drawings, such as city streets and building facades and billboards in the background, with flesh and blood characters in the foreground makes for an interesting montage.  The little shack, made small by the night sky and the big city towers, as in a Taoist drawing, is also true to a Gould frame. The intense contrasting and clashing colors, especially Tracy's yellow top coat and yellow hat, and Tess Trueheart's red, red dress and red hair-all these intense reds and greens and blues treat our eyes to something different.<br />Problem is, who cares?  Or \\"so what?\\" as Popeye used to say.  Madonna does her one-millionth Marilyn Monroe imitation.  It's okay, although I would prefer the real thing.  Al Pacino, with the prodigious proboscis, aptly burlesques his character, but what's the point?  Warren Beatty (did he reject a fake jaw to stay pretty?) works hard to be the square-jawed, taciturn Tracy, and that's a handicap because then there is nothing to do except swing fists and spray bullets.  Glenne Headly, trying to project some heart felt emotion, comes off as terribly out of place, since how can you weep for the love of a cartoon?<br />The gutter snipe kid befriended by Tracy, played memorably by Charlie Korsmo (\\"Suck eggs, copper!\\"), stands out somehow as the only one who seems real; and maybe that's right because only a kid could find involvement in such a shallow, if decorous enterprise.<br />Sharp-eyed movie aficionados will have fun picking out the star-studded cast behind the cartoon faces.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Writer/Director Cameron Crowe (\\"Fast Times at Ridgemont High\\", \\"Jerry Maguire\\") has a knack for capturing the human condition in all its imperfect glory.  He is particularly insightful when he is writing from his own experiences.  To write \\"Fast Times\\", he went undercover at a high school posing as a student.  The result was an honest and genuine high school flick that was too real to be fiction.  He does the same with this film, drawing on his experience as a writer for Rolling Stone Magazine when he toured with Led Zeppelin at age 16.  Though the band and the most of the people in this film are fictitious, many of the situations are based on real events and the characters are composites of real people.<br />Some people have compared this film to \\"This is Spinal Tap\\", but other than the fact that it follows a rock group, there is little similarity.  \\"Tap\\" was a spoof documentary with its tongue firmly in cheek.  AF is raw and real with a believable plot (except perhaps the silly airplane confession scene) and affecting characters.  Crowe went to great lengths to capture the rock scene precisely, sending the actors to band camp to get them to the point where they could actually perform.  Stillwater is literally a rock band created out of actors.  While some of the vocals are dubbed, Jason Lee really sings lead on a couple of tracks, and Billy Crudup and the band are actually playing.  Crowe was quoted as saying it was a pity that the band had to break up after the film was produced, because they were actually a pretty good band.  Nancy Wilson and Peter Frampton wrote most of the band's original music to give the songs an authentic sound.  <br />Crowe's direction is excellent.  Though the pacing of the film is a bit uneven, dragging at times, his ability to depict the feelings of the time through the performances of the actors is superb.  The sound track is rich in 1970's music that is enhanced by the use of the DTS format on the DVD.  The DVD also has numerous fascinating behind-the-scenes segments, including a copy of the original articles written by Crowe when he wrote for Rolling Stone Magazine.<br />The acting by the ensemble cast is outstanding.  In keeping with the theme of the film, most of the actors are bright young talents who are almost famous.  Billy Crudup is the closest thing to a leading role actor, having starred in a few good but minor films (\\"Without Limits\\", \\"Waking the Dead\\").  Crudup's performance as the self-absorbed and brilliant guitarist who holds the band together is first rate.  Frances McDormand is fabulous as always as William's oppressive mother.  <br />In a cast replete with fine performances, Kate Hudson stands out, giving a brilliant presentation of Penny Lane.  She brings enormous emotional power to a very demanding role that ranges from effervescent to suicidal.  Newcomer Patrick Fugit finds the right balance between nerdy and wise as William.  Jason Lee is wonderfully turbulent as the temperamental lead singer.<br />This film is a winner.  By capturing the emotions rather than just a series of rock events, it takes us behind the scenes of the rock revolution in a way that no documentary ever has.  I rated it a 9/10.  It is necessary viewing for rock fans young and old.
B00003CXE6|2.0|Well, there is no denying that pretty much everything there is to say about Gladiator has already been said. Great acting, great story and great scenery, etc. etc. But what I found was the most outstanding feature was how disappointing this film was. This film was hyped as much as possible and I held off seeing it until it made money at the box office, got great reviews, and even after watching a special making of Gladiator documentary. I admit the trailers reeled me in. However, while this film was not terrible, it certainly was not very good and not worthy of all the praise it has gotten.<br />   The acting in it was good. Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, and Connie Nielsen all did a good job with what they had to work with storyline wise. I think Phoenix did the best job with his multi-faceted villian. He made you feel almost sorry for his insecurities one minute and hate him the next. The chemistry between Crowe and Nielsen was nice and quite apparent, but grossly underused. I did not even mind the creepy incest story between Lucilla and Commudus because at least it was showed this movie was not afraid to be a little daring.<br />   However, what I did mind was the lack of cohesiveness that the plot of this movie had. Certain aspects of the story were not properly addressed, if they were even addressed at all. Maximus(Crowe) was mourning the loss of his wife and son, but if the movie never showed why Maximus loved his wife so much, why were we the audience supposed to care? I didn't. I failed to see a great love story there because the producers could not even spare a minute in this lengthy movie to establish sufficient base story. Also, why did Commudus(Phoenix) hate Maximus so much for having been involved with Lucilla(Nielsen) when in the mean time since their breakup she had been married to someone else and bore that man a son. This did not make sense. And the worst of all was that the big buildup scenes were a big letdown. The scene were Commodus finds out that Maximus is still alive was a huge disappointment as was the final fight scene between the two. The ending was completely and utterly predictable. I knew before I even saw the movie how it would end.  <br />   In closing I just want to say that this film had great potential, but did not even come close to reaching it. The actors all did as good of job as possible, but the story was just not there. For its considerable length it still felt unfinished and uneven. This movie just left me bored(despite the graphic action scenes) and deeply disappointed. This movie is not the worst I have ever seen, but it certainly does not do justice to the glory that was Rome.
0385493800|5.0|A Grisham book is always a jewel.  This emerald expressed greed as well as Micheal Douglas did in &quot;Wall Street&quot; with all its divested glory.  Nate O'Riley the drunk was brought around in true fashion to see the light of life and throw his addicted ways to the wind to lead a good life. With that his past was lost,but it surely needed to be.  Another great book by a supreme story teller
B00004W50Z|2.0|There are some very pretty songs on this album but an incredible sadness comes through it all. I think the Band were in a bad period when they made this -- all three lead singers were shooting heroin and you can hear it in their voices, particularly Levon Helm's. Of all of the Band's albums, I find this hardest to listen to because it's the first time you can hear the damage that will eventually destroy them. The songs are much better heard as live versions on &quot;Rock of Ages&quot; and &quot;The Last Waltz.&quot; And I think it's a mistake to say &quot;Not as great as the first two Band albums, but much better than any other music being made at the time.&quot; 1970 was the year of &quot;After the Goldrush,&quot; &quot;Moondance,&quot; &quot;Layla,&quot; &quot;American Beauty,&quot; &quot;Plastic Ono Band,&quot; and a dozen other extraordinary albums. &quot;Stage Fright&quot; is not one of them.
B0000039LE|5.0|Back in 1978 a little movie for a little money became a big hit! Now 23 years later it is one of a handful of true horror classics. Like Pyscho 18 years before and Scream 18 years later (notice the time trend)this movie spawned many far inferior sequals and copy cats in the slasher subgenere. The atmosphere of Halloween is exteremely spooky; shadows and low lighting add to the overall erie effect. One interesting fact is the music unlike it's followers didn't signal the arrival of Michael Myers. Even after repeat veiwings Halloween still frightens the majority of viewers. The story is stright forward; a young boy kills his sister and 15 years later comes back to finish off his family. Lighting and music make up most of the frights as this movie is not nearly as gory and bloody as one would expect from this subgenre. That is one of the reasons this movie stands above most of the rest. Halloween scares us without these things proving that the imagination can scare us much more than what we actually see! So even 23 years later Halloween is still a treat and not a cheap trick!
B00000JCOV|1.0|I tried over and over to like this, but each time as I got into the beat... any potential was destroyed when the vocalist (and I use that term loosely) began his yelling. Try as he might to pull off a Phil Anselmo sound alike, he falls pithetically short  of the mark. The tunes could make it otherwise.   Basically an aggrevating listening experience. Perfect if you're trying to run off some nieghbors, or get rid of a roomate though. If that is the case CRANK IT UP!! But otherwise save your receipt. Thanks to Napster, I saved myself a trip returning this garbage to the record store!!
B000002GJ7|5.0|Fantastic album. They put their heart into this record and it shows. Each track is solid and a joy to listen to.<br />It's unfortunate that the only tracks which received attention were More Than Words and Hole Hearted because this album is about so much more than that.<br />Their best work!
B0000025JT|4.0|IF anyone doubts Streisand's contribution to this album,... find Barry Gibb's demos for these songs (which are out there). Not one of the songs sparkles in its original incarnation. Babs, however, took every one up several notches, making songs such as &quot;Make it like a memory&quot; and &quot;Run Wild&quot; powerful and moving. Yeah, the songs are good, but the performances here are even better. This album is a fine guilty pleasure.
B00004S367|5.0|This album marks a turning point in Stevie's career and not only did he do an incredible job on songwriting, the music behind it is as incredible. Vocals are superb while the harmonica lurks behind in the background. It is probably my favorite Stevie Wonder recording besides \\"Songs In the Key of Life\\". Songs to definatly check out are \\"Superwoman\\" and \\"Girl Blue\\", trust me, this album would be a shame to miss.
B000050XEI|3.0|I can't believe all of the negative reviews of this CD. Yes it is short but all of the tracks are amazingly beautiful. Only Time is worth the price alone. If you love Enya, get this!
B000055WIQ|3.0|I watched this with my cousin and I thought it was as funny as hell.(No pun intended.) I just couldn't stop cracking up.
B00002NDB1|2.0|well.. this is the worst iron maiden album forever. well.. its the only BAD album. i only graded it 2 stars because some songs like futureal and the clansman make it listenable. anyway, i RERELY listen to it because i have those two songs live with bruce dickinson. if you dont know iron maiden yet, dont buy this one. if you are starting to know iron maiden, and intend to have all albums, buy this one as the last.
6305165912|4.0|I saw this movie in the theater the day it came out.  At first I thought it was a pretty good movie with some funny moments.  Then I rented it when it came out on video and thought pretty much the same thing.  Then I bought the DVD 3 weeks ago and have watched at least once a week since and really started to appreciate it.  Even the opening credits are funny with the shots of people having fun bowling.  The excellent shots of the camera following the ball all the way in.  This DVD is great because it has a 20 minute featurette  showing how they got those following shots(they did it with a kind of remote control skateboard with the camera on top).  I don't see whats wrong with the Academy Awards, they hardly ever nominate anything from Coen brothers movies.  I think they should have at least nominated this movie for cinematography, editing, directing, screenplay and supporting actor for John Goodman who was absolutly hilarious.  I'm not really sure wether its best picture material but it's a very entertaining movie.I'd say its about 4 and a half stars.
0743420373|5.0|Stanley and Danko successfully set forth the case for a &quot;frugal&quot; (but not too frugal) lifestyle, and why &quot;living below your means&quot; will lead to long-term financial security.  In successive chapters they detail, from the results of their own research, why increases in realized income should not be followed by equal increases in spending, the importance of spending time to plan one's financial future, the need to keep income taxes low when investing and to minimize the costs inherent in trading, the drag on financial plans by purchasing new cars too frequently, and why gifting to children is not always an &quot;act of kindness&quot;.  Throughout the text their examples and observations are unique, informative, and persuasive.<br />In my practice I have many retiree clients who possess adult children (in their '20s, '30s and '40s) who live beyond, or at, their means.  The parents, who often fit the profile of &quot;The Millionaire Next Door&quot;, are frustrated with their child's inability to save and invest funds for the future.  I often recommend this book - first for the parent to read, then for the parent to send to the child.  In return I've received many expressions of gratitude for the simple recommendation of this book, and have actually seen many of those who were &quot;under accumulators of wealth&quot; transform themselves, over time, into persons likely to achieve and maintain financial security.<br />I highly recommend this informative book as an &quot;attitude adjustment&quot; book.  This book is about the &quot;WHY&quot;, with a fundamental overview of the &quot;HOW&quot;, and as such it is the first book a person who is not saving, or saving enough, should read.  Other readings can then follow, such as Robert Ortalda Jr.'s books on how to actually plan and budget, and a host of books on sound, low-cost, low-tax investing methods (by John Bogle, Larry Swedroe, William Berstein, and Bruce Temkin, among others).  Again, this book is anessential first reading, since the under-accumulator of wealth must first be convinced to change their attitude before they will begin to plan and implement that plan.
0679879269|5.0|Never in all the years I have been reading books has any book effected me so much. I love this book. It made me cry (I am not a crier.) As I got closer and closer to the end I could hardly wait for the point when Lyra and Will finally told each other that they loved the other. (You know what I mean.) Then it happened and I felt light-hearted and smilied. Then I kept reading and before I knew it I was crying. The end was just too sad. I won't give the end away, but I warn you blubberers this book is really, really sad. More so then Titanic! Pullman writes this book beautifully and eloquently. The suspense &quot;ball&quot; began to roll at the begging and never stopped until the end when the tears began to fall. My final comment on this excellent book is buy a box of tissues before the last two chapters and thank you Philip Pullman for this beautiful addition to literature. I think the world is richer for it.
B000002U82|4.0|simply amazing.. on word of mouth only i bought this cd,(which is SOOO unlike me haha) and i was not dissapointed..put this in if you are in a rut,on a high or just simply goin thru the motions. in short.. BUY THIS!!!  unparalled in this era,the only group i can see coming close to carryin on floyd's legacy is radiohead.
B000050XEI|5.0|I have most of Enya's CDs, and I have to say that this is one of my favorites. This is definitely what i start my day to. To all those Enya fans out there, you won't be disappointed in this one.
038533348X|5.0|Kurt Vonnegut is a well-known excellent writer.  He wrote several great books that incorporate human life and emotions.  One of his best works was A Cat's Cradle.  This book talked about the contradiction between illusion and reality and how people valued it in their societies.  It also showed the topic of science vs. religion in modern society.  Vonnegut's creative style of writing made this book an interesting read.  All of these reasons make A Cat's Cradle an excellent book to read and a beginning for the understanding of the world portrayed in Vonnegut's many writings.  The plot of A Cat's Cradle involves humanity and the contradictions that exist in modern society.   Vonnegut focuses on the theme of illusion and reality in this book which were also explored in his previous novels, Mother Night.   He came to the conclusion that illusion becomes reality in people's lives.  A gloomy world is depicted in this novel to show the reality of life.  This book is basically about one man who wants to write a book about World War two.  It leads to his investigation between the topics of science and religion.  The science part of this novel discusses an atomic bomb and a fanciful \\"ice nine\\" poison.  The religion part of this novel discusses the widely followed religion of Bokonism that said that God is \\"utterly indifferent.\\"  The topics this novel discussed were written very humorously.  Every chapter had a joke at the end.  It was an easy and very interesting read.  The characters were exciting and easy to follow.  A Cat's Cradle questioned topics of humanity and life in a very interesting and joyful way.  Kurt Vonnegut's book A Cat's Cradle was an excellent read.  Its theme was creative and questioned certain topics that really never discussed.  Like all of Kurt Vonnegut's books the chapters are short and discuss short segments of the main character's life.  After the reading the book, it makes the reader question their own life and humanity in general.  The way the bookis written keeps the reader consistently involved in the book.  I truly enjoyed this book especially since I have read other books by Kurt Vonnegut.  I hope you decide to read it and then read other selections by Kurt Vonnegut, an acclaimed and highly recommended author.
B000056K04|3.0|I love DMB, and have all their CD's, but i have to say that this one is a little on the boring side. The new sounds just aren't them anymore.
038533348X|5.0|Kurt Vonnegut is a well-known excellent writer.  He wrote several great books that incorporate human life and emotions.  One of his best works was A Cat's Cradle.  This book talked about the contradiction between illusion and reality and how people valued it in their societies.  It also showed the topic of science vs. religion in modern society.  Vonnegut's creative style of writing made this book an interesting read.  All of these reasons make A Cat's Cradle an excellent book to read and a beginning for the understanding of the world portrayed in Vonnegut's many writings.  The plot of A Cat's Cradle involves humanity and the contradictions that exist in modern society.   Vonnegut focuses on the theme of illusion and reality in this book which were also explored in his previous novels, Mother Night.   He came to the conclusion that illusion becomes reality in people's lives.  A gloomy world is depicted in this novel to show the reality of life.  This book is basically about one man who wants to write a book about World War two.  It leads to his investigation between the topics of science and religion.  The science part of this novel discusses an atomic bomb and a fanciful \\"ice nine\\" poison.  The religion part of this novel discusses the widely followed religion of Bokonism that said that God is \\"utterly indifferent.\\"  The topics this novel discussed were written very humorously.  Every chapter had a joke at the end.  It was an easy and very interesting read.  The characters were exciting and easy to follow.  A Cat's Cradle questioned topics of humanity and life in a very interesting and joyful way.  Kurt Vonnegut's book A Cat's Cradle was an excellent read.  Its theme was creative and questioned certain topics that really never discussed.  Like all of Kurt Vonnegut's books the chapters are short and discuss short segments of the main character's life.  After the reading the book, it makes the reader question their own life and humanity in general.  The way the bookis written keeps the reader consistently involved in the book.  I truly enjoyed this book especially since I have read other books by Kurt Vonnegut.  I hope you decide to read it and then read other selections by Kurt Vonnegut, an acclaimed and highly recommended author.
B000021XS0|5.0|As I said Scenes From A Memory is the best album released in a long time.  Well since Wake Of Magellan anyway.  A concept album so that tells you right away it's worth buying.  With all the un-artistic swill being produced today, I'm glad to know that a few bands still have the brains and the guts to put out a good Progressive Concept album.  Story outlines a man remembering a past life where he and his love get murdered by a jealous brother.  Go buy it at once you won't be sorry.
B000055Y0X|4.0|&quot;DR. STRANGELOVE&quot; (SPECIAL EDITION)<br />When the late Stanley Kubrick finished directing &quot;Lolita&quot; he said he read about 50 books on thermonuclear war and with his producing partner James Harris paid $3,500 dollars for the rights to Peter George's novel &quot;Red Alert.&quot; Immediately, Harris and Kubrick began developing a screenplay for their next production they called &quot;The Edge of Doom.&quot;  <br />In late night creative sessions, Kubrick and Harris got silly, wondering what kind of food the President and his advisors would order while dealing with an accidental nuclear attack on Russia. Harris went off to be a director and Kubrick worked with the late Terry Southern.  The new title announced was &quot;Two Hours To Doom.&quot; <br />After two months with Southern, Kubrick found the tone and story he felt best expressed his very serious concerns for an eminent nuclear holocaust.<br />This brilliant, dark farce with its numerous haunting images has become a part of our collective experience.  Although released in 1964 at the height of Cold War fears, the madness of nuclear war for whatever cause has never been better portrayed.  Nor more relevant. <br />Peter Sellers inhabits three distinct characters in a performance that is unmatched anywhere.  Incredibly, some of his most memorable lines, like the fey phone apology to the Soviet Premiere for the accidental nuclear strike, were improvised.  <br />George C. Scott, Sterling Hayden, Keenan Wyn and the extraordinary Slim Pickens (in a part that was originally to have been played by Sellers until he fell 15 feet out of the B-52 set and hurt himself!) are all operating at the peak of their remarkable powers and under the direction of a perfectly focused Kubrick.  <br />&quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot; has been available before, individually and as part of a Kubrick DVD collection.  <br />This new digitally mastered audio and video transfer seems even sharper and the incredibly black and white cinematography is pristine. <br />Superior bonus material includes a terrific new documentary on Kubrick as well as an &quot;Inside The making of Dr. Strangelove&quot; and more. (UK, Columbia Pictures, Black &amp; White, Full Theatrical Print, 104  Minutes, Rated PG, 1964)
B000002HK4|5.0|I can't say anything that hasn't been said before.  The opening song is amazing enough said.  The tributes are good as well, I might have liked them better if I knew the original material.   A lot of people had a problem with the medley at the end.  Not me best part save for the opening!  Anyway what I'm trying to say in this review is that there are still new bands making good music.  That's getting rare these days.  Coming from a generation who identifies themselves with whatever crap MTV is playing I'm glad to know that some bands still make prog rock.  Except for DT, the only other band doing such is Savatage, and you can tell that DT took a clue from them!  Check out that band as well, as DT you won't be disappointed and you'll hear the influence they must have had on DT. Buy the album now!
B000059LGC|4.0|&quot;DEATH ON THE NILE&quot; <br />Yet another story of a murdered millionaire heiress, but this time, the movie has a much bigger budget (than &quot;Endless Night&quot;), a screenplay by Anthony Schaeffer, exotic Egyptian locations and a star-studded cast that includes Bette Davis, David Niven, Angelea Lansbury, Mia Farrow, Olivia Hussey and Lois Chiles.<br />Peter Ustinov is droll, meticulous, Belgian master sleuth Hercule Poirot taking a cruise down the Nile on the S.S. Karnak. And, as is often the case when he goes on holiday, someone dies. Soon, all the rich passengers are suspects in the murder of Linnet Ridgeway.  Can he find the culprit before the boat docks?  Of course.  But you will be surprised at his revelation -- and the number of bodies that fall along the way!<br />Director John Guillerman works hard to balance the Christie formula of character over plot. The movie works and is a delight.<br />A highlight is Nino Rota's memorable score that cleverly riffs the chugging of the steam powered boat heading up river. Jack Cardiff's cinematography perfectly evokes 1932. (UK, Color, Widescreen, 140 Minutes, Rated PG, 1978)
B000056NX5|2.0|I was somewhat disappointed when I first saw the 1973 version of JCS on video a few years back.  However, after seeing the &quot;new&quot; JCS, I realize how great the original movie is.  Everyone in Edwards's RENT-like new version suffers from extreme over-acting.  I like melodrama, but this is ridiculous.  The portrayal of Jesus by Glenn Carter is at times comical (how many times can we stand to see that terrible puzzled look he gives?) and at times down-right ridiculous (have you ever seen such a smug person being carried on others' shoulders?).  The filming is claustrophobic - everything appears to take place in the same column-strewn courtyard.  The entire show is dark and depressing - I couldn't understand who would want to follow the teachings of this  totally uninspiring Jesus (if you've read the Harry Potter books, this guy should play Gilderoy Lockhart).  Overall, an uninspiring adaptation that does not even have the saving grace of good singing voices (other than Tony Vincent's Simon).  Ted Nealy is stellar compared to Carter's embarrassingly falsetto, thin-voiced Jesus.  See the original JCS.
B000006TRV|5.0|Although Rog ended up going egotistic, one can see why he controlled the band for so many years when you listen to THE WALL.  From the acoustic-driven Hey You to the youth anthem Another Brick in the Wall (part 2)this album keeps your attention (and not infrequently makes you jump out of your seat in shock.)A must for anyone who calls themselves a Pink Floyd fan, and IMHO a better album than the bestselling Dark Side.<br />Happy listening!
B00003CXMG|4.0|Few writer/directors working today can match Cameron Crowe's consistently beautiful work. He continues his his winning streak with Almost Famous. The fictitious rock band Stillwater and the assorted Band-aids (NOT GROUPIES!!), managers, roadies, and other hangers on that surround them are the focus of 15 year old William Miller's first assignment for Rolling Stone magazine. William is the stand in for Crowe himself who lived most of what you see onscreen when he worked as rock journalist in the 70's. Almost Famous cotinues the Crowe tradition of laugh out loud comedy combined with sentimentality, and heart rendering drama. Far be it from me to jump on the Kate Hudson bandwagon, but she absolutely deserves an oscar for her supporting role as the lead band-aid Penny Lane. She captures the screen everytime she is on. She will break your heart and make you love her character. Patrick Fugit plays William. Why he got so little attention for his finely shaded performance is beyond me. The rest of the cast includes Frances McDormand , Billy Crudup, and Jason Lee among others. They all deliver fine performances, even Lee whom I have always found a bit stiff. I highly recommend at least a rental of Almost Famous, but do yourself a favor and buy it. If only so you can watch the Tiny Dancer sing a long over and over.
6300208591|5.0|Upon my first viewing of La Dolce Vita I had been very excited. I did not know much about it but had seen photos of Anita Ekberg's fountain frolic and had read a few selected articles. I soon learned La Dolce Vita is not the kind of film you go into unprepared.     15 minutes into the film I really enjoyed it, within a half hour I was loving it. But as time went by things got slower and slower as well as more tastless. by Vita's end I absolutely hated it. I went to bed that night guilty and confused, angry over wasting a good three hours. But the next day an odd thing happened, I was sitting in school when I began thinking of it. I tried to stop but couldn't get the images out of my head. I felt a strange desire to watch it again, as if I had missed something. However I quickly put these thoughts out of my head.   About two weeks later I was in the video store when I came across 8 1/2. I had thought I would never be interested in any of Fellini's works again but I had accumulated a strange urge to see it. So I rented it, brought it home and was blown away. It quickly vaulted to the top of my favorite films list and Fellini to the top of my directors. Fascinated I began viewing some of his other works. Eventually though I came to the inevitable, La Dolce Vita, so a few days later I ordered it off Amazon.  That viewing left me utterly stunned and wondering what I had missed the first time.  I began to see things I had never seen and think things never thought. I began to find meaning in Vita I had never acknowledged, masses of it. However I won't get into that now.   Upon my first viewing Vita would have recieved about one star, now I've come to realize its brilliance. However, I would not recomend it to virgins of Fellini's work. It would probably be best, in that case, to start with some of his earlier more enjoyable films, ala La Strada. Also it would probably be best to read up on it before hand. Its good to have an idea of what you are looking for, before you tryto find it. Oh, and one more thing, don't fall into the articles that will tell you La Dolce Vita is an immoral and an ungodly film. The material is a bit tasteless but the meaning behind it can easily be viewed in a very christian way. Follow these suggestions and I guarantee your expieriances will be far more pleasurable.
0786915749|5.0|The characters in this book put an interesting twist into the story. With the so called childern stories coming to haunt the world.It's an intriguing battle between trust and betrayal and keeped me on the edge of my seat.With the twist of horor,honor,and comedy.The creatures that form this story have different points of view and are very differnt to the eye.The little Kender puts quite a ... personality to the group of heros.
0451197968|5.0|I don't think it's written in Stephen's normal style, which actually appeals to me because it can get old sometimes.  It's a very short, sweet, and to-the-point action thriller, instead of his usually mystery horror type novels.  I haven't seen the movie, mainly because I didn't knwo there was one until about ten minutes ago, but I don't think a movie could ever do the book justice.  The two twists at the ending kept me reading and had me in suspense until the last page.  I'm just dissapointed that it wasn't longer.  He could have fit a lot more story in and it still would have been fantastic.<br />A great read, I recommend that any avid reader pick this up.  Fantastic writing and a good, solid plot make this a must have.
B00000AFGM|5.0|My personal top ten records start like this : 1.Powerslave by Iron Maiden 2.Nevermind by Nirvana 3.Troublegum by Therapy? 4.Mechanical Animals. In my opinion this is one of the best records ever made and deserves the term PERFECT. I have to admit that, when Antichrist Superstar came out, I had not much interest in Mansons music, because I thought that someone who needs such an image, is not likely to produce anything worthwile. Somehow, MA found his way to my tape deck anyway and as soon as I've listened to it two times, I ran out and bought the CD. Everything you ever wanted a record to be is here! &quot;Great big white World&quot; is a fabolous opener that sets the mode of what is to come. Every other song is a highlight par excellence. Mansons Lyrics make perfect sense and are anything but not the [stuff] I expected. He is an artist, a philosopher and a great musican as well! What do I say... run and buy this album. You won't regret it!
0451196716|5.0|After reading it I really had to question Stephen King's sanity.  A great book nontheless, and I'm surprised it was never made into a movie.<br />Everything's already been said about the plot, so I won't even bother.  Instead I'll just say what I liked and disliked.<br />First of all, Stephen King's writing style is all his own.  It's so descriptive and intelligent.  You actually understand what's going on.  The characters have a basis in real life.  They aren't just far-out works of unbelievable fiction.  The story itself is intriquing, it tells us about the capabilities of the human body, not to  mention the human psychee. Wow, I don't think I put it down until I was done.<br />The only thing I didn't like was the ending, but I guess that's part of Stephen King's style.  He won't tell you everything, and you have to guess what's really happening at the end by yourself.  Some like that, I really don't care for it.<br />Still one of his better books in my opinion and I've read a lot of him.  I loved this book to death, and I'd recommend it to anyone in an instant.
B00003CXHJ|2.0|If you're looking for digital effects and good quality picture(one star each)clear night scenes, thundering sound effects for your HT system) and cowboy type action, buy it. If you're sensitive mowie fan with taste, who wonts more than just sound and picture this film is not what you're looking for. A just another Hollywood hi tech FICTION. Nothing to do with truth and facts from that era (maby wasn't intended to be), it is a disapointmet. The Enigma machine along with it's cracked code and three young matematicians was delivered to England and France in 1939 by Poland's secrete service. How come the British don't mention that fact? The capture of actual nazi Uboat belongs to Britain Royal Navy. Mr. Mostow! if you're using such a huge historical fact which ENIGMA represents please do some library research or at least ask historians. Cannot rate it any higher than **. &quot;Das Boot&quot; is still #1 in this category, a clasic movie with the sense of truth, simplicity and soul in it(also unbelievable sound effects) that make you watch it over nad over again...U-571 is not.
B000002KHH|5.0|As of right now, every single cd I've reviewed has gotten a perfect score.  I just can't help it though.  I only review my faves...<br />Anyway, Paranoid is the first heavy metal record, bar none.  From the heavy detuned grooves (yes, detuned, maybe these nu-metal bands can learn how to do it right), to the angst-ridden and raw vocals, this record is pure metal all the way through.  <br />The first two tracks provide an amazing one-two punch...  War Pigs, the 7 minute epic about evil politicians and war, and Paranoid, a very self explanatory track.  Those are probably the two best on the cd, but the rest are still some wicked songs.  Iron Man, with gloomy lyrics and sludgy bottom end reads like an anthem for armageddon.  Electric Funeral and Faries Wear Boots are also sweet tracks, one complete with crazy drum solo that I just have to play along with (strange, considering I'm a guitarist).<br />Tony Iommi provides both the rythmn and lead guitar, and in this person's humble opinion does a damn good job at it.  Some of the most enduring and creative licks, riffs and runs are found on Paranoid.  <br />The drumming is absolutely superb.  This is a good compliment from me because normally I don't pick up on drums, but the way the skins are pounded here, in such a profoundly heavy way, just forces you to pay attention (just don't listen to it while you have a headache).  The bass is also great, but much less noticeable, due to the fact it was recorded in 1970.<br />And of course, Ozzy Osbourne, the man behind Sabbath, with thunderous lyrics and tales of death and destruction.  His voice is sometimes hard to appreciate, but I don't think that any other voice would work nearly as well in the Paraniod context.   While sometimes scratchy and harsh, there's a realy truth behind every single line (Generals gathered in their masses/Just like witches at Black Masses/Evil minds that plot destruction/Sorcerors of deaths construction... is the first verse of the entire song, and ittlls the listener basically the entire idea of the cd).  The track Fairies Wear Boots is a break from all the doom and gloom, with a catchy refrain in which he sings &quot;So I went to the doctor to see what he could give me/ Son he said, you know you've gone too far/Because smokin' and trippin is all that you do...&quot;.<br />So if you are sick of nu-metal getting you down, find out what real metal is like.  Driving guitars+pounding bass and drums+angry and harsh lyrics= Heavy metal, and incidentally Black Sabbath, the indisputed fathers of heavy rock and roll metal....
0804106304|4.0|Overall I think this was a good book. This book is a collection of short stories arranged into chapters with individual themes. The stories are all different but they all relate to each other, which keeps the book interesting. The book is divided into four parts; each part has four chapters, one chapter per part from either the mothers or daughters. They all have various perspectives on life, which they express in their chapter. It had great ideas and showed Chinese and American culture very well. However, the wording could have been better by making it less complex. All four mothers' stories blended together because of their daughters' age and common background, this was shown in a simple way. This made it easier to understand their relationships and stories. The contrast between Chinese suffering and strength and American ease and unhappiness was vividly illustrated in this book. Almost anyone can relate to this book but not everyone can understand it, so I recommend that you should read this book but you should wait until you can understand it. You will get a lot more out of this book that way.
B000002UAX|5.0|The White Album, much maligned by many fans, non-fans and critics alike, is in fact one of The Beatles best albums.  The sheer amount of music landscapes displayed in it has inspired many musicians and artists, consciously and subconsciously, from its release to today. In fact, the music holds up well and certainly proves that the lads were geniuses who will be revered many centuries from now. The fact that the color white was chosen should clue you in to what John, Paul, George and Ringo thought about it: Pure expression.  The fact they did not even need to give it a name (save for the embossed The Beatles, at an angle!) should tell you they did not need to justify its existence, even if it wasn't 'straight'.  The limited serial number on the orignal release, tells you its a piece of art!  Although my original record is scratched from having heard it so much and the cover is starting to fray, I cherish it for the seminal work it contains and feel blessed that I understand it, enjoy it, marvel at it. (I do own the CD as well but nothing tops having one of the original limited edition albums).  Anybody who doubts the Beatles were the best band that ever was has got a lot of catching up to do.<br />For the new fans who have just joined us as a result of &quot;1&quot;, may I suggest you do not get this album right away. Rather, start with the natural progression that all the Beatles albums offer (that's right, friends, you have to have them all to get it).  Then, once you have discerned where the lads are going by the time you get to Revolver and Sgt. Pepper, then you should put the White Album on the turn table.  Better yet, listen to it in a dark room and just let your mind be blown away [....]  You will have your favorites, you will have ones you are not so crazy about, you will have ones that you have never heard before or since, but in the end, THIS IS AN ALBUM YOU CANNOT FORGET.
0804106304|4.0|Overall I think this was a good book. This book is a collection of short stories arranged into chapters with individual themes. The stories are all different but they all relate to each other, which keeps the book interesting. The book is divided into four parts; each part has four chapters, one chapter per part from either the mothers or daughters. They all have various perspectives on life, which they express in their chapter.       It had great ideas and showed Chinese and American culture very well. However, the wording could have been better by making it less complex. All four mothers' stories blended together because of their daughters' age and common background, this was shown in a simple way. This made it easier to understand their relationships and stories. The contrast between Chinese suffering and strength and American ease and unhappiness was strongly illustrated in this book. Almost anyone can relate to this book but not everyone can understand it, so I recommend that you should read this book but you should wait until you can understand it. You will get a lot more out of this book that way.
B0000508U6|2.0|It's an OK album, but definitely not the best. Maybe spies is the only good song inside the album, others are just so-so.
0804106304|4.0|Overall I think this was a good book. This book is a collection of short stories arranged into chapters with individual themes. The stories are all different but they all relate to each other, which keeps the book interesting. The book is divided into four parts; each part has four chapters, one chapter per part from either the mothers or daughters. They all have various perspectives on life, which they express in their chapter. It had great ideas and showed Chinese and American culture very well. However, the wording could have been better by making it less complex. All four mothers' stories blended together because of their daughters' age and common background, this was shown in a simple way. This made it easier to understand their relationships and stories. The contrast between Chinese suffering and strength and American ease and unhappiness was vividly illustrated in this book. Almost anyone can relate to this book but not everyone can understand it, so I recommend that you should read this book but you should wait until you can understand it. You will get a lot more out of this book that way.
B000002UJQ|5.0|If you've avoided this music because of comparisons to Pink Floyd and Queen, please give it a listen.  I am not a rock fan and am particularly immune to both rock anthems and conceptual albums.  I finally bought this cd last month and haven't been up for air since.  This music is as affecting as a Hitchcock movie but it doesn't leave you feeling played. The intelligence at work here is not exactly beneficent but it is breathtaking and you won't regret surrendering to it.  Since my second or third listen I've had the exciting, if slightly disorienting, sensation of hallucinating.  The rooms I walk thru aren't filled with light, air and objects any more - they're filled with Radiohead music.  Not exactly aural hallucinations, there's a visual element to them.  I can see the music for the first time in my life.  All of a sudden I can identify with kids who can't control their urge to play air guitar.   My fondest wish right now is that I'll get the chance to sing a couple of these anthems around a campfire this summer with some of the kids in my very large extended family.  Surely they must know Radiohead.  This is a very even work.  The ideas they sing about are important and the singing is unbelievably good.  But it is the music itself that won't turn me loose.  The melodies!  Pure joy!
0804106304|4.0|Overall I think this was a good book. This book is a collection of short stories arranged into chapters with individual themes. The stories are all different but they all relate to each other, which keeps the book interesting. The book is divided into four parts; each part has four chapters, one chapter per part from either the mothers or daughters. They all have various perspectives on life, which they express in their chapter. It had great ideas and showed Chinese and American culture very well. However, the wording could have been better by making it less complex. All four mothers' stories blended together because of their daughters' age and common background, this was shown in a simple way. This made it easier to understand their relationships and stories. The contrast between Chinese suffering and strength and American ease and unhappiness was vividly illustrated in this book. Almost anyone can relate to this book but not everyone can understand it, so I recommend that you should read this book but you should wait until you can understand it. You will get a lot more out of this book that way.
B000053SPI|5.0|Journey is back!  This CD is a must!  Steve Perry is not missed at all........Steve Augeri is now the front man, and while he resembles Perry, he also has his own sound.  I can't wait to see them perform this material live.<br />Higher Place, I Got a Reason, Live and Breathe are all amazing rockers - just to name a few....
B00003CXE7|2.0|WOW.  We've seen a lot of war movies.  This one just has a &quot;GLADIATOR&quot; theme added into it.  I just have one word fir this movie:  BORING.  I almost fell asleep.  Most people won't agree, but I think this movie is entirely overrated.  On the DVD, the picture is so dark the whole time, you can only see half of what's going on.  DUMB.  Sure, it has what it takes to look like a masterpiece, but there's something more entertaining missing, that I just can't explain.
B0000542DG|3.0|This movie is just a big joke, but a good one indeed ! The cast is not so bad ( Shawa is betten than in the mean &quot;IDDLE HANDS &quot;) . Why worry about Freddy Kruerger, Jason or Michael Mayers, when the worst enemy of all, Death Herself, is coming after the teenagers ? It's a good premise. Unfortunately, the ending was absurdly conceived to let the doors open for a probable sequel ...
6305531412|5.0|I don't really know what to say about this movie, besides the fact that YOU DEFINITELY MUST SEE IT!
B00000I9MK|5.0|I bought this album over a yr. ago and I swear I've played it 1000 times. Very wondeful. The State I'm In, and She's losing it r 2 songs that just got me into 1 of those, 'Stairway To Heaven' trances. I really feel sorry for an artist needing to follow up such a masterpiece. They could NEVER make a better album. BRAVO! :)
B00001U0E1|5.0|Shakespeare in Love is defnitely a good movie.  It's entertaining, and also uducational in a way.  It's sort of a fictionalized idea of what might have happened during Shakespeare's so-called unknown life, ROMEO and JULIET style.  A hot movie, Joseph Fiennes and Gwyneth Paltrow and perfect lead roles, and Judi Dench is good as Queen Elizabeth I.  A must-see!
B00004RJ74|5.0|Let me preface this review by telling you that From Dusk Til Dawn is nothing more than a horror film in the mold of 70's-80's horror buffs.  In the director's commentary, Tarantino even tells you that this movie was made for fun and for readers of Fangoria magazine.  (A horror movie fan magazine.)  Violence, excess make-up and gory blood (although most of it's green) are rampant through this horror/adventure that still has the genius of a Tarantino screenplay.<br />Why is this the best DVD for filmmaking??  Because the film was made in fun (The director, Rodriguez, and Tarantino were going to take a year off but decided to make this picture instead) there are many behind the scenes openly candid moments that WOULD NEVER be filmed on most movie sets.  As a matter of fact, the movie includes a documentary entitled &quot;Full Tilt Boogie&quot; that interviews just about all crewmembers including the grips, set designers, assistants to the actors, etc..  &quot;Full Tilt Boogie&quot; is a great example for anyone interested in the making of a movie.  In today's movie world, From Dusk Til Dawn is relatively low budget.  Therefore, the movie relies on what could be termed &quot;old school&quot; special effects for many of it's horror scenes.  Because the movie was filmed with a low budget, you can witness many tricks of the trade (ie makeup, set design, etc.) instead of the usual making of CGI (computer animation) FX.<br />So far, this is the only director's commentary Tarantino has been apart of and it's also one of the best director's commentaries I have watched.  Robert Rodriguez also includes 4 segments that concentrate on specific parts of the film that are intended to show people interested in filmmaking how certain angles, editing, etc. were picked...  Deleted scenes, cast/crew bios and many other extras are included in this 2 CD set...<br />I wish more movies were made in fun because it shows in &quot;The Making of&quot; extras included in the DVD...  I bought thisnot expecting it to be such a great DVD.  If you love filmmaking itself, you will love this DVD...
0800177975|5.0|If you can stand violence w/o blood and if you allow your kids to see that--you and the kids will be glued.  This is a clever and very funny movie.
B000002URV|5.0|MCMXC marks the beginning for Enigma, not a group as some people think, but a project of Michael Cretu.  This is an amazing debut, and required courage to create.  &quot;Sadeness&quot; was my introduction to Enigma--i heard it on the radio as a child and was fascinated.  I didn't actually discover what it was until years after, but when i did, i immediatly fell for Enigma.  The very sound of the album is unique and sensuous--who would think to place French lyrics, Gregorian chants, and drumbeats together? The lyrics of the CD caused a lot of controversy--the whole CD is about mostly two topics--sex and religion.  Of course, these are two topics which are universal in whatever way.  &quot;Sadeness&quot; actually pays homeage to the Marquis De Sade, a writer in the 18th century who was imprisoned for his work.  Those who don't think Enigma should be explicit about sex should look up who Sade actually was and see that people shouldn't be punished for what they say and should have the right to say it.  Enigma or anyone else should have that basic freedom, as Sade should have. &quot;Rivers of Belief&quot;, the other three-part song is good closure, and sets one's mind at ease, so to say, but after the CD there is a lot to think about.  &quot;Way to Eternity&quot; is an instrumental, the melody line is taken from &quot;Close Encounters of the Third Kind&quot;, a movie where music is used to communicate.  That is what Enigma is doing, communicating ideas to the world. In short, the CD is great music, as well thought-provoking, and is only the beginning of a journey . . . Enigma's 2, 3, and 4 have followed.  The project evolves as it proceeds, becoming a kind of story about all of us, and each of us as individuals, especially the crusaders like Michael. So, turn off the light, take a deep breath, and relax . . .
0783225733|5.0|This movie is incredible.  What went into the making of this movie is a story in itself.  One thing i can not get over is how Ron Howard got ROBBED with no Oscar nomination.  The story of Apollo 13 is among the greatest triumphs of NASAs then short history.  This movie gives an accurate description of those events.  A truely inspiring story.  I still get goose bumps at the end...
0790729644|5.0|The image most people have of a classic western movie is of a ruggedly handsome hero on his horse, galloping effortlessly; guns at his side blazing in the afternoon sun as a constant reminder to any villain who would dare cross his path of their imminent end.  In Eastwood's celebrated western the &quot;hero&quot;, William Munny, has none of these attributes.  Instead all we have is an aged killer, notoriously known for his crimes, content to live the rest of his life on a small farm in the praries with his childern, wizened by the memory of his dead wife.  Gone are the days of shoot-em-ups at the O.K Corral with his friend, played by Morgan Freeman.  Gone are characters who are quick to pull the trigger.  Eastwood replaces adventure and daring, with stark realism and I believe this is the film's legacy.  And with the haunting score by Eastwood himself and Lennie Niehaus, and the beautiful cinematography the movie remains as one of the most memorable westerns to this day.
0800177177|4.0|The most famous vampire in the history of literature and film is brought graphically to life in \\"Bram Stoker's Dracula,\\" directed by Francis Ford Coppola, and starring Gary Oldman as the Count from Transylvania.  Working from a screenplay (by James Victor Hart) that is a faithful adaptation of the novel, Coppola takes an artistic approach to the material and creates some startling and effective images-- some quite intense and erotic-- to tell the story of Count Dracula and his world of the undead.  Unsettling at times, and often shocking, the film is mesmerizing and thoroughly engrossing, delivered with a full palette of colors and shadows that form a backdrop against which the characters so vividly emerge to play out the drama.  It's a visual and emotional feast that is satisfying in every respect, beginning with a brief history of Dracula and the circumstances of his life that ultimately allied him with the forces of darkness and evil.  Initially, the casting of Gary Oldman as Dracula seemed inauspicious and ill advised; in retrospect, the choice of Oldman was inspired.  Though many actors have done the role before and since (Schreck, Lugosi and Lee, just to name a few), Oldman manages to make the character uniquely his own, with a nuanced performance infused with depth and acuity.  Even when delivering famous, oft quoted lines from previously filmed versions of the story (Lugosi's \\"Children of the night, what music they make,\\" for instance), Oldman makes them spontaneous and fresh, with a conversational tone that makes you feel as if you're hearing them for the first time.  His presence is self-assured and menacing, which makes the character strong and intimidating, and you sense his longevity and the dark wisdom afforded him by his many years of existence.  There is a fastidiousness about Oldman's methods of inhabiting a character that makes you wonder if there is anything as an actor that is beyond his grasp.  At this point, I would think not.  As Van Helsing,Anthony Hopkins puts his personal stamp on a well known character as well.  His portrayal of the famous professor is zealous and lively, and touched with an eccentricity that makes him an interesting and welcome presence in the film.  Winona Ryder, too, gives a believable performance as Mina, a somewhat emotionally challenging role she addresses with the restraint demanded of her by the character.  With her dark, winsome looks and natural intensity she is perfect for the part, and displays a femininity that contrasts well with the overt sexuality of Dracula's three \\"brides.\\"  And Tom Waits gives a memorable performance as the mad, insect-eater, Renfield, as does Sadie Frost, as Lucy, Mina's young and nubile best friend who unwittingly falls prey to Dracula's dark powers.  The single member of the cast who seems to struggle a bit with characterization is Keanu Reeves, as Jonathan Harker; he gives a passable performance, but fails to ever get a firm grasp of the character.  Still, he has an engaging presence and, though lacking depth, his portrayal is at least credible enough to maintain the continuity of the film.    The supporting cast includes Richard E. Grant (Dr. Seward), Cary Elwes (Lord Holmwood) and Bill Campbell (Quincey).  Exacting in detail and imaginatively rendered, Coppola's \\"Bram Stoker's Dracula,\\" is an impressive, memorable film.  By boldly juxtaposing images and shadows, embracing the innate sensuality of the vampire, and blending it all together so seamlessly, Coppola has taken his film, not only to the zenith of the horror genre, but beyond.  It's a journey into the regions beyond the known, wherein the forces of darkness thrive and survive; a cinematic experience you'll not soon forget, courtesy of Coppola, a superlative cast, and the magic of the movies.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I think that this CD is the best one by the peppers and he best alternative CD in all time!  The songs Other Side and Californication really move me with there unmentioned meaning of drug addicition and how Hollywood runs our live.  If you like the peppers ever a little bit you should strongly consider this album!
B000059MEK|5.0|Being as I've never heard of Daft Punk before I heard One More Time on a DMX station, (a cable music channel) I'd have to say this album is really great. This really doesn't sound too much like Eiffel 65, cuz it's not super dancey-dj like. It's more like disco-80's music. Sorta like ELO and such like that. Not that I'm usually into disco-80's. Quite odd that I buy this album when I'm into Alice Deejay and ATB. I can't say if this album is better than Homework considering that I've neither owned that album nor heard any songs from it. Anyway, Discovery would be an excellent choice to add to your collection if you are perhaps into Eiffel 65 or any electronic 80's groups.
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|This recording is so haunting that it drills into your dreams, and the movie is even better.  I went to see it with some friends, and four out of the five us fainted at the very end.  One of my friends quotes, &quot;It was the f***ing music that did it.&quot;  And I agree, wholeheartedly.  It's the most heart-wrenchingly beautiful thing you'll ever listen to.  I believe that the first three seconds of &quot;Cleaning Apartment&quot; is probably the most jarring sound I've ever heard, and thrillingly addictive in it's simplistic horror.  You won't be sorry if you buy this record or see the movie, but if you do the latter, beware your wits.  It tends to hit home very closely.
630157401X|5.0|This was a great film.  I loved the plot and the beginning  was great: seeing Indy's roots in adventure.  Sean Connery was magnificent as Henry Jones.  I only hope that it will not be the Last Crusade, i hope to see Indy on the big screen once more.
B00004RHZU|5.0|That is a line from &quot;Stop falling which is one of the most sincere songs in a long time. If you liked &quot;There you Go&quot; then every track will sound good to you. I think it's a shame she isn't eight times platinum or something. I think she is more talented than any other young female singer. Best 3 songs are &quot;Stop falling&quot; and &quot;Hiccup&quot; and &quot;Most girls.&quot;
B000000OQY|4.0|What does a band do to follow up a debut album that sold gazillions? Re-release and EP of live covers and add four acoustic songs of your own, and still sell millions. GNR Lies is essentially two EPs, the first (originally called Live Sh#t Like Suicide?) included the awesome cover of Aerosmiths &quot;Mama Kin&quot; and Rose Tattoo's &quot;Nice Boys (Don't play Rock n Roll)&quot;. So the Gunners added four acoustic songs of their own; &quot;I Used To Love Her (But I Had to Kill Her)&quot; which Axl claimed was about his dog, an acoustic version of &quot;You're Crazy&quot;, &quot;One In a Million&quot; which a lot would find offensive and of course, &quot;Patience&quot; one of the best whistle-along songs ever. This was Guns N Roses flying high! they had just released the mega &quot;Appetite for Destruction&quot; and &quot;GNR Lies&quot; continued their world domination as the world waited 3yrs for &quot;Use Your Illusions I &amp; II&quot; A Great album, which is really two EPs, a soft acoustic set (with attitude) and an all out rock n roll live set of covers.
B000059R8Y|5.0|i was not disappointed with another great ec album.  liked the variety of blues, country and 30's 40's sounds.
B00004STPT|4.0|I can't believe it!  Not only does this soundtrack direcly lift passages from Holst's The Planets:  Mars, the Bringer of War, it also uses passages from Wagner's opera The Ring of the Niebelung (with a few notes changed here and there to make it different, but it's still recognizeable-- track 13 is where it's used).  If it weren't for that, this would have been a perfectly good soundtrack.  Why can't people in Hollywood write their own music anymore?  Grrr!
B00004TJJZ|4.0|I love well-made action-adventure, science fiction and comedy films, and Men in Black is a classic.  While I personally love the movie myself - it's really funny - just be careful if you have little kids in the room -- they might remember some of the  &quot;alien&quot; language in the film and try to use it themselves outside of the house.
B000059T00|5.0|this album is a complete insight into the successful future of Eric Clapton, Steve Winwood, et al . . . they now rank amongst the best ever recorded album . . . and that is what you call blind faith.
0780619609|5.0|I liked this movie. I thought it was pretty cool. The turtles look pretty good. They make cool ninja moves.<br />The shredder at the end drinks the ooze and then he turns into super shreddar. Also, Splinter looks different than the cartoons. He talks real slow. The Ninja Turtles say funny things like this: &quot;It ain't the Hilton&quot; when Michelangelo shows the Proffessor the sewer place. <br />It makes the whole ooze thing sound real. It is sort of funny too.
B00000JGEO|5.0|&quot;True Lies&quot; is a fast-paced, uplifting and exciting movie. A combination of cast, script and special effects make it what I think one of the best action films ever made. Arnold Schwarzenegger is boring software man Harry Tasker to his family and friends...but living a double life as an international spy. When Harry's secret is uncovered, he suddenly finds himself fighting to save his family, the country and himself from middle-eastern terrorists. People believe in Schwarzenegger's character because of the huge &quot;God like&quot; status he's achieved, and that's what makes &quot;True Lies&quot; work so well. Jamie Lee Curtis plays the role of Harry's corporate-cloned wife excellently, giving spunk maturity and sex appeal at the same time. A great supporting cast also includes a wise-cracking Tom Arnold who plays Harry's partner (and who steals the comedy most of the time), and plenty of fresh faces that fit their parts perfectly. The movie really stands out though because of the incredible special effects and non-stop excitement that glue you to your seat. The good thing about the movie is that it has absolutely no down time. Whether it's heated conversation or adrenaline-pumping action, you're guaranteed to remember everything that happens once the movies' finished. Lots of great comedy is also mixed in with the action to let you know it's not all about violence and explosions like some of Arnold's other movies, watch for his airborne catch phrase at the end to give the Schwarzenegger movie trademark. &quot;True Lies&quot; is a movie I added to my collection years ago, and I recommend the same to everyone...because this is an action movie that has and will stand the test of time.
B000001GXB|5.0|I am a Pollini fan. I had the luck to hear him live in Athens, Greece, 4 years ago and then I bought these CDs (then available separetely). The Hammerklavier is the best around, that's an apsolute fact. I really like Arrau's account but this one is amazing. The op.111 also belongs to a category of its' own. An overall great set.
0812931017|4.0|Unlike all billionaires, politicians and humans, Richard Branson has the humility to tell the truth. Rare these days, I know, but true! <br />I hope when I too, one day make millions, I still maintain the decency to recognise that it wasn't just down to me.
0345350499|4.0|I'm not a fan of Sci-Fi Fantasy at all. However, this was recommended to me as a book that would keep me home at night (almost impossible to do). I was engaged within the first couple of pages and have not been able to put it down...or am atleast hesitant to do so. Bought it just last week and am almost done. Sad to see the legend end.  <br />If you're looking for a book to really dive into, I'd give this one a try.
0393317552|3.0|Jared Diamond has spent 33 yrs studying the fauna of New Guinea. That leaves little time to observe the rest ofthe world. He thinks that the appearance of high civilizations is explained by favourable environments, especially those propitious for the breeding of draught-animals. According to him, people of Black Africa have not been lucky : as draught animals, they have only inherited of the African buffalo. And the African buffalo is reportedly known for its bad temper. Mr Diamond does not ask himself if the phlegmatic humour of our bulls and cows (do not be too trustful) does not result from an appropriated selection, getting rid of agressive individuals.
B000022TT4|4.0|Rattle and Hum came on the heels of the Joshua Tree tour and followed the band on its self-described \\"musical journey\\" through America.  Most of the footage is in grainy black and white for the documentary segments, and finer detail for the concert excerpts.   Some songs are in colour but they don't arrive until later in the film.  <br />The reason for this has something to do with the mood of the song as felt by the band.  \\"With or Without You\\" and \\"Where The Streets Have No Name\\" are in colour showing the tour delivering what the fans want, while songs like \\"Pride\\" and \\"Silver and Gold\\" give another slant on the performance.    There are some really great onstage camera panning moments, placing you right with the band instead of just in front of them. <br />The video image is anamorphic (1.85:1) and is a mixed bag because of the combination grainy documentary segments to the higher quality concert scenes.  <br />The sound mix also varies.  I found \\"Where the Streets...\\" had the bass level too quiet for my liking but it picked up in different songs.<br />The extras are limited to one movie trailer, a bit disappointing. If you are a U2 fan then this title should find a place in your collection right now.
B00004VVNB|5.0|This movie has something most films lack: conflict. This is a perfect example of a finely woven plot which leaves the viewer satisfied. The effects are impressive. The acting was excellent, with the exception of Farrah Faucet. The DVD features a worthwhile featurette as well.
6305126062|5.0|I just watched this movie and I cried of joy and sadness.  It is soooooo good though.  I loved it and I'm going to watch it agian to catch the details!
0393317552|3.0|Jared Diamond has made friend with a Papoo named Yali. He has found him intelligent and well educated - which is not surprising. He concludes that Papoos &quot;are on the average,more intelligent, more expressive and more interested in things than the average European or American&quot;. Of course, that is not racism. A crucial proof is given : Papoos are more able than Whites to find their way in the jungle. If they have not yet made a space shuttle, nor conquered China, the fault is in their bad environment. From our modest point of view, we say that, by chance, all peoples on the Earth are not as passive or devoid of imagination as Papoos. If Diamond had spent a few days visiting the French countryside, he would have seen that an environment has to be worked upon, it has to be dressed, to be reclaimed, to be irrigated ....
B000001E18|4.0|It began with &quot;Achtung, Baby&quot; and continued on &quot;Zooropa.&quot;  At first, I didn't like this CD too much, but then I realised that I had turned the bass all the way down accidentally of my stereo- while this CD may not be &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot; or &quot;Achtung, Baby,&quot; it's very interesting to listen to.  U2 really did a great job of walking through mysterious territory.  The opening track &quot;Zooropa&quot; could have been extended and made into a cyber-techno counterpart of Mike Oldfield's &quot;Tubular Bells.&quot;  This is tue with most of the rest of the album.  Though Bono and the gang aren't really making any political or emotional statements on this CD, what they are doing is experimenting with music and turning it into something of a post-apocolyptic furture vision.  This CD condemns the world of pop-culture by copying it, and then beating it up.  If it wasn't called &quot;Zooropa,&quot; it could be called &quot;MEDIA&quot; (look at the linear notes- you'll see what I mean).  On another look, this CD may be earlier U2 songs, now synthesized and technified.  &quot;Zooropa&quot; maybe the futuristic &quot;Where the Streets Have No Name.&quot;  &quot;The Wanderer&quot; is definitely inspired by &quot;I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For.&quot;  If you understand at all what I'm saying, but this CD.  If you don't, well then, see if someone else can explain it to you.
B000003S5H|5.0|Well, what can I add that the above reviews haven't said already?<br />After Pink Floyd's &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; this is my best album. A lot of reviews above have pointed out that there are many Pink Floyd influences in this album and I whole heartedly agree. Some of the guitar pieces are gems. <br />I can stop listening to this CD! The first few weeks I must have listened to it everyday at least 2 times. It never fails to transport me a high, isolated, barren though happy world. Among the mountains in the Himalayas and beyond. Away from this world. Among the stars. My mind's eye simply comes alive with &quot;Kelly, watch the stars.&quot; I imagine I'm in a dark lake under a brilliant night sky. Floating, swimming, flying, carefree and in awe of Universe. With a good set of headphones in the dark and in bed I just meld with the music. <br />This CD was initially unimpressive and sounded simplistic. After listening to it 3 times or so I was hooked. I am addicted to this sort of music -- can someone tell me what other groups will sound similar or even better?
B000001DTM|5.0|After buying &quot;The Joshua Tree,&quot; you'd almost think Bono was crazy for saying that it was '...our best album yet, but not our best album ever...'  Well, &quot;Achtung, Baby&quot; must be what he was thinking of.  After a decade of politcally oriented and soul-searching albums, U2 digs deep into the human soul with &quot;Achtung, Baby.&quot;  They knew, I believe, that they couldn't continue to do their mainstream rock genre anymore; they knew they could do much better than that.    <br />Their opening track, &quot;Zoo Station,&quot; pretty much represents the beginning of what would become their next three albums (&quot;Achtung, Baby&quot;, &quot;Zooropa&quot;, and &quot;POP&quot;), filled with voice edited synths and up-beat rhythms,  &quot;Even Better than the Real Thing&quot; and &quot;Mysterious Ways&quot; may be the songs that stand out the most, but &quot;One&quot; is arguably U2's best song, maybe competing with &quot;With or Without You.&quot;  &quot;One&quot; is beautiful, about a father and his son who is dying of AIDS.  &quot;Until the End of the World&quot; sounds perfectically post-modern Biblical, seeing as it deals with Judas and Jesus.  &quot;So Cruel&quot; is pretty in its way with its repetitive piano diddly.  &quot;The Fly&quot; shows the two voices of Bono: his low, normal voice, and his high falsetto voice.  &quot;Ultra Violet&quot; sounds like a lighter version of &quot;Until the End of the World.&quot;  One of my faves is &quot;Acrobat,&quot; which is heavy, dark, and fanatical.  The final track is &quot;Love is Blindness,&quot; which is concealed at the back, but one of U2's saddest, darkest, most beautiful ballads ever.<br />&quot;Achtung, Baby&quot; I believe will be U2's &quot;Abbey Road.&quot;  If you don't have this CD, and you like ANY type of rock/pop/alternative, you should buy this CD NOW.  Beautiful, deep, and dark at times, this easily tops &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot; and any other album U2 ever made.
0345440757|1.0|If you believe that your wants are more important than the needs of your child's then by all means read this book. If you believe that babies have only needs and it is up to us as parents to meet those needs then skip this and get the Sears &quot;Baby Book&quot; or &quot;The Continuum Concept or better yet just trust your instincts...yes you do have instincts despite what the so called &quot;experts&quot; will lead you to believe.
0312955006|4.0|I really enjoyed this book.  It was not a typical I know who did it book, I really didn't know.  Great mystery, great clues, suspensful and a little bit different.  I recommend it.
B000059R8Y|5.0|Eric Clapton's new CD Reptile is an eclectic mix that really hits the mark.  He displays a versitility in voice, guitar style, and song choices that is unparrelled in music.  This cd may take several listenings before one can begin to appreciate all that is there, but it is well worth the effort.  I highly recomend Reptile.
0385493800|1.0|usually his books are tense, suspensful, great stories, this one was just disappointing.  at the end i thought - oh, ok. well.   try &quot;the bretheren&quot;, that one was fantastic
0812589041|5.0|This book has a sweet storyline. A definite page-turner.Ender is The best. The next books have alot of talking, and aren't As good but still must-reads.
0385484518|5.0|TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE is  Mitch Albom's tribute to his old mentor and friend,  Morrie Schwartz, a professor that he knew back in college.   Mitch accidentally comes across Morrie on television years later, on Ted Koppel's NIGHTLINE, with Morrie being interviewed on national television.   Mitch had not seen or talked to Morrie since graduation day, and it is years later, spurred on by that Nightline show,  that Mitch seeks out Morrie, and from there they spend the last months of Morrie's life talking about a lot of different topics of importance:  &quot;Money&quot;, &quot;Regrets&quot;, &quot;Fear of Aging&quot;... the list goes on.  Every Tuesday they meet and talk about different subjects, as Morrie slowly succumbs to the disease. We watch with Mitch as Morrie slowly dies in front of our lives, but at the same time Morrie's need to reach out to others does not decline.<br />This was such a wonderful book. Through the eyes of Mitch Albom, who throughout the entire book has a lot of guilt and self doubt about his career choices,  his neglect in keeping touch with old friends,  his family relationships,  we see what a good person Morrie Schwartz was.  Despite his illness (Lou Gehrig's Disease),  Morrie's attitude is always one of positive outlook and hope.   He is the mentor that I think everyone should have had some time in their lives.  He's the father that we all wished we had. <br />Morrie Schwartz did not let death scare him.  He faced it head on, and knowing what he knew, that his time was limited, he lived those last months of his life to the fullest, by letting Mitch Albom record his voice every Tuesday,  discussing life's most important lessons.
0451523938|4.0|Hello!  I had to read 10 books for schools. One of the books was &quot;Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde&quot;. I think it is a good book. There is a good story and you can follow the story very easy.  I have read the book, because I heard very much about Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, but I did not knew who the two men are. So I took the opportunity to read this book.  So take care of your own Mr. Hyde. Yours Markus K. from Europe
B00003CX8J|5.0|I just thought that this was SOOOOOOOOOOOO cool!  I loved the incredible graphics.  Seeing the x-men come to life with such wonderful actors playing the characters that I love so much.  They really did a great job on making me really SEE the comic book characters in them!  I was utterly shocked with how well the special effects were run.  It was full of action, some suspense (not too much though), and it even touched romance.  It had a mystery set on the right character and, man, was it shown well.  The effects were breath-taking.  It was incredible!  I loved it!  I've found a new favorite movie that I can watch again and again and see something new each time!  And with the extra 10 minutes of footage at the end, I saw more amazing acting.  I can't explain how much of a masterpiece it is; you really MUST see this work of extraodinary art for yourself!
B00003CXFG|4.0|I LOve this movie!  Why you ask?  The acting was acceptable, the visuals were excellent, skirting that fine line between not giving enough and going overboard (which far to many sci-fi/horror movies do), the plot, while occasionally predictbale, was just fun (for example, when the &quot;good guys&quot; kill another survivor accidentally, and Ridick is just sitting in the chair drinking wine cool as a cucumber...hehehehe..clever.)  I could have done without the redemption, but it wasn't to heavy-handed...I was more fond of the reversal of roles.        The good characters are a pilot who almost killed everyone else, then when she is stuck with them, she misleads them by ommision that she is not the captain.  The cop is actually a bounty hunter, and more then that, a druggie who let a person die painfully to secure his fix.  And the bad guy (and I'm not talking anti-hero, I'm talking bad as in Baaaaaaddddd)  a merciless killer, who doesn't regret it, who acts more animalistic then human...however, that is to his advantage.       He is equipped to handle this situation, and without him everyone else is screwed, he knows it, and they know it.  It's probably not often that a homicidal sociopath can positively utilize his specialized &quot;skills&quot;.       The ending is a bit....contrived, but not bad.  and for everyone who wants to whine about the logic holes, let me answer you this.  The logic in this movie is much better then most movies of this genre, and for this one reason.      how many times have you watched a horor movie where the guy/girl, after having sex in a house where teenagers were killed this very night 30 years ago, go and investigate a &quot;suspicious sound&quot;, instead of doign the logical thing and tearing @ss out of there?  there are numerous other commonly accepted logic faultlines that run through this genre to contrive getting the actors and the monsters in the same space together.  However, Pitch Black actually addresses that easily.  Theyknow these things only come out at night, and one of them asks what any reasonable person would &quot;umm, why don't we just not go outside?&quot;  Not an option as they have no food and the eclipse will last a long time.  Simple.  And yes it's the standard &quot;there are scary things in the dark story&quot;, but it's got enough quirks and tweaks (such as the &quot;eye shine job&quot; and the view you get when you see through ridick's eyes) to make it engrossing.       so among a genre that you have to be willing to grant a bit more suspension of belief to enjoy, it's not only a good movie, but I'd say one of the better sci-fi/horror movies lately.  Also, you got to love the fact that for once, a movie has a &quot;hero&quot; ( and I use the term very loosely) who isn't noble, just, and honorable.  Rather he's the guy who can gut you and skin you in 8 seconds....and he would to....just after he gets done with the alien.  heheheheh
B000003TA4|5.0|'Nevermind', in my view, is the best album Nirvana have ever written. The songs are Kurts best. 'Smells Like Teen Spirit' and 'Lithium' have become anthems to all Nirvana fans. 'Polly' is a very well-written song along with 'Come As You Are' and loads of others. I am giving this album 5 stars because of it's sheer brilliance. A well worth buying album.
B000056NX4|5.0|Okay, I'll admit it, one of my very first reactions to this movie was, &quot;This talent-less bald guy is Judas?&quot;  I could not figure out what they were thinking when they cast Jerome Pradon in the role of Judas.  Firstly, he looks at least twenty years older than just about everyone in the entire cast.  Second, his voice was absolutely terrible; his British accent was so thick you could cut it with a knife (and, for the record, I usually adore accents, especially English ones) and it sounded to me that he was experiencing a voice change, which would explain the many squeaks and cracks.<br />On a more positive note, Glenn Carter was just as amazing in this movie as he was on Broadway.  I was also incredibly impressed with Renee Castle, whose Mary is one of the best I've ever heard.  I found myself picturing her in the title role of AIDA.  Tony Vincent's Simon was another highlight of the film.  His voice is absolutely incredible and his facial expressions were perfect.<br />All in all, it was very good, but I would have much preferred a different Judas.  Perhaps Tony Vincent, who was just as good in that role on Broadway as he was as Simon here.
B000056K04|5.0|You know, no offense to those &quot;die-hard&quot; DMB fans that I've been hearing complain about Everyday, but this has to be DMB's best album to date.  The production is crisp, the new electric sound is great with Dave's intricate playing, and the instruments just sound awesome.  The songs are still there, and it's still DMB, despite what many think.  One thing I don't understand is why fans get upset when an artist evolves.  Evolution is a great thing.  Why would anybody, including DMB, want to sound the same their entire career?  It's a great thing to explore new sounds and territory, and if you &quot;die-hards&quot; are really die-hards, you should embrace DMB's new direction, instead of wishing they stagnated in the old sound.  Every song on here is incredible.  Just because it doesn't sound like &quot;old&quot; DMB doesn't mean that's bad!  So for you die-hard DMB fans, I think you better take a listen, and see how you can't like it; for you who have maybe just discovered DMB, or haven't discovered them at all yet, this is the album to get!
B00003CXE6|4.0|The scenery and sets were magnificent ... The Coliseum and Forum, as related to their original models, were extremely well done.  <br />In checking my historical references, some historical facts and people were not correct though ....   Lucius Aelius Aurelius Commodus, born in 161, was emperor from 177-192 (15 years, becoming emperor when he was 16 years old - not reflected at all in the movie).  According to the texts, Commodus accompanied his father on the German campaigns and shared in the triumphs and victories.  After becoming emperor, he fancied himself as Hercules, even depicting him as Hercules on many of his coins, and frequently joined gladiatorial fights in the Coliseum.  He eventually became a megalomaniac and considered himself the reincarnation of the god Hercules.  He was actually assassinated on the night of Dec. 31, 192, by the Praetorian Prefect Laetus.  Upon his death, the Senate selected Pertinax as the next emperor, since the Aurelian dynasty was at an end.  The return of the Republic was never contemplated.   Annia Lucilla was actually one of the 13 children, of Marcus Aurelius and Faustina the Younger, and the sister of Commodus.  She was born in 149 and married to co-emperor Lucius Verus in 164.  After Verus death, she was re-married to a senator, Pompeianus.  My texts don't mention any children.  In 182, 10 years before Commodus death, she was implicated in a plot against Commodus and exiled to the island of Capri, where she was soon executed.   The movie never introduces and doesn't mention Bruttia Crispina, the wife of Commodus.  She was married to Commodus in 177, and was exiled the same as Lucilla, in 182.  She was executed in 183, nine years before Commodus' death.   It was a touching story and a good performance by the leading actor -- maybe he WILL get an OSCAR, but to a historian, the story is was a little confusing.  I guess if I went back and reviewed &quot;The Robe&quot;, &quot;Quo Vadis&quot;, &quot;Ben Hur&quot; etc., I would probably notice the same historical irregularities though.<br />I enjoyed the movie and would give it 4 stars for entertainment, performances and sets.
B000056K04|4.0|This album gave the band a new up beat sound. On this CD, Dave switched to an electric. Out of all of his albums, I would have to rate this one tied for second behind Crash and Live at Luther College. This CD is the type that you can listen to the whole thing and can't skip a track. Personaly, my favorite song on the new album is When the World Ends. I Did It is personaly one of my least favorite songs on the CD... it wasn't the best marketing idea. I really hope If I Had It All gets a chance to hit the radio because I feel that that is a outstanding. The one disappointing note of the Cd than made it a 4star was that the rest of the band doesn't get a chance to &quot;jam&quot; or have some solos.
079075116X|3.0|I loved &quot;Firefox&quot; the novel and the sequels which return the great charachter of Mitchell Gant.  Unfortunately, Gant's charachter (and Thomas' writing) doesn't transfer well to film.  In &quot;Firefox&quot; Gant has been plucked by the CIA out of retirment after suffering physical and emotional scarring in Vietnam.  (Readers from the novel will remember that Gant had been plucked out earlier to fly captured Russian warplanes in mock combat, but the film streamlines the details).  When the Russian Air Force develops a super-advanced fighter plane that is a) invisible to radar; b) capable of mach-5+ speeds; c) armed with a thougt-controlled fire-control system and d) way ahead of anything available in the west, the CIA and British SIS collude on a foolhardy and almost plan to send Gant into Russia to steal it.  With the help of Jewish dissidents and the virtually imprisoned scientists working on the plane, Gant breaks into the Russians' high-security test site in a mad rush to steal the plane.  Like the novel, the film is split into two parts - getting to the Firefox and then getting it to the west.  The second half - dominated by pre-CGI special effects - seems pretty weak, although knowing how cartoonish CGI can be, I've learned to appreciate it.  The first half - in which Gant steals his way through the nightmare of the police-state of Russia - is very slow, and probably of little interest if you didn't read the book.  &quot;Firefox&quot; (both book and film) excel though because they don't try to follow your typical technothriller routine - steely eyed heroes and all.  When confronted by a bullying KGB agent in a subway, and informed that his papers aren't in order, Gant kills the man.  For your stock secret agent, this would be a moment of pluck and quick thinking, but for Gant, it's a moment of outrageous stupidity: the KGB man was reaching, not for his gun (or a wallet) but for his cigarettes.  (&quot;Ofcourse your papers aren't in order!&quot;, Gantis roundly drubbed by his Russian co-conspirator, &quot;nobody's papers are in order, this is Moscow!!&quot;).  Every aspect of the plan goes awry, although that was clearly in the minds of the planners who, knowing the odds, thought they'd be sweetining their chances if they made included self-destruction at every juncture.  It's a thrill ride, and made during the darker days of the cold war (Reagan's 2nd year, the USSR ruled by a sucession of dying old men) and populated by almost bloodless charachters, the movie at times looks like a documentary.  The meat of the book doesn't really translate well because, like most of Thomas' books, the prose are based on high speed pulses of self-loathing and second guessing running through the minds of the central charachters' minds, and that doesn't make for scintilating dialog (or any dialog, really).  It's like those superhero cartoons when Superman must actually orate all those things that, in comic books) stay in thought baloons.  The film makers are game though, especially Eastwood who makes the Mitchell Gant charachter his own (I can't read any of the Mitchell Gant novels like &quot;Firefox Down&quot; or &quot;Winterhawk&quot; and substitute a more appealing visage for Gqant's scarred one).  The film also has Kenneth Colley as the ill-fated Col. Kontarsky, the man responsible for securing the super-plane that Gant steals.  Star Wars fans will remember him by site as the similarly bad-lucked Admiral Piett, the guy who keeps losing the Millenium Falcon thruought &quot;Empire Strikes Back&quot; (which came out 2 years earlier).  The way he looks, you'd think Yuri Andropov would materialize out of nowhere and zap the dark-side at him.
B000002UW1|3.0|REMs fifth album continues the coarse set by &quot;Life's Rich Pageant&quot;,of awkward political stadium rockers.Even filtered through the band's gift for offbeat melodies and flair for compelling arrangements,the likes of &quot;Exhuming Mccarthey&quot;,and &quot;Disturbance At The Heron House&quot; are unforgivably uninspired and stiff.The obnoxiously over-amped drums and guitars are no help either;tentatively playing some new type of music that you're slightly uncomfortable with is not made better by turning everything up to 11.As always,though,this is not a complete wash-out-&quot;The One I Love&quot; retains it's power as a Big Rock Song,charmingly over-the-top,where the rest is just loud,and &quot;Welcome To The Occupation&quot; is brilliantly evocative and dramatic(this is my second favorite REM song--this band has a very irritating habit of putting my favorite songs on albums that I otherwise wouldn't like).Then there's :&quot;It's The End Of The World As We Know It(And I Feel Fine)&quot;which,depending on you're mood,is either classic REM or the worst song ever recorded.This album is smack-dab in the middle of REMs late-eighties political period,and as such,whether or not you accept this period depends on your level of fandom,me personally,I'll take mumbly vocals and airy,gauzy production anyday.
B000002UB3|5.0|Simply put: The greatest set of songs ever assembled onto one album. If you don't own this album, I feel sorry for you.
B000002UVZ|3.0|R.E.M.'s fourth album is both a radical departure from thier previous efforts and a solid reinforcement of thier strengths as a unit.The first thing that jumps out at you is the beefed-up rhythm section,with ace stick-man Bill Berry unleashing a massive wallop,which could also be credited to the clearer,more substantial production.Gone is the airy,mysterious haze of yore,replaced here with muscular,strait ahead rockers.And,perhaps most significantly,you can hear every word coming out of Micheal Stipe's famously muffled mouth.As with any group venturing into new territory,there are glaring miss-fires:always a very ambiguous,suggestive group lyriclly,on &quot;Pageant&quot;,politically charged would-be anthems like &quot;Begin The Begin&quot;,&quot;These Days&quot;,and &quot;Coyahoga&quot;,while musically impeccable,still come of as a bit stiff and forced;socio-political pontification and Neil Young-ian folk-protest screed was never this band's strong suit.They strike a better balance of art and message with one of thier all-time classics,&quot;Fall On Me&quot;,a beautiful,and wildly misinterpreted song that's as formally elegant as any song ever.Likewise &quot;What If We Give It Away&quot;(probably my personal REM fave) featruing an exqusitely yearning wordless chorus.There are a few out-right clunkers on here-&quot;Under the Bunker&quot;,a silly throw-away track better suited to the band's outtake collection &quot;Dead Letter Office&quot;,and &quot;The Flowers Of Guatamala&quot;,with painfully awkward lyrics by Stipe that are somewhat redeemed by the finely wrought performance.But,like I say,this is a transitional album,and the band is taking tentative baby-steps into an area it's never been comfortable with(massive arena rock with message)and the fact that it isn't outright awful is something of a triumph,and a credit to the band's true talent and collective alchemy.
0790729377|4.0|With hesitation, I decided to revisit &quot;Streetcar.&quot;  While I had vague memories of it, time has a way of not being kind to a certain genre of film, namely stage adaptations.  What an extraordinarily thrill, therefore, to report that &quot;Streetcar&quot; not only holds up but frequently delivers those thunderbolts of excitement that one can only describe as truly great cinematic moments.  Not only the acting of Brando, Leigh, Malden and Hunter but the choices of director Kazan as to camera angles and lighting as well as his vivid use of the wonderful jazz score of Alex North make this a must-own for DVD afficianados.<br />That being said, I can only rate the DVD itself four stars.  It can't be helped.  &quot;Streetcar&quot; is in need of the restoration process used so successfully in recent years with such marvels as &quot;Rear Window.&quot; That, and the lack of any bonus features detailing the importance of this film as a major player in the 1950's assault on Hollywood's Production Code, make the DVD, but not the film, fall short of greatness.<br />In the end, I'll be purchasing this DVD and keeping my fingers crossed that someone will have the sense to release the definitive version.
B000023X9W|5.0|This is a beautiful album; every track is excellent.  When I buy an album, I want one with no filler, one that I can listen to straight through without any compliants.  This is one of those albums and it deserved all the excellent reviews it received last year.  Harvest Moon would have to be my second favorite Young album, especially for its last song, Natural Beauty.
B0000032LS|5.0|Conceived, written, scored, acted and directed by a hairdresser from Hamilton, New Zealand, the stunning thing about The Rocky Horror Picture Show Soundtrack was not how accurate it is as a send up of seventies pop culture (and it was), but how, despite that, it stands on its own as a damn good rock record - funny, sure, but also sexy, bombastic, funky, swaggering and even moving in places. For all its splendour, there isn't a great deal of rock music from the time (or for that matter since) which can match it.<br />What's more, the popular songs from the first half of the record (Dammit Janet, Sweet Transvestite, Time Warp etc) aren't even the good ones. As the film develops the music telecopes in its ambition; the corny fifties throwback feel of the first three tracks is enveloped by swaggering, operatic pomp of which Freddie Mercury would have been proud. Achieving this was no mean feat by Tim Curry - outside the Queen singer I can't think of anyone else who would have come close to pulling it off.  By the time of the Floor Show medley and then the genuinely beautiful &quot;I'm gong home&quot; it's impossible to not to be swept away by it all.<br />In fact, it's hard to credit that a kiwi mop-chopper can have done all this by himself. Perhaps he did, but I can't help wondering if M. Loaf - or his mentor, Jim Steinman (both of whom had the motive and opportunity to be involved since Meatloaf played Eddie in the film) - didn't lend a wave of the magic wand to the proceedings. There is something undeniably Steinmanesque about the whole project, and Richard O'Brien never reprised his success; after a couple of horrible attempts to re-do the Rocky Horror, he was last heard of playing bit parts on Robin of Sherwood.
B00000JHAU|5.0|- - - If there is any one reason to buy &quot;If You're Feeling Sinister&quot;, it would be track 6 - 'Get Me Away From Here, I'm Dying'.  The song is simply chilling.  It is fantastic, undeniably sensational, and intense.  I have never taken as much from a song as I have this one.  It means everything to me.<br /> - - - But there is more than one reason to buy this cd.  In fact, there are 9.  Every song on this album is special.  It was fantastically mastered by the players of Belle and Sebastian.  I'm amazed.  To simply put it, this is the best cd I own.
B000056N8X|5.0|I watched this merely to be entertained, having long ago abandoned any expectations of this series. What I saw was a beautiful film which valiantly compensates for the damage wrought by Highlander 2 and 3.<br />The film opens with the now obligatory voice over from Conner Macleod, who  this time describes \\"their\\" origins as \\"unknown\\"- that they \\"simply are\\". the full passage cleverly if not audaciously seems to dismisses 2 and 3 in a sense making this the first Highlander sequel. This is supported by the absence of the number 4 in the title, having simply named it Endgame.<br />What we have here is a film that from the outset inspires the same emotions of wonder and tragedy that this tale of immortality was always about. Included now are Duncan Macleod from the Tv series and once again key characters from the original such as Rachael and Heather combined with relevant flash backs and sweeping panoramas of the Scottish highlands.<br />The refreshing depth of this new story is compatible with the first film, developing  what we know without introducing anything silly that we don't need to know (such as Aliens, Zeist, etc.). The new Nemesis unlike Katana and Kane from 2 and 3 doesn't attempt to be another  Kurgan. He is instead a darker more intellectual opponent than we've seen before, who surrounds himself with a posse of immortals each from different time and place.<br />The music and visuals are also very impressive and so are the fight scenes, which in places, have clear Matrix style, Eastern influences.<br />Be warned though, this has a genuinely sad twist (There can be only One). It is also incompatible with Highlander 2, so the few remaining fans of number 2 may wish to avoid it. Otherwise I would unreservedly recommend this episode to all those who love the original. I will watch this many times.<br />geodesics@hotmail.com
B000001DQI|5.0|I bought this on vinyl when it first came out in 1973, and saw him in concert not long after, and I've been a fan of his since 1970 and like a previous reviewer suggested, bought every single one of his albums up to Blue Moves, and also agree that his work went downhill after that, although his Oscar winning song brought him back up in my eyes again.   I am so glad from reading these reviews that so many younger people who weren't even born when Elton was in his best voice can appreciate what the real Elton John sounds like, his incredible range and singing style that grabbed me from the time I heard Your Song and his absolutely masterful piano sound that kept me buying his albums nonstop from the time they were released.  Since I no longer have a turntable my old albums are in a closet, well worn and with original Rolling Stone reviews stuffed in their sleeves, I just have to listen to all his old albums again just to hear that young voice and the sound that made him my favorite artist since I was 20 years old.   So thanks, all you people who like Elton as much as I do!
B00004W55E|5.0|I waited a long time for Ms Ferrell to put out another CD, but it was well worth the wait.  the song I forgive you feels like she is speaking not only to me but FOR me.  this is one of the best CD's I have purchased in a long time
B00004SCX6|3.0|After much hesistation, i bought the album... i bought it due to much hype and radioplay. Her songs are easy-listening and highly contagious, once you listened you will soon find yourself abashedly humming along... it is that catchy! But after playing like over a dozen times, it starts to grate your ears with it's over happy la-la bubble-gum songs, so i will only recommend it to people who are fans of bubble-gum pop or just love a good fun party cd.... or to those guys out there who just can't stop drooling over the cd cover.... =)
B000002KNY|5.0|My vinyl copy of the early Talking Heads album is in storage somewhere, but this album and Talking Heads '77 kept coming back to me, so I got a cd copy.  Listening to it makes me a little sad, because it's so amazing.  The songs are odd and interesting, they ask the listener to deal with their oddness, to apply Byrne's nonsense to real life.  When you do this, say with &quot;Paper,&quot; the results can keep you going for a while.  &quot;Paper&quot; - is it about lawyers trying and failing to reduce life to 81/2 x 11?  Or something more general and philosophical - life as symbols on paper versus real life?  Yet these songs aren't dull &quot;art rock.&quot;  They are weird grooves that stay with you, innovative textures and spiky new wave hooks.  &quot;Animals&quot; is hilarious and true: a man confronting the seemingly peaceful and self-contained animals and shouting, &quot;I will not follow animals advice!&quot;  This is a work of art and it should be discussed, listened to and remembered.
0783229321|5.0|In my opinion, Animal House is the funniest movie ever. I bought the Collector's Edition DVD with high hopes for a great A/V transfer, which I got, but towards the 30th chapter, I had a good 5 or 6 solid skips! This is no way to enjoy one of the funniest movies ever! I'm a little disappointed, but I gave the film 5 stars because it's so funny.
B000000OMB|5.0|This is a fantastic album. It is definately the best album of the 80s Asia. Every song is great. I like Palmer's drumming, especially on &quot;Sole Survivor&quot;, Wildest Dreams&quot;, and &quot;Without You&quot;. Downes is great on the whole album, but I really like his work on the outro of &quot;Cutting It Fine&quot; as well as the solo on &quot;Here Comes the Feeling&quot;. How about Howe on &quot;Time Again&quot; and &quot;One Step Closer&quot;? Amazing! And, Wetton just shines everywhere. And although &quot;Heat of the Moment&quot; sounds like it was written in 5 minutes, it's one of the best tracks on the album. That track just sounds like the band having a lot of fun. Buy this one! You won't regret it.
6305622914|1.0|price is too high, so if rank will drop then price will be less :)))))))
B000000OXH|5.0|I bought this album back in 83 when it first came out before I ever heard anything from the debut album. I fell in love with it immediately. Every song is a winner. And I mean every song. The only so-so track on the album is &quot;Never In A Million Years&quot;. It's still a good track, but compared to any other track on the album, it pales in comparison. And, for the price you are paying for it, you can't go wrong. I own quite a few Asia albums, and this is definately one of the best.
B000003TA4|5.0|This CD is very good.If you like grunge, or you like Nirvana you will love this CD!!! If you haven't heard Nirvana, pick up this CD and you will absolutely love Nirvana! You won't be able to stop listening to it!
B00004Z459|5.0|Well they have been compared to Limp Bizkit and all but in my opinion they're already better than them. I probably more Linkin Park songs in just their debut album then all Limp songs from their three albums combined. A few of the songs (one step closer and a place for my head) are similar but they are still amazing. Each and every one of their songs are unbelieveable. My favorite songs are Paper Cut, With You, Pushing me away, A place for my head and one step closer.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I loved Sara McLachlan since 1994. I just love all her tracks on this CD. The best 2 tracks is definitely &quot;building a mystery&quot; and  &quot;sweet surrender&quot;...      If you don't have this CD, then you better buy it right now, believe me....this will be the best album you will ever have...
B000001GQ1|5.0|The core of Beethoven's piano sonates, all masterworks - &quot;Pathétique&quot;, &quot;Mondschein - Sonate&quot;, &quot;Waldstein - Sonate&quot; and &quot;Appassionata&quot; -, played with deepness, intensity and magnificience, but nevertheless communicating to the listener a feeling of enormous peace and quietness, by the greatest piano performer of Beethoveen's works that 20th century had known - Wilhelm Kempff.<br /> I highly appreciated the first and third movement of &quot;Waldstein - Sonate&quot; and also the first movement of &quot;Appassionata&quot;, and obviously I must recommend that superb record.
6305558167|2.0|2 Stars for effort. That's about it. The actors were not convincing, the costumes and scenes were unrealistic, and the dialogue horrible. True, this movie was made in the beginning of the 80's, but I could not sit through the entire movie. The view of women in the movie is awful (the scene with Egraine naked and Uthur in a full suit of armor comes to mind). If you want to see a really good adaption of the King Arthur legend, see Merlin. Now that movie deserved 5 stars.
0684800713|2.0|I was quite distraught at the fact that I didn't enjoy a Hemingway. Maybe my literary tastes aren't quite as sharp and mature as they should be to enjoy this classic. But regardless, my review will not be a strongly positive one.<br />The pointless meandering of the characters and their idle conversation gave me little to grab at. Jake, Brett, Cohn, and friends wander around in Paris and Spain as part of the &quot;Lost Generation&quot;. It is irrefutable that this was the desired effect, but it was just too, well, boring. As expatriates, they spend their lives bouncing from cafes to bars in search of meaning (or inebriation) and from mate to mate (especially Brett). Various characters make various travels, but only when the group vacations in Pamplona, Spain, does the story go with it. The plot is empty, searching for something, indeed quite like the generation about whom it was written.<br />Even though I didn't enjoy The Sun Also Rises, I do respect the fact that it is a classic book written by a classic author. For that alone, (and for the excellent reviews of most of the others,) this book deserves to be given a shot.
B000002J1O|5.0|Great lyrics, great instrumentation. Not repetitive, very creative. The best of Genesis. Just buy it and enjoyit!
B0000524E5|5.0|piper perabo thats all i have to say about this romantic  comedy. she is an empowering actress and deserves an academy award nomination. the whole cast is great though. this movie is excellent.
B00004Z4WR|1.0|Gone in 60 Seconds shows what's wrong with Hollywood these days.  Last summer, most of the pure action films were bombs.  Yes, there were entertaining efforts like M:I-2, but we mostly got dreck like Gone in 60 Secs.  The problem with the movie is, it doesn't have any idea how to deal with its pace or how to give its audience the much needed excitement of a great car chase.  <br />Take Mel Gibson/George Miller's Mad Max and its sequel, The Road Warrior.  There's an inherent grittiness and realism to it that makes it all the more effective.  Gone features one 10-minute long chase sequence that is so unbelieveable I couldn't help but laugh.  The Road Warrior features a 15-minute chase that features some of the most spectacular stunts ever put onscreen and is at least a dozen times more intense than what director Dominic Sena has done with his whole film.
0780631153|1.0|I finally rented this for the weekend and what a BIG disappointment.  I dozed off after the first hour and by the 2 1/2 hour point gave up.  No interesting people, except the poor little boy who peed his pants at the quiz show.  They ranted, they raved, they gazed (meaningfully?)into the camera, they used the *F* word every other sentence, and the STORY?  Oh I forgot there wasn't one.  If this is supposed to be good film making, I will go back to my collection of old films.  Very bad, no matter what the natering nabobs say.
B00004XQ83|4.0|I've seen reviews by other folks talking about this being depression era music, and that is true to an extent in the fact that some of this is old timey music.  However, it is not hard at all to still find this music alive &amp; thriving today.  I've seen about four or five of these artists in concert, and most of them still tour (by the way, the &quot;Soggy Bottom Boys&quot; singer is in Union Station...Allison Krause's band.)  For someone from the south, its nice to finally see the rest of the country (and hopefully the world) start to love and respect our traditional music.  Its about time that Norman Blake, Alison Krause, Emmylou Harris, John Hartford and others are getting national exposure. <br />Its also nice to see that new folks like Chris Thomas King will be carrying on the tradition too!  Buy this album, you won't be disappointed.
B000005HLV|5.0|GREAT ALBUM INSPIRED BY INSANITY AND ANGER----AND WHO KNOWS WHAT ELSE!!I LOVE THE LIGHTNING FAST RIFFS AND SHREADING VOCALS THAT MAKES THIS SUCH A REVOLUTIONARY BLACK METAL ALBUM!!EVERYTHING YOU COULD POSSIBLY NEED IN BLACK METAL IS IN THIS ALBUM!! LONG STORY SHORT--GREAT ABLUM,GO BUY IT
B00004Z4WR|5.0|Gone in 60 Seconds is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. Since I am a car lover, I enjoyed it all the more. The '67 Shelby Mustang at the end is about enough to make anyone drool. Gone in 60 Seconds is an awesome movie! Check it out!
B00004XQ83|5.0|If you are not familiar with Bluegrass and OT Country/Gospel music, this CD will make you a fan.  CD recommended to me by a friend as I have not seen the movie yet, and I love it.  Can not wait to see the movie and now looking for similar styles of music.
B0000029LG|5.0|This is what us fans have been waiting for, a collection of Michael's Greatest Hits, and after almost 4 long years between albums, a new album with new material.<br />First the 1st Disc called HIStory Begins. All of his big hits are here with a few exceptions (Dirty Diana, Leave Me Alone, Human Nature, In The Closet, Jam, etc). Hits from all of his albums. From Off The Wall (Shes Out Of My Life, Rock With You, Dont Stop Til You Get Enough), Thriller (Thriller, Billie Jean, Beat It, The Girl Is Mine, Wanna Be Startin Something), Bad (Bad, The Way You Make Me Feel) Man In The Mirror, I Just Cant Stop Loving You), and Dangerous (Heal The World, Black And White, Remember The Time). This is so addictive to listen to all of his big hits on one cd!<br />The second CD is called HIStory Continues, a 15 track collection of brand new songs (at that time). The lead single combined two of the most popular artists to record one of the greatest songs of our time, called Scream (with Janet Jackson, also very talented!), a song about the press and scrutiny. This portion of the album deals with a lot of anger as Michael was often in the eye of the media with all the controversy surrouding him. They Dont Care About Us is a anti-racism song, very military sounding but its a great song. Stranger In Moscow is one of the best songs on the album, a really great ballad. This Time Around is an ok song, not a favorite for me. Earth Song is probably my favorite on this album, a very sad song about the Earth and how we need to preserve it and treat it better. D.S. and Money are angry songs, and Michael even covers the Beatles classic Come Together. You Are Not Alone is a beautiful song that will forever be remembered for its tenderness and honesty, written by R Kelly. Childhood is a sad tale about a lost childhood, in this song hes speaking of his own. Tabloid Junkie is a funky song about the press and tabloids and scrutiny. 2Bad is a really funky song, and HIStory is a great song that has a very simple message, but its a complex song. Little Susie is a very tragic song that will make you cry, and Smile is Michael's tribute to Charlie Chaplan.<br />This collection is a must for fans of Michael and his music. It reminds us why he makes the best music with the greatest hits, and continues to amaze us with the new songs that continue to break boundaries and set new standards for music, like Michael always has. A must have!
B00000J6AG|5.0|A perfect mix of the old and the new , glorious gospel voices from the past mix seamlessly with cutting edge music . High energy dance tracks sit side by side with stunning ballads and ambient mood pieces . This might seem like an unusual mixture of styles but the album has an organic feel to it that makes the track running order seem like a natural progression .<br />   Last but not least is the mixture that is the most difficult to obtain , and that is artistic integrity with commercial success and Moby has certainly achieved this .<br />   &quot; Play &quot; is one of those rare records that is very accessible but still rewards the listener with repeated playing .<br />   An exceptional record !
B000056K04|5.0|This is an awesome CD.  I have been a Dave Matthews Band fan for a long while now and I love the old stuff, but this album blows the previous CD's away.  It's rockin' and is deeper than the other albums.  Dave's lyrics are amazing.  If you are a music fan, buy this album!!!
B00004U2EZ|2.0|I  read the other reviews of this CD on Amazon. The reviews were very favorable, so I purchased the CD. I am learning the French language, so I am trying to get my hands on as much  French material as I can.<br />However, I was very disappointed in this musical. I am a great lover of musicals. Notre Dame de Paris singers have very weak voices that do not carry well at all. Some of the singers sound as though they have sore throats! If you like musicals and great singers, this CD may disappoint you.<br />The lyrics to all the songs are included. This would have been great to help me with learning the language, but I can't stand the bad singing. I wish that I hadn't purchased it.
B00000JQFM|5.0|One of all time greatest albums, along with  Vai's Passion and Warfare, and  not just for guitarists. Everyone needs to experience this, you will be amazed what a guitar can sound like and how it can inspire you.
B000001FFJ|5.0|This album deserves 5 stars for one song alone, Blind Love.  I would urge people to buy the record for just this one song. Tom Waits and Keith Richards, there isn't a better song around to make you feel like you are on your 7th or 8th drink.
B000002UAF|5.0|The original US release of the LP A Hard Day's Night was practically perfect. So tell me why, when the CD came out a generation later, the powers that be saw fit to add and delete in such a cavalier manner? I still love this score, and even in the chopped version available on CD now, it is a must for anyone who wants to know anything about why the Beatles were what they were. But if it ain't broke, don't fix it. What could they have been thinking at Capitol Records when they omitted the instrumentals from the original? You can't do that! If you need to ADD, ok, then add some of the other numbers from the film. We do want to get our CD's price worth, and if that's still not enough, then add whatever you like.(The current best seller, the fabulous &quot;1&quot; CD has 27 songs, and is an exquisite trip through Beatlemania.) But for heaven's sake, don't restructure such an important piece of musical history! Yes, those of us who were there when it all happened, and listened to it so much that it became a part of us, want to feel the thrill again; but more importantly, the original soundtrack was put together by the wisdom of its age. It somehow seems a violation of history to put it out there with the original title when it's now something different.  That said, I still recommend getting this CD (unless the true original becomes available). Those of you who experienced it will appreciate this: I was 12 when the Beatles made their three appearances on Ed Sullivan; the perfect age to get involved with the music and the mop tops, and to evolve from there. My 12 year old just discovered them in the past few weeks, thanks to the CD &quot;1&quot;, and has fallen passionately in love with the early Beatles. Oh, are we having a blast listening and singing along! The perfect coming together of the new and the old, the young and the old. I remember all over again why I love the Beatles.
B00003CXN4|4.0|and, in DVD format, those who enjoyed it in the theatre for its complex construction will no doubt enjoy some of the DVD's technical aspects. This is not a movie to be enjoyed.  You will be flummoxed by the rapidly changing scenes and the overall atmosphere of futility. You will be caught up in each of the story lines, and you will have mixed emotions about the characters, the plot, and the filmmaker's vision of the movie as a whole.  You may be deeply disturbed, if you have teens or preteens. But, the movie will make an impact, a big one, on how you feel and how you think and what you look for in a film. The star of the movie is the cameraman, but the direction, Don Cheadle, Benicio del Toro and Michael Douglas are all worthy contributors, as is the young actress who plays the judge's daughter, and the TV actor who plays her boyfriend.  There is a scene between Douglas and the boyfriend that will drive parents wild...wanting to take out some of their frustration on a teen that is probably just telling it the way it is. So, I can't say &quot;Enjoy&quot; because you won't, but I can say, &quot;Experience it&quot;...because it is definitely a film you will recall and speak of for years in the future.
B000056K04|3.0|My first encounter with DMB was approximately five years ago, and numerous were the factors that striked me about this band.  One of them was the way they were able to combine different musical genres (namely rock, jazz, and country) and come out with such an original and outstanding sound : a purely innovative style.  Furthermore, DMB was a band per se, with its members playing a variety of instruments, and manipulating them with grace.  Not to mention Dave Matthews voice, which I characterize as intense and unique.<br />&quot;Before these crowded streets&quot; was the beginning of a new era for DMB (to my great disappointment).  The band modified their style and moved towards being one among many rock bands.  Though one must give them credit for the couple of good tracks on the record.  &quot;Everyday&quot;, however, moves to a greater extent in the direction as &quot;Before . . . &quot;  Once again, the album does contain some good material, but it is (too) rare.  Furthermore, their change in genre has been so radical as compared to namely &quot;Remember Two Things&quot; and &quot;Under the Table and Dreaming&quot; that one no longer recognizes DMB.  The bottom line is that DMB has lost the greatness that it once had.  <br />Speaking as a fan of this band, I do recommend that you purchase this record, but keep your expectations relatively low!!!  All we can possibly hope for is that in their next album, DMB returns to the basics . . . Ants Marching, Satellite, Two Step, et cetera.  The old stuff that gives us all goose bumps each time we listen to it.
B00004SCX6|2.0|when i purchased this album when it was released way back in may 2000, i was positive i'd enjoy it. back them i was a fan of miss spears. later i realized that the music business just isn't what it used to be. the songs are quite catchy, yet its all about teenage love, and she gets by the negative reviews with good looks and dance moves, which really aren't HER original choreography. i am not saying that the songs CAN'T be taken seriously, but britney can't be taken seriously while singing her songs, since she doesn't write them. she is NOT going to be singing in 5 years, so she might as well quit before its too late.
B0000024PC|4.0|We all know and love the Simon &amp; Garfunkel music for 'The Graduate', but there's much more on this album.  Dave Grusin (who was totally uncredited on the original LP release of this material) contributed music, as well.  The S &amp; G tracks speak volumes for Benjamin Braddock, but Grusin speaks for Mrs. Robinson's generation, and he does it with a sly wit seldom heard in movie music.  The best Grusin track on this CD is 'Sunporch Cha-Cha-Cha', a delicious spoof of all the Henry Mancini/ Frank DeVol movie music so popular with adults in the early 60's.  If you're familiar with that genre, you'll laugh out loud at Grusin's ever-so-slightly overblown cha-cha, with its organ notes and woodwinds.  It starts out brightly attractive, and when it's over, you realise you've been had: it's totally empty, meaningless music- perfect listening for Mrs. Robinson.  This track is expertly performed; the orchestra obviously had a grand time stressing the deliberate vacuousness of Grusin's composition.  One note for Simon &amp; Garfunkel addicts: the versions of 'Mrs. Robinson' heard here are not anything like the version you're familiar with.  The film used only an instrumental version; film director Mike Nichols commissioned the version with lyrics from Paul Simon after the movie's completion in hopes it would become a successful tie-up for the movie.  He guessed right.  This one is a must for your S &amp; G collection, but there are other delights in store for you.  Trust me.
0394716787|5.0|Macabre, enticing, and fantastic, Poe's stories reveal a first rate intellect and an out of this world imagination. Poe was the first or one of the first authors of science fiction--his claim to this achievement is his story &quot;Ligea,&quot; which is a must read, underrated story. &quot;The Devil in the Belfry&quot; reveals Poe's comic talents, as does the delightful &quot;X-ing the Paragrab.&quot; These two stories reveal the light, almost playful, side of Poe, which is usually obscured by the dark side of his macabre horror stories and brooding poems. Speaking of which, his horror stories are some of the best ever written. I still fell the tension, reading them for the nth time in my life. Poe is also the originator of the detective story. Poe's intellect is evident in the story &quot;Mellonta Tauta,&quot; where he humorously explains the difference between the Aristotilean/deductive reasoning and Baconian (Hog-ish!)/inductive reasoning. In his stories he also demonstrated some understanding of the theory of probability, foresaw the philosophical approach known as perspectivalism, and raised the question of sanity/normalcy that would become one of the major social questions of the 20th century, when power-hungry manical and clever madman came to power in some countries with the full intent of eventually ruling the world.<br />I consider Poe one of the most imaginative people ever and one of the most insightful people of the 19th century. By today's standards, his life was short. But the legacy he left influenced and inspired so many people that he should be regarded as one of the greatest writers of short stories who ever lived, and as someone who belongs in the pantheon of many 19th century geniuses.
B0000041TD|5.0|I understand that this opera may be considered to be something of an 'old chestnut' by some, but I am a newcomer, pretty much, to classical music and I like such things anyway, old chestnuts or not. The minute this set was delivered I played it simply incessantly and thought the world of it. This is still true sometime later. Because I really know nothing about classical music (and am only able to learn what I can about it and enjoy it, really, thanks to my CD player, which continues to work well, plus wherever I get my information, especially as I have so very little money), I will not try to say much more about La Bohme, except that I continue to play it because it's beautiful, and, if you buy it, you will find it to be also. I highly recommend it, therefore.
B00003CXN4|5.0|I saw this movie the first week it came out. I could have done without the Michael Douglas storyline. I thought it was boring. The Catherine Zeta-Jones story line was good. What can I say about the Benicio Del Toro story line??? I know. WOW!!!!!! This is his movie from beginning to end. If he doesn't win tonight something is really wrong.
B00004XONN|5.0|Warm organ notes herald the beginning of Everything in its Right Place and sets the tone for the remainder of this critically acclaimed album.  Many people do not think it is Radiohead, but this album has its own identity that is essential for rock bands to stand out.  Spin Magazine ranked them #1 band in 2001 and they deserve it.  Tracks like Optimistic, Idioteque and Motion Picture Soundtrack displays the flexibility and innovation that this fivesome possesses and will continie [....]  Radiohead has been known for tracks like Fake Plastic Trees, Creep, and Karma Police.  But this album shows the other side of them that had many people questioning it, but now recognizing and loving it at the same time.  Do not judge it by the first time you hear it.  Turn off the lights in your room, press play on Kid A and admire the creativity that is associated with this album.  This is by far one of the best albums of the year and no wonder Radiohead is one of the most important bands of the year and will said next year again.  That I can assure you.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Traffic<br />Score: 95/100<br />Not since The Basketball Diaries have drugs been so expertly portrayed in a completely realisitic way as in Traffic, a stunning drama that captures you and doesn't let go, kind of like a rip in the ocean. Traffic is certainly one of the best films of 2000, such a memorable and moving picture that just keeps getting better.<br />Ohio Supreme Court judge Robert Wakefield has been appointed the nation's Drug Czar (Michael Douglas), his new position made more daunting by the discovery that his teenage daughter Caroline (Erika Christensen) is a heroin addict. Meanwhile, DEA agents Montel Gordon (Don Cheadle) and Ray Castro (Luis Guzman) are pursuing Helena Ayala (Catherine Zeta-Jones), wife of jailed kingpin Carlos Ayala (Steven Bauer), as she seeks to the control the business that her husband had kept hidden from her. South of the Border, duplicious local constable Javier Rodriguez (Benicio Del Toro) is fighting the battle with his own jaded, questionable ethical code.<br />It's not a surprise that almost everything in this movie is pitch-perfect, especially the beautifully controlled performances, particularly from married couple Michael Douglas and Catherine Zeta-Jones, the two are both astonishing, Douglas in his second best appearance of the year, and Zeta-Jones in her first mature performance since The Mask of Zorro, that is also her best role on-screen. Also on the hotline is Benicio Del Toro, in a role so cool, honest and controlled it makes you forget about his gigantic mistake in Excess Baggage and he holds the screen with a major force in all his awesomely-shaded scenes. Then, of course, there is Steven Soderbergh who goes above and beyond anything he has ever done before, including 2000's other S.S. hit Erin Brockovich and 1998's underrated Out of Sight. It's a truly stunning direction effort, in which Soderbergh should win an Oscar for.<br />Traffic is not one of those boring, yawny, let's-go-for-a-sleep movies, it is an entertaining, compelling and brave piece of cinema that never lets up. See it now.
B00004R9A4|5.0|It has taken four years for Disney to give adequate treatment to their catalog titles on a regular basis, but now with this disc (also that of &quot;Pete's Dragon&quot;) they're finally realizing that caring about quality pays off in the end. And what quality it is! This film has been restored to 139 minutes, adding 22 minutes of scenes that greatly benefit the flow of the story and the characters. The picture (first time in widescreen) and sound (Dolby 5.1) are the best I've ever seen this film looking. The supplements are also very good for a 1-disc set. Parents, please buy this terrific DVD of this wonderful film for your children, they will be forever grateful.
B00003CXDV|4.0|Galaxy Quest<br />Score: 75/100<br />Galaxy Quest is a crowd-pleasing comedy which did surprisingly well with the critics and movie-goer's alike. It boasts a flashy cast and awesome set decoration, and is an original and watchable comedy that deserves the good-word it's got, and will continue to get.<br />Eighteen years after their sci-fi adventure show &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; was cancelled, actors Jason Nesmith (Tim Allen), Gwen DeMarco (Sigourney Weaver), Alexander Dane (Alan Rickman), Tommy Webber (Daryl Mitchell), and Fred Kwan (Tony Shalhoub) are making appearances at sci-fi conventions and store openings in costume and character. They're wallowing in despair and at each other's throats until aliens known as Thermians arrive and, having mistook the show for fact and consequently modeling their entire culture around it, take them into space to save them from the genocidal General Sarris and his armada.<br />Galaxy Quest is quite simply one of the funniest movies of recent memory, and although it is pretty much a forgettable movie, it remains a spot-on Star Trek spoof which gets better with every minute. The Thermian's are a laugh, and all the actors are great; especially Sigourney Weaver as Gwen, she really needed that spice, that enchantment and that suit. The make-up for Alan Rickman is stunning and the CGI effects are sometimes stunning.<br />Hilarious and continuously watchable, Galaxy Quest is a fun and adventurous movie which should not be missed by all audiences who just want to have a good time.
6305627347|4.0|Any and every South Park fan should see this movie. I found the entire thing funny especially the parts with satan.  After waiting for a long time to see this film I felt it was well worth the wait.The only thing I was disapointed in was that there was less Mr.Garrison.La Resistance(to find out what this means watch the film).
B000031WD9|4.0|American Pie<br />Score: 77/100<br />Before watching American Pie you must be warned: your sides will hurt from laughing too much, and this laughter will come from mostly crude and rude jokes that come with endlessly imaginative actions and fantastic one-liners. And after watching it you also must be warned: you will never, ever, ever under any circumstances eat apple pie again, so make sure you have a slice before you watch this laugh-a-minute teen comedy.<br />At a high-school party, four friends Jim (Jason Biggs), Kevin (Thomas Ian Nicholas), Finch (Eddie Kay Thomas), and Oz (Chris Klein) find that losing their collective virginity isn't as easy as they had thought. But they still believe that they need to do so before college. To motivate themselves, they enter a pact to try to be the first to &quot;score.&quot; And of course, the senior prom is their last best chance. As the fateful date draws near, the boys wonder who among them will get lucky. More importantly, do they really want to do it at all?<br />To get the flaws over and done with; Natasha Lyonne is underused, and it is a shame because she is by far the most interesting character in the movie, she has some great quotable parts in the script (\\"It's not space shuttle launch, it's sex\\"; \\"I like to keep my options open\\") and hopefully, in the up-coming sequel, she'll get more time on-screen. There is also a largely unfunny toilet `gag' with the character of Finch, the scene totally steals from Dumb &amp; Dumber, and crapping scenes have been done much funnier and much better. Okay, back to the good stuff, the cast is fantastic, Biggs is a great find (unfortunately he kind of ruined his career with some dumb comedies after he invested the part of Jim), Klein is sensitive and believably hip, while the chick-a-dee's like Mena Suvari, Tara Reid and ultimately Buffy's Alyson Hannigan, who manages to steal the entire film with only one line. This is one blast of a fun movie, I can guarantee you'll be chuckling and smiling a long time after watching it.<br />If not perfect, American Pie is easily the best teen sex comedy of 1999. Highly recommended any time, any day.
B000056K04|4.0|I've heard a LOT of people slamming this album.  Just take a look for yourself!  And, on some points, I agree.  For one, the always-loved solos are gone.  In fact, a LOT of stuff is gone.  Boyd Tinsley and Leroi Moore take a backseat...  WAY back, in a lot of cases.  Electric guitar?  I'm not a fan.  I also don't like &quot;I Did It&quot;.  All their old chops are gone, and their talent isn't showcased like it used to be. However, that doesn't mean this album is awful.  Taken on its merits alone, ignoring past successes, this album is actually pretty good.  Sure, its not up to the standard of their older albums (take a look at Under the Table and Dreaming...  fantastic work!), but it IS good music.  Some of the old, funky, experimental feel really shines through in a couple songs.  Fool to Think, especially, has an incredibly complex time signature (polyrhythms, anyone?).  Carter Beauford (drums) still gets his chops in, and he's still playing very complex stuff (I'm a drummer myself, and after playing along with this album 5 or 6 times, there's still some very complex double-bass stuff/polyrhythms/syncopation stuff in there).   Is it classic Dave?  Nope.  Is it their best album anyway?  Uhhh.... no.  Sorry.  Is it worth a listen?  Sure is!   Hopefully, DMB will take what they learned from this album, and bring it back more towards their old &quot;jam band&quot; feel.  Maintaining some &quot;radio friendly&quot;, &quot;fan base expander&quot; feel while playing the way we old fans know they can will keep them popular and interesting.   So, take this CD for face value.  Don't expect the world, you ain't gonna get it.  What you can expect is a good, solid CD.
B000055Y0X|5.0|Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worryingand Love the Bomb<br />Score: 98/100<br />Peter Sellers playing 3 roles. George C. Scott supporting him. Stanley Kubrick directing. South American's accents been mocked. It all sounded like heaven. And it was. Everyone got more out of Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb than anyone had the right to expect for an independent film of 1964.<br />U.S. Air Force General Jack Ripper (Sterling Hayden) goes completely and utterly mad, and sends his bomber wing to destroy the U.S.S.R. He suspects that the communists are conspiring to pollute the &quot;precious bodily fluids&quot; of the American people. The U.S. president meets with his advisors, where the Soviet ambassador tells him that if the U.S.S.R. is hit by nuclear weapons, it will trigger a &quot;Doomsday Device&quot; which will destroy all plant and animal life on Earth. Peter Sellers portrays the three men who might avert this tragedy: British Group Captain Lionel Mandrake, the only person with access to the demented Gen. Ripper; U.S. President Merkin Muffley, whose best attempts to divert disaster depend on placating a drunken Soviet Permier; and the former Nazi genius Dr. Strangelove, who concludes that &quot;such a device would not be a practical deterrent for reasons which at this moment must be all too obvious&quot;. Will the bombers be stopped in time, or will General Jack Ripper succeed in destroying the world?<br />George C. Scott, Sterling Hayden, Slim Pickens and James Earl Jones are all excellent in memorable scenes, but this is clearly Sellers' show, even over Stanley Kubrick's never-better directing detail. Sellers' performance is one of the most stunning, extraordinary and utterly brilliant performances ever put to screen. He always gives the film its comedy and he'll put a smile on your face, and volcanically erupts the comic humour deep down in his intriguing characters. There are many classical scenes; the phone conversation between a woman in a bikini who argues with her bosses' boss; the hilarious quote \\"Gentleman - you can't fight in here, this is the war room\\" and of course that ending, a final shot in a film that is one of the finest to memory.<br />Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb has one of the longest titles in film history, but damn, it's all over too quickly! But, since there is not a film by Stanley Kubrick that matches this one, it's a must-buy, and you'll be staring at Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb all day after you've spent your money. It's quite simply the best, most classical dark comedy ever made.
B00003CXFV|4.0|Erin Brockovich<br />Score: 85/100<br />Wow, what a surprise. We didn't really see this one coming. Mostly with names like Erin Brockovich or Joan of Arc, you'd expect there was going to be some kind of war hero who dies in the end and has never been noticed before. But, in Erin Brockovich, it focuses on a classy new kind of hero that brings a small town to it's feet and huge business to it's knees.<br />Erin Brockovich (Julia Roberts) is an unemployed single mother desperate find a job but is having no luck. This losing streak even extends to a failed lawsuit against a doctor in a car accident she was in. With no alternative, she successfully browbeats her lawyer to give her a job in compensation for the loss. While no one takes her seriously with her trashy clothes and earthy manners, that soon changes when she begins to investigate a suspicious real estate case involving the Pacific Gas &amp; Electric Co.. What she discovers is that the company is trying to quietly to buy land that was contaminated by hexavalent chromium, a deadly toxic waste that the company is improperly and illegally dumping and in turn poisoning the residents in the area. As she digs deeper, Erin finds herself leading point in a series of events that would involve her lawfirm in one of the biggest class action lawsuits in American history against a multi-billion dollar corporation<br />In Erin Brockovich, you can no longer expect the romantic-comedy type of Julia Roberts. Here, she shines in her role as Erin, a feisty and determined single mom with a plan. It's the first movie in which Roberts really deserves the `career-best' nod, and it will be a movie that she will be remembered for in the future. She is well supported by Albert Finney who handles Ed Masry's anger and happiness perfectly. There is also Aaron Eckhart, who stars as Erin's love interest, to keep us occupied and he is cast nicely and has promise for future roles. Hats off to director Steven Soderbergh (nominated for Best Director twice this year!) and Susannah Grant, who put mindblowing effort into this great picture.<br />One more thing: look out for the real Erin Brockovich as a waitress, and don't miss this film!
B00003CWNR|4.0|The Cider House Rules<br />Score: 78/100<br />After winning two Academy Awards and been nominated for 5 more, The Cider House Rules became one of my many must-see's, and while I personally think it didn't deserve such Academy praise, The Cider House Rules is pretty much a great film, and while I can think of a lot better movies that came out in it's year, this is nonetheless a watchable and nicely played-out little flick from Swedish director Lasse Hallstrom.<br />Homer (Tobey Maguire) is an orphan in remote St. Cloud, Maine. Never adopted, he becomes the favourite of orphanage director Dr. Larch (Michael Caine), who imparts his full medical knowledge on Homer, who becomes a skilled, albeit unlicensed, physician. But Homer yearns for a self-chosen life outside the orphanage. When Wally (Paul Rudd) and pregnant Candy (Charlize Theron) visit the orphanage Dr. Larch provides medically safe, albeit illegal, abortions Homer leaves with them to work on Wally's family apple farm. Wally goes off to war, leaving Homer and Candy alone together. What will Homer learn about life and love in the cider house? What of the destiny that Dr. Larch has planned for him?<br />I found The Cider House Rules to be marvellous the first time round, I would of given it perhaps a 92/100 rather than the 78/100 score I have just recently lowered it to. I found a lot of flaws in the film, it's sometimes boring and a little corny at times, but it remains a dramatically moving piece of work with excellent direction from the Oscar-nominated Hallstrom. Tobey Maguire and Charlize Theron are superbly cast as the two movie-lover's dripping closer and closer, while Michael Caine, if not quite as good as fellow Oscar nominee's, still put in a hearty and believable performance as the caring Dr. Larch. Another big bonus is the piano score, which is brilliantly played by Rachel Portman and friends, and is an exceptional score, which suits the movie perfectly.<br />Highly recommended and nicely setout, The Cider House Rules is a critically acclaimed piece of work that truly deserves its praise.
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|Scary Movie<br />Score: 77/100<br />Scary Movie was a film that got hardly any word before it was released, but, hey presto, when it was put into cinemas, it made more money than all the movies it's spoofing! Sheesh! That's independent-film power for you. But, even if Scary Movie isn't quite as good as some of the films it eagerly makes fun of, you can't help but love it, and I highly recommend it.<br />Six friends, including Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris), Buffy Gellar (Shannon Elizabeth), Brenda (Regina Hall), and Greg (Lochlyn Munro), are being stalked by a serial killer that is a mix between GhostFace of Scream and Ben Willis of I Know and I Still Know that wants them dead for a car accident that happened last Halloween. Pesky reporter Gail Hailstorm (Cheri Oteri) is also stalking the friends. The body count begins when Drew Decker (Carmen Electra) is murdered and everybody is getting bumped off in a very stupid way. <br />Scary Movie is an extremely loveable film with many high-lights, including Buffy Gellar's death and a little-but-cool cameo from James Van Deer Beck from Dawson's Creek. However, the film is dumb in the spoof-way, but perhaps the Wayan's brother's needed to research horror films before jumping into spoofing Scream, because all the three Scream's are in fact spoofs themselves. Not as full on as this one, but still a spoof. However, this is a majorly enjoyable, gross-out and continuously funny film with eager performances from the cast and a script that dreams up a lot of funny ways to tease serious horror films.<br />It may not be for everyone, but in my opinion, horror-spoofs don't come much better than this.
B00003CXPD|5.0|Billy Elliot<br />Score: 88/100<br />One of the most critically accepted movies of 2000, Billy Elliot is a real charmer of a movie that gets better with every minute. It certainly deserves all of its success, and should've been a Best Picture runner-up at the Oscar's 2001, but unfortunately, all it got was 3 nods. Oh, well. At least it got that, or else I would have been pouncing on the Academy!<br />1984: In a northern England mining town, miners are on strike and the atmosphere is tense. Eleven-year old Billy Elliot (Jamie Bell), whose father (Gary Lewis) and brother (Jamie Draven) are participating in the strike, whose mother has died quite some time ago and whose grandmother is not completely aware of what's going on, doesn't like the brutal boxing lessons at school. Instead, he falls for the girls' ballet lessons. When his folks find out about this unusual love of his, Billy is in trouble. Being supported by the ballet teacher, Mrs. Wilkinson (Julie Walters), he keeps on training secretly while the work situation as well as the problems at home get worse. Finally, Mrs. Wilkinson manages to get Billy an audition for the Royal Ballet School, but now he also has to open his heart to his family.<br />There are heaps of shining stars in the movies that make it all worth while: Stephen Daldry, director, nominated for his extroadinary effort this year, Gary Lewis, who brutally and brilliantly displays his anger and Julie Walters who stuns our emotion every time she peeps a word. But, the film belongs to the amazingly talented Jamie Bell, he is Oscar-worthy and very natural in his role as Billy, and it hasn't been since Haley Joel Osment's performance in The Sixth Sense 2 years ago that we have seen such an engaging child actor. The film is also able to mix comedy, drama and a slight touch of romance into a very acceptable running time, and do it completely relaxed and with style.<br />Billy Elliot is simply not to be missed! A wonderful achievement!
6305903182|4.0|Scream 3<br />Score: 80/100<br />It was the big question, could Scream 3, the end of the highest-grossing horror franchise in history, live up to its 2 fantastical predecessors? The answer was a very convincing yes. Scream 3 is so hip, cool and watchable that you can't help but love it.<br />After the terrifying events that occurred around Windsor College, Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell) is now living alone in a secluded Northern California mountainside. Still haunted by her past, frightening images of her dead mother reappear time after time in her head as she tries to get on with her life. She now gives advice, under a fictional name for safety, to women in crisis via telephone. Soon enough though, her comfort turns to fear as she receives a threatening phone call from an anonymous source who informs her on the recent murders committed around the Hollywood set of &quot;Stab 3: Return to Woodsboro, the third and final chapter to the 'Stab' series. Sidney decides to visit the set when she finds out that with every victim, the new killer leaves behind a different photo of Sidney's deceased mother, Maureen Prescott. Eventually the cast of &quot;Stab 3&quot; start dying one by one and more photos of Maureen appear. Mark Kincaid (Patrick Dempsey), an LAPD detective, is sent to investigate the strange murder and becomes friendly with Sidney. Meanwhile, Gale (Courteney Cox Arquette) visits the set of &quot;Stab 3,&quot; after she hears of the murders. Ironically, she meets up with Dewey (David Arquette), who is now working behind the film alongside his actress/girlfriend Jennifer (Parker Posey). Gale, Dewey, and Sidney rejoin along with the actors and actresses of &quot;Stab 3,&quot; who are all shaken up by the rest of the cast being killed off. As the secret to Sidney's past unfolds, the three discover that in the trilogy, anything can happen. <br />It's amazing how many bad reviews this superbly timed third chapter got. It's entertaining, it's funny, it's clever, it'sgot plot and it's got blood, so anything else anyone was expecting from the Scream trilogy was obviously out of their league. The new team and oldie's all co-operate to make Scream 3 successful, and the performances are great, particularly from Campbell and Posey, who light up the screen as Sid and Jennifer. David Arquette and Courteney Cox Arquette stay on their usual great form, and all the characters come in some use. Scream 3 is also immediately different from the first two films as it has much more cameos, including Kevin Smith creations Jay `Phat' Buds and Silent Bob, and Carrie Fisher who actually makes a joke about her casting on Star Wars! The film also has a fun, campy feel to it and it knows exactly what it's doing and how to do it.<br />You may be going `Oh, whatever!' when the killer finally takes off the mask, nevertheless this is still endlessly inventive and mercilessly entertaining, and must not be missed by all audiences who enjoyed the first two films.
078324228X|4.0|The Hurricane<br />Score: 84/100<br />This movie is not what I expected it to be. I thought it would be a boring time-waster for me and a couple of friends to sit through just to waste a couple of hours of the day. But, I was wrong. I found myself enthralled in the dramatic events of The Hurricane, and it was a pleasant surprise.<br />The film tells the true story of Rubin &quot;Hurricane&quot; Carter (Denzel Washington), an African-American man who rose above his troubled youth to become a top contender for the middle-weight boxing title. However, his dreams are shattered when he is accused of a triple murder, and is convicted to three natural-life terms. Despite becoming a cause celebre and his dogged efforts to prove his innocence through his autobiography, the years of fruitless efforts have left him discouraged. This changes when an African-American boy, Lesra (Vicellous Reon Shannon) and his Canadian mentors read his book and are convinced of his innocence enough to work for his exoneration. However, what Hurricane and his friends learn is that this fight puts them against a racist establishment that profited from this travesty and have no intention of seeing it reversed.<br />It may sound boring, but this is an engaging story that is superbly acted by a group of talents; Denzel Washington most notably as Rubin, his performance burns in memory, and is one of the most believable portrayals of a hero in recent memory. The supporters aren't a touch bad either; Vicellous Reon Shannon gives an impressive role as our hero's supporter, while John Hannah and Deborah Kara Unger are both watchable and rightly cast. Director Norman Jewison's view of race and African-American life is quite stunning, and he gives the film a real backbone.<br />An underrated little gem, The Hurricane, if not perfect, remains continuously watchable and should be seen by all who enjoyed Jewison's previous efforts.
0780631684|4.0|Final Destination<br />Score: 73/100<br />Final Destination has mixed reviews and a pretty much un-known cast. It didn't really look all that interesting until the world got told that it was simply the most enjoyable teen horror movie since Scream. Well, even though Final Destination was a little bit off those standards, it remains a highly praised piece of horror that has a few flashes of ingeniously put-together deaths.<br />Alex (Devon Sawa) and a group of high school students take a flight to Paris for a French class trip. Before they set off, Alex has a premonition of the plane bursting into flames minutes after take off. He tells everyone to get off the ill-fated aircraft. Moments later in the departure lounge the student see the plane explode before their very eyes. Now the FBI thinks that Alex had something to do with it and follows his every move. His friends start to believe he had something to do with it also and slowly fade out of his life. But now, each one of his friends is mysteriously being killed by something that appears to the Grim Reaper. Alex starts to believe that fate is starting to taking it's toll.<br />It's a bizarre and unrealistic film, and the poor chase finale doesn't help it. but Final Destination is so inventive, scary and funny that you can't help but be enthralled. We haven't seen such creative deaths as this since God knows how long, and from the first minute, James Wong uses so many cool and nifty tricks that the film becomes unbearably imaginative. The cast are repeatedly watchable; it's only Dawson's Creek's Kerr Smith that is in a seriously miscast role, he overblows his character so stupidly that you'll laugh. Otherwise, this is a hip and trendy new kind of thriller that will please all audiences willing to have a good time.<br />Finally, a horror film that can be recommended to teens and adults alike.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator<br />Score: 87/100<br />When you make a movie about gladiator's, there is a good chance it's going to be great, since gladiator's are an easy premise to make a good movie out of. But there hasn't been an excellent movie about gladiator's in a long time. Well, Gladiator, probably 2000's most praised movie, is going to change the fact, this is actually better than excellent.<br />Maximus (Russell Crowe) is a powerful Roman general, loved by the people and the aging Emperor, Marcus Aurelius (Richard Harris). Before his death, the Emperor chooses Maximus to be his heir over his own son, Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix), and a power struggle leaves Maximus and his family condemned to death. The powerful general is unable to save his family, and his loss of will allows him to get captured and put into the Gladiator games until he dies. The only desire that fuels him now is the chance to rise to the top so that he will be able to look into the eyes of the man who will feel his revenge.<br />Gladiator is tremendous filmmaking done in a superbly Old-Hollywood-Meets-New-Hollywood way, and although it's historically inaccurate, you won't really care because you'll be having so much fun. Russell Crowe and Joaquin Phoenix are both Oscar-worthy as General Maximus and Emperor Commodus, and both hold the screen with such pure force that you can't rip your eyes away from their terrific expressions and heartfelt emotions. Ridley Scott's direction is full of effort and should be praised, and the set decorations are terrific.<br />If you haven't seen this yet, which I doubt, go and rent it A.S.A.P. What are you waiting for?
B00000G3PA|4.0|Armageddon<br />Score: 74/100<br />If you are making an explanation of the ingredients that an 100/100 film would need, it is best not to use Armageddon's flavours. But, if you are making an explanation of pure entertainment at it's best, then Armageddon is a great example to use. This film opened up to the world as a major blockbuster with Razzie potential from some critics. However, some movie-goer's, like myself, happened to enjoy this film, and as a shooting star of a moneymaker, Armageddon soars high in the universe.<br />A giant, global-killing asteroid, like the one that killed off the dinosaurs 65 million years ago is 18 days away from hitting the Earth. NASA's been caught with their pants down and needs a new plan to stop the rock. They enlist the help of Harry Stamper (Bruce Willis), an expert deep core driller, to train their astronauts and help them drill into the asteroid and plant a nuclear bomb. But Harry figures the astronauts can't be trained in time and opts to go with his own oil drilling crew.<br />To get the flaws over and done with, Armageddon is sometimes too far-fetched that it becomes a little bit laughable, and Bruce Willis' character, Harry, is the hero. He isn't likeable one bit, unlike Willis' former heroic gun-aimer's and space travelling characters. But those things are quite minor, and great performances from Liv Tyler and Ben Affleck - especially Tyler, as the beautiful and Earthly young girl who sends her two most important men into sport - make up for Willis' half-effort. Also, a star-studded cast supports the three stars, including the never bad Steve Buscemi, giant Michael Clarke Duncan, the calm Owen Wilson and the weirdly watchable William Fichtner. All these actors play their roles well, and each have more faith in the story than some of the other main stars alone. Michael Bay controls his crew well, and he works excellently with the special effects team to create a stunning view of space, and some awesome blasting sounds thatwill unnerve you.<br />Armageddon is not as bad as you may of heard, and even though it isn't Best Picture material, it is still an excellent form of entertainment, a film that is able to mix romance, thrills and full-on adventure nicely and without struggle.
B00003CWRX|4.0|The Insider<br />Score: 84/100<br />Whatever your personal opinions are about The Insider, you must admit that it is a well-made movie. If you dislike it, you can't exactly say that the effort wasn't a large amount for all the cast and crew. Because it was, and you can tell just by watching every minute of this long but rewarding crowd-pleaser starring New Zealand's Russell Crowe, in a performance that got him nominated for an Oscar. The film also earned 6 other nominations, and didn't win one of them, since there was too much competition. A shame, because this is such an intelligent and observing movie that you can't help but be intrigued.<br />This film tells the true story of Jeffrey Wigand (Crowe), a former tobacco executive, who decided to appear on the CBS-TV News show &quot;60 Minutes.&quot; As matter of conscience partially prodded by producer Lowell Bergman (Al Pacino), he revealed that, the tobacco industry was not only aware that cigarettes are addictive &amp; harmful, but deliberately worked on increasing that addictiveness. Unfortunately, both protagonists of this story learn the hard way that simply telling the truth is not enough as they struggle against both Big Tobacco's attempts to silence them and the CBS TV Network's own cowardly complict preference of putting money as a higher priority over the truth. <br />It's amazing how well this did with the critics, since it didn't get much attention at the box office or at home-video rental stores. But people, intelligently, liked Michael Mann's thrilling and dramatic film that, if sometimes a little boring for some audiences, manages to deliver first-rate performances from the cast and be memorable and vivid in your mind. The Insider's script is a majorly clever one, it literally blew socks off global viewers for it's pure sense of intelligence, the film was written by Michael Mann (we can't get enough of him) and Eric Roth (his promising co-writer).<br />In short: The Insider is a must-see in all aspects.
0140177396|5.0|This book was heart-warming and sad.  It is about a man named Lennie who was mentally disabled and always misjudged because of his looks.  Ever since he lost his Aunt Clair, who took care of him for most of his life, George, who once told Lennie to jump off a bridge into a river and almost made Lennie drown, took sympathy in Lennie and looked after him to his dying day.  Lennie always tried to make George happy and always tried to not disappoint him, but he always messed up and diappointed George.  In the story George helps Lennie in his jobs and life.  But Lennie never seems to help George to get ahead.
B000008COG|1.0|The reviewer below must be a real AC/DC fan ... How can someone say that this &quot;BLOW UP YOUR VIDEO&quot; is better than &quot;FOR THOSE ABOUT TO ROCK&quot; and &quot; HIGHWAY TO HELL&quot; ?????!!!!! Even the Young brothers know this is one of their worst album ever !!! Skip this album.
B000002LJA|4.0|I've owned this CD since its release, and I have to admit I enjoy it less each time I listen to it.  It's got something for everyone -- rap, jazz, RnB, jazz-rock, soul, funk -- but I cannot help feeling that it's less an album and more a 50-minute catalogue.  All the younger artists, particularly the vocalists, are performing their hearts out, because they know Quincy Jones's track record with the likes of Michael Jackson.  This is their main chance to be the next Jackson.<br />But sadly it looks as though it was not to be.  Though very strong on production values, it was clear that some of the magic had gone from the Jones/Temperton duo, particularly on the compositional side.  Neither of the two covers on this album -- 'Birdland' and 'I'll be Good to You' -- is as good as the original.  This was a team that had filled all of Michael Jackson's THRILLER with fantastic, original songs; it now seemed to be struggling to pull together a few decent melodies.<br />There is much that is good on this album: the chorus on 'Back on the Block' really swings, the Bobby McFerrin body sounds on 'Wee B. Doin It' were striking at the time, and 'The Places You Find Love' was a kind of Live Aid choir revisited.  'Septembro' is probably the stand-out track, but 'Tomorrow' comes a close second.<br />It is extraordinary to see so many jazz legends perform on this album, but doing such short stints -- particularly Ella, Sarah, and Miles.  Zawinul acquits himself well, not on his own 'Birdland' but on 'Back on the Block'.  Hancock and Benson provide workmanlike contributions.<br />This 1989 album effectively signed off the 80s, with its chunky bass lines and electronic slam drum sounds.  It had been a decade that started so brilliantly for Quincy with THRILLER and THE DUDE.
0789723107|5.0|As a web designer with a usability department at my disposal, I didn't find too much of this to be new information, but the clear, entertaining way it was presented was a great way to confirm and organize my own thoughts.  This is a great book for Project Managers and Marketing/Business types who don't have a clue - buy one for your favorite PM or CEO today!  This makes the case for usability that you've always wanted to impress on them!
6305128952|4.0|The Horse Whisperer<br />Score: 83/100<br />Adapted from Nick Evan's stunning novel, The Horse Whisperer is an endearing and surprising look into country life and healing horses. It opens with a truly haunting scene, and just continues to get better and better. By the end of the movie, you'll be trying with a lot of effort to catch your breath...this is one heck of a film, really it is, so don't miss out.<br />It is a cold winter day. Grace (Scarlett Johansson) and her best friend Judith (Kate Bosworth) go for a ride with their horses, but a terrible accident changes her life forever. A truck hits them; Judith and her horse are killed, while Grace and her horse Pilgrim are seriously injured, both physically and mentally. In an attempt to bring Pilgrim back from his now savage condition, Grace's mother Annie (Kristin Scott Thomas) takes them to Montana in search for Tom Booker (Robert Redford). Tom is a &quot;horse Whisperer&quot;, a cowboy with the ability to &quot;communicate&quot; with horses. In the land of the Wild West Annie will change the way she sees life forever, as the wise cowboy slowly heals the souls of Pilgrim and Grace... <br />It's not perfect, and the running time is, as with all Robert Redford's films, over-long, but the 2-and-a-half-hour's buzz by, it seems like your only sitting in your seat for a half an hour. Still, 2.5 hours is just pushing the limit. But, as I said, that doesn't effect us, Robert Redford's direction is hard not to praise, he brings Nick Evan's great novel stunningly to life, the film has a largely plausible cinematographer, and the whole movie looks like a crystal clear dream. Also commendable are the amazing performances, the British Kristin Scott Thomas is on fire as Annie, she has a fiery chemistry with Robert Redford (also directing). However, the main acting star is surprisingly teen actor Scarlett Johansson, who brings the emotionally scarred Grace truthfully to life, her performance is truly moving, she plays a character, not an actor, and that is an extremely hard thing for an actress her age to do.<br />The Horse Whisperer not only demands repeated viewings, it commands to be praised, and it is. Very highly.
6305078491|4.0|Another release from the same folks who produced &quot;Nosferatu&quot; (Film Preservation Assosiates/Blackhawk Films). Excellent print transfer to DVD (and VHS)! I have seen several versions of VAMPYR and this DVD (and VHS version) are by far the best available. Much of VAMPYRS' &quot;poor production&quot; IS intentional, so consider this fact when reading other comments regarding print quality. This is about as good as it's gonna get! BUT I'd like to know who in the F.P.A. is responsible for allowing the atrocious subtitles (same is true for NOSFERATU)????!!! They should be taken out and covered in flour or fully exposed to the sun on a hot summer day! The gothic fonts are not easy to read and Dryer is Danish NOT German! The original (and very cool) opening titles have been replaced with a psuedo aged effect that is not necessary and in some scenes, the subtitles are really huge and also not necessary. What were they thinking??? Obviously, not much! Hey guys, leave the cutesy stuff for another day and just give up the facts! So for you, dear reader: if you can forgive them for annoying subtitles, then this version is well worth the investment!
1558908498|4.0|Scream 2<br />Score: 80/100<br />Scream 2 didn't live up to the standards of its predecessor, unfortunately. But, hey, with a classical progenitor like Scream itself, you can't really expect a sequel to over-come a movie, which scored 98/100. We could see the sequel coming after Scream's ending, but what we didn't know is that it would be this good. Some sequels just go down like a sinking ship, but this one in particular keeps itself afloat excellently.<br />Two years after the terrifying events that occurred in Woodsboro, Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell) is now attending Windsor College in Cincinnati with long time friend Randy Meeks (Jamie Kennedy). Meanwhile, Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox) best selling book on Sidney's life has now been made into a major motion picture. When two college students are killed in a theatre while watching the new film &quot;Stab,&quot; Sidney knows deep down that history is for sure repeating itself again. Gale Weathers is present around the college reporting on the latest gruesome details that her movie has sparked. Dewey (David Arquette) comes to visit Sidney after he hears the news also. No one believes the murders were in any way connected to Woodsboro, until more students around the campus are found dead. Gale and Dewey investigate and find that someone is trying to recreate Woodsboro. Sidney is no rookie when it comes to surviving a killer but someone wiser is on campus to show her some good old fashion revenge.<br />Scream 2 is one hell of a sequel, it's able to mix comedy, mystery, horror and plenty of thrills just as the first one did, and even though, as I said before, it isn't up to the same standards as Scream, it still has the same level of intrigue in the plotline, and the gruesome killings will leave you speechless with shock. There's an even more star-studded cast in the sequel than in the first film, Neve Campbell, Jamie Kennedy (who is given a lot more to do this time in a memorable role as film geek Randy), CourteneyCox and David Arquette return, but much of the talent comes from actors like Jerry O'Connell and Liev Schreiber, Connell plays Sidney's new love interest swiftly and with style, and Schreiber is fantastic as main suspect Cotton Weary, who has got himself out of jail after been wrongly accused of murdering Sidney's mother.<br />Lots of chills and hardly any spills, Scream 2 is an awesome and continuously watchable sequel, highly recommended to people like me, who absolutely loved the first film. You'll feel the same way about it's sequel, guaranteed.
B00005ASOC|4.0|This movie was entertaining, but I would not say it is anything incredible.  Before I saw this movie, I had the expectations that it was going to be the best film of the year, because of the hype surrounding it.  It was a let down by those standards, but most people will not be disappointed if they rent this movie.  The only problem I had with the movie, was that it seemed Anna Paquin's role was kinda of a time filler and really had no point.  Other than that this movie was an above average flick.<br />B
6304711875|5.0|Scream<br />Score: 98/100<br />Not since Alfred Hitchock's 1960 masterpiece Psycho has a horror tale been so thrilling and refreshing as Scream, a psychological thriller with all the right ingredients. The only way for this movie is to go up in time, and since 1996, Scream has already become one of the most memorable, amazing films ever put to screen.<br />For Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell), being a teen in a `90's life is hard. Her mum was brutally murdered when she was an early teen, and her father is continuously away on business trips, never really sparing much time for his daughter. Add to that, she has a spooky boyfriend Billy (Skeet Ulrich) with an overload of hormones, and you have a young woman on the verge of collapse. But, it's not until Sidney's mothers story is brought back to life by yet another series of murders in her hometown Woodsboro that Sidney's life really starts to fall to pieces. As each of her friends are picked off by the ghost-masked serial killer, Sidney is rammed in the head with emotional and mental impact.<br />In one moment or another, the characters in Scream seem to point the finger at themselves and it becomes part-obvious part-guessable who the person behind the sharp end of the knife is. Either way, the movie is still endlessly fun to watch, one that I have seen at least a dozen times. When you watch it, your head spins, and you lose your mind with all the frightening hoo-hah going on. Wes Craven controls the film like a master, and Kevin Williamson's script brilliantly spoofs off our old favourite horror movies, while at the same time being it's own movie, with all new original ideas. The performers are great, Neve Campbell brings Sidney stunningly to life, she plays the best heroin ever put to cinema. Also on the hot-hand is Oscar-worthy Rose McGowan in a sarcastically amazing portrayal of Sid's best friend, Tatum who is slowly slipping away from her long-time mate. Matthew Lillard is excellently uncontrolled, David Arquette is silly and amusing and Courteney Cox plays tabloid pest Gale Weathers with eagerness and greatness.<br />Scream is an ingenious piece of cinema, not to be missed by anyone who has a major or occasional interest in film.is silly and amusing and Courteney Cox plays tabloid pest Gale Weathers with eagerness and greatness.<br />Scream is an ingenious piece of cinema, not to be missed by anyone who has a major or occasional interest in film.
0515123447|4.0|A very enjoyable experience. While the story started a bit slow, it constantly wound tighter and tighter. The last two hundred pages were absolutely non- stop reading. The main character was very believable and interesting. This is definitely worth reading.
B000006TRV|5.0|damn it, just buy this. now.
B00003CXMG|4.0|This film is a must for anyone who loves music, I mean really loves music, people with 400, 500+ CDs in their collection, people who follow the emergence of new artists and bands, who know who the rock journalists are even if not always agreeing with their opinions. However, other people will also find this film fascinating for its depiction of close family bonds and teenage crushes, and sticking to one's ideals. There are many scenes that remain in my head - William Miller's older sister saying &quot;One day you will be cool...&quot;, the conversations with Lester Bangs (wonderfully portrayed by Phillip Seymour Hoffman), William Miller's mother attending his graduation (the one he misses) and the turbulent airplane scene. This film hits all the right notes. Don't miss it!
B000056N8X|1.0|If you are a fan of the first movie, don't bother with this one. This is not just full of plot holes, it has plot craters. The WWII orphan Conner raises, is killed in this movie, when in the first movie we last see her as he says goodbye to her as he goes to the last fight before winning the prize. His place is destroyed, and the biggest crater of all is Conner is killed. Hold on there, he was the last one, he won the prize. The plot problems are so big the movie becomes annoying, and the total disregard for the stories that have gone before borders on insulting. This was a hack job of milking more money out of a beaten franchise.
0792844890|4.0|Ok its not mel brooks best films (Blazing Saddles , The Producers and Young Frankenstein) are far better, but I give 4 stars for a great film (entertaining, and better visual effects than the original star trek/wars) and for Bill Pullman wearing the indiana jones jacket !
6303589162|5.0|Brian de Palma is at his best in this film. We can of course push aside the funny elements, such as the claustrophobic vampire. That is only funny, and yet it is essential in the film, because this claustrophobia explains at least two elements in the crime story. Far more interesting is the voyeurism of the main character. This voyeurism is the key of the film. He is trapped into witnessing the killing of a woman by her own husband he thinks is an Indian and a thief, by the husband himself who lends him his apartment to keep for a little while but he ensnares him in the apartment with the possibility to watch a neighbor doing strip-tease acts. And this is the serious business in the film. The crime itself is nothing. But the voyeurism is really enticing and thrilling, intellectually. First the police does not do their job because the main witness, supported though by two other witnesses, is a voyeur, so they don't trust him, even if they don't push charges against his voyeurism. Voyeurism is a crime in the US and it perverts police work and makes a witness untrustable. But what is the meaning of voyeurism in our societies ? It is the power of the eye, it is the extension of the eye. It is an essential element in man's understanding and grasping of the world. The first way for man to situate himself in the world is through his vision. So, what a man can see is fundamental for his self-positioning in the world. There is no escape here. And it is the source of a tremendous pleasure, the pleasure of belonging in a real situation. The second dimension is that voyeurism deals with what people do not hide to the outside world. In other words voyeurism is the result of exhibitionism. If people did not show what they do show, people would not try to see it. Voyeurism is more the result of exhibitionism than anything else. But we are in a film and the cinema is supposed to show things that we would normally not see. The cinema, another extension of the eye, is basically exhibitionistic. It has to show private events for itself to be in anyway effective. So Brian de Palma is speaking of his art. If voyeurism is a sex-offense, then all cinema-goers are sex-offenders and should be put behind bars. And all cinemas should be closed. And all televisions should be destroyed. In other words, society does not follow the human track that has brought humanity from blind animality, and it would have meant death and extinction, to seeing things, interpreting things, analyzing things, building theories about things. Teaching has been using the eye for centuries. In the days when we could not read, in the Middle Ages, teaching was done in churches through visual aids, such as pictures, frescos, paintings, tapestries, sculptures that all gave the faithful the possibility to see and understand the teachings of the church, the teachings of the Book. And the film shows how the voyeuristic witness is in fact perfectly human, because he tries to go beyond what he saw and understand what he saw, which leads him to the truth, to the criminal. This film is so well done at this level of the eye, that every single scene is built in a way that our eye is fascinated, titillated and led into pure pleasure, the pleasure of suspense as well as the pleasure of truth. We are turned into voyeurs in order for the film to work as a crime story. We could analyze every single camera shot to show how the camera, which is another extension of the eye, is turned into an extension of our very personal and own eyes. We see through the camera and it moves the way we would move if we were in the situation. The main character is then our bodydouble, the one through which we project ourselves into the picture. In other words there is no distance at all between us and the situation. We are in the situation and we see with our own eyes what the main character is supposed to see with his eyes. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.itionistic. It has to show private events for itself to be in anyway effective. So Brian de Palma is speaking of his art. If voyeurism is a sex-offense, then all cinema-goers are sex-offenders and should be put behind bars. And all cinemas should be closed. And all televisions should be destroyed. In other words, society does not follow the human track that has brought humanity from blind animality, and it would have meant death and extinction, to seeing things, interpreting things, analyzing things, building theories about things. Teaching has been using the eye for centuries. In the days when we could not read, in the Middle Ages, teaching was done in churches through visual aids, such as pictures, frescos, paintings, tapestries, sculptures that all gave the faithful the possibility to see and understand the teachings of the church, the teachings of the Book. And the film shows how the voyeuristic witness is in fact perfectly human, because he tries to go beyond what he saw and understand what he saw, which leads him to the truth, to the criminal. This film is so well done at this level of the eye, that every single scene is built in a way that our eye is fascinated, titillated and led into pure pleasure, the pleasure of suspense as well as the pleasure of truth. We are turned into voyeurs in order for the film to work as a crime story. We could analyze every single camera shot to show how the camera, which is another extension of the eye, is turned into an extension of our very personal and own eyes. We see through the camera and it moves the way we would move if we were in the situation. The main character is then our bodydouble, the one through which we project ourselves into the picture. In other words there is no distance at all between us and the situation. We are in the situation and we see with our own eyes what the main character is supposed to see with his eyes. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.
B000059R8Y|5.0|Bow down before the master !  Eric Clapton is a genius and is capable of producing many kinds of music, melodies and ambiences, mostly based around his blues roots. This album serves to re-enforce this genius and its as simple as that.  Turn down the lights, turn up the sound system and relax.  Let your heart and mind drift and perhaps... and just perhaps... you will appreciate the true gift this great musician has shared with us for many years and, hopefully, many years to come.
B000056K04|5.0|arrrrgghhh, i can't believe how much this album is getting ragged on.  i have been a DMB fan for many years now, and this album is one of the most unique and powerful music i have ever heard from them or any other band. People have come to expect a certain type of music from DMB...a happy lil' acoustic riff, throw in some jam and solo's. the fact that this album is different from their other studio albums does not make it bad.  first of all, the lyrics rock and are undoubtedly Dave.  i agree that Steve Lillywhite is a much better producer than Glen Ballard, but no producer can hold back DMB's raw talent.  second, dave's baritone guitar rocks...its different than acoustic, but it's still very good, the riffs are awesome. and third, this album breaks the mold for DMB, the awesome talent of each band member conforms to a solid melody in this CD.  The music is restrained but unharnessed.  When BTCS came out, everyone ragged on it and it turned out to be one of my favorite CDs of all time.  U think that Dave couldn't just throw in some crowd pleasers? he very easily could, but that is exactly the kind of sellout that people say Everyday is.  DMB had many crowd pleasers lined up for this album....'diggin a ditch', 'grey street', but they scratched it all for this album to evolve and experiment with a different type of music, and it is crazy hype.  Track 2, 'when the world ends'has the best endin ever...it'll blow ur mind. 'The space between' is another number one hit...just wait. All the songs are not bad at all, i don't understand what all the fuss is about.
0440219078|3.0|I read the book The giver within 2 days and one night - It was easy to read although it was ibn a foreign language(english) for me .  I liked the thought of a 'perfekt' community. Alos I liked the impression that this community had to be interrupet by someone because people wanted to have their own choices. It showed me once more how we depent on the past and how things can chagne by our own exoeriences. I didn't like the though. It was so left open I evcen was thinking about writing an own en just to satisfy my thought how it possibly COULD end - <br />The book by lois Lowry is somehow confusing as things just go along for the first - 8 - chapters - and thoughout the whol book everything is written in such detail form that you really have to stick to the book. Otherwise I would have been drifted away so quickly.
0805209999|5.0|This book takes you on a journey through a surrealistic dream.  Instantly you are reminded of Dali, Kahlo, and other great art works that show you the objects you recognize and seem to understand, but then you find yourself enthralled trying to decipher the meaning of them.  You are pulled into the vortex of the unknown and yet dangerously tempted to sort it out for yourself until you realize that the beauty lies in NOT understanding and rather in self reflection.
B000056V73|5.0|Anything that Cameron Crowe has ever made is worth watching. He has this knack for writing real, down-to-earth screenplays about real people (think Say Anything and Jerry Maguire), choosing newcomers who are extremely talented and have down-to-earth, unjaded-about-Hollywood portrayals (think Sean Penn, John Cusack, Matt Dillon), and for choosing perfect, non-mainstream soundtrack songs (think the Almost Famous soundtrack) His movies, like Almost Famous, demystify the glamourous Hollywood screenplays. We viewers can identify with these emotions as real and as close to our own lives minus the pompous images and other fake realities of movies. We are brought to the raw level of emotions that struggling rock stars cope with, the rejection felt by the band-aids, William's own personal struggle of finding out who he is , what's he's capable of as an aspiring 15 year old rock journalist, and his personal struggle to fit in to a crowd not of his own. Who didn't have a mother who constantly embarassed you by reminding you not to do drugs, rock and roll, (played brilliantly by Frances McDormand) People may dismiss the movie for lack of acting breadth and depth, but fresh new talents, much like innocent children, act out what is real and true. Crowe's Oscar for best original screenplay is long, long overdue and well-deserved!
B0000509C3|4.0|Don't be discouraged by bad reviews of this movie adapted from an original story by Stephen King in NightShift.In fact, grab some popcorn and watch this wonderful gem of a movie.Children of the Corn will grab you from the beginning with an easy going sense of small town story. I was easily caught up in the two adult characters and their journey into this Nebraska town.Small surprises, funny lines, and interesting (yet oddly strange) villains create a memorable movie. It's not a movie to analyze, just a fun horror flick without much gratuitous nudity or language--refreshing these days.
B000058TDY|3.0|I have been hesitant to review this CD because I am by no means a Cat Stevens' catalog expert.<br />I haven't listened to the great majority of Cat's stuff, but &quot;Randy&quot; was a wonderful, wonderful addition to adult contemporary radio when I was a kid.  <br />I wanted to turn it up every time I heard it, and I still turn it up. <br />I bought this CD just for &quot;Randy.&quot;<br />Several musical styles are explored, and all are done with skill, but why hasn't someone else reviewed this?<br />&quot;Randy&quot; can be described only as &quot;simply gorgeous,&quot; though.  You have to hear it, again and again and again.
B000059PR5|5.0|This is absolutely worth seeing, and is fairly successful in conveying the appropriate hopelessness. I've posted a lot of reviews on Amazon.com, usually writing them to convey an emotional response to some work of fiction. \\"The Day After\\" shows an event so totally overwhelming that an emotional response is completely inappropriate.  To deal with this kind of threat, only tough-minded, rational thought, with as much forethought as possible, is appropriate.<br />People who... well, I won't say \\"enjoy,\\" but rather \\"value\\" this movie, might want to read \\"Lucifer's Hammer,\\" a novel by Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle about the end of the world by means of a cometary impact, (which is also guaranteed to happen sooner or later). The other thing I want to say -- this movie involves a timeline that ends a few weeks, I believe, after the nuclear war. People need to understand that in the real world, there will be no happy ending, no and then they all went home and lived happily ever after.\\" The only way to prepare for this is to have the largest bomb shelter possible, a long way from urban centers and military bases, and have it stocked with enough supplies (hopefully self-renewing supplies) to last for years. My only other real problem with this movie is that it underestimates the severity of a real nuclear war so much that it isn't even funny.  How about the nuclear winter scenario?  It's completely glossed over.  In reality, the whole cast of characters would probably be killed off.<br />A good response to this movie is not to cathartically discuss the emotional impact it had on you as a human being. A really good response is to realize that this is not science fiction in any sense, and it almost definitely will happen during the lifetime of people alive today.  Let me give a good piece of advice to anyone reading this -- learn about hydroponics. Do searches on any search engine for the word \\"hydroponics.\\" Hydroponics is a way of growing food, nutritious food, in an indoorenvironment. All you need is a few containers to grow the plants in, some water, and room to store nutrients. If this ever really happens, you might be the luckiest ones left alive. If you really understand hydroponics, you would have a renewable food source in your bomb shelter, while almost everyone else starves to death waiting for the fallen government to help... Also -- hang out in hardware stores. Learn how things work. Go to websites about radiation sickness.  Also look for websites about the phrase \\"nuclear winter.\\"  The nuclear winter theory has been vigorously debated since it came out, but not completely refuted.  Make friends with an oncologist (cancer doctor.) This movie portrays something that, in my opinion, really will happen someday.  You can prepare for it or not, it's up to you.
B000001FMX|5.0|No band in the 1970s (and damn near any era) captured both the solipsism and the oddly believable clash of angst and braggadoccio that marked the urban teen castaway with deadlier empathy and chutzpah than did the New York Dolls. Their dime-store crossdressing version of the Rolling Stones's appearance (with cracked lead guitarist Johnny Thunders playing the existentially dissembling Keith Richards to singer David Johansen's up-yours Mick Jagger) threw the fey pretentiousness of the early-70s glitter movement right back into the movement's face; and their music, which was the sum of some very dissonant and amateurish parts, actually bore more than overtones of vintage R and B, even if bassist Arthur Kane was about the sorriest excuse for a rock bassist of his breed.<br />It hardly mattered. If any band this side of the MC5 personified inspired amateurishness, the Dolls were they, even if they lacked the MC5's political self-consciousness. The first Dolls album was overendowed with it, enough so that the next two generations of punks would have to admit to its influence. &quot;Personality Crisis,&quot; &quot;Looking For A Kiss,&quot; and &quot;Trash&quot; would prove irrevocable punk classics, but the rest of the album (with the possible exception of the clumsy &quot;Private World&quot;) was only too memorable if you had the guts to ride it out - particularly the absurdist tour-de-farce, &quot;Frankenstein,&quot; and the surprisingly panoramic &quot;Subway Train&quot;. There remain those who question Todd Rundgren's just-short-of-a-wall-of-sound production, but nothing is really lost in the translation, and the Dolls' signatures - Johansen's more-enthusiasm-than-depth voice (he would soon enough find himself in possession of one of the great lost white soul voices, when he eventually began a sublime if underappreciated post-Dolls solo career), Thunders's angry-hornet guitar distortion, Jerry Nolan's tom-tom-overweight drumming style, Sylvain Sylvain's almost punctuation-mark rhythm guitar - slash through with deadly aplomb.<br />The surprising thing of it all is, their first album actually holds up as something beyond a period piece. Not even their least discriminating fans would have guessed it, but almost thirty years after it was unleashed, &quot;New York Dolls&quot; still sounds both fresh and daring. Maybe because one thing we'll never lose is groups of kids from any side of life plugging in, cranking up, and looking to catch that rock and roll lightning, in all its glory and danger, no matter what they had in the way of even raw talent. Few bands of any time exemplify that adolescent fantasy - in all its romance and prospective self-immolation - with the shooting-star panache of the New York Dolls.
0767849493|5.0|This is one of the BEST movies I have ever seen! I can't think of one bad thing about it. I mean, it is jam-packed with brilliant actors and actresses, especially Matt Damon (he's so cute in this!). The script is hilarious...and there are so many memorable lines, it's just crazy! This is one of my favorites though: Damon: &quot;Mass genocide is the most exhausting activity one can engage in...next to soccer.&quot; Now tell me that's not genious! LOL
B00003CXN4|4.0|WELL THIS MOVIE WAS RELLY AMAZING, GREAT ACTING, GREAT STORIES,WELL EVERYTHING IN THE MOVIE WAS GREAT, BUT I HAVE SOME MINOR COMPLAINS: WELL FIRST OF ALL WHY YOU POLICE GRINGRA, PUT US MEXICANS AS WE DON'T DO NOTHING, WELL YOU ALSO DON'T DO, THANKS A LOT, BUSH!, NOW SECOND, THEY SHOULD HAVE SHOWN MORE OF JUAREZ AND EL PASO, HERE IN JUAREZ, WE HAVE MORE PROBLEMS WITH DRUG TRAFFIC, THAN IN TIJUANA, ALSO THE STORY OF ARMANDO CARRILLO, WELL IT WAS QUITE REAL AND GREAT, BUT IF THEY HAVEN'T EXAGERATED ALOT, I WOULD BE GIVING THIS MOVIE A 10, BUT IT'S GREAT VERY GOOD MOVIE.
B00003CWTI|5.0|I'm going to keep this review short and sweet. This is one the greatest movies ever made. Period. If you have yet to see it, see it.
0156528207|5.0|THE LITTLE PRINCE is a wonderful little book that is often classified as &quot;children's literature&quot;. Do not let this label fool you. In our modern society we have this strange urge to label everything, to put things in their proper place. There is nothing wrong with this, but often we miss out on some amazing things because they are stamped with a label we don't like: &quot;That's a foreign movie, isn't it?; I wouldn't like that painting because I've never heard of the artist; I don't like that type of music; Isn't that a kid's book?&quot;.<br />THE LITTLE PRINCE is a book that many may overlook because it is considered children's literature. Though it is true that many children love reading or listening to this book, most children will not be able to fully grasp all the elements of the tale. That can only come with the experience of life that most children are fortunate enough not to know.<br />At face value the book is simply the story of a pilot who has crashed in the desert and the little blond headed boy he meets there. The pilot learns that the boy is actually a prince from a tiny planet many miles away. However, the story is much more than this. Intertwined with the tale are both existential and Platonic dialogues. A Christian allegory is found as well, not to mention the social commentary on the innocence of childhood. There are many other levels that the book can be read at and there are many other issues the story discusses, but all with the eloquence and simplicity of a childlike wonder. This is a book that can be read again and again throughout life; it is a tale for all ages.
0872860175|5.0|Ginsberg is one of the top ten poets who have ever lived.  A true visionary like Blake.  *Howl and Other Poems* is his best work--his equivalent of the *Songs of Innocence and Experience*  More than just a poet, of course, he is also a mystic and prophet.  He sees the truth behind the surface.  The beauty behind the pain of America's idealistic outcasts of his generation as they go &quot;mad&quot; from having seen to much and hoped for too much and pushed things too far.  The ugliness and desparation that hide behind the nice orderly facade of everyday life.  Ginsberg's poetry can express the most absolute dispair (the &quot;Moloch&quot; section of &quot;Howl&quot; still feels like a close brush with death even though I've read it hundreds of times), but he can also express such amzaing spiritual joy.  In this regard he is more like the Sufi poets than anything Western.  This sense of the divine within all things and all experience.  The &quot;Holy! Holy! Holy!&quot; litany in the footnote to &quot;Howl&quot; ; the love song to Love itself in &quot;Song.&quot;  This little collection expresses more in less than 100 pages than is imaginable unless you have experienced it first hand.
B000001ESF|5.0|2112 was an important album for Rush, because it combined with breadth of scope that they'd previously flirted with combined with tighter songcraft. Up to this point, it was their best album. It was also their breakthrough record (well, comparatively speaking), and showed that lots of people would like a twenty minute epic if it was done so well.<br />2112 is NOT a concept album (a lot of people mistakenly label it as such), but the big title track is the heroic story about one man who fights for individualism in a collective world. Ostensibly inspired by Ayn Rand's novella &quot;Anthem,&quot; it uses a frightening sci-fi setting to tackle the good old debate of the individual vs. the collective. For the first time, the band writes an epic that seems about half as long as it really is, with inflections of driving riffery, soft acoustic moments, and virtuoso proficiency throughout. Reams of ear-catching riffs drench the &quot;Overture,&quot; and the song progresses through its seven movements of rocking euphoria. This SOB is one of my favorite songs ever, and it's the one that really got me turned onto the band.<br />The rest of the album is good (I love &quot;Something For Nothing&quot;), but &quot;2112&quot; is what this disc is all about. A must own rock album.
B000000XB9|5.0|This CD is a great gathering of most of their greatest songs. Although it is missing &quot;Midnight Special&quot;, &quot;Keep on Chooglin'&quot;, and &quot;Born on the Bayou&quot;, it leaves you satisfied with &quot;Proud Mary&quot;, &quot;Fortunate Son&quot;, &quot;I heard it through the Grapevine&quot;, &quot;Who'll Stop the Rain&quot;, and&quot;Have you ever seen the Rain&quot;.<br />Although I'm 16, I really appreciate CCR's music. And you may be suprised at the amount of students in my school who know and like/love CCR.<br />It's rare that a band can hold the intrest of so many people and generations for so long. And if you ever study Rock and Roll, your going to see &quot;Creedence Clearwater Revial&quot; show up many times along with the &quot;Rolling Stones&quot; and &quot;Jimi Hendrix&quot;<br />Walkman2527
B00004XOWM|1.0|Honestly, i bought this cd because it was limp bizkit.  i bought it the day it came out, and i expected it to be sell-out, rap, trash.  And that's what it is.  Fred sucks.  He used to be cool as hell back in the days of 3 Dollar Bill Ya'll, but this cd just sucks.  What ever happened to the scream rock Limp Bizkit used to do?  I guess it got smoked with Method Man and Wu Tang.  The only good song on this cd is &quot;Full Nelson&quot; but it's a blatant rip off of their own, better song, &quot;Stuck&quot;.  I feel sorry for every person who was so in denial when they listened to this cd and tried to pretend they liked it.
0441172717|5.0|This book was awesome! It kept me compelled from the moment I started reading it. At first I was not inspired to read this book at all. I saw the movie with Sting which was really boring and not moving at all. Therefore it colored my pereception of the book. HOWEVER, this book is tremendous. It has compelling characters, a great story line and the world created is rich, alive and believable. I was hooked until the end. At then I ran out to get &quot;Dune Messiah&quot;
0070511136|2.0|My 6 year old clearly writes his thoughts better than the author does.  That is not so say that the book does not offer any truths about the &quot;big sale&quot; but he could have easily written it in about 20 pages.  The scripted conversations are ridiculously simple and in the &quot;what not to do&quot; scenarios the sales rep making suggestions would have lost their jobs in 1988 when the book was originally written (I love the references to the &quot;big eight&quot;, that's what re-releases are for) or can be found today on some used car lot in the California desert. <br />This book reads like a consultant wrote it, a lot of words and wasted time determining what you already knew.  If you're a sales manager looking for a book for your staff I would not recommend this one for anyone with more than a years experience if they made quota.  If you have a rookie or someone making the transition from small commodity sales to larger ones then MAYBE at best.<br />P.S. no book deserves 1 star
B000059TPN|4.0|There is only one reason to get this new version of the rock,  the dts soundtrack, which is awesome because so much of this movie is sound. So if you don't have a dts surround system you might as well keep your old copy of the Rock. All of the other feature are just plain boring, especially for such an exciting movie. The commentary is really bad. All of the voice-overs are recorded separately. Sometimes they'll get cut off before finishing the point they were trying to make. You'll also wonder if they are even watching the movie sometimes. The Jerry Bruckheimer &quot;interview&quot; is also pretty dull. It's just him talking to a microphone about his film career. Also the outtakes can't make up for the lack of deleted scenes.  So the movie has to stand up on its own, which it does. If your surround sound system can play dts then this is definitly worth getting, its what dts surround sound was made for.
0140177396|5.0|Of Mice and Men is a real interesting and triumphant book.  The first few pages were really boring and I was on the verge of quiting the book, but after a chapter it started to get really interesting and exciting.  This book really paints a picture in your head of loniness.  I feel sorry for the fact that everybody can't experience the drama and effort that John Steinbeck had put in this wonderful/compelling book.  This is one great book that everybody should experience!!
0393316041|5.0|This book was recommended to me by a family friend.  I enjoyed every word of this book!  Feynman's witty and well-told stories thats really happened vary from extremely interesting to knee-slappingly funny.  An abosolute MUST!
B00003CXC7|5.0|I was prepared to dote on this DVD since Rear Window is my favorite Hitchcock film, but it was even better than I had anticipated. The film has been restored (by the same marvelous team who restored Vertigo), and it looks wonderful. The images are sharp, the color glorious.<br /><br />Also included on the DVD: &#34;'Rear Window' Ethics&#34;, a documentary about the film's restoration (complete with interviews with crew, cast members (such as Miss Torso) and Pat Hitchcock O'Connell, Alfred's daughter); an interview with screenwriter John Michael Hayes; production photographs and notes; trailers. There is also supposedly access to the original script, but I have not yet been able to access this running the DVD on a Mac.<br /><br />Options include running the film in French and the availability of Spanish or English subtitles.  Widescreen format.<br /><br />One thing I am missing: I believe there is a version of the film with closing credits seen as the blinds in Jeffries' apartment lower, mirroring their being raised during the opening credits, but this ending doesn't seem to be here.<br /><br />You cannot go wrong with this exciting DVD edition of one of the greatest films of all time.
B000056NX5|4.0|I have mixed feelings about this new production of JCS as opposed to the 70's film. First off, let me say that the 70's film was a LOT more emotional and seemed to have more. . . heart? Although it seems downright tacky at times, the inner emotion ALWAYS burst through. This new JSC, while VERY good, seems to lack that last umph for whatever reason. However, the updated music sounds superb, are there are wonderful singers or actors (sometimes both) in this version. The new costumes are welcomed voer hippie garb, and the high priests are like members of some mofia religeous cult with was an EXCELLENT move IMO. But this new versions sorely lacks the wide open, on-location FEEL that the 70's version had. You simply can't beat the 70's cinematography. I'll go into character detail now. JESUS: Although Glenn Carter is ok, I MUCH prefer Ted Neely (I guess his singing really DID grow on me!). Ted just SEEMED more like Jesus to me in song and character. I never made that connection with Carter. JUDAS: Carl Anderson was simply timeless in all aspects. He IS Judas. But, Jerome Padron did a FANTASTIC acting job as Judas, though in a few versus of some songs his voice left me with something to be desired. But he DEFINATELY has the look and feel of Judas down pat. MARY: Yvonne Elliman will always own this part in my book. Just the whole characterization was in the book from the start. PERFECT. However, on a flip flop of Judas, I thought Rene castle's singing was better as opposed to acting (plus she's VERY easy on the eyes). PILATE: Barry Dennen is STILL my favorite Pilate. The Pilate in this new JCS while very operatic and imposing, just didn't FEEL like Pilate to me. However, he was very good in parts. CIAPHAS: These two are actually neck and neck! The new Cai is FANTASTIC with a great voice, great acting, and he looks positively powerful. A joy. ANNAS: An improvement over the 70's. He was downright freaky and unsettling in the new version. Just how I always pictured him. Finally, Tony Vincent was FANTABULOUS as Simon. He NAILED that part just as he did Judas on Broadway.
6300214710|2.0|This came at the tail end of a long string of John Hughes teenager movies in the 1980s. You could not be an American teenager in the 80s without seeing these films. Pretty in Pink, though, was not the best of them. In fact the stars of the film were growing a little long in the tooth and this story was a little far fetched to be believable. Molly Ringwald plays a poor girl who lives on the \\"wrong side of the tracks\\". Her hobby is to design clothes and make them herself. Needless to say this makes her a bit of an outcast although she has her own sense of style. Her best friends are a dorky guy named Duckie (Jon Cryer) and a thrift shop owner (Annie Potts). By most standards, Ringwald's old car, her retro clothes and her overall \\"way\\" would be considered cool, but at her school she is an unknown freak. One day, however, magically, a very rich and very popular Blain (Andrew McCarthy) notices her and starts to pursue her. Naturally his friends make fun of him (particularly a very slimy James Spader) but he tries to ignore them. Eventually though he starts thinking of his reputation more than of her. She is heartbroken, but by the end of the film, at the prom, they hook back up again. And the rest is history. Of all the John Hughes pictures, this is the one you should not bother with unless you happen to want a marathon. There is almost nothing funny or poignant or even nostalgic about this film. Stick with 16 Candles and the Breakfast Club. (The Psychedelic Furs' song &quot;Pretty in Pink&quot;, used inappropriately here, is featured, and is probably the best thing about this movie).
0800141628|5.0|I have never seen the DVD version of this movie, but I saw it on TV and taped it. It is a great movie; all the actors are superb! I just finished reading the book The Body, it is amazing! It gives alot of detail! I am the same age as the characters and although I am a girl, I can relate to all of them. No matter how old I get, I will always love the movie and the book!
6304618344|1.0|I accompanied some frenzied, drunk software people on a bus to Whistler, BC, Canada one fine afternoon, and as if their loud, intoxicated musings were not enough, the organiser of the trip decided we all should watch movies since she was so kind and organised to have brought them. She also took the trouble (this was her first week of work as the group's administrative assistant) to make Rice Krispie treats. Most people were thrilled, cheering about what a nice admin she is. I whispered to my friend (he is the one who has to work with these software people everyday, not me), \\"It's her first week. She is still kissing a**. Of course she made Rice Krispie treats. We'll see how long that lasts.\\" Whatever the case, we had to, just like being back in elementary school again, vote on which videos to watch. We ended up watching Face Off, and oh how I could have done without it. Nicolas Cage is possibly the only compelling thing about the film and even his villain was not very convincing. He seemed more slimy than evil. The whole premise of people surgically switching faces is ridiculous, although I thought it was a nice turn of events when John Travolta's character ended up stuck in prison as Cage's villain after Cage came out of his coma, found himself faceless, and forced the surgeons to attach Travolta's face to his. It is all rather... inane. For an action film it was all right. But Travolta, as usual, overacts. Really not my style. But maybe it is yours. If you like lots of shooting, fighting, explosions, implausible storylines, well, this just might be your bag.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is one of those albums that requires absolutely no thought whatsoever. It is a work of pure genius by a bunch of improvising musicians at the height of their powers. This is probably the album that has turned more people onto jazz than any other. Never a bad thing...<br /> I'm listening to it as I write this (as I have done every few days ever since I first bought it 20 years ago) and every note sounds as perfect now as it did then. Except that the remastering has done wonders for the sound quality, so it actually sounds a lot better than it did then. The instruments all have real definition now.<br />As for the performances -  Miles was never better on both muted and open horn - the muted horn on &quot;Blue in  Green'&quot; and &quot;Flamenco Sketches&quot; is particularly beautiful. His open horn playing on &quot;So what&quot; and &quot;Freddie Freeloader&quot; is stunning in its openness and clarity of expression. Coltrane's solos are simply awesome. I also own much of his recorded output, and this ranks with the absolute best of it. He takes amazing risks - really hangs it all out - and yet every note is perfect. The inventiveness combined with the technical mastery is mind-blowing. Adderley is funky and equally inventive. This album caused me to seek out much more of his material. His solos are masterpieces of conciseness and melodic invention. He, as with the others, can be heard really thinking on his feet, and never putting a foot wrong. Evans is the still point around which this universe revolves. His solos are stunning. Great economy and expressiveness rolled into one. The rhythm section swings effortlessly, driving the point home in the best way possible.<br />All in all, a piece of heaven. The more I hear it, the more I like it - still - after 20 years.<br />Buy it. You will NEVER EVER regret it. It may change the way you listen forever, as it has with me.
630439845X|4.0|I could not understand the hype about this film when I first saw it. It somehow just did not make sense, and I really don't know what I was expecting. A few years passed, I traveled to New Zealand and even visited Karekare beach where many scenes from the film were made. I read the script and then watched the film again and was stricken by so many things about it that I had not appreciated the first time. Holly Hunter won an Oscar for her performance, and although I am sure her role as the mute woman was challenging (and she was very expressive), I did not find her role the most interesting. More interesting were the roles of the excellent Sam Neill and Harvey Keitel. Of course without Hunter's role the supporting roles would not have been as meaty or convincing. But I have to say that Keitel's role as a subtle but firm near-native who falls in love with Hunter's character is clever and sometimes heartbreaking. He goes to outstanding lengths to spend time with Hunter, and eventually he gets what he wants. And eventually they do indeed fall in love, but his frustration along the way is clearly felt. The severe, stern, and controlling behaviour of Sam Neill's character is equally felt. He wants so much to make a family and home together with Hunter's character, but he cannot begin to bend or accommodate her in any way. He makes no effort to love, understand or get to know her really, which is why he ultimately and completely fails. Hunter can only find expression in music. Keitel encourages the music while Neill silences it. After Neill learns of her affair with Keitel he tries to keep her cooped up in the house. She gets her piano back, but she does not care anymore. She gives one of the piano keys to her young daughter (played by Anna Paquin, who won an Oscar for her role) to take to Keitel. Instead she takes them to Neill, feeling angry that Hunter is betraying not only Neill but also her, in a sense. Neill is so frustrated and angry he comes home and chops off some of Hunter's fingers. (The gorgeous soundtrack to the film has a song \\"I Clipped Your Wing\\" which alludes to this scene. There is no more perfect analogy to Neill's cutting off Hunter's fingers than to say he was clipping her wing). Eventually Hunter and Keitel leave New Zealand together, but Hunter tries to drown herself on their sailing away. She does not succeed. The story is both tragic and human, but it is also hopeful and imbued with enlightened performances from all the actors.
6302054982|5.0|I saw Goodfellas for the first time ever two days ago. I fell in love with it. This movie is probably one of the best movies I have ever seen, it depicts the gangster life as powerful, but also very disgusting and ugly. The entire cast worked well together and the acting was so great that I lost myself in this film (which is quite rare) There are some really great moments in this movie that shake you up, and also some moments that make you have a great laugh. I recommend this movie to anyone that loves quality movies that leave you in absolute awe from start to finish. Great, Great movie!
6304681496|2.0|Nicolas Cage is the good guy against a plane load of bad guys who are being taken to more maximum security facilities. Cage (as Cameron Poe) , if I recall correctly, was wrongly imprisoned and is going to be released. He has the misfortune of hitching a ride on this plane of very dangerous criminals who are hatching a plan to hijack the plane. John Malkovich is expertly diabolical here, and Steve Buscemi is always a welcome player. And Cage flexes his action hero muscles (who would ever have guessed he had them before The Rock?) Overall this is an entertaining and action-filled film full of memorable action-hero one-liners, a few surprises here and there, major explosions and a happy ending. You could not want more if this is your kind of film.
0792833236|5.0|I think I'd be safe to say that this movie is not about boxing and saying it's a movie about boxing is like saying &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; was a book about farming.  If you're looking for a movie about boxing, look a few movies down and rent &quot;Rocky&quot; instead.  <br />The movie is about a very flawed man, Jake LaMotta, who you will either love to hate or feel sympathetic towards (probably both).  He is a misogynist, he is constantly ruled by jealousy and suspicion, and incredibly violent and short-tempered.  We don't know if he is naturally like this or if he has taken one too many blows to the head (considering he refused to ever fall down in a match) but it doesn't matter.  You would be hard pressed to find at least one redeeming quality about him but you also have trouble thinking of him as a &quot;bad guy&quot;.  The only time boxing is in the movie is to show how he used it to excise &quot;inner demons&quot;.  <br />The highlight of Raging Bull, as many have said, is the performances.  Every role is perfect and very convincing, from Cathy Moriarty as Jake's low-key wife, Vickie to Joe Pesci's performance as his loud-mouthed, often hilarious brother, Joey.  <br />The movie does not entertain on a sporting level but is life-changing as a depiction of a man who has the facade of an animal but is very human deep down.. Rent it.
6305426651|5.0|Okay there are moments when this film is too fairy-tale like, and even when the circumstances are their worst, there are too many flukes and comic moments, but you will still fall in love with the story and probably feel incredibly emotional about the ending. Roberto Benigni won the best actor Oscar and best foreign film Oscar several years ago for this love story turned semi-tragic. Set during World War II, Benigni and his family are sent to a concentration camp. No need to probe the details of that. It is obvious what happens then. What is unique, though, is how Benigni manages to comfort his child and keep him from being scared by convincing him that the whole camp is a game. It can be a very warm and even hilarious film at times, but ultimately the end is not happy. You will feel enlightened, though, after seeing it. Despite its tragedy, it is quite uplifting.
0553208845|4.0|Siddhartha provides a great reading experience. Written as a short, intellectual story of a man searching for enlightment, this novel stirs up thoughts in every readers mind. Siddhartha leaves his Brahmin father's home to join an aesthetic life with monks who live in the forest. After hearing a sermon from a true Buddha, Siddhartha decides that he must search his awakening on his own. He goes into town where he meets a women who teaches him about money and love. When Siddhartha realizes that he has turned into a greedy man he retreats to the forest where he lives with a boat rower. He discovers that he has a son and he raises him after his mother dies. Then his son chooses to leave him for a more materialistic life in town. Siddhartha learns many lessons throughout the novel which we can all apply to our lives. Everone should definetly read this novel.
6300184269|3.0|A completely stupid and childish late 80s film about two DORKS who decide to use their computer to build the perfect woman and somehow they succeed. Kelly LeBrock is the perfect woman who comes to them as if by magic. Anthony Michael Hall and Ilan Mitchell Smith are the dorks. You may have seen Hall recently portraying Bill Gates in a tv movie about the development of the computer and software industry. Smith, though, has not been in anything... although I read somewhere that he is married with kids and either goes to college or is teaching in college? I cannot remember. The film is completely ridiculous, far fetched and crazy, but it is fun because you cannot take it seriously. Bill Paxton is hilarious as the militaristic, crude, and overzealous older brother, Chet.
B000056K04|5.0|It is absolutely amazing how someone can put so many different kinds of thoughts, feelings, and frustrations into something so beautiful and inspiring!  Each of these songs touch me so whole-heartedly.  Dave has the most gorgeous voice I have ever heard and I have never heard him sound so clear before!  There is someting very magical about this album.  Listen, and you will love!
630018403X|4.0|A classic 1980s teen film. It has moments that shine, showing the cruel nature of high school cliques and alienation. We have clear cut stereotyped characters here who are driven by excellent dialogue. The group is so diverse when they first arrive at their Saturday detention, and in fact, their reasons for having to be in Saturday school are what bring them together. This group of youths who would never otherwise talk to one another is forced to be together for eight hours, and to bring them together a little quicker, we have a self-satisfied, diabolical school principal. We also have the social outcast \\"criminal\\" John Bender (played by Judd Nelson) who has marijuana to bring the group together. Each person has a different social standing and a different attitude toward life, but they discover that they have a lot in common, including insecurities and uncertainties about their identities and their lives. Even if their solidarity lasted for that one afternoon, they might have cause to think twice before stereotyping again. This is the best of this genre film, and strangely most of the people starring in the film have done relatively little since this film. Ally Sheedy has starred in flops, Molly Ringwald retreated to France (although she has made a few films and had a failed attempt at a tv sitcom), Emilio Estevez does films sometimes which have a modest amount of success, Anthony Michael Hall shows up occasionally (as in Pirates of the Silicon Valley, in which he plays Bill Gates), and Judd Nelson has made a few films and starred on the sitcom Suddenly Susan for a few years before leaving to try to revive his film career.
B000056K04|5.0|Much of the criticism of this CD faults DMB for &quot;over-producing&quot; the tracks.  Admittedly, the tracks do have more of a studio sound to them, but this is only a flaw if it means that the songs cannot be reproduced on stage, and there is no evidence to suggest this is the case.  The debate about whether DMB has &quot;sold out&quot; to the studio gods distracts from a more interesting conversation about the quality of the work itself.  The lyrics are incredible, the music is tight, and when I listen to it, I hear a band that has grown and has tried to evolve, and they have earned the right to do this in whatever way appeals to them.  I suspect that for every &quot;old&quot; fan that is disappointed there is at least one new fan who will now find DMB accessible and interesting.  That leaves the rest of us in the middle, fans that liked them before and like them now, even if they &quot;sound&quot; a little different.  In art, difference usually means growth, not death.  Chill out and open your ears.
0783243499|3.0|Christian Bale as Patrick Bateman is vile and disgusting... just like he is supposed to be. In a tale based on a best-selling novel, this disturbing film showcases the excesses and disposability of American life in the 1980s. Bateman is a successful and financially well off New York corporate suit and tie who hangs around with other shallow and plastic carbon copies of himself. They compare business cards and become excited by the lettering and exact colours of the cards. It is quite stunning in its brutal shallowness. But when it comes to brutal, there is nothing quite so brutal as Bateman's disposable attitude toward people. About one quarter of the way into the movie, you realise that Bateman, while plastic and passionless in most ways, cannot get his aggressions and feelings out through any means of expression but violent and heinous murder. He murders prostitutes, strangers, co workers. You name it. The graphic depictions of these murders are unbelievable and caused controversy when the film was released. Strangely enough, though, all the violence and blood and gore makes it onto the screen but a sex scene between Bateman and two prostitutes was censored. The funny thing about this film is that while there are a few notable actors in it (Chloe Sevigny as Bateman's secretary, Reese Witherspoon as Bateman's fiance, Jared Leto as Bateman's office nemesis Paul Allen, and Samantha Mathis as Bateman's sometime sex partner) none of them is more than one dimensional, except maybe the secretary simply because she is not caught up in the plastic world which all these others occupy.  I suppose this is the point and all the actors have done their jobs well as a result. Is this a good movie worth your time? Not so sure. I went to see it at the cinema when it was first released, and I had to get up and leave halfway through because there were people all around me eating and making too much noise. The movie was good enough to sit through, but it was not gripping enough for me to regret getting up and leaving in the middle.
B00004TBWR|5.0|Willie &amp; The Poorboys is the best Creedence Clearwater Revival album and one of the best albums to be released in the 60's.  &quot;Down On The Corner&quot; is an upbeat, good time jam that opens up the album.  The song is about a street corner group, Willie &amp; The Poorboys, who play songs for nickels and it is another CCR classic.  The pure joy and happiness of the song and the covers of &quot;Cotton Fields&quot; and &quot;The Midnight Special&quot; belie the political charged atmosphere of the rest of the album.  John Fogerty hinted at the political climate of the times on &quot;Bad Moon Rising&quot;, but on the balance of Willie &amp; The Poorboys, he sings of the fear, outrage and anger the youth of America had towards the Vietnam War and President Nixon.  &quot;Fortunate Son&quot; is the most powerful of these songs and with its driving drumbeat and ringing guitars it is a damning condemnation of The Vietnam War.  Mr. Fogerty's voice is full of anger and he practically spits of the words on how the poor and underprivileged are dying for their country while the rich and privileged hide behind their father's money and deferments.  It is one of the quintessential songs of the 60's and one of ten best singles of all time.  &quot;It Came Out Of The Sky&quot; is a weird sci-fi type song that is about Nixon, &quot;Feelin' Blue&quot; is a shuffling number about the malaise of the youth at the time, &quot;Don't Look Now&quot; is about avoiding taking responsibility for the mistakes of the government while &quot;Effigy&quot; is a self-explanatory, blazing rocker that closes the album.  Willie And The Poorboys came just a few months after Green River and they elevated John Fogerty and the band to the top of the heap and helped them lay claim to the title of the greatest American rock band in history.
B00004WG4G|4.0|This was a stunning and spectacular film, visually, creatively and structurally. The story is poignant, beautifully told and acted, and somehow very close to home for many of the people who see it. Suburban family life looks very neat and happy but who knows what kinds of complex problems lie beneath the surface? This film shows us a glimpse of that bitter reality. Marriages fall apart, people change but change in different ways from each other, people alienate each other, parents beat their children, parents ignore their children, parents are humans with human desires, people have nervous breakdowns, people have affairs, people hate their jobs, kids lie about their personal lives to try to be cool, people build facades... it is a wicked and vicious game society as a whole plays, and this film brilliantly conveys all the plots, subplots and layers that occur everyday. The acting is stupendous. The accolades and praise this film received were more than well deserved.
0767817478|5.0|This was a great movie, I found it realistic in that Godzila looks more the role. You won't be sorry buying this. It had a lot of action thru out the movie, a few parts raised the hair on the back of your neck. The acting was pretty good.
0780626478|2.0|Christopher Walken, Sissy Spacek and Dave Foley save this film from being a complete bomb. The theme is a bit far fetched and contrived, but it has a few little twists and turns that might put a smile on your face. Brendan Fraser is the son (born and reared in a bomb shelter) of Walken and Spacek, and when there is an explosion outside their house, they think it is a nuclear accident and go to live in their underground bomb shelter. After 30 odd years, they run low on supplies and decide they need to venture out of the bomb shelter. Fraser is enlisted to do this even though he has never been in the outside world. His misadventures are somewhat funny, but it grows tiresome rather quickly. His interactions with Alicia Silverstone are also rather contrived and unbelievable. I like what I know of Silverstone and how she lives her real life (veganism, protecting animals) much more than I like her film roles. I could have done without this film, but I really love Dave Foley who eventually saves the day when he realizes that Fraser's character is telling the truth about having been underground since the 60s. Foley (of Kids in the Hall and News Radio fame) is always a riot.
B00003CX8I|5.0|X-Men was great, I loved it, even though it was a little short. It was loaded with special effects, and great actors and actresses.  Hugh Jackman rocked as Wolverine, he is a tremendous actor with lots of talent.  I hope to see him again soon.
B00003CXFU|4.0|Unfortunately for this film, the ads that came out to promote it told too much of the story and gave away a lot of its really outstanding humour. This film actually was great. Soderbergh's direction was excellent and perhaps unexpected. Julia Roberts turns in a powerhouse performance as Erin Brockovich who uses her quick wit, perseverance and aggression to fuel her drive not only to wheedle her way into a job for which she is not at once qualified but uses it even more convincingly when she investigates the case for which she is well known and around which this script is built. A compelling story of a regular person who uses what skills and assets she does have to discover a cover-up and to get compensation for those whose lives were adversely affected or altogether destroyed by the information covered up. The cast was great, and Roberts deserves accolades for this performance. It was great to see the chameleonic Aaron Eckhart here also as Brockovich's boyfriend.
6305609691|2.0|When I first saw Apocalypse Now, I found it intruiging, shocking, and utterly though provoking. I saw the British Widescreen VHS, which is framed at 2.00:1. I read that the original 70mm master was in the original ratio of 2.35:1 - which had been released on the Collectors Edition NTSC Laserdisc in THX. I eagerly awaited the DVD, hoping for at least a 2.35:1 THX specification... but when arriving, I was utterly dissapointed by the re-accurence of the 2.00:1 ratio, no THX certification, and meagre extras. I read some more, and found that the 2.00:1 ratio was 'director approved' and the THX certification was a minor squabble, so I decided to purchase on the basis that I'd waited so long. In terms of the picture and sound, I was rather pleased. The image seemed to have a film like quality to it, containing non of the annoying hues and colours on the VHS (down to the print used and not the videotape). The image, was smooth and soft. The sound was great too (although I couldn't appreciate the Dolby Digital, as I don't use 5.1 encoding equipment). As for the 'extras', the disc contained a trailer and 'Destruction of the Kurtz compound' (an alternate ending with optional commentary). If these extras appeared on a standard release Laserdisc, people would be pleased, as it would contain a median price, such as this DVD... So why do so many complain! This isn't a 'Special Edition' DVD, and its pricing isn't high enough to warrant a much higher studio output. Quite personally I wouldn't mind paying $30 - $50 more for a Special Edition THX release if the studios would make a pristine job of it! If only Criterion could own the rights to these movies! Grrr!
0930289331|4.0|This is the compelling story set in the time of a young Bruce Wayne and an old Gotham.  One of the things I love about it is the fact that it isn't really the story of Batman coming to Gotham. Given this element is covered thoroughly, but this is the story of the young Jimmy Gordon coming to Gotham.  The enemies aren't products of government testing, toxic waste, or birth defects, but policemen.  Incredible book.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This cd is great.  it is slow soothing music.  I hihly recomed this cd!
B000002UEB|5.0|Queensryche is a hard rock/metal band that concentrates on melody and arrangement without losing its powerful sound.  'Operation:mindcrime' is their masterpiece.  Musically, this concept album starts great and gets even better, showcasing the incredible vocal range of Geoff Tate, and the musicianship of each of the other members.<br />Highlights include &quot;Anarchy X&quot;, an instrumental where drummer Scott Rockenfield is turned loose, &quot;Suite Sister Mary&quot;, &quot;Breaking the Silence&quot; which has a powerful, driving beat (my personal favorite), &quot;I Don't Believe in Love&quot;, and &quot;Eyes of a Stranger&quot;.
B00003CWTH|4.0|It's not as smoothly told a story as &quot;Hard Eight&quot; and not as funny and poignant as &quot;Boogie Nights&quot;, and it's also just too damned long. But p.t.a. is a real talent as a director, no question. It's to his credit that he somehow keeps the viewer's interest in all the different plots and characters even when you're beginning to wonder when they will ever be threaded together. Yes, there are lots of concealed meanings and messages that no doubt require a second or third viewing to be fully appreciated. Ultimately, though, you don't need to understand all the biblical and other allusions to see that it's a movie about forgiveness, reaching a state of grace, and the role that chance plays in permitting these things. Some very powerful acting performances keep it going, but three hours and three million frogs are too much.
078324228X|5.0|Hell yes I was Inspired by this Movie! The First rating on this<br />pg was written as you can see by a racist. Who cares if the<br />fu**ing movie did not go staight by the book no movie does. It <br />must have been powerful and great for you to down grade it like<br />that. This is a Great Movie that brings to life the hate that<br />this man went through which is still infecting (SLIVEDS) like the<br />ignorant bad review of this movie.
B00004TLMC|4.0|The big theme of this movie is the ever-present tension in the human personality between desire and repression, and overall Kubrick portrays that tension pretty effectively. The early temptation scenes are convincing enough, and so is the reconciliation between the doctor and his wife at the end. The problem is the middle section, namely, all those cavorting naked bodies in masks and the &quot;warning&quot; to the doctor. This bit was, unintentionally no doubt, as ludicrous as when Vincent Price used to ham it up in the old days. At least we knew Price was doing it partly tongue in cheek. Even a more accomplished actor than Cruise would have had trouble carrying it off with dialogue of this abysmal quality.
B00003CXE7|4.0|Truely was an excellent film. The acting, the effects, the gore, it is just &quot;The&quot; film of the year and it deserved every oscar it got and more! If you haven't seen it, get ready and you don't know what you're missing. It wasn't better than Braveheart but I guess thats a biass opinion because I love Mel. But Crowe did an astonishing performance and I'm glad for him.
B00003CXMG|5.0|This movie is so good it hurts.  I can't stop thinking about it and the amazing characters it produced.  Maybe this movie isn't for everyone though, if you're not into the music scene of the late 60's early 70's or would rather be playin football than listenin to a zeppelin record, you may find this a movie a little bit slow.  as for me...it's perfect.  it's what i have been waiting a life time to see, the character of William Miller and i have a lot in common, from the same interests in music and the same bands, to a similar physical appeareance (or maybe it's just the hair).  anyway, the acting is flawless!  I swear i couldn't pick anyone better to play any of the characters.  Of course there is my favorite actor, Jason Lee, who was born to be a rock star, (not a mallrat!)  Patrick Fugit is just great for the character he plays, Billy Crudup is fantastic, and needless to say Kate Hudson is astonishing.  I dare any guy not to fall in love with her after the scene where she and Fugit 'discuss' their ages.  She's so alive throughout the whole movie, and is just...amazing. The &quot;Tiny Dancer&quot; scene is so good that it makes me cry.  Finally it seems somebody (Cameron Crowe) realizes the power of rock and roll and how it can mend anything, no matter how big or small.  I think Crowe and I would have been good friends if i had known him in highschool.   Of course, the soundtrack is fantastic, i bought it right away. In closing: For me, this is, and will always be, my favorite movie of all time, but maybe that's just because I can relate so much to it...I love it.
0790733226|1.0|I am a fan of Robert Zemeckis, however, I think he did not honor the memory of Carl Sagan when he made this movie.  Zemeckis' style is very centered around character relationships development.  I think that two of the greatest films that he has made certainly hit upon these points (Forrest Gump and Cast Away).  The film version seems to lose the great character development that the book emphasizes.  If you are going to buy this, make sure you read the book after you see the movie.  This isn't to say that I think you should see anything more than the first scene, of course.
068818071X|4.0|Rachel is a semi-normal Irish native 20-something living in NYC.  Marian Keyes gave her a drug and alcohol problem and then stuck her in a recovery treatment center in Ireland.  I learned so much from this fictional character as she learned the ropes in 'the program', cooking and cleaning and doing her part while examining the lives of her fellow addicts.  Rachel is in serious denial for the first portion of the book and thinks her problem is really everyone else's.  She finally comes to the realization that she truly does need help and her journey begins from there.  Enjoy!
B00000JKH2|4.0|This was my second ATDI disc (after ROC of course) and I could say how different these two are. Vaya gets off and funky beats and weird effects, whil ROC rocks hard. The first and last songs aren't very good, but the ones in between really shine. The titles are really complicated so I'll just do it by track number. 2-This is a great, rockin song which easily blends into number three. It has a great beat, and the &quot;countdown&quot; parts are really rockin. 3-This is the second best ATDI song (right after Sleep Walk Capsules) and the beat is so good. I dont know how to explain it, but the music easily outshines the lyrics, it sounds so weird and rocks so much. 4-A good one, if nothing outstanding about it. 5-A little slow, but very good. 6-the second best track on here, it gets really weird in the middle when Cedric starts talking nonsense. (at least I think it is-anyone know what he's saying?) This 20 minute EP is a great, if not particularly outstanding album from ATDI, and while there maybe a few rough parts, for the most part the effects and cool beats make this disc at least more musically enjoyable than ROC.
6300216802|3.0|I saw ST-TMP when it was first released in December of 1979.  I had eagerly awaited the movie's release because I have been a fan of Star Trek since the original series.  The movie, as I have come to find out, was released in a hurry and was not finished as it should have been.  Now, I am eagerly awaiting the release of the new DVD &quot;completed&quot; version, and I'm hoping that it will be better than the original.  Most people I have discussed the original with say that it is just an updated version of the &quot;Nomad&quot; episode of the original series.  Indeed, there are many similarities evident, both in the book and the movie.  BUT...  I've seen the movie many times and still enjoy it every time.  I guess you have to be a true Star Trek fan to understand it.
B00003CXE7|3.0|The inspiration behind yet another another review of this movie is not that it took Best Picture at the awards tonight, but that it was nominated for the award of &quot;Best Original Screenplay&quot;, which is supposed to mean that it is not based on anything else, be it book, tv show, or previous movie.  But it is.  The subject matter and the entire beginning, plus the final fight between Maximus and Commodus are taken directly from the 1964 epic &quot;Fall of the Roman Empire&quot;.  So I have to wonder how much background in movies the members of the nominating committee actually have.    The original actually has a monstrously better finale, without the hero (Livius, not Maximus) dying, but walking away from the arena with Lucilla (the same name there) as the senators bid for the army's support in selecting the next dictator of Rome.  This point on government corruption needed to be repeated for a new generation, but wasn't, settling for a candy-coated version with the hero rejoining his family in Roman heaven, and the unstated idea that the young son of Lucilla will return Rome to the people (which didn't happen) and to former glory and greatness (all of which disappeared when the Roman Republic became the Empire).      It is true that we now have far superior special effects to those in the sixties, but the battle-scenes and panoramas in Gladiator tend to look phony and computer-generated.  Another bit in poor taste was the helmet/mask worn by Maximus in the arena, which more resembles an alloy wheel than anything from the classic era (just when did the Romans invent aluminum--did the emperor's palace come with galvanized siding?) I was disappointed in the perfomance of the leading man:  Crowe plays Maximus as a carbon copy of his role in LA Confidential, and the two men are vastly different, both in values and motivations.  They should be acted differently.  Commodus is portrayed adequately corrupt, and Aurelius well-done in a too-brief role.    The second disc of the DVD version proves that most of the good scenes were left on the cutting room floor.  All of the cuts advance the sparse plot, give us character depth and motivation, and add to the intrigue and general atmosphere.  It's a good film, but not original, and could have been better.  Three stars.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Just one word... excellent
6303201954|4.0|It's difficult to fathom now, but until the release of STAR TREK II three years later, 1979's STAR TREK - THE MOTION PICTURE was considered the best STAR TREK movie ever.  While audiences were duly impressed by it's state-of-the-art special effects and majestic Jerry Goldsmith score, the film is primarily remembered now for introducing one of the series' most popular characters, the wylie Ensign Perez, into the STAR TREK lexicon.  Fans of the show eagerly responded to the gentle warmth and good humour of the Ensign, yet the merchandising potential of the character has  largely gone unexplored by the powers that be.  I can still remember the adrenalin rush seeing the film gave me in '79.  With a new director's cut coming on DVD, fans will have the chance to re-evaluate the picture's merits.  Personally, I love the film for it's thoughtful, compelling storyline and almost non-stop action.  The only way the picture could be improved upon would be to restore some of the &quot;lost&quot; Ensign Perez footage.  Rumour also has Goldsmith's closing credits music being replaced with Elton John's &quot;Rocket Man,&quot; to give the film much more of a &quot;feel good&quot; ending.  The new version should bring the film back in a BIG way.  If you've never seen STAR TREK - THE MOTION PICTURE, prepare to be rewarded &quot;beyond the dreams of avarice.&quot;  This is a special film that occupies a special place in the STAR TREK pantheon.  Many thanks to the finest crew in Starfleet, especially Kirk, Spock, McCoy, and Perez.
B00000JKH2|4.0|This was my second ATDI disc (after ROC of course) and I could say how different these two are. Vaya gets off and funky beats and weird effects, whil ROC rocks hard. The first and last songs aren't very good, but the ones in between really shine. The titles are really complicated so I'll just do it by track number. 2-This is a great, rockin song which easily blends into number three. It has a great beat, and the &quot;countdown&quot; parts are really rockin. 3-This is the second best ATDI song (right after Sleep Walk Capsules) and the beat is so good. I dont know how to explain it, but the music easily outshines the lyrics, it sounds so weird and rocks so much. 4-A good one, if nothing outstanding about it. 5-A little slow, but very good. 6-the second best track on here, it gets really weird in the middle when Cedric starts talking nonsense. (at least I think it is-anyone know what he's saying?) This 20 minute EP is a great, if not particularly outstanding album from ATDI, and while there maybe a few rough parts, for the most part the effects and cool beats make this disc at least more musically enjoyable than ROC.
B000003FD9|1.0|This cellist has a habit of placing abrupt breaks in the music at inopportune moments, creating little rhythmic hitches and compromising the overall flow of the performance.
0375501851|5.0|This book is an amazing achievement for a young writer. The plot weaves through multicultural and cross-generational landscapes that make up the urban environment today. Along the way the reader is given much to consider in terms of relative values. The novel is populated by characters that truly breathe and they include a wide range of types including Islamic fundamentalists,Jehova Witnesses, smug Englishmen,Russian soldiers,rebellious teens,hypocritical adults and a genetically engineered mouse. Each page is an adventure. The story moves from various settings in London to flashback sequences involving WWII, jamaica and Bengal. Yet somehow MS. Smith brings all of these elements together in a tale that entertains us while making us consider how our roots influence us in ways that are not always obvious. In addition the language is witty and at times extremely humorous.This book deserves to be very widely read. An astounding first novel. I would find it more incredible if she has anything left after pouring so much into this one.
6305342776|5.0|Far and away the most worthwhile science-fiction film of the 1970's, and perhaps the most rewarding sci-fi experience since 2001.
B00000JKH2|4.0|This was my second ATDI disc (after ROC of course) and I could say how different these two are. Vaya gets off and funky beats and weird effects, whil ROC rocks hard. The first and last songs aren't very good, but the ones in between really shine. The titles are really complicated so I'll just do it by track number. 2-This is a great, rockin song which easily blends into number three. It has a great beat, and the &quot;countdown&quot; parts are really rockin. 3-This is the second best ATDI song (right after Sleep Walk Capsules) and the beat is so good. I dont know how to explain it, but the music easily outshines the lyrics, it sounds so weird and rocks so much. 4-A good one, if nothing outstanding about it. 5-A little slow, but very good. 6-the second best track on here, it gets really weird in the middle when Cedric starts talking nonsense. (at least I think it is-anyone know what he's saying?) This 20 minute EP is a great, if not particularly outstanding album from ATDI, and while there maybe a few rough parts, for the most part the effects and cool beats make this disc at least more musically enjoyable than ROC.
0345350472|2.0|I think this book is flawed in its construction.  I'll give an example: after the main character  discovers a complete android infrastructure, a shadow social world, he does nothing about it. He has killed his target, and the existence of the shadow society no longer interests him.  This is absurd, the same as the fact that the androids had engaged humans to kill androids, and these humans had never heard of the real thing. The book presents interesting possible future problems on androids, but I don't like the way they are handled.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Well worth the money to buy. I thought it was wonderful and entertaining. This is an easy choice compared to the usual movie fair, and is a move I can reccomend to parents and childern alike. <br />It would be somewhat scary for a younger child, but the overall message of the movie is a positive one.
B00003CXRP|4.0|Tom Hanks defenintly deserves at least a Oscar nomination for this.  My friends said this was a good movie, and that I had to see it, so I did.  I had also heard that this movie was boring, but I decided to check it out.  Yes, I'll admit it is boring at some parts.  What do you expect, for most of the movie Chuck Noland (Tom Hanks) is stuck talking to a volleyball.  The music and the emotion you feel makes up for that.  I also felt that this movie was too long.  I mean, it was good and all, but it could've easily been shorter.<br />Chuck Noland, the busy FedEx employee was flying to asia on a buisness trip (on Christmas eve). He had promised his fiancee (Helen Hunt) that he'd be home on New Years. Well, he wouldn;t.  He never should've got out of the car as he said later in the movie.  The plane crashes (a totally intense scene) and he happens to be the only survivor.  At first he is trying to get help, but after a while he gives up on help and concentrates on surviving.  Which is what the movie is mainly about.  Using the few FedEx packages that wash up on the shore, Noland survives for 4 years before deciding he didn't want to die on the island.  If you've seen the extended trailor, you know what happens now, but if you haven't, I'm not going to tell.<br />If i could, I'd rate this 4 1/2 stars.
B000001FMX|4.0|Think of the B-52's mixed with the Rolling Stones and you have the Dolls. They only made two albums of material before they crashed and burned but it is great stuff. Crude, garage band style, histrionic vocals, very New York. The production on the song &quot;Frankenstein&quot; has to be the worst I ever heard. Nevertheless, get this album and the sequel!
B00004THAY|5.0|Some of my favorite Blues albums are those that I have bought directly from atrists playing in small clubs as they travel the country following their dreams.  This is not that kind of album.  It does not share the imperfections that are the trademark of many independent albums.  This is a well produced, well mastered and, of course, well performed CD.  And, quite frankly, I am happy to see that.  Some might say that the Blues looses some of its edge by being so well done; that it does not have that smoke filled blues club quality, but thats all right, because somtiimes you have to take the music to the next higher level.  What two better performers to do this.  Clapton has long payed homage to those blues musicians that have been his muse, who have paved his way for such a succesful Rock career.  He hasn't forgotten his roots.  King, who has done much to popularize the Blues, is no better partner for Clapton in this endeavor.  &quot;Riding with the King&quot; is great music.  It is an invitation to enjoy the music in those smokey clubs where so many great performers still play the Blues.
0875847706|5.0|I've made a lot of mistakes in my life (part of the human condition?), but now I know to just raise my arms and exclaim -'How fascinating!'<br />I had the privelege to see Mr Zander speak at last year's TechLearn2000 conference in Orlando.  (It became a family trip since the conference destination was Disney World, but my two boys got chicken pox one after the other - how fascinating? - fortunately we had managed a day at Disneyland before heading further east.)  This book restores my memoriies of Mr Zander's presentation and is very worthwhile.  But, if you get a chance to hear him, don't miss the opportunity. And jkeep your singing voice ready - it's not often you'll get a chance to sing under the conductor of the Boston Philharmonic, which you might well do!
B000000WG4|4.0|What do you do with a dozen themes that you do not know how to develop? Mike Oldfield decided to string them together into a long (25 minutes) suite of themes, fragments, progressions, and variations. It is an easy way out and could have led to dismal results except for the fact that Oldfield varies the instrumentation a good deal and the opening theme is interesting enough to draw the listener in. It doesn't go anywhere but just changes enough to remain interesting. The different fragments could have been spliced together in almost any order without making much of a difference as the piece never really develops - it just presents a music fragment, repeats it, and then moves to the next one without any unity among them. But it is enjoyable and worth repeated listening. The ending is a bass sequence with more and more instruments piled on gradually after being introduced by an announcer. This is enjoyable until it all builds up with nowhere to go and with nothing left to do but die out. Flawed, but fun to listen to late at night on headphones.
B000002N9L|3.0|This album sounds like some blues based band at &quot;Live At THe House OF BLues&quot;. The songs are guitar driven and pretty good if you like Lenny Kravitz. Nothing really out of the pocket here. Good but not great or overly creative. Most of Prince's music is blues based anyway.
B00004Z4WR|2.0|Cage is the only reason to see this movie.  I recently watched two Cage movies, Face/Off and this one.  Face/Off is the better of the two hands down.  Most Bruckheimer films look like gaudy dressed up movies with simple, linear plots with an ending you can predict about 30 minutes into the video and this is no exception.  this was a horrible movie.  Lets put it this way.  Face/Off=Evian, 60Secs=a Glass of distilled water.
1556154844|3.0|Most all the advice given is still relevant and very good. I especially appreciate how all sources are properly referenced and credited. <br />After reading though, you see the foundation for n-tier component based development was architected long before it was put into practice. Given the author's excellent ability to objectively balance features and requirements for Enterprise development; Had modern Visual Basic (modern being 32-bit VB versions 5 &amp; 6) it would have been the authors tool of choice. Sadly, we get a chart comparing QuicKBASIC to Turbo Pascal. With no references to modern languages popular in the Enterprise (such as VB and Java).<br />Still a good source, should be required reading any hobbyist or student looking to program professionally
B00003CXRM|5.0|I have seen this movie and I am not a person that laughs much.  I laughed through out the entire movie and have seen it the second time and am ordering the DVD where I can enjoy it at home when ever I want or need a good laugh.
0486281523|5.0|Marvelous book. I found it better than many books but my friends, who were not that conversant with intermediate mathematics did not like it much. Though this book doesn't require a knowledge of calculus, people who have this level might appreciate the book more. But it has more to do with mathematical 'thinking' rather than mathematics itself.<br />So get this one if you are good at mathematical thinking and want to challenge yourself. If you are weak in math and would rather read puzzles that require only logic, cleverness, and lateral thinking only, this may not be the one for you.
6305922748|1.0|'this is spinal tap' is the worst movie i've ever seen.  it made me want to stick a pencil in my eye.
B00003CX9W|5.0|Fantasia is still one of the most innovative and original animated motion pictures even sixty years later.  The marriage of top-notch animation and classical music was made in heaven.  The music that was chosen is still popular even today - and there are many people who cannot listen to musical numbers from the movie without visualizing the scenes that went along with the music.  Scenes include Bach's Toccata and Fugue in D Minor, the Nutcracker Suite, Sorceror's Apprentice, the wonderful &quot;Rite of Spring&quot;, Beethoven's &quot;Pastoral Symphony&quot; with it's Greek mythology theme, the Dance of the Hours, and the very imaginative &quot;Night on Bald Mountain&quot;.  In fact, since &quot;Fantasia&quot;, &quot;Night on Bald Mountain&quot; is rarely presented without &quot;Ave Maria&quot;.  One of Disney's triumphs.
B00003CXC7|5.0|I first saw Rear Window some 15 years ago on its first major Australian rerelease, and have never forgotten the impact of the first kiss between Grace Kelly and James Stewart.  Having seen the new restoration I was again overwhelmed by the incredible erotic charge that Hitchcock and his photographer brought to a simple closeup; it's one of those transcendant moments in cinema that defy explanation.  Rear Window has several such moments - of generally lesser intensity - and the restoration is a subtle complement.  I agree with an earlier reviewer about the slight artificiality of the skin tones, as well as what appears to be the irretrievable loss of richer green tones.  Watching this on big screen is now a distinctly more satisfying experience, but it still looks washed-out, and apart from the obvious anachronisms you are still well aware that it is an old movie.  In this respect the restoration of Vertigo is the greater success, although Rear Window is still a very fine movie.
6303314015|4.0|Disney's Lion King looked to me at first glance to be very similar to Bambi - the storyline is complimentary.  Look at the facts.  Simba's father dies in Lion King.  Bambi's mother dies in Bambi.  Bambi returns to take his father's place as ruler.  Simba does the same thing.  But on second glance, there is much more here than Bambi.  Bambi only has the motivation to return because of his girlfriend, Faline.  Simba, however, has Nala - and the revenge he eventually takes on Scar for killing his father.  Simba thus has a deeper, more well developed character than Bambi.  The music is very good and compliments the movie well.  Simba starts as wanting to be king, then is forced out of the role by Scar, then is placed back into it by Nala and Rafiki.  This gives him a much more complex character than Bambi.  Wanting to escape from reality might be fun for a while, but your responsibilities eventually catch up with you.
B00000055E|5.0|This CD is tight. If you like 2pac you'll like this. The best disc is disc1. The best songs on it are Open Fire, Hellrazor, Im Gettin Money, Thug Style, Do for love, and Only Fear of Death. The whole cd's off da hook so stop readin this and go buy it! Peace
6300274195|3.0|Dumbo, the fourth movie of the Disney Canon, is one of the Disney classics that everyone should watch and own.<br />The story is timeless. A baby elephant with unusually large ears is born in a circus. Everyone thinks his ears are funny, except the baby, Jumbo Jr, who is cruelly nicknamed \\"Dumbo\\", his mother, and a mouse. The mouse tries to make him popular, with very unfortunate results. The mouse and the baby elephant crawl away from that disaster and into another one - they get slightly intoxicated! But whatever Jumbo Jr dreamt turns into his triumph - it is thru his dream that he finds out he can use his ears to fly! He returns to the circus determined to use his newfound ability to show everyone that he can be a valuable member of the elephant herd. And, of course, he succeeds.<br />This movie takes you back to the days when circuses really did travel mostly by rail from town to town and created huge sensations when they arrived. The tenderness between Dumbo and his mother are priceless. The scenes of Mrs. Jumbo rioting in the circus when her baby seems threatened are fairly true to life. The unlikely friendship between Timothy and Dumbo teaches us to work together no matter who or what we are. One of the more interesting facts about this movie is that the main character, Dumbo, never speaks. He gets all of his emotions across with a look or a gesture. That makes his character stronger.<br />This tale teaches courage in the face of failure, loyalty in the face of adversity, and a triumph of a handicap over the troubles of life. In just 64 minutes, the shortest Disney feature length animated movie, the Disney animators give us a story that will stand up to any that has been made then or since.<br />The animation is simplistic, but fun. This movie had to be made on a shoestring budget due to the upcoming war. And the fact that the Disney studios had yet to get out of the red, despite the critical success of Snow White and Pinocchio made it even harder to get this movie to the theaters. Fantasia did not make money for the studio by itself until the 1969 re-release!<br />The colors are very vibrant and eye-catching. It looks a lot more like a cartoon, but with the famous Disney eye for detail. The \\"Pink Elephant\\" sequence will have you wondering what the Disney animators were thinking of - it is probably the most memorable animated sequence of all time, and also serves as a great anti-alcohol message. Watch this sequence carefully - it switches from almost surrealistic to realistic to three dimensional to almost psychedelic and back again in just a few minutes.<br />This movie should be on everyone's DVD shelf, even if you don't have children of your own. Great for grandkids and the whole family.movie to the theaters. Fantasia did not make money for the studio by itself until the 1969 re-release! <br />The colors are very vibrant and eye-catching. It looks a lot more like a cartoon, but with the famous Disney eye for detail. The \\"Pink Elephant\\" sequence will have you wondering what the Disney animators were thinking of - it is probably the most memorable animated sequence of all time, and also serves as a great anti-alcohol message. Watch this sequence carefully - it switches from almost surrealistic to realistic to three dimensional to almost psychedelic and back again in just a few minutes.<br />This movie should be on everyone's DVD shelf, even if you don't have children of your own. Great for grandkids and the whole family.
B000002GY9|5.0|I first heard this on vinyl in the late seventies, and was intrigued with the variations on voice, tones, etc.  As I listened and listened again and again, I heard the wonder, the pain, the sheer home-feeling T.W. gives as his story of New Orleans unfolds.  The old money homes, the hustlers, the pimps, the musicians, the drunks, the cons.  It's one of the most listen-able concept albums, stories, I just can't come up with the words. If you have ever listened to this once and weren't impressed, you MUST listen again, and actually read the liner notes and lyrics.  <br />&quot;...I'll meet you at the bottom of a bottle of bargain scotch.&quot; &quot;... I've got my own double-cross to bear!&quot;<br /> Even &quot;Portland (looks better) through a shot glass!&quot;<br />Get this album, listen to this album, get the CD, cause if you really understand it, you'll wear out the Vinyl!!!!
B00001QGIQ|5.0|Walt Disney said that he considered \\"Snow White\\" to be his masterpiece.  I hate to disagree with the master, but I think \\"Pinocchio\\" should have that honor.  The story of a puppet trying to become a boy has a meaning that will be obvious to adults - try to be good and you will succeed despite incredible odds - but it is not \\"preachy\\" and kids love it!<br />Carlos Collodi's story of the puppet that becomes a boy has =never= been translated to film better.  Everyone knows the story - a lonely puppeteer named Gepetto make a wish to have a son.  The Blue Fairy hears his wish, and decides to grant it in an unusual fashion - she brings his most recent creation to life, and gives the -puppet- a chance to prove himself in order to become a boy.  Pinocchio has many misadventures while learning life's lessons, but finally appears to give his \\"life\\" when saving his father from the monster whale, Monstro.  The Blue Fairy returns and says that the ultimate sacrifice has earned him the ultimate prize - he becomes a real live boy!<br />Honored by the Academy Awards for Best Song (\\"Wish Upon A Star\\") and Best Score, this movie deserves every award in the book.  There has never been more object lessons taught so easily.  Don't lie.  Be brave.  Stay on the path to your goal.  And not preachy, either.  Jiminy Cricket has one of the most popular Disney songs ever - \\"When You Wish Upon a Star\\".<br />Pinocchio's troubles are still valid today.  Pinocchio is tempted by fame and to \\"run away from your problems\\".  Pinocchio is tempted by evil - becoming a donkey because he acts like one is still one of the most impression making scenes in Disney's history.  Finally, his intelligence in triumphing over Monstro gives him the experience to prove himself worthy.  Every family should own this Disney masterpiece.<br />The THX restoration of the video and sound makes this a real viewing experience - just as clear and clean as it might have been in the theaters in 1940.<br />The only disappointment I had is with the \\"extra\\" material on the DVD.  Almost no extra material at all.  It just includes the original theatrical trailer, and a French language track.  Come on, Disney, give us more about Pinocchio!  After seeing what was possible with the recent release of the \\"Platinum\\" edition of \\"Snow White\\", I can only hope that they will eventually turn their energies towards this film as well.<br />Highly recommended for families, especially families with young children. The \\"Gold Edition\\" of this DVD is now officially on moratorium - maybe after that we'll see the version we want!nt I had is with the \\"extra\\" material on the DVD.  Almost no extra material at all.  It just includes the original theatrical trailer, and a French language track.  Come on, Disney, give us more about Pinocchio!  After seeing what was possible with the recent release of the \\"Platinum\\" edition of \\"Snow White\\", I can only hope that they will eventually turn their energies towards this film as well.<br />Highly recommended for families, especially families with young children. The \\"Gold Edition\\" of this DVD is now officially on moratorium - maybe after that we'll see the version we want!
B000002KO3|5.0|REMAIN IN LIGHT is just as exciting, fresh, original and cryptic as it was twenty years ago when I first put it on the turntable and heard the opening scream (or is it the sound of a man being punched?) that introduces &quot;Born Under Punches.&quot;  When I first heard the album, I listened all the way through, hypnotized.  The punk-influenced downtown NYC art band that had already released 3 increasingly weird albums had expanded their sound, doubled the size of their band, brought in African-American musicians including ex-Parliament people, doubled the length of their songs, fragmented their lyrics even further, brought Brian Eno (previously an omnipresent but ethereal member of the band) to the forefront where he became -- so to speak -- the Fifth Beatle of TH, and produced a quirky, funny, insane, menacing, scary, exhilerating, joyous and happy cry of pain.  The music is polyrhythmic (something the press of the time had a field day with, getting all intellectual about a musical unit as a social family -- see what happenens when black folk get together to play?  The white writers get all anthropological on their butts), very percussion driven, multi-layered with an odd combination of instruments.  Many types of drum kits create a percussive highway on which ride the rubbery guitar of Adrian Belew, fresh out of the Frank Zappa band, late of Bowie-tude, still unknown to the general public with King Crimson just one year in his future. He makes his guitar sound like a dying giraffe, a digital telephone being dialed and a rhinosaurous in heat.  Belew is the non-thinking man's David Byrne, a happy campster who was an unlikely choice of rock star.  Also present is Jon Hassel, the white Miles Davis, a pioneer of world music, Eno-collaborator, and I defy you to find him in the mix without reference to the liner notes.<br />The Heads toured with this album and I missed it, but it must have been spectacular, as the great-but-unavailable live album THE NAME OF THIS BAND IS TALKING HEADS can attest to.  Bootlegs reveal live versions of &quot;Born Under Punches&quot; and &quot;Houses In Motion&quot; that take the studio versions and bring them to new soaring heights.  The videos from this album, alas, do not feature the Heads in performance.  But &quot;Crosseyed and Painless&quot; has some early 80's break-dancing and &quot;Once In A Lifetime&quot; which I remember seeing premiered on Second City Television of all places, is what gave the public the famous image of David Byrne with English professor glasses writhing his body like a fundamentalist snake handler.  The song, and the image, last to this day where the &quot;This is not my beautiful wife!&quot; -- bit still has a strangle hold on the popular imagination.<br />The video, I believe, was shot in David Byrne's loft by Brian Eno which reminds me that this album was the beginning of the end for Talking Heads.  Byrne and Eno took a shine to each other, both downtown hip New Yorkers with lofts and a lot of creativity, they took part in experiments including &quot;My Life In The Bush Of Ghosts&quot; -- a masterpiece that explains a lot about Moby's &quot;Play&quot; -- and &quot;The Catherine Wheel&quot; where &quot;Bush of Ghosts&quot; outtakes abound.  Together this hip artist duo managed to alienate the other Heads, making them feel less like artists than the Monkees back-up band.  Later, when the rhythm section joined Belew and ex-Parliament folk to record the Tom Tom Club albums, they showed they had plenty of funky, hip rock in them, but not the SoHo artist mystique of the Bryne-Eno creature.  The Talking Heads would subsequently get more popular than ever before, but they would lose their Joy Division-like mystery that reached its perfection in FEAR OF MUSIC.<br />And speaking of Joy Division, compare REMAIN IN LIGHTS closing dirge &quot;The Overload&quot; to the last song on JD's UNKNOWN PLEASURES, &quot;I Remember Nothing.&quot;  Uncanny, isn't it.<br />A great album to passdown to your great-grand kids.pass down to your great-grand kids.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Oscar nomminations don't come often for most rising stars.  Seldom do most stars continue excellent careers after there Oscar success.  This film has Oscar on it for best Screen Play and a nomminations for actresses Kate Hudson and Frances McDormand.    The film follows the journey of an ambitious and budding teen boy who was given the assignment to write an article . . . for Rolling Stones.  He was to write about his journey in following a band.  Though the movie is centered around this boy, you see more of Kate Hudson and Frances McDormand.  Kate stars as the young and smart charater named Penny Layne.  The character is a band groupie, or as Penny Layne perfers, &quot;Band-Aid.&quot;  Fances plays the boys mother who is worried about and knows of the way off following a band.  The characters bring most attention to themselves because you can laugh, cry and feel every emotion.  The characters they portray is shown in one light yet give a glimpse into what the &quot;real&quot; charater is about.      Not often do we find that the male Actor in a film is not the one who stands out but the women who support him.  The women in the film actually paved the way for it's success only because they allow you to see what these rock stars and boy would be like with or without them.      Though Oscars where given last night, and Kate Hudson and Frances McDormand lost Best Actress in a Supporting Role to Marcia Gay Harden (She portrays the role of Ed Pollock's wife in &quot;Pollock&quot;), they both have a career gain.  McDormand who is no stranger to Oscar after winning Best Actress for her charater in Fargo really did not need this award, it simply added anpother notch to the belt.  Kate Hudson, who everyone thought was a sure in for the Oscar, did not need this award niether.  The nomination was perfect for the role she did.  Now we can see her work up the ladder to winning Best Actress in a Motion Picture.  She is only starting and has a lifetime of career ahead of her.    Though one win of three Oscars the film was nominatted for, Almost Famous is my pic of the week.   P.S.  It is better that Kate or Frances did not win.  There is a       jinkes to Best Supporting.  Most women who win the award never have career success status again (Mira Sorvino {Mighty Aphroditie}, Marissa Tomay {My Cousin Vinnie}, Patty Duke{Miracle Worker})
B00001QEE8|5.0|What a terrific movie!  I had forgotten how wonderful this movie was until we purchased it for our daughters.  The music is stunning, and the voices are perfectly fit for the characters they serve.  Especially noteworthy is Louis Prima as &quot;King Louie&quot;.  The score is beautiful as well, using much haunting alto flute playing.  A masterpiece that deserves a place on everyone's video shelf!
0393038912|5.0|Guns, Germs, and Steel is a most informative, engaging book! Jared Diamond takes the reader on a whirlwind tour through the past 13,000 years of world history, masterfully combining such diverse disciplines as anthropology, archaeology, epidemiology, infectious disease, and plant biology.  Figures and charts throughout the book are immensely useful, and you will find yourself referring back to them often.  Dr. Diamond presents a solid theory of how native plant and animal resources, not native intelligence, translated into the ability of certain civilizations to gain social, economic, and political advantage over others. Your understanding of the world will change after reading this book.
B00001U0DP|5.0|I don't care to be long-winded in this review.  Suffice it to say that a movie surrounding the events of the German atrocities of World War II that can make you feel good has got to have something going for it!  I will never feel about a movie, the way I feel when I watch this movie!
B000006ED1|5.0|Blind Guardian has created a masterpiece. It is a powerful and emotional CD. Definitely worth the money. The CD is based on Tolkien's Silmarillion, one of the greatest books of all time.
B00000721J|5.0|When I listened this album for the first time i got shocked. This is a perfect album, with classics like Maybe I'm Amazed or Junk, actually Beatles songs. If you lisen it you will see that McCartney did not need Lennon to write, so my advice is just Buy it
B00003CX8J|5.0|I have found that most movies made from comic series usually end up being great.  X-Men is no exception.  It is a wonderful start to the motion picture version of the stories.  The special effects are wonderful and the casting was great.  Patrick Stewart is perfect as Professor Xavier.  I was a little disappointed that two of my favorite X-Men didn't appear in the movie (Beast and Gambit), but I'm sure that they will show up in the sequels.  This a top notch comic movie that does a great job of creating a realistic vision of the comics that I have grown to love.  Other than Superman and Batman, this is my favorite movie derived from a comic.<br />This DVD is great too.  It has several interactive menus that help make this a very good purchase.  It has deleted scenes, Hugh Jackman's screentest, and several other options.  It is well worth the money if you are a fan of the X-Men.
B00003CXE6|5.0|&quot;Gladiator&quot; won the Academy Award for Best Picture.  I told everyone, but they said no, it was too tacky a picture.  This was a good old fashioned epic with plenty of action, spectacular special effects and a great actor at the core of the story.  They don't make them the way they used to--they make them better!
6304806418|4.0|It took long enough, but when the film version of EVITA finally made it to the big screen, it proved to be a worthy successor to the classic musical films of the 50's &amp; 60's.  Stylish, well-paced and intelligent, this films features 2 solid performances by Madonna in the title role, and Antonio Banderas as the commentator, Che.  Madonna plays the role on a more ambiguous level then the stage version, where her character's selfishness was obviously clear-cut.  Fortunately, it works to communicate why the people of Argentina loved this icon.  Madonna handles the role very well, making this her best film performance ever.  However, Antonio Banderas' Che is the movie's heart and soul.  Played more as a &quot;man on the street&quot; as opposed to being the revolutionary Che Guevera, Banderas connects with us in the audience while being swept up in the events within the film.  Jonathan Pryce is solid in the thankless role of Evita's husband, Juan Peron.  In an era where the musical film is  an all but forgotten genre, EVITA is a solid film that reminds us how wonderful they could be. Recommended, especially for fans of the musical theatre.
B000056K04|4.0|Bad or mixed reviews be damned.  I have never been a huge fan of this band but this album - along with its predecessor 'Before These Crowded Streets' has made me a convert.  There is true beauty to be had in several of these songs, most notably in &quot;The Space Between&quot;.  Dave's voice is an all-over-the-place growl that plaintively manages to attain real, raw emotion that leaves this listener anyway seriously moved.<br />Other tracks of note include &quot;I Did It&quot;, &quot;Dreams of Our Fathers&quot;, &quot;Where You Are&quot;, and &quot;Mother Father&quot;.<br />An album to be listened to again and again. (It gets better in repetition.)
B00003CXDG|5.0|I loved this sequel from the moment I first saw it on DVD! John Woo's touch gave this film a special human value that DePalma lacked in the first MI. Cruise and Newton's relationship shine throughout. The action is top notch and guaranteed to keep you on the edge! My favorite action clip is the motorcycle chase at the end. Not taking away from the others....its just my favorite! Highly recommended to the action-junky or Cruise fan!!!
6305171769|5.0|I think this was a great movie and Jamie Lee Curtis did such a good job of reviving Laurie Strode! But one thing bothers me...if michael was finished off at the end of H20...how can he reappear in the rumored Halloween 8? Maybe it wasn't him??
0767836286|4.0|I would imagine that this film doesn't appeal to the average American viewer, but see it! Jeff Bridges and Tim Robbins give first-rate performances in this great thriller which tells a story about a college professor who thinks that his neighbor is a terrorist. Bridges hasn't been this good since The Big Lebowski and Robbins is absolutely terrifying as the poker-faced Oliver Lang.<br />The opening scene - which is one the best I've seen recently - sets the tone for the things to come. The plot is good, although there are some weaknesses. For instance the course on terrorism, which Michael Faraday (Bridges) teaches, seems a bit trivial to be taught by a history professor. (Well, what do I know, I'm a student from Europe...) <br />Anyway, the film does remind me of films by the great Hitchcock (see North by Northwest or The Man Who Knew Too Much...), and the claustrophobic mood is great. <br />And last but not least, the ending kicks -well you know what. It's definately in the same league as Sixth Sense. At last a great ending in an American action movie!
B00003CWL6|5.0|Wow, I was totally blown away by this movie.  There is so much depth here, and so much meaning that every time I finish watching it I feel a bit more alive and focused on what is really important in life...  I feel sorry for the self-righteous people who rail against certain elements of it (pot, cheerleaders) and never really look close enough to see what's there.  I love this movie- for its darkness, its funniness, its inexorable momentum that builds and builds as its memorable characters struggle to break free from their bleak, false existences to try to find themselves in a conformist suburban society.  As things come apart you are faced with the question of which extreme is worse, living totally confined by social mores or throwing them all out and following one's (in some cases dark) nature.  But at the heart of it all is the search for meaning in life, and the movie offers you a wonderful, gentle, feather-light feeling that maybe just to be alive, and be able to see and appreciate all the beauty in the world is all the meaning you need.<br />Watch it with an open heart and open mind and you may find more than you expected...
B000059R8Y|3.0|This recent release of Eric Clapton is a big time improvement over the hip hop fused and drum machine laden Pilgrim release.  Eric does explore a few cachy pop music styles and does play afew captivating solos here and there.<br />However, there is not enough heavy guitar sounds.  Superman Inside is a rare moment of Eric letting loose and cranking some amp.  I can respect Eric for trying to broaden his musical styles.  And on such songs as Travelling Light, I Believe In Life, Sylvia And Son, and I Aint Going Stand For It Eric is quite successful.  However, Eric needs to incorporate a heavier rock n blues style into his future releases as that is what got him to the dance and that is what he does best.  This release just lacks fire and power after a while.
B00003CXE6|5.0|I completely dug this film from beginning to end,and every aspect of it,from the breathtaking cinamatography,the expertly staged battle sequences,and exqusite set-design,to the stellar performances of a top-notch cast,rang true.The film starts with a stunning battle and doesen't let up from the time Maximus says&quot;on my mark,unleash Hell&quot;. Do they ever.Russell Crowe is perfect in the lead role,as an expert warrior with a grieving soul and a deep sense of honor and loyalty.It's a true star-making turn,and he oozes rugged charisma from every pore.Equally impressive,but in the exact opposite way,is Juaquin Phoenix as the conniving,decadent,deeply evil Emperor.Also great support from Richard Harris and the late,great Oliver Reed.Director Ridley Scott uses his gift for composition and visual flair to great effect,giving each scene a painterly burnish and unforgettable depth,whether it's the after-life of Maximus' dreams,the bustling,grand sprawl of Rome,the rip-roaring battles of the Coluseum,or the sinister twinkle in the Emporer's eyes.At one point Maximus admonishes the bloodthirsty crowd:&quot;Is this not what you wanted? Are you not entertained?&quot; Indeed we are Russell,very much so.What a great film.
B00004W3MS|3.0|Sigur Ros have created a very listenable, very moving album here, but some of the blasphemously effusive praise  popping up here at Amazon and elsewhere is so overblown as to be deceptive.  First, it is indeed quite possible to compare Sigur Ros' sound to existing bands.  My reference would be Godspeed, You Black Emperor, while others have mentioned Slowdive and some of the acts from the 4AD label.  The ethereal landscape Sigur Ros creates comprises sweeping strings, droning guitar gurgling, and the odd synthesizer, along with the rather (ahem) distinctive vocals of Jonsi Birgisson, which could be described as either angelic and astral or &quot;Danke Schon&quot; Wayne Newton meets the Brothers Gibb, depending on the mood of the listener.  While the arrangements can be moving and sweeping, they lack resolution.  It's as if the droning notes and chords are a scaffold, but there just isn't enough music to fill in the gaps.  Hence, the results are hit-or-miss.  Once one gets past the romance of a band from Iceland creatic mystical and telluric music to match their unique geography, the actual material that remains is good, but not great.
0790731894|5.0|This film should be required viewing in every film school in the country as a pitch-perfect example of how to structure a thriller,and how to execute it.The plot is deceptively simple:terrorists hi-jack a plane,and it's up to a covert team of operatives to rescue it.It's from this skeletal foundation that director Stuart Baird constructs an almost overwhelmingly suspensful film with climax that rocks.What really works well is the pacing(not surprisingly,director Baird is a veteran editor),so deliberate and logical at first,with no wasted shots of gratuitous fist-fights or side-tracking,that leads to the slam-bang finale.I won't give any of it away if you haven't seen it,I'll just say that this is probably the best made of all the modern &quot;Die Hard&quot; type films,and greatly benefits from a top-notch cast,led by a perfectly believable Kurt Russell.His brilliantly naturalistic performance draws you into the story,and gives the whole enterprise a sense of genuine urgency;it feels like it's happening to someone you know.Buy this film.It's riveting the first time,and holds up to repeated viewings which allow you to marvel at the amazingly skillful way this was put together.
0399103422|5.0|A little over a month ago I read a book written by Pope John Paul II. I thought to myself when I finished, &quot;I couldn't possibly review the Pope. How do you critique the Pope? How could anyone critique the Pope? It would be sacreligious.&quot; The next book I read after the Pope's book was this one, &quot;The Godfather.&quot; Imagine going from the Pope to The Godfather?!? Talk about opposite sides of the spectrum. And yet, again, as I finished reading &quot;The Godfather,&quot; I thought to myself, &quot;How could I possibly review 'The Godfather'? Again, it feels almost sacreligious, but in a different way. How could one be so bold, given its enormous popularity that seems to go on forever?&quot; It is perplexing.  &quot;The Godfather&quot; is probably the most famous mob story ever written. Definitely it was this book...it was Mario Puzo who open the literary door to this fascinating and yet sometimes chilling world. All I can say is it is a fantastic story. The kind of book that you can't put down. But, one thing I was pleasantly surprised to realize as I got into the first few chapters was how thorough of a writter Puzo was. Everything is explained in great detail. You can't become confused about what is going on. Puzo makes that impossible. And if you think you won't understand all the references to Italian customs and living, don't worry. Puzo tells you what everything means, where everything originated from, and how it developed into what it was during the time period of &quot;The Godfather.&quot; A must read for everyone, but most especially an Italian!!!!
0812589041|4.0|Yes, I'm going to throw my two cents in too, and, in case you couldn't tell from all the 5 stars, yes, it is a good book.  It's well written, has good character development, is well thought out, well paced, and entertaining.  This book would have good 5 stars except (and here it comes) I had some issues with it.  First off, unbelievable.  I can take Ender being the military boy wonder, or Valentine the great writer, or Peter the great political mind, but to have all 3 in the same family and forever change humanity is a bit far reaching.  I think the military, having discarded Peter, would have killed him rather than let such evil genius run around loose.  Another problem was the ending of the war, is there anyone who didn't see that coming? (I'm trying not to give away the plot here).  And lastly, while the writing was good, it felt...hollow?  It was a very simple read.  Don't get me wrong here, I recommend this for reading, it IS a good book, but it isn't without it's faults.
0767824571|5.0|This movie is justplain hilarious. they make it just so funny. this is a great movie to have and doesn't get old. you can watch it over and over and never get tired of it. this is one of the funniest movies i've ever seen. i highly recommend it!!!
0788811355|5.0|This movie is definitely haunting but each time I have watched it I have come away with a good feeling because the movie is so beautiful. It always makes me appreciate the simple beauty in the world especially having to do with facets of love and loss.<br />Some say this movie is too long. They remind me of the critics that claimed Mozart's music had too many notes. Drop anything and the movie would lose its balance. The characters are complex and nothing is overdone. The scenery and cinematography is stunning. I agree with the other reviewers - if you don't like this movie, you just don't get it. It is a thoughtful movie that moves at the perfect pace to follow the story as you think about the situations in your mind. Ralph Fienes is perfect in his role as he faces the many Catch 22's about his work, the war, and his love.<br />Watch this movie on DVD on a big screen TV hooked up to stereo speakers and spend 2+ hours in another world and another time and be the better for it.
B000051VWW|5.0|Sade virtually disappeared for 10 years since her last album. Put out an album, then disappear for a while.  This is par for the course for Sade.  It's hard enough making it to the top as a musician and most that do only stay there for a short period of time, never to be heard from again.  To disappear and reappear 10 years later in the music industry is a rare ability only possessed by the talented.  Sade is talented and beatiful and her latest album is a breath of fresh air.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Some reviewers describe Almost Famous as a &quot;comedy&quot;. I don't understand why anyone would say this. AF has its laughs but this is NO COMEDY. Almost Famous is a masterfully written and acted film. It, in some strange way, reminded me of that old TV show &quot;The Wonder Years&quot;. An innocent kid growing up fast on the road with a 70's rock band. This film is full of life, emotion and great music from the 60's and 70's. <br />Kate Hudson has got to be the most amazing woman on the planet. Just one look in to this girls big blue eyes makes me melt every time I see her. WOW, what a beautifully talented soul Kate Hudson is. And newcomer Patrick Fuget is one heck of a actor in his own right. He is something special. Every actor in this film gets an A+ from me.<br />One of the best films I have seen in years. And a great DVD with lots of options. Get it now!!!
B000056K04|5.0|This cd, though not like the great predescors it had, is a fantastic one. Everyday comes out with the entirely different sounding I Did It. This is an ok song, but nothing like Ants Marching. But as one progresses into the album, they would find it comparable to Crash, or Under the Table and Dreaming. Great songs like The Space Between, So Right, and to top it all of Everyday, give the cd its definition. And though the band has taken on a different sound, I say to hardcore fans who question the cd, listen to it! You'll find it is almost just as good as I dare say These Crowded Streets.
B000003TA4|5.0|From the moment i picked up the album in my local record shop i have not been able to let go of it. Despite the actual bands' dislike towards the album (particularly 'smells like teen spirit') this is without doubt their best work.  Not only are the famous singles like 'smells like teen spirit' 'lithium' and 'come as you are' excellent but also some of the less well known songs. Songs such as 'Drain you' and 'on a plain' are just as good if not better.  A true rock great which desserves all the plaudits it can get.
068485015X|5.0|I have met many people in my life that choose to exist instead of actively participating in living. At times, these attitudes are contagious, and at other times, they make me angry at those that refuse to participate in life.<br />I have known many people that don't set goals, because of their fear of failure, and those that don't have hopes because of their hopelessness. This book can make you want to LIVE again. It gives you the courage to set and accomplish goals, have hopes and dreams, and actively participate in LIVING. Life can be an adventure, if we don't give up the battle.<br />Those that have suffered from the effects of addicted behavior, will find this book to be the shove that they need to start working on themselves. It is very enlightening, and requires a ton of soul searching, but the results are WORTH EVERY MINUTE of it.<br />I highly recommend this book to not just some, but to everyone!!! If everyone were to read this book, there is nothing that we together could not accomplish.
B000002OZY|4.0|Forget the deaf, dumb and blind kid. Forget the rock opera. Forget the film, book, stage show, T-shirt etc etc etc. And you've still got an album crammed with brilliant songs and performances. The production's a little on the weak side -- as Entwistle grumbled, the drums sound like someone hitting biscuit tins, and the bass is not much better -- but Kit Lambert's real genius as a producer was in squeezing the right songs out of Townshend. Tommy also has a kind of charm that none of the band's subsequent albums would have. Big bonus: The original double album now fits on a single CD. Personal high point: Underture, a 10 minute instrumental where Pete (on acoustic!), John and Keith turn a simple little theme inside and out.
B000059MEK|4.0|One More Time has been my favourite song for a long time, so when they released the album Discovery I had to buy it.  Discovery is full of great new tracks like the forthcoming track Aerodynamic , and other great songs like Night Vision, Voyager and High Life.  This album is different to Homework which I think is great as they have progressed like most groups should. Excellent album!!!!
B000002OX3|3.0|The Who's second album suffers from weak material. It's not just that each of the band contributed material: Roger and Keith's material is filler, pretty much, but Pete's 'Don't Look Away' and 'Run Run Run' are too. The cover of 'Heat Wave' by the Vandellas is a throwaway curiosity. Which leaves John's songs, both very strong -- the rumbling 'Boris The Spider' and the very funny 'Whiskey Man' -- and Pete's 'So Sad About Us', one of his strongest rock/ballads, and the hilarious 'A Quick One While He's Away' (a cross between the Odyssey and an Ealing comedy). It's all very dated now, and sounds like a band flailing about looking for direction. Luckily for the Who, the pop art brilliance of Sell Out and a certain deaf, dumb and blind boy lay just around the corner.
0783226063|3.0|Although the first 90 minutes are great,the last part of the movie is too short and confuse for the profane.Paul is accepted too fast by the fremen, we barely don't see what it's like to live in the deep desert and the guerilla fought against the sardaukars.Beside that it's too short it lacks of good sfx (some scenes look grotesk like the battle of arrakeen). Of course the cast,costums and settings are great. with 60 minutes and 20 million dollars more this movie would have been a great achievement.
B000002AGB|4.0|It's not Live At Leeds, but it's not far below it. This is The Who in white-hot energy mode: Moon battering his drums to death, Pete arm-swinging furiously, Roger crooning and screaming, and Entwistle anchoring the whole with streams of monster bass notes. Having a live 1969 performance of Tommy alone would be reason to buy this record; add to that beautifully energetic versions of Heaven And Hell and most of the songs on Leeds, and you've got one great performance that deserves exhumation. One point: the sound is a little on the thin side at times, with Pete's guitar coming off worse.
6305718954|1.0|Stigmata in an of itself is a horrible movie.  I felt the writing and acting in it was terrible.  The supposed &quot;lost&quot; gospel that the movie refers to is The Gospel of Thomas.  Many would have you believe that this is the most accurate of any gospel of Jesus.  The film relies heavily on the line, &quot;Split wood I am there, look under a stone and you will find me there.&quot;  Friends, that is pantheism, the belief that Jesus is coterminous with the things of this world.  This line is used quite often in Stigmata.  However, what the producers, director and writer have failed to mention is that the Gospel of Thomas ends with Jesus saying, &quot;Let Mary go away from us, because women are not worthy of life.  Lo, I shall lead her in order to make her a male, so that she too may become a living spirit, resembling you males.  For every woman who makes herself male will enter the kingdom of heaven.&quot;  This quote flies in the face of John 4:1-26 when Christ speaks to the Samaritan woman and offers her the living water of eternal life.  You do not have to take my word alone for it.  I would suggest reading The Case for Christ by Lee Strobel.  The argument against the Gospel of Thomas is dealt with quite well.  I will leave you with this: The Gospel of Thomas has been dated at almost two centuries after the Ascension.  Thomas and the rest of the Apostles had already died by then.  God bless you.
6302787122|5.0|When I wanted to rent this movie, I knew that I picked up a special treasure. <br />Sommersby is everything a person wants to find in a movie. It is about human spirit and about human nature and how people lives can interact with each other. And a person can find happiness if it is only for a short matter of time.<br />Jack Sommersby has came back from the war after six years of abstinence. In this time, no one has heard from him until he shows up. And when he does, his wife Laurel honor him by not leaving his side. <br />Laurel is taken by surprise by this &quot;new&quot; Jack Sommersby. The &quot;old&quot; Jack Sommersby was a drunk, gambler, abuser, and care for no one himself and only himself. Laurel instantly fall for the new Jack, someone who she always wanted and always wanted to fall in love with. <br />The question pops up in her mind and everyone else's: Can a man really change over six years from a tyrant to a loving saint? Or does he really appears to be who everyone thinks that they know? <br />Sommersby is about unconditional love, and it is about a man that brings joy and renewal into the lives for others.  I certainly never forget Sommersby!
B00003CXBK|2.0|I was intrigued by the effusive praise that so many ... heaped upon this movie, and I thought to myself &quot;Wow, this sounds incredible - I'd better check this out.&quot;<br />However, this film ...<br />It's way, way too overlong.  It comes in at about 2 hrs 20 mins, yet so much of the movie is painfully repetitious that this could easily have been trimmed to 80 mins.  The American voice-overs are AWFUL.  Minnie Driver is passable, but every other actor makes it sound like a school play.  They're hammier than a side of pig.  I can't believe anime has evolved so little since &quot;Akira&quot;.
B00003CXMG|5.0|when i decided to rent this on a day off from school i was like what the heck lets rent it even though i had low expectations for it. the previews made it look good though. this ended up living much above my expectations. its a great movie and frances mc dormand and kate hudson make it better than 5 stars. it foccusses on a rock band from the 1970s named stilwater and a boy that wants to interview them for rollingstone  magazine and he falls in love with kate hudsons charector. also great performan by fairuza balk aka vicki mallencourt from the waterboy. watch this for  the superb acting and the soundtrack.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|This soundtrack should be the &quot;album of the year&quot; it is just better than all my other albums!Bjork has an excellent voice, I loved all her songs since her previous album in 1995.      All the tracks in this album are AMAZING!    I can't wait for Bjork's next album..even if it's a little too early to think about it.
B00000099Y|4.0|Although this is somewhat of a departure from the harder and heavier Tool of the past, it is definitely a welcome one.  Aenima is slightly more ambient and &quot;trippy&quot; than Undertow and Opiate.  When I first heard this CD, I was psyched about a new Tool CD, and therefore was expecting more of a heavy metal sound.  Needless to say, I was disappointed.  However, a few weeks later, I decided to give it another try, with a more open mind.  Each time I listened to it, Aenima gradually worked its way up to my favorite CD of all time.<br />Why then does it only receive 4 stars?  Only because of the filler tracks.  Maybe they aren't real filler tracks, because they do fit well with the rest of the CD, but I usually find myself skipping them.  Every real song on this CD is a masterpiece, and every one of them is completely different.<br />If you only have $ or so to spend on entertainment in an entire year, buy this CD.  It is the best CD from the best '90s band.  This is one I will take to the grave, and you will too.
B00004YW6I|5.0|This album is amazing, everyone has to hear it..I think that it is the best album I have right now..All the tracks in this album rocks!!!     I think that PJ Harvey is sure a performer!SHE HAS A WONDERFUL VOICE AND SHE REALLY KNOWS HOW TO SING...     You have to get this EXCELLENT ALBUM, cuz you will never regret it!!!!This album gets better and better every day I hear it!
0517543052|4.0|After weeks of of clouded thoughts leading me back to where I started, a friend recommended I read this book.  I went on a search for it and it ended up finding me.  I bought it on a Monday, read it all day on tuesday, by Wednesday I had done three drawings, one collage, and one oil painting.  Now mind that i hadn't had any creativity flowing through me for a year!  This book was obviously written while on acid but it is amazing what words and ideas came out of this man.  I would recommend, and have recommended it.  Especialy if you are searching for something yrt you have no idea what it is.
6303471714|4.0|I've used this video exclusively to firm up for summer for about 7 years (and I've had a LOT of different workout videos).  I'm not sure how it would help someone lose a lot of weight, but it deffinitely burns the average amounts of fat FAST and firms you up faster than any other video I've used.  The different backgrounds and changes in music don't let you get bored.
0679720200|4.0|In a book such as &quot;The Stranger&quot;, the style in which it is written deeply effects the overall quality of the book. By this, i mean that what this book is known for and was written for, namely, to &quot;demonstrate the absurd&quot;, is found as much in the Tone of the writing as in any plot development, etc. And, it seems that (at least in the first half of the book) the short, frank sentences, as well as dialogue, convey Camus' message perfectly. This is because Camus is attempting to give us a character who has &quot;no illusions about the world&quot; to cover up the fundamental absurdity, he lives strictly by way of bodily pleasure/ pain, taking the path of least resistance. Thus, in order to convey such a message, long and elaborate sentences probably wouldn't work. Hence, we are given a character who not only supposedly has no illusions about the world, but also doesn't try to burden the reader with complex words. The frankness of the writing provides for funny moments depending on your given sense of humor, such as when Mersault, the main character, discusses marriage with his girlfriend, confirming to her that indeed he would marry anybody and that it really doesn't matter. In addition to Mersault, the &quot;absurd hero,&quot; there are of course those characters who live by fantasies about great illusions, working towards some greater good and justice. These characters are mostly found in the second half of the book. Mersault never changes his philosophy about life, which is basically &quot;go with the flow&quot;, however, whereas the first half of the book this philosophy gains him friends and sex, in the second half, in the hands of &quot;the law&quot;, gains him the reputation of a hardened criminal. It should also be noted that those people who think themselves to be farthest from the absurd (those in the court, police officers, etc.) are usually presented as those who in fact are most absurd and behave most ridiculously. Overall, this book makes for good discussion and a most enjoyable read.
B00003Q43A|5.0|What more could you possibly as for in a movie?  There is action, drama, romance, special effects, fear, excitement and more all wrapped into this gem of a movie.  ID4 is simply great.  After purchasing it on DVD I watched for about the fifth time, and I realized that this is probably my favorite movie ever.  The special effects are unparalled.  The drama is there, every moment as the perilous situation changes.  Bill Pullman is a refreshing politician, and the romance between Jeff Goldblum and his ex-wife (in the movie) is great.  It was great that we switched between several different characters for the first part of the movie and then at the end they all came together.  I admit that there are one or two corny lines, but they are overpowered by all the greatness this movie has to offer.  In regards to the special features on the DVD, there is only one that I found to be really great.  That was the extra footage.  It was neat to see about 9 minutes of extra pieces that were not in the original movie.  I found the other special features to be somewhat boring, but that's ok, I just went back and watched the movie again!  If you buy one movie this year, make sure it's Independence Day!
B0000013GT|5.0|Well, what can you really say about this album?  It is nothing short of amazing.  I too have every Outkast album, and all of them are completely off the hook. But, ATLiens is definitely the best of all four.  I listen to every single song on this cd and I can't get enough.  Outkast is hands down the greatest rap group ever. Let me explain. 2pac is the realest MC ever, and his lyrics are deep and you can feel every word. Biggie is the greatest lyricist, with every verse he spits leaving you saying &quot;damn.&quot; But Outkast, they are so unique. Over this last weekend I listened to all four cds and I was even more amazed as I really, really LISTENED to the beats, and they are awesome. No one else uses beats like Outkast, and their rhymes are a combination of raw lyrics and lyrics that you can really feel. I just think about Dre and Big Boi rhymin', and they have to know how tight they are. In essence, Outkast is the undisputed heavyweight champions of hip-hop, and ATLiens is there best piece of work, so buy it. Thank you. BREAK!
6304698798|5.0|The haunting music, the great one liners, the three way showdown at the end ...... this film has everything but the smell of the old west.<br />Clint Eastwood will be remembered for a variety of roles but his performance as 'the blonde' or 'blondie' stands out.  Certainly Lee Van Cleef and Eli Wallach never matched 'Angel Eyes' and 'Tuco' respectively.  <br />My favorite part of this movie occurs after the Union Prison scene, when Eastwood and Wallach re-unite to take out 'Angel Eyes' gang and resume their quest for the Confederate gold.<br />Throughout the movie Tuco and the blonde alternate from trying to kill eachother to saving eachother's lives, according to what circumstances dictate.<br />In the end their worldly priorities triumph over Angel Eyes and the civil war that is being fought all around them.  A bizarre buddy movie if there ever was one.
B00005ASQ1|5.0|Academy-Award nominated director Gus Van Sant takes us on an uproarious fictional journey and gives us a fictictious taste of racism in a suburban town. Sir Sean Connery is breathlessly hilarious as the secluded Award-winning one-time author who forms a close friendship with an aspiring writer ( Rob Brown)who's trying to cope with the racial discrimination at his college. Oscar Winner Anna Paquin gives TERRIFIC performance as the girl who befriends him. Michael Nouri does a good job in a supporting role (see him in The Champion!!). Academy-Award Winner F.Murray Abraham is oily evil as Mr.Crawford. This film should've been PG. Buy it. You'll LAUGH a great deal.
0767805534|5.0|I can't acknowledge my admiration of this movie enough.  To me this is American Cinema at its finest.<br />If you like stories about freedom this is for you.  To paraphrase Jack Nicholson 'Lots of people like to talk about freedom but they don't want anybody living it'.  Its a sometimes surreal adventure, but it makes its points well.<br />The wide screen version enhances the, already superb, cinematography.  <br />I give this film my highest recomendation.
B000002BFZ|5.0|Pearl Jam, at least in my mind, has been one of the most honest and amazing rock groups ever...this album is indicitive of that sentiment.  While &quot;Ten&quot; was the album (along with some other album, I forget the name of it...eh, whatever, nevermind) that brought grunge catapulting into the mainstream--Pearl Jam wanted no part of being big, bloated rock stars.  It is because of this, that if you look REALLY closely, you'll notice something interesting about their career...with every successive album, up until &quot;No Code&quot;, things became a little more experimental.  &quot;Vs.&quot; managed to mix the anthemic bombast of Ten with a slight inkling of funk, experimentation, and a more free feeling.  Trust me...just listen to that album real closely and you'll see what I mean.  Vitalogy, continued on with this trend, but now the roles were reversed, it was more themed toward a spontaneous energy and the catchy pop/rock of &quot;Ten&quot; was becoming less so obvious. Pearl Jam never cared at all about trends...they went out to make their music--and so this album came out.  What can I say about No Code?  It just have some fiiine music on it, I think its Pearl Jam's most cohesive album musically and lyrically...by far.  Every song on this album is just incredible, this is one of those albums that you listen to if you are in an introspective mood.  Its not so much as if the songs are good by themselves (which they are!) as they are in the context of the album.  &quot;Present Tense&quot; is just absolutely amazing, it really shows how great Pearl Jam are at writing a song that isn't all power chords or fury...its one of those songs to light up a cigarette to and smoke while looking at the stars and thinking about life, its just incredible.  Similarly, &quot;Off He Goes&quot; is also brilliant.  I think lyrically, Eddie's words on this song are definitely top 5 out of all of PJ's songs.  The actual music is just so atmospheric, and melancholy, yet really relaxingat the same time--especially the lead guitar fills.  &quot;I'm Open&quot; by itself would have been awful on any other album, but since the whole theme of this album is that of questioning the meaning of life, and God (deep stuff, maaaaan...) it fits right in perfect.  &quot;In My Tree&quot;, &quot;Sometimes&quot;, &quot;Around the Bend&quot;, &quot;Hail, Hail&quot; and of course...&quot;Red Mosquito&quot;, are awesome, as well.  Its amazing how this album was shunned when it first came out, yet in retrospect (like all great albums) today its looked at by many of PJ's TRUE fans as an amazing album, musically and lyrically.  All those that deserted Pearl Jam after the whole &quot;anthem/grunge&quot; thing was over, were just riding the band's popularity and many were freaked out that a mainstream act could ACTUALLY try something new...(oh, the humanity).  When, its all said and done though, this is an incredible album thats different from &quot;Ten&quot; (which is incredible in other ways), and this is the one that may have made Pearl Jam lose fans, but made them gain their biggest fan...legitimacy.  BTW, if you like this album check out Ben Harper: &quot;The Will to Live&quot; and &quot;Fight For Your Mind&quot; and DMB: &quot;Before These Crowded Streets&quot;.  Nuff' Said, Get this album...its mindblowingly incredible.
B00004WPAZ|5.0|You did good just to get here.  I'm telling you this is one of the best CD's you'll possess.  Ever since a friend of mine introduced me to this band that's all I've listened to.  I was actually surprised not being able to find more of their CD's on ....  Since they are a new band they certainly SHOW a lot of promise.  <br />I promise you, you will have your friends nodding their heads to the beat the very first time they will ever listen to it.<br />Every song on the album has evolved on it's own, it seems like.  I really can't put a finger on it since I'm not a music major.  However this album is a treat...and I wouldn't tell you if it wasn't so!!!<br />PS  For those of you that travel....it's fabulous on highways(...or in air, for that matter).
B000003TSP|4.0|I first bought this record 2 1/2 years ago. I had never heard of this band before. I had heard that they were good. I was very underwhelmed by this record. It was sort of creepy, yet it was also very boring. The music was very fake and dingy. I was ready to sell it to the Bargain Basement.             What saved this record were the vocal stylings of Beth and the atmosphere of the music. The music is also unbearably chausterphobic, but the cartoonish sound effects keep things interesting. Beth has  a wonderful aura that this boring music can't touch. I loved the distortions, but it almost anchored her wonderful singing ino the muck of what she's so gracefully floating above.                I loved &quot;over.&quot; It is one of my favorite songs. &quot;all mine&quot; is nice, but the live version is heaven. &quot;mourning air&quot; is great and the atmosphere is literally 2 die 4. However, my favorite track is the closer &quot;western eyes;&quot; it is the soul of this record. so dark, so wierd, so light in weight. the lyrics creep me out. it makes me think of beth leaning out of a fifth-story window and looking at her tortured lover that has just committed suicide by jumping out of it in balck &amp; white, which is more than the rest of the record did for me.                  Overall, Beth is an underrated talent who should get more attention. I wish they would make another album pretty soon. It's been too long.
B000056V73|5.0|This movie is so good it hurts. I can't stop thinking about it and the amazing characters it produced. Maybe this movie isn't for everyone though, if you're not into the music scene of the late 60's early 70's or would rather be playin football than listenin to a zeppelin record, you may find this a movie a little bit slow. as for me...it's perfect. it's what i have been waiting a life time to see, the character of William Miller and i have a lot in common, from the same interests in music and the same bands, to a similar physical appeareance (or maybe it's just the hair). anyway, the acting is flawless! I swear i couldn't pick anyone better to play any of the characters. Of course there is my favorite actor, Jason Lee, who was born to be a rock star, (not a mallrat!) Patrick Fugit is just great for the character he plays, Billy Crudup is fantastic, and needless to say Kate Hudson is astonishing. I dare any guy not to fall in love with her after the scene where she and Fugit 'discuss' their ages. She's so alive throughout the whole movie, and is just...amazing. The &quot;Tiny Dancer&quot; scene is so good that it makes me cry. Finally it seems somebody (Cameron Crowe) realizes the power of rock and roll and how it can mend anything, no matter how big or small. I think Crowe and I would have been good friends if i had known him in highschool. Of course, the soundtrack is fantastic, i bought it right away. In closing: For me, this is, and will always be, my favorite movie of all time, but maybe that's just because I can relate so much to it...I love it
B000003TSP|4.0|I first bought this record 2 1/2 years ago. I had never heard of this band before. I had heard that they were good. I was very underwhelmed by this record. It was sort of creepy, yet it was also very boring. The music was very fake and dingy. I was ready to sell it to the Bargain Basement.             What saved this record were the vocal stylings of Beth and the atmosphere of the music. The music is also unbearably chausterphobic, but the cartoonish sound effects keep things interesting. Beth has  a wonderful aura that this boring music can't touch. I loved the distortions, but it almost anchored her wonderful singing ino the muck of what she's so gracefully floating above.                I loved &quot;over.&quot; It is one of my favorite songs. &quot;all mine&quot; is nice, but the live version is heaven. &quot;mourning air&quot; is great and the atmosphere is literally 2 die 4. my favorite trasck is the closer &quot;western eyes;&quot; it is the soul of this record. so dark, so wierd, so light in weight. the lyrics creep me out. it makes me think of beth leaning out of a fifth-story window and looking at her tortured lover that has just committed suicide by jumping out of it in balck &amp; white, which is more than the rest of the record did for me.                  Overall, Beth is an underrated talent who should get more attention. I wish they would make another album pretty soon. It's been too long.
B00003CXFU|1.0|Awful. Go and see Dancer in the Dark if you have to choose among movies nomited for Oscars.
0446677450|5.0|I just didn't know. I am 36 and a small business owner that is still in the Rat Race. If only I could have had this information years ago.. However it is not too late.<br />If you are looking for an ABC plan or a 12 step plan to gain wealth this book is not for you. However if you understand that a good foundation in finances and financial understanding is important and the place you should start, this is what this book gives. You can see the real reason the rich are rich and have direction to pursue wealth yourself. It is all in the foundation that is laid. There are practical things you will be able to do if you pay attention as you read. He doesn't give lessons for you to do but there is plenty you will pick up just from reading..<br />I recommend you read the whole 3 book series. &quot;Rich dad Poor Dad&quot;, &quot;Cash Flow Quadrant&quot; and &quot;Guide to Investing&quot;. Read them in order.<br />These are not Get Rich Quick books..
6303187064|5.0|Listen up people this movie is one of the best films i have seen it has everything you would want in a movie action, story, excellent acting and a great soundtrack.<br />Eric has come back from the dead to punish the people who have killed him and his soon to be wife. As most of you know this is Brandon Lee's last movie. I can't help but cry through this movie it's so moving, but i do think Lee when out with a bang. It goes to show you that you never know when your end is near.
B00003CXFU|5.0|&quot;Erin Brockovich,&quot; directed by Steven Soderbergh, is based on the real-life story of the title character, played in the film by Julia Roberts. Brockovich, a feisty legal clerk, is instrumental in exposing the misdeeds of a powerful corporation which has exposed families to disease-causing industrial residue. As Brockovich and her grouchy-but-loveable boss (wonderfully played by Albert Finney) take on the corporation, the viewer is treated to a rousing &quot;David versus Goliath&quot; story.<br />At the heart of this film's success is the sizzling (but entirely non-sexual) chemistry between Roberts and Finney. They bring great passion and intelligence to their roles, and when they are together, the energy is amazing. Also noteworthy is the fact that although this is a serious drama, the witty script (written by Susannah Grant) is also full of humor. In fact, many of the best scenes from &quot;Erin&quot; are firmly in the great tradition of the workplace comedy. Both Roberts and Finney thus deliver not only excellent dramatic performances, but also great comic performances.<br />The supporting cast is also outstanding. Marg Helgenbeger is particularly affecting as one of the victims of corporate greed and dishonesty.<br />Julia Roberts won a pile of awards (among them her first Oscar) for &quot;Erin,&quot; and I do believe that she deserved the accolades. But &quot;Erin&quot; is not all about Julia. If you like a fact-based, rousing drama acted out by a superb cast, check out this film.
6303430570|5.0|This film is a must-see for anyone that has ever worked in retail.  One scene in particular points out the various types of customers that store clerks have to deal with.  Actually, the traumas of retailing are hinted at throughout the movie.  However, what really makes this movie great is Smith's talent at creating hilarious dialouge and what I call &quot;New Jersey-isms&quot;.
B000056K04|3.0|The first time I heard DMB was after just missing them at the 1994 (?) H.O.R.D.E. concert at Waterloo Village at Stanhope, NJ.  I went out and bought &quot;Under the Table and Dreaming&quot; and had that sense of &quot;coming home&quot; that Deadheads always describe.  In subsequent CD's, the jams, quirky lyrics, and odd chord changes and rhythm patterns became more and more sophisticated, until &quot;Before These Crowded Streets&quot;, which has to be one of the most gorgeous works ever put on (plastic??  Just doesn't sound the same, does it?).<br />Now, Dave Matthews appears to have dealt with a depression caused by fame and fortune (???) by &quot;stepping out of the box&quot; with a new producer, and if the result isn't really a DMB work, it's still pretty interesting, though it does take about five spins to appreciate it.<br />Glenn Hubbard has obviously decided to take Dave's growly, quirky voice and use that as an instrument, eschewing the ballads that characterized the band's last outing.  On the down side, it sounds like a Dave Matthews solo effort with some musicians.  The unique sound of the band is nowhere to be found.  Instead, we see HEAVY echoes of Peter Gabriel circa 1985, Adrian Belew and King Crimson, and various 1970's arena rock bands.  Carter Beauford's virtuosic drumming seems lost in a sea of electrical instruments.  To quote the late Jerry Garcia, the beat on every song is &quot;down there where even white people can find it.&quot;<br />However, in a world in which Britney Spears is regarded as an artist, if you can take this CD on its own merits, it's a competent, sometimes inspired, rock 'n' roll CD.
B00003W8NM|4.0|Fight Club is a movie that you either love or hate, there doesn't seem to be a middle here.  The movie is about a guy who loses everything, then meets Tyler Durden.  Durden is everything this man isn't, attractive, charismatic, muscular.  Together they start a Fight CLub, where men who have no hope can go and beat each other up.  Before long fight clubs are every and Durden decides to step the plan up a notch.  Only our narrator can stop him, if he can discover the truth in time.  Artistically, this movie is astounding, making use of brilliant visual effects.  THe actors are talented and David Fincher is an incredible director.  SOme of the themes of the movie have bothered people and others couldn't find a plot or theme at all.  Still, love or hate the movie, you can't argue with the beautiful presentation on the DVD.  Perfect sound, good picuter, and two DVDs of extras, some fluff, some very informative about the movie and the efforts that went into making a movie.  The four commentaries are brilliant as well.
B000056K04|3.0|The first time I heard DMB was after just missing them at the 1994 (?) H.O.R.D.E. concert at Waterloo Village at Stanhope, NJ.  I went out and bought &quot;Under the Table and Dreaming&quot; and had that sense of &quot;coming home&quot; that Deadheads always describe.  In subsequent CD's, the jams, quirky lyrics, and odd chord changes and rhythm patterns became more and more sophisticated, until &quot;Before These Crowded Streets&quot;, which has to be one of the most gorgeous works ever put on (plastic??  Just doesn't sound the same, does it?).<br />Now, Dave Matthews appears to have dealt with a depression caused by fame and fortune (???) by &quot;stepping out of the box&quot; with a new producer, and if the result isn't really a DMB work, it's still pretty interesting, though it does take about five spins to appreciate it.<br />Glenn Hubbard has obviously decided to take Dave's growly, quirky voice and use that as an instrument, eschewing the ballads that characterized the band's last outing.  On the down side, it sounds like a Dave Matthews solo effort with some studio musicians.  The unique sound of the band is nowhere to be found.  Instead, we see HEAVY echoes of Peter Gabriel circa 1985, Adrian Belew and King Crimson, and various 1970's arena rock bands.  Carter Beauford's virtuosic drumming seems lost in a sea of electrical instruments.  To quote the late Jerry Garcia, the beat on every song is &quot;down there where even white people can find it.&quot;<br />However, in a world in which Britney Spears is regarded as an artist, if you can take this CD on its own merits, it's a competent, sometimes inspired, rock 'n' roll CD.
B00003CXE7|4.0|Some people don't like this movie, they say it's an overbudget action film.  Still, I loved it.  It's an archetypal story of one man destroying an empire, similar to Braveheart.  The uniqueness of the story comes with the Roman setting which is breathtaking and realistic.  Russell Crowe leads a wonderful cast, including Joaquim Phoenix as his nemesis.  The performances are strong, the plot is good, and the action is intense. The DVD serves the movie very well, with sharp picture and awesome sound that can shake the whole house.  The extras are awesome including Discovery Channel documentaries on Gladiator, interviews, and cutscenes.  Ridley Scott does his movie justice with this 2-Disc set, which is a necessity for any DVD collection.
0060930187|5.0|I first read this work when I was in about 9th grade.  However, because I had been so young and it had been so long ago when I read it I couldn't really remember anything but key elements and such.  So, I decided to pick it up and read it again.  This amazing work really gives you some insight of how sometimes privileged people fall to pieces.  She paints a vivid picture of how painful life was like for her, and how she felt completely alienated by everyone except her therapist.  The ending could be seen as a bit rushed, but the general feeling remains in tact.  Definitely a great book to learn more about severe depression, and about her life.
B00003CWL6|4.0|This movie was the best movie of the '99 year.  For once the Oscars actually got it right.  The movie is about family, and aging, and the things that motivate people.  Lester Burnham (Spacey) is having a mid-life crisis of sorts where he realizes that his marriage is empty, his relationship with his daughter is severely lacking.  That's when his youthful next door neighbor opens his eyes to the real wonders of the world. This is an incredible movie with awesome performances handed down by all the actors.  At times funny, at times touching, this movie is a true must see. The DVD presentation of the DVD is decent.  The commentaries are informative, the picture and sound are excellent.  Most of the documentaries on the disc are closer to fluff and probably not something you'll watch over and over, and enough time is spent talking about the cutscenes that one would have hoped that they made it onto the disc.  Still, this movie does sell itself and comes with very high marks.
B00004TH83|5.0|After watching her televised concert, i had to buy her cd album. I was just blown away by the raw power of her voice. She sings alot like Celine Dione but it is still distinctive. My fav song is I will Love again!! I hope she has more dance songs comming out soon!!
0066620694|5.0|Innovator's Dilemma by Clayton M Christensen presents a compelling argument why outstanding companies that do everything right from all perspectives still fail when confronted with disruptive changes in technologies. The dilemma; the logical, competent decisions of management that are critical to the success of their companies are also the cause of company's losing the leadership position and possible demise. This is a must read for anyone who works for or belongs to the management team of a technology company. The innovator's Dilemma, deals with changes in technologies that cause disruptions in existing technology growth trends. Management is aware of the customer requirements. Customer is the source of all revenue. These customers have their requirements which are based on sustaining technology. Market share of the disruptive technology is not large enough for the company to meet its growth requirements based on the projected stock prices. This new disruptive technology has a much lower margin and therefore not feasible for the company to go to that market. What is the motivation for the company to commit its resources? Especially, when there is not guarentee that this technology will ever be viable. Managers in every organization must resolve &quot;the innovator's dilemma.&quot; Dr. Christensen's book provides examples from different market segments when time and again company have fallen pray to disruptive technologies. Even those companies, who once used a disruptive technology to attain its market leadership. The author argues that even the most successful companies fall victim the Innovator's Dilemma, because it is a natural law of business, satisfy the customers' requirement.  A must read for anyone within large or small firms.
B00001U0E1|5.0|A smart witty comedy that will have you laughing out loud. Listen carefully to the lines, often you will recognize lines that are actually from Shakespeare's plays. One does not have to be too knowlegeable of the Bard's work to enjoy this film. As usual, Geoffrey Rush is brilliant and the rest of the cast does not disappoint. Colin Firth is deliciously bad as Lord Wessex, further proving what a good  and often underated actor he is. Joesph Fiennes and Gweynth Paltrow are wonderfully romantic together. The chemistry between the two is wonderful and electrifying. Top to bottom a wonderful cast to support the genius of Tom Stoppard.
0517122707|5.0|John Kennedy Toole committed a crime against seriousness. His novel is hilarious, though, I think it becomes less hilarious with time because our society is evolving in the direction he showed as being an extreme margin. It is the story of Ignatius Jacques Reilly, an educated scholar who is completely out of joint and out of work in a society that does not want to recognize his value. He is divided between a terroristic mother and an anarchistic girl friend. And we are in New Orleans. There is no room in our society for those marginal intellectuals who see the world as a big boiling pot of normalization, and yet this world is divided in all kinds of pleasure groups. He is revulsed by those pleasures, so he is homophobic, he is misogynistic, he is anti-anything that may appear under the sun and that does not recognize him as a genius. His mother forces him into the working world and every attempt at doing something financially profitable will turn sour because he will only be guided by his desire to transform the world, to make it what he wants it to be. He is neurotic, for sure, but also psychotic but a strange psychosis that makes him commit a constant and repetitive social suicide in the name of his unrecognized genius and personality. Some other characters around him are a lot more hilarious than he is. The undercover cop is pathetic in his attempt to achieve something valuable though he is only able to follow and suffer the trend that would eventually lead him to destruction. Luckily Ignatius is here and leads him to rings of illegal perverts : child pornography, pire violence, etc. There is also a fabulous bourgeois or industrialist who survives from nothing, except his inheritance, but who is salvaged by Ignatius who causes a great crisis with one of his clients. This crisis will lead to pure injustice, though also pure justice : retiring an old senile secretary who accepts to take one of Ignatius' provocations on her shoulders to be retired. But the Levy of Levy Pants finally finds some energy and invents Levy Shorts that will be a success because of his newly-found entrepreneurial energy. The mother is pathetic in her motherly love and her desire to get rid of the weight that her son represents to her. And all that is caused by a grownup teenager who could not grow over his father's death when he was young, and then his dog's death when he was still in high-school. Then he got in connection with another anarchistic mind, a girl, and fell in love with her but the clash between the two anarchism led her to go back to New York, and yet to retain the relation, and yet to come at the last minute and salvage him from internment in a psychiatric hospital. He escapes this cp&ugrave;^metely destructive environment because and thanks to her. But this book is a deep reflection on society. Our society, in the name of post-modernistic individualism leads to a complete control of individuals provided they stick to their little cubicles and their preformatted attitudes. Then they are aithorized to do all kind of private capers, provided they are completely cut-off from mainstrema diversified normalization. They have to be consciously and willingly schizophrenic to survive in society and have their pleasures in the dark night margins of this society. Such a world is unbearably crazy and this denunciation of post-modernism is an inspiring ray of sunshine in the darkest pit of all. It is this aging and improving of this dramatic analysis of our modern society that makes this book a piece of unforgettable art. But beware ! Do not identify with any character if you do not want to become as crazy as they are, as disruptive as they are and as much of misfits as they are. If you cannot live up to sane schizophrenia, you better leave and go back to your death chamber of an isolating cell. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.evy Pants finally finds some energy and invents Levy Shorts that will be a success because of his newly-found entrepreneurial energy. The mother is pathetic in her motherly love and her desire to get rid of the weight that her son represents to her. And all that is caused by a grownup teenager who could not grow over his father's death when he was young, and then his dog's death when he was still in high-school. Then he got in connection with another anarchistic mind, a girl, and fell in love with her but the clash between the two anarchism led her to go back to New York, and yet to retain the relation, and yet to come at the last minute and salvage him from internment in a psychiatric hospital. He escapes this cp^metely destructive environment because and thanks to her. But this book is a deep reflection on society. Our society, in the name of post-modernistic individualism leads to a complete control of individuals provided they stick to their little cubicles and their preformatted attitudes. Then they are aithorized to do all kind of private capers, provided they are completely cut-off from mainstrema diversified normalization. They have to be consciously and willingly schizophrenic to survive in society and have their pleasures in the dark night margins of this society. Such a world is unbearably crazy and this denunciation of post-modernism is an inspiring ray of sunshine in the darkest pit of all. It is this aging and improving of this dramatic analysis of our modern society that makes this book a piece of unforgettable art. But beware ! Do not identify with any character if you do not want to become as crazy as they are, as disruptive as they are and as much of misfits as they are. If you cannot live up to sane schizophrenia, you better leave and go back to your death chamber of an isolating cell. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.
B00004LN16|1.0|I got this CD, and couldn't believe this was AC/DC.  True, Angus Young's guitar is still good, and i had high hopes for this album.  But as soon as Brian Adams starts singing, it kills the album.  His voice, which kicked a$$ back in '86 (Back In Black) now sounds like a cross between an old lady and Yoda.  I have listened to this CD three times and tried to make myself like it.  I just can't.  The only half-way decent song is...well, I can't think of a half-way decent song.  If you want AC/DC, pick up Back In Black, For Those About to Rock, or Powerage (the last one being a Bon Scott classic).  This album disgrases the title of AC/DC.
6303187064|5.0|Brandon Lee set the standards for the follow up movies in which Vincent Perez nor Eric Mabius could match nor beat. Brandon Lee's performance makes the movie feel around you, no matter where you are you always feel like your in the movie. Lee's death made the whole idea more tragic and with it the movie welcomed all diferent types of viewers. This movie is not only an action comic book-super hero flick, but also indulges all of us into the darker realm of life, death. This movie also gives someone elses outlook on death. Ernie Hudson playes the beat cop who encounters and helps (Brandon Lee)Eric Draven along his path for vengence. Michael Wincott playes the wise antagonist who seeks to destroy The Crow. The movie was Brandon Lee's best performance and to me, nothing has surpassed it.
B000002KHF|5.0|i knew of van morrison but never knew what he could do to a person. I really got into his music about a year and a half ago and to best describe what it means to me i would need a few days. He brings joy, romance, sex, happiness, sadness, any emotion you want to bring out his music will help you.  He is so underrated compared to the music of the dylans and neil youngs etc but his writing and voice create something you can't have with any other artist, I doubt it. This album is one of his best compared to other artists who would die to have a quarter of this album He is amazing and &quot;brand new day&quot; is maybe one of his best works. If anyone has never heard of him or not gotten his cd's just start with this one and keep going
B000056VIY|3.0|Just for you parents or guardians supervising children on this album, Jennifer has gone bad, and I personally don't like it. In the song &quot;play&quot; she says the words &quot;Mother F---ing song&quot; and in the song &quot;i'm real&quot; she uses profane language several times. I hope this was helpful so think twice about this album and look for an edited one (I hope they have them).
0679777547|4.0|I much preferred the intellectual angle the book had, as opposed to the formulaic nature of the movie.
B000059ZT4|5.0|This new digitally remastered version of Catch of fire is the best Bob Marley &amp; The Wailiers have ever sounded on CD.  With classic tracks like Stir It Up, Kinky Reggae, No More Trouble and 400 years this is a must for any true Bob Marley &amp; The Wailiers enthusiast.  The unreleased Jamaican version of Catch A Fire has a much more roots reggae feel to them then the Chris Blackwell, Island versions of the same songs and alone is worth the price of this two-disc.  I urge anyone you truly loves Bob Marely &amp; the Wailiers to get this Double Disc Set, you won't regret it!
B000002HJD|4.0|This is a fantastic collection of poetry, stories, and songs.  This CD takes the listener into the mind of Jim Morrison.  The listener will definitely be pleased to hear Jim's poetry and his short stories because they are the essence behind the genius of Jim Morrison.  <br />The opening poem, Awake (Ghost Song); which leads into a story about a tragic accident on a highway, that takes us to the lyrics of &quot;Peace Frong / Blue Sunday&quot;  is an artistic arrangement that gives us an idea of how and where Morrison got his ideas and inspirations.<br />Jim's recital of &quot;An American Prayer&quot; sent goose bumps up my arm.  The CD also features bonus tracks that were not included on the vinyl version.  &quot;Bird of Prey&quot; givers us a chance to listen to Jim's wonderful singing voice acappella.  <br />There is a &quot;negative side&quot; to this CD.  It is full of vulgarities.  So, if the listener is sensitive; he / she might get offended.  And, indeed, I can see where this vulgarity can get silly -- such as Jim's &quot;Ode to my C**k.&quot; <br />Other than that, this is a first rate CD that every Door's fan should purchase.  The original music for this CD -- composed and performed by the Doors -- is a definite plus, although Jim wanted to make a poetry LP without music.  In the case of this CD, the Door's music does help.  <br />This is a great CD to own.  I promise that you will listen to it more than once.  It is that good.
0452282152|5.0|I thought this was an excellent book and wanted it to continue. When is her next book coming out?!
0688002307|5.0|Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance contains two works -- one, a philisophical inquery into the nature of being, including references to Zen and the Tao; the other, a story of a man and his son treking across country on a motorcycle, revealing our narrator's past, and eventually resolving certain conflicts within himself.  The more traditional &quot;story&quot; is independant enough from the intelectual &quot;chataqua&quot; (as the author terms it) that either is worthy of individual enjoyment, but they are so artfully connected that the combined effect is greater than many times the sum of its parts.  <br />This book deserves the term &quot;classic&quot; because it was crafted with a certain Quality, that empowers it to enrapture readers, effect lives, alter thought patterns, and -- as all great art should -- reveal a certain truth, and the beauty within that truth.  All the praise that I could bestow upon this book would not make up for the benefit I have recieved from it.  I love Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance.
6302293553|5.0|It is one of the most quoted movies in history. The scenes and comedy evoked by the small ensemble of comedic genius's are simply brilliant. MONTY PYTHON AND THE HOLY GRAIL is one of the funniest movies ever made. It tells the tale of King Arthur, who is searching for knights to join him at the round table. He assembles them, and then receives a message from GOD to seek the holy grail. Thus begins the quest that will have you rolling off your seat with laughter! From the Knights Who Say 'NEE', the three headed giant, the nymphs of the castle Anthrax, to the silly insulting Frenchman, this movie embodies the funniest situations ever to be captured on film. The bad boys of the hit British comedy show are all together to give the funniest performances of their careers. They are John Cleese(Academy Award nominee:Best Screenplay A Fish Called Wanda), Eric Idle, Graham Chapman, Terry Jones, Terry Gilliam, and Michael Palin. Each man plays an incredible array of characters, showing their truly great talents. Terry Gilliam(12 Monkeys,The Fisher King)and Terry Jones(Erik the Viking,  MP and the Life of Brian) direct the film with a masterful stroke, and is also an actor. The best lines in cinema are said here, so don't miss it!
B0000542DG|5.0|You can tell right away that Final Destination is a dead teenager movie. Nothing wrong with that, but most nowadays are turning out to be flops. But Final Destination is a real breath of fresh air. Instead of your typical guy-in-mask slasher, Final Destination turns out to be very creative and interesting. In fact, this is one of my favorite horror films of all time!<br />The opening credits and musical score set a perfect mood for the film, and soon to follow is the best and scariest plane crash scene ever filmed in my opinion. From there on, a group of teens and one adult who left the plane learn that they can't cheat death. Death comes back for them all in a series of deadly accidents. Not only is this a very interesting plot to follow, it is executed quite well. Since everyone is supposed to know this when seeing the movie, it keeps a certain amount of tension that keeps you on the edge of your seat saying &quot;oh god here it comes....,&quot; even if you don't know when death is coming. It usually hits you by surprise with is elaborate Rube Goldberg death scenes.<br />I really love this film. The death plot keeps on twisting and becoming more complex as Alex (the main character) makes more discoveries about &quot;death's plan.&quot; This doesn't have to be just a teen movie - it can appeal to adults as well as science fiction buffs with its awesome and creative plot.
B0000542DG|5.0|hi i'm andy from switzerland<br />last summer i saw the movie in the cinema (in england). and for me it is so, that final destination is the best movie ever!<br />if you don't see this movie, it isn't so good. you should see it...<br />but in switzerland i must wait now till july to can buy this video.<br />bye and goooood movie! andre
B000002LQD|5.0|Lou recorded this gem after recording two previous ones; NEW YORK and SONGS for DRELLA.  Lou has written an epic grieving process after witnessing the death of two of his close friends.  The opening track (What's Good) questions the fairness of life.  By the last track (Magic &amp; Loss) Lou finds closure.  In between are brilliant perceptions on what it my be like to find oneself facing his/her own mortality.  Power &amp; Glory, Magician and Sword of Damocles are masterpieces.  This is Lou's most thought provoking recording to date...and it is my favorite.
B000056N8X|5.0|Ever since The Quickening and Final Dimension, I thought nothing could rival the Original Highlander.  I bought the DVD and was prepared for the worst.  I was surprised on how good the film actually turned out to be!  Endgame answers questions never before asked and sets out a new path of plot for the Highlander series without adding any useless garbage we don't need.  Endgame does to Highlander what no one would have ever expected.  A must Buy.  Watch the opening sequece with Connor and Duncan and you'll see what kind of a movie this is....watch a little bit longer, and you'll experience it at a whole new level.  The tragic twist in the climax of the film is unforgettable.  &quot;There Can Be Only One&quot;.<br />/thybart/
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|This is a very original and incredible EP.  Clocking in at a short but wonderful period of 35 minutes.  Yes, it is definitely worth your money.  <br />It's a much better CD if you are already a Bjork fan, as you already well know she can write anything with joy and comfort, from industrial to techno to ambient to pop to rock to musical, and sound great.  For those of you who don't know Bjork, well...now you know.  She's a very daring songwriter, and you have to give some of her recordings a chance to sink into you.  This soundtrack is not supplementary to the film; it can stand on its own.  Even by its own, it is filled with joy and makes you want to bounce off the walls (I got this feeling from Cvalda) or swing around and sing along (from I've Seen It All) to punching a pillow and singing along (In The Musicals) and creep about in fear in the last two tracks.  Each song is so intense and energetic that it rubs off on you...it's a jug of coffee music-wise.  I feel so great inside when I listen to this. Even before I saw the movie.<br />When seeing the movie and not liking it, it may or may not hurt how much you like the soundtrack.  Since I liked the movie, not just because of its artistic manner and distinct filming, but because Bjork is also a tremendous actress full of passion and wonder and innocence, it added to the soundtrack a whole lot, giving much more significance and depth to Selma, her character, and the songs.  For the soundtrack, some songs were changed around a bit, replacing an actor w/ Thom Yorke for &quot;I've Seen It All.&quot;  (Thom Yorke is the singer for Radiohead.)  Overall message: If you're not willing to see a new brand of filming a musical mixed in with drab, hand-held camera and weird camera views and some kind of movie most machosits enjoy, don't see the movie and enjoy the soundtrack.  If you're willing to take the risk, go for it and enjoy the movie as much as possible.  The movie has flaws, but it's still great.<br />Thanks for reading this. :^)
6304493681|5.0|Well, i really really loved this film, it's truly great, smart, great animation, everything it's great, but you have to see it, kinda of four times to really get in to the movie, when i saw it for the first time i thought that was inchrompisible, so then i watched again, and i really get into it, and for the third time i really really get into it, and for time number four i really really really getted in to it, the DVD it's quite great, but the picture quality of the movie isn't quite good, compared to the Manga Video Promo,were you see images from all the Manga  Video titles such as &quot;Giant Robo&quot;, &quot;Wings of Honneamaise&quot;, &quot;The Guvyer&quot;,and many other titles,but the japanese track it's not the real japanese, because if you watch the subtitled version in VHS, you will see, instead of the song &quot;One Minute Warning&quot; at the ending credits at both the japanese and english tracks in the DVD, there is another song by  Kenji  Kawai, or i don't know, also the instead of english credits, that are both in the japanese and english track of the DVD, in the VHS subtitled version are in japanese, but the U2 song, it's better than the one at the ending credits at the VHS subtitles version, you definetly have to see it!
0792842731|5.0|the first best bond film since the living daylights. I like how pierce Bronsan is showing us the dark side of james bond I like his first bond movie Goldeneye. this one has a lot more action sences to it teri hatcher does a good job as bond flommer flames and jothan pryce does a super job as the mean bad guy. stamper is very mean side kick who want bond dead. i think pierce is better bond than timothy dalton.
0671004107|5.0|Definetly this book proves that Carl Sagan it's better at writing fiction than science, this book it's amazing!, way better than the movie itself, it shows more deepness, altought the descriptions are too long, they are entertaining, there is no much dialouge in the first three or four chapters,but the descriptions are very interesting on the way that Carl Sagan does, this is why this is his best book ever!, also what i loved about this book it hows it describes religion, sexism,well everything, but i don't recommended to a &quot;closed minded&quot; reader and for a very hard scinece one, because when they make contact to alien beings it's on 1999, this book was written in 1985, so please forget the real facts and enjoy this book.
6304297912|2.0|Ouch! The DEAD BABY scene was just more than I could handle. Was this in the original novel? If so, kudos to the director for such a realistic, gut-wrenching and not-to-be-forgotten adaptation to film. Nonetheless, I am deeply disappointed that such a talented group of filmmakers felt it necessary to push the envelope to such extremes. Even the Tarantinos of the world avoid in their circle of violence sensationalizing the death of anyone under the age of 2 for the sake of art. The DEAD BABY scene disturbed me for days, not just that we are given a CU of the lifeless baby, but the fact that we are left with the implication that the baby died of neglect; the viewer is given plenty of room to imagine just HOW that took place. Either way, I am discouraged in the filmmakers' interpretation and choice of material and in its eventual mainstream distribution in the US... a choice that no doubt made this subject matter accessible to so many unsuspecting American viewers, an audience as sympathetic to heroine addicts in Scotland as an Ethiopian tribe may be in the endless battle to fight hunger in America. For a story about drug addiction, we need look no farther than our own backyards for inspiration, and this may be why the film remains after all these years relatively obscure here. The only reason I caught a glimpse of this film is because an acquaintance raved about it to my roommate, who then rented the video and brought it home. The film would have put me to sleep it if had not been for the occassional unforeseen crap splat, the original camera angles, the verbal gymnastics, and the unforgettable DEAD BABY scenes.  This film was no more socially redeeming or &quot;a moral lesson&quot; for heroine addicts than throwing a rat into a blender is edifying as art.
B000002WU9|5.0|This is a hip hop classic and it's like a cinematic feature film. It packs tons of punches, twists, turns and surprises. Just put this album on and get some popcorn because you're in for a drama filled suspense action movie experience, except there's no picture....it's all sound. How amazing is that. The beats on this album are killer and the lyrics solidify Raekwon as one of the premiere lyricists of the Wu.
6304297912|2.0|Ouch! The DEAD BABY scene was just more than I could handle. Was this in the original novel? If so, kudos to the director for such a realistic, gut-wrenching and not-to-be-forgotten adaptation to film. Nonetheless, I am deeply disappointed that such a talented group of filmmakers felt it necessary to push the envelope to such extremes. Even the Tarantinos of the world avoid in their circle of violence sensationalizing the death of anyone under the age of 2 for the sake of art. The DEAD BABY scene disturbed me for days, not just that we are given a CU of the lifeless baby, but the fact that we are left with the implication that the baby died of neglect; the viewer is given plenty of room to imagine just HOW that took place. Either way, I am discouraged in the filmmakers' interpretation and choice of material and in its eventual mainstream distribution in the US... a choice that no doubt made this subject matter accessible to so many unsuspecting American viewers, an audience as sympathetic to heroine addicts in Scotland as an Ethiopian tribe may be in the endless battle to fight hunger in America. For a story about drug addiction, we need look no farther than our own backyards for inspiration, and this may be why the film remains after all these years relatively obscure here. The only reason I caught a glimpse of this film is because an acquaintance raved about it to my roommate, who then rented the video and brought it home. The film would have put me to sleep it if had not been for the occassional unforeseen crap splat, the original camera angles, the verbal gymnastics, and the unforgettable DEAD BABY scenes.  This film was no more socially redeeming or &quot;a moral lesson&quot; for heroine addicts than throwing a rat into a blender is edifying as art.
B000002HFU|4.0|Ol' D.B. shined like a rugged diamond on this album. The cuts are killer and the grooves are just amazing. He is the most ecclecticly distinctive of the Wu Tang Clan. This is one of the best of the Wu-solo albums. It stands up there with Raekwon's solo opus &quot;Only Built 4 Cuban Linx&quot;. Recommended.
6302719631|5.0|This production of &quot;Northanger Abbey&quot; is a thoroughly enjoyable ride, fully capturing the youthful spirit of Austen's under-recognized first novel.  Most commonly found for check-out at county/city libraries, &quot;Northanger Abbey&quot; is a hard-to-find gem.  The wonderfully 1980's synth soundtrack enhances the quasi-dream state feel, resulting in a nearly surrealistic viewing experience.  It's a fun film, not to be missed.
B00001IVOR|4.0|I think this CD is extremely funky and has genuinely distinctive grooves that only RZA could pull off. The use of samples on this album is incredible and the wordplay has never been deadlier. My favorite cuts are &quot;For Heavens Sake&quot;, &quot;MGM&quot; and &quot;Black Shampoo&quot;. Buy this album or at least listen to it!
0441003257|5.0|A couple years ago we did a lot of driving during vacation. My wife read this book to me while I drove, and the kids (11 &amp; 6) listened in. (Soon after vacation, we got a second black cat. As we already had one named Aleister, this one got named Aziraphale. She's sitting on my lap, begging for attenion right now!)<br />This is a comedy of errors about the eschaton, the Antichrist, and Armageddon. My wife &amp; I grew up taking the Apocalypse quite seriously. That served only to make this book funnier. Our children, who couldn't tell an antichrist from an anti-Chrystler, found the book entertaining as well. <br />Fast read. Lots of fun. If you've read all of Douglas Adams' books and are hungering for more, this is the book for you! You might consider following it with Terry Prachett's Small Gods. <br />(If you enjoyed this review, please leave positive feedback. To see more of my reviews, click on the &quot;about me&quot; link above. Thanks!)
B000000OUJ|4.0|This is an incredibly fluid and swift album with incredible lyrical precision and RZA-freaked beats. How could you go wrong with album? This is not only one of the essential albums of the Wu-solo efforts, but it's also one of the essential hip hop albums of the '90s.
B00005601G|4.0|Johnny Cash continues to make interesting choices for song covers.  The first two tracks on this album are both Tom Petty tunes, with Tom singing back-up.  Both are interesting interpretations of old Heartbreakers songs, yet Johnny manages to make them his own.  <br />However, the most startling cut is Johnny's cover of U2's &quot;One&quot;, here reduced to its minimal essence, and all the more powerful for it.<br />All in all, there is simply not a disappointing moment on this album.  A worthy successor to the previous two American albums.
B00004T8RK|4.0|I'm not an old-school Pearl Jam fan, so I can't compare this album to their older releases. In fact, the only other PJ album I've listened to is Yield, the one released right before this one. My first impression of Binaural was mixed: there are definitely some songs that are easy to enjoy right away, but most of the album took a lot of effort to enjoy. That said, it's worth the effort. After owning this album more than half a year it has become one of my favorites, but there were a couple months where I didn't bother listening to it. Now I listen to it start to finish and enjoy every song. It's a solid album, definitely worth owning and it's a breath of fresh air if your appalled by the repetitive pop the radio plays over and over.
B000000993|5.0|This CD is by far one of the greatest albums ever written. the first song I had ever heard from Tool was &quot;Sober&quot;, and i was blown away. Although i did not buy this album first, it is my favorite of the 3 (soon to be 4) Tool albums. I bought Aenima first, and i thought &quot;It cant get any better than this&quot;, and i was wrong. I went and bought Undertow, and after listening to the whole thing, things could get better than Aenima. Im not saying anything bad about Aenima, it is a masterpeice in it self. After listening to all 3 of their current albums, they all differ from each other. On Opiate, it is probably their heaviest album, Undertow, i loved the complexity and the just... the great-ness of it, and on Aenima, i liked the more distorted aspect to the music.
1556154844|5.0|computer software book, period.  McConnell goes all the way on this one.  If your just starting in the business or a seasoned veteran you MUST read this front to back.
B000003BF1|5.0|Any fan of music in general should already own this. In modern times [10 years ago], this would've been the Nirvana to the Beatles' Pearl Jam. I say that because the Stones are more raw than there Liverpudlian counterparts. Also, the Beatles experimented with other things, but the Stones stay rock. Of course, they stay in all kinds of rock and all that make it up:  R&amp;B, gospel, jazz, and, mostly, blues. But rock wise they have bass-heavy, fast rockers (Live With Me, laced with traces of sax and horn) twangy semi-parodys, (the fiddle heavy Country Honk) ballads (Love In Vain) and eerily good straight rock (Gimme Shelter, with a haunting vocal duet between Jagger and someone named Mary Clayton). Let It Bleed (the title a possible parody of then-dysfunctional The Beatles Let It Be) has a blues/country feel with the accoustic guitar building and building louder. Midnight Rambler is an awesome jazzy, harmonica laced tune that starts and stops occasionly. You Got The Silver is the only tune not up to par. Kieth Richards sings over his own slide guitar while singing throway lyrics. The only explanation is they needed one more song to even out the second side. Monkey Man is a pianoy rock tune with another heavy jazz influence. You Can't Always Get... Closes out the album with a choir singing over the bluesy stylings of Mick and Kieth. &quot;You Can't Always Get What You Want&quot; sings Mick Jagger and the London Bach Choir over the gospel/blues closer. &quot;But sometimes... you get what you need.&quot; And what you need is this CD.
B00000JGHS|2.0|The story of this movie is not much at all... actually it is weak and I knew this even before I buy this DVD.<br />But what made it worth buying is to see Demi Moore strip for you... that's it!<br />So if you are a fan of Demi Moore and want to see her strip for you... go for it. If not, don't even consider buying it!
B00005A1PR|5.0|Not often does a new artist have me scrambling for their music after seeing them perform live. This has only happen on a few occasions in the past with N'dami, Julie Dexter and Jill Scott,  but only come to find out the CD hadn't been released yet.  This was in 96 when this little chocolate soul sista had my mouth on the floor from her strong voice that belted through that club. Now it's 2001 and Ms. India Arie has become one of the best new voices in underground soul. A-T-L produced another great artist and Motown Records also found this to be true by signing her to their label. With a guitar as her musical weapon slaying the industry stereo types, this goddess brings words to soul or soul to words like no other.  If you didn't get the Bamboozled soundtrack or don't live in Atlanta to here some of her past work.......then............ YOU'RE LATE!!!, Ms Arie is about to introduce the world to their inner soul with song. This CD offers you 15 tracks of beautiful melodies, uplifting words and soothing guitar production. \\"God In You\\" ( just the title along makes you wanna hear it) is one of those smooth bass filled tracks that makes you rewind it before it even ends. Back To The Middle\\" has the feel of a personal vibe to her and just a all around good groove. The track \\"BROWN SKIN\\", (in my opinion) I'm seeing as her top selling single off the CD. Many artist have lost the gift of writing from the soul to touch others soul and this is what this track accomplished.  You can't compare her to anyone out right now and that's the most appealing thing about her and her sound. To come close in describing her, you have to gather a lot of artist (old and new) to create the sound she brings. Ms Arie is a talented sista and even more explosive live on stage. If any of you reading this get a chance to see her perform, please do. You will be amazed.  Another talented artist bringing a big pot of \\"SOMETHING DIFFERENT\\" to the table for all to enjoy a bite of.<br />oNe
0783117523|4.0|I think the best to describe GIA the model was as said &quot;TOO BEAUTIFUL TO DIE... AND TOO WILD TO LIVE&quot;<br />This movie is E R O T I C with a good story too. And for Angelina Jolie fans, this is a MUST see movie!
B000002UWW|5.0|I just know all albums by RHCP,and I want know more information from the band.Tanks...
0790737345|5.0|If you love Nicolas Cage, go get this movie! If you love Meg Ryan, go get this movie! If you love LOVE STORIES, go get this movie!<br />This is a wonderful story, wonderful effects, great music (OST) and wonderful actors...<br />The best of the best of all of this is that this movie touches you from the inside... it makes you appreciate so many things in life that we take for granted and do not appreciate.<br />As humans THANK GOD we can touch, smell, taste as well as see and hear. We might have thought that the most important senses are see &amp; hear... but this movie shows how great it is to be able to touch (like the scene of Nicolas Cage's feet getting wet in the water) ...etc.<br />In other words, in combination of all what was said; this movie helps you appreciate L I F E, L O V E and cheers you up.
0684853523|5.0|An unexpected work by horror writer Stephen King, he attempts to divulge in what he knows about his craft not only by creating a useful technical guide, but also by relating his work to his life growing up and after his horrifying accident. This was a very inspirational and educational read, if one only even learns a little bit about the writer and ignores everything on writing.
B00004LN16|1.0|Only one trouble here: Johnson cant sing anymore...
B00005214X|5.0|George states that he resisted the temptation to remix the entire album.  After hearing the tracks that were remixed (My sweet lord, beware of darkness, let it down), I actually would love to hear a new version.   I think the remixes surpass the originals with their simplicity.  I loved the re-working of the cover art as well, its a nice statement of the state of the planet.  This album is a classic that Beatle and non-beatle fans will enjoy.
0140135154|3.0|In the introductory note to Ways of Seeing, Berger writes: the principle aim of the book is &quot;to start a process of questioning.&quot;  This is disingenuous.  This book is not asking questions: it is deliberately making a provocative argument.<br />The argument is that Western painting is a &quot;celebration of material property.&quot; (P. 110.)  The book abounds in such bald assertions, of varying degrees of plausibility.  Examples are  claims that: in industrial society &quot;existing social conditons make the individual feel powerless&quot; (p. 148), and &quot;Capitalism survives by forcing the majority, whom it exploits, to define their own interests as narrowly as possible.&quot; (P. 154.)<br />There are books of criticism that aim to enhance one's appreciation of art.  This is not such a book.  Berger criticizes Western art as, with rare exceptions of painters of unusual genius, as a tool by which capitalist elites exploit the helpless majority.  This 1973 book uses criticism as a weapon in a war of social improvement, with capitalism as the enemy.
6302799066|5.0|I just love this movie.  Love, love, love it.  There, I've said it.  Now that I've got that off my chest, I'll explain WHY I love it.<br />Dr. Strangelove is the king of black comedies.  If you're a film director and want to know how in the wide, wide world of sports you're gonna shoot a black comedy, watch this movie.  Every scene is filled with black-brilliance.  Because the whole movie revolves the world about to end........ augh, I got to go.  I can't finish this review.  My mom wants to get on.  I'm sorry, really.  Please don't click that &quot;no&quot; button below this review!  Please don't!
B00000IL1K|5.0|I bought this CD when it came out, and it's been my favorite ever since.  I own 4 other Sarah CDs (including the recent La Luna; she's definitely my favorite artist) as well, but I think this one stands out for its soothing, somewhat mysterious tone.  Great mood music.
B000002BUY|1.0|I think I'm probably in the minority, but I hated this CD.  The songs themselves aren't bad (although they could stand to be a little heavier in my opinion).  But WHATS WITH ALL OF THE SCRATCHING?!?!?  I don't mind a little of it, but this band goes WAY overboard.  Some guy is getting paid a lot of money to scratch a freakin record on a turntable.  Unbelievable.  If you like metal, stay away from this and get Nothingface, Utraspank, Skrape, Factory 81 ...
0553573403|5.0|Why is George R.R. Martin's A GAME OF THRONES so good?<br />Its characters are believable. They are chock full of human strengths, faults, weaknesses and virtues. Martin does not set out to create heroes - instead, he writes his characters a path, a behaviour a human being would take as a matter of human nature... and the heroes and villains make themselves. And yet, this is not the kind of character stock where heroes and villains are as white and black - so much is grey, and yet totally recognisable in ourselves.<br />Martin's world is unrelentingly real, almost unforgiving. Life propels his characters, energises his characters. Death is death, and simply, directly, literally grinds those who die to a halt (well, except for the Others, of course...). In A GAME OF THRONES, death is frighteningly, terrifyingly *STARK*. (And isn't that such a wonderful family name). There have been very very few books of fiction where a death of a character has truly moved me. My most memorable (and painful) has been the death of Sturm in the Dragonlance Chronicles. But to this rank of legend I now add Martin's A GAME OF THRONES, and A Song of Ice and Fire.<br />Some readers complain that Martin kills characters too fast. So? You should be asking yourself do the deaths shake you? Sure, many deaths seem meaningless - but therein lies the atmosphere of the world Martin wants to portray. People, this isn't a world with modern medicine and the modern obsession with keeping alive anyone regardless of worth. This is a world where &quot;if you play the game of thrones, you win or you die&quot;. Life is like that even in Earth's medieval past.<br />But more important is the way Martin conveys death to the reader. Martin is not so interested in describing to the reader the act of killing, or the act of death. Martin's genius is in letting you see death from afar, from a detached place. Death is a reality; making it seem unreal, or making one helplessly watch it claim good men - is the most painful. In a world so rash, so cruel and biting, children grow up very fast. I think some readers who complain of Martin's highly mature children forget that these are children without TV and computer games. You have to grow up very fast. But look, even with his children, Martin portrays many different personality types. There are the little innocents, the rebellious ones, the responsible mature, the spoiled brat, the sibling rivalry, and so on. These characters are not 2-dimensional, and they exhibit growth based on their individual personalities, giving a sense of unity.<br />Martin's plotlines seem linear, and yet his twists are staggering - but best of all, his twists are always within possibility. They are not products of deus ex machina. This only accentuates the power of his story.<br />Martin's story moves, his characters move... and they all move us.ainful. In a world so rash, so cruel and biting, children grow up very fast. I think some readers who complain of Martin's highly mature children forget that these are children without TV and computer games. You have to grow up very fast. But look, even with his children, Martin portrays many different personality types. There are the little innocents, the rebellious ones, the responsible mature, the spoiled brat, the sibling rivalry, and so on. These characters are not 2-dimensional, and they exhibit growth based on their individual personalities, giving a sense of unity.<br />Martin's plotlines seem linear, and yet his twists are staggering - but best of all, his twists are always within possibility. They are not products of deus ex machina. This only accentuates the power of his story. <br />Martin's story moves, his characters move... and they all move us.
6303471714|5.0|You'll never get bored of this video.
0553573403|5.0|When someone told me that George R.R. Martin's characters were even more developed than Terry Goodkind's, I was skeptical.  I then asked for this first book in Martin's series for Hanukkah, and long before I finished it I was eating my own words with a shovel.<br /><br />A lot of traditional authors in the genre I find incredibly shallow and long-winded(particularly Jordan and Eddings, who I blame for the ill-constructed stereotype of fantasy in the first place), mainly because their characters are incredibly boring and do nothing to -really- hook the reader into their minds and emotions.  Martin not only does this with a shrug, but almost every single one of his characters are completely three dimensional.  Sandor Clegane and Jaime Lannister, to name a couple, delightfully surprised me inside out as the series progressed like no other character or twist has ever done.<br /><br />  The person here who called Martin's characters flat must be dim-witted or tasteless beyond anything on the scale, not to mention jaded to a nauseating degree for wanting the Starks to die.  They represent the moral strongholds, the light amongst the corruption of Martin's world, and are all none the less rich or developed for it.<br /><br />  The magic in this series, also, is refreshing and far more subtle than what I've come to expect.  The Stark-wolf connections, the green dreams, the crows, all of it is just enough to tingle the reader's interest without going overboard and flooding the story with magic to the point of it losing its effect, or becoming tiresome.  My only complaint is that Martin is a bit too naturalistically brutal at times (while Goodkind is usually a true come-away-feeling-good heroic writer), but everything else of his more than makes up for it and is perhaps superior to Sword of Truth.
6303471714|5.0|You'll never get bored of this video.
079213690X|5.0|For all of those pessimistic people complaining about the blood and violence here's a news flash. This is about a WAR. Blood usually shows up in battle scenes. If you don't like blood, why did you pay to see this movie in the first place? And so what if it isn't &quot;historically accurate&quot;!?! I wish I could record just so you could hear how sarcastic my voice is. A lot of movies aren't historically accurate. It didn't stop this one from being one of the best films I've ever seen. This was a wonderful movie. Mel Gibson was amazing as William Wallace. Everybody should see this movie. His aura is so rich you can feel what he feels, and that makes this experience even better.
B000000HZZ|5.0|I first had the pleasure of hearing this ablum around 1981-82 and I am still listening to it regularly today. Although every track is great, &quot;Nightporter&quot; and &quot;Taking Islands in Africa&quot; still hypnotise me every time I listen. David Sylvian is a true master of his art.
0141301155|5.0|I have been reading to my son almost every night since he was born (he is now 7 years old).  For me, this was one of the more enjoyable ones to read, and if you ask him what his favorite book is, this is always one of the first ones on his list.
0385486804|5.0|Into The Wild has really provoked a certain awareness in me. It is quite different from Krakauer's most famous piece, Into Thin Air.  Unlike Into Thin Air, the value of Into the Wild comes from what you as the reader take from it; it cannot help but make you wonder what drove Chris McCandless to abandon all that represented materiality and try to live not only in the wild, but with the wild.  Was this kid - who has been labeled crazy - right, at least in the regard that humans are too caught up in their material existence to appreciate all that is natural? These are questions many young people confront, and Krakauer has done a magnificent job of piecing together not only what McCandless did, but why, exactly, he acted the way he did. Unfortunately, however, McCandless ended up paying the ultimate price for trying to truly live: death.
0804106304|4.0|For our Spanish class we got an assignment to read a book about another culture. So I went to the library and I picked up \\"The Joy Luck Club\\" because I thought it would be interesting to read. Well I was right. \\"The Joy Luck Club\\" is about a group of four women, their four daughters, and their families. The four women where brought together at a table where they play mahjong, eat dim sum, and talk. Each chapter of the book tells of one of their life stories. Each woman went through hard times that not many people can cope with. Events happened to these women that nobody would expect, from killing them selves for their daughters sake, to leaving behind your two baby daughters on the road side so their mother could save them from her sickness. All Chinese women were supposed to be quiet and obedient all the time and not have their own opinions. Just do what they were told to do. When they were young they were forced into things they didn't want to do or have, like arranged marriage or playing the piano. It was not like that because they were women but because they were Chinese women and that's how they were expected to act. This book was great even though it was a little slow and hard to understand in places, it was excellent and I encourage you to read it.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator is a return to the sandals and robes epics that were so prevalent in the 1950's.  The film revolves around Russell Crowe's Maximus who was the emperor's favorite general and in fact was picked him to rule Rome upon his death instead of his own son, Commodus.  Commodus finds out about this, kills his father, takes control of the empire and orders Maximus to death.  Maximus escapes and ends up being sold as a slave.  Maximus' new master sees him as a gladiator and he is forced to fight in the arenas.  These fighting scenes are what make this movie so great.  They beautifully choreographed and the action is filled at a breakneck speed.  The fights are a bit gory and violent, but the violence is never gratuitous.  The technical wizardry of the day allows director Ridley Scott to recreate the Roman Coliseum in stunning detail.  Eventually Maximus and Commodus face each in the arena and the film comes to a surprising conclusion.  Mr. Crowe is superb as Maximus.  He has a commanding presence on the screen and he nicely balances the certain degree of pomposity and arrogance that the role requires with a subtly that make Maximus seem real.  The late Oliver Reed is great as the slave owner and Richard Harris has a fine cameo as the emperor.  As great as Mr. Crowe is, it is Joaquin Phoenix who steals the movie as Commodus.  He is perfectly evil in the role and he eats up every scene he is in.  The film recently won the 2000 Oscar as Best Picture and Mr. Crowe took home the Best Actor award.
B000006OAM|5.0|No, really I do. Where have I been? Not in the Heart, that's for sure.
B00003CXFV|5.0|Erin Brockovich is based on the true story of a nearly destitute single mother of three who while working for a small lawyer, Ed Masry, has an almost forgotten a pro bono case the lawyer is working on for a family in Hinckley, CA thrown on her desk for her to file.  The case involves possible chromium contamination in the water due to negligence on the part of utilities giant Pacific Gas &amp; Electric.  Erin becomes intrigued by it and through her tireless effort and Masry's support, they ultimately win the case and receive the largest class action settlement in history.  Director Steven Soderbergh takes what could have been into a television movie of the week story and turns it into an intelligent, funny, dramatic and thought provoking film.  Julia Roberts is absolutely magnificent in the title role.  Her wardrobe in the film (pushup bras and tight clothing which are nice) garnered alot of attention, but they are merely a sideshow to the best acting job of her career.  She makes us feel for the situation Erin is in and through her compassion for the people of Hinckley, we too become involved and concerned for them as well.  Albert Finney contributes his usual first rate acting to the role of Ed Masry.  He perfectly plays off Ms. Roberts, absorbing the rants and abuse she heaps on him and then returning the favor with a few zingers of his own.  Aaron Eckert plays Erin's boyfriend George with the right amount caring and support that gets tested throughout the film.  Marg Helgenberger is great as a Hinckley resident who family is being broken down due to the chromium poisoning.  Ms. Roberts recently won the 2000 Best Actress Oscar and despite all the hype, it was a well deserved award.
B00004XONN|5.0|why? well this album all comes together... everything in its right place. It feels like there is an overlying theme constant throughout their music on this album.  Also, people who like EMO or ambient music will like this because the music can be very emotional. In a cool way though. Some people dont like the dude's singing but it is just the opposite for me. I'm not sure why people wouldn't like it; maybe they aren't very liberal with vocals??? Approach all albums with an open mind.<br />Highlights are: track 8,3,4. My only complaint with this album is that the songs need to be longer. The title track for example suddenly has guitar washes and is supposed to sound all heavenish.  They change the music with too little transformation. Peace
0156284502|5.0|This was my first book , i read it when i was 7 years old, i have not forgotten about it since then....  If you think you are too old, or too adult for to give it a try and read it...then you should not steal this amazing opportunity from a child of yours...i think it's the best children's literature ever written.
6305313687|5.0|\\"Hate, is baggage.\\"  Those, along with a quote from Abraham Lincoln, are the last words spoken in the final narration of American History X; a movie with so much depth and character that it makes the regular Hollywood fare look like student films in comparison.  Amazingly, it has a first time feature director in Tony Kaye and a freshman screenwriter in David McKenna. <br />Danny Vinyard's (Edward Furlong) young life has seen its share of pain and turmoil: first, his father is murdered doing his job and then he witnesses his older brother Derek (Edward Norton) murdering two would-be robbers.  Derek is a kind of über neo-Nazi, an Honors English student in High School and a protégé of the local racist leader, Cameron Alexander (Stacey Keach).  He is also Danny's hero.  After their dad is killed fighting a fire in a Compton crack den, Derek turns his hate into action and becomes a leader of the growing White Power movement in Venice Beach.  He is never a true believer though -- the group is an outlet for his charismatic personality and his rage at things he doesn't understand.  Cameron is right there to focus the attention of hopeless, young white kids like him and gives them an excuse to be angry, and stay angry. <br />The story, mostly told by Danny, is featured in black and white flashbacks with the current story told in color.  It opens with Danny in Dr. Sweeney's office (Avery Brooks as the principal) for writing a civil rights paper entitled \\"My Mien Kampf.\\"  It is the same day Derek is released from Chino after serving three plus years for homicide for the aforementioned killings.  When Danny finally sees Derek again he realizes that he has come home a man, and we witness one of the most powerful stories of redemption I have ever seen.  We cannot truly know how far he has come until we see where he has been.  Where he has been is told in a brutal, graphic and final manner but it does provide the basis for his evolution. <br />When Derek goes into prison he isa hardened young man.  He immediately makes his presence known to the Aryan convicts and is safe with them.  Little does he realize his attitude of purity and adherence to philosophy gets him nowhere here.  He becomes jaded from the compromise he sees his posse making and goes off on his own.  After being raped and humiliated by one of his own men, Derek is visited by Dr. Sweeney, who offers his help.  He tells Derek about his own angry days of youth: <br />\\"I used to be mad too.  Mad at everyone.  Mad at society, white people, God.  I had all the wrong answers but I wasn't asking the right questions.  You need to ask the right questions, Derek.\\" <br />\\"Like what?\\" <br />\\"Has anything you've done made your life better?\\" <br />The slow headshake Derek gives is the turning point.  His only contention left is to deal with the prison's black population (the \\"brothers\\") who will be gunning for him.  As he is leaving he realizes that the young black guy who befriended him, and broke down his perceptions, had put out the word that he be left alone.  Derek has grace extended to him and doesn't even realize it.  He only understands the mercy he has lived under as he is leaving, but it has already changed him.  Dr. Sweeney gives him help too, but it is a conditional grace based on his heart change. <br />Both of them are worried about Danny and they both realize that he is headed down the same path Derek is departing from. <br />Not only is Derek a man of honor when he comes home, he displays a compassion and protectiveness of his family he hasn't had for years.  He is clearly appalled at where they have to live and they are his top priority now.  He does make mistakes and lashes out in anger several times but that is what makes him the man he is; a character fully realized.  He is about his business of severing the ties that bind him to his old life (even some very personal ones) and rebuilding the new life he has been given. <br />X is an emotional and moving piece of work,a wonderful marriage of image, writing, and acting.  Mr. McKenna boldly draws characters, not caricatures.  He does not rely on the handy crutch of pathos but allows his progeny to live and move amongst the rest of us.  The material he supplies allows Edward Norton to shine and give an Oscar-worthy performance.  Mr. Kaye shows a flair for the showy image at times but as Edward Norton states: \\"his visuals...are wholly unique\\" and he does make his presence felt less than many other Hollywood directors. <br />On a side note, during post-production, the director decided he did not want his name anywhere on the picture and is still bad-mouthing it to this day.  (He considers it \\"raped\\" by Edward Norton -- whom he calls a \\"narcissistic dilettante\\" -- and New Line Cinema, when he was refused more money and time for a third edit).  What is more ironic is this egotistical clown, who is by his own estimation \\"the greatest English filmmaker since Alfred Hitchcock,\\" could win an award for his work on the movie; work he fought months to damage and have his name replaced with a pseudonym.  When asked about wanting to have his credits read `Humpty Dumpty' he explained \\"Its all about the fall of mankind...\\" -- my guess is that would be anything that removes Tony Kaye from the spotlight, with his teeth marks still planted on it.
6301966562|4.0|&quot;Electric Dreams&quot; is one of those good-natured, romantic &quot;Eighties&quot; comedies that makes you want to dig out your old skinny tie, dust off your Sigue Sigue Sputnik LP's and wax nostalgic over a Sapporo beer at the sushi bar. This extremely likable, easygoing fable about a &quot;love triangle&quot; between a boy, his computer and the wholesome girl next door veritably oozes its appeal, without ever becoming cloying. Lenny von Dohlen (off the radar since) and a young, engaging Virginia Madsen (before she specialized in playing bad-girls/femme fatales) deliver a pair of winning performances, and there's an added treat with &quot;Harold &amp; Maude&quot; star Bud Cort providing the voice of the computer. A memorable sountrack, chock-a-block with New Wave pop, puts the icing on the cake. Pure escapist fun.
B00003CXE6|5.0|This is simply a wonderful movie.  From the effects, to the great acting, it definitely deserves the Oscar for best picture that it received and Russell Crowe definitely deserved the praise as the best actor.  Buy this!!!
B00003CX6P|5.0|This movie is full of SUSPENCE, EXCITEMENT, AND BEAUTIFUL SCENES OF ITALY!!  This movie had me at the edge of my seat when i saw it in the theaters.  I loved it so much I bought it on DVD.  And for all you fans of Jude Law - you know it's something to add to your collection.  And even if you're not, this movie has a great story with lots of plots and twists that will definitely entertain to you for a long time.
B000000993|5.0|This CD is not as good as Aenima, but nothing is. Undertow is heavier but Aenima has so much more creativity in it, not like Undertow doesn't. If you don't have a TOOL album yet you should definately get this one, but get Aenima first. On both albums every single song is great. Undertows best songs in my opinion are Flood, Intolerance, Bottom, and Undertow. Most people like Prison Sex and Sober the most, I like those songs alot its just when I listen to this album I listen to it for heavy songs but I do like Sober and Prison Sex. Heres a review of the Songs: 1. Intolerance- Heavy song, great guitar riffs and strong vocals, something to headbang to.   10/10 2. Prison Sex- softer, but has great guitar, bass, drums(like always)and a good melody.   10/10 3. Sober- Another soft song(sort of)but is still really good.  10/10 4. Bottom- Has a killer guitar riff after the second chorus, this song goes on for around 6-7 minutes all heavy except for one part in the middle.     10/10 5. Crawl Away- 10/10 6. Swamp song- 8/10------Still  a great song-better than almost anything else out there 7. Undertow-  11/10 8. 4 degrees- 9/10 9. Flood- great opening and ending  11/10 10. Disgustipated- great way to end a TOOL CD.  10/10 BUY THIS AND AENIMA(note; New album in May- going to be great)
0671034065|5.0|This is a one sitter. Once you start, you won't be able to stop. I hated to reach the end. A fun, rollercoster, sparks fly and sizzel on every page. I enjoyed every word.
B000002H8F|5.0|It's hard to pinpoint exactly what makes the Pixies so unique.  After all it is a familiar formula.  We have the same loudn distorted guitars, smooth bass lines, and crashing drums that have heard from countless bands before and after the Pixies career.  However, the Pixies still manage to create something that sounds like it came crashing down from outer space, totally unique and all together timeless.<br />Every fan of the Pixies has a favorite album.  Bossanova just happens to be mine.  Right off the starting gate the album comes raging toward you with Celilia Ann and only lets you breath for a short while during Ana.  Lyrically the album is top notch.  Funny and absurd at times, but all together smart.<br />The Pixies are a band that will never be forgotten.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This is a good compilation, but it is not necessarily the band's best songs (in fact far from it).  It is nice to have all their #1 singles on one disc but most of their best albums (Rubber Soul, Sgt. Pepper, White Album) had no singles released from them.  And where is Please Please Me?  It was their first British #1 for cryin out loud!  Anyway, this is a decent introduction to a brilliant band, but if I were you, I wouldn't  spend my money on this, but instead buy all their LPs and the two Past Masters discs.
044022165X|5.0|The rainmaker is a great legal thriller.  The main character is Rudy Baylor, a young attorney just out of law school.   While in a class he picks up a client whose son has leukemia.  But, the insurance company wont pay for the bone marrow transplants.  Then one day at the hospital Rudy meets young wife of a man who beats her.  The two become instant friends.  Once the lawsuit is filled against the insurance company, Great Benefit, Rudy learns that Great Benefit has a superb legal team.  At the trial Rudy grills and questions the CEO of Great Benefit about missing files.  The jury believes that Great Benefit was wrong.  Will Rudy win a big case and get the girl?  Read The Rainmaker by John Grisham.
0060922583|5.0|The beauty of this book is the acknowledgment of phenomenon that many people have either witnessed or experienced and yet cannot explain in the context of science. It is only in fairly recent times that the god of science has reigned with such an iron fist; of course, we are living in a society that is the product of scientific discovery, but what is your perception of this society? Why do we look to science to offer explanations for our experiences? This book seeks to explore a model of our universe and all that is in it, in such a way that is both readable and vast in its substance. Here we have a link between up-to-the minute scientific discovery and that which has been the opposite end of the spectrum, magic and mysticism. As an astrologer, my interest is to explore the connectivity between perception and events within the framework of the cosmos. The Aquarian Age is as much about breaking down barriers and creating new paradigms, and now with the advent of technological communication at an unprecedented level, we are able to make those important links. I love the way this book is inclusive of those subects usually rejected by science and is able to grasp the nettle of  some thorny exceptions to a scientific straitjacket.
0671034065|5.0|This is a one sitter. Once you start, you won't be able to stop. I hated to reach the end. A fun, rollercoster, sparks fly and sizzel on every page. I enjoyed every word.
0393316041|5.0|This is a really funny, interesting book.  Good laughs.  What I learn from this book is that even a great physicist like Feynman never took himself too seriously.  And that life can be great fun even when one is pursuing serious adventures.  A very healthy approach to life.<br />Thank you Feynman.  Even if you were not the greatest scientist in the last century, I am sure you were the most interesting.  I salute you.
6303160344|5.0|I love BLEU, as I love all of them!  I think that my favorite of the three is ROUGE, because I was able to understand more of it than the rest.  Blue is a wonderful movie, with a sad mood, set by the accident in the beginning.  I love Benoche's performance, I think that she portrayed the hidden grief of her character with suberb talent.  WOW
B0000549B0|5.0|I've always had a weak spot for Jimmy Stewart. I cannot remember him performing below average, and in this movie he reaches new heights. His mimicry, his voice, his whole relaxed demeanour make his character (Elwood P. Dowd (Can I give you my card?)) one of the most likeable personalities ever. This trend is persued in the entire movie. You simpathise with the leading characters and the way they deal with the frictions Harvey causes. Every individual actor plays his or her part with a rare conviction and obvious joy. Without ever getting namby-pamby, the high feel-good factor of this movie is one of its strongest assets. You would simply like to meet (or even be) Elwood P. Dowd. Anyone who likes a good story, performed be a great and dedicated cast, will love this movie. I'm sure you will agree and also call it one of the best you'll ever see.<br />As with all old movies, see it in the original black and white version. But in case that isn't available, the briliance of the story isn't any less bright in the colored version.
0671034065|5.0|This is a one sitter. Once you start, you won't be able to stop. I hated to reach the end. A fun, rollercoster, sparks fly and sizzel on every page. I enjoyed every word.
0812589041|5.0|I loved this book It's a great read.
B00004XMTC|5.0|The return of Connery just one more time was made necessary by the growing silliness of the Roger Moore films.  This was convincingly confirmed several years later by the worst of Bond movies: a &quot;View to a Kill.&quot;  Although a summation of many Bond scripts, &quot;Never Say Never&quot; contained just the right amount of wry humor and hint of believability that makes Bond great.  It is a fitting tribute to the only real Bond.  Connery proves that the proper formula for Bond is vodka and caviar not Broccoli.  Perhaps we will be treated again to an aging secret agent who is still politically incorrect but always in vogue who never can quite say never!
B000002MY3|5.0|This another one of my favorite albums of the 90s. When I first bought this back in '95 I didn't listen to anything elses for months that's how captivating it is. Nice songs, nice lyrics with good production fall nicely into place. This may be the best work that Alanis will ever put out and when she first came out (in America) she couldn't have picked a better time to with Lilith Fair and the Riot Grrl movement. I'm pretty sure there were Riot Grrls before her but Alanis brought it to the mainstream. I like all the songs on this album but some of favorites is 'You Outta Know' 'The Unforgiven' and 'All I Really Want' If you're looking for some quality albums from the 90s, this is the one to get.
185984054X|5.0|Christopher Hitchens does a remarkable job with a sensitive subject. Mother Teresa is widely revered by those who have only seen the outer veneer of her work and judging by some of the comments seen here, she is seen as something of a 'Sacred Cow' who is completely beyond criticism.<br />However, Hitchens makes it clear that her methods and philosophies were NOT always beyond question and he is right to raise these points. Those who think it's simply an attack on the Catholic Church are over-sensitive: like it or not, the Church DOES have questions to answer about its work with poor communities, not just in India but also in South America and other places. These places are overcrowded for a reason: simply providing charity will not solve the root of the problem.
6303022901|1.0|I echo a comment below about this movie being a perpetuator of negative stereotypes of Asian men. Quote: the three Chinese men in the movie are &quot;a mysognist, an anal-rententive bald loser, and an old accented chinese dude&quot; respectively. Compare them to uniformly understanding, benevolent white guys, and you see what's wrong about this movie: grossly biased and simplistic. A crowd pleaser at the expense of a true minority's collective image.
B00004TL21|5.0|I got this cd and after the first time I listened to it I was wondering what the hell happened to the deftones.  However, The more i listened it became apparent how wonderful this record was put together and how much the deftones have evolved since adrenaline.  My personal favorites would be Feitceira,Digital Bath, Street Carp, Korea, Passenger, and Change.  The only song i really don't like is Elite but I still don't think its that bad a song.  If you are looking for a cd that you can listen to and have it grow on you U have gotta check this one out.
B00004SW9R|5.0|It has been over 30 years since I first heard this collection of music, and I believe it could go another 30 and not lose a beat.  If Mac Rabenneck and cohorts were guilty of cashing in on the rage for psychedelia way back in 68, at least they came by it honest and with a fierce originality that was...and remains...all their own.  I've slipped this CD on when young (20-30 somethings) friends are visiting, and they flip.  They're not hearing retro-psychedelia, or gimmicky sound effects, as some reviewers might suggest.  They're hearing something primal and hot, borne of a Louisianna bayou night with fireflies in the mangroves and barely-perceived forms flitting through the shadows.  <br />Yeah, lower the lights, burn a few candles, and sit back with this one cranked.
B000059XYK|4.0|When I first went to see &quot;Gone In 60 Seconds&quot;, I had never heard a word of it in previews or word-of-mouth. I never liked or could sit through any Nicholas Cage movies until this one though. Cage plays a rather lathargic Randall Raines, a reformed car theif who is unwillinglly drawn back into his old profession to save his younger brother Kip (The Wonder Years' Giovanni Ribisi) from death. Kip takes a car boosting job for the meanest car-theft ringleader in town (A part which even I could've played better than this guy), and faces the ultimate price for mistakes. To keep the big boss from killing his brother, Cage must round up old collegues to pull off the biggest boost of their lives. Some of his partners in crime include Angelina Jolie, Robert Duvall and my favorite...Vinnie Jones as The Sphinx. Each with his/her own special tallent, they work at moving 50 cars in 2 days to save little Raines. The one thing that kept the movie from running out of gas at the box-office I think, was the fact that they went in-depth as far as methods of boosting the cars...instead of knocking on someone's door and stealing the keys from the kitchen table. And there's a lot of laughs along the way that keep it from seeming like a re-run of CHIPS. Up-beat comedy makes the movie a lot better than it could've been, my favorite part was Nicholas Cage taunting a seriously ghettoed-out rival theif from inside a diner who was out kill him. The movie does have a few corney scenes that were obviously forced by a nerdy director...but the action, the laughs, and all the new stuff you learn about stealing cars these days is what makes it a good pick for me. I think this movies' like alcohol though, if you get in a car after it youre gonna feel like driving like a maniac. Nicholas Cage deffinately hits a mark with this one.
B00004U2AB|5.0|American Graffiti is an absolutely wonderful movie. It is a movie that you can watch time and time again. American Graffiti is a story about teenagers who are getting ready to go off to college. It shows what they are doing on their last night. They are cruising the strip, going back to their high school for the hop, meeting new people etc... It is fun to see how many people from this movie became big stars. You need to watch closely and you will be surprised how many stars actually make appearances in this film. Get a bowl of popcorn and sit back and enjoy. The music will get your toes tapping.
B000002H6C|5.0|I listened to this cd for the first time 3 years ago, and i was devastated....i'd just listened to the most incredible works of art ever recorded on cd.  Metallica takes music to a place that it's never been before, they simply dominated on this one.  This is the blueprint for heavy metal, and even if you're just a hard rock fan, this cd will become important to you.  This is the epitomy of Metallica culture, at it's most extreme...probably one of the best albums of all time.  The fact that the songs aren't short mainstream soundbites is even more impressive.
B00004Z459|5.0|Man oh man.  Just give me a second to bask in the glorious hair-raising excitement that is &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot;.  This CD rocks, hands down.  Linkin Park is one of the few bands to sucessfully mix hip-hop and hardcore (other failing acts include Fred Durst and Limp Bizkit).  Though Chester Bennington and Mike Shinoda can rock hard enough to blow out your speakers, their vocal skills are not all centered on volume.  Shinoda can lay down vicious rhymes and stream of conciousness type raps while Bennington's hauntingly beautiful voice supplies the artistic side to the microphone duo.  Drum work is almost mechanically precise, hitting the right beat every time.  However what sells this group is their DJ.  Do not let the hack who wrote the editorial review for this album fool you, this is no sample-happy DJ.  This guy can SCRATCH.  &quot;Cure for The Itch&quot; is a danceable, hardcore rythm pounding beat, that will be stuck in your head for weeks.  Bottom line: GET THIS CD NOW.
B00000FCBC|5.0|This review refers to the second volume of this cd only. There's some really good stuff on this volume which highlights the potential and talent of Metallica as an overall Rock Band. It's an unmistakably heavy record with hits from many classic Rock Bands. Anyone who hasn't heard metallica before must start with this record. The crisp, loud, and clean Metal chords along with great rhythms makes you wanna turn up the stereo and keep your head Bangin'. BUY  THIS.
014028009X|5.0|This is one of the funniest books that I have read in a long while.  Although this is written from the point-of-view of a single woman living in the London area, anyone can relate to Bridget Jones.<br />Her daily entries which lists her daily weight, calorie count, alcohol/cigarette consumption is quite humourous especially for anyone who has ever tried to quit.<br />This is a book that you will not want to put down!
B000058983|3.0|The fact that this disc doesn't have My Little Red Book is barely tolerable, as that tune is available on numerous compilations.  But it's unforgiveable that this disc does NOT include 7 + 7 Is, which is one of the all-time great rock blasters.  This cd is more hippy-dippy,which is cool, but less crank it up rock!
B00003CXRM|5.0|This movie was hilarious from start to finish. I was born and reared in the South and without thinking understood the over-the-top way all the chararcters and dialogue were presented in this film.  I currently live in Kansas City and when I was at the movies it was painfully obvious that my friends from the South and I were the only ones who found anything in the movie even remotely humorous.  The film plays off stereotypes that everyone in the theater obviously believed to be true and found nothing funny about them.
0440217563|5.0|What a wonderful series.  Doing our own Scottish genealogy these books have really hit home.  It gives me a feel of what our own ancestors daily lives may have been.  Once you start you won't put them down.  Thank goodness I have my own Scottish lad at home, yes the Scottish traits of Jamie run through the bloodline of time.
B00000255X|4.0|Looming in the shadows of his mighty 1974 release &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot;, &quot;Desire&quot; ranks near the top of Bob Dylan's underappreciated gems. As the title suggests, the album is filled with character sketches of people left with nothing but their desire to escape a confusing world of pain and hate. &quot;Hurricane&quot; and &quot;Joey&quot; are topical overtures whose stories flow with heartfelt earnest and biographical frankness. &quot;Isis&quot; is a sprawling tall tale with a beautiful storyline. &quot;Sara&quot; is a very personal, very desperate, and very final plea to a woman who has cast aside her love for the protaganist. Though Bob's forays into world music in songs like &quot;Mozambique&quot; sound awkward at times, this album is filled with some of his greatest work since, well, &quot;Blood on th Tracks&quot;.
B0000542D1|1.0|Remove the amazing music from this movie, and you have very little, and I suppose that's the point, fun for fun's sake, like the Marx Brothers, but the Fab Four are feeble comics, kind of smarmy and drippy and constantly selling themselves (they love making lame-brain puns based on their own songs, for example).  I know this is an unpopular point of view, but I thought Hard Day's Night was a little cynical in that shameless commercial sort of way.  The old codger, Paul's relation, was irritating throughout the movie.  The only scene that was sweet and real was Ringo's encounter with the kids playing by the river.  In fact, Ringo had the subtlest and sweetest touch of the four!
0451526384|4.0|I am a big fan of Jane Austen. She has so much wit and characteristics within her characters. For one, In PRIDE AND PREJUDICE, it is apparent that a thinly disguised Jane Austen is the heroine. The romantic comedy is played fondly between Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy, but in this case, it is Anne Eliot and her former beau, Frederick Wentworth. Under &quot;persuasion&quot;, she is forced to lose her regard for him because of his low connections. Seven years past and he again re-enters her life when his sister and her husband rents Kellynch Hall, since Anne's father needed the money. She avoids meeting him, but when they had no choice in their accidental visits, he meets her with cold civility. He courts the rash and young Louisa Musgrove, but an unfortunate accident changes the direction of his eyes to fall upon Anne once more. As the begin a steady friendship, the ones they are involved with fall for others, and they reflect upon what they once had and have a pleasant life together.  Anne might not appear as strong as most of Jane Austen's characters, but she still has the firm beliefs of the world and would not allow things such as vanity or fortune to stand in the way of her happiness.
B000002VCZ|5.0|As a die hard 100% fan of APP for 25+ years now (yikes!) I have to chime in on the reviews im reading of this album.  Does it have a central theme?  Yes.  What is it?  Beats me, it's kind of under the surface, each person takes out of it what he/she sees.  Unlike very specific albums like Gaudi, Tales, Turn of a Friendly Card, this one is rather ambiguious in its theme.  If you look at the release dates of Vulture and Ammonia, you'll see quickly that they were both released the SAME YEAR.  So, after the success of Ammonia they came out in the fall with Vulture.  Days are numbers, is it my all time favorite APP song?  Yeah, i guess it is.  Of all the APP albums, i can listen to this one, dispite of mood.  Tales sets a somber mood, as does pyramid.  Gaudi and Sterotomy are very specific in their themes.  But in the end, I find this disk in my player listening to side one over and over again through the years.  My heart may be with Turn of a friendly card, or Tales, but Vulture Culture I drag out a few times a year, even 17 years after i first got it, and STILL listen to the tracks that speak to anyone who cares to listen.  At first glance, no, you dont think Vulture culture is a 5 star rating, but figure how close it was to becoming the 2nd disk in a 2 Album CD of Ammoina/Vulture, and would that make it fly any better for ya?  Cos thats what it is.  Days are Numbers not only is my fav APP song, it easly sits in my top 4-5 and any album that contains that, HAS to get an excellent rating.  Nuff said, well too much actually.
0800141326|1.0|Only the people behind ID4 would churn out such garbage like &quot;Godzilla&quot;. After all, ID4 was a real stinker too. I can't believe they took a classic character like Godzilla and mutate him into something godawful like this piece of filth that was passed off as a movie. Give me the man-in-the-rubber suit over the digitalized version any day. The writing (or should I say lack thereof?) was pretty apparent, the acting...well I've seen better acting from five year olds, and the large amount of money spent on this turkey of a movie was thrown away. At least the original Godzilla is fun and campy. The overdubbing are so ridiculous you have to laugh but the lack of acting in this modern day version is offensive to this diehard Godzilla fanatic.
0783225857|5.0|Like so many teachers, I've used the VHS version of &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot; to teach the Elements of Literature to high school students.  <br />Today, the internet has a wealth of resources to assist teachers and students using this classic adaptation of Harper Lee's novel.  The documentary, &quot;Fearful Symmetry&quot; produced in 1998 to be included on this DVD Collector's Edition, is great resource for teachers, students and all those who love and have been touched by &quot;Mockingbird.&quot; <br />The 130 minute documentary, written and directed Charles Kiselyak, both discusses how the film was made and it's general literary elements.  The film is one of the most effectively edited documentaries I have seen, linking key scenes from &quot;Mockingbird&quot; with talking heads, still photos and black and white film taken in various localities across the south.<br />The documentary narration, written by Charles Kiselyak and read with great emotion by Mary Williams, is literary and quite  sophisticated.  <br />The talking heads include: screenwriter Horton Foote, director Robert Mulligan, producer Allan J. Pakula and composer Elmer Bernstein.  Members of the cast appearing in the film: Gregory Peck (Atticus Finch), Phillip Alford (Jem), Mary Badham (Scout), Collin Wilcox (Maybella Ewell), Brock Peters (Tom Robinson) and Robert Duvall (Boo Radley).<br />Director Charles Kiselyak with the help of Harper Lee was able to get three residents to discuss their lives in Monroeville, Alabama.  A.B. Blass and Norman Barnett recall life in the small town during the depression, and Ida Gaillard, a retired high school teacher, brings an interesting perspective to what life was (may have been) like in the town Harper Lee used as the model for Maycomb.<br />The literary and social significance of the &quot;Mockingbird&quot; are discussed by black attorney, Cleophis Thomas, Jr., and Claudia Durst Johnson, author of &quot;Threatening Boundries.&quot;<br />In the DVD's printed supplement, Charles Kiselyak indicates that while Harper Lee was not willing to appear in the documentary, she was very helpful in the production.  She was thrilled with the director's plan to open the documentary with the first verse one of her favorite poems, William Blake's, &quot;Tyger:&quot;<br />Tyger, Tyger burning bright, In the forests of the night; What immoral hand or eye, Could frame they fearful symmetry,<br />Kiselyak's film discusses Lee's novel as both a way of life and a passage from innocence into experience and then back toward innocence -- &quot;Fearful Symmetry.&quot;<br />&quot;Mockingbird&quot; and it's DVD documentary will touch your soul.
B00003CXMG|5.0|&quot;Almost Famous&quot; is one of those tiny gems that doesn't see huge box-office numbers and is hardly noticed. For once, thank god for the Oscars! With it's Oscar win, this movie will finally get the attention it deserves. It is a simple film for the most part. A young boy finding himself, a worried mother letting go, a rock star realizing life isn't life, and a &quot;band-aid&quot; living her life. It is a fantastic movie! The script is one of the best of the year 2000 and the film is an over all joy.
B000059R8Y|5.0|Sit on your porch, grab a nice Chardonnay and go for it.  This album is simply magnificent.  I'm a long time Clapton fan and own every album that this dear god has put out.  Reptile is perfect.  A wonderful addition to your collection.  <br />Have mercy....
B0000542D2|5.0|I love this movie sooooo much.  But when is it coming out.  A rival site tells me it wont be on DVD until Dec. 31 2002!!! Patience is a virtue I guess.  I guess I can wait.  If anyone hears a real release date POST IT!!!!!
0812548094|5.0|I just wanted to say this is one of the best series I have read in a long time. It has everything. I have to disagree when someone said it is like Robert Jorden's books. Robert Jorden killed off characters left and right leaving himself stuck needing some of those characters later on. Terry Goodkin was true to everyone one of the books in the Sword of Truth series.
0345347951|5.0|First of all, I won't compare this book to any of Clarke's others. This is a work that promotes thought on what man's next step as a species is. The theory of evolution, for those of you who believe in it, is filled with missing links - steps that species take in their development that seem too large to be explained. Maybe these steps can't be explained, but are simply mutations. Mutations need not be viewed in a strictly negative light. Man has evolved through the millenia, and will continue to. Childhood's End describes man's next step in the evolutionary cycle, and how it affects existing humans and the planet earth. The story left me with a sad, empty feeling, causing me to contemplate what the next step in man's evolution really will be.
B000056K04|4.0|Dave Matthews Band has created another excellent CD. It's not exactly their sound, yet it's still pretty cool. It's different.It's more of a rock feel. At first I must admit that I had a difficult time adapting to their new sound, but I am slowly getting into it. If you like their old stuff, I would say listen to &quot;THe Space Between&quot; first. EIther way, Dave will always be a ledgend. Red Rocks is still on the top of my list.
0790741164|1.0|This movie is pure slander and libel against a man--Claw Shaw--who was found innocent in a court of law. Would those rating this movie highly care if, after they were dead, I made a movie claiming they had killed John Lennon or Tupac Shakur? That this movie ever got a budget from a major movie studio is highly highly disturbing. But, of course, ........ will probably think my pointing this out is too controversial for my review to be posted. More controversial than Oliver Stone accusing an innocent man of murder. I'm glad his and Kevin Costner's movie careers have slid into the abyss. It's what both men deserve for slandering Clay Shaw. If you want to read the true story of the Kennedy Assasination, read Gerald Posner's book CASE CLOSED. Oswald killed Kennedy, and he was a lone gunman.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Q: What do you get when you mix the best elements of rock, techno, and classical music with one part raw talent and two parts artistic genius?<br />   A: OK Computer: the best album ever
6303168507|1.0|What happened in Deutschland during last century was very unfortunate. Especially if you were Jewish. It is not something to be taken lightly. However, there is a tragedy in the twentieth century that we are still dumbing down our media for sales. History should be left to qualified and balanced observers.<br />There are many ways to murder people. It is easy to point the finger at someone with blood on his jackboots. Much harder to find the person who regularly adjusted the accounts book and drove a family or a society into poverty and starvation.The Deustche people were merely trying to assert their power in the world in the same way that the British were doing. Let's not forget the millions of slaves that Britain referred to as &quot;subjects&quot; working in the concentration camp called Asia. Why hasn't anyone made more than one decent film about these people? WE've seen the Nazi story a hundred times - and better produced by far. Why not address the Bosnian Genocide as it happens?<br />This is media manipulation at it's worst. Dehumanising one side for effect and exaggerating the humanity of the film-maker's side. If you want an emotional wake for dead ancestors or relatives you are welcome to sit through this for three hours. Nobody should be mocking the nasty things that happened here. More balanced individuals may find a more accurate historical account in the 1940's film called The Young Lions. This addresses many of the issues on both sides in a humanitarian ways. Not least the factor of Jewish resolute non-integration with other societies ethics and inbreeding problems resulting thereof.
B00004RITP|3.0|It is of no surprise that I was almost bitterly dissapointed to blow off 16 bucks for this CD(this is like a half month's wage for a collage student like me).Mahler's last work is a work &quot;fully prepared in sketch&quot; and don't be surprised if there is people like me who thinks this work is incomparable to other great works like symphonies 2,5,9,Das lied von die Erde or Songs of a Wayferer.The symphony's structure is uneven,particularly the bizarrely abstract &quot;Scherzo&quot; and the dissapointingly short(or rather,brief)&quot;Purgatorio(allegretto moderato)&quot;.In addition,the emotional intensity in movements 1 and 4 are violently &quot;ruined&quot; by unnecessary mood shiftings.I know this &quot;trend&quot; is present in other Mahler symphonies,but the mood changes are often doesn't match the previous theme or simply doesn't make sense.    The imperfections present in this work is not Mahler's own fault due to the fact this is his very last work and he died before he could even revised it again or &quot;complete&quot; it.Symphony no 10 is no less significant than his other works.The intro of the first movement is probably Mahler's most touching moment,despite the missing trademark dark viola parts to add the touch.The Purgatorio is one of my favourite movements with the sombre melancholic rouze of lower strings with clarinets,although again,dissapointingly short.The final movement is dark and gloomy,with the unearthly flute melody the highlight of this symphony(was it because he discovered wife already had an affair?!).The bass drum beat which was supposed to haunt this movement like a cruel twist of fate is not convincing enough to fright listeners.Over all,it is a good addition to &quot;Mahlerians&quot; music library,with superb interpretation by Sir Simon Rattle and the Berlin Philharmonic.However,if you're looking for another Symphony no 5 or 9,I advise you to borrow it from someone or consider it carefully before buying.And for newbies,don't be fooled by the Grammy winning hype(note:for mature listeners only).
B000002KKX|5.0|Christopher Cross, on the whole, is not the world's greatest songwriter or musician.  However, he does seem to know how to reach the soul.  This album, a Grammy winner, is exactly that because of one song, &quot;Sailing&quot;.  That song is not only a part of my childhood, but it serves as one of the best songs to relax and reminisce to around.  Buy the album specifically for that song, and it will be worth your money in the long run...
B00004TLMC|5.0|You cant value a Kubrick film by just seeing it one time! Youre wrong! I know what are you thinking because I hated this movie the first time i saw it too, but if you are a TRUE Kubrick FAN you should know that Kubrick films need to be watched more than just one time! thats Kubrick intention, thats the way I loved Kubrick, thats the way I loved his films, heck! thats the way I loved 2001, because Kubrick isnt (wasnt sniff) a conventional director, he is a genious, he wanted you to go and get the real value of all his movies, like a scientist: you have to understand the Formula. So I beg you friends... Please, PLEASE, dont call yourself a HUGE Kubrick Fan if you just see one of his movies once, and call it immediatly &quot;garbage&quot; . Thats not the goal that Kubrick intended.
B000008H1R|5.0|a gem from the days when Ian Anderson was not afraid to enter into a collaboration with his band - the album has all the sense of discovery that later over-produced albums lack. The result is a hard rock album with a lightness and fluidity that is surprising when you realize how rich, layered, and textured this music is.    There is a definite psychodelic character to the music which combines nicely with exploratory nature of this work. BUt the songs move along nicely and over-all the album is quite energetic and above all else up-lifting.  <br />Make no mistakle about it, many later albums are far 'tighter' and have better transitions, but i frankly wouldn't give the whole stack of them for this one album. (ANd spare me, for god's sake, the relentless syncopation that became so over done on later albums).  <br />I must agree with the earlier review that dismisses 'Son' as a bit heavy-handed, and i can't quite listen to it either. But &quot;Inside&quot; is so flowing and exuberant, it approachs a folk-rock ballad.<br />There are so many finely-textured songs on this album, i won't belabor the point. Suffice it to say that this is one of the few albums i can listen to some 30 years later with as much apprecciation and joy as i did in the 70's. THis is a great and timeless work! If only Ian could have kept this freshness in his later work...<br />Enjoy!
B00005A1PR|5.0|My first impression I got when listening to this album was that India.Arie had come to fill in the absence of Tracy Chapman. This is not to say that this album is not original, because by today's standards, it is as original as it gets. There is a message on almost every song. I wish that more artists would use music to convey messages. There is not one bad track on this entire CD. My favorites are Video, Promises, Brown Skin, Strength, Courage And Wisdom, I See God In You and Part Of My Life.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I purchased India.Arie's new Album &quot;Acoustic Soul&quot; today and it is in my opinion, a must buy for people with all musical tastes.  India.Arie's musical talent can be felt through her song lyrics as well as her instrumental performance.  Everyone that is interested in her music should check out her official website at [...]  India.Arie will always be India.Arie and I am glad she is here to sing her songs to all the people of the world.
0694517992|3.0|RE: AUDIO TAPE VERSION.  This story reminds me of a professor I had who would grade the first page or two of a paper with, &quot;Excellent analysis, A+&quot;, but then on succeeding pages, &quot;You should have stopped here: B&quot; and then, &quot;You've overreached and lost focus: final grade: C-&quot;.  Robinson has earned a mark of &quot;very average&quot; by substituting quantity for quality.  His editors stumbled also since several lengthy episodes could have been cut not only because they failed to advance the plot, but they simply weren't believable.  The audio performance was consistent and generally entertaining but became tiresome due to the excessive length.  And Finally, does anyone else have a problem with the title?  &quot;Nimitz Class&quot; lacks flair and misrepresents a story more about submarines than carriers.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I purchased India.Arie's new Album &quot;Acoustic Soul&quot; today and it is in my opinion, a must buy for people with all musical tastes.  India.Arie's musical talent can be felt through her song lyrics as well as her instrumental performance...  India.Arie will always be India.Arie and I am glad she is here to sing her songs to all the people of the world.
0446310786|5.0|This book is an absolute masterpiece!....If you haven't read it....READ IT NOW!
B00003CXHJ|5.0|A couple of things to take note of regarding this movie: 1. Sound Quality: This DVD is encoded with the DTS (the best available right now)format and its sound quality is superb. The action scenes make you feel like you are right in the middle of the action. I can't fathom anyone making derogatory remarks about the sound. Running this DVD with Boston Acoustics speakers and a Velodyne sub; the depth charges rattled the window!!! If you have trouble with the sound on this DVD, I highly recommend you check to see if your HT is hooked up correctly!! 2. The story: This story is not historically accurate of the Enigma capture. WHO CARES. This is not a movie for the History Chanel, it is a Hollywood action/drama. If you have a vested interest in the historical accuracy then you won't like this film. If you are looking for a good hollywood production with a story line a little different from the typical car chase crap then this is for you.
B000056V73|5.0|When this movie first came out in the theaters I really didn't have a huge desire to see it.  I knew that it was getting great reviews, especially acting wise, but I passed on it.  How stupid was I?  After seeing Kate Hudson win several awards, including the Golden Globe, and then get a nomination got me interested.  I love Goldie Hawn, and Kate is a whole new version of her.  How great to have another Goldie(but make no mistake Kate is her own woman) around. So Friday I decided to rent it, and put off watchigni t until about ten P.M.  thinking I'd be bored and fall asleep.  Wow!  I had no idea.  I was hooked right from the begining.  Laughing outlouad as Frances McDormand hit the screen in a fabulous performance worthy of the nomination for Best Supt. Actress she got.  Not long after came Kate Hudson, making the character of Penny Lane her own right from the start.  Immediately I loved this character, and completely forgot she was Goldie Hawn's daughter.  She was sweet, loving, and probably the most loved character in the show.  The boy was great, and Billy Crudup was wow!  Where did he come from.  Yet, whenever Ms. Penny Lane wasn't on I was longing for her to show up, and so excited when she did.  She rocked throughout.  She showcased this great person, yet when she gets her heartbroken which almost ends in tragedy, I felt myself litterally praying for this character.  Cameron Crowe has created one of the best films ever.  As soon as this movie hits a more reasonalbe price, well, I'm adding it as fast as I can to the collection.  Furthermore, Kate has gained herself a new fan, and this is because of her acting skills and her exceptional performance, not because she is Goldie's daughter.  I truly believe Kate was robbed for Best. Suppt. Actress and was shouting at the screen.  She deserved so badly.  But then I thought, look at it this way, this is technically her fourth film in which she is a lead, and in only four films she gets that kind of recognition, and inonly two years.  I have a big feeling that soon Kate will be back at the Academy Awards sooner rather than later, and I predict she'll walk away with one of those Oscars in the very near future, just like her Proud Mamma, who has every right to proud.
B00004X01U|4.0|I've liked many Madonna songs over the years and have always marvelled at her ability to reinvent herself over and over. This album is no exception -- once again, she makes other pop stars look like amateurs as she puts together another hip album.  I'm not a techno or trance fan, but this music is very accessible even for those of us confessed &quot;old bags&quot; who only listen to a small amount of pop music.  She's just good!  There are tons of great songs with all sorts of neat effects. Every once in a while I felt like a song was going to turn into Funky Town, but maybe that's just to show how much older I am than the new generation of Madonna fans -- I like La Isla Bonita and Express Yourself the best.<br />If you've ever liked Madonna, then don't hesitate to buy this dancy and fun album.
1555211976|5.0|I'm not sure which edition I'm doing a review for. Personally, I have the Dorset hardback edition (big book, large print, very nice!). As long as the copy you have has ALL of his works, then it's 5 stars, easy. I haven't read everything by him, but I'm working on it. I have finished all of his poems since they're at the front of the book. My favorite poems are: The Raven, The Conqueror Worm, El Dorado, and one that is often forgotten--Dream-Land. Have you ever heard the line (from the latter poem): &quot;I have reached these lands but newly/From an ultimate dim Thule--/From a wild wierd clime that lieth, sublime,/ Out of SPACE--out of TIME.&quot; You'll find that quoted mostly in fantasy and science fiction. As for his stories, I REALLY like (so far): The Murders on the Rue Morgue, A Tale of Jerusalem, William Wilson, King Pest, and ESPECIALLY Bon-Bon, which is absolutely hilarious. If you ever plan on being a writer, you MUST be familiar with this author to some degree. I wouldn't imitate his writing style by any means, but you can't deny that he is easily one of the most influential writers of our time.
B00000BKE1|3.0|Y'know what, this ain't that bad. Sure, it doesn't compare to the likes of Powerslave or Number Of The Beast, but if you're a Maiden fan then you'll like it. It's definately better than No Prayer For The Dying. The first 4 songs are all really good but Childhood's End and Wasting Love are not so good. As far as Wasting Love goes, Maiden have done much better quiet songs, including Afraid To Shoot Strangers which is also on this album. The Fugitive and Chains Of Misery are better, although they are by no means Maiden classics. The rest of the album continues in a very similar manner, and to be honest with you, quite a few songs feel like fillers. Judas Be My Guide is similar to a lot of stuff done with Paul Di'Anno all those years before, while Weekend Warior is a very diffferent song to most Iron Maiden songs. It's very groovy and more is more hard-rock than metal (as I said, very different to a lot of Maiden stuff). The album finishes with Fear Of The Dark, undoubtably the best song on the album. This is the only real classic that lives up to Maiden's 80's heyday.<br />Altogether, this is only really good if you're already a Maiden fan, but at the same time, it is more than a collection completer. Bruce's voice isn't as good as it was before and while Janick Gers is a good guitarist, he is no real match for Adrian Smith and doesn't really have the bond with the rest of the band that Smith did. He's still OK though. I don't recommend this to casual fans or newcomers, but altogether, this is a much better album than I thought it would be.
6304119046|5.0|Talk all you want to about the symbolism, the innovative camera angles for the time, the different look and feel, the superb acting and directing on the part of Orson Welles. What really made this movie great was the ending. I won't tell you the ending, as that would hopelessly ruin your pleasure of seeing it. Speaking of the ending, it has got to be one of the most powerful endings that I've seen--but you have to be patient. Everything from the dialogue to the camera angle, EVERYTHING is PERFECT in that ending. Some people say how the ending in the Sixth Sense was good, but the Sixth Sense is NOTHING compared to the ending in this movie. But the movie's basic message is this: The most significant things in life are things that are seemingly insignificant. One reason why this movie is so powerful is because it was based on a real person. Most of us knew or now know that this movie is modeled after the life of William Randolph Hearst. They say that this movie is the best movie of the century, but this is one of those movies where if you deleted the ending or changed it in any way, it would go from a five star movie to a three star movie or less, really quick. Yes, this movie is very slow, something you could only bear to watch maybe once a year or two, if that. Sometimes once is enough. If you haven't seen it, give it a try. Don't expect some sing-song, happy happy joy joy 40's movie with Fred Astaire. Nope. This movie is very dark and haunting, but very powerful. See it at once.
B000059R8Y|2.0|THIS CD IS FOR ALL THE MELLOW ERIC FANS,WHICH I DON`T TEND TO BE.I LIKE ERIC BEST WHEN HE IS PLAYING HIS GUITAR HIS BLUESY BEST AND THIS CD DOES NOT GET IT.5 STARS FOR THIS.YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME.OH I KNOW THAT ALOT OF YOU PEOPLE THAT WRITE REVIEWS DO THE POPULAR THING AND ALWAYS SAY HOW GREAT A CD IS TO GET POINTS,BUT PEOPLE LETS BE HONEST,THIS IS NOT A GREAT CD.STAY WITH ERIC`S OLDER STUFF,AS HE IS RUNNING OUT OF GOOD TUNES.
B000056K04|3.0|I would rather have rated this a three and a half star album. I agree with most of the other reviewers on the fact that the album does take a few runs through before it finally starts to grow on you, most likely becuase the style of music is a big change of style. After first listening to the album I thought that Dave had sold out big time, but on closer examentations alot of his lyrics are very similar to his older stlye, and there are hints of &quot;old dave&quot; style throughout the album. Overall I would still anyday choose a good live album from DMB's past such as &quot;listener supported&quot;( A great version of #41), over this new album.
B00000DCHI|4.0|This was the first Billy Joel album I bought, and it didn't take long until I fell in love with it. Songs like &quot;Piano Man&quot; &quot;Movin' Out&quot; &quot;Scenes&quot; &quot;You May Be Right&quot; and &quot;Still Rock 'N Roll&quot; you simply can't get enough of. So after enjoying this album, I bought some of Billy's other albums, and I think if you only buy the greatest hits ablbum, you'll still be missing out on some of Joel's best songs. Where's &quot;Summer Highland Falls&quot;? What about &quot;All For Leyna&quot; and &quot;Sometimes a Fantasy&quot;? &quot;James&quot;? &quot;This Night&quot;? So I think this is a decent album for a casual fan, but to fully appreciate Joel's stuff, pick up &quot;Turnstiles&quot; or &quot;The Stranger&quot;(which is mostly on the Greatest Hits album, but is a lot cheaper). &quot;Songs in the Attic&quot; is a great intro to his early stuff. And the recently releases &quot;Millenium Concert&quot; ain't too shabby, either.
6305095566|5.0|Man, this is the BEST horror movie ever made, and I locve VHS. This movie have to be in all the horror fan's home! You gotta buy this SCARY MOVIE!!
1573225517|5.0|I feel like I know Rob Zimmerman.  In fact, I do know Rob Zimmerman.  He's every guy I've ever dated. . .heck, he's every guy I've ever known.  Hornby has so vividly illustrated how men think, that I'm sure a lot of guys feel the way David Copperfield must have after the Masked Magician revealed all his secrets.<br />Hornby's writing is hilariously entertaining.  I read the book (against my usually hard and fast rule) after seeing the movie, and I still laughed out loud, even though I knew what was coming next.  I can't wait to read more of Hornby's work.
B00003CWHS|5.0|Buy it now, man! This is an numerated (limited) edition and ya have to buy it now. If you are an fan, you'll LOVE this one!!<br />COME GET SOME!
B000002JS8|5.0|One of the best, (if not THE best), works of the late Bon Scott era of AC/DC, this CD continues the beat in the line of albums including &quot;Let There Be Rock&quot;, &quot;Powerage&quot;, and &quot;High Voltage&quot;. A five star classic, the highlight of course is &quot;Highway to Hell&quot; a major staple in all AC/DC Concerts. I just saw my fourth AC/DC concert , and this number brought the house DOWN.<br />The other concert fav is &quot;Shot Down in Flames&quot;, another classic AC/DC cut. Other major cuts include &quot;Girls Got Rhythm&quot; AND &quot;If You Want Blood (You've Got It)&quot;, the last also the title of their first &quot;live&quot; album.<br />This is pure AC/DC at there best. With the pedigree of this band, (Vanda/Young productions, the older brother of the the AC/DC guitarists were members of the EASYBEAT's (&quot;Friday on my Mind&quot;), you can't go wrong with this classic album of the 70's.<br />With the clone rock of this generation, its nice to see some of the originators still sell out.<br />A good buy!
6305841861|5.0|Just loose for the first evil dead, baby!! This movie is VERY cool. Isnt serious like the first one, it have a lot of fun (but a lot of scary things too). Talkin' about the extras, ow man!! It have the trailer, MANY photos, comentary, an making-of and much more things. Is 5.1 and is GROOVY!!<br />COME GET SOME!!
B00000IAU3|5.0|I like this album, although have really yet to listen to it.  I took some of the other reviews to heart while reviewing this album.  The song &quot;All You Want&quot; is a good song, along with &quot;Here With Me&quot; and especially &quot;Thank You&quot;(great song),(Better when it's not in Eminem's song Stan), this album refuses to die, after 45 weeks at #4, and the single &quot;Thank You&quot; currently at #6, and a good video to go with the song.  Finally we are being introduced to a new female artist with a great an gentle voice, how she was ignored by the Grammy's is a big mystery.  I compare her to Sarah Mclachlan for a couple reasons, her voice and songwriting, both women are great at both, and both have to ability to rip your heart out with their painful but haunting voices.  I think I will continue to like Dido even more as she keep releasing songs from this album, by the way why didn't she sing with Eminem at the Grammys, but keep bringing out quality music, because you have a new fan, just no more duets with Eminem.
0783227434|4.0|Is the worst in the series, but this one is very good. The dvd isnt good, bcause it have only the trailer....<br />BUY IT NOW!!
B00000BKE1|4.0|I can't understand why people talk so much trash about Janick. This album is a great album. There are some great songs on here. Janick is a damn good guitar player. I have been playing myself for 7 years and I'm sure he's probably a whole lot better than the people who criticize his playing. Besides in my opinion Dave Murray is the heart and soul of the Maiden guitar sound anyway. Well enough defending Janick. Anyway, about the songs. They are all pretty good. I guess The Apparition and Fear is the Key could be considered fillers (my reason for only 4 stars) but they are Maiden which makes them pretty decent. Be Quick, Fear of the Dark, Afraid to Shoot Strangers are the classics and in many cases the reason people buy this album. Judas Be My Guide was one song that surprised me. I love that song, I haven't had the CD long enough to decide whether or not it's my favorite off this one. The Fugitive, Wasting Love, Chains of Misery, Childhoods End, and Weekend Warrior are all great Maiden songs. Even Adrian fans should give it a chance. If not for anything else check it out because it's Maiden.
0780626966|5.0|With one extra bonus dvd, the enciclopedia. Buy it!!
0553579908|5.0|The first book in the series was fantastic and I eagerly looked forward to the second in the series, A Clash of Kings.  I only hoped the same high standard would be applied in the second book and I was not disappointed.  Character development continued on a high level and the political intrigue that ran throughout the book kept you continually guessing what would happen next.<br />I had read most of the major fantasy series but this book and all the others in the series seemed destined to stand with other greats of the genre.<br />The author's style is very evocative with sights and smells of battle almost jumping from the page.  I would recommend this book highly to anyone, not just those familiar with the fantasy genre.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|I'm talkin' about the scariest movie ever mede, the best movie of all times. This DVD have MANY extras. Trailer, MANY photos, delected scenes and much more. [....] <br />BUY IT, OR THE DEADITES WILL SMALLOW YOUR SOUL!!
B0000542D2|5.0|One of the most energetic, frenzied, funny, slapsticky rock 'n roll movies ever made. Recently released in theaters, the print was beautiful, and the songs sounded perfect!  <br />I caught it at the downtown art house-theater, and asked them to crank it up a notch. We were not disappointed. It was great to hear the old songs again, and the boys looked spiffy in their suits. One forgets the many subtleties in the film and the era in whch it was shot in. <br />Its hard to watch and not start missing Johnny all over again. What a presence he was.
B000002MIB|4.0|This is pretty cool example of how tight Van Halen really is.  The songs are as good if not better than the studio recordings--the stage is the only place where you can create that special energy. <br />My only complaint is that Sammy slaughtered the Dave stuff(chanting Right Now in the middle section of Panama!?!  How cheesy is that!)  Sam IMO doesn't come close to Diamond David Lee Roth, but he does a great job anyways.  Check this sucka out!
B00005A1PR|2.0|India's intentions are appreciated but I think that she misses  the mark. The music is very good but the lyrics are a little too simple to be profound. A good departure from the current state of R&amp;B which lacks substance and creativity, but not enough to make me play over and over like &quot;Mama's Gun&quot;. All the songs are anti-climactic, and no one stands out above the rest, but India's  calming voice makes you listen 'til the end. Sophmore effort will probably be better.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I was really impressed with this CD it is a must have.  My favorite on the CD is brown skin.
B00005A1PR|2.0|India's intentions are appreciated but I think that she misses  the mark. The music is very good but the lyrics are a little too simple to be profound. A good departure from the current state of R&amp;B which lacks substance and creativity, but not enough to make me play over and over like &quot;Mama's Gun&quot;. All the songs are anti-climactic, and no one stands out above the rest, but India's  calming voice makes you listen 'til the end. Sophmore effort will probably be better.
B000002J2D|5.0|The end of the Beginning? Or the beginning of the End? Maybe a little of both. Being an AVID fan of earlier Genesis, one can truly ascertain that though it's not quite as 'proggish' as earlier efforts (try going back to 'Trespass'...pre-Phil Collins!), it's not remotely as poppy as 'Invisible Touch' &amp; 'We Can't Dance'...but Follow You, Follow Me was a great ka-chinger, and a winding sign of things to come. There is some extraordinarily beautiful keyboard work here, lush &amp; lavish with layered 9th &amp; 13th chords that make one's heart soar...as Tony's magic touch usually does. Phil was probably 27 or 28 at the time, and still not 'well-sung' as of yet having only a few years to front the band vocally...he sounds better and better &quot;...with each passing year&quot;, and this album is no exception. As I understand it, he was going through some rocky personal times with a strained marriage from months of touring...I duly commend his efforts (not to mention his no-less-than-amazing percussive endeavors). Mike...well, Mike is my guitar/bass/Taurus pedals mentor, me being a guitarist myself. You can hear here the style of instrumentation throughout the record that it was written by 3 guys on 3 main instruments; the guitarist using the bass pedals to cover the low end. It is a wonderful record, not to mention somewhat of a 'gutsy' songwriting approach that was new to band members and fans alike.<br />For anyone new to this band, it is a good pivotal point in the bands 30-year history...if you like what you hear, you would probably like much of their past and future efforts from this standpoint. There's a meticulous charm that's captured here never to be repeated again. Enjoy.......
B00003CXMG|5.0|I saw this film twice, both times on long inter-continental plane rides. Maybe it was fated that I watch this show when I had alot of time to do nothing but think, because this is one movie that seems light-weight at first, but before you know it, you are rivetted to the screen and completely absorbed. And my mind was reeling after the show ended. I could not help but relate it somehow to my own experience of youth, the idealism of youth and what you re doing now with your life. If you are one who has had music play a significant part of your growing up life, and have spent hours infront of a turntable with headphones or the modern-day equivalent, you will likely enjoy and appreciate this film. The actors are superb and a completely original storyline (funny to say that for a film based on the 70s.) but it is nothing like other films depicting that era. This one will surely stand the test of time. Go see it!
B00000099Y|5.0|i get annoyed when people call tool &quot;metal&quot;.ive never in all my time listening to them thought of them as metal.they are something all their own.to me metal is,and has always been more defined by the attitude than the music.this is what metal fans dont get.heavy metal has always been a turn off for me due the fact that most of the bands are very sexist,macho and homophobic.it also seems that the anger and pain that these bands try to put across in the lyrics and music comes off as contrived and fake.so in the end i cant relate to these rock stars who date supermodals and live in mansions,yet sing of the hardships in their lives and i cant relate to the music that they make.tool are none of the above.they are guys who are in it for the music and nothing else.they have something to say(alot,actually).the music lyrics and vocals combine to create a wonderfull balance between anger,rage and compassion.alot of bands (korn,limp bizket),have the anger and rage, but witheout the compassion the anger comes off as hollow and forced.maynard james keenan said that this band is not here to create background music to listen to while doing the dishes.they make music that is supposed to help you think.so dont call them metal.just call them good.
B00001SIES|4.0|This is as powerful a debut album as you're likely to hear.A singer with a truly amazing voice-adept at angry,deep and the highest falsetto.Guitar playing that's both melodic,loud,angry,full of power-chords and is also adept at the sweeping gentle chords also.A bass and rhythm section that hold the music together wonderfully and most amazingly on the incredible song &quot;Showbiz&quot;.Yeah I like this c.d. and I also think Muse have a great future.You should see them live for one unforgetable experience.<br /> One of the annoying things I find is the way they have been dogged with Radiohead comparisons from the very start.Yes there are certain similarities with the music and I would say they both share many fans.I think Muse are way better then any copycat band.There are too many good songs on this c.d. fpr people to be comparing them to any one other group.This c.d. has manged to produce many minor hit singles in the U.K.From the 12 tracks I would say at least 8 are excellent.The songs tend to build up from a quiet start to a full-blown noisy crescendo and they often end with a simple,queit piano chord.Matt Bellamy's voice tends to soar to the higher notes during these quieter moments.The lyrics are all full of angst,anger and the songs tend to tell stories of loss.<br />  I have to admit it took me a while to like this c.d. but it really grows on you after a while.None of the songs are very commercial.Having said that, this c.d. has lasted longer in my c.d. then my average c.d.The highlights for me are the first song &quot;Sunburn&quot;,which starts of with a swirling piano,meanders into a louder guitar section with Bellamy showing the full range of his vocal ability and then finishes off with the swirling piano.Song 5,&quot;Cave&quot; has a great guitar riff throughout the song and drifts effortlessly from quiet to loud.The song strutures are not your average verse,chorus formula.Song 6,&quot;Showbiz&quot; starts off with the heavy thud of bass drum and bass guitar.This song builds and builds with the vocals soaring higher and higher until it reaches a frenetic and emotional climax and then for good measure reverts back to the sounds of the start of the song.&quot;Unintended&quot; is a quiter gentle ballad.It surprises you in that it never gets to have a loud section at all.Vocally it isn't far off the brilliant Jeff Buckley.&quot;Uno&quot; starts off with the sound of guitar feedback-lyrically I found it to be one of the more angry songs on the c.d.-actually it's almost spiteful.<br /> There is hardly a weak song on this c.d.The problem for Muse will be to come up with a follow up that is nearly as good as this.They are a group to watch out for and this c.d. deserves a place in the collections of people who like good alternative rock music.
B000002P2W|4.0|The Who By Numbers was the band's least ambitious record in a decade: no rock operas, no concept albums, no lost chords, no radio jingles. Instead Pete Townshend presented the rest of the group with a dozen demos, from which they selected the material for the album. Yet in doing so the Who managed to record as cohesive an album as they'd ever done. In 1975 Pete was on the verge of a self-loathing depression; Keith was an alcoholic; Roger felt put upon by the rest of the band; and John was distanced from Townshend and Moon, two of his former best friends. The entire group was fed up with Hollywood glitz and excess (the Tommy film had been made the year before), yet felt uneasy with family life. It's all here in the songs, given splendid, desperate, furious performances. This is Keith's last great moment. It's not one for the teens -- you need to have lived a little bit to really appreciate The Who By Numbers, but once you have, it has a way of grabbing you and not letting go. Frankly, I find it a better record than Quadrophenia, even if I'd grudgingly admit that the latter is the grander 'concept'.
B000002BMD|5.0|I can't comprehend why this band is not more popular in the U.S. This is a fantastic album (as is &quot;This is My Truth, Tell Me Yours&quot;). Beautiful songwriting and beautiful sounds. &quot;A Design for Life&quot; just might be the best song I've ever heard.
B000002OX5|4.0|Sgt Pepper? Bah! Piper At The Gates Of Dawn? Puh-leeze! Are You Experienced? Hmm, well ... But for me the best album of 1967, and indeed one of my favourites of all time, is this vibrant record that literally defines power pop. This is the first Who album that's packed with great SONGS: 'Mary Anne With The Shaky Hands', 'I Can See For Miles', 'Tattoo', 'Our Love Was, Is', 'Sunrise' ... classics all. The radio jingle concept -- like you're listening to a pirate radio station that just happens to play all Who, all the time -- is very endearing, and the Entwistle/Moon spoofs 'Medac' and 'Heinz Baked Beans' are hysterical. If you're a fan of the Who playing crunchy rock, well, that's here, but there's also textures and variety that wouldn't shame the Beatles. All that, and one of the greatest album covers of all time. The remaster adds a whole slew of outtakes, which are okay but not a patch on the original album. Better sound, though.
0790729652|5.0|BATMAN: fantasy action comic book story; dark character archetype with the Underworld of Hades; great archetype with the Joker too; the city being a jungle analogy; cool gadgets; Keaton did a good job playing a twisted dark hero wrestling with his past; and, of course, Jack Nicholsan was great as the Joker.
0451169514|5.0|This book blew me away.  Never before have I read a book where the craft of story telling was so wonderfully executed.  A tale of seven outcasts, drawn together by the terror of It, an unimaginable creature stalking the sewers of their hometown, Derry.  At times, this story had me laughing, especially at Richie's voices... whilst other parts had my heart beating at breakneck speed.  It is a truly scary book.  The characters are just unbelievable, and as you read the novel you will be drawn into their lives, share their triumphs and sympathise with their downfalls.  <br />The end is a slight anti-climax, although I could not imagine how King got the book this far anyway.  He is a true genius!  The very end of the novel left me sad... if you read it you will know why.  Nevertheless this is absolutely brilliant.  The best novel I have ever read.
B00005221M|5.0|LAST OF THE MOHICANS: great costume effects for colonial times; excellent costumes on the American Indians; plush countryside visuals; beautiful women; lusty men; excellent overlap of the main story with the culture and values of the Indians; based on a short story from the 1930s
0880389052|5.0|This is the greatest book i have ever read. If you like fantasy and adventure, get this book! The two bst things about this book are:1.It's not good guy vs. bad guy.  2. The characters develop so much during this book. Salvatore makes you read and read and read! Even if it's 5:00 in the morning, and you have to get up for work in one hour, you're gonna keep reading. This is the greatest Salvatore book, and the beginning of the Drizzt Do'Urden Saga.
B00004Y6NX|5.0|This is a great album, Dire Straits best.  Blows their first two albums away.  Solid all around, except Les Boys (which isn't terrible)...hey, nothing's perfect.  But, this is about as close as you can get.  Still great, even after 20 years.  There are very few albums I can listen to all the way through that I listened to 20 years ago -- this is one.  I agree with one of the other reviewers who said:  if you only buy one Straits album, this is the one.
0684867621|4.0|In this book, King once again shows his ability to write a convincing younger character. This tale of survival in the New England woods shows the King that gets right to the action; a short novel unlike so many of his recent bloated epics that could have used some judicious editing.<br />Our heroine, Trisha McFarland, decides to leave the constant arguing of her divorced mother and unhappy older brother by taking a bathroom break while on a hike in the woods. She quickly gets turned around and ends up wandering farther than anyone can imagine. This is the essence of King's story. Her intelligence, love for her father, and her everlasting faith in Red Sox closer Tom Gordon are all she has to sustain her. Will it be enough? If King had just avoided his philosophical concepts of &quot;the subaudible&quot;(you'll see) and an unnecessary evil &quot;presence&quot; this book might have stood alongside &quot;The Body&quot; as one of King's better short works. As it is, it  should captivate the King fan and perhaps is a good choice for those who say &quot;Stephen King&quot; with an air of disdain.
B000002UAU|5.0|Being born 22 years after Sgt. Pepper was recorded, I know some people feel as if my opinion doesn't count. It does. The Beatles played a big influnce on bands of today, some with their love songs, others with their fun, and still yet others with their complete nonsense, many of the older groups a child when the Beatles broke up. Sgt. Pepper is a mix of everything the Beatles wrote. From the fun tune of Sgt. Pepper, to the Middle East Within You Without You, to the just plain whacked up A Day in the Life. If this band is still making an impact on society 20 years later, you know they had to have been good. How many other bands are still selling albums to 12 year olds?
B000002UB6|5.0|Time and time again I find myself returning to Let It Be more than any other Beatles album (with the possible exception of Abbey Road).  I think this is their most listenable effort with none of the stifling studio manipulation that bogged down their later releases.  This one is unique for have a drunken, rough around the edges charm on songs like Maggie Mae, One after 909 and Dig a Pony. It is also my opinion that Let It Be does not suffer for not including the last Beatles single, &quot;You Know My Name, Look Up the Number&quot;, which can be found on Past Masters Volume 2.  All in all, a great album by a great band.
B00003CX6P|1.0|This is a bitterly disappointing film, which is a shame. While it is indeed a handsome, lushly filmed movie, it drags on with precious little to keep the viewer interested. I felt as if there would be some plot twist around each corner, but as the films trails along in a snail's pace, you're left wondering why one should care about Tom Ripley or the shallow, vain people he so desperately wants to be a part of. I looked forward to watching this film, and while I have known people who love this film, I cannot lavish praise on it because it leaves you hanging, and themes and plots that are developed are never fulfilled.
B0000025GW|5.0|OF all albums this is the one i most wanted to review. Why? controversy, thats why. Dylan going god! who would ever believe it.  The content is viscious Dylans voice nasty and judgefull. Still this creates my third favourite Dylan album ever.  (blood on tracks + highway 61 first) The best songs I belive in You, Gotta serve somebody and the flamboyant title track are classics. This album has something about it. Something wonderfull, something inventfull. Words can not describe what an album like this does to you. Not a bad song on the record and thats sayin something. Seems the answer as Q magazine put it s no longer blowin in the wind, its written....in the bible!
6303477259|5.0|Like most Floyd fans, I enjoyed Delicate Sound of Thunder as a satisfying live Floyd concert video...but then came &quot;PULSE&quot;.... and made DSoT pale in comparison.  From the opening &quot;Shine On...&quot; to the explosive closing of &quot;Run Like Hell&quot; your visual and auditory senses are assaulted with essentially the best of &quot;Division Bell&quot;, a small taste of &quot;The Wall&quot; and &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot;..but the cream of the concert is the complete performance of &quot;The Dark Side of the Moon&quot;!!!<br />The light and laser show that accompany the songs, as well as the inclusion of filmed shorts make the whole experience mesmerising.  There are so many great moments in the video, such as Gilmore's solo in &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; blares on as the lights cascade off the separating glitter ball, the computer graphic short used in &quot;Time&quot;, the opening of &quot;The Wall-Part 2&quot; as well as the best rendition of &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; I've heard; which begins a 3 song encore.  For VHS, the quality is outstanding for both the visual as with the sound presentation.<br />Though I have owned the VHS taps since it was released; I will replace it with the DVD version when it eventually comes out.  Highly recommended for all fans of Pink Floyd, as well as fans of great live concerts.
B000003TBP|4.0|In this Grammy nominated cd, Beck once again displays a premature wisdom and complexity in his music and lyrics. Included in this cd are widely esoteric songs brilliantly combining folk, rock, country, blues/jazz, and even hip hop. In superb tracks such as The New Pollution, Devil's Haircut, and Lord Only Knows, he mixes thoughtful lyrics with catchy yet intricate grooves that anyone can, and will enjoy.
B000002MG1|5.0|'Automatic for the People' is one of those rare albums by a big name band in which every song is a winner. I'm not a huge REM fan. I have enjoyed their work a lot, and own 5 of their albums, but I never got hardcore into them as much as those rabid fans. I do understand, though, that this is the definate peak of their career. If not financially, then definately creatively.<br />Those only passingly familiar with the bands work will more than likely know songs like 'Drive', Everybody Hurts' and 'Man on the Moon'. They were the tracks that got the big radioplay, and it's justified. These are the strongest tracks on the album. 'Drive' especially is one of my favourites, a slow yet deceptively powerful song that is a great way to kick off the album. The lesser known tracks are just as good, however. 'Sweetness Follows' is a beautiful song, with a string section backing up the band. 'Nightswimming', which Stipe sings accompanied with piano, is a tad repetitive, but definately stays with you after repeated listenings. <br />This is REM's grandest achievement. If you want to check out an REM CD, this is the one.
B00005214X|5.0|George Harrison once stated in an interview that he was humbled by someone's comment that his slide guitar work sounded like a human voice crying. The slide guitar style that is his and his alone is reason enough to buy this CD. The strange thing about it is that his slide guitar work doesn't even exist on a single Beatles song (except the 1990's recorded and released duo from Anthology, &quot;Free As a Bird&quot; and &quot;Real Love&quot;, and the Anthology 2 1967 out-take of &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;) I guess he was waiting for the big break-up to go for it.  No one since has even tried to copy it. It is that unique. And gorgeous. The very beautiful humanity and spirituality that often comes through in his lyrics is the other reason to consider this CD purchase. My favorite might be that bit in the song &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; that goes &quot;None of life's strings can last, so, I must be up and on my way, and face another day&quot;. I also love the great line in &quot;Beware of Darkness&quot; that goes: &quot;Take care, beware of greedy leaders. They'll take you where you should not go.&quot; Both Bubba and W should take this line very seriously. Listen to George Harrison's deep expression and feeling, in his words and in his guitar, and also his alertness to the fraudulence all around us, and feel moved. God bless George Harrison. And forgive those dubious jam sessions, the musicians were just trying to loosen up for the good stuff and having a good time while they were at it.
B00004T37H|5.0|This is NO kiddie cartoon!  This is serious anime!  Under the fabulous direction of Hayao Miyazaki, who was obviously influenced by the Greek legend ATALANTA (&amp; every bit as violent) when he created this.<br />Normally, anything Miyazaki can be shared with the whole family, so make sure your kids are desensitized to blood &amp; decapitation before viewing this.<br />BUT violence is just a piece of the story, as any Miyazaki story is, it's far too complex to explain &amp; you can never get the full picture.
B000058T5E|4.0|not a big techno fan, but after seeing THE MAN live, supporting both recent albums, i'm amazed !!! live is the way to go. a bit more &quot;mellow&quot; but excellent as usual. about his &quot;abscense&quot; lets not forget his playing with roger waters &quot;amused to death&quot; work on the cars jeff, but please remember the folks who really appreciate guitar playing at the highest level! hopeing for mr becks music forever!!!!!!
6301955595|3.0|Alejandro Jodorowosky presents a tempting yet repelling work that stabs our souls with a Guajardian horror not unlike the influential Germanic Yahe scare that is evident to wrestling aficionados in the late 1980s. Being that this work was released in the late 1980s, one can only barter with his or her collective consciousness by juggling the question &quot;Is the male character the puppet or the puppeteer?&quot; His dillusional actions question the mesmerizing take on visualizing Lagardian theater without actually calling it &quot;lucha libre.&quot; The presence of the Mexican pro wrestlers in this film is where the story fails; there is a brief nude profile of legendary Mexican wrestling journeyman Popitekus. This is the only known nude footage or photograph of Popitekus, and the quick glance combined with a complete lack of spoken word for Popi in this film is where the production loses credibility. Perhaps Jodorowosky was concerned that the focus of the film might steer toward the &quot;lucha libre&quot; phenomenon and lose sight of the story's body. That said, it is still ridiculous to leaving such a charismatic performer as Popitekus to be nothing more than sensual wallpaper for the film. Although there are many disturbing images in this presentation, there is occasional comic relief; most notably, the church trying to convince the priest that red paint is really &quot;holy blood,&quot; and the male lead's walk with his peers through an evening city festival looks like a spoof of those cheesy American comedies about teenage boys who go to Tijuana for the weekend to lose their virginity! This is a worthwhile flick, but if you have an artistic and Lagardian eye for transcendental visuals, you might feel something is missing without the &quot;Speedcolor&quot; technique that enjoyed a renaissance during the late 1980s. But with the haunting music (not to mention the splendid vision of the tattooed circus woman!), this more than makes up for what is lacking.
B000056K04|5.0|Just because DMB is trying something new doesn't mean that this album sucks, they're selling out, or anything like that, because they're not.  This is a wonderful CD from top to bottom, front to back, inside and out.  Dave may not be the world's best singer, but he's not the worst either.  One thing he can do is jam on the guitar.  Sure, he's no Santana(by the way, he is on this album, &quot;Mother Father&quot;) but he's got some funky riffs up his sleeve.  My favorites on the disc are &quot;What you are,&quot;&quot;So Right,&quot; and what I think is their best song made, &quot;Everyday.&quot;  All in all, if your a hard-core DMB freak, this may not be your album.  But, if you enjoy music for what it is, than buy this CD, you won't be disappointed
B00003CXSP|5.0|Composing a sequel to the Oscar winning thriller 'Silence Of The Lambs' must have been as complicated as putting together 'Star Wars Episode 1&quot;. Everything was going to be scrutinized and critqued harshly. The most important thing (to me at least) was that this film did not attempt to IMPROVE on the original... simply FOLLOW UP on it. The differences between SILENCE and HANNIBAL are wide and many. While SILENCE was firmly planted in the cerebral, HANNIBAL dwells deeply in the visceral. In director Ridley Scott's hands, Hannibal the Cannibal comes fully to life, showing us the monster behind the man in more graphic and unsettling detail that the first film only alluded to. Much has already been said about the violent content of the film and indeed it is graphic and gruesome, but it does occur in the context of the film and is not so much gratuitous as it is realistic. Even the film's outlandish conclusion (you'll never hear the expression 'brain food' again without shivering) seems possible. Those of you who have read the book will be pleasently surprised at what screenwriters David Mamet and Steven Zaillian have done here, choosing the source material carefully, excising the unnecessary, and coming up with a thrilling, frightening, funny, and wholly engrossing story (and thankfully changing the book's stupidly absurd ending). Scott bring the film to life, his direction reaching peaks of weightlessness. The story finds Lecter living, incognito, in Florence, Italy, trying to remain anonymous and live out the rest of his life. But he is being sought after by two people. One is Clarice Starling (here played by Julianne Moore) and the other is a former patient of Lector's, the impossibly rich and disgruntled Mason Verger (played by Gary Oldman, disgruntled because Lector once drugged him and ordered him to cut off his own face and feed it to his dogs - which he did, explaining 'it seemed like a good idea at the time). When a small-time Florentine police officer stumbles upon Lector's whereabouts, the chase begins. Ray Liotta turns in a fine performance as Paul Krendler, Starling's nemesis who recieves his comeuppance in a most memorable way. The whole project dazzles, with beautiful locations and heart-pounding score. Mason Verger, in and of himself, is a technical dazzler. A man with no lips, eyelids, or cheeks, he is horrible to look at, like a skull whose remaining flesh is slowly rotting off. The performance of Verger by Gary Oldman is the highlight of the film, never before has a character like this been brought to the screen. Was HANNIBAL worth the ten year wait? Absolutely. Is it better then SILENCE? No. It is different. It is a great thriller, with aspirations towards higher art. And it succeeds. It is a great as a sequel can get and serves the memory of SILENCE well. This will be a must-own DVD.
B0000089N1|5.0|It is obvious that Stabbing Westward's music has greatly grown and matured ever since their original CD; &quot;Ungod&quot;. &quot;Wither Blister Burn &amp; Peel&quot; was a great follow-up, but this album is the band's best work. I was actually very surprised to read many fan's reviews, saying that this album wasn't as carefully put together and didn't have the same energy or power behind it.<br />If you listen closely to the lyric's of the songs, the general flow of the music, and the way the songs are structured, you will notice that the album is essentially written in four parts. Similar to the rest of Stabbing Westward's work, the CD focuses on relationships and where they go wrong. The other theme present is how we mess up in life and how to get back on the right track. A very depressing album.<br />The first four songs focus on how we mess up in life and the terrible, threatening mistakes we make. &quot;Darkest Days&quot; is a great opening song, makes great use of the band's percussion and Chris Hall's emotional lyrics. Second is &quot;Everything I Touch&quot;, a powerful song discussing how he ruins everything he gets involved with. Afterwards are (in my opinion) the two best songs on the album. &quot;How Can I Hold On? (Dog Attack)&quot; is a fast-paced gothic/industrial tune that gets the adrenaline going. The follow-up is &quot;Drugstore&quot;, the most emotionally-charged song on the CD, talking about drug abuse and the influence that people have on each other.<br />The second portion of the album deals with relationships, specifically the ones that are torn apart by lies, disagreements, etc. &quot;You Complete Me&quot; is really the only upbeat song in this section, and pretty much on the album as well. &quot;Save Yourself&quot;, &quot;Haunting Me&quot;, and &quot;Torn Apart&quot; are more adrenaline-pumping songs, all strong and fast-paced.<br />Then, sitting right in the middle is the portion to listen to when you're feeling down, when you've reachedthat low point in life that's hard to get out of. &quot;Drowning&quot; and &quot;Goodbye&quot; are slow-moving, but no less emotional than anything else on here. But the real standout's in this section are &quot;Sometimes It Hurts&quot; and &quot;Desperate Now&quot;.<br />Wrapping the album up is the most emotion-filled, most powerful portion of the entire album. The theme behind it is standing behind your beliefs in life. The pure anger and violence in &quot;When I'm Dead&quot; and &quot;The Thing I Hate&quot; makes them some of the best industrial tunes out there. &quot;On Your Way Down&quot; uses skillful guitar playing and lyrics, which refer to how celebrities screw people over in life to get to the top. The closing track on the regular version of the album, &quot;Waking Up Beside You&quot; is enough to bring a lot of people to tears. This song rises above the majority of the rest of the band's work.<br />However, since this is an import version, it has an extra song on it, titled &quot;Hopeless&quot;. This is a great song, with some really talented guitar playing in it and a good message, but not enough to jump the price of the album to almost 36 bucks. Stick with the regular for only 15 or so.<br />In closing, although the album is split into four general themes and sections, it also has the capability to flow through as one theme, a strange talent that is rare to find in a CD and a band itself. As I said before, the only downfall is the high price, especially for only one extra song. I strongly recommend this, and anything else by Stabbing Westward, to anyone who likes hard rock and industrial.
B000002NC4|5.0|if you asked most fans of built to spill what their favorite album was by them, it would most likely be a very close race between &quot;there's nothing wrong with love&quot;, &quot;keep it like a secret&quot;, and this album, &quot;perfect from now on&quot;.  personally though, i have to lean towards this one, which also happened to be my introduction to the great band that is built to spill...<br />i still remember the day i purchased this album.  i went looking for it on the basis of one song, &quot;i would hurt a fly&quot;.  since i had only heard that one song i went all around the city of omaha trying to find it used for a cheap price, to no avail.  in the last record store i approached before i started my drive home, i decided to take my chances and shell out nearly ... bucks to get it new...<br />so i popped it in as soon as me and my friend got into my car.  about 30 seconds into &quot;randy described eternity&quot; i got bored and said &quot;i want to listen to the song i downloaded&quot;...so i skipped ahead to &quot;i would hurt a fly&quot;, and listened to it, thinking &quot;wow, what a great tune&quot;.  i then let the cd run into the next song...and again got bored after no more than a minute.  i proceeded to do the same thing with the rest of the album, until i took the cd out in frustration thinking &quot;what a waste of ... dollars...&quot; and put in some other album i purchased that day (which i don't remember anymore).<br />what a foolish thing to do.  about two weeks later while sitting at home, i pulled this disc out, still basically unplayed except for &quot;i would hurt a fly&quot;.  i finally sat there and listened to the whole thing, and after it was over i thought &quot;this isn't nearly as bad as i first thought&quot;.  days later i would be humming a song to myself and realize it was a different song on this album.  i would go back home and listen, thinking &quot;hey, this is a great tune too&quot;.  this happened with a different song every few days.<br />i began listening to the album even more, and began liking it more and more with every listen.  i began listening to it religiously.  i realized it was one of the best albums i had bought in months.  then i realized it was one of the best i've bought in my lifetime.  i then bought all the other releases by built to spill and was stunned with each one.  i now call them the best american rock band around without regret.<br />if you own any other built to spill releases, this is a must buy.  if you don't, &quot;keep it like a secret&quot; or &quot;there's nothing wrong with love&quot; might be a better starting point...but this would not be a mistake as long as you have patience.  getting into this album was one of the most rewarding musical experiences of my lifetime.
0684853523|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book!  It's filled with writing tips and inspiration.  I love Kings writing because he has something to say and gets right to the point.  He discloses some interesting things which he experienced while growing up and describes his humble beginnings.  Inspirational, funny, and surprising!
B00003CXE6|4.0|Alas, it is not the mercilessly bloody and cold story that you hear from prudish minds, but rather an engrossing and action-packed tale. Of coarse, the film is basically Russell Crowe-and he is magnificent. Some of the film's battle sequences (especially the first harrowing encounter with the gladiators inside of an arena) are stomach-churning, but they are increasingly operatic...and important in character revelation. A truly good movie, while not a five-star &quot;masterpiece,&quot; that should be recommended (and enjoyed) by everyone.
B000008H1R|4.0|...along with &quot;Stand Up&quot;...won't say much here; &quot;Stand Up&quot; is probably more consistent top to bottom (less throw outs or pass overs) but over the years I've become almost mezmerized by the &quot;sound&quot; on this album...It has such a depressing, melancholy, feel to it...with at least (5) classic numbers contained along with one of my favorite lines...&quot;that was the best cup of coffee I ever had&quot;...a true classic that's sometimes hard to listen to because it brings back so many good memories...
B00005A1PR|5.0|This is such a wonderful CD. I fell in Love with &quot;Video&quot; the first time I heard it on the radio while driving in the car. I knew that I had to get the cd the day it came out. And while listening to this CD, I couldn't believe how good it is! This is not the mainstream junk that you always hear. It's Soulful, Personal, and Real. I really like how she gives props to the soul brothers and sisters that inspired her. All the songs are wonderful, but I especially Love &quot;Ready For Love&quot; because I felt just like this before my lifepartner, best friend, and true love was brought to me (I Love You Sweetheart!) so I know how she feels about being ready for Love but also wanting it to be with the right person. She has an wonderful voice and I'm so thrilled that she's focused on being an individual. I'm already a HUGE fan! I hope she tours soon because I want to be right there. Good Luck India.Arie! I Love You for being who you are and for giving part of yourself in your music for us to enjoy and relate to!
6302719631|1.0|This movie was such a waste of time! I wish I could give it zero stars. I truly regret ever watching it. I have not yet read the actual book, and I am glad to say that the movie did not turn me off from wishing to read it. It had the opposite effect. Jane Austen is an intelligent and witty writer and I am sure the novel is a million times better than this sickly film. Even if I do not end up liking the novel I am sure it will be vastly better than the film. I wish someone had told me not to bother watching it because those were hours I will never gain back again. The actors were stiff and did not seem to add any depth to the characters they played. It was a slow, ponderous movie. The music was distracting and did not fit the film. In reading other reviews, I learned that the screenwriters apparently took the liberty of adding scenes such as Katharine's daydreamings. Obviously a great mistake to deviate so greatly from the novel and it made the story all the more confusing. The heroine is supposed to have an overactive imagination, but I blame the screenwriters and anyone else who was involved in this film for putting out such a nonsensical, ridiculous and unintelligent film. I only hope that when I finally read the actual novel it will erase this repulsive film from my mind.  To anyone who appreciates Jane Austen's novels, please do not watch this movie. I feel it is offensive to anyone with half a brain.
B00000099Y|5.0|This album is the opening to an extremity of intense sounds that will stay with you forever. The opening track (Stinkfist) is a song that has a truely disturbing meaning, but blows you away (no pun intened). The albms title track (AEnima [duh]) is a track that is filled meaningful lyrics and a metal riff that will allow you to feel the music in your own home. This an excellent compact disk that will be a favorite for all the years you will have it BUY THIS C.D.!!!!! You won't regret, ever...
B000002C25|3.0|After hearing Oasis mentioned in the same breath as the Beatles in various places, I got a copy of Be Here Now. After all, I'd love to find some new bands that can make good toe-tapping, sing-along rock music. It is often relatively simple, and usually has an upbeat quality to it.<br />Based on this album, Oasis isn't the answer to my quest. That's not to say Oasis is bad, but they are certainly nothing like what was recorded by classic rock bands like the Beatles, Stones, Zeppelin, Doors, Mac, Who, Airplane, etc. When you listen to albums by these bands, each song has a different sound to it. Styles, arrangements, melodies, tempos and harmonies change. The mix between country, blues, folk and other influences is ever-changing. Conversely, the first six cuts of BHN all sound practically the same (to me, at least). As someone else here says, every track is filled with guitars. The result is a wall of sound that make the songs almost indistinguishable from one another. The seventh cut, &quot;Fade In-Out&quot;, is somewhat different, and is probably my favorite cut. Individual instruments are discernable and there is a basic riff. The title song is also rather catchy, and I liked &quot;It's Getting Better&quot;, as well. &quot;All Around The World&quot; starts out OK, but instruments are gradually layered on until it ends up with a ponderous, droning sound like much of the other material here. Overall, studio tricks and sound effects are used liberally, but whatever melody is present is often buried except during the lead-ins and fade-outs at the beginning and end of songs. More varied arrangements and tempos would make BHN much more listenable.<br />Many other reviewers here seem to be of the opinion that BHN isn't Oasis' best work, so I will probably give &quot;Morning Glory&quot; a try. I must say, however, that I was somewhat disappointed by this album. Perhaps my expectations were too high. Fans of this band or of this type of rock will probably find plenty to be pleased with in this album, but classic rock fans should proceed with caution. I found it interesting enough to give it a mediocre three stars, but I wasn't tapping my toes or singing along.pleased with in this album, but classic rock fans should proceed with caution. I found it interesting enough to give it a mediocre three stars, but I wasn't tapping my toes or singing along.
B000000993|5.0|This is a great C.D. don't get me wrong, I gave it the 5 stars it deserved, but this is Tool's best rated C.D., to me, I think that that is just total bull[edit]. This has to be their worst. I mean, all of the songs grow on you, but songs like Flood and Intolerace are pretty much [edit] if you really listen to them. This is a great introduction to Tool, but Lateralus and AEnima surpass this [edit] like it doesn't even [edit]ing exist. It gets da seal, but only because (not including their debut E.P. Opiate) this was technically their debut...
B000059MEK|4.0|sigh.  3 1/2, 3 3/4, 4 stars.  this was a tough cd to rate.  daft punk's debut cd, HOMEWORK is the greatest serious dance/techno cd ever made.  EVERY MINUTE OF EVERY TRACK WORKED!  danceable thruout!  sadly there are gaps in their sophomore effort DISCOVERY.  it is still a fine cd but no landmark.<br />it is shocking but there are 3 VERY bad tracks by daft punk here: &quot;Aerodynamic&quot; w/ those eddie van halen-like guitars that sound more like fingernails on the blackboard.  &quot;Superheroes&quot; samples----barry manilow?!  boy, it drags!  and &quot;Short Circuit&quot; which literally does that towards the end as if Daft Punk were Daft Drunk.<br />there are the classics like &quot;Voyager&quot;, &quot;Face To Face&quot;, and &quot;High Life&quot;.  there is the cute giorgio moroderesque &quot;Nightvision&quot; which could've gone longer than 1:43.  &quot;Digital Love&quot; is a 70s type tune that sounds like it was done by another french duo, Air and it would be on the soundtrack to BOOGIE NIGHTS.  still a cool track.  <br />all in all, i wanted more every minute dance from daft punk.  if only their spinoff Stardust can return w/ a 1 song only thing a la &quot;Music Sounds Better With You&quot;.
B00003CWTI|4.0|This movie is sprawling and sometimes disconnected and pure genius. Despite its imperfections or because of its imperfections, it is in my all-time top ten favorite movies list, but I have noticed that a lot of people either love it or hate it. If you like nontraditional movies, it is definitely worth a rental if you missed it in the theatre, however. It has the quirkiness of State and Main, the intersections of Traffic, and the feel of American Beauty.<br />I love the easter eggs on the dvd set, but this dvd would be so much better if there was commentary from p.t. anderson and possibly some of the actors. The shooting script was very helpful, but I was hoping for a DVD set more like Boogie Nights. If you are not a total fan, it is defintely worth renting though.
B0000028UK|5.0|Just because I say that Vs. is the Sgt. Pepper of Pearl Jam's album's does not mean that I think it is the &quot;best.&quot;  Personally, I think the whole concept of &quot;best&quot; is flawed.  With a brilliant band like Pearl Jam, all of their albums are going to be the &quot;best&quot; in their own way.  However, I do believe it is evident that Vs. was the climax for the band.  Now on to the album's content:  The only thing in the history of rock that rivals the two intros &quot;Go&quot; and &quot;Animal&quot; is Van Halen's &quot;Eruption&quot; and their cover of &quot;You Really Got Me.&quot;  That's enough said there.  As far as the two standout ballads, &quot;Daughter,&quot; and &quot;Elderly Woman...&quot; go, they are the best ballads PJ have done other than &quot;Black&quot; from Ten.  I say this because I believe &quot;Black&quot; comes together more perfectly.  The black sheep of songs on Vs. seems to be the tribal-sounding &quot;W.M.A.,&quot; but it fits perfectly where it is.  The best all around songs on the album seem to be &quot;Dissident&quot; and &quot;Rearviewmirror.&quot;  &quot;Dissident&quot; is pure musical heaven, and &quot;Rearviewmirror&quot; builds up to a soaring climax at the end.  The closing song, &quot;Indifference,&quot; is as haunting as Pink Floyd's &quot;Dark Side of the Moon.&quot;  I personally do not listen to &quot;Blood,&quot; &quot;Rats,&quot; or &quot;Leash,&quot; not because they are not well written songs but because I disapprove of some of the strong language used in them.  Well, that's my opinion.  Oh, one last song:  &quot;Glorified G.&quot;  This song, although not one of the &quot;hits,&quot; is one of the reasons I purchased this album.  I can't get enough of this song...I guess it's because the song structure seems so different to me.  Anyway, give this song another try if you are not convinced, because it, too, is brilliantly written.  Well, that's my review.  One last thing:  If you think this album should sound like Ten, open your mind.  Pearl Jam never was a band to stand still, and neither should you as a listener.
B000050FEN|5.0|Hollywood has a tendency to pull its punches with movies, like the film wants to say something, but at the end of the day the studio is more concerned with cuddling the audience, so the message falls flat.   Seven is one of those rare movies that makes it past the studio bigwigs and does exactly what it wants to do.  THe story is about a veteran detective (Morgan Freeman) who teams with an insolent, rookie cop (Brad Pitt) to catch a serial killer (Kevin Spacey) who kills people in the style of the seven deadly sins.   Fincher (Fight Club) has a perfect sense of pacing and visuals and tells this disturbing, haunting story very well, making sure all of the punches hit home. This 2 set DVD is chock-full of movie-making goodness.  Although most of the included cut-scenes are mostly alternate or extended takes of shots, it is interesting to see the evolution of the movie.  Also, the features about the making of the opening credits are fascinating.  I never knew how much work went into that small portion of the movie.  The commentaries, although sometimes overcrowded with voices, are, as one would expect from Fincher, very informative and informal.  Fincher seems to really enjoy what he does and he has a lot of good stuff to say about his craft.   Although this movie has little onscreen violence, I can't recommend it to those that are soft of heart, some of the imagery is very disturbing.  For others, this is a must, and if fully stacked DVDs are your cup of tea, I also recommend Fincher's Fight Club, another 2 Disc set filled with goodies.
B000001EEN|4.0|After 2 years mainly out of the public eye, Eric, with the help of some talented friends, staged this concert at The Rainbow on January 13 1975. This concert gave Clapton the proof that his friends and fans were still behind him, and became a turning point in his career. There really is no better way to hear Clapton, than live. And this disc has been digitally remastered with 8 tracks that were missing from the original issue. The sound is great, and you can almost feel like you are there. This is an album that every Clapton fan should own. And the 12 page booklet contains a 6 page essay and photos from the show.
1573226521|4.0|This is a novel in the same vein as such classics like Lord of the Flies.  It introduces three adventuresome youths to paradise, a small beach populated by a handful of people who work together to keep their community functioning.  It isn't long before things start to go awry, however.  The drug lords that hold domain over most of the islands get angry when a band of unexpected travellers show up in their pot fields and the main character starts to go a little crazy. Better in every way than the ill-fated movie, Garland tells this story from the perspective of the main character, who is slightly delusional.  The prose is subtle and manages to change the tone of the story from adventuresome to dark and troubling as the main character starts to hallucinate that the man that gave him a map to the beach before killing himself is still around and joining the narrator on his little adventures. Garland manages to paint a perfect picture of this little paradise and adds humor and drama to the mix for an entertaining, fairly quick read.  This book comes highly recommended.
B000002NJS|4.0|A great album. Not only very danceable but also soothing and kinda spiritual as well. The title track is very techno and was a big hit for her. Some of the lyrics to the songs are kinda 'out-there'. Like &quot;Candy Perfume Girl&quot; for instance. I can't make head nor tail out of them. In fact a lot of her lyrics are like that. It makes me wonder if I'm missing a screw or I've gone dyslexic or something. But at least the music is great so it doesn't matter so much. In fact, &quot;Shanti/Ashtangi&quot; is sung in Sanskrit, and even though it has the English translation, I'm darned if it makes sense. But all in all, this is an album that most Madonna fans will love. And 16 page booklet contains all lyrics and lots of photos.
0375703764|4.0|The plot of this story happens in several layers.  On one level is Johnny Truant who is investigating the strange death of an old man by reading the papers he left behind.  On another level, in those papers, is the story of a filmmaker who lives in a strange house that is bigger on the inside than the outside.  <br />In some ways, the book feels the same as the house, much bigger on the inside than the oustide.  The author plays with language and every preconception about how a book should be laid out, and oddly, instead of being annoying, these oddly laid out pages and strange fonts contribute to the feel of the novel, drawing you further into the different stories. This is not a quick read and I can't recommend something this dense to people who are looking for something they can pick up and throwaway in an afternoon, however, for people who are looking for something new and completely original, this is the book for you.  It is sometimes haunting, sometimes touching, and always interesting; equal parts ghost story and drama.  I was amazed by this book and often felt that there was some puzzle imbedded somewhere in it that I was supposed to figure out.  Fascinating.
0380002930|5.0|This book beckons to me back to the England of Fiver and Hazel again and again.  The magical story and lyrical prose get stronger with each reading.  What an amazing trip with beloved characters.  I know these little creatures, as if they were human friends.  Delight yourself and indulge in Watership Down.
B00003CX8J|4.0|X-Men is the most recent and successful of the Comics-to-Movies products.  It is cool and sleak and while the actors are talented, the show is stolen by the quiet and brutal Hugh Jackman as everyone's favorite Wolverine.   The plot is typical comic book fare, with the X-Men struggling to save the world from the crazed mutant Magneto (Ian McKellan). The DVD, like the movie, is not astounding, but a worthy presentation of a decent movie.  Comic book fans rejoice, your movie is given a presentation worth buying.  The picture is clear and crisp, the sound is decent, and the extras, while not heartstopping, are better than one might have expected.  The missing commentary from Bryan Singer hurts the overall rating, but you can't really go wrong with this DVD if you liked the movie.
0380789019|5.0|That means he has plenty of time to produce more work like this one.  I have yet to read Stardust, but it is on my to-do list.  This was one of the most imaginative and captivating books I have read in a long time.  It brings me back to such epics as The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe and The Lord of the Rings.  While it isn't so much a knights and chivalry type of book, it is definitely epic.  I hope Mr. Gaiman is planning a sequel.<br />The story takes an average guy (Richard Mayhew) with a boring life and throws him into a world that he never knew existed.  A world where characters are unique and bitter in a hardened subworld.  His life is changed forever as he goes from a white collared Londonite to &quot;the warrior&quot; once he has killed the beast.  He teams up (or tags along) with the Marquis, Hunter, and Door, each of which are solitary character masterpieces in and of themselves.  The arch enemies are primarily Mr. Croup and Mr. Vandemir.  These two are not only heinously evil but also funny at the same time.<br />This book was fantastic.  I can't emphasis that enough.
B00003CWTI|4.0|The plot of this movie is nearly impossible to explain.  The whole length of this three hour movie covers only one night and consists of several interweaving vignettes.  Tom Cruise shines in this movie as a boisterous chauvinist self-help mogul.  It is a compulsively watchable movie, even if the ending is a little inaccessible to the audience.  Still, I'd recommend this DVD on the merits of the movie alone. Still, it doesn't hurt that it comes in a 2 Disc package with awesome extras and a few interesting easter eggs (click on the color test bars feature and there's a few takes of interesting scenes).  In this case, the DVD is chockful of interesting features, most of which are definately not weak filler and are worthy of your time.  This is a must for anyone interested in how films are created, from the concept to the script, to the actual shooting.
B00004XONN|2.0|C'mon people.  Stop being posers and just admit this was Radiohead's failure in attempting to create a potentially amazing experiemental music.  I bet you think this is great stuff just because Radiohead is hip, and since this is unlike most POP music, you think you'll individualize yourself from the masses.  Think again.  There are many people just like you--posers.  I admit this isn't a horrible album--I give kudos for Radiohead's courage to make something different from their usual pop/rock music.  But, their execution was a failure.  They are missing the talent to make good experiemental music.  Have you all listened to Philip Glass or DATACH'I?  Their music is well thought out, composed and executed.  If Radiohead had put a lot of time into this KID A album, it only showed that they just don't possess the talent to make a post-modern, experiemental music.  Try it.  Don't just like it because it's Radiohead.  THINK: What makes a white primed empty canvas worthy of being displayed at the Guggenheim Museum compared to a white primed canvas a high school painting student has prepared?...
0140186409|5.0|This is my new favorite book! I think it should be required reading for everyone who calls himself an American.  At first, I'll admit I was intimidated by its size, but I wanted to read it because of its &quot;classic&quot; status. It earns its honored position from the start. One can compare the trials of the Joads to those of Holocaust victims or Civil War participants. I am not saying their experiences are as horrible as those of the Jews and soldiers, but it is amazing that we (as a country at the time) could care so little for our own brothers. These people were not leeches before the Bank takes over the land. They made an honest living and worked very hard for it. Then they have to force themselves to rely on the kindness of strangers when they move West. Pride is broken sometimes, but it is ultimately restored, as the &quot;reds&quot; realize they must take care of each other to survive. Also, I have never been so moved as I was by the ending. If you've read this before, you know what I'm talking about.  If you have yet to be so blessed, you'll find out soon enough.  Do NOT miss this awesome novel!
B00004Y6TQ|2.0|Well, I have now seen the movie and wonder if I even wish to listen to most of this CD again.  The movie was extremely well-done and Bjork's acting was amazing -- the music fit the movie 100% so it'd get 5 stars for the MOVIE --- but on its own, for music to hear in my daily life, I still give it a rather unpopular two stars.<br />Why would a rabid Bjork fan owning about 60 Bjork/related CDs give this CD this rating?  The Overture is typical/negligible.  Cvalda is the first song ever where Bjork's voice has EVER irritated me in parts (I am stunned at this).  The beats are five star though.  I've Seen It All is so-so... Thom Yorke sounds semi-catatonic singing with her, her singing's topnotch, but the song itself is so-so.  Scatterheart I *do* like .... Homogenic-like (corny beginning - since it's a \\"musical\\" I guess)  107 Steps was dull before and now knowing the meaning, I'm scared to even hear it again and remember the terrible scene.  Overall, this CD is so-so.  Bjork's other work is so much better.  Yet, I believe this would've been more challenging to create for a movie, musical-style.  The percussive arrangements on some tracks are very noteworthy.  *sigh*  Her emotionally brilliant ACTING is MUCH more noteworthy than this CD.  ...  Bjork's name is out and solid so maybe the cool thing to do is press a zillion copies of the latest soundtrack CD and rave about it ...
B000002H33|5.0|This album is a masterpiece!, this work simply defines what Metallica used to be before they became just another band. Battery, which is the first song in the album is an amazing evidence of talent and such a complex music, the guitar solos are incredible and full of melody, needless to say that the bass is at its top (by the way the last album with Cliff Burton). If you really want to get the best Metallica album, in my opinion, this is your choice.
B000002HH2|5.0|Just buy it.  Post is awesome.  I have listened to this CD most realistically-speaking a few thousand times in the last 5+ years and I still love it.  This is an eclectic collection of true musical talent, emotion and artistry.  The themes are varied and cling to you.  If you don't care for a song, give it time.  Every song is a gorgeous masterpiece ... (well, It's Oh So Quiet is just a cover, so it wears thin compared to the rest) ...  One of my all-time favorite albums.  This was one of the most important recordings of the 20th century.
