B0054JZC6E|3.0|not a fan of the minimum requirement to pass but still fun to kill time. also instructions would help alot on some games. only gives you ten games in the beginning so very misleading. not really 101 unless you put a ton of time into it.
B005D9MUWY|2.0|Slight upgrade over stock Android keyboard.  Mostly differences are cosmetic.  Buggy at times.  Will often repeat a key several times and not allow deletion of extra chars when using Google Docs.  Limited features and issues don't justify price and large amount of memory app takes up.
0385344228|4.0|If you watched CSI during the Ray Langston story arc, you probably had a pretty good idea where [[ASIN:0385344228 Defending Jacob: A Novel]] was leading you as you forged into its interior. William Landay's meticulous set-up of his story about a husband and father who has to face the question of whether his son, Jacob, is innocent of the killing of a classmate poses weighty and ambiguous possibilities from a scientific and psychological perspective. Can a person be genetically predisposed to criminal behavior? This was something Dr. Langston and another CSI character had to ask about themselves and their families, and Andy Barber, who had spent his career prosecuting criminals, finds himself in that same position.<br /><br />Andy compounds his problems by keeping his family secrets from even those closest to him. But when evidence and especially circumstances point to Jacob's guilt in the violent death of another teenage boy, Andy's wife, Laurie and his former colleagues begin to see a pattern that could destroy the Barber family. Andy, who has always seen his son from a distance, must now apply his considerable courtroom skills to helping the boy's defense. He must also look beyond the evidence and his son's words to try to get a handle on truth. Maybe his judgment is clouded -- of course it is. But perhaps the same is true of the others intimately involved. I'm not going to discuss the plot in any more detail because it is better for the reader to have the scenes unfold without too much foreknowledge.<br /><br />Landay is not breaking virgin ground here, but on the other hand, he is definitely among the early birds to consider the heavy implications of whether individuals and society at large are entitled to make judgments about other human beings based on genetic markers and/or psychological examinations. The author steadily builds suspense, using courtroom scenes interspersed with back story. When a verdict comes down, the story is not finished. Legal remedies, as we all know, are not the only methods human beings employ to bring about what they perceive as the only [right] thing to do.<br /><br />DEFENDING JACOB is a conception-shattering book that will remain with the reader after it has long been put aside. I've been pondering it for a few weeks now, and put off writing this review because I was still thinking about its implications. At times the plot seems deceptively mundane and passive, but it all leads up to the final pages (which the reader should not read first!) and to a devastating decision that is based on uncertain premises. This novel should provide impetus for real-life consideration of the extent that genetic and psychological information should be permitted to impact anyone's life. Is all life equally precious or can and should some lives be taken as a \\"protective\\" measure to possibly save others?not the only methods human beings employ to bring about what they perceive as the only [right] thing to do.  DEFENDING JACOB is a conception-shattering book that will remain with the reader after it has long been put aside. I've been pondering it for a few weeks now, and put off writing this review because I was still thinking about its implications. At times the plot seems deceptively mundane and passive, but it all leads up to the final pages (which the reader should not read first!) and to a devastating decision that is based on uncertain premises. This novel should provide impetus for real-life consideration of the extent that genetic and psychological information should be permitted to impact anyone's life. Is all life equally precious or can and should some lives be taken as a \\"protective\\" measure to possibly save others?
0451228375|3.0|Ken Follett writes too well.  I spent several sleepless nights reading this 1000+ page epic about 14th century England.  The problem is the book was just ok.  It wasn't nearly as good as Pillars of the Earth, and was just too long.  While I enjoyed the main protagoists, and the antagonists were hated (as I am sure Follett intended), the book was way too long.  And there was a lot of sex in the book.  I like reading about a roll in the hay as much as the next guy, but come on, a liason described in detail on average every other chapter is a bit much.
030788743X|5.0|This book was so much fun.  Geeky, pop-culture, fan-boy fun...But SO much fun if this is your thing.  Cline's incredibly creative and engaging story doubles as a love letter to the 80's.  This book defies easy categorization, as it slides from dystopian to sci-fi/fantasy (via virtual reality), hitting on other genres along the way.  It shouldn't work...but somehow it really, really does.
B000F0V0LI|4.0|Undoubtedly a great film achievement for both John Wayne and John Ford, this is a must-have for anyone adding westerns to their film collection.  This remastered edition offers outstanding quality and the bonus additions in the box set are worth the few extra dollars; you can pick these up at a bargain while they last.
B0063IH60K|5.0|works very well and can be used to pass tons of time when you're not busy with something else. nothing negative to say about it.
B005C9YZIM|4.0|Generally aknowledged as one of the greatest documentary video series available, the addition of new special features on this edition made it worth the wait.  Having borrowed the original series from our local library, I have long intended to add it to our collection but waited for the price to come down to a reasonable level.  This new Special Edition is even more spectacular than I expected and the incredible price from Amazon just sweetened the deal even more.  Highly recommended; just wish they would improve the case and I'd give 5 stars, but 4-1/2 anyway.  I've resolved the case/sleeve issues by adding inexpensive paper sleeves for each disk to facilitate storage and removal; works pretty good.
B005XQLBU4|4.0|Great time wasting game. Wouldn't play it every day but a nice way to keep entertained for 30 min or so.
0307352145|5.0|Brilliant, illuminating, empowering!<br /><br />Quiet gives not only a voice, but a path to homecoming for so many who've walked through the better part of their lives thinking the way they engage with the world is something in need of fixing.<br /><br />With a remarkable ability to move between storytelling and a depth of research that, as a writer, left me in awe, Cain peels the introvert onion, exploring then debunking assumptions and myths along the way and opening up possibilities. We learn how so much of society, education and business are built around the extrovert ideal, from clustered tables in primary school classrooms to brainstorming sessions at work. All well and good, if the nature of the process works with who you are, but potentially disastrous if it doesn't.<br /><br />We also learn that the words introvert and extrovert are not quite as buttoned down as the popular \\"love to party or terrified of people\\" definitions we so often throw around. It's much more about whether certain scenarios empty or fill our tanks. And there are endless situational variations.<br /><br />I saw so much of myself in this book and loved that Cain went beyond just illuminating and laid out a set of actionable ideas, steps and strategies.<br /><br />A third of the population has been waiting for this book to land for the better part of their lives.<br /><br />If you've ever felt you didn't quite fit into the social ideal we're taught to aspire to, but that you also have wonderful gifts to offer the world, Quiet is a book that'll make you want to stand up and shout for joy...when nobody else is around, of course. ;-)
0330107372|4.0|I received the book about a week earlier than it was supposed too :D, but still a month after I ordered it-- I suppose since it came from the United Kingdom it took awhile. The book was DEF. used, the pages are yellow, and the top is faded. Overall, it's what they said it would be, and the book is readable.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|It's really fun and racks your brain and, basically is a really, really, really fun app for your Kindle or whatever you have.
030788743X|5.0|First, a quick summary of the story. It's about a poor kid named wade who lives in a trailer park in a futuristic, barren and famine ridden America. Not quite a 'post apocalyptic' setting, but rather one filled with more hardship and desolation then today's world.   In the future, they have this game or simulator called the OASIS. It's basically a life simulator that allows the user to enter this whole new cyber-universe with hundreds of different planets using a special visor and other haptic gear. In the future, this simulator is used by everyone from kids to adults to be used for everything from playing games to attending school and even earning a living. For most people it's really become more of a life than their actual lives are, as the world around them lay destitute, yet the OASIS serves as a means of relief and bliss.   When the creator of the OASIS dies, it is learned that he left behind clues for a special contest he had set up in the simulator some time earlier. The contest was to basically find the special 'egg' located somewhere in the vast universe of the OASIS. The winner of this contest would receive his entire fortune that he had left behind, as well as complete control of the entire OASIS. Years went by after his death before someone(young Wade Watts)finally discovered the meaning of the first clue.   In short, that is the main plot of the book. There's also a lot of 80's pop culture references, as the OASIS creator grew up in the 80's and everyone knew that being very familair with it would be essential to solving his riddles and puzzles.   I really found this book to be a great read. I found myself not wanting to put it down almost everytime I started reading it. As a gamer myself, I may have found this more intriguing than say... someone who isn't as familiar with older games and technology. However, that's not to say that you must be technologically advanced to understand the story, you just may not quite understand some of the references to older games and gaming units. I really thought it was neat how the author was able to create a story about the future, yet have it based so intently around the past, mainly the 80's.   Of course, not everything in the book was flawless. The only real main issue I encountered was that sometimes I found the author ocassionly rambling off details for too long. Details that really weren't needed to give the reader any more of a picture of what was going on, but I think more or less as page fillers.  Don't get me wrong, the story still has plenty of meat, it's just that I've noticed this issue on a few occasions. The other problem I found was that there were a few times in the story when Wade would be stuck for months on a puzzle, but then breeze right through other puzzles that seemed harder than the ones he was stuck on, but maybe this is just my opinion.   Overall, the few minor negatives of the book just wasn't quite enough to keep me from giving it 5 stars and great recommendation for anyone into cyber-type books. Again, very intriguing and addictive. I'll definitely be looking for more titles by this author in the future. Easily one of my favorite recent books.
B000FC0ZEO|5.0|Thank you, Ms. Hobb, for a series of books that gave me numerous hours of enjoyment.  I have just finished Fool's Fate and I just sat on my couch for quite awhile thinking back on all nine books.  These are books I will read again.  The Fool's Fate is the perfect finale for me.  This story had parts where I couldn't wait to find out what happened and parts that I carefully read and reread every word.
0316098515|4.0|In addition to a bunch of really great recipes, this book provides a behind-the-scenes look at how a great restaurant is organized and runs. The dishes are time-consuming to prepare, but work if you follow the steps and they're fantastic.
B003DZX3SA|5.0|***This review may contain spoilers.***<br /><br />Disney's \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" (hereafter B&B) is an uncontested masterpiece (and anyone who dares contest its greatness is, in my opinion, a brainless, heartless fool). Every criterion by which we judge movies (cinematography, score, characterization, plot, etc.) is flawless.  B&B is a supreme illustration of what I like to call \\"The Hamlet Syndrome\\", where a work has been analyzed so frequently and so favorably, one despairs of finding something new to say about it.  What I wish to concentrate upon is certainly not new either, but I believe is the central theme of B&B - true happiness and love can only come from overcoming selfishness and thinking of others.<br /><br />The Prince was a beast long before the crone placed him under her monstrous spell (why she placed the Prince's entourage and household servants under a similar spell seems a bit unclear to me; perhaps their unquestioning devotion to him deserved punishment as well).  The Prince's handsome demeanor hid a haughty selfish soul. In any event, only if the Beast exchanges and receives true love will the spell be dissolved, AND before a rose (the traditional symbol of love) loses all its petals.<br /><br />This task will not be easy.  The Beast wrathfully imprisons the inventor Maurice merely for seeking shelter without permission in his rococo, gloomy castle.  He reveals a trace of mercy when he agrees to free Maurice provided his beautiful bibliophile daughter Belle agrees to take his place.  Belle (the name means beauty) consents UNCONDITIONALLY, which makes her unselfish choice more noble and sets a good example for the Beast.  Subsequent events do not go smoothly, of course, as Belle is repelled, not so much by the Beast's appearance as by his domineering, crass, uncouth manner.  At length, Belle has had enough and flees into the wintry wilderness, where she is set upon by a ravenous pack of wolves.  The Beast arrives in time to save Belle but is grievously wounded in the attempt.  Belle nurses him back to health and thanks him for saving his life.  The Beast has performed a self-serving act, to be sure, but he is certainly becoming less selfish than before.  His prospects improve.<br /><br />Little by little, friendship grows between Belle and the Beast.  He becomes more caring, solicitous, and gentlemanly.  The friendship culminates in their spectacular waltz in the central hall rotunda.  Could this be it?  Ah, but Belle asks to view the Beast's magic mirror, which can show the viewer anyone they wish to see.  The mirror shows her father Maurice on his sickbed.  She implores the Beast to let her see him.  Sorrowfully, but gallantly, the Beast agrees.  Feeling that she might not return, the Beast gives her the mirror so that she can always see and remember him whenever she wishes.  This is the Beast third act of mercy, and his best act because he sacrifices his own happiness for that of another.<br /><br />Bell nurses her father back to health.  Unfortunately, Maurice has informed the townsfolk about the Beast, and Gaston, the dashing but boastful and unsuccessful suitor for Belle's affections, becomes dangerously jealous.  Lividly eager to locate the Beast's whereabouts, he finds out by wresting the mirror away from Belle, and organizes the townsfolk for an assault on the Beast's castle.  Belle races back to the castle to warn the Beast, but is too late.  Gaston finds the Beast, who is too despondent to fight back.  Gaston is about to deliver the coup de grace, but the Beast sees that Belle has come back to him.  He seizes Gaston and is about to fling him from the battlements, but his newly-awaken better nature spares Gaston's life - a fourth selfless gesture.  Treacherous ingrate Gaston stabs him in the side but the villain loses his balance and falls anyway.<br /><br />The Beast is dying, but Belle tearfully declares her true love for him, before the last petal falls.  The Beast gloriously transforms into his human self.  Belle, who knows better than to be fooled by superficial appearance, peers into the Prince's eyes, the traditional window to the soul.  They are the same as the Beast's, and they eventually have a triumphant wedding.<br /><br />The end credits of B&B state that the Beast finds his soul.  As the movie incrementally demonstrates, he did so by following the Christian tenet - to find your soul, you must lose your soul in service towards the greater good of helping others.superficial appearance, peers into the Prince's eyes, the traditional window to the soul.  They are the same as the Beast's, and they eventually have a triumphant wedding.  The end credits of B&B state that the Beast finds his soul.  As the movie incrementally demonstrates, he did so by following the Christian tenet - to find your soul, you must lose your soul in service towards the greater good of helping others.
B002DEPJB6|5.0|This is my all-time favorite TV show! Every episode makes for riveting viewing, and the great casting makes all the difference...the drama centers around the life and exploits of single mother Lorelai Gilmore [the amazing Lauren Graham] who raises her only child Rory [stunning Alexis Bledel]in the idyllic town of Stars Hollow, somewhere in Connecticut. Its an amazing drama...every episode here in Season One makes you really come to know and love the characters, both main and secondary. We come to care about what happens to Lorelai & Rory...in Season One, 16 year old Rory gets accepted into the prestigious private school Chilton, and Lorelai has to grapple with the problem of how to finance it, and out of desperation approaches her estranged parents for help. The chemistry between the two leads as mother and daughter is electrifying and altogether credible...Lorelai's parents, Emily and Richard Gilmore are portrayed as stuffy, upper-class people who use money as the means to keep tabs on their daughter and granddaughter. Of course, the stories go deeper than that, and the characters themselves develop in greater depth as the series goes on...but herein lies the charm in Gilmore Girls...the dialogue, witty repartee and stellar acting from all characters make this a show that grows from strength to strength and makes an addict of the viewer.<br /><br />The residents of Stars Hollow are an eccentric bunch indeed - be it Luke of Luke's Diner, Ms Patty the dance teacher, Taylor the town councilman,Michel the crabby concierge, Sookie St James the irreverent cook and BFF of Lorelai, Lane Kim as Rory's sidekick - we come to love each of these characters for their role in the series.<br /><br />Watching these episodes is like a reunion of old friends - and every fall, I rewatch the seasons of Gilmore Girls, and get the feeling that I'm part of something special and magical, a feeling like I'm truly home. A must-watch series, and highly recommended.
B0000013G9|5.0|I love TLC!! I was an avid listener doing their day and this CD is awesome. There's a song on here that I didn't know about and it blew my mind.  It has to be Chili singing and she just sounds lovely.
B003JA5O8G|5.0|Season Five starts off with a bang, and just keeps getting better with every episode. At the end of Season Four, Rory [Alexis Bledel] sleeps with her married ex-boyfriend Dean [Jared Padalecki] and the beginning of Season Five sees Rory being 'sent' off on a European tour with her grandma Emily [Kelly Bishop], a ruse by Lorelai [Lauren Graham] hoping that things will cool between Rory and Dean.<br /><br />The plot twists in this season are fascinating - Rory eventually finds herself drifting apart from Dean, and drawn towards rich kid, Logan Huntzbeger [Matt Czuchry] which delight the senior Gilmores but not Lorelai. Luke and Lorelai's relationship grows from strength to strength, with some major hiccups in between, no thanks to the interference of Emily Gilmore [Kelly Bishop] and Christopher.<br /><br />The last two episodes of this season truly keep you riveted as a dejected Rory turns to a desperate act that lands her in trouble and causes a rift between her and her mother, Lorelai. It also signals a major life change for Rory for the next season.<br /><br />The writing is as good as ever and the acting superb. This is a great season that is sure to delight fans and new viewers alike.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|I love that rather than waiting 6 months for a movie that will be on theaters for a week I could purchase it and see it with my family.  The quality and sound are excellent.<br />Of course, being a movie that has a restriction on time to tell a very complex story, I do reccomend reading the book before you watch the movie. The movie does try to not leave any loose ends, but some parts of the story are only expressed in a short phrase.
B001AQR3JY|5.0|i bought this DVD  as a Christmas present for my mother because she never saw it when it was originally out. she loves the old Walt Disney classic animations so i thought that she might love this one as well and she did.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great solitaire app. Never any crashes or glitches. I recommend.  Would be nice if more solitaire games were included like tri-towers and spider.
B005HSG3VK|5.0|Purchased this cover for my daughters new laptop. It is pink and she is very happy with it. Fast service and exactly what she wanted
B002T9H2ME|3.0|It was a little on the boring side. This movie is a one time see and if you can, rent it or netflix. All movie long there was really just one person playing the role, kind of like I AM LEGEND. I'd probably never have any interest in seeing this movie again.
B005CM9DX6|5.0|I've listened to songs by Opeth over the years, but never found their music compelling enough (for my taste) to purchase. That is until Heritage. From beggining to end I can feel the humanity and emotion of this music. It feels REAL. Sit in the sweet spot and it's like Opeth are in the room with you (I'm guessing the surround sound version is even more so!). Real drums, played phenomanally - no samples or drum machines. A bass guitar you can actually hear, played masterfully. No layers of guitars masked by high-gain distortion & supported by symphonic synth noodling. Just pure picking that ranges from delicate to brutal. And the singing is fantastic. Akerfelt's voice kicks ass; melodic yet genuinely foreboding.  The songs are catchy as hell with groovy riffs, fascinating changes, and beautiful arrangements. That said, Heritage is the kind of album that's best heard all in one sitting. There's a rhythm and flow to Heritage that is almost filmic or conceptual. It's a startling and beautiful album, and a bold undertaking for a band categorized as death metal. Imagine 70's era Black Sabbath, Deep Purple, and Jethro Tull jumping in a time machine to 2011, and you'll have some sense of the vibe on Heritage. One of my top 5 discs for last year!
B002MQYOFW|3.0|I downloaded the Hunger Games, without knowing anything about it other than it was being made into a film with the wonderful young actress Jennifer Lawrence. I'm a 61-year-old man. This is a book for teenage girls who can imagine themselves as Katniss Everdeen, the heroine of the book - evolving, active, unsure of her feelings but secure in her abilities, kind, just, and finding love. The story is relatively simple: after a rebellion, 12 surviving districts must pay tribute to the Capitol by sending two of its children to fight to the death as a sign of submission to the state. Only one would survive and reap the riches of survival. Katniss, 16, takes the place of her 12-year-old sister, who'd been chosen by lottery (thank you Shirley Jackson). From the very beginning there is no question that Katniss will survive; the only suspense is manufactured danger and process: will Katriss be able to kill her competitors (only in righteous justice), will she be injured (slightly, and not permanently scarred; and will she fall in love with her district partner. For me, there was only one surprise, and that was the origin of the dogs that attack in the action climax.  The book ends with an eye toward a sequal. Teenage girls are probably in thrall at the prospect. I'll pass.
B005K17RU0|4.0|works well gives you a temperature in the status bar. it is a beautiful. weather appears to be accurate. Would be nice to have a sound for like severe weather.
B0034G4P4O|2.0|A huge disappointment by two genuinely great directors specialized in popular entertainment, like Steven Spielberg and Peter Jackson. The secret of The Unicorn was the first Tintin book I read (my parents give it to me as a present when I was 9 years old, more than thirty years ago). It is also one of my favorite Tintin books. This might be why I felt so disappointed by this. Absent from the movie is all the subtlety in the book. What is present here is a very heavy handed, video-game like approach.  In theory, this could have been a match made in heaven, as previous works by Spielberg especially (like the Indiana Jones franchise) have a strong resemblance to Tintin, in terms of plot and in terms of the epoch (the thirties and the forties were the epoch were both Tintin and Indiana have their best outings). In practice, the film doesn't work. Let's try to analyze why.  Let's first concede that Tintin is difficult to bring into the screen (previous adaptations, both animated and live-action, have failed). I think one of the reasons is that Tintin lives in a very stylized world, and this becomes quite obvious when one transplants Tintin from a drawing in a paper to a photographic medium (even in the form of computer animation).  The charming plot of the book (Tintin finds by accident a manuscript hidden inside a model ship called the Unicorn that might be a clue to a hidden treasure, and soon sees himself chased by other people interested in that treasure), has some minor changes, but those changes are generally for the worst. For instance, the slimy Bird brothers in the book were better villains than Ivan Sakharine in the film, who was not one of the bad guys in the original book. Mixed up with the plot of the Unicorn (and in a not very convincing manner), appear elements of other Tintin books, especially The Crab with the Golden Claws, another favorite of mine.  Lastly, the animation is not completely convincing: the problem of the unrealistic eyes (the so called uncanny valley, which many have pointed already in The Polar Express, and which evidently hasn't been solved) makes for a Tintin that is slightly creepy. By the way, the photography is some scenes is too dark and murky, when the Tintin books are famous for the use of bright colors and little contrast (the famous clear line style).
145162445X|5.0|First, I'd like to admit that many concepts within quantum physics I have trouble grasping and normally have to take some time to wrap my head around them. Krauss takes the time to not only help readers understand the complexity of these concepts of origin but in a manner that makes it entertaining. Readers will learn about dark energy and matter, anti-matter, why the universe is thought to be flat as opposed to closed or open, and the evidence through history that have built these theories just enough to understand the conclusions current research is showing us. As it is approached on several different occasions throughout the book, the assumption of a supernatural force (i.e. a god) in the process of cosmic origins is irrelevent if not completely superfluous in understanding how the universe came to be. I found the book to answer and explain many questions I had in this field and in such a way I can relay my new found understanding to others so they can understand as well. Recommended to those who even have a simple curiosity as to \\"why there is something rather than nothing\\" in our universe.
B000FP2OPY|5.0|Really love this collection. If you are into demons, spirts, werewolfs, witches, vampires, spooky legends etc. this show is for you.  And to top it off, there are two very hot hunks hunting them down. Each episode is something new.
B003YL4LYI|4.0|I understand most of the reviewers point about how in terms of the storyline this book did not move it along. However, we all knew this years back and this should have not been a surprise to fans of aSoIF. We all knew 'A Feast for Crows' and 'A Dance with Dragons' were actually suppose to be one volume but was split up due to size (but let's be honest it's probably due to $ also). So to go into this book and expect something different is totally insane. It's like opening a can of CocaCola and expecting it to taste like Dr Pepper! To penalize this book's quality/rating because of this is unfair. If 'A Feast for Crows' and 'A Dance with Dragons' came out in back to back years this would not even be an issue.<br /><br />I agree with most fans that GRRM is taking way too long to finish this series, the first book came out in 1996 so it's 16 years and counting as of this review! Perhaps if he didn't get sidetracked with so many side projects he would have finished years earlier. The gaps are so long in between each book that I have to lookup Wikipedia what happened in the last book. GRRM is doing himself and his series a disservice with his slightly faster than snails pace writing because people have lives and as time goes on so do our interest and attention span.<br /><br />Now onto this book's review, it once again showed why GRRM is truly a great story teller and how much time and effort he puts into the complexity of characters and storyline. I won't spoil it for those who haven't read it yet but there's a character who we hate because he betrayed the Starks (in book 2) and yet in this book we root for him to escape his captors. This character supposedly really 'Reeks'. A good writer will make the reader feel engaged and emotionally invested in the story and characters and GRRM does that better, if not the best, than many current authors. This book does move the story along for other characters such as Tyrion (my favorite) and what happened to him since he murdered his father. It just doesnt move the story along in terms of the entire series but hey that's not you were expecting right?
B0066W1AZK|5.0|I run this program to help my students learn to play without the embarrassment of losing when just starting out.  They enjoy the ability to adjust the levels.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun game, good way to waste a little time. the ads are not as bad as people in other reviews are saying.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this app.it is cool because you get like a ton of games I like the space ship on.
B005XQLBU4|3.0|the game is good, but needs some work.  one major glitch i found is when you continue a game, it doesnt save your building damage correctly.  this is extremely frustrating when youve finished 33 levels and then lose because half of your buildings are now gone.  the limits on missile upgrades is also another area that needs work.  i maxed out my upgrades way too early.  overall, a good game if its free.  dont pay for it.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|very useful, especially the study plans. haven't had any problems with this app on my android phone or kindle fire.
B005HEUBYY|3.0|Even though the listing may say \\"Diary of a Wimply Kid Rodrick Rules\\" the blu-ray disc says \\"Diary of a Wimpy Kid Rodrick Rules\\". This 1-disc Blu-ray product (bar code 024543760467 [51]) is a bare-bones offering of the 01:39:33 movie \\"Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules\\" with 2.35:1 aspect letterboxed at 1920x1080 resolution. Although the player sees 91 titles on the disc, only title 1 (the 99 minute movie) is accessible from the menus. On startup, an 8 second FBI copyright notice is played, then title 86 (a 23 second 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment logo clip) and title 87 (a 00:49 digital copy promotion clip, a 02:26 'Rio' trailer, a 00:25 'Marley & Me: the Puppy Years' trailer and a 01:18 collage of Fox movies on blu-ray) before the menu is displayed. If you don't want the extras and the price is right, then this disc is for you.
B000FVQM2Y|5.0|All the familiar characters are present, but the setting and jargon has been updated to an affluent Southern California high school. If you are fascinated or intrigued by noir, or film genres and conventions, give this a try! The writing is excellent, and for all that there's plenty of California sunshine, there's plenty of dark, brooding atmosphere. JGL is naturally marvelous, inhabiting his character with all the miserable defensiveness of a teenager who doesn't want to play the game but is forced into it anyway. While the dialogue may seem overly artificial, it's not humorless; there's one fantastic scene that embraces the banality of suburbia in the midst of gangster delusions of grandeur. Also consider the soundtrack as a great exercise in minimalist and modern music.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|y do u have 2 unlock ur on game :( I have a lot of.money but they want me 2 spend it. why? I'm mad!!!!!!!!
1442346949|5.0|I am so glad that I got this book on CD, I am really enjoying listening to this CD, excellent. I received it within days of ordering it.
B005XQLBU4|3.0|simple and fun, gets a little difficult the more you go. big thumbs screws me towards later stages and makes faster missiles hard  to see
B005K17RU0|5.0|nice to know your weather before hand especially living in cleveland, ohio.  Now i know how to dress the next day.
B005ORVMT2|1.0|Unnatural sound due to no dynamics. Peart's amazing drumming has been emasculated lacking any force or presence, in effect has been rendered soft and limp. Let's face it people a huge amount of RUSH;s popularity and success is Neil's drumming! To those that say this Sector I remaster is great sounding I ask you this, have you compared Neil's drums to the original Mercury CD's or the original Canadian Anthem CD's [not the remasters]? Well I have, and surprisingly on the older Mercury and Anthems the drums sound amazing , like Neil is in the same room as me. On this Sector I edition it sounds as if they are coming from a 3rd gen tape which is being  played 1-2 feet underwater.<br /><br />Bottom line, if you want Mr Peart's Drums to sound as they should then get the original Mercury or original Canadian Anthem CD's. If you like puny limp artificial drum sound with no punch, power or slam then get the weak Sector 1 set. Wish I had known this before spending the money.
B004SBS8LA|4.0|Don't listen to the negitives.fun .worth a buck. tired of killing pigs.get this.on my kindle graphics are crisp n clear
B005HSG3VK|5.0|Purchased for my Kindle Fire is it light weight and does a great job. would purchase again if needed. Of course i got a hot pink like my grandaughters. Could use more color choices.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|like the different games.  wish they had more levels in each game,  also some games. are hard to understand how to play with the directions given
B005K2XP6Y|4.0|Good item, does the job. A little heavy though. I do wish I would have ordered a book-like cover instead-just so I don't have to pull out the kindle and store the sleeve. Otherwise it is good.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|amusing and fun. I do not have the ad problems that have been reported by others. And yes, I have the free version on my kindle fire.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|With all of the games offered for free, this package is groundbreaking for the mobile games industry. There is not a ton of individual blockbusters, but that is a different story. I rate this three stars because although it is a good value I subtracted one star for the low entertainment value for some of the games. I also subtracted a star because I was notified in the game that I would get a free 250,000 in-game points (You earn these for playing games and you use them to buy games) for rating the game which is the reason I'm rating it, but I wanted to punish it for following precedent of awarding points for what should be earned in the game.
0307891372|3.0|Indispensable book but the text is almost ludicrously tiny. This said, I can't imagine the book being much bigger, it's a tome already.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I like how we can choose what type of Bible we cab have. And the different speekers for the audio
B005M2A4D4|2.0|I've now ordered 2 of these sets of 6 DVDs. The first set had a disc 1 that would not play. At all. I didn't check the other 5 discs. I returned the item for refund. (replacement was not an option.) I ordered a new set. That set arrived and I found that disc 3 and disc 4 would start to play but would stop playing part way through. Disc 5 was literally in 2 pieces and, obviously, not playable.  I've returned this set for refund. (replacement was not an option.)  I'm not sure what cut rate place in China is making these so that the BBC can save a few pennies but the quality is terrible. Video compression is very high so that the DVDs can be made as single layer discs. (again to pump up that profit margin on something that is already over priced.)  As a result of the high compression the quality of the video is not at all what you would expect from a modern DVD.  BBC has seriously disappointed on this one. At least Amazon was willing to provide a refund. You can usually count on Amazon.
B004AOECUG|5.0|Cited by many critics as the best film of the decade, Martin Scorsese's masterpiece opened to critical reviews but was essentially shunned by audiences.  It is based on real life champion middle weight boxer Jake LaMotta whose career spanned from the early 40's to the mid-1950's.  He was a brutal fighter who prided himself on being able to take punishment.  His personal life was equally brutal as he punished his family both physically and mentally.  He is not very sympathetic and Scorsese doesn't pull any punches showing his meanness.<br /><br />Shot in an almost documentary style in black and white, Scorsese's fight sequences are a mixture of slow motion ballet combined with gladiator style violence.  As one of the excellent special features shows, the filmmakers were meticulous in recreating the fights with an almost punch-by-punch detail. Robert De Niro won the Oscar for best actor in the role of LaMotta.  It is a remarkable performance that must have taken its toll.  He gains over 50 pounds as we see Jake in the later stages of his life as a broken fighter and man, working as a stand-up comedian in smoky strip clubs.  Joe Pesci is brilliant as Jake's brother Joey and Cathy Moriarty in her first acting job plays Vickie, Jake's underage wife.  Both gained Oscar nominations.  \\"Raging Bull\\" may be difficult to watch, primarily because of De Niro's depiction of an almost evil LaMotta.  This is also the film's brilliance.<br /><br />This 30th Anniversary Blu ray/DVD combo package comes loaded with extras including 3 different commentaries, 4 new featurettes, Cathy Moriarty on \\"The Tonight Show\\" in 1981, newsreel fight footage, a shot-by-shot comparison and a few others.  The black and white transfer looks terrific but does show some grain as it should.  The DTS-HD Master Audio is excellent but usually the crowd noise is what will show up in the surrounds.  I did have to crank up the volume a bit more than usual to get some of the dialog.
B000GPIPSS|5.0|This two disc set is outstanding. I'm currently researching two Dracula-related projects. (A screenplay for a feature or TV adaptation and a short story/short film modernizing the legend.) My up-scaling Blu-Ray player makes it looks HD. Oh and I want to gloat, I got this two-disc 75th anniversary set LIKE NEW from the GOODWILL for $2. HA!
1451627289|5.0|What a shame that so many readers missed the great points.  Did it bother me how Al's voice seemed to shift between that of a blue-collarish diner owner 'n cook and of an English teacher? Perhaps.  Did I pause and look skyward at a blunt political message? Sure, BUT I sincerely hope you understand why he included it after reading the book.  Were there a couple of areas where suspensions of disbelief were, well, a bit too unbelievable? Yeah, but given the premise...  But here's the thing: You won't be disappointed if you trust Stephen King to squeeze your hands and lead you through these parts; to spin you around in a near-forgotten time of simpler-albeit-coarser-life; to inject you into the mind of someone who's weaving through plot, sub-plot, super-plot and back and forth; to color you, feed you, disturb you, clothe you, scare you, beat you, hug you, age you, love you, impale you; and to ultimately face you with tough decisions. After reading 11/22/63, I hope you will be much more grateful and tolerant and loving, more purposeful and MUCH less regretful.  Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar and bad things happen to help us grow and make us stronger and more compassionate.  Please, whatever you do, do not get caught up in the time travel intricacies and paradoxes. Do NOT take the word of reviewers like Hoonfresh who view the fleshy scenes as, ironically, some folks of yore might have viewed their town's first Playboy issue on the local store's magazine rack. I tried to include a clickable link to Hoonfresh's 1-star review, but Amazon forbade me. Hoonfresh bears striking resemblance to a certain belly-growing-slimming board member.  This book is about life and death and the crap that we create in between that's often unnecessary but underscores our lower-level-in-the-evolutionary-scale residue that holier-than-thous would never admit.  Suspend your disbelief, wade into King's cool, moonlit-glittering waters of an era not fully captured by old movies and nearly lost byits aging generation. Allow the all-too-disturbing-yet-realistic situations to make you care...again. Let the delicate petals of love embrace and envelop you while you sense the unfair, impending disaster that looms. Then live. And learn. And live a lot more!  Thank you, Stephen King.
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|I really like this case.  By itself I would have no complaints about how it protects my Kindle Fire.  The \\"stand-up\\" viewing feature is not as handy as they make it appear in the video but for my purposes I'm holding my Kindle Fire, even to view video so the stand is not a dealbreaker.  I wanted a clear screen protector so I went to Best Buy and purchased the Zagg screen protector with the lifetime guarantee.  I had Best Buy install the shield and was very happy with it, no fingerprints or lint under the protector.  I put the Kindle Fire in my new Marware Cover and was very happy with the results.  For about a week I didn't use my Fire and left it in the Marware case securely held in place with the elastic band.  When I opened my case a week later and powered up my Fire I did not immediately notice a problem.  It wasn't until I opened a book (I use the bright white screen for books)...at that time a noticed a black line across the screen permanently pressed into the ZAGG screen protector.  It was caused by the \\"hand strap\\" which is a convenient feature for putting your hand through the back of the cover while you're holding the Fire to keep it steady.  If the case had not had this strap the cover would have fit flush across the entire screen and even held closed or with a bit of weight in a backpack there would have been an even amount of pressure on the entire screen.  But the hand strap causes the cover to sit unevenly on the screen and what it did was put a black imprint on the screen the size of the hand strap.  Knowing this I'd probably either warn users to forego the clear plastic screen protectors OR use the \\"kindle-sized\\" piece of black foam that shipped with your kindle fire to protect it, and place that foam inside the case so there's constant pressure across the screen preventing the strap marks from leaving the lines across the screen protector.  Hopefully ZAGG will replace the protector.
B000LTAY1U|5.0|Great watch, amazing price, I picked it up for 55$ mid december and could not be happier with the quality. Easy to read, minutes on the outer loop, hours inner. Mine gains approximately 1.75 seconds per day, which is pretty good compared to other mechanical watches. The second hand cannot be adjusted by turning the crown, only the minutes and hours, so setting the second hand is not easy, or straightforward at all. It would be possible to let the watch unwind over time, and then start it up when the time matched the second hand, however that would be pointless.  Water resistent, not to be submerged, even swimming pools are not recommended. I personally do not shower with mine on, even if the watch could handle it, the band is cloth and will fade.  The illuminated hands glow All Night Long. When i wake up to a dark room at 6:50 am my watch is still very easily read. Being the child that I am I will often take a flashlight and hold it on against the dial, charging up the glow paint (not Tritium) to see just how bright they will get. I don't imagine this effects the life, but you should probably read up on that because it very well may. Anyway, the dial becomes ridiculously bright and glows a small area around the watch(Walls, one's own face, etc.)
B0011UJMK2|5.0|This book was a great surprise in that I bought it on a whim and it turned out to be a very great read.  It engaged me from the beginning and swept me through to the end.  I think that anyone who loves a mystery will love this book.  Even the setting in Russia seems so real and the author managed to make you see the snow, the desperation of its characters and even the political climate of the country at the time.
B006OFN0SE|3.0|This movie seems to be a natural choice among the current movies in the movie theatres around where I am. The subject matter of the movie is very well chosen. J. Edgar Hoover is a key person in American history and an interesting one too. Leonardo DiCaprio is giving a good performance in the movie. However, I am not totally delighted with Clint Eastwood's ability as a director, Eastwood appears to be a very emotional director, but he lacks technique. I think Eastwood should team up with a technical whiz-kid for his next movie. And who is the greatest technical whiz-kid in the movie business? Well, without having a too great overview, I would point at Danish director Lars von Trier. So I think Lars von Trier and Clint Eastwood should join forces behind the camera, in a truely cooperative spirit. The result of such a venture could be epic in all respects. But back to the movie, if you are going to the movies now, around where I am, this is a good choice.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game it always keeps me coming bake its awesome every one should get this app because I love it
B0063IH60K|5.0|The graphics are pretty good. I like how you can customize background and cards. There's only one ad between games so you're never even interrupted. Definitely recommend this game!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I purchased this app for my Kindle Fire. I really enjoy playing. I love the card movement and I like the updated version more, with the larger time, movement count and score making it easier to read. It's a a very addicting game. Enjoy!
B0062NAX1U|5.0|Excellent story.  Excellent photography.  I work with felons 1:1 inside the prison system. The premise of the movie is true. Absent/uninvolved fathers are 20x more likely to have a child spending time in jail. If you really want to know how powerful this film is, read the reviews of the intolerant critics. The intolerant do not bother with truly boring films.
B006C1DH92|5.0|Did you just not see the warning? May not work good on samsung devices? Gimme a break people! This game rocks on kindle fire!
0307949508|3.0|I loved \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" so naturally its sequal would be stellar too, or so I thought. Where the first was an original murder-mystery/who-done-it thriller that kept the reader guessing to the end, this was just another \\"thriller\\" with the same cast as the first but without the \\"fun\\" of \\"...Dragon..\\". \\"...Fire..\\" takes a while to get going and when some of the pieces come together it's kind of a let-down. The plot from has potential but it fizzles out in the end.<br /><br />I know it was originally written in Sweedish but the UK English translation is pretty annoying at times; using British slang and terminology got old. Another issue I had was with all the Swedish names I got characters confused which made it hard to follow at times.<br /><br />Overall it was okay, nothing super special, and certainly not as good as the first. You can read this without reading the first but you can't read this THEN read the first without having the story spoiled.
B006AZZPCM|2.0|this app suddenly dies on me when I try to download ANY video. it says it has unreadable content or my network sucks whenever I try to download videos &gt;:(
B005I6EVUG|5.0|I enjoyed this cover for my Kindle fire.  It made the item a complete package. I would highly recommend this product to anyone.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|it's angry birds. I have no idea why peoply are saying its not ad free well I do but the ads don't interfear its amazing
B005HSL626|5.0|soooo addicting i love it! a got to have app,entertaining,good time waster &amp; just a good game over all! recommended for everyone.
B005HSL626|5.0|this app is awesome! I downloaded it for my kindle fire and my sister is always on it trying to beat my high score! this should be considered a medicine because it cures boredom! ;D. definately worth getting
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Great product, works exactly as intended. Only had a little bit of an issue setting it up, turns out you need to login to your google account on both the kindle and your home comp. Once that was done it was great and easy.
B005VTGB0S|5.0|I don't know how a protective case could be much thinner. (Unless it were rigid plastic, in which case it probably wouldn't have the stand feature.) It is just an inch thick, iPad included. The leather exterior is what we used to call \\"Morocco\\" leather, a finish that lends durability to a thin layer. The interior is a darker gray crushed velvet-looking material. Most attractive. As you can see, there are corner velcro/elastics to hold the iPad, a well-designed set of indentations so that you can choose the angle at which to have your machine held, and another elastic band on the outside that you flip over to hold the case shut for transport or storage. I have been consistently happy with Amazon Basics offerings (and the logo on this one is more subtle - just embossed into the leather) and this is no exception.<br /><br />UPDATE, 12/18/2012: Gotta new Kindle Fire HD 8.9\\" and am delighted that this works quite well with it. It means I don't have to rush out to buy a protective case for the Kindle, which is smaller than the iPad but still fits in albeit somewhat gingerly prior to the modification described below. Initially I put the black-elastic strap across the Kindle which covered the screen a bit. Then I took 1\\"-wide non-roll black elastic and simply threaded it through the little corner elastics, stretched it just right and sewed it together after having ascertained that the Kindle fit perfectly. One seam and done. I am actually more pleased with this arrangement than with the click-on cases that I have for other devices that are so hard to remove without damaging the item they're meant to protect. I am delighted to discover this cross-use for something I already had.
B001C1066E|5.0|So I got this as a Christmas present and I just LOVE IT. It's so cute and soft!<br /><br />There are a few things I'm not so satisfied with about it though.<br />-IT DOES NOT LOOK LIKE THE GOOGLY-EYED ADORABLE FROG IN THE PICTURE.<br />-Its eyes are made of felt and it's pretty small. I can hold the whole thing in the palm of my hand.<br />-If you \\"feed\\" the frog too much over a long period of time, there's eventually gonna be a hole at the sides of the \\"mouth.\\"<br /><br />I already have 1 hole to the left of the mouth, but it wasn't really much of a bother 'cause you really can't see it.<br />The cuteness is so overwhelming that it cancels out all these problems.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|great Bible for my kindle &amp; awesome reading plans. love it &amp; all the different translations. and best part: it's free.
B0063IH60K|5.0|this is so much fun even though I really suck at this game. keep making amazing games like this one!!!
B005HSG3TC|4.0|Nothing too overwhelming, no bells no whistles just a basic cover that does it's job protecting my kindle fire.  I like the sleek look and thought the cover protecting the screen would rip evelutally but is holding up very well.  I really like it.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I like to play spider while watching, or I should say listen, to Tv. It help passes the time for me. Love the game.....
B002JVWR4A|5.0|I really enjoy this show.  Have to say the start of the season really annoyed me & I speant many times making nasty comments at booths annoying girlfriend.  Anyhow the cliffhanger at the end makes it all worthwhile.  Loving all the characters of bones. Can't wait to purchase season 6!
B001UV4XIS|5.0|I like this move as long as a book. You should read the book first to fully understand this movie.
B006H3MIV8|5.0|I don't understand all the negative feedback to this compilation. People have been covering Bob Dylan songs for many years with their own interpretations. If everyone just played the songs the same way Bob Dylan did, it would be mundane and one might as well just listen to the originals.  This is eighty different artists from varying musical backgrounds performing their own renditions of Bob Dylan's music. Not every song is a perfect 10 out of 10, but it is worth buying and donating to a wonderful cause.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|I like this move as long as a book. You should read the book first to fully understand this movie.  I own now whole set of books and DVDs about this great fantasy.
B004SYP5WC|5.0|For anyone looking for a program to keep track of bill and reminders to pay them this is for you. Absolutely excellent.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|as you can tell by my title this game is super fun!! I strongly recommend this game! buy it! its worth itt
B004I8WD6E|5.0|This is the 4th case I have tried for my iPhone 4s. None of the previous cases fit properly. This case fits perfectly, and is a very nice quality, especially for the price. Highly recommend!
B0063IH60K|4.0|This is always a good game on anything...this one I am rating is on my Kindle Fire.  It is a game everyone should have.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|great with skitch on my tab (kindle fire)! i use it as a notebook now with a stylus. no need to keep my notebooks stacked up in my room. sadly I get conflicting note error sometimes and can only fix from my Pc, good thing data dosen't get lost. Apart from that I will also like to note that I don't. find it convenient to take notes on a cell but if you need to review your notes then you should get this on your cell. Overall I underestimated this app when I 1st saw it on my phone sense I found it useless but on my tab alongside with skitch this app is now a daily used app of with I can find my self not using it in the future.  p.s. if the conflicting note problem is fixed then in my book this app is a 5 out of 5
0439023521|5.0|I absolutely loved this book!  I couldn't put it down and had the entire trilogy downloaded and read on my kindle within the week.  I highly recommend this book for anybody and truly hope the movie turns out to be great as well.
0553386794|5.0|i love that the song of fire and ice books put the reality in fantasy.  These are not all chivalrous knights and damsels in distress, but corrupted kings and lusty women.  The sex and violence is there along with the political intrigue.  I'm on the fourth book now and have not been so interested in a series since the dark towers.<br /><br />Review by Drew D'Amato author of [[ASIN:B006J2OERI Bloodlines]]
0439023513|4.0|While I loved the first two books in this trilogy, this one I didn't so much love.  There were parts of the story I found genuinely enjoyable and I absolutely loved the way the author ended the hunger games series but there were also parts I found a lot less interesting than either of the previous books had been.  I liked the book, but could have done without some of the politics in it, though I understand why the author felt the were necessary.
B003L1ZXCU|5.0|I hate when thrillers dance along the ledge of being ground-breaking and a world changing conclusion, only to go back to the status quo.  Read any Dan Brown-Robert Langdon novel.  This one doesn't, the sequel itself raises the stakes and takes it to a next level.  The research and detail is thorough and the suspense turns every page for itself.  Definitely a great read.  Review by Drew D'Amato author of [[ASIN:B006J2OERI Bloodlines]]
0375826742|2.0|This book is long.  And the long in which I am referring to here is not long as in had many pages long; I mean it took a long time to read due to just how very boring it is.  I loved Eragon and Eldest enough to finish it and I am really hoping that the \\"boring\\" from this book will be excusable by setting up the finale to be absolutely great now that we all have a better understanding of the politics of the various races concerned.  To anyone looking to read this book, the tone and pace of it are very different from that of the first two.  Definitely not a book I would recommend.
1400079144|3.0|I'll start out with the good aspects of this novel.  There was suspense, and yes the little trivial facts about Washington D.C. and the symbols were very cool.  Now the negative.  If you have read Angels and Demons, The DaVinci Code, and then this you'll start to feel like I did--his books are madlibs.  He simply replaces every character and scene from the last novel.  Start with a murder.  Next Langdon gets drawn into the choas.  He is introduced to a woman connected to the person who is killed, and also for a subplot, a love story that never really materializes.  Suspect that in is some underground group behind it all, but it turns out to just be one man behind all the scenes.  Interesting unknown facts thrown around everywhere, but the conclusion is always the same.  This is a Robert Langdon novel--expect nothing less.  Review by Drew D'Amato author of [[ASIN:B006J2OERI Bloodlines]]
0439023491|5.0|I loved the second book almost as much as the first which is something I cannot honestly say for many sequels.  I loved the new charters and the old ones as well.  If you enjoyed Hunger Games, this is a must read.
0307237699|5.0|The book was in a good condition and sent as expected from standard shipping.  Overall a good deal online than in a college bookstore.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Probably my favorite app so far. Defidently worth the money. It's a nice way to kill time while still ingaging the mind.
B004NS710C|2.0|Unstoppable is a really pedestrian film that bad in all departments except that Denzel helps drag it above the quality level of an episode of Burn Notice. The basic premise is that a train carrying some toxic chemicals has been sent on its driver-less way because the driver decided to get out of the hotseat after pressing the \\"Go\\" button. The obstacles and problems are all the sorts of things you'd get at a Screenwriters 101 course:<br /><br />- There is a train full of schoolchildren coming the other way.<br />- The head boss corporate guy is trying to cover it up and/or cut corners.<br />- There's a nice little town in the way that looks like Main Street 50 years ago and it's going to get wiped out.<br /><br />Although not a total train wreck (excuse the pun), I think director Tony Scott needs to step up his game.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|I like it.  I found a very well used gerber knife.  In a few strokes I honed a razor's edge.  The serator works very well also.
B005FITIGO|5.0|I really love the straight forward drama captured in this movie. Great actors fit into their roles effectively. Not the type of movie with hyped criminal activity, no perp walks, and no moral grandstanding. It presents the more nuanced aspects of working for a large corporate entity whose sole focus is survival. It lets you see how these characters deal with the conflict between following a strict ethical path and practically ensuring your own demise, or bending the rules so that you and your company may have a chance to survive. While many of us would prefer the ideal protagonist to self sacrifice and do the ethical thing, would would a real person do when their way of life, their paycheck is on the line? How far would you be sucked in? Would you be able to walk away once you've had enough, or will it be too late? The movie provides you with a perspective, an answer, without the fluff.
0553801473|5.0|George R R Martin is a genius!!!  This series is absolutely phenomenal.  I am also watching The Game of Thrones on HBO.  I am looking forward to watching each book come alive through this tv series, Im actually going to read book 2 before season 2 starts, its going to be awesome!!!
B005VTGB0S|3.0|For some this will be just what they are looking for. For others this will be a disaster. The first thing to consider is- will you be using the camera? If so, skip the rest of the review and don't buy this case. There are no camera holes.<br /><br />The velcro was so tight it was hard to get my iPad 2 into the corners. However, that meant that the iPad was securely held in place which is good. There was enough overhang beyond the iPad to provide protection if it gets dropped. The elastic band will keep the cover tightly held to the iPad screen. The exterior is washable so you can keep the case clean. The 3 grooves provide all the angles you will need for viewing. The strong leather smell of other cases was not present on the Amazon version.<br /><br />I have several cases. I love them all and use them under different conditions. I use the Marware at home and really like it. For trips, I use the Snugg because its easier to clean and has better viewing angles for video entertainment. The Amazon is the cheapest but for $7 more I would prefer either the Snugg or the Marware. TYPi is $79 versus about $29 for the others. What you get for the $50 is the blue tooth keypad. You can compare features of 3 other cases with the Amazon Basics case.<br /><br />Case material:<br />TYPi- tan suede, soft, beautiful, elegant but it can only take light cleaning. I would bet that in time your hand oils will create stains. That might be the only reason you would choose the black option. If you know of a way to keep the original appearance, the tan is awesome.<br />Marware- smooth, washable exterior, rough leather interior<br />Snugg- washable exterior, smooth washable interior<br /><br />iPad protection:<br />TYPi- large overhang of case provides best protection, no hand strap to secure iPad while using<br />Snugg- some overhang, good hand strap when open, reliable protection<br />Marware- iPad comes almost to edge, best hand strap, some protection<br /><br />Viewing angles:<br />TYPi- 3snaps to lock strap that holds iPad from 60-90 degrees, strap also magnetically binds cover closed<br />Snugg- has flap to tuck cover into and provides good viewing angle for photos and video, low angle and high angle<br />Marware- single flap to provide low angle, solid<br /><br />Camera and ports, controls- all equally excellent<br /><br />If you do not use the camera and cost is a factor, the Amazon Basics is a very satisfactory case. If you want everything and cost is not important, go for the TYPi.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|absolutely love this app.  it us extremely easy to use and contains so many great tools like different Bible translations.  try it, you'll love it!
B005HSG3TC|5.0|Easy to use. Took it out of the box and snapped it right on. It's not big or bulky so it fits easily right in my purse. My son likes that it can stand up on its own when watching things off of Prime.
159514188X|5.0|This is one of my favorite books of all time!  I first read it when I was 13 and I adored it. I re read this book at 17 and still devoured it in one sitting. Clay is an amazing character that you sympathize with and deeply care about. Hearing his take on the story and Hanna's was extremely interesting to hear. Every new tape I would be totally engrossed in and desperate for more information. This story is not a feel good story. It is extremely deep and dark and will have you thinking about it days later. I loved this story so much Ithat i recommended it to my English teacher to use as one of her in class books. Also any friend who needs a good book to read I rave about this one! I have never come across anyone who doesn't like it. So this book is worth your time, effort, and money!
B004HV54TU|2.0|The mouse is awesome - love the vertical design and programmable buttons, however it's not working for me as well as I had hoped. I wish I had known that I would need a wrist rest for it. Because of the vertical design, the wrist and arm sit higher and unsupported. The thumb actually takes a lot of the stress of moving the mouse around so basically I have just exchanged pain from the wrist and index finger to the thumb and wrist. I keep both mice - mouses? LOL - plugged in and switch when my hand gets fatigued. I find the thumb side buttons a bit difficult to use - I have to brace my hand to support the extra pressure during click or the mouse moves around too much. Also there's a bit of extra fatigue for the arm and wrist since you have to wield the mouse a bit differently and pick it up a lot to re-situate it on the screen/mouse pad. I think with modification to your workspace - a wrist rest and plenty of room for mousing - this could be a good way to avoid certain stresses. However if you have RA and/or other exciting joint pain and inflammation, this mouse is not a cure-all.
B0055SWM08|5.0|i absolutely love this game:) it's a lot of fun. i would definitely recommend it. it's a good time killer. it's worth every penny!!
B005HJWWW8|4.0|The Fiio E6 Headphone Amplifier is amazing for the price range! I is very neutral sounding in terms of Dark or light. Just straight amplification. It will make any pair of decent headphones shine! It is not over complicated either, just Volume +/- and a multi-function power/EQ switch. This product is even aesthetically pleasing. I recommend this product for anyone who needs a little extra Ooomph in their headphone listening experience.
0783116934|5.0|I just saw this movie, never heard of it before. I loved this movie mainly because of Stephen Rea's performance, and the friendship that developed between the Donald Sutherland and Stephen Rea characters. Before I saw this movie, I saw the documentary of this serial killer on the ID Discovery channel, so this was true story. I highly recommend this movie. The performances were just great!
1451627289|5.0|There are some books that feel like a landslide-- I get so caught up in them, it seems like they just swallow me up. This is one of those books. I'm a longtime fan of King's-- started reading him in high school or maybe even middle school, some of my favorites of his include Hearts of Atlantis (this is probably my absolute favorite of his), Different Seasons, The Shining, Misery, Everything's Eventual. I count him as one my favorite authors, top ten easily. But I'm not always taken with his books. However, something told me (whispered at me?) to read 11/22/63, and within the first few pages, I was HOOKED.  I don't want to give away any spoilers because I hate spoilers myself, but I will say that King's imagination is still incredible, and sound. It amazed me as I read-- I thought at several different points in the book, HOW many books has this guy written? And here's this fresh story, an epic really, at 849 pages-- and the characters and backdrop are right there, as if you could touch them. In typical King form for readers familiar with his work, he drops names we know (Castle Rock, Shawshank), so the story is set not in New England, but in King's New England, with its horrors always right there underneath the surface. He hasn't lost his creepiness; I went into the book thinking this was about the JFK assassination, not horror, but he gets that eerie vibe in there almost right away. There were several points, in the wee hours when I couldn't put the book down, that I had a chill up my spine and didn't want to move around too much for fear of encountering one of his terrifying characters.  I highly recommend.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This fits the kindle fire extremely well. Very light weight and doesn't interfere when using the kindle. Seems durable and helps protect the kindle.
0312641893|4.0|I have two people lined up to read this now that I'm done.  I thought I knew where this was going - I mean, who doesn't know the Cinderella story?  I was wrong.  Yes, the basic outline is there, easily accessible if you need it.  The trimmings are new and different, keeping me reading.  The last chapter was a big surprise, and that's all I'm going to say about that.  Fans of the original story, and recent permutations, will most likely enjoy this.  Science fiction readers, especially younger females, have something that speaks to them a bit more directly than most space operas tend to do.  Some of the major plot points are telegraphed, but not enough to spoil the story.  This would make an interesting movie - George Lucas???
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is addictive and great. easy, simple, and fun to play in times of boredom and idleness. awesome app!
B004U52VPS|5.0|I love the concept of this game...I bought it for my husband, but my 2yr old loves it the best.  The strategy is simple, and similar to other kid friendly games...but I dont like that for what it is, it has limited pieces.  It DEFINITELY needs and *expansion pack*.  I added another *tumbling tower* game to it...to add on to the fun...now if I could just find more birds and pigs!  Otherwise the game is a hit and my family enjoys the time together.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Good for free games. I like how you earn points for new games. Well worth it. The more coins you earn....the better the games. Some games are silly but some are fun. Lots to choose from.
B00002N9ER|3.0|After buying these as a replacement for an old pair I had that broke a while ago. I was very skeptical due to the bad reviews. But I was sick of my flashlight not being available at the garage door where I originally placed the clips. So I plunked down my money, re-installed the brackets and now very carefully (knowing how they will break again) put my maglite in place and remove just as carefully. Buyer beware but still a useful tool.
125000568X|5.0|40 Years Of Queen is essentially the best Crackerjack box ever. From cover to cover, there's a million cool bits and pieces of memorabilia that will have you staring in absolute awe. I've tried several times to sit down and read it, which should be easy since the text seems to only cover the highlights, but then I keep getting distracted by the sleeves holding all the pictures and posters and stickers!  I would recommend, if possible, buying two copies so you can hang up all the cool stuff without feeling guilty.
B005MYEPXC|5.0|Blu-ray quality, a favorable Amazon price, and Owen Wilson channeling Woody Allen... it doesn't get much better than this!  One of the most enjoyable, intelligent, and clever films that I've seen in quite some time.  Can't imagine it will win Best Picture at the Academy Awards, but how cool that it was nominated!!!
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|needs to have a way to manage notes easier.  Also would like to see add a calender thar you could add your to do list to.
B0063IH60K|4.0|fun little app - could use some options for types of solitaire xxxxc bbbb. jjjjn ksjdncbzm sidjxbxkxk jsjdbdj zhzhdbxb shdjxhs scudhdbxn sjsjsbsbsj.
B0058YPG1G|5.0|Breaking Bad is the best show on television. Period. The first episode started off right away a whole head above anything else I'd ever seen, and since then it has started a meteoric rise in quality and not slumped or leveled off once. After marathoning three seasons in two weeks, I was able to watch season 4 unfold slowly, as Breaking Bad is want to do, and I see its genius even more clearly. Vince Gilligan has taken a page from David Simon's book and limited his writing team to less than ten people, allowing him to impose his unique vision more clearly, and the results lurk beneath the surface of the whole season in the paranoid Walter's slow-burning rivalry with Gus before exploding in the final episodes with the jaw-dropping consequences of Mr. White's continued decision to \\"break bad\\". Jesse takes an awesomely dark turn in character, Gus makes a smooth transition from Walter's partner to his mortal enemy, bed-ridden Hank gets crazier than usual, and Skylar becomes even more involved in Walt's business. All in all, season 4 continues the trend of each season of Breaking Bad raising the bar in terms of jaw-dropping moments, superb writing, fascinating character development, and some of the best acting ever from Bryan Cranston, Anna Gunn, Aaron Paul, Giancarlo Esposito, Bob Odenkirk, Dean Norris, RJ Mitte, Jonathan Banks, and the colorful cast of the ever-expanding look at the Mexican side of the Meth trade. As Walter's world becomes even darker and more dangerous, my fascination simply grows more and more.
B006OOHYIC|5.0|Engaging fun and a challenge. I'm recommending it to all my friends. I wish there were more games like this.
B003JTHESA|1.0|First off, I'm a life long fan. But not anymore.  I did not find one song that I reached out and wanted me to play for someone who did not know of Maiden. As a matter of fact, I did not make it through one complete song. The lyrics sounded like Bruce was standing still reading a script for a job interview. Mostly just him talking in a high loud whisper with no melody at all. Look at \\"Dance of Death\\" (the song) And you can see a huge difference. There was no driving bass lines anywhere.  This album was so mean looking by the cover (as was the last one with the tank on it) but it was just really lazy and boring sounding (as was the last one with the tank on it!) Good-bye \\"Dance of Death\\" and hello to \\"This IS your daddy's Iron Maiden!\\" Old and out of ideas. Time to retire and listen to RUSH, a band that is STILL getting better and better!
B0063IH60K|5.0|For a free game MobilityWare's Solitaire meets all my expectations... recommend highly for anyone seeking the classic solitaire experience.  A &quot;can't miss&quot; download.
B005WMQ5R8|5.0|Speedracer, F-zero, gumball 3000, Wipeout, and a truck carrying 35 unicorns (because they have neon-rainbow blood) smashed into each, and Redline was born in a blaze of nuclear glory!  The 5 star rating is for how refreshing it was.  I appreciate some greats of anime, but I can admit just the word anime makes me uneasy because its has too many cliche pitfalls...this movie looks and feels so good you don't even care its anime.  If you never liked the feel of speed racer you might not be interested, but give it a test drive just in case... because the art and energy of this film is undeniable.  Yes, it has plenty of crazy and wonderfully japanese themes: like intergalactic war in the future, massive Gojira-like monster fights, and even a sappy love story. At its core though is racing.  This is the craziest over-the-top racing movie, I have ever seen. Its overflowing with mind-numbing colors, art, and sound. Crazy Beautiful.
B0052U59F4|1.0|The sample for this book completely mislead me. Someone compared it to \\"Beautiful Disaster\\", which I absolutely loved but this does not compare. When I started this book I thought there would be a better story-line, instead this story went absolutely no where. I like being told of the qualities that attract one person to the other in a romance. Instead the same qualities that Ana hated about Christian are the qualities she can't resist, I'm sorry, but that makes no sense. There is little character development for the other characters, instead they just pop in and out. Although I am a fan of explicit scenes in books it just seemed like that's all this book consisted of. Every action and conversation led to Ana and Christian having sex. Kate is supposed to be a strong bossy woman but a couple of dances with Christians brother and she's putty in his hands. I'm sorry but this is so unbelievable, can anyone in this world have a relationship that develops instead of spontaneously happy?  Why does Ana just all of a sudden need him so badly? I just didn't enjoy the story of their relationship. I feel like much more could have happened in this book in terms of Ana's relationship with Christian. All in all this was a disappointing book. Against my better judgement I took a chance because I wanted to see the development of the relationship but it was not worth the $10. In my opinion $10 was too much for a book of this caliber.  Ana is too flip floppy. I think her major problem is she can't stand up for herself. She can't hold her ground with Kate who's just a friend, but all of a sudden she wants to try standing up with Christian. WHO THE HELL JUST SIGNS A CONTRACT TO NOT SAY ANYTHING ABOUT A RELATIONSHIP WITH A PERSON THEY JUST MET? I mean she can't even talk to her own friend about it? To make things worse she only does this because she wants to sleep with him so badly. Talk about no self restraint and she's supposed to be a virgin. In this day and age I think it is virtually impossible to be a college graduate and not know about sex and what is \\"normal\\" for sex. The whole naive thing that Ana had going on was not believable. She could have been a virgin and still had the knowledge about sex.  Also this author needs to make up her mind when it comes to whether Ana is from America or the England because she's mixing it up. Also how hard is it to give back gifts if you don't want them? I think I may have forgotten some points that I hated while reading the book but oh well.  If you want a story with 5% story and 95% sex then go right ahead and purchase this book for $10. I'm going to go reread Beautiful disaster.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|an awesome app to mess around with if you are bored. Could use a harder difficulty though. oher than that, :)
B004SJ3BCI|1.0|Make comments later.However, I would say people like the game for fun. Sometimes, it really can heal pain in mind.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun games although the re action time is a little slow. but my 5 year old doesn't care. keeps him entertainted
B005K17RU0|4.0|only thing I would change is seeing today's high and low in a more convenient place. other than that, its great. love how it looks.
B000059POY|5.0|I don't remember where or how I saw this film, but I do remember seeing it. Strictly a guy film and I grew up during these times.It does takes me back and I'm glad you guys had it available.
B0061JPYX2|5.0|When Our Day Will Come and Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow? came out it was the early 60s, I was a teenager, and I remember disliking both songs... but Amy breathes life into both songs that neither ever... ever possessed before. The Girl from Ipanema by G&G I enjoyed very much when it came out, but Amy nails it in her own unique and soulful way and makes it her own. Over all this is a wonderful collection. The only song I disliked was Like Smoke which was more like fingernails on a blackboard. But that's only one. The other eleven are well worth the price. But don't drive and listen... The child will wrench your soul and make you weep.
1423113454|5.0|ick Riordan is a fabulous author who does his research well.  I know my Greek Mythology and he captures it very well in his Percy Jackson and the Olympians series.  This is why I was so excited to begin reading The Kane Chronicles, the first book of which is The Red Pyramid.  This series sets place in the same universe as the Percy Jackson series - Riordan even gives us a bit of fan service by making references to Gods living in Manhattan - but follows the Egyptian Gods and the magicians who use to worship them.  The characters we're following stationed in Brooklyn.  We follow brother and sister, Carter and Sadie Kane, who were separated when Sadie was 6 and Carter 8, only to be brought together again by some very unusual events which send them on a harrowing journey neither of them ever expected and all to save their father.  An interesting element to this story is that Carter and Sadie are mixed-raced.  Their father is black and their deceased mother was white.  Sadie looks more white and so the few times she does get to see her brother and father, people give them all odd looks.  So you get to see what life is like for children who look so different but are siblings at the same time.  Carter was also raised by his father and traveled around the world, home-schooled while Sadie was raised by her mother's parents - who wanted nothing to do with their grandson - in England and had a far more normal life.  Suddenly these two kids have to learn to trust and rely on one another to save their father and their own lives.  They soon learn that this is all far bigger than they ever expected...
0385535139|4.0|The book does not deviate much from the formula that made John Grisham a mega-selling success and that is very much a good thing. Sure he has gotten off track a couple of times recently but for the most part \\"The Litigators\\" delivers. The courtroom scenes zip along and the secondary story serves it purpose well. If you like Grisham, you will like this. If you if have been ambivalent towards him the past there is probably nothing here that will convert you over.
1423140591|5.0|When The Son of Neptune came out, I was so excited!  I dove right into this story and never came up for air until it was over.  Riordan has a way of weaving an exciting, death defying story that just sucks you in.<br /><br />In this story, we follow Percy who has lots his memories and finds himself at a Roman Camp for Demigods.  The only vague memory he has is of a young woman named Annabeth who he instinctively knows is his girlfriend and he needs to find her.<br /><br />On his quest to rediscover who he is, Percy finds himself in the middle of an impossible quest:  He has only five days to go make it up to Alaska with the help of only two people, Hazel, daughter of Pluto, and Frank, a Demi-God who has yet to be claimed by his father.<br /><br />His task:  He must defeat a giant who has captured Thanatos, God of Death, and who cannot die as long as he is in his homeland.  And wouldn't you know that his homeland is... you guessed it, Alaska!<br /><br />With Death captured, none of the monsters Percy and his new friends face stay dead for more than a few minutes.  What's more, Gaia, the Goddess of Earth, is trying to awaken and overtake Olympus and informs Percy that he has a key role to play in her plans.<br /><br />How can Percy meet his deadline with monsters you can't kill, a giant who can't die, and the Goddess of Earth trying to stop him?  Get the book and find out!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|this is a great app. especially if you are a tablet user.  I was able to login to my home computer with no problem.  very cool.
1451627289|5.0|I found it hard to put down \\"11/22/63\\". I enjoyed this much more than \\"The Dome\\". I like that King asks \\"What if there were a 'rabbit hole' in time?\\" And then, builds a believeable reality around that. The writing is tight and well paced. Five out of five stars from me.
B000QRIGLC|5.0|Wow, what can I say about this book to make you run out and read it? Marcus is in every sense of the word an \\"American Patriot\\" at it's best. The bravery, the loss, the pain, the fear, the courage and B#@ls as big as bowling balls of Marcus Luttrell make this book a don't put down until you finish it kind of book.<br /><br />For those who have strong opinions about President Bush, the media or killing, you probably won't like this book, but read it anyway. With that said I am one of those bleeping liberals Marcus speaks so highly of (wink). It simply did not stop or deter me from reading on or take away from the punch of this book. I absolutely support our armed forces and all that they stand for. So even though I support my political party I am also bright enough to see both sides of an issue and respect every persons opinion as just that an opinion, we all have em. Marcus and all men and women like him put their lives on the line for \\"us' the people of the United States of America; Democrats, Republicans and Independents everyday and I for appreciate them.<br /><br />No matter what your feelings about the war are, Marcus' words will make your heart swell with American pride, your belly ache for what he went through and make your eyes brim (if not full out cry like I did)with tears for the pain he endured physically and the pain of heartbreak for the men he loved like brothers.<br /><br />Marcus manages to slip in his sense of humor which helped the ache in my belly on more than one occasion.<br /><br />I have children; I can only imagine what his parents and brother were going through.<br /><br />It seems so inadequate but Thank You Marcus I as one of the \\"People of the United States\\" will hold you and all the men and women who serve, past, present and future, and those who have lost their lives in service to our great country in my prayers today and always.
B005SQ3AI0|5.0|After having watched a recent documentary, I decided to pursue a purchase.  I'm glad I did.  Her alleged diva antics aside, her voice is sumptuous and expressive.  Unlike the singers of today who never actually sing a melody line, she simply sings a song and let's it stand on it's own merit.  Naturally there are occasional extemporizations because you're dealing with the jazz idiom but it never intrudes on the song itself.  What you're left with is soulful, sensual singing.  This is real artistry on full display, perfect for the discerning, sophisticated adult.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|Nice game.  Well designed and good graphics.  Works perfectly on my ATRIX.  I hope they make more games of this quality.
B0063GORYU|5.0|great game. very addictive. keep you busy for hours. i have not found any bugs or glitches. great family app.
B00028HBKM|5.0|Came on time. Works great and has no scratches on the dvd! I would do business with you again. Most likely will buy more dvd's from you in the future.
B004FRX0MY|5.0|i love this app, i use it all the time for buying and listening to my music !! it works perfectly every time !! i only wish amazon would have allowed access to the other files that are stored on my amazon cloud drive such as documents and photos.
B002K4MAA2|5.0|Its zombie apocalypse set around The Big Brother House. It sounds horrible when you first read that because if you like me you wouldn't dare watch that horrible show but this is genuinely good. Story line keeps you interested and good character development.I definitely enjoyed it. My only complaint is they really need to release it under region 1 so more people can enjoy it.
B00631VJLE|5.0|\\"Dark Adrenaline\\" is great! This is another great album from Lacuna Coil. All (12) tracks on here are great. This is another great album from a great rock/metal band.  Track Listing  1. Trip The Darkness (4 out of 4)  2. Against You (4 out of 4)  3. Kill The Light (4 out of 4)  4. Give Me Something More (4 out of 4)  5. Upsidedown (4 out of 4)  6. End Of Time (3 1/2 out of 4)  7. I Don't Believe In Tomorrow (3 1/2 out of 4)  8. Intoxicated (4 out of 4)  9. The Army Inside (4 out of 4)  10. Losing My Religion (4 out of 4)  11. Fire (4 out of 4)  12. My Spirit (4 out of 4)
B004I2K4DY|5.0|This is such a beautiful production.  Although it is done in concert style, the way it is presented is riveting and still gives you the feeling of attending a live production.  Their voices are absolutely amazing!  And the 25th anniversary finale moves me to tears every time I watch this.  It's the best of the best!
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I love this app. It provides you with all sorts of devotionals according to your desired focus subject. A great free app.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|All the games are very nice, and I like how at the beginning you have to unlock all the games. Hahahaha
B003Y5H5FG|5.0|I loved this remake of Fright Night. I truly enjoyed the original from the 80's so when they remade it, I was thrilled. It did not disappoint, like most remakes do. Colin Farrel is absolutely terrifying and the teen boys do a good job. The differences between those boys and the original aren't too different, except the main character is not as \\"nerdy\\" as the original. As far as the Peter Vincent character, I thought it was brilliant that they \\"modernized\\" him into a Criss Angel-type performer, which is more realistic to this day and time. Hands down, my favorite part of the movie was the cameo by Chris Sarandon - that was priceless!
B0063IH60K|4.0|Its a standard playing solitaire app. would be better if had freecell too. id recommend it if you enjoy solitaire.
B006W5JF9Y|5.0|What's all the negative fuss? If you want to hear Bob sing these songs,go buy HIS albums,otherwise avoid this set. It is so refreshing to hear other people interpret these songs. They are,I think, done tastefully, and like any album set like this there will be a couple of songs you wont take to first time around but give it time and these too will grow on you. Also younger generations would do well to listen to this set. I remember I went to a Dylan concert in Sydney Australia and he changed the tempo and the style of his songs. People were getting up and leaving and I couldn't see why. He was showing that he wasn't stuck in the same old rut and I thoroughly enjoyed it. These same people,sadly, have missed the point. As I said before \\"IF YOU WANT TO HEAR DYLAN SING LIKE DYLAN GO BUY HIS AND ONLY HIS ALBUMS\\". I really believe you will miss out in the end. The only thing that stays constant in this world is CHANGE.\\" Get out of the new world if you can't lend a hand, for the times they are a changin'\\" I Would give it more stars if I could, at least 8.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|just bought the app and having a lot of fun so far. looks like its going to keep me occupied for hours.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|We bought these as a groomsmen gift to go along with a knife they all could use.  Every guy really likes it and finds great use in it.  It's sturdy and really convenient. Great price and buy!
B00005JKDR|5.0|\\"Monsters, Inc.\\" introduces us to a great number of characters, almost all of them monsters. As we get to know these \\"people,\\" we begin to truly care about them. They aren't just cardboard cut-outs; they have complex personalities, deep relationships, and vital decisions to make about right and wrong. Out of these characters flows a plot about friendship, greed, trust, fear of the unfamiliar, and the fact that little girls will always have a special place in their daddies' hearts.  This two-disc version includes extra material, including introductions to the animation process, sound recording methods, and some of the technology involved. After watching these, I have a new appreciation for the amount of labor that goes into making a high-qualty animated movie that actually looks like a real, three-dimensional world, and greater admiration for the dedication and intelligence that goes into such a project.  \\"Monsters, Inc.\\" is an expertly crafted story, beautifully rendered with breathtaking realism, full of endearing characters, deep themes, and genuine emotional impact.
B000JQU1VS|5.0|I'm reading this on my Kindle now. I LOVE IT. I will definitely be back for more Sherlock after this one is done.  The stories are witty, interesting, and fun.  Great read!
B006KC4NK0|5.0|Got this set for ALOT LESS than what Amazon has it listed ( apologies, Amazon but I am a dollar stretcher ) that aside, I have always wondered how I could get my hands on a Lego Bat Cave set. Have seen and admired the lucky individuals who has and used these sets in thier Youtube mini dramas. I have only one gripe, that there are no speech scripts to the comic books. You would think a small amount of dialoge could be exchanged between the characters. It is good to see the return of the navy blue colored Batman,, I believe there was one for sale for $ 108.00 ?  Bet the collector is kicking themselves now that these sets are out and the minifigures have been re-made. ABOUT THE SET :  REALLY like it...It is of top-knotch product quality. I like that Lego went out of thier way and made Bane's drill tank vehichle with REAL WORKING TANK TREADS, AND DRILLHEAD THAT SPINS. IF ONLY they did this good a job making the Batmobile that goes with this series. The youngsters are going to love this set, I know the kid at heaart within me, and the creative ideas are just flowing with happy satisfaction.  I will be posting pictures of my set sometime in the near future, watch for them, you are going to like them.  Mini Movie Maker
B0052REQLK|5.0|Among what might be considered \\"self help books\\" this one is very well done. Lots of practical information for people of all ages but especially for those considering parenthood and those experiencing all stages of parenthood, those considering a career or a career change...and those just generally looking for ideas regarding a happiness determinator. I could not get enough of this book.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|yes.  get it, if you want a good challenge. some games are almost impossible.  ha ha ha ha ha ha
B0067Q42BY|5.0|I find it to be relaxing after a very long day at work thank you so much! I love it
B005HSL626|4.0|I love this game sooooo much.But,recently it has been taking me back to my home menu.I do not know why.It doesn't work on kindle fire.Really obnoxious.-
B000O8OTNC|4.0|Be careful with the carbide notch it does it's job a little too well.  The porcelain notch fine hones my blades to a razor edge.  I really like this sharpener as opposed to the grinding types out there.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|awesome game. I cant stop playing! I love the challenges that come with each mini game. a must have to kill time.
0316078913|2.0|David Sedaris is the Dave Barry of the NPR set--and just about as funny. (\\"Ain't I a riot?\\" he silently asks the reader every three sentences or so, and the answer is no.)  The story about the prostitute might have been amusing, if Sedaris had chosen to poke fun at the upper-middle-class family for being a bunch of sheltered and condescending weenies. Instead he seemed to think the family was pre-e-etty edgy for entertaining a prostitute (a PROSTITUTE! har-dee-har-HAR! an unattractive one! chuckle! in ripped fishnet stockings!) in their nice suburban home.  Wouldn't all NPR listeners like to be so awesomely cool and free of social prejudice as to have over for dinner a real-live beaten-up prostitute who works at a cafeteria and smokes? How gritty! How true to life! How...anthropologically compelling!
B004SJ3BCI|3.0|I think this game us very fun And I would want to play.play it everyday. I love the pretty birds and how.the game is made..It all is great.
B006PHD0RW|2.0|I thought this game would actually be more like tetris (according to what I read about it) but it's more of a difficult puzzle. After the second or third level you have to rearrange items in the bag to keep them from getting squished but the problem is you only have a few seconds. Getting the items to move on the Kindle Fire was a bit frustrating. The graphics are great and maybe others like such a hard game, but I think it's too hard for kids. I wish I had been able to try it before I bought it. Oh well.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Easy to use, nice graphics. Looks good on the Kindle Fire screen and nice movement of cards. Only advertisements are a single screen that pops up each time you re-deal: easy to exit out of screen with one quick click, and no intrusive ads during play.
B0068TL23G|5.0|I was so absorbed by this game, two hours went by without me noticing it! I would have just kept on playing if my husband hadn't given me a sanity check. Great puzzle game!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|a great free game.I'd highly recommend it. although some of the games are a bit frustrating. again I stress that this is a free game.
B000GOWNPU|5.0|Great movie all the way. If it isn't a true story, I'm sure these things have happened to many young boys and girls in some of these facilities. I would like to think that justice was done in real life and the creeps got what they deserved.
B004SUWR2C|5.0|not sure what other reviewers are talking about...this game is great.  I play it and my six year old.  we love it.
B000YENUI6|5.0|I love this movie! And as far as Amazon is concerned, it arrived very quickly.  I am a happy customer!  I am very fascinated by Russian crime films and books. So, as a result, I have watched Eastern Promises several times.  I find the movie has an excellent plot, strong realistic drama, and I think Viggo Mortensen is incredible in his role as Nikolai.  If you are fascinated by crime films and books - especially, Russian crime films and books, Eastern Promises delivers everything you need to visit this world safely via media.  Besides being an excellent movie  -  the DVD contains additional commentary that is very interesting and informative.  If you are interested in this sub culture, I would buy this movie and also check out the DVD The Mark of Cain, a documentary about the art form and history of Russian criminal tattoos.
B0034G4P9E|5.0|For me this was probably the best movie I've seen in a good bit.  The fights are believable, and the damage taken by the fighters is realistic.  Good, moving story.  Short version is I really enjoyed it and if you like fight movies you'll more than likely enjoy this one.
B000LB7G00|5.0|The SpaceNavigator is the standard when filming Machinima, no questions asked. A worthwhile investment due to its stability and reliability. It is so great that I have two! Just make sure the program that you are using it for supports it beforehand.
B004A8ZWVU|5.0|This was a great movie and a great purchase. I would recommend this movie to anyone. The characters played the part well.
B0060ZJ74O|4.0|\\"Moneyball\\" might just be the smartest sports movie ever made.  It takes the very complicated subject of using statistics to evaluate players and makes it simple enough that anyone, baseball fan or not, can follow along.  Brad Pitt is excellent as Billy Beane, a guy obsessed with winning in small-market Oakland.  He's working with a low payroll in an era when teams like the Yankees, Red Sox and Rangers are spending huge sums of money.  After a chance meeting with Jonah Hill in Cleveland, Pitt brings Hill out to Oakland and, together, they develop a new way of looking at baseball players.  They develop a formula that puts the A's in the playoffs (though not to the World Series).  As I said in the title, \\"Moneyball\\" isn't so much about baseball as it is about thinking differently.  Pitt and Hill have to deal with a lot of doubters, many of whom are in their own organization.  Yet they persevere and show that it works.  Granted, there are challenges to their formula along the way (one of whom is named \\"Jeremy Giambi\\"), but they gradually gain more acceptance from those within and outside of the organization.  Being able to see the evolution of acceptance of this idea and to also see the results is especially gratifying, as it really makes you realize how outside-the-box thinking can make a huge difference.  There really is a lot in this movie for baseball die-hards as well.  The scouting meetings and especially the way trades are completed are fascinating to watch.  These are also where Pitt shines as a wheeler/dealer and Hill plays the naive baseball newbie perfectly.  Pitt also does an outstanding job showcasing how competitive Beane is and just how much he hates losing.  The wordless way he expresses himself when he actually sets foot into the stands during a game emotes an almost childlike wonderment at what is going on around him, almost like \\"wait, we built this?\\".  The movie does have a few slow points.  I thought the scenes with Pitt and his daughter were nice,but didn't really add anything.  And the movie does bog down occassionally in scenes where they sit in the film room and analyze tape.  A lot of the drama of the A's season is also lost, mostly since everyone knows how it ended.  But it would have been nice if they'd spent just a little more time on that part of the year.  Overall, though, this is an outstanding film.  It goes completely against type for a sports movie and makes it into almost more of a life lesson about the success you can have when you think different.
B000N3ST8Y|4.0|I just bought the CD Construction Time Again by dePeche Mode from Amazon.  It was delivered promptly with NO problems.  The disc was in mint condition.  It encouraged me to continue to use Amazon for my media purchases - when I don't just get the mp3s from iTunes, that is.  amazon is an amazing site & company who ALWAYS get what I desire to me without issues.  Quite probably my favorite site to order things from online, I think!
B0068TL23G|4.0|Wasn't until level 9 till I experienced any kind of difficulty. Played for about a minute, stuck on 9 for now. I enjoy having to think when I play a game, though I'm sure this could get monotonous after awhile.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this app. It gives me plenty to do when I'm bored or just need something fun to do.
B005HV6Y84|5.0|This arrived fast and in excellent condition!!! The music was awesome and I was happy there was only one instramental song this time. Love all the songs.
B001HN6922|5.0|The movie was great and my nephew watches it atleast once a week. I would say the movie is fun to watch for all ages!
B001P829VY|5.0|This is one of the best blu-rays of a classic movie I've seen.  The movie itself has always been worth five stars as far as I'm concerned. \\"Badges, badges?  We don't need to show you any stinkin' badges!\\"
B006O5XYWG|5.0|I absolutely loved this move.  I'd heard it was wonderful, and that the only movie of the type that was better was the original, but I wasn't sure how much I trusted that review.  After watching it, I completely agree.  Some of the acting was so-so, but that was the case with the original as well, and it could easily be overlooked.  Loved the throw backs to the original, and the way they wove the story to fit so well with the original.  I definitely recommend making time to watch it if you haven't already.
0525423656|5.0|I loved this! Really loved it. There is so much to the plot, which I love. I love not having all the answers and having mystery and secrets. Condie is the queen of relationships and romance. Plus, I love the world she has created. Can't wait for the last book!
B0063GORYU|5.0|Super fun!  Hard... but not impossible (mostly). I can play this for hours and not be bored. Try it and you'll be addicted.
B0050SYS5A|5.0|Like some previous reviewers have stated. You MUST do a few things correctly first before using this Kinect add-on.  1.) Clip the Zoom onto your Kinect and make absolutely sure you line up the lenses properly. Also, don't forget to put the protective plastic on between the Kinect and the Zoom if you are going to take it off and on a lot.  2.) After clipping the Zoom on THEN turn on your Xbox 360.  3.) Immediately completely redo your Kinect ID AND run the Kinect calibration afterwards. We used the cardboard calibration card that came with our Kinect.  4.) As some have said, under the TV and right on the edge so it can see the floor works perfect.  Done and have fun. Works great in our small living room.
0470901071|1.0|When I read the free online behind-the-cover thing I liked how the author talked casually but also informative.<br /><br />Now that I'm actually reading the book, I can't believe I bought it in the first place. I still enjoy how informal it is, but it comes at the cost of having lots of misinformation. At multiple points throughout the book it has blatantly wrong information and at the  start of some chapters he suggests that you visit his website for a list of \\"changes\\" to the chapters, but his website is full of ads and things he wants you to buy instead of anything that leads a person to where these \\"changes\\" are.<br /><br />The misinformation leads me to not completely trust the author's word on things, and this is made worse by the fact that he doesn't ever have an explanation for why things are the way they are. I personally like seeing the big picture and using reasoning to reach my conclusions and the authors writing style does NOT help me reach this type of understanding.<br /><br />I recommend instead purchasing the guide by Wendell Odom. I've heard good things about him from people at my Cisco Networking Academy, although I haven't personally read his book.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|very fun games just wish the games didn't cost so many points it takes forever to save up all those points and its all gone after buying one game
B0068TL23G|3.0|I'm glad I didn't pay for this game because it wasn't very challenging, nor did I enjoy it. The whole time I was playing,  I kept thinking, &quot;Is this it?&quot; Perhaps I didn't play for long enough, but maybe that means the intro levels are too long, because it didn't get any better for me. Also, another review said that the graphics and music are cheesy. Usually I don't care about that stuff, but that reviewer was right!
0156027321|5.0|Couldn't put this book down.  Some said this book was slow, but even the \\"slow\\" parts were intriguing to me.
B0063IH60K|5.0|For the price, you certainly can't beat the fact that this is a solid version of solitaire. Would buy for free again
B0068TL23G|4.0|I used to play something similar online. I like games that make you think. So far the puzzles are pretty easy, but I know they will progressively get harder.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|This movie is one of my favorite holiday movies but it is definitely great year round!  Great cast and wonderful stories!  You laugh, you cry, you ooh and awe!  Great movie!!  I recommend it to one and all!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I have this app on my kindle fire & my torch....love it! Especially the plans to follow. I recommend this app to anyone who can download it.
B0013ND30W|4.0|I practically grew up with this movie with my sisters.  It brings back a lot of fun memories for me and in watching it again now, and having had some education in animation, I think it has a very unique look compared to a lot of Disney's traditionally animated features back in the day.  The only problem with the copy that I got was that I had ordered a used one to include the DVD as well as Blue Ray.  All of the disks were included, but the cover was only for the blue ray and the DVD copy came in a paper sleeve inside it.  If it doesn't have it's own place in the case itself, I'm not sure how well I'll be able to keep track of it before it gets lost or even broken.  Once again.  The movie is a since childhood keeper for me, I just prefer the cover to also be what it's advertised to be.
B004SBX112|5.0|it's a good game, but there should not be this foolishness of having to write a review to write it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I spend hours a day on this! I love this game I use it every single day and I love unlocking games...its also safe for my children
B00275EHJG|5.0|When the movie arrived,all seemed good because it was packaged very well but when I opened up the case the little security sticker was stuck to the underside of the dvd.It was very difficult to remove it while trying not to scratch the movie at the same time.When I did finally remove it,a sticky residue was left behind and THAT was even more difficult to remove.After all that there were only a few teeny tiny scratches and it plays fine now.If my son wasn't so eager to watch it then I would've sent the movie back.I was a little disappointed about it but I quickly forgot about the dumb sticker problem when I saw how much my son enjoyed the movie.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Jens nice pony fish shekel shsvshs shsvshs she sud sud she she she she sheveuevehe suv. shbbs Hhs sud she abs she she she
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app it even has someone that will read the Bible for you!&lt;3 Hope you love this app as much as I do!
B0068TL23G|5.0|I have a feeling that this game will get a lot of negative reviews because it actually requires a bit of thought. Nevertheless, this game is extremely fun if you have the IQ for it.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|good app. lets you listen to the Bible, which is nice. connection to network times out or fails a lot. but overall it good
B0068TL23G|3.0|So, the game is really well made. It looks pretty and it controls better than other pathing games i've played.  But seriously, I just finished the whole thing in about ten minutes with a perfect score on every board.  Fun, then, but horribly short and easy.
B005I6EU7U|5.0|I am absolutely crazy happy with my kindle fire case! It looks even better in person!I would most deffenitly recomend this product to anyone who has a kindle fire. It looks just like a book and its soft inside and it protects your kindle.
B0068TL23G|2.0|Literally less than ten minutes to beat. Not worth the two dollar price tag. Needs to be more challenging and needs more chapters.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Great puzzle game. Keeps u entertained for long time. If u play it more than once it gets easier though.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|it was so awesome and I love it I also have it on my ps3 and play it all day
B005UKJX4E|5.0|I immediately knew by the cover, I would have to wait until my kids were either in school or in bed to be able to watch the movie. I knew this by what I had read on Amazon. Also, on the back of the case, I knew that I would have to approach this movie with a open mind. This is unlike any big budget film I have seen in the past from the characters and how the story line progresses. The whole of the movie is very deep but slow and could easily frustrate one that isn't into movies that are very slow. As I have watched movies before that have a slower passed feel to it and more serious, for me this is fine. Sometimes, I just want a movie where I am slowly drawn in.<br /><br />The storyline to me is like a book you read it moves slowly, but as you get future into the story you find yourself really enjoying what you are reading. Loving the fact that you are being drawn into the bigger picture.<br /><br />The film is about reality and life, which I feel is the backbone. About how a man dealt with his own human conditioning. I know to one this may sound like a very serious movie but it is a excellent movie.
B005M2A4D4|5.0|I was a little late ordering this for my son for Christmas but it was shipped right away & I received it quickly! Thank you so much! My son is such a huge fan & now will be able to watch all these episodes whenever he wants! I am personally more of a David Tennant kinda girl but its still a great show! ;)
B006FE83U4|5.0|This is a classic story, the film is very moving. It portrays imagination, struggle, friendship, and many aspects of life that seem fresh, though the movie is very old. The story is told from the unique prospective of a well to do family during the great depression, that alone sets it apart from most films. There are several plot elements that come full-circle by the end of the movie, and show that people can be, and are capable of doing both beautiful and ugly things. I think that far fewer people have seen this movie than I had originally thought. Everyone needs to though. It is an excellent film about taking a stand, friendship, trust, learning, and growing, among many other things. It is exciting to me to see this movie given the attention that it deserves. Reviewing it was an honor. Everyone should grab a copy, it might not be available forever.
B0063IH60K|5.0|it is not impossible to win so it is a fun game to play. you can play a quick game anytime.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love This app....I use if daily.  i5 speeds up reading time and leaves more time to consider the words.
0316098329|3.0|I bought this book because of the reviews.  I won't go into the actual story line, because it has been gone over excellently by so many others, however, I will give you my reaction to what I read.  Jack, I liked. His Ma, remarkable.  My favorite part was the Plan A and B and Jack's reaction to the plans.  He was brave.  After Plan B unfolded - the story was over for me.  The author did not actually \\"tie this up\\" and I left the book partially satisfied.  Hope she writes a follow-up called \\"OUTSIDE\\" or something. I was grateful that she did not go into the horror the mother endured, only eluded to it - that was good - \\"Humankind cannot take too much reality\\" (who said that, was it Hume?).  Why all the fuss about this book?  It was a news story with a different twist. It was just okay to me - But I did like Jack; Jack gave MA a reason to live no matter how he was conceived.
0735619670|5.0|A great book to teach the \\"other\\" aspects of development (i.e. not technology.) By a veteran practitioner at Microsoft, it has a lot of useful ideas on how to \\"code complete\\".
B0068TL23G|3.0|Only 16 stages. Hints are available. Beat it in 10 minutes. Decent game to play but would never pay for it. By game, I mean a simple puzzle challenge. There's no replay value.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|spike really cool and amazon, ................ please all rate this if you see my rateing so hat. you can get tow hundred fifty thousand coin
0316056863|5.0|Tina Fey offers some insight into her background/personal life, behind the scenes info about her work, social commentary, and general hilarity in Bossypants. Tina Fey fans should definitely buy this book! Others should too, so you can be converted.
1849514003|5.0|I am developing app using cocos2d,Since cocos2d site is recommended, this book is for me a better understanding of cocos2d libs played a very good help,this is also to the general development of the app with cocos2d libs recommended this book to individuals or groups .
B005MYEPXC|1.0|My wife and I went to the movies to see this film.  My wife didn't want to see it.  I talked her in to going for I thought the premise might be different.  Occasionally Woody Allen is pretty good.<br />Unfortunately he missed the mark so far off, I have no idea what the hell he was aiming for.  The plot is so stupid, you just want to weep, such a waste of film.  After about 40 minutes, I could stand no more.  I said to my wife never again a Woody Allen movie and we walked out of the theatre.<br />say goodnight Woody
B00127RAJY|3.0|the DVD itself is GREAT. Jillian is a great personal trainer and the girls in the back are amazing as well. The only issue I had was that after 14 straight days, my knee and ankle gave out causing me to no longer continue the workout. There is so much jumping (jumping jacks, butt kicks, jogging, etc) that bc of my injuries (not present prior to beginning this workout) that I could not even do modified versions of the workout. Other people that were doing the workout threw their back out and popped their shoulder. This should not be happening to women between 21-23!!! However, if these injuries would not have occurred I am sure I would have gotten \\"shredded\\". It is great to do bc it is only 20 minutes so even those with a hectic schedule can fit it in and very interactive.
B003OFHMKO|2.0|Yes, she has the voice of an angel (and looks like one too...) and plays like nobody. Her two first albums were absolutely fantastic and I love them. However, I was very disappointed with this one; I found it boring and extremely pretentious. Not unlike the fate of other bass players that decide to compose for orchestra and really miss the hand... Don't get me wrong, I have fun playing the bass, and I LOVE bass, but this is not a nice album. As it was not a good show (I saw it in San Luis Obispo last year). Sorry, but maybe I don't have the \\"brains\\" as other reviewers, but to me this is not cerebral music, jet boring. And yes, sometimes she screams too much for my liking. I will keep her first two records close to me, but will get rid of this one.
0671510991|4.0|I picked this book up because of who the author is and I am happy that I did. This relatively breezy narrative takes the reader from the formations of Western-style diplomacy after the Peace of Westphalia to the end of the Cold War over three hundred years later. Through it all, Mr. Kissinger gives his very sharp analysis of nearly every event that shaped the Western world during that period. Surprisingly, though this book does support Kissinger's love of Big Power politics, he actually gives a spot-on analysis of what separates American diplomacy from European diplomacy. And during the chapters dealing with the Nixon Administration, Mr. Kissinger stays rather objective even when talking about his own views and accomplishments during that time. And even though this was written in 1994, the final chapter looking ahead at future U.S. diplomacy still remains quite prescient. Of course, this book is also susceptible to the weaknesses that Kissinger's diplomacy has. Practically no mention is given about U.S.-South American relations until the end, and even then it's only a page or two. And Africa only comes up in passing whenever it has something to do with U.S.-Soviet relations during the Cold War. In closing, this is a good book for those who want a general overview of the history of Western diplomacy, but don't expect to read too much about diplomatic history beyond the Western world.
B004X4RU9I|1.0|The blatant Chinese propaganda portraying the white man as being undisciplined, crude \\"devils\\", rendered this film pretty much as bigoted trash.  It also had a predictable, stale, and boring plot.
B005K2YRVG|4.0|I bought this case for my dad's kindle. He is not the kind for a fancy case, he needs something practical. The case is of sturdy construction and is padded a bit. The kindle fits perfectly in it.
B004I744AS|5.0|just what I needed to help my 8 year old with his homework. Easy to use. Gets the job done.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|I played this game a lot as a kid, and it's great to have it on my phone. This is a fun and addicting game, and the app developers did a great job.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I think I bought this book before it reached #1 and sat there forever.  It was in my archive waiting for a read.  Then one day at the movies I saw the trailer for the movie and thought ok... I better read it.  The problem was I could not put it down!  I read it in one day and moved right on to Catching Fire.  A good read for sure.  Well worth it.  I now have my wife and son reading it.
B0055S348W|3.0|but dose not work for me. I have a printer conected to a print server and would like to send the print spool to my DNS address and just forward a port on my router
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|But still a very good read.  For some reason the first two just caught me and kept me going.  I had more trouble with the last book.  It seems not to quite be as fresh as the first two.  Still worth the read!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|amazing game I had so much fun playing I have become addicted to it. get this app you will have a blast its best when you play against friends
B003O86FMW|5.0|Moved right in to this seconds after reading the last page of Hunger Games.  It keeps you going and keeps you reading.  I very much enjoyed both books and am looking forward to the movie!
B004XNGKBS|4.0|I really like using this app with a stylus because it captures my handwriting and formats it like I would be writing on a paper.
B005XQLBU4|4.0|good game. eventually it becomes impossible to win and you get to throw up your hands and watch the world get wiped out with multiple nuclear detonations.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|My first feedback, was hesitant to spend the money but I wasn't disappointed. Glad I spent the extra few bucks.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|I don't know if its the cover/ad photo, but I had a completely different impression of what this movie would be like. I TRULY didn't think I'd enjoy it and that it wouldn't be \\"my kind\\" of movie.  I was WRONG.  Such an enjoyable film, with a great message too. There are so many other detailed reviews already on this site, I can't write anything that that hasn't already been written. All I will say is:  SEE THIS MOVIE!
B005K17RU0|4.0|I like the &quot;best guess&quot; into the near future. Further than most, and actually pretty good for the challenges of New England weather.
144234430X|5.0|Really enjoying this audio book. This is my current favorite book.  I would recommend this read.  Good luck with this saga.
0307593312|4.0|NO SPOILERS WITHlN!<br /><br />Whew! What a book.<br /><br />1Q84 is strange from its first pages on.  For a peek, all one has to do is look at the pages comprising the filmy cover, and the faces of a man and woman trapped within the \\"year.\\"  Or take a gander at how the frontispiece, title page and copyright page information appear in tiny print surrounding the periphery of pages that use photographs to create the book's title...one letter or number per page.  The photos each show a night sky with one or two moons, and these will become important elements as the book unfolds.<br /><br />It's indicative of the effort the author and publishing house (Alfred A. Knopf) take to form the altered microcosm that will slowly and methodically unfold within the pages of the book.  It's certainly safe to say it is a fantasy at heart, but it is particularly effective at rooting itself within a very minutely described realistic world in which we all live.  It is this rigorous verisimilitude that makes the transition elements of fantasy so effective, as slowly but surely the key characters within this world will find out they have made unusual, important decisions that will begin to alter their world in intimate as well as outward ways.<br /><br />The title 1Q84 is meant to signify this slightly altered world in which these characters find themselves; and I've wrestled with the meaning of the Q in particular.  I've heard that the pronunciation of the two phrases (1984 and 1Q84) are similar sounding in Japanese...whether this is true, I have yet to determine.  I've also wondered if this one letter is meant to be a reference to the biblical \\"Q\\": the hypothetical source for some of the Bible's New Testament stories concerning Jesus.  If so, it lends an interesting level to the enigmatic religious subtext floating along just beneath the surface of most of this novel, and in particular the mysterious Leader (and the collective who appears to vie with him and others for control) who lies at the heart of the novel as its foil?<br /><br />Though the publicity surrounding this book emphasizes the eccentricity within, it must be stressed that it is immensely readable, and part of this credit must also go to translators Jay Rubin and Philip Gabriel, who have succeeded so well that it is only the cultural clues that indicate that the book is Japanese in origin.  I had some trepidations when it came to reading a translated book of almost 1,000 pages that has been considered a literary success...worrying that it might be over my pedestrian head.  Sure, there's a lot to think about here, but its simple and straight-forward prose style is very welcoming and friendly and a pleasure to read.<br /><br />The format of the book is equally uncomplicated: alternating chapters focus on either Aomame, a health-club trainer who is occasionally assigned to assassinate horrible men; and Tengo, a cram-school teacher whose literary aspirations lead him to agree to--unethically--ghostwrite a fascinating and unusual story.  Though these two share a brief but, for each, unforgettable past encounter, they are unaware of how their lives are about to coincide once again in a powerful and extraordinary manner.<br /><br />As the story begins, Aomame's impulsive act to leave a taxi in a traffic jam seems to be out of the ordinary to her and especially the cabbie, but neither can have any idea of just how that tiny act will skew her future.  Equally, it is Tengo's grudging approval of a somewhat unscrupulous editor's scheme that sends his life on a different path.  At first it is only the little things that seem strange: the guns that the police carry; the activities of a particular religious group; the unusual events surrounding a particular crime.<br /><br />But these things, however unusual, cannot mean anything, she thinks at first...after all, she knows, \\"there's only one reality.\\"  But as these strange differences add up--including a gnomish detective, \\"little people\\" who climb out of the mouths of dead things and can grow and shrink at will, and the mysterious air chrysalis, which is not only the name of the novel Tengo is rewriting, but something much, much more sinister--both Aomame and Tengo begin to realize that there is only one solution to this problem, and it may ask more of them than anything ever has before.<br /><br />Murakami's novel is long, but it is eminently readable.  There are times that the alternating chapters can be a little off-putting, especially when their synchronization in time do not exactly mesh.  It's necessary to shrug that off and trust that the author will make it all work out in the end, and he does.<br /><br />This is NOT a spoiler, but only an important consideration: not everything will be explained for you at the novel's end.  While Murakami does an excellent job of relating the story to the reader in meticulous detail (hence the novel's length), he does not provide answers to several of the novel's nagging questions.  I felt satisfied with it, and found no fault with the fact that the novel ends on a note that could welcome an unlikely sequel, but I have heard there are others who were not as pleased.<br /><br />Though the author's prose is extremely friendly, there are points where a little more editing would have helped.  He repeats certain descriptions--primarily ones about physical characteristics--not just once or twice, but almost to the point of exhaustion.  The twisted, misshapen detective's description is  one such case, as are the physical traits of Aomame, particularly her breasts and pubic area.  And there are oddly timed add-ins, too: for instance, even though there are many phone conversations throughout the book, the fact that one of the major characters has an unlisted phone number is left to page 890.  While not extremely important, it did seem like something he threw in when it occurred to him rather than earlier, when the subject was perhaps more timely.<br /><br />All in all, though, a fantastic (in the true sense of the word) and romantic book that will keep me looking up at the moon, and treasuring the smaller hand that I get to hold for a long, long time.sterious air chrysalis, which is not only the name of the novel Tengo is rewriting, but something much, much more sinister--both Aomame and Tengo begin to realize that there is only one solution to this problem, and it may ask more of them than anything ever has before.  Murakami's novel is long, but it is eminently readable.  There are times that the alternating chapters can be a little off-putting, especially when their synchronization in time do not exactly mesh.  It's necessary to shrug that off and trust that the author will make it all work out in the end, and he does.  This is NOT a spoiler, but only an important consideration: not everything will be explained for you at the novel's end.  While Murakami does an excellent job of relating the story to the reader in meticulous detail (hence the novel's length), he does not provide answers to several of the novel's nagging questions.  I felt satisfied with it, and found no fault with the fact that the novel ends on a note that could welcome an unlikely sequel, but I have heard there are others who were not as pleased.  Though the author's prose is extremely friendly, there are points where a little more editing would have helped.  He repeats certain descriptions--primarily ones about physical characteristics--not just once or twice, but almost to the point of exhaustion.  The twisted, misshapen detective's description is  one such case, as are the physical traits of Aomame, particularly her breasts and pubic area.  And there are oddly timed add-ins, too: for instance, even though there are many phone conversations throughout the book, the fact that one of the major characters has an unlisted phone number is left to page 890.  While not extremely important, it did seem like something he threw in when it occurred to him rather than earlier, when the subject was perhaps more timely.  All in all, though, a fantastic (in the true sense of the word) and romantic book that will keep me looking up at the moon, and treasuring the smaller hand that I get to hold for a long, long time.
B0064NTZJO|1.0|I love movies and have never walked out on one in my life, but I came very close during this show.  The plot made no sense, Ryan Gosling acted like a mannequin and the violence was too extreme. My wife also thought it was the worst movie of the year and she likes Ryan. I guess I \\"didn't get it\\" but what was there to get? I thought the marketing was deceitful, making you think you were going to see an action movie, but instead some \\"Film Noir\\".  Whatever that means. I know I'm swimming upstream here with this review but I couldn't in good conscience not say something and have someone buy this thing without knowing how I felt.
B006PZBR8S|5.0|Just a fun and enjoyable movie to watched! Like a robot Rocky Balboa that fights to the very end! Love it!!
B0063GORYU|4.0|great game to play with your kids. My daughter and I love to play it. We try to beat each others time.
B0068TL23G|4.0|Neat puzzle game. I'm enjoying it :) Very responsive on my lg esteem. Different color schemes would be a nice add-on.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I really enjoy this app. My favorite part is that it is free! ! ! I would reccomend this app to everyone.
B005544VHE|5.0|I rarely enjoy legal dramas because I find them to all be the same. However, Suits is a refreshing take on the played out legal drama genre. This show rocks!
B0064X7FVE|5.0|I was only going to give this a 3 star because it had no maps. Just updated it this morning and it has radar maps! Awesome app.
B006TLFIAQ|3.0|Robert dinero is one of my favorite actors that's mainly the only reason i rented it i thought he was going to come out more i was somewhat dissapointed there wasent very much action but yea i rate this movie 3 starz.
B003L77FYS|4.0|I must tell everyone that Castle as a whole is an amazing show. My wife and I wait each week as the story unfolds. A big thank you to the writers, actors/actresses and all production staff. Please keep up the wonderful work
B0054JZC6E|3.0|if you looking too relax and just push a few buttons. this are the games for you. --- fun and easy
B004MC8CA2|5.0|It's a nice free Bible app with a lot of good features. You can set up reading plans with reminders and share them.
B004SIP73U|5.0|In my opinion, this is one of the best films made in recent years. And, even though it is set in the Roman Catholic church, it is not really \\"about\\" the Roman Catholic church. This was simply a setting that allowed the writer/director to explore themes that we all deal with when trying to do the right thing in life. How do we know what we think we know? What constitutes guilt? What if your intuitions about people are often correct, even though you don't always know how you know? And what if you're wrong about someone? How do you even know? While this film is about doubt, it is just as much about the question of certainty. What makes us sure that we are doing the right thing? How do we determine these things? I have watched this film with several different people, and it's amazing how positive everyone is that they know what has happened in the film, even though they have different ideas about what has actually happened. It reveals a lot about individuals and how they deal with presuppositions and circumstantial evidence.<br /><br />Then, on top of these amazingly well orchestrated themes, this film is beautiful to look at. The cinematography is excellent. The acting is superb. The costumes are spot on. The environments are perfect.<br /><br />And there is effective use of metaphor in the film, particularly with imagery itself: the wind playing a key role, along with images of the fall (literally, the season, figuratively, the biblical concept). Pay attention to when the wind blows, etc. And what is moved by the literal wind, as other things are moved by the winds of doubt and fear, etc.<br /><br />Anyway. Just amazing in every way. While it was well received, this film has nowhere near the recognition it deserves.
B0068TL23G|3.0|East to. see graphics, simple design, but loses 2 stars due to 1) can't move to SD Card and 2)  locks up when returning to game.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|I just wanted all the movies and didn't care about the lack of \\"extras\\".  This box set was perfect and for the right price!
B005LA3Z9M|4.0|I really enjoyed this book, especially the detail used in regards to the ancient language of flowers. Absolutely beautiful story!
B0068TL23G|5.0|I love it, very addictive app that keeps you thinking as it gets harder. And yes as others have said there's more than 1 chapter.
B005K17RU0|5.0|very User friendly and convenient ...I use it for weather info  where i have family , globally . thanks for making it available to everyone
B0068TL23G|3.0|While this is one of the more interesting puzzle games out there it is far too short. 16 levels in all - 4 very easy, 8 of middling difficulty and 4 mildly challenging. Not the worse free app of the day ever. But since it has zero replayability I can't recommend it - especially if you want to pay money for it one day.
B006WQLH7G|5.0|Sad to see so many negative reviews here. This great app works and updates perfectly on my Kindle Fire v6.2.2  Maybe try downloading a new copy?  Ive used avast on my PC for a long time and its rock solid  its great you can scan both apps and sd card with this as well as firewall, device anti theft , app management and other great features and tools  You cant go wrong with this app  Give it a chance.  5 stars
B0054JZC6E|3.0|games that require control through sliding are difficult. the response is slow so you often lose. i like several of the tap game though, and have enjoyed it overall.
B0068TL23G|3.0|The game is original in the way it is presented and offers a new type of puzzle that is easy to learn, but it progresses too slowly - I got bored and stopped playing.  The sounds are cheesy and the graphics are bland.  Taken at face value, it's good, but not great.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Simply put, this is a wonderful app if you want to study the Bible. If you get this app, definitely create an account. The options you get are phenomenal.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Pros:<br />1. Current conditions are easy to read and understand<br />2. Hourly forecast is cool<br />3. Radar is excellent<br /><br />Cons:<br />1. In current conditions screen, would be nice to see today's forcasted high and low temp
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Better and easier than vnc and rdp. Love it. It even automatically works over the Internet no dyndns or anything. This review has to be at least 20 words.
B0061S073A|5.0|this program has help me prevent my little one from purchasing items. it also restricts them from.going on sites n only stay in the the parent control area.
0142000655|5.0|It's always difficult for me to write a review about a book I absolutely loved.  I can't believe I waited this long to read this epic masterpiece.  The writing is beautiful, the story and characters memorable; it's one of those stories you will never forget, but you will want to reread even though you know what will happen.<br /><br />--just one of my favorite passages---<br /><br />\\"In uncertainty I am certain that underneath their topmost layers of frailty men want to be good and want to be loved.  Indeed, most of their vices are attempted short cuts to love.  When a man comes to die, no matter what his talents and influence and genius, if he dies unloved his life must be a failure to him and his dying a cold horror.  It seems to me that if you or I must choose between two courses of thought or action, we should remember our dying and try so to live that our death brings no pleasure to the world\\".<br /><br />We have only one story.  All novels, all poetry, are built on the never ending contests in ourselves of good and evil.  And it occurs to me that evil must constantly respawn, while good, while virtue, is immortal.  Vice has always a fresh young face,  while virtue is venerable as nothing else in the world is.\\"<br /><br />The book is 600 pages and the audio book was read by Richard Poe, a favorite reader. I loved the audio, but needed to reread sections, just because the writing was so wonderful.  The story is somewhat autobiographical and it also reminds the reader of the biblical story of Cain and Abel from the Book of Genesis. It is a story which spans a period covering the Civil War and World War 1, but yet, it is not a story about our country at war.<br /><br />It's a story of three generations and two families. The family of Samuel and Liza Hamilton, Irish immigrants. Samuel was a wise and loving man, and a wonderful husband and father to nine children.  The other family is Cyrus and Alice Trask, and their two sons Charles and Adam.  Cyrus is a tough on his boys as well as his wife.<br /><br />Adam and Charles Trask are brothers with personalities as different as day and night, from an early age they vie for their father's love and approval. Adam is gentle, Charles is mean. After their mother passes away and later their powerful father, Cyrus, the brothers are left a large sum of money. Adam marries a woman named Cathy, who he knows very little about. Not only is she conniving, she has a sordid past and is pure evil. She's a woman who will do whatever it takes to get what she wants. Shortly after they move away to Salinas Valley, California, Cathy gives birth to twin sons, who she wants nothing to do with.  Not only doesn't she want to be a mother, she has no interest in being a wife either. She does what she must to escape her situation.<br /><br />Lee, is a Chinese cook and servant for the Trasks who basically raises the young boys, after Cathy leaves. Adam is devastated after his wife has left and unable to deal with the young twins. It is only after she is gone that the twins are even given names after Lee insists on it.  They are named Caleb (Cal) and Aron,  after Cain and Abel.<br /><br />Lee was an amazing character, a gentle and smart man who shares his bits of wisdom though out the story.  The boys, like their father and his brother Charles, are opposites, and each compete for their father's love and affection as well.  As the boys grow up Cal learn bits and pieces about the mother they knew.  Eventually they meet her, and one son fears he shares some of his mother's evil traits.<br /><br />While the first half of the book tells mostly the story of the Hamilton's, Cyrus and Alice Trask and their son's Charles and Adam.  The second half's focus is on the sons of Adam and Cathy, Caleb (Cal) and Abel.<br /><br />The entire story held my interest, and the 600 pages and numerous audio discs came to an end all too quickly. I want to read it again already.  So happy I read this book. This is sure to be a new top 5books of all time.
B0068TL23G|5.0|Great problem solving app.  Really gets your mind working.  Definitely not just for kids..any adult who wants to stay sharp will like this game.
B00018D3RI|1.0|All they did was go around beating people up and talking smack. And who wants to watch that? I think I will pass and leave this show in the 70s
B004MC8CA2|4.0|very helpful. love the search  tool. variety of translations is great. really appreciate the ease of using this app. the tools make study easy.
B00092ZMDY|5.0|I'm an Eagles fan but a video library wouldn't be complete without it.  The video quality of this DVD is exceptional and even better on a blu-ray player.  The addition of a brass ensemble more than compensates for the absence of Don Felder.  The opening trumpet solo really shines in \\"Hotel California.\\"  The sound engineers did a great job of producing the audio tracks for this DVD.  I like it better than \\"Hell Freezes Over.\\"
B001NESPHC|1.0|Reading all the great reviews for this woman, to be honest, I was expecting something.  If you like weak weepy soulful singing, this is your music.  I would say she is a polar opposite of Diana Krall.  Yes, Diana can be a bit breathy, but there is something behind it.  Melody also reminds me of the pathetic singing talent of Michael Jackson.  So basically it is just a matter of taste.  If you like someone with some strength and clarity in their voice, you're probably not going to enjoy this woman's talents.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like it a lot. It takes a while to get enough points to buy some of the games, but they are fun!
B004TTZHBK|4.0|I'm very pleased with this app, overall, but it does have issues on the Kindle Fire.  First, and to me the most important, is the poor volume on the videos.  Even with the speaker turned up all the way up, I have to strain to hear it.  Since I don't want to be tethered while cooking or chopping, headphones would not be a solution.  Also, like others have posted, I seem unable to rotate the screen to get the photos of each step.  Lastly, and this is more of a minor annoyance,  my grocery list has a black line showing through the items on the list.  Otherwise, I really like the recipes and love the videos.  I just wish I could hear them better.  Thanks, Jaime!
B0068TL23G|5.0|Somewhat new concept, gets those braincells going in a new way. Starts very simple indeed, but that eases you into it and then builds up from there. Recommended
B006P4H7OW|5.0|American Horror Story is easily one of the most original shows on TV. The twists and turns keep you guessing and, even though the finale left a little to be desired, it deserves 5 stars for creativity, not to mention Jessica Lange's incredible performance as Constance.
B004UXUUDA|5.0|Just a very good movie to watch. This about one very brave young lady, and her sister who hide about 20+ Jewish people in their apt during WW11.
B00170MYIS|1.0|I ordered this product at the end of November, but I just tried it a couple of weeks ago. I bought it because it shows you how many minutes you have left before the battery dies.  The problem is that when fully charged it shows 140 minutes left, then after taking 1 photo it goes down to 70 minutes, and so it goes until the camera dies. I cannot even record 10 minutes of video. The product looks like the battery from the picture, but I'm not sure if it is Sony original, because the quality is terrible.  I missed a lot good pictures and videos because of this battery.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I would recommend any and everyone to download this app.... it's the absolute best.. i download it every time i get i new phone
B001LF347E|5.0|General Review<br />If you are a fan of med-evil ways and castles, this is as surreal experience as you're going to ever get without major animation and film making. Merlin brings a new fresh look on what would've went on when Arthur was growing up and ascending to the throne of Camelot. The general feel of the series is quirky and sometimes it does get boring at certain episodes when they focus too much on certain \\"bland\\" characters/actors but it is great nonetheless.  I RECOMMEND THIS WHOLEHEARTEDLY!<br /><br />Those who have loved Charmed, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Angel, etc etc... This will make you smile! However, it does use tactful animation and doesn't over-use it. And even though it's educational, it doesn't feel that way at all once you're watching it. It's the best PG-rated series to use as reference if a school or teacher or anyone wants their children to latch onto. :) You'll love it!<br /><br />Characters In my own opinion<br />The characters on Merlin have such life-like capabilities that haven't always been played out very well on TV series. I, for one, don't really care for \\"NAME BRAND\\" actors but I love that they placed Anthony Head in this series (even though he plays the hard headed King of Camelot). He's been the best male actor for TV series that I've liked ever since he was on Buffy the Vampire Slayer. :)<br /><br />For Merlin; I have to admit that I didn't quite like his appearance since his hair is cut in an odd way where his ears look like they're too big for his head. And at times, I wish Merlin had a stronger confident moral in what he truly believes in. Throughout the whole series he battles against being told off for heresy and his status as a servant boy. His magical abilities are basically the only reason I got interested in his character.<br /><br />For Uther; Completely plays out the \\"Old stick in the mud\\" neatly and crisply... well, too crisply for my liking.<br /><br />For Arthur; They chose an excellent actor to play as the Prince of Camelot. He beautifully puts forth all the arrogance, over-conceited and handsome allure of royalty quite nicely.  However, it does get over-bearing as the series progresses that his attitude becomes too typical and keeps suppressing his compassion.<br /><br />For Gwen; I have to say, it came quite a shock to who played Gwen. Even the actor who played her father was a bit lack luster but I loved that they played on a \\"woman's strength\\" to aspire and overcome adversity to stand up to men. I just wish she'd upper cut Morgana when she had the chance.<br /><br />For Morgana; Her character in this series is weak, over-used and sometimes not really needed. The other villains bring more to the table than Morgana's ever does in this series. But I guess there has to be a constant thorn in the side to progress the story of Merlin throughout the whole seasons of this show...<br /><br />For Gaius; I love him! And I'm glad they don't ever kill him off. His personality aids and encourages Merlin's developement. Without him, I doubt there'd be much Magical conundrums from Merlin himself when he tries to save, heal, or correct some magical mis-doings. But I wish he had more magical involvement even if he's gotten old.<br /><br />For the Knights of the round table; I have to say... most of them didn't feel right and some of them did.<br /><br />REVIEW UPDATE AS OF 5/3/2012<br />I have successfully watched all the Merlin episodes until they stopped at the \\"Sword in the Stone.\\" As I mentioned before... Arthur's character of ignorance and arrogance is too over-bearing. Merlin still constantly keeps his secret within a closed circle and it's annoying that he can't confine in Arthur at all. Plus, the episodes where they increase Arthur's half-arsed feelings for Merlin when he's in danger is just...ugh. I have felt like Arthur and Merlin should just end up together as a couple... Gwen keeps running away PERSISTENTLY! At first I did enjoy Gwen's \\"I am woman, HEAR ME ROAR!\\" but when it involved Arthur, she was just stupid. I know love can be stupid but that had nothing to do with love. I think they gave her commitment issues on purpose because it was TOO drawn out, leading up to her getting married to Arthur. Gaius survives the WHOLE entire series, which I love. Killing off Lancelot was... confusing. I mean, I know the rift between the underworld and the real world needed to be closed but that was just a waste to get rid of a person who COMPLETELY accepted Merlin for who he was.<br /><br />I still recommend this series and still love it all the same, though. I just got disappointed along the way...
0756686970|5.0|My son, the Lego fanatic, loves this book.  He has learned a lot from it and really liked the character that came with it.
B002JCSWV6|4.0|This movie is a great one and it was delivered quickly, just in time for the Holidays. Still wrapped in plastic, with a shinning cover, the DVD was brand new and in great condition. I would definitely recommend this item to a friend.
B0068TL23G|5.0|Fun, addictive little puzzle game. Great for logical minds of all ages. Provides many hours of time-wasting, as any good game should. Nice graphics as well.
B0063IH60K|5.0|am very much enjoying playing this game....the ga me was written by someone who enjoys playing solitaire!!!  hope to find another game by this writer to play!!!!!
B000FC146C|3.0|Well, this book took some time.  It was very emotional.  I will admit, I never saw the miniseries and had no idea what the story was about other than a scandalous story of a priest.  Well, it certainly was that.  The descriptive writing is outstanding.  There were parts, not pretty parts, that were described so clearly I almost felt sick.  The story could have been cut at parts and I almost wish it were two books because you reach a point where you just want it to end.  I would have to say, because I like to offer comparisons, if you liked Lonesome Dove, you would most likely like this...different genre, but same heart wrenching kind of story.  Very sad at parts.  An almost painful conclusion, but i can see why it got so many high reviews.  I, however, have a love hate feeling for it.  I do think the name is brilliant.  The first page tells you what a thorn bird is and that is Meggie.
B005HSG3U6|4.0|I love almost everything about this case. I love that protects almost the entire Kindle besides where you need access. I just wish you could change the color on the front. And then I wish it had a hand strap to make it easier to hold for reading surfing the net when on the go. But my number one priority was protection and protect it does. No cracks or scratches from being in a bag or from being knocked off the table by one of the kids.
B003INBNXO|5.0|This simply is an excelent Martial Arts movie. It tells a story of a peaceful man and his family who went from wealth to poverty and emdure the hardships of both and survived. There are many lesson in this movie that I think everyone should think about. Needless to say Donnie Yen was excelent as Yip Man and the matial arts was among the best.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|decent interface. simple games. I do like that there are several different styles of games. less adds would be nice.
B003PIUC02|5.0|After watching the first and maybe second episode, I thought the series was way overrated.  In retrospect, those episodes were needed to set up the emotional cornerstone for the gladiator, Spartacus.  Once that was done, the series really took off.  If you enjoy over the top blood and guts series, in the style of 300, this is for you.  If you like the emotional journey of the Gladiator movie, this will work nicely.  If you enjoyed watching the life of Lucius Vorenus, Rome, unfold like a bad burrito from a corner taco stand, this will do just fine.  Please keep in mind, this is certainly an adults only series.  There is more T&A than a TSA screening machine.  But in all seriousness, Andy Whitfield did a remarkable job.  I truly looked forward to the next season, but I felt that the series wrapped up nicely.  This season will definitely stand on its own if the new season drops the ball.  Again, I give my respect to Andy for pulling off the role of a brute with a deep introspective soul with one goal in mind ... getting back his woman.  Rest in peace, Andy Whitfield.
B0055SWM08|5.0|The only reason I downloaded this game was because of the reviews. I was not disappointed.  The music is so calming and tranquil .. the game is fun and addictive (especially if you enjoy puzzles) and the degree of difficultly gradually increases... I highly recommend this game. I've already sold two work mates on the game... it's a total de-stressor.
0143117564|2.0|Inherent Vice was disappointing the way 'average' books can sometimes be disappointing. It left me feeling alone and somehow ignored, like on a really bad date, like the author was more committed to nailing the CA-Detective genre than to offering up something trenchantly human or urgent. And from his previous fiction, that's sort of become the expectation. Glowing urgency, humanity, crisis of identity and power structures and consciousness, all packaged and delivered with some first rate flash and verve.  When he's on, Pynchon glows genius. You read Gravity's Rainbow or Mason and Dixon and you start feeling anxious around books like this one, like maybe the author is now being held at gunpoint in some corporate underground somewhere, forced to crank out mediocre morsels of genre and tired talent.
B005WMQ5R8|5.0|The movie is amazing, nothing I say about it will matter or be incredibly original. There's nothing and I mean nothing out there that looks anything like this. Over 100,000 hand-drawings make up this movie and the fluidity on display surpasses anything the legends at Production IG (Ghost in the Shell, Sky Crawlers), Studio Ghibli (Princess Mononoke, Spirited Away), and even Disney have done. Takeshi Koike and Studio Madhouse went for an all out attack on the senses with this one and the achieve that, and then some. The first 10 minutes of the movie will probably go down as the most action-packed and bat-$%^& intro in all of film. The story is good, but it obviously takes a back-seat because the visuals are what's really impressive.  Moving onto the disc itself, this is the movie that I will be showing off from now on in my home-theater. Anchor Bay and Manga Entertainment spared no expense on this Blu-ray. This is a direct-to-digital transfer of the highest caliber. The black level is deep, no macroblocking, aliasing, or any other abnormality. The AVC encode stays rock solid throughout the presentation and handles the material like a champ. On the audio side, the Japanese and English versions get lossless Dolby TrueHD 5.1 tracks, and like the visuals they don't fail to impress. This whole disc is an amazing demo-disc that will push your home theater to it's limit. And even more impressive is that it's anime and it stands up to Pixar and Criterion discs.  The extras include a trailer from 2006 (and the whole trailer is different animation that never shows up in the movie, but still impresses), a \\"Perfect Guide To Redline\\" and a \\"Quick Guide To Redline\\". The guides make-up a good hour and half to two hours of behind the scenes footage. There's some overlap but it's hard to complain when there's so much and it's in HD. The trailer, is sadly not in HD, which to me is a missed opportunity since the animation is still very fluid.  This is a must-have in any animation (notnecessarily anime) fan, and if you're on the fence just buy it. Trust me, you won't go wrong with this.
B005K2XP6Y|4.0|Well there's not a lot to say on this.  It does its job well and certainly gives me piece of mind that my Kindle is protected.  The interior is a nice soft velvet and the padding has some plushness to it, so it's pretty good quality so far as I can tell.  The one minor grip I have is that I wish there was more velcro for the flap to hold on to.  I'll try to explain . . . while the flap has one long vertical strip of velcro, the body only has two small horizontal strips.  A little more would help me feel that the sleeve was more securely closed but I haven't had any problems so far so overall I have to say this is a good product.
0385535139|4.0|I thought the book was funny and while it was a bit predictable, it was worth the time reading it. I'm more a fan of his earlier work (The Firm, Runaway Jury, Time to kill...etc.), but I must say never have a read a book authored by him that had so many intentional comedic moments. The main characters were fleshed out so well and so unique that I could picture them. Just curios, could anyone else who's read this picture Julia Roberts as Nadine? That character just seemed to be written for her! All in all I enjoyed reading this, and would recommend it. Not a literary masterpiece, but a good read all the same.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Intuitive and addicting. Quell starts off easy ht before you know it, you're breezjg through harder and harder logic puzzles. Definitely worth $0.99.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This app is fun but at a higher level...it goes pretty slow. you have to replay games ogre and over to unlock new ones.
B004I744AS|5.0|i have had this app for a couple of weeks now and absolutely love it!!! love all the features on the homepage and the horoscope is a bonus.
B0015DROBO|3.0|This is not the sort of book I would usually read, though not knowing this beforehand, I picked it up. I nearly gave up within the first 100 pages, but persevered since everyone else I know seemed to love it. I found it tedious while the groundwork for the story was introduced in the first few chapters, and was confused about how the characters related to eachother. It eventually became more enthralling near the mid-point as the storyline of the characters started to gel. I was completely unprepared for what happened next. Without giving too much away, I must warn that this book is full of disturbing scenes that haunted me after reading. I admit that I am probably more sensitive to violence and psychopaths than the typical adult reader (if this was a movie I would have covered my eyes at multiple parts, but that doesn't work so well with a book)- so be forewarned that if you don't like brutal images of rape, torture and sacrifice (of both humans and animals!) you may be deeply disturbed. I still am curious about what happens to the characters and will probably continue the series, though at least now I know what I'm getting into and I won't read before bedtime!
B00457WZEI|5.0|This story is about a horse called Joey who from hos age as a young colt is sold to a farmer. He becomes friends with a boy called Albert abd they live happily together. However the farm encountrs rough times and the farmer has to sell Joey to the army. Joey encounters all the terrors and dangers of WW1 and  makes many new friends along the way.
B0033TJATW|5.0|This is the best movie ever. I was first introduced to this movie by my mom back when I was in elementary school. I am now 25 yrs old...lol still a Michael fan. I would recommend this movie to kids and adults. This movie was written by Michael... And as you probably already know, anything he creates is filled with imagination, adventure and wonderment. From the moment you turn it on Michael takes you on a ride... It's just incredible. Buy It! If you're a fan you should already have it... If you're curious, let me tell you, you won't be disappointed.
B0063IH60K|4.0|good game I wish it would tell when  no more moves are  available.Has  good graphics and is easy and fun to play
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|This is horrible, an absolute mess. I can't believe that this is the Metallica that I grew up listening to and practically worshipped in the 80's through early 90's when they were titans.  Kill 'em All through Metallica (The Black Album), that was classic Metallica. The rest was take it or leave it up until St. Anger, which was awful. They have been on a downward spiral for over a decade now, but there is absolutely no excuse for this drivel. Who was the person who thought that this was a good idea? Who told Lou Reed that he could sing? Who was the idiot that said \\"Lou, go for it\\" all of those years ago and have this inflicted upon the masses?  I understand that he is a famous underground cult figure that started off in the Velvet Undergound and then somehow managed to start a solo career...but he just sucks.  The man cannot sing. The kind of people that Lou Reed appeals to are those pretentious indivuduals who only watch foreign films, read classics that their college professors rave about and talk about nothing but politics, philosophers and foreign film directors while at the coffee shop.  The ones who think that they are superior to everyone else because the masses \\"simply do not get it because Lou Reed is on a whole other level\\" and other such hogwash.  No, he sucks and he has been around for so long that it is simply hip to call him a \\"real\\" artist.  Is Metallica even touring behind this album? Would they even bother playing the new stuff? I tell you, between this and the new Queensryche album being the equivalent of hearing fingernails scraping down a chalkboard, my fond musical memories are being tainted more and more. Guys, please stop. If you are out of ideas then just retire with the small amount of dignity and respect that you still have.
1423124960|1.0|The first copy of the book I received had a damaged cover.  The first four pages of the replacement copy were falling out.  I was not able to get another replacment copy from Amazon, but the customer service representative was able to refund my money.
0385535139|1.0|I am not sure why anyone is giving this book 5 stars.  This book is outright boring!  Grisham spends several chapters on the court proceedings of a tort case against a drug manufacturer and repeatedly remarks how bored our main characters are listening to this endless testimony and then proceeds to force us to read the boring play by play of it.  I skimmed through most of these chapters and the only reaction from me was a slight ironic groan every time I read, \\"and the jury was half asleep after all this.\\"  Yeah, me, too.  This is not The Firm, or Runaway Jury and certainly not A Time To Kill.  There is not any excitement beyond the first chapter.  No mystery.  No legal prowess--in fact, all the main characters are either quack ambulance chasers or the new guy who has never been to court.  There is no big court room drama.  Even the little side story is a case that gets settled without any dramatization.  It's a simple enough read if you are interested in the bare bones of how not to file a mass tort case and loss it in court.  Other than that. Forget it.  Seriously.  Forget it.
B003L77GGA|5.0|Hi I have purchased most of the series of Smallville and have enjoyed everyone of them the last series series 10 had a problem with the 1st DVD so I emailed amazon and they sent me a new series 10 and I returned the faulty series 10 then they re-inburst me the postage I give a 10 out of 10 to Amazon for the way they handle their Company Well Done It is a pleasure doing business with them and I will continue to tell my friends how good Amazon is Thanks again. Regards Kim Dawn dalzells Husband.
0802136834|4.0|I've put off writing a review of this book because I'm sure that in attempting to do so, I would be divulging my inexperience at writing book reviews.  Weir's book, The Six Wives of Henry VIII, is so rich in detail and history that this novice reviewer was too engrossed in it to even take notes!  What I can recall was the meticulous writing and research of Weir.  That she is an excellent writer of fiction makes for a vivid and easy-to-read historical narrative.  Not only does Weir include the public records to account for this biography, but unlike other biographers, Weir also includes a wealth of private letters and documents that attribute to a deeper understanding of the personalitites and characteristics of those within its pages.  The author did an excellent job of describing the political and religious expectations of those living in Tudor England, especially women.  Women were to be seen, not heard, and certainly not heard with any opinions.  Their sole value was determined according to the children they bore (heaven forbid if the bore only daughters).  The fact that Henry's wives consistently produced female heirs and not his long-sought male heirs, I believe marked the actions of his entire reign.  I think he would have been a very different king and husband if the stability he sought in both his family life and reign could have been secured by male issues.  From the annullments, beheadings, and setting aside of his wives to the Reformation and splitting from the Roman Catholic Church. Weir's book thoroughly covers the tumultuous reign of one of the most notable sovereigns of England's history.  More specifically, her book gives a concise and objective picture of the lives of each of these women, the challenges they faced, and the powers they were up against that formed their person and contributed to their actions.  \\"From the cradle to the grave, the lives of Henry's Queens - and all women - were lived according to prescribed rules and conventions.\\"  Weirgoes on to say that the perilous journey of the Queen was to \\"produce heirs for the succession\\" and to \\"set a high moral standard for court and kingdom by being a model of wifely dignity and virtue.\\"  Much to live up to, especially when during those times, childbirth was difficult and often led to death.  Overall, this biography read like a book and I highly recommend it to anyone interested in history, fiction readers and non-fiction readers alike.
B000OLGCI4|4.0|A classic. Kids have enjoyed this movie for many years. My grandaughter enjoyed it too. It is not her most favorite, but she certainly likes it. Great for boys and girls alike.
B0068TL23G|1.0|the controls are too touchy for a small smartphone screen. if you could draw a line and then reposition your finger a bit before having to change directions would help fix this
B000B8QG4A|5.0|One of those movies everybody likes. Cute movie. My 5 year old grandaughter loves it. A good movie for the kids for movie night.  Well animated and colorful.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This App is such a blessing! I can take the Word with me, wherever I go, and I LOVE the reading plans feature. I've wanted to start a chronological reading plan for a while, and this app is so helpful!
0142418471|5.0|FABULOUS. Down right favorite John Green book I'm reading so far. Seriously. The first two I read by him were about death and acceptance of what comes after. For some of us, we've accepted this, but it's nice to hear it in a poetic way of why we accept death. Will Grayson WIll Grayson was about acceptance of ourselves and those arounds in the time we have. Of the list of books I've cried for, there is maybe 2, but this book almost made me bawl. It gave me that warm and fuzzy feeling afterwards, like I've drinken a bottle of really good wine but with out the side-effects.  Will Grayson #1 was not likeable, so be honest, but I was sympathic towards him and by the end of the book I was clapping for him and his own self-realizations. Will Grayson #2 was confusing, but he was dealing with that deep dark depression that many of us have no one to look up to with things like that. The way the authors wrote them was original and daring, and it was absolutly fantastic. They wrote things like a true teenager would, and this book was about love, not lust or about one character. It was about true love for another person, the kind of love that fills up your whole body and you know you would die for the other person. This is the true romance novel for me.  Recommend: John Green lovers, people that like good books. And like to breath.
B004O3YGMC|4.0|Nice app. I installed it on my Fire and laptop with no problem. It does what it is supposed to do and I can get to my laptop from anywhere. The mouse control is a bit clunky, but overall a good app to have.
B0011UF79C|5.0|I thought it was going to take a while to arrive, but it came before it said it would. This is a great movie!
0689878451|5.0|I bought this book along with a few other lgbt books when I noticed my son's frustration about our family being \\"different\\" than others at his school and from traditional books featuring mom,dad,kid. He loves animals so this was a perfect fit for him. This quickly climbed to the top of his favorite books by revealing to him a family just like ours. I highly recommend this book to everyone to teach their children nonjudgemental family diversity, love is love regardless of gender,race,creed.
B0060AY6FO|5.0|Great for anyone who loves Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy!  I've always longed for a really good follow-up to Pride and Prejudice and this was it!  Loved it!
B006O5Y0SS|1.0|Perhaps because I have been to France many times and have a boatload of French friends (who live in Versailles... yeah, it's a suburb of Paris, not just the PLACE where the famous chateau is located).  I couldn't get into this film. Owen Wilson is awful, Rachel McAdams' character is cardboard and boring as hell; her parents' are the usual annoying half Jewish-half Anglo uptight rich couple who have nothing but money and are, of course, staunch conservatives.  This movie had no plot and I knew from the opening scene of every freakin' cliche thrown out about Paris this would not be the movie for me.  If you are interested in seeing REAL Paris culture and authentic French films set in the City Of Light, try [[ASIN:B002VKB0M4 Paris]] or [[ASIN:B000UVV26A Paris, Je T'Aime (Paris, I Love You)]]. Both these movies are better than the time you will waste on this drivel.
B006C45MRE|1.0|Harrison Ford must really be hard up for money or attention to act in this awesomely stupid movie. This is one of the worst movies I have ever watched.
B004SJ3BCI|1.0|gets boring if u get bored easyliy I don't regimens this game my oppinion but every body else loves it
B006OOHYIC|5.0|Solutions come quickly after you quit seeking them!  That makes it a great game to build or strengthen. your intuition.
B001NEK2GE|5.0|I made the switch to this as I now use my media center pc as my primary gaming machine. I wanted the ability to not have to rely on an entire keyboard when 2/3rds of the buttons on it wouldn't be used anyways. This works great for 2 handed gaming on a small surface and with it being fully programmable it makes playing games so much easier.  Haven't had much luck using the thumbstick for actual movement, so I still stick with the typical WASD, but it's extremely nice in games like Battlefield 3 because I can tie in certain commands like crouch, prone, and jump (basically all your major movements) to just my thumb. Leaves me free to make other movements with my other fingers and has saved my butt a time or two while playing.  Definitely takes some time to get used to, I'd plan on spending about 30-45 minutes in the game trying to get everything setup to a key you're comfortable with, but once you do you'll never want to go back to a normal keyboard again.
B0063IH60K|4.0|it's great! plenty of options for customizing, and I really like seeing your top scores compared against yourself as well as everyone.  and best of all, it's FREE!
B005K17RU0|5.0|very accurate forecasts. easy app to use. check it multiple times daily. I like using the radar screen to plan my day.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|It does exactly what it says. You don't even really need a reason to buy it. I use it for lots of different things that I never would have thought about before.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|the games are fun. my son enjoys playing. them on the road. its a game the whole family would love. hope everyone enjoys as much as we do
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I freaking &lt;3 this game its so addicting!!!  I have 3 simple words 4 u, BUY THIS APP it is definitely worth the money ur about to spend!
B000B5MI3Q|5.0|Before I purchased this watch I was interested in other brands which were similar ( Citizen for example), but having read some reviews I was swayed by some of the descriptions given which referred to the solid & comforting nature of the Seiko.   This proved to be the case & since I have received the watch I must say how happy i have been with my choice & how glad I was to have read some reviews beforehand.   The watch is lovely to look at, it looks & feels very impressive. It looks like what it is, a professional divers watch which has function very strongly placed at the forefront of it's design yet also puts form at a high priority.   I like watches, just so you know, & I have already purchased another of the same type ( SKX009K) because I intend to collect them & seriously, if you like good watches but don't have the Rolex budget ( yet !!) then you will be very happy to own a Seiko SKX007.   I purchased from Mr Watch, their service was ecellent & have some of the best follow up service I have come across, evidenced by the fact that I purchased the next watch from them too.   The function of the watch is very smooth & solid, changing time, date & day is easy & when you re-screw the crown you get that solid water-tight feeling giving you a warm fuzzy glow knowing that nothing is going to break. Because I don't wear the watch all day every day, I have had to re-set the time etc occasionally. This has been achieved easily & with a few shakes or simply putting it on it has started again & kept perfect time. I have read that over a longer period they will lose a few seconds but haven't had the watch long enough to experience that yet.   I believe this watch will give me a lifetime of excellent service, it just has the feel of a quality piece of equipment. If you are unsure about which watch to choose as I was, then be assured that I don't think you will be disappointed when you open the box & pick it up for the first time.
B006C1DH92|2.0|ok whatever! really??!!!! this is the same thing as fruit ninja its just a different theme! that's retarted! why duz ther have 2 b a different version of every thin? it just  makes lifee harder!
B005ZUR724|5.0|I have had this game since I got my kindle fire and it plays very well. one of the best games ive played on kindle. I haven't had any update issues the only issue is that the low player periods are a drag to play during because there's no way to socialize
B004SUWR2C|3.0|this app requires u to download other software (its not free) so that u can play it! its so freakng stupid!
B006FTCH2E|5.0|I have not watched a story that captured my attention this much in a very long time. The film was so beautiful, I had to watch it a second time. It is very uncertain how this film did not get the credit it deserved. A very beautiful film.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|some games are dumb and difficult others are easy an fun I redolent this game if you want hours of fun
B0068TL23G|4.0|The puzzles are really good, and there are a lot of them, but it barely registers when you touch a button.
B004EPZ0BQ|2.0|I love this movie.  Very cute and fun.  A good movie to watch when you're feeling lovey dovey.  The Blu-Ray is awesome.  Unfortunately it gives me yet another reason to hate hate hate Ultraviolet.  Reasons Ultraviolet is awful:  1.  The ultraviolet code for this movie is on the wrapper that is the very first thing you throw away when you get the movie.  2.  I only found out that the code was on the wrapper by googling for it's location  3.  Obtaining the Ultraviolet digital copy can only be done by signing up for a Sony Movies account and then the linking of the Sony Movie account and the Ultraviolet Account fails with an error  4.  The Ultraviolet software (an Adobe Air program, an epic fail in itself but that's for another post) is extremely buggy and the UI has no way to redeem the movie codes you get.  5.  For those of you who don't know, Ultraviolet downloads don't work with your apple device.  6.  Need I say more.  Ultraviolet = Epic fail  Otherwise I love this movie.  Just wish that the movie studios would realize there's a reason Apple is winning and try to copy them not re-invent the wheel.  The wheel has been and invented.  They did it right the first time.  No need to make a square Ultraviolet wheel.
1934169552|5.0|The Picture of Dorian Gray is a true classic that should be read by everyone.  It may be fiction, but truth lies within the pages of this book.  Oscar Wilde has painted a truly perfect representation of the human species with his character Dorian Gray.  A character so full of life that you can't help but be drawn into the book.  I was unable to put it down after reading the first page!<br /><br />When you open this book, you are not just reading a story, you are looking into a mirror.  You see yourself in Dorian Gray's position as he goes through his trials and tribulations.  Regardless of who you are, everyone feels and, at some point, thinks along the line's of Dorian Gray.  For some, they may have even traveled down a similar path. It is for this reason that Oscar Wilde was able to create such a realistic character.  He created something that people can relate to because each of us has a Dorian Gray within us, at least, to some degree.<br /><br />I don't know if Wilde meant to be so philosophical or psychological with this story, but it is a work of genius.  I believe that this book should be part of the required reading material in some age appropriate schools.  I doubt that it will, but I feel the character of Dorian Gray and his 'life' would be an eye opener for many.<br /><br />I highly recommend this book to anyone even vaguely curious about it.  I honestly cannot understand why this has a single bad rating!  If your still not sure after reading the reviews, check with your local library about borrowing it.  If you like it, then buy it and save it to read for later.  I've re-read mine several times now and have yet to grow bored or tired of it.
B0068RHGJM|5.0|An acquaintance of mine in L.A. mentioned during our phone conversation that she was excited to go see Nightwish perform in Hollywood in a few weeks time; a particularly auspicious event as L.A. was the only American city the band was planning to make a stop in during their current tour. Having never heard of them, once I got off the phone I listened to song samples from their newest album - Imaginaerum. I was right away struck by the unique sound, artistry and \\"listenability\\" of their work. I listen to a lot of song samples looking for new music, and the vast majority of the time I either don't really like something enough to purchase it or I am at the moment unsure and need to revisit it several times to see if it grows on me. I took an immediate liking to Imaginaerum and ordered it off Amazon the same night.  Nightwish's sound is pretty unique in my experience (though, in the last couple of weeks, I have since learned there is an entire sub-genre of music referred to as \\"symphonic metal,\\" \\"melodic metal\\" or other permeations of that - however, even though there are some good bands representing this sub-genre, none that I listened to impressed me more than Nightwish.) The band mixes orchestral compositions with Metallica style rapid-fire guitar riffs, new age instrumentation and rising melodic vocals to create a superbly realized recording. It is as if someone poured essence of Metallica, Iron Maiden, the Boston Philharmonic, the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and Clannad into a vat and distilled from it a spirited elixir unlike any other. You wouldn't think it would work; but amazingly it totally does, and is already seeing heavy rotation during my personal listening sessions.  Imaginaerum is very strong overall and it is difficult to point to standout tracks - though, if pressed, I would list \\"Storytime,\\" \\"I Want My Tears Back,\\" \\"Rest Calm\\" and \\"Slow, Love, Slow,\\" a breathy lounge-inspired piece that sounds like something David Lynch might want to tap for one of his soundtracks. Nightwish really captures an \\"epic\\" feel with this release and has crafted something of both power and beauty. Listening to it, I half expect Valkyries to burst out of the clouds while I'm eating my burger and fries and set about the affairs of humankind.  You may read other reviews/arguments/comments here and elsewhere that refer to a fairly recent Nightwish development where the band dissolved their musical collaboration with their long-time female lead vocalist and hired a new female lead. My advice is to ignore such distractions and simply focus on Imaginaerum as it stands. I came to Nightwish with no preconceptions and feel the more fortunate for it. Judged on its own, Imaginaerum is a work of inspired brilliance - one that demonstrates that the current lineup are at this moment a paragon of musicianship, and a singular and potent musical talisman. Five solid stars.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This app is fun. Many different games. The ads are not annoying. Various levels of difficulty. Would recommend for something fun and easy. You can play for 5 minutes or an hour.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|Nice box art, good packaging, pretty much the best all in one solution to the Matrix trilogy plus extras.  I always love the slim dvd cases that don't hog a ton of room on my movie shelf.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|A powerful fan that can perform well at under load. My temps went from 50c under load to 39c under load. Very quiet fan. There literally is no difference between the noise output between idling and performance modes!
B001RTSPVY|5.0|When I was first told that I should watch Breaking Bad, I really didn't know what to expect.  Maybe it was just going to be another one of those \\"hyped-up\\" TV shows that just ends up disappointing you after a couple of episodes... or maybe not.  But ever since those first couple of episodes, I HAVE NEVER been so excited to come home from work and pop in another DVD to continue the awesome story of Breaking Bad!  It's NEVER a BAD idea to chill with the Heisenberg!!  Get it, watch it... whatever, just don't miss this show!!
0446573019|3.0|This book was just OK.  What I didn't like about it was that it left a lot of unanswered questions (stop reading here if you don't want to have anything spoiled).  For instance, what did his brother do to land in jail?  There was some allusion to whether or not he was even guilty, but that was never resolved, and then he wasn't considered for release after he saved the world by not letting the bomb explode so I guess we assume he spent the rest of his life there?  What was even the point of the part about the father?  That was a dead end.  What actually happened to Puller's mother?  The book alludes to some mystery about that but it's never explained.  And most of all, what was the reason for the decision that he was the only person who could investigate the murders but he was totally left on his own?  If some bad guy orchestrated that behind the scenes for a reason, I missed who it was.  Overall, not the best Baldacci book by any stretch of the imagination.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love this game doesn't lag or anything so much fun! love love.regimens this game if u bored!!!  have fun playing!!!!!!! yeahhhhhh yeahhhh yeahhhhh yeah yeah blab
1400049628|5.0|Just what I needed to round out my Zombie Response Team kit. Contains everything you will need to know on \\"Z-Day\\". Get yours today... while you still have the brains to it!  }:o)
B0068TL23G|5.0|Pretty fun, gets challenging as you progress, which is great. Works well on the Kindle Fire. :) Interface is nice too.
B004I744AS|5.0|It is always great to have a good dictionary at hand. But before I even looked up my first word, there was the weather, my horoscope, birthday of the day, hangman, word match and more. How could you not love this dictionary +? Really works well on Kindle Fire.
B005H2IAM6|3.0|As both a Yamato Fan East and West this film is a mixed bag. For its budget the Effects Are Great.  The Acting and character choices are a different matter. While Im greatful this isnt an americanized  cast full of western faces like the anime -- I do wish they had cast closer to the original.  We have seen blonde asian women aplenty would it have killed them to dye Yukis hair a nova blonde.  Also some of the gender swapping re-casts such as dr sane / sado and others added nothing and detracted for the sake of having  a more politically correct modern bridge with more females ( where Nova used to be solo )  I wish they had cast someone who looked more like Orion the engineer certainly it would be easy to find asian actors  that matched better or simply had them alter their own looks. A short elderly comedic actor would have been much better  as the doctor not some tall twenty something pretty woman. It suffers from its battlestar galactica- esque reboot feel.  Desslok dessler could have been handled better, again diverging too much. In modern sci fi we see blue skinned  aliens via makeup and effects as recent as star wars prequels and star trek 2009 -- there was no need to make dessler and starsha cg bodysnatching spectres  The bridge set was nice but too dark and should have been more massive to match the animated proportions  we all know so well and loved thru 3 television series and 5 films and telefilms  The ending was a mix of other Yamato endings ( Farewell yamato and Final yamato ) and unnecessarily downbeat  if even a minor glint of hope was left ( hello space warp )  These may be quibles but they built up and detracted. While this was far from the catastrophe that was  the american 1998 Godzilla -- or if it had been Disneys aborted version from years ago that would have  americanaized the yamato into the american ship arizona -- while nowhere near that still after its  four decade long Legend Yamato deserved a bit more for its long awaited live action version.
B004XQO90O|3.0|**1/2. A serious [[ASIN:B000Z8GZYW Groundhog Day (Special 15th Anniversary Edition)]] revisited by Philip K. Dick. It's good but no meat on the bone.
B0051DSAP8|5.0|This album is very unique and interesting.This is the first Powerwolf album I bought,but since then I bought the remaining 3 albums from Amazon and they are on the way.Powewrwolf in one of a kind style and it is fun to listen.Heavy but very melodic . 5 star.
B003KT3NRA|4.0|Vince Neil's solo album Tattoos & Tequila (2010) is a fun listen consisting of nearly all cover songs that Neil likes.  There are two original songs.  My favorite song is the title track.  Vince's voice sounds the best it has sounded in probably twenty years.  If you're expecting to hear music in the same vein as Motley Crue, you'll get a modest helping of it on this album.  The fact is, Neil covers a wide range of music, everything from \\"Viva Las Vegas\\" to Credence Clearwater Revival, to Aerosmith, to The Sex Pistols.  This album is unlike his previous solo albums, which consisted of all original material.  The album is just meant to show another side of Vince Neil's vocal range and overall musical tastes.  It's a good summertime listen.<br /><br />I recommend this album.
B0064NTZJO|1.0|I despise this movie, it was so boring, so needlessly gory. This whole movie was just a bore, and it was very aggravating. I wanted to walk out, but I didn't want to make the person I was with have to suffer through it alone. I would highly discourage watching this movie, unless you enjoy seeing \\"actors\\" stare at a camera for minutes at a time, with horrible background music playing, and then suddenly having blood splattering everywhere, and then having people stare at the camera again not saying anything until the next violent scene starts.
B005K17RU0|4.0|nice app..quick,easy to read,does what it is supposed to do! get the app if you want to stay on top of the weather
B000VS9QFG|5.0|I was at many of the same places as Mr. Mason only two years later. Sure brought back memories mostly good ones. I was on a bunch of choppers but had no idea what it took to keep one in the air. Had old Nam buddies tell me they were impossible to fly if you were not trained. I can see now. Wish Mr. Masons life after returning home would have been a better one. I hope things have gotten better and wish him only the best. Thanks for a job well done, Welcome Home.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|would be nice if it didn't take so many points to unlock games. all of the games I have played so far have been fun
0596101996|3.0|The book is supposed to be the best JavaScript book on the market, even today. But it's not for amateurs. I found it a lot more informative than any other book I peeked at. But it's too informative. It gives details the average web designer would not understand. This book is obviously written and designed for the experience computer programmer, as it compares JavaScript with other programming languages, assuming the reader has knowledge of computer programming in its descriptions of JavaScript.<br /><br />It's still a must for the serious JavaScript programmer. But after reading about half of this book, I decided the only way to learn JavaScript well is to take a class.
B0068TL23G|5.0|This game is very addicting and fun, great way to kill time and not hard to figure out. Really simple
006207993X|5.0|As a writer, I thought this book was everything I expected and more. I saw the movies as a child. But the book is much better. The emotions and experiences of each character are superbly described. This is a classic no writer should ignore.  I also like this edition. Though a paperback, the cover is sturdier than a regular \\"trade\\" book. It's also slightly larger. Text is clear and easily readable.
B005XQLBU4|4.0|finally, Missile Command with a touchscreen interface! The graphics are a touch cheesy, like a flash game, but the game play is fast and the ability to upgrade and repair is pretty sweet.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|cool games. some are hard but you just got to keep trying. my mom is really great at these games.
B003VS0CX8|5.0|We really enjoyed this DVD! There wasn't many extras (because of it being an older movie).  But, it was just as I remembered from the VHS I grew up with. =)
098478280X|5.0|So I got pretty nervous when I got a call setting up for an interview at some *big* company for an internship (not listed in this book). I went through several chapters of this book. I was freaking out since most of the questions were quite tricky for me, but I realize that it's okay. These questions are supposed to be tricky. In the end however, my interviewer asked an extremely elementary question (which I still screwed up because I was really nervous). If you're getting interviewed for company that doesn't focus heavily on algorithms and optimizations, you're better off trying to prepare how to NOT be nervous during an interview (do some mock interviews at your college).<br /><br />The nice thing is that, I feel pretty confident I can take on some more challenging questions after going through this book. I just need to work on being calm during the interview and I'll be fine. Definitely a must have.
B0034G4P4O|2.0|When your 12-year-old niece asks you, \\"What was the movie about?\\" you can pretty well guess that this film was not worth the money.  I enjoyed the action sequences, the animation, and the basic story, but it was waaaaaaaaaaay too long.  The best part of the film for me was the major action sequence towards the end of the movie...but, having to sit through two hours to get to that point, it wasn't enough action/story/animation to win me over.  Having seen it in the non-3D format, I'm guessing that the major saving point of the film for others may have BEEN the 3D (and truthfully, the \\"loveable\\" drunk captain was an embarrassment to watch with my niece and nephew).  Plop in the DVD of \\"Percy Jackson and the Lightening Thief\\" if you want to give the kids a good action/adventure/story to watch.  I'd seriously wait for the television release of this movie, at least you could fast-forward to the good parts.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Really good quality and easy to use. It starts up pretty fast and is a very good product to use.
B004EPYZSU|5.0|Great Movie, My 4 1/2 year old Great Grandson was scared by the aliens.Picture and sound effects were wonderful I did not expect it to be as good as the movie turned out to be.
1451627289|3.0|I know most other reviewers loved it, but I can't say the same-for a simple reason.  The premise is flawed, to me.  King does a great job (as usual) describing a place in time.  He has an uncanny ability to do this, as shown by his previous portrayal of the dorm rats in 'Hearts in Atlantis.'  It is what makes his writing so great.  However, the idea that if 'Kennedy was saved, all would have been different' is weak.  He was a President who inspired people, but actually did not accomplish much at all during his short term in office.  He did the space program, took care of Cuba, and that sums it up.  I loved King's writing, but could not get behind the overall plot-it just did not seem plausible, that preventing the JFK assassination would have changed so much.  JFK's legacy is an ambiguous dream of hopes never realized.  Saving Lincoln might have made more sense-we knew what he did.  King wrote a good book-but not a great one.  Maybe I am getting spoiled, after 'Under the Dome,; I expect everything he writes to be great-again!  (give me the sequel to The Shining!)
B0068TL23G|3.0|I can't get this to install on my kindle fire. When I download, it says download complete, then the button greys out to installing, but never changes. At the top of my screen, the notification says install complete, but if I try to click tap to launch, it brings me back to the FAOTD page to download again. Any suggestions?
0545123275|3.0|I found Shiver to be really interesting and fun to read but it was a little confusing. I liked the whole supernatural wolf romance, it was sweet and made you fall in love with the characters. Their is a lot of going back and forth in the books so you just have to watch out and re- read what you may have missed. I liked the book and hope you all do too.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|Runs smoothly on my R2 Droid, and the depth of the backgrounds and polish of the art is a nice change of pace from its predecessors.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|This app is super for keeping up with future appointments!(: I love using different colors to catagrize my appointments! plus it's FREE! GET THIS APP!
B0066W1AZK|5.0|I'm always playing this game and I don't have any complaints at all. I'm already a much better player just from playing all the time.
B006KAWI2C|5.0|Having just received my copy of the new Rubinstein Collection, i just had to write something for fellow customers. I will not even try to extoll the value of the performances in this collection, they are of course priceless and true gems. I'll go on saying that<br />this new package from Rca/Sony Clasics is a definte must-have for both Rubinstein and piano aficionados. The recordings have been generously spread over 142 Cds replicating the original  Lp programs with all original covers, the only exception are the pre-RCA 78 recordings that have been otherwise grouped, but following a logical design. The Cds come in a nice box (roughly the size of Callas'  deluxe box edition), nicely ranged in two rows, topped by a handsome landscape-format  book with essays, fotos, and detailed information on the complete discography. The book claims the  Cds were mastered from best possible sources (SACDs and Japanese XRCDs) even going as far as the original master tapes to improve certain recordings. I haven' t gone far listening to many Cds, but I can say that the first Cd of music recorded in 1928, therefore over 80 years old sound amazingly full-bodied with great presence, generous bass and an amazing soundstage, albeit in mono and with the inevitable 78's hiss, but nonetheless surprisingly good! I would risk saying it is a real improvement over the former Rubinstein collection of 1999. As a bonus they have included two region-free DVDs, one a documentary \\"Rubinstein Remembered\\" and the other the Rubinstein live 1975 recital for Israel, a Cd of Rubinstein interviews, as well as three extra Cds of unreleased highlights from the famous series of 10 Carnegie Hall recitals of 1961, apart from original Cd from Carnegie Hall highlights already in the collection, meaning roughly over 3 extra hours of material from that famous Rubinstein offering. In all a great offering from Sony Classics and at a very tempting price, if you think you might be paying less than 2 dollars per Cd. In my opinion a must-have release.ion a must-have release.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I enjoy playing all these mini games they are pretty cool. I recommend that anybody who likes quirky games download this game.
B00632HWOG|4.0|I like this app,  but it can be modified!  I think it should have a contacts bar instead of havein to click a little icon at the bottom of your screen.
B005HSL626|1.0|it has a lot of lag. its really fun but I really wish it would stop lagging.  I am using this app on kindle fire but I don't know how good it would work on x-zoom or android
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I read my Bible daily, and now I use this app's plans to study.  My church is using this app to connect as a church to read through the Bible in a year.  It is amazing what technology can do for us.  Our pastors are even relating their sermons every week to where we are in the reading.  This app is great!  However, the shining star is always the Bible - how can you go wrong! Get it and enjoy learning about God, Jesus -His Son-Our Savior and the Holy Spirit.  It will change your life!  God's Word has that effect on everyone-it promises that!
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|this app works great on my fire.if you like angry birds, then you will just fall in love with this game. lots of fun for anybody. i take this to school, and my teachers will even take my kindle and play when I'm not using it after class, get this app and love it.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Love it - it's addicting! Really great game to pass the time while waiting. It's a huge plus that's it's free!
B0068TL23G|1.0|Solutions are not unique. Puzzles too simple. Developer spent little or no time creating individual puzzles. Also, colors used not appropriate for color blind users.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|love love love this purchase and in the end I got it for a great price. I actually bought two of them and both of us are very happy.
B005VPRET4|5.0|I bought these for my neice for christmas and she loves them. she is sure she needs to get more of them.
0684135051|3.0|I haven't worked my way through the whole book but if you're a visual person, this probably is not the book for you. I am a person who does better with more pictures and fewer words. I like to know the theory or reason behind doing a technique, but this book has too many words and too few pictures for my taste. In addition, what illustrations there are are not terribly clear.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is really awesome for the kindle fire and any other device u might use. don't look at what other bad things people say bout it cuz this is the coolest game ever. that's my opinion!
B0050DZN4K|5.0|I was looking for a Kindle Fire equivalent to Flipboard when I saw a review for Feedly.<br />I am trying to limit my news to just the topics that I am interested in while still having an engaging User experience. This is the best news reader that I have seen so far for the Kindle Fire. I think I will stop looking for a reader and start reading my news - with Feedly.
0345529057|5.0|This is a great series of books. The story being told of a fantasy world where families fight over land. Magic and murder
031237674X|1.0|I obtained this book from the library and obtained Dr. Ian Stevenson's [[ASIN:0786409134 Children Who Remember Previous Lives: A Question of Reincarnation]] from Amazon.  Dr. Jim Tucker is Dr. Ian Stevenson's successor in charge of The University of Virginia's Division of Perceptual Studies. I read Dr. Tucker's book first, and was disappointed.  I was even more so once I read Dr. Stevenson's insightful book and realized that Dr. Tucker's book was a watered down rehash of most of the same cases published in an attempt to obtain more funding after Dr. Stevenson's retirement.  Dr. Tucker's book contained summaries of a number of cases, followed by lengthy, excruciating discussions of the strengths and weaknesses of the cases that resembled a high school student's attempt to show his professor that he was capable of reasoning and analytical thought.  Anyone with an IQ of 120 or a basic understanding of high school math, logic, scientific method, or law would be intuitively aware of the obvious strengths and weaknesses of the cases without the need for Dr. Tucker.  It would have been more helpful (and less boring) to present additional cases so that the reader could draw his or her own conclusions.  Unlike Dr. Tucker's book,  Dr. Stevenson's \\"Children Who Remember Previous Lives\\" accomplished its purpose as a simple overview for the general reader of Dr. Stevenson's more extensive works.  Additionally, Dr. Stevenson included in his book interesting letters and other historical information, providing the reader with an overview of references to reincarnation by figures such as H.M. Stanley (discoverer of Dr. Livingston), Lord Brougham (a former British Lord Chancellor), Plato, as well as by less well-known persons.  Seriously, don't bother with \\"Life Before Life.\\"  Read the real stuff published earlier by Dr. Stevenson.ell-known persons.  Seriously, don't bother with \\"Life Before Life.\\"  Read the real stuff published earlier by Dr. Stevenson.
B0068TL23G|3.0|It is really fun but it is also verry short, I would likely it better if there were more levels. Make it happen
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app is amazing!!!!!!!! it is challenging yet fun there are lots of fun and there are lots of games in it!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is very entertaining and quite addictive. Once one game is finished one has to play another. Great stuff and very easy to.use
B005ETA5K2|1.0|Just beginning to set up and not even 25 minutes had passed and finally stopped working without explanation.<br />I could hardly see a slight improvement in wireless signal reception, but there was no time to know if there was improved.
B004GYY714|5.0|Perfect for finding any topic, station, song, or talk show anywhere in the US and abroad.  Amazing selection of on demand stations.  Even get program schedules of what's playing all day for any station.  Makes radios of old seem comically limited in comparison.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|Ok games but impossible to unlock them all just by playing the game.  Even doing the free downloads for coins only occasionally works. Basically this is a paid app masquerading as a free one.
B0061JPYX2|5.0|if you want to know what cool is...listen up and then buy her other 2 cds.  What a special person.
B0068TL23G|4.0|Fun game and can be quite challenging when you get up to higher levels. Some of the later levels have just one solution so you really have to think about every move. You can undo your last move by pressing the green button on the bottom left of the screen. There are way more than 16 levels (there are nine chapters). Each time you finish a chapter of levels you can press the little green arrow at the bottom left of the screen to access more chapters.<br /><br />Overall, this is a fun and challenging game. The interface needs work though as it is not very intuitive as so many people do not realize that there are additional levels and an undo last move button. If they work on the interface and keep adding levels this can be a really great game.
B0045HCJKS|5.0|This is a great movie, picture is clear and sound perfect, wish they had released it on blu ray but this is good.
030746363X|5.0|Down 18 pounds in 4 weeks. Haven't changed my exercise habits. I enjoy MTB riding instead of making it a workout. The book gets to the point and each plan has several levels.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it is an ok app to kill time but it takes a lot of time to unlock all games unless you pay for them
B005HV6Y84|5.0|I love this CD!  Only one song on here that I don't like, but all the rest are great!  I have bought the previous soundtracks for the Twilight movies and the last one wasn't very good, but this one is very easy on the ears!
B004FOA84A|1.0|THIS GAME MADE NO SENSE...NO CLUES...NO HINTS...HAD TO GO TO YOU TUBE FOR MOST OF THE GAME. BY THE TIME I FINALLY FINISHED IT , I HATED IT!!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|very well pleased no problem to install does great job i saw the video on this product and it does just as he showed i would say this is best cover available
0062082353|2.0|This is an interesting story told badly.  When I pull out my marking pen and start correcting the grammar and writing a few pages into a book, I know I am in trouble.  &lt;ouch>  This is an interesting story, but the bad writing gets in the way of telling it.  I preordered the book because it had two additional writers which I had hoped would smooth out the writing.  Simply because one has had an interesting life does not mean that they can tell it well.  Unfortunately in their attempt to sound \\"authentic,\\" they sound foolish.  This book is almost nothing like Marcus Luttrell's \\"Lone Survivor\\" nor Howard Wasdin's \\"Seal Team Six\\" both of which were superlative stories told incredibly well. I'm sorry I bought this, but I am going to attempt finish it because I want to hear the story.  I just wish the telling didn't make it so painful.  I would not recommend this book until you have read the others; and, if you have read the others you may not want to read this one.
B005ZKYXZI|4.0|In the not-too-distant future (2027) Charlie Kenton (Hugh Jackman; X-Men, The Prestige) plays a down on his luck, scheming ex-boxer who signed away the rights to his son at birth, owes every unsavory soul he could find some money, is behind on his rent, and even more behind on his dignity.  He's down on himself so much that he won't even tolerate hearing accolades of his past triumphs.  Charlie pushes everyone away so far and hard that he can't even remember how old his own son is (who is 11).<br /><br />The ultimate scumbag, Charlie sells custody of his son (Max, played by Dakota Goya; Thor).  But to collect, he must spend the summer with him.  He uses the $50K custodial bounty to buy an ex-pro robot boxer to pit in a dirty underground fight. Guess how that turns out for this winner?<br /><br />Charlie teaches Max about haste, greed, theft, and the history of sport-fighting that led to the robot boxing sensation.  Max, a fan of robot boxing, teaches him how to dream with his devout support of an obsolete model junkyard robot.  Because Max won't let up, Charlie has no choice but to submit and teach him about the sport.  \\"You've played video games, right?  Well this is just like that.  Except that this one's a 1000 pound robot.\\"  Atom, as Max names him, is a sparring bot that mirrors fighting styles.  Atom is under-sized, fast and designed to take hits, not deliver them.  Charlie has doubts.  Max has dreams.  And Atom is special.<br /><br />Charlie teaches Max what the audience wants and trains the bot to box.  Max works up a mean robot shadow-dancing routine to give Atom a persona.  Atom serves as a friend to the boy and an inspiration to both of them.  This makes Charlie smile for reasons beyond money.  When he sees Max win with Atom, it's as if Charlie begins to think he can, too.  They quickly beat some big names and make one for themselves and go pro aiming for Zeus, the pro-champ and an evolving, fully autonomous robot.  How do you beat that?<br /><br />For the boxing enthusiasts out there, Sugar Ray Leonard sets up an original rope-a-dope for our junkyard scrapper in honor of Muhammad Ali.  In Real Steel, Atom may lack the palpable emotional output of Wall-E, but this faceless robot manages to make us \\"feel\\".  And it may not quite be Rocky, but when Atom wins, I feel like \\"I win.\\"  This father-son team and junkyard robot turned hero really made my day!  The hits are hard, the drive is contagious, and the victory is emotional!Leonard sets up an original rope-a-dope for our junkyard scrapper in honor of Muhammad Ali.  In Real Steel, Atom may lack the palpable emotional output of Wall-E, but this faceless robot manages to make us \\"feel\\".  And it may not quite be Rocky, but when Atom wins, I feel like \\"I win.\\"  This father-son team and junkyard robot turned hero really made my day!  The hits are hard, the drive is contagious, and the victory is emotional!
B004SIFYYW|1.0|Stephanie Meyer writes vampire fiction as many teenage girls do -- overblown writing, sexy cold vampires, and a vacuously attractive heroine who serves as the readers' stand-in. WARNING: spoilers.<br /><br />But as fluffy and shameless as Meyer's past work has been, she dips far below her past nadirs in the ghastly, sluggish \\"Breaking Dawn.\\" There's a grotesque twist toward the book's spluttering end, and it becomes painfully obvious that Meyer was determined to give everyone an utterly happy ending. And she'll sacrifice whatever plot or characterization it takes to get that happy ending.<br /><br />Resident \\"Mary Sue\\" Bella is getting the royal treatment from her fiance Edward in the days before they marry. The wedding goes off with only one hitch -- her ex-love-interest Jacob's anger at her impending transformation into a vampire. But newlywed bliss doesn't make for a terribly interesting grand finale, so we get the expected twist -- Bella's pregnant with a half-vampire baby.<br /><br />Jacob becomes even more upset when he witnesses the violent birth of Bella's magical super-special baby Renesmee (nickname: Nessie) -- only to have something unexpected (and very icky) occur between himself and the newborn. But turning into a vampire won't solve Bella's problems, because it turns out that other vampires are gathering in preparation to attack... and it's due to the birth of Renesmee. Oh, the suspense!<br /><br />Authors often create all sorts of endings for popular series -- sad ones, happy ones, bittersweet ones, and occasionally ones that make absolutely no sense in relation to the series. Unfortunately in \\"Breaking Dawn,\\" Meyer has opted for the last type of ending -- and that finale starts the moment Bella gets pregnant, and becomes more absurd and inane as the story drags on. It ends up being rather difficult to care what happens to any of the characters, because the readers are being assaulted by a string of absurd plot twists.<br /><br />Not that there's much of a plot to twist -- Meyer desperately pads out the flimsy storyline with a lot of florid prose and endless melodrama. The first part of the book is pretty much consumed by wedding drivel and subsequent soft-focus sex, but after Bella becomes pregnant everything spirals down the drain. All this drama culminates in a ghastly birth scene that may turn some readers off ever having kids. Vampire teeth are involved.<br /><br />Having exhausted what little plot can be wrung from a Edward-Bella marriage and subsequent pregnancy, Meyer struggles to somehow fix this by introducing a Big Bad Threat to the new family's happiness. Unfortunately, it has all the climactic impact of a soggy firecracker. As the final indignity, Meyer crashes down a vaguely pedophilic plot twist for Jacob, so he won't be too lonely. You can almost hear the thin plot cracking in a thousand places, as Meyers strains to give a Happily-Ever-After for everybody.<br /><br />Bella remains one of the most vacuous heroines in modern literature -- she has the passion and intellect of a wet mop, but once she becomes a vampire she is also shockingly graceful, beautiful, powerful and self-controlled. In case you haven't noticed, she's just amazing in every way -- and it's difficult to control one's gag reflex when reading about a glaring self-insert made so utterly perfect.<br /><br />Not that the supporting characters help much -- Edward has yet to develop an actual personality beyond adoring Bella and being an insensitive controlling jerk, and poor Jacob is turned into a pedophile. And the Ultra-Super-Special Vampire Baby is almost as nauseating -- and even more featureless a personality -- as the mother who spawned her.<br /><br />\\"Breaking Dawn\\" would better have been called \\"Breaking Down.\\" Stephanie Meyer had a good thing going with the vacuous vampire soap opera, but here she rips it apart and turns it inside out. Intensely bad.of a plot to twist -- Meyer desperately pads out the flimsy storyline with a lot of florid prose and endless melodrama. The first part of the book is pretty much consumed by wedding drivel and subsequent soft-focus sex, but after Bella becomes pregnant everything spirals down the drain. All this drama culminates in a ghastly birth scene that may turn some readers off ever having kids. Vampire teeth are involved.<br /><br />Having exhausted what little plot can be wrung from a Edward-Bella marriage and subsequent pregnancy, Meyer struggles to somehow fix this by introducing a Big Bad Threat to the new family's happiness. Unfortunately, it has all the climactic impact of a soggy firecracker. As the final indignity, Meyer crashes down a vaguely pedophilic plot twist for Jacob, so he won't be too lonely. You can almost hear the thin plot cracking in a thousand places, as Meyers strains to give a Happily-Ever-After for everybody.<br /><br />Bella remains one of the most vacuous heroines in modern literature -- she has the passion and intellect of a wet mop, but once she becomes a vampire she is also shockingly graceful, beautiful, powerful and self-controlled. In case you haven't noticed, she's just amazing in every way -- and it's difficult to control one's gag reflex when reading about a glaring self-insert made so utterly perfect.<br /><br />Not that the supporting characters help much -- Edward has yet to develop an actual personality beyond adoring Bella and being an insensitive controlling jerk, and poor Jacob is turned into a pedophile. And the Ultra-Super-Special Vampire Baby is almost as nauseating -- and even more featureless a personality -- as the mother who spawned her.<br /><br />\\"Breaking Dawn\\" would better have been called \\"Breaking Down.\\" Stephanie Meyer had a good thing going with the vacuous vampire soap opera, but here she rips it apart and turns it inside out. Intensely bad.
0062119044|5.0|This is a compelling story told in the voice of a mother whose son has committed a mass killing at his high school. The narrator is a sophisticated elitist, the editor of travel books that pour scorn on package tourists and unadventurous stay-at-homes. She is clever and sarcastic. In the end there is a suggestion that there is a link between her elitism and a Nietzschean (did I spell that right) contempt for the common herd that drives her son to exult in cruelty.    Can fiction explain things about human motivation that straight biography cannot? What went on in the minds of Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold? What must it have been like to the parent of one of them. Several books have tried to give us answers.    I came to this after having read  Dave Cullen's  and Jeff Kass's books about Columbine  and Peter Langdon's \\" Why Kids Kill\\" and Mark Ames's \\"Going Postal.\\" None of those had the answers and neither did this, but it kept me reading.
B004UID2LC|3.0|do u have 2 pay 2 down load vids from you tube on this app because I need 2 know so does it someone plz tell me
B0057VDGNK|5.0|This is a great soundtrack, the music is very different. It's definitely very LA, but trancy, or maybe it's electronic pop, who knows, I'm not a poet so maybe that's the best description, but the music fits the movie perfectly,
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Like it says it has 100 games. some games are a little glitchy but still fun. and if you rate them you get 250,000 points.
B0068TL23G|5.0|Fun app to pass the time during breaktime. Not as easy as it looks at first. Levels get progressively hard and you also need a set number of points to unlock new chapters. Music could get annoying after a while, but you have the option to turn sounds off. No problems running it on Kindle Fire.
B000XUBFE2|5.0|What a beautiful written story. I laughed out loud and cried.  One of the best books I have ever read!
B005KELQEU|2.0|The Belkin cover I bought for my Kindle is too skimpy. It turns my Kindle on when I zip it up.
B0060AY6FO|5.0|For Austin fans, P.D. James is a blessing.  She has created a mystery at Pemberly, involving the Darcys and their most annoying relations.  No vampires, or overly contrived plots. A very  good read.
B0000C172X|4.0|My husband went through a phase when he had to play this album every day. But Neil Young grows on you at many levels. A lot of heart and intensity behind that gentle voice, and melodies that stay in your head. The title track to this album, based on a simple three-chord blues progression, always releases with a pretty jazz chord that elevates the entire song and makes you wait with anticipation for each time it comes around.
B004HW7JMO|5.0|find, enjoyed the series. well packaged. would recommend it to many of my friends to watch  nothing else to say. jal;dkfjsfj aljdfl;a a;djfl;adfj a;ldjfa  fjldkue; adkfjaldjfo alkdfjajdlfn  sldkfjasd;lfjsi ;alkdfjlskdjf
0307891372|5.0|this is a good product it is a muct buy for skyrim lovers it is an awesome find and there are some ups and downs to it
B0054JZC6E|4.0|a good game and very hard to get a ton of money if you don't play a ton or you have to buy games at right time
073937771X|5.0|Very entertaining and fast paced. I wish he was still alive to write more in this series with these interesting characters.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|The app is very nice with all the many translations and the ability to only download the ones you desire. YouVersion also has the capability to save one of many (over 100) Bible studies online that you are studying, along with notes you can add, you can access from your phone or the Fire or the computer, which is convenient, however I seeem to be having the problems with connecting to the server more and more often.  Please fix this issue real soon, with that fixed I would give it 5 stars.
B00000IWVS|5.0|Still spectacular after going on nearly 50 years. Argerich at her most energetic. Arguably the best Chopin recording in the catalog. And, except for the most finicky ears, still sounds great, too
B000PAU032|3.0|plastic case often brokes after using it once or twice. in some cases it is already broken when i receive it. the other characateristics, like audio quality, seem to be ok.
B005HYNCTK|5.0|Straightaway, let's agree that Celibidache in Bruckner is an acquired taste. Just not to everyone's taste. For some, it's otherworldly. To others, aggravatingly glacial. For me, Celibidache works best in the Bruckner 4th and 6th. But the other symphonies in this set are easily recommendable because, well, Celibidache offers a different, no less interesting, view. Probably not the only set you'll want, though. For a more traditional approach, stick to the very fine Karajan set (the 4th and 7th conducted by Bohm are two other favorites -- and they still sound fine given their vintage).
B003L77GG0|5.0|I am so pleased with my order.  I am a huge Smallville fan and was pleased to finish my collection so quickly and easily.  The price was more than half that of most stores.  Package was still in plastic and brand new.  Another happy Amazon customer!
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|This movie was awesome. It is long overdue!!!  Viola Davis is a hidden actress that has been around for a very long time.  I am so happy she is finally getting her just due.  Octivia Spencer is great also.  This movie should have been out a long time ago.  Everyone in it had such a great story to tell.  I read the book first-I'm glad I did.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I have become a huge fan of Evermote sometime ago due to its usefulness in my studies. As a student I am able to type my notes in class directly into my netbook's Evernote. From there I sync it to my ipod touch and Kindle Fire allowing me to access and study my class notes anywhere at anytime. That usefulness in being able to easily sync between my devices has been fantastic over my months using the device.
B004EPZ06G|5.0|I didnt think they could top the first movie, but this one is just as good as the original!  A must see for Hangover fans.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|I could not be more satisfied with this product, first of all IT IS ADELE LIVE!  The DVD is absolutely sublime, enjoyed every song. Plus you got the CD and it also has a small book with pictures. Definitely worth every dolar.
B006MQRLSA|5.0|I love sports movies and this one was no different for me; it was a really engaging and interesting movie and even more so since it was based on true events. This film can engage viewers who are familiar or unfamiliar with the sport since it really focuses on the stories of 2 men and their pioneering vision. Also thought Brad Pitt was excellent.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game plays like a real solitaire on your kitchen table... only better and faster. Very realistic nicer sharp graphics.
B003UESJHO|5.0|I loved this movie - it offered both a compelling story and great sports scenes. I also thought the acting was wonderful - melissa leo, amy adams, christian bale, and mark wahlberg were ALL excellent. You are drawn in my each and everyone of these characters.  I love how there were multiple interesting and engaging stories - the fighter, the brother, the family, the girlfriend...  This movie is definitely more than a typical \\"sports\\" movie - there is a lot of depth here, made all the more powerful since this is based on true events.  I love sports dramas and this was one of my favorites.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|a lot of variety in game selection. great free games to choose from. love the mini games. would recommend to anyone. keep up good work.
B003O86FMW|4.0|This book didn't have my full attention as much as the first one. Now I can't wait to read the 3rd one. Find myself rooting for Katniss!
B0068RHGJM|4.0|Nightwish made their fame by putting out a bombastic power metal with operatic vocal into their \\"Oceanborn\\" album. That was where I started becoming their fan. Over the years their music become more and more diverse. \\"Imaginaerum\\" is probably their most ambitious album in terms of incorporating different genres and elements.  However, after a few spins of the new album, I have a hard time finding those songs that click on me. \\"DPP\\" had similar song arrangement with this album, but at least I can find \\"Poet and the pendulum\\" to remind me their glory days.  In here, other than \\"Ghost\\" and \\"Scaretale\\", I found out either there are too many slow songs (\\"Mermaids\\", \\"Crow\\" and \\"Slow\\"), too cheesy (\\"Tear\\" and \\"Last ride\\") or too broken (\\"Song of Myself\\").  There is no denial of their strong effort to broaden the music range. However, as a fan of their early albums, it is sad to admit they already moved on while I haven't.
B00127RAJY|4.0|This DVD has three workouts on it.  All three will push you hard.  After doing the first level for 4 weeks or so, I was able to continue on to the second level (but not in addition to the first, just do the 2nd on its own).  I have not reached the point where I can feel comfortable moving on to the third level.  My husband thinks the third level is easier than the second.  And I have a friend who does the second and then the third for her workout.  So, it can be versatile in that way.  For sure, your heart is in your throat (as Jillian herself says) and you get really tired and sweaty.  I hate how exhausting the static holds or the high-bursts are.  I dread doing this workout for those moments.  I also really hate her dumb comments and given how little I like to be pushed this hard, I feel down right angry when she says things like, \\"Just think about jean shopping.  That's get me to work out for sure!\\" or something like that.  Also, if you have any sort of joint problems, beware.  This video should be attempted by people who are in some sort of acceptable physical condition.  You do jumping jacks, lunges, and a few other high-impact movements.  I have stopped doing this video and given myself a few months rest from it when I hurt my knee.  This has happened a few times already.  I can run and rock climb, SCUBA dive, yoga, etc, but this high of high-impact is hard on my joints.  So, therefore, I say, proceed with caution.  If I absolutely need to get the most out of a 20 minute workout, then this is my go-to DVD.  If I have more time to do something i enjoy a little more, I would rather do that.
143911000X|5.0|Quality of the paper and cover is pretty reasonable.  In terms of reading, is very easy to and with a lot of fun.  A good and funny gift.
B00361DR4Q|5.0|This is a recording from a live performance by Teatro alla Scala di Milano.  First of all the music: Violetta was sung by Angela Gheorghiu.  She was flawless in singing, one of the best performances for Violetta I have seen.  I would not go as far as calling her singing inspiring, but it is sure to please and impress any Opera lover.  I have never had the good fortune of hearing one of her performances before, and I am very impressed.  I think I can become a fan of hers easily.  Alfredo was sung by well known Ramn Vargas.  This was a technically excellent performance for him (as usual), though I have heard others singing this role with more passion.  All other singers are secondary, but they too impressed in their roles.  Next the peripherals: the acting, the set design, the costumes,...  This was one of the best acted La Traviata performances I have ever seen.  Gheorghiu was emotional (almost too emotional.) She is indeed an outstanding actress (which is surprising for most Opera stars.)  Besides her singing and acting, she also made her role very believable because she is thin and attractive.  I have seen other performances before flawlessly sung by well known heavy set Sopranos (and there are lots of them), who were playing the role of Violetta, a young woman near death suffering from consumption.  I enjoyed those too (for the music) but no amount acting will make the experience really believable when the actress does not fit the part.  I am happy to say that this is not the case here.  The set design was fabulous.  The attention to the details of the Period was outstanding.  Costumes (especially for women) were dazzling.  Finally, I was very impressed by a little bonus visual summary just before the last act.  During the \\"Preludio Atta Terzo\\", the opera goers at the performance were treated to the music only.  But this Blu-ray disk superimposed a very tastefully selected images from the previous acts, summarizing the story visually while the orchestra played the prelude.  It was amazing how well the visual show fit the music.  I wonder if Verdi pictured it that way?  Next the Blu-Ray disk: it outstanding! This was filmed in high definition with excellent cinematography.  I recommend that you view this Blu-Ray disk on an HDTV capable of 1080p resolution.  Visual experience is an excellent compliment to the musical one.  Finally the price:  it is a steal!  Buy one immediately while it is still selling for less than $10.  It is a better deal than any DVD you can buy.
0975991477|5.0|I cannot say enough about this book and Im not much on writing reviews. In fact this might be my first, but as a biology student going for my masters who has experienced many things in this life through my former military career and has a wide perspective based on life experience who is also grounded in science and logic, I say that this book offers a new outlook on an old belief in ways that will hopefully and seriously change the world(and I do not say this lightly). The new science described in this book has begun to scratch the surface of things that will have ramifications that reach beyond my lifetime and our history much as Copernicus's view of the planets. Buy this book If you want your life to be enlightened, if you are looking for ways to change your current life situations and/or are simply interested in a good read and new perspective.
0439023521|5.0|This book and the other two in the series are just awesome! I could not but them down. I definitely recommend these to everyone. I was skeptical at first but I am really glad I read them!
0439023521|5.0|I started reading this today...received my package yesterday; using Super Saving shipping. I couldn't put this book down! Page after page, edge of your seat, adrenaline pumping reading! Suzanne Collins writes a great book. I highly recommend this book to anyone.  Character development drew me in.  Friends, family, and co-workers gave HIGH RECOMMENDATION! (Didn't disappoint!)  Great for anyone who enjoys any type of genre.  I purchased the paper back version.
B0050Q3UEM|5.0|I have been a long time fan of Digitally Imported radio and this app makes it possible to stream their multitude of stations in my car. I love it! Great work, guys!
B004FGMDOQ|4.0|`I used to dream about escaping my ordinary life, but my life was never ordinary. I had simply failed to notice how extraordinary it was.'<br /><br />Going into this book I had the impression that it would be this scary, `Shutter Island' type novel. I also thought it was Adult Fiction. I was wrong on both counts; but was still not disappointed, the story was quite interesting.<br /><br />`Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children' is the story of sixteen-year-old Jacob who has grown up listening to his grandfather's tales of his younger years living in an orphanage with `Peculiar Children' on an island off the coast of Wales. Jacob stopped believing his grandfather many years ago, but when his grandfather is attacked and dies mysteriously Jacob begins to wonder if his stories weren't true after all. His grandfather's dying words cause him to go in search of this mysterious island and to find the abandoned orphanage even though those children can't still be alive... or can they?<br /><br />I loved how the author incorporated all the old photographs into the story. Having something visual to relate the story to, made it much more interesting. I thought that the storyline was extremely original. It reminded me of those people that performed at the circus with the extraordinary powers, except these were children with extraordinary and they were all kept in an orphanage/school all Harry Potter/X-Men style. I also had no idea that this book was the start of a new series...the ending left me anxious in anticipation of what would happen next.
B005K17RU0|5.0|This app does a great job at giving an accurate weather forecast (as much as anyone can) with beautiful full screen graphics and minimal ad distractions.
0345522478|4.0|Atticus is a 21 centuries old red-headed Irishmen but he only looks 21 years old living in Tempe, Arizona. He's the last of the Druids and has been in hiding to keep Aenghus &Oacute;g, a Celtic god, from finding him. Unfortunately he's been discovered and he's coming for him... but this time he decides not to run. He's sick of hiding, sick of running, and he's ready to fight.<br /><br />It's always nice to find a new Urban Fantasy series that is a refreshing change from your typical vampires and werewolves. Don't get me wrong, I love those books too but it's nice to mix it up a bit or storylines end up blending together for me. On top of the refreshing change, this story was surprisingly free of all things I abhor about your typical fiction these days: love triangles and cliffhangers.<br /><br />I felt that this was an extremely well written story full of snarky lines that I love so much. The relationship between Atticus and Oberon (his wolfhound) was borderline adorable. They were more on a friend level than owner/pet; considering that they were able to speak to each other with their minds probably had something to do with it. I also enjoyed how the gods and goddesses speech was entirely different than mere mortals and how formal and full of thought they seemed to give each line.<br /><br />\\"He came out of a building called `Crussh,' holding one of these potions. Are you familiar with the building, Druid?\\"<br />\\"I believe that is a smoothie bar in England.\\"<br />\\"Quite right. So after I killed him and stowed his body next to the doe, I sampled his smoothie concoction in the parking lot and found it to be quite delicious.\\"<br />See, sentences like that are why I nurture a healthy fear of the Tuatha D&eacute; Danann.<br /><br />The only issue I had was keeping up with the vast amounts of information on Celtic mythology. This wasn't exactly an issue per say, just a personal problem I had as I'm not familiar with it at all. I felt that the author still did an awesome job at sufficiently explaining all the intricate details for those of us who, like me, are just unfamiliar.<br /><br />I will definitely be reading the other books in this series; I have no doubt they'll be just as enjoyable.e of us who, like me, are just unfamiliar.  I will definitely be reading the other books in this series; I have no doubt they'll be just as enjoyable.
B005I6EU7U|5.0|This is very nice cover for your book. Looks very professinal. And I Love how everyone thinks it is a Bible. I have bought a few others , but Not like this on. Very nice. And I encourage everyone to get this one.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Very good for a free app.  Also enjoy the auto complete feature one you have won.  Would recommend to anyone looking for solitaire.
0765348276|4.0|I had heard this book compared to Heinlein's \\"Starship Troopers\\" and Haldeman's \\"Forever War\\" and so I had high hopes for it. I will say that writing style was very reminiscent of those two books, but I can't put it quite in their league. Essentially, I think this book really needed to be about 200 pages longer. Even then, it still would've been a quick read.  Don't get me wrong; this is not a bad book. It's an interesting concept and it's well written. The problem is that only one section of the book (the protagonist's journey from civilian life to basic training) is fully told. The section dealing with John's experiences in training stop just as they're really getting going. I mean what's in the book is excellent - every bit as good as equivalent sections of Starship Troopers and Forever War (without in any way mimicking them) - but just as it's getting going, it's suddenly just over. Period. Dot. Next, please. How dissatisfying! Adding another 50 pages here so we can see John's evolution from civilian to soldier would've been a good idea. As it is, the transition is too abrupt.  The section dealing with John's combat experiences in the Colonial Defense Force is disappointing. It's well written, but seems rather perfunctory in describing the battles. And the battles themselves are kind of annoying: the book makes a big deal about how few of the recruits can expect to make it to retirement, but in the actual ground fighting, the CDF always mops the floor with the bad guys. Again, we don't get to see much evolution of the main character. He doesn't seem to change much at all, in fact.  Without giving too much away, John's relationship with Jane Sagan, the special forces officer, is obviously the heart of the story. But she doesn't even show up until the book is two-thirds over. As a result, the relationship never gets fully developed and is over (along with the book) before you know it.  One last point: The book is very America-centric. All the recruits are Americans (the colonists are all from India, btw), and the CDF medals have American names (John is awarded a Bronze Star Medal). It just seems kind of odd that all the CDF soldiers in the book are American, even though the book says they recruit from all over Earth. I'm an American and I love my country, but reading a science fiction novel where everyone in an interstellar military force just happens to be from the good ol' U.S. of A. makes it feel a bit provincial.  Despite the foregoing criticism, I still think this is a good book. Not one of the greats, but I enjoyed it well enough. It's certainly worth a read.
B004QK5N5W|4.0|This is great if you want to mirror your iPad 2 on your tv, or watch videos from various apps on the big screen!  Plus, the added charging port is a major bonus so you don't have to drain your battery while watching something.  We use this to watch slide shows, movies, netflix, or whatever on the TV.  Note that you are sometimes limited on what apps will play on the TV due to app restrictions (like Slingbox will only use the HDMI out feature if it is streaming on high quality...which is a bummer).  I still have the [[ASIN:B001DK9LB0 Scosche IPAV SneakPEAK Audio/Video Cable for iPad,iPod and iPhone - Synchronization Software - Retail Packaging - Black]]that I use when an HDMI port isn't available, but this cable doesn't allow for full mirroring like this adapter does.  Overall, I'm extremely happy with this purchase!
B0042U94UQ|4.0|WHAT A GREAT MOVIE FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY. ALL THESE ANIMATED MOVIES THAT HAVE COME OUT RECENTLY HAVE  TERRIFC FUNNY LINES & GAGS, THIS IS WHAT MAKES THIS MOVIE ENJOYABLE.
1400052181|5.0|This is one of the most interesting book I have read and I read a lot of books. My own library of over 600 books. I had no idea, what the scientist, medical profession and do with pieces of our bodies with out our knowledge.   It is perfectly legal. Her family doesen't have medical insurance, yet her cells have saved so many lives and there are still cells being used today , she died in 1951. To me it is so important about what can be done to us, if we don't have the knowledge. I tell everyone read and LEARN
B0063GORYU|5.0|So glad it was released as an app. And at a low price, too. It's easyto use on the fire, and I like to be able to play when I have down time in meetings.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|It was in perfect conditon. I wanted my grandson to view it. This man was so concerned about the earth we live on.
0385344228|5.0|This is a multifaceted story of family relationships that asks the question how far would you go to protect a loved one?  What constitutes \\"protection\\"?<br /><br />Jacob is the fourteen-year-old son of District Attorney Andy Barber.  When Jacob is accused of killing his classmate, Barber shifts into overdrive to prove Jacob's innocence.  The case is complicated by animosity between Andy and the D.A. Prosecuting his son.  The trial exposes family secrets and places the Barber family in the spotlight - resulting in trial by media. The story is part love story, part drama and part thriller.  The plot was engrossing with plenty of surprises.  I loved it and look forward to reading more from William Landay.
B0068TL23G|4.0|The music wrecks it for me. Also, even at the lowest device volume, the other sounds are very loud and annoying. This is not the hame to play on bed while your wife is asleep, believe me. I will go back to reading books.
B0061S073A|5.0|before I found this app I was always worried everytime i let my little ones play with my tablets. not anymore.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|I love my cover. I read the reviews and saw all the negative ones so I almost didn't order it. I decided to try it knowing I could always return it. It works great for me. Those who say the stand won't hold it up must not have used it with their Kindle in it. It is light weight and I like the hard shell which holds the Kindle in it very well. I like the top cover being flexible so I can easily fold it over to read my Kindle. Give it a try.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|the best game ever. I love. it is so cool and fun. you should buy it for yourself. rate it good when you. buy it.
1451627289|5.0|While not a huge Stephen King fan, I was fascinated by the premise.  Only six years old when Kennedy was assassinated, I was deeply affected by the event and the aftermath. King's story is such an homage to a simpler, more innocent America and it made me melancholy for that time in our country's history as well as my own.<br /><br />At the core of a wonderful yarn about time-travel and one man's attempt to alter an \\"obdurate\\" past, is a love story that gives Jake's journey and ours, deeper meaning.<br /><br />King has always been the master of character description, and he shines at making the people in this book real.  In fact, I think it is the side stories and the people Jake meets along the way that make this story so captivating.<br /><br />The ending made me cry (I won't give it away here) but it was a beautiful way to wrap up a story where the things that really matter are resolved. LOVED, LOVED, LOVED it!
B004EPYZQ2|5.0|I loved this, with Dolby Digital 7.1 is a explosion on the action scenes. The only fault is on the cover... Someone, i don't now if is the Paramount or the Amazon put a stick very difficult to take off on that. Maybe they could put this on the plastic inside... Who wants a stick on the cover!?
B004MC8CA2|5.0|It is more than I expected. My grandkids are going to Love it. I cant wait too let it read to them for me. In one word GREAT!!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|great app, I have it on my fire and my iphone. its helpful and easy to use! and the devotionals are a GREAT feature!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|It is fun to play. Some games are harder than others. Some games get faster as u go some are just plain easy
B002JVWQSW|4.0|I usually stay away from the network sitcoms with the fake laugh-tracks so resisted watching this one as well despite several recommendations.  Well, finally I got to it and have not been disappointed.  The mix of characters is wonderful and it is somewhat true to life.  A good comment on family life.  And best of all, no laugh track!  One is not needed.  Highly recommended.
B005M2A4D4|5.0|Series six of Doctor Who is amasing! Matt Smith, Karen Gillan, and Arthur Darvill return as The Doctor, Amy, and Rory and Silence are revealed! Wait, what was I saying? Oh yeah, Doctor Who series six has everything a good Sci-Fi show needs; creepy aliens, space pirates, the TARDIS in the body of woman, crazy dopplegangers, a great space war, Hitler in a cupboard, giant living wooden dollies, handbots who want to perform a kindness that kills, a minotaur, the Cybermen return, and finally all of time and space occurring at one time. Awesome! The guest stars are just as amasing as the main three and the stories are moving and epic. I was brought to tears and I laughed hysterically. Overall, it is fantastic!
B005PK56TA|4.0|this is riveting to watch, never a dull moment. the acting is excellent. however, I found it getting darker and darker, and this, plus the violence, got to be too much. there is nothing good to hold you above water it sinks to the lowest depths.
B006GKHE6G|2.0|the controls suck... it is very very hard to play a game like this without an actual physical controller. great graphics and sound but horrible gameplay
B001UGB1X8|2.0|horrible acting. horrible editing. horrible dialoge. horrible pacing. boring with way too much driving and talking.only actor good in movie is woman scraping grill who is in movie for only a minute.
B000UD08HW|5.0|Unfortunately this Blu ray disk is only for the USA! So I have to debloq my European Blu ray player which usually comes at a cost.  But I know the DVD version whch I can play on my decoded DVD (Philips) player...  The concert is breathtaking and extended as well, what a show and what a  cast.  If you like music of the seventies and eighties(who does not) should have this DVD or BLU RAY
B0058BI896|5.0|there is nothing NOT FUNNY in this show. The dialogue is brillant. the characters are orginal, unique, and hilarious. every line is a jem.
B004SBQGHS|4.0|this game is super fun in my option you should play this game my fab bird is the bomb bird worth your money
B000U0O9FM|5.0|As is always the case with Palahniuk, you must be prepared for a wild ride full of humor, gore, gross-out yuckness, a fun plot, crazy characters, and some very fun and creative twists.
0062103377|4.0|As much as the book was enjoyable because of the information (most of which is common knowledge for fans, but nice for a resource), the unique storyline, and getting the 'voice' of the Bobby Singer we all know and love, it was a bit bitter sweet due to the timing.  I would recommend it for fans, though it may not be nearly as good for people that don't follow the show (Id'jits).
B005MMYPIE|5.0|Another great find,while checking out similar artist on LastFM.  Select Within Temptation and then select Similar Artist. Also  play artist radio,this way you can hear other bands and if you  like then \\"CHECK them out\\". Amazon is a quick and easy way to  make your collection affordable and easy to acquire. THANKS
B001NLKT60|5.0|My experience was through the audiobook which, I believe has an unimitable ability to express through all the different voices who the (many) charachters are. I couldn't get enough of this book and the last (dragon). I have a commute and i love to run while listening. I have become close to and admire Lisbeth Salander's character. Excellent read!
B0068TL23G|4.0|Fast and easy game. Good time killer. I like it a lot. pretty fun. can't wait to try other levels.
B005I6EU7U|5.0|Wanted to protect my Kindle Fire since I carry it everywhere and looked at several different places for a nice cover. Had to end up ordering it from Amazon and I love the product. Looks like a book, very attractive and protects my Fire.
0937381888|5.0|This book is amazing for those interested in homebrewing.  The book is written for both newcomers and vets of this booming hobby.  Author writes in plain text, not confusing anyone with scientific explanations.  The first chapter is a crash course explaining how to brew from start to finish.  Remaining chapters explain the processes in depth but in a way that doesnt bore you.  Great instructions and explanations which ill refer to for years to come.  I HIGHLY recommend this book to anyone new to the hobby.
B001AZI1W8|1.0|bought this dvd and was excited.  i had never seen rihanna live besides award show performances and some youtube clips.  watched it and was shocked. the concert it's self was underwhelming.  maybe i'm use to a higher quality when it comes to concerts but even comparing this to some early britney spears concerts, its just horrible.  the dvd it's self was produced well.  but the mere fact that they DUBBED OVER her actual voice was shocking.  while view i thought it was me at first but then you start to notice mistakes like where the audio track is playing at a part where not only is the mic not up to her mouth but her mouth clearly isn't moving.  rihanna doesn't have the strongest singing voice as far as live performances goes but seriously? did they think people wouldn't notice?  save yourself the money. listen to rihanna the way she was suppose to be listened to- stuido recordings. watch her music videos.  save yourself the time and effort.
0312641893|4.0|I was pretty skeptical about CINDER. The cover is neat but the blurb really didn't get me super excited to read the book. I held out for quite a while before even picking it up out of my TBR pile but I'm glad I did finally decide to read it. When reading the blurb and seeing that the main character Cinder was a Cyborg I figured that meant she was a manufactured robot but in reality it just meant that she was hurt and had metal parts put into her to save her life. Because of that people pretty much treat her like a diseased second class citizen.  Her evil stepmother has guardianship (aka ownership) of her and can treat her pretty much however she wants. She doesn't remember anything about herself or her life before her accident when she became a cyborg and was adopted by a man that died right afterwords leaving her with her stepmother and the story leads us to find out who she really is and what she is destined to do.<br /><br />Cinder was a great character to get to know. Even though she is treated like crap she goes along her daily business doing what she has to do with her head held high. While working the Prince comes to her for help fixing his android and they seem to instantly have an attraction but because of what she is she doesn't let him get close to her for a long time no matter how hard he tries. I really enjoyed Kai. He did some pretty crappy things towards the end but I think he will redeem himself in future books.<br /><br />CINDER ended up being an awesome debut novel that I hard a hard time putting down. There is a lot of emotion, There is a lot of creativity, there is a lot of mystery and suspense and Marissa did a really good job of revealing things at a great pace. I did find a few things predictable but I cant wait to see what comes next. SCARLET isn't set to release until 2013 boo ;)
B005TZFZJC|5.0|i truly enjoy rihanna.  my favorite album of her by far is rated R.  loud was ok.  but rated r i can just let play.  well being a rihanna fan and loving her music i was very excited to hear talk that talk was being released and loud wasn't being rereleased with bonus tracks like good girl gone bad.  i recieved a promotional copy of the album a month or two before it came out with bonus track included and fell in love.  if you are a rihanna fan, not just a radio fan, this is what would happen if rated r and loud had a baby.  it has the best of both albums and the deluxed version is total worth the extra few dollar unlike most \\"deluxe\\" eidtions of music.  the deluxe release contains really solid bonus tracks.  red lipstick is one of my favorite songs on the album and uses the same sample as saxon by nicki minaj which came out a few years ago.  if you do purchase the deluxe edition don't expect too many extras.  i've read a few product descriptions that says it has 2 discs...it does not.  it has one with all of the tracks on that disc.  and it is unfortunately packaged in a digi paper case which i just can't stand.  on the inside you get an extra booklet that has photos only, 2 photocards of both versions of the album artwork and the usual booklet.  be advised that this album does contain a lot of adult themes and language and that the artwork is kind of graphic so i wouldn't recomend this for anyone who isn't an adult unless it is edited.  if you like rihanna get this album. you won't be sorry.  its good from the start until the end.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|The game itself is fun and a great time suck, but I'm having compatibility issues. It works perfectly fine on my Verizon Fascinate, but freezes on the Galaxy Nexus. Specifically halfway through the first level. Hope to play this on my new phone soon.
B005H9B2CE|4.0|Started out a little slow and lagging...but then was ok.  Now we know there is going to be another one...
B004GNFSO0|4.0|A gripping tale and true page turner hard to put down. The author is a  talented wordsmith. Though I accidentally came upon this find it has been  terrific and is highly recommended.  [[ASIN:B004GNFSO0 The Long Walk: The True Story of a Trek to Freedom: Movie Tie-In]] C
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app! most used app on my iphone and my kindle. Hasn't replaced my Bible yet but it sure is nice to.be able to carry 4 different versions of the Bible on one device! I love the Bible reading plans; the deffinently help you dive into the word of God!
B000O8OTNC|4.0|I found the Smith's PP1 Pocket Pal Multifunction Sharpener to be excellent as a small compact sharpener for smaller pocket-sized knives, to include the tapered fine-grind file suitable for some of the serrated aspects of some knives.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I have needed to reconnect with the word for so long.  This app is everything I needed, the reading plans are amazing and there so many to choose from.  If you need an easy and comprehensive Bible source, this is for you.
B003OCFJ7U|5.0|If you are reading this, you're already familiar with this classic masterpiece.<br />What I didn't know before I gambled and purchased the Blu-ray version of PHENOMENA (originally titled CREEPERS), I know now and would like to share with prospective buyers:<br />Yes, this is the extended version (110 minutes)<br />Yes, it plays on my Region 1 Blu-ray player<br />Yes, the picture is magnificent.<br />If you love this film, as I do, THIS is the copy to own.<br />Enjoy.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love it, stayed up all night playing it.good game for all ages. easy to play. and cool for borm. I love it
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is an amazing game and easy to do you start with twelve games and earn up money for more! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :-)
0439023521|1.0|Bought it, read it, completely unimpressed.  This book is an unrealistic rip-off of Japanese thriller 'Battle Royale' (\\"In the future, the Japanese government captures a class of ninth-grade students and forces them to kill each other under the revolutionary \\"Battle Royale\\" act.\\" - IMDb) plopped into the setting from Scott Westerfield's \\"Uglies\\" trilogy (also disappointing).  Unlike \\"Battle Royale\\", however, Hunger Games has a plot hole so enormous it threatens to swallow you whole - while the Japanese government is taking hostage a group of about 30 children and threatening them with weapons as a means to population control, there's never a clear reason why the eventual \\"uprising\\" that is so momentous in the HG series doesn't happen right from the start. Their pathetic \\"government\\" has no real method of threatening the villagers, and no real population would be so blunderingly obedient in the face of blatant neglect.  Overall this book is horribly predictable, unoriginal, and certainly not worthy of yet another delusional teen fantasy film series a-la 'Harry Potter' and 'Twilight' . Let a good book be a good book; let bad books die. One star because the writing wasn't horrible and MUCH better than a lot of the other teen trash kids are reading these days.
0545265355|5.0|I just bought the Hunger Games trilogy for thirty dollars, and it was worth every penny. The books are hard cover and in fantastic condition. I love them and would reccomend them to anybody who enjoys a very good book. Litteraly a page turner. I read all three in litteraly three weeks, and that was trying to pace myself.
B004A8ZWW4|5.0|People's Champion, thats what I call this movie. It failed at the box office and the critics picked it apart, but the reviews here and everyone I know that has seen it, says different. I am in my fourties and I have a younger daughter. We totally enjoyed this movie. Hugh Jackman was great. They said this was a bad role for him to take on. I beg to differ. It was also nice seeing Evagiline Lilly on the big screen. Loved her in LOST. The kid was awsome too, who ever he is. All in all a great movie to kick back and watch with the family. I am sure this will do good as a DVD rental. Too bad, it wont make up for what it lost in the box office.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|always so fun ylot works perfectley on kindle fire but it erased all my games at the end it made me mad but great for my kids!!!!!
B0061S073A|4.0|it is great for our twin toddlers. we are always right beside them, but this way no in app purchases and everything they love is right in front of them. I just wish it have them access to their kidbooks too.
B005K17RU0|4.0|a lot of features and nice graphics. I wish there was a an option that would allow for more obvious alerted during severe weather. something similar to a weather radio.
0880796863|5.0|I just received it and it looks great. I am not a professional tarot user nor do I know what the originals look like. They are well made. The 1971 USGAMES logo on the lower right corner is very, very small. It is a lot smaller than people writing their reviews make it out to be. It barely noticeable unless you are trying to notice it. I thought it would be larger but it's not. The cards are bigger than I expected and I like it. They are larger than regular playing cards. Overall, it think it looks great and I am excited to start learning.
1451627289|5.0|This is one of Stephen kings best novels. I started it and could not put it down.The twists and turns keep you geussing and the twist at the end.. well you need to read it to find out.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|This is the first television series I've seen that feels like a theatrical movie rather than another jittery, overly busy, manipulative made-for-TV video series, with frequently good acting wasted on formulaic, or non-existent, plots (the \\"criminal minds\\" of the series by that title are the writers) relying upon sensation, violence, and cheap digital effects to hook and maintain the viewer's interest. Moreover, the characters in \\"Mad Men\\" are not cardboard stereotypes but multidimensional and complex.  But perhaps not as much as they would like to think.  Women viewers need not feel guilty about watching \\"Mad Men\\" on the basis of the following features designed to attract a large female audience: the compelling if not magnetic quality of the flawed but strong and reassuringly handsome lead, John Hamm, who plays ultra-cool ad man Don Draper (he's got the right charisma to anchor an entire James Bond movie series); the representation of women in the 1960's, a period that requires a woman to be at once a \\"toy doll,\\" a \\"perfect housewife,\\" and of course, an unquestionably competent secretary, who has nothing but time on her hands to perform her duties with unfailing mechanical precision, always ready with the proper smile or facial expression at the proper time (or risk being fired, and without the ceremony offered incompetent male employees).<br /><br />Needless to say, the women who \\"succeed\\" are those who are, by the unspoken requirements of their subordinate position, academy-award winning actresses, capable of either a. landing a man who is a paid ticket to a suburban castle with charming children (and servants to smooth out life's ruffles) or b. miraculously carving out a place where they are recognized for their actual abilities, talents and individual potential.  The slights inflicted upon women on a continual basis are subtle and cumulative.  Like the series itself, the duplicity required of women to succeed, or simply to survive, in the work place becomes manifest gradually, requiring the viewer to pay close attention to the smallest details of dialogue and \\"mis en scene\\" (by contrast, most television series make NO demands of their viewers because there's \\"nothing to look at\\": in the overwhelming majority of television dramas the moving camera and shock editing is relentless, continually loud and intrusive of the home spectator's viewing space: in television, it seems, \\"overstatement\\" rules, giving the viewer no room for choice let alone interpretation. The medium behaves as though its only mission is, as quickly and as surely as possible, to \\"captivate\\" a witless audience that will think and feel as the camera and sound-track dictate.  \\"Mad Man\\" is, by contrast, an imitation of a far more recognizable life, one offering inscrutable, even dangerous \\"games\\" to every individual who's in the job market, desperate for a good job with benefits and opportunities for advancement but damned if he allows the urgency to show.  Moreover, the series is undeniably, from its first smoke-filled shots, a \\"period piece\\" that represents the '60s as some of us will certainly (if reluctantly) remember those years.  But it's more than a disturbing view of the past: it's a critique of the unexamined life and, necessarily, of the life of commercial television in the present age of \\"late\\"-capitalism, when even the most under-educated viewers are becoming increasingly aware of the unbreachable divide between the haves and the have-nots, between those who exploit and profit from the desires of the American consumer and those suddenly made aware of the high cost of the American Dream and its increasing distance from the vast majority.<br /><br />You may need to pick up the series for rescreening if, to select a chapter at random, you missed the following in Episode 7, \\"Red in the Face\\":  The subtle collusion between Don and the elevator operator to assure the unforgettable climax of Roger's humiliation.  Notice Don's brief business with him bothbefore and after the oysterfest, and notice the expressions on Roger's and Don's faces at the end of the episode.  Besides such details, consider the overaching design of the episode.  The theme is male predators, survival of the fittest, and misplaced hubris.  Roger will hit on Betty Draper, and the pathetic Pete will do the same with the store clerk who refuses to refund in cash his returned chip and dip.  Both come up empty-handed, though both try to sustain their moment of heroism.  Pete's sitting Peggy down on a couch to hear his story of gutting a rabbit and eating it in view of the fair damsel is parallell with Roger's stories to the overly appreciative (in Don's double-standard view)  Betty.  Then we have the chivalric subtheme of Betsy playing the fair princess to the unlikely 8-year-old knight whose mother's negligence leads to his coveting a lock of Betty's golden hair.  It's a rare moment when Betty is both the object of adoration and an empathetic mother who reaches out (which she can't do with her own family).  But just as Don blames her for Roger's bad behavior, the suddenly possessive mother of the wandering knight takes offense at Betty's gift.  As usual, she's sent back to the psychiatrist, though the planting of the rifle as Pete's new toy will take its rightful place in the story when Betsy takes a gun to the neighbor's pidgeons.  It's a moment of rage that is long overdue.<br /><br />Along with the examination of the pressure-cooker capitalism, the series is especially concerned with the roles demanded of (and therefore \\"played by\\") women.  The seeds are being planted throughout the entire first season, but the fully realized force of the objectification and belittlement of women (nothing so obvious as \\"harassment\\") will culminate in a chilling, unforgettable and appropriately titled episode, \\"A Night to Remember,\\" in the 2nd season (episode 8 from the 2008 season). The episode is a cinematic tour deforce, thus far the most ambitious chapter in a series that seems to be reinventing itself as it goes along, always improving. This particular segment is like vintage Robert Altman in its cross-cutting among the three women who have received the most attention. The time, historically, is the days immediately following news of Marilyn Monroe's suicide, and each of the three women--Joan, the queen-secretary who is herself a combination of keen intelligence in an hour-glass figure; Betty, the manipulated, blonde showgirl/perfect housewife/showcase trophy of Don Draper; Peggy, the innocent \\"country girl\\" who has wised-up sufficiently to the ways of men to play their game, attaining power to make decisions that will influence consumers throughout the nation--each of the three will receive potentially shattering epiphanies, showing them the emptiness of their programmed existences in a male-run world that expects of them only compliance along with adoration beyond any they themselves might receive for their physical attributes.  The realizations of all three occur in a breath-taking \\"tour de force\\" of characterization. The potent mix of minimalist but thoughtful script-writing, artful directing, and \\"parallel\\" editing allows the viewer to receive the full force of three separate \\"actions\\" (actually, internal \\"epiphanies\\") occurring simultaneously.<br /><br />The series is uncomfortably faithful to the period, not only in its portrayal of male-female relationships in and outside the workplace but in the continuous gauzy veil of smoke thrown off by chain-smoking characters along with the ubiquitous portable bars in the offices of hard-drinking executives (just a few examples of the irony of the ad squad coming under the influence of its own subliminal messages).  Most of the action is internal yet highly appealing to the eye, taking place in an office space that seems both capacious and capable of showing the viewer surprises and new discoveries with each episode. The colors are richly saturated--crisp and vibrant technicolor (not the faded, irridescent reds, blues, and greens that would replace them beginning in the late '60s and continuing throughout the 1970s), with a brightly lit, crystal clear, sharp resolution and a camera lens with revealing \\"depth of field\\" that takes full advantage of the big flat, high definition screens that have begun to dominate domestic space in just the past 5-6 years of the new millennium; the camera work--with striking angles but steady shots of sufficient duration to allow the spectator to see each crucial detail--has the professional sheen of a bonafide \\"auteur\\" such as the admired 1950s \\"Hollywood\\" director, Douglas Sirk.<br /><br />Frankly, I had all but \\"given up\\" on television--except for the talking heads on MSNBC and the mindless reality shows like \\"Pawn Stars\\" and \\"American Pickers.\\"  Most of what passes for television drama is manipulative and \\"busy\\" to a degree that the viewer is placed in the paradoxical position of having nothing to look at.  Viewers are denied the \\"freedom to see\\" on their ever larger, higher definition screens.  Everything of importance to the sponsors and filmmakers is magnified or grossly overstated, then thrown in the spectator's face by the hyperactive videocam and \\"shock\\" editing. But this series, sponsored appropriately enough by American Movie Classics, is the most refreshing, ground-breaking television drama since \\"All in the Family.\\" We should all hope that it represents a new beginning rather than an anomaly, unique and distinguished as it is.a series that seems to be reinventing itself as it goes along, always improving. This particular segment is like vintage Robert Altman in its cross-cutting among the three women who have received the most attention. The time, historically, is the days immediately following news of Marilyn Monroe's suicide, and each of the three women--Joan, the queen-secretary who is herself a combination of keen intelligence in an hour-glass figure; Betty, the manipulated, blonde showgirl/perfect housewife/showcase trophy of Don Draper; Peggy, the innocent \\"country girl\\" who has wised-up sufficiently to the ways of men to play their game, attaining power to make decisions that will influence consumers throughout the nation--each of the three will receive potentially shattering epiphanies, showing them the emptiness of their programmed existences in a male-run world that expects of them only compliance along with adoration beyond any they themselves might receive for their physical attributes.  The realizations of all three occur in a breath-taking \\"tour de force\\" of characterization. The potent mix of minimalist but thoughtful script-writing, artful directing, and \\"parallel\\" editing allows the viewer to receive the full force of three separate \\"actions\\" (actually, internal \\"epiphanies\\") occurring simultaneously.<br /><br />The series is uncomfortably faithful to the period, not only in its portrayal of male-female relationships in and outside the workplace but in the continuous gauzy veil of smoke thrown off by chain-smoking characters along with the ubiquitous portable bars in the offices of hard-drinking executives (just a few examples of the irony of the ad squad coming under the influence of its own subliminal messages).  Most of the action is internal yet highly appealing to the eye, taking place in an office space that seems both capacious and capable of showing the viewer surprises and new discoveries with each episode. The colors are richly saturated--crisp and vibrant technicolor (not the faded, irridescent reds, blues, and greens that would replace them beginning in the late '60s and continuing throughout the 1970s), with a brightly lit, crystal clear, sharp resolution and a camera lens with revealing \\"depth of field\\" that takes full advantage of the big flat, high definition screens that have begun to dominate domestic space in just the past 5-6 years of the new millennium; the camera work--with striking angles but steady shots of sufficient duration to allow the spectator to see each crucial detail--has the professional sheen of a bonafide \\"auteur\\" such as the admired 1950s \\"Hollywood\\" director, Douglas Sirk.<br /><br />Frankly, I had all but \\"given up\\" on television--except for the talking heads on MSNBC and the mindless reality shows like \\"Pawn Stars\\" and \\"American Pickers.\\"  Most of what passes for television drama is manipulative and \\"busy\\" to a degree that the viewer is placed in the paradoxical position of having nothing to look at.  Viewers are denied the \\"freedom to see\\" on their ever larger, higher definition screens.  Everything of importance to the sponsors and filmmakers is magnified or grossly overstated, then thrown in the spectator's face by the hyperactive videocam and \\"shock\\" editing. But this series, sponsored appropriately enough by American Movie Classics, is the most refreshing, ground-breaking television drama since \\"All in the Family.\\" We should all hope that it represents a new beginning rather than an anomaly, unique and distinguished as it is.
B0068TL23G|5.0|I though that this game was verry fun. l had a fun time playing. I think that this game would be good for oder kids.
B001GCUER0|5.0|This is the first television series I've seen that feels like a theatrical movie rather than another jittery, overly busy, manipulative made-for TV video, with frequently good acting wasted on formulaic, or non-existent plots relying upon sensation, violence, and cheap digital effects to hook and maintain the viewer's interest.  Moreover, the characters are not cardboard stereotypes but multidimensional and complex.  Women viewers need not feel guilty about watching it on the basis of qualities that will undeniably attract a large female audience: the compelling if not magnetic quality of the flawed but strong and reassuringly attractive lead, John Hamm, who plays the ultra-cool ad man Don Draper (he's got the right charisma to anchor an entire James Bond movie series); the representation of women in the 1960's, a period that requires a woman to be at once a \\"toy doll,\\" a \\"perfect housewife,\\" and of course an absolutely competent secretary, who has nothing but time on her hands to perform her duties with mechanical precision, never failing with the proper smile or facial expression at the proper time.<br /><br />The primary subject of Season Two continues to be Madison Avenue and the ruthless world of selling and buying.  The game of \\"programming\\" consumers to consume intensifies, with the spoils going to the winner (who now faces the challenge of not being consumed by his own success).  But the stakes are now higher, deepened and made more complex by company mergers and staff turn-overs.  And while \\"age-ism\\" becomes the source of character biases and motivation, the series continues to focus most heavily on one exploited group. While people of every race, religion, and status are subject to failure in the ruthlessly competitive, Darwinian struggle, the series suggests (and increasingly less subtlely) that if one group has suffered the most unfairness--to the point of being excluded from the free-enterprise game itself--it's women. By the 1980s, the protests concerning injustices suffered by women were too loud and frequent to be ignored, especially in the academic world. But \\"Mad Men\\" probes deeper, exposing the very sources of unrest among women in the 1960s--not on college campuses but in the more \\"mature\\" world of Madison Avenue professionals. Without resorting to propaganda or sensationalism, the series makes it possible for any attentive viewer, whether female or male, to experience a startling wake-up call, a revelation made all the more powerful by the filmmakers' artistry, which allows viewers to make the discovery for themselves, or to \\"construct\\" an interpretation that consequently becomes the viewer's own understanding rather than a didactic finger-pointing lesson (the approach of the majority of shows that continually scapegoat child-molesters, internet child predators, sexual deviants, serial killers, drug lords and other \\"safe\\" objects of blame).<br /><br />This theme of the objectification and belittlement of women (nothing so obvious as \\"harassment\\") culminates in a chilling episode, appropriately titled \\"A Night to Remember\\"--episode 8 from the 2nd season (2008), The episode is a cinematic tour deforce, thus far the most ambitious chapter in a series that seems to be reinventing itself as it goes along, always improving. This particular segment is like vintage Robert Altman in its cross-cutting among the three women who have received the most attention. The time, historically, is the days immediately following news of Marilyn Monroe's suicide, and each of the three women--Joan, the queen-secretary who is herself a combination of keen intelligence in an hour-glass figure; Betty, the manipulated, blonde showgirl/perfect housewife/showcase trophy of Don Draper; Peggy, the innocent \\"country girl\\" who has wised-up sufficiently to the ways of men to play their game, attaining power to make decisions that will influence consumers throughout the nation--each of the three will receive potentially shattering epiphanies, showing them the emptiness of their programmed existences in a male-run world that expects of them only compliance along with adoration beyond any they themselves might receive for their physical attributes. The realizations of all three occur in a breath-taking \\"tour de force\\" of characterization. The potent mix of minimalist but thoughtful script-writing, artful directing, and \\"parallel\\" editing allows the viewer to receive the full force of three separate \\"actions\\" (actually, internal \\"epiphanies\\") occurring simultaneously.<br /><br />Needless to say, the women who \\"succeed\\" are those who are, by definition, academy-award winning actresses, either landing a man who is a paid ticket to a suburban castle with earning children (and servants to help out) or, miraculously, carving out a place where they are recognized for their actual abilities, talents and potential.<br /><br />Episode 8 of the 2nd season (2008) is, thus far, the most ambitious single episode of a series that seems to be reinventing itself as it goes along, always improving.  This particular episode is like vintage Robert Altman in its cross-cutting between the three women who have received most of the viewer's attention.  The time, historically, is the days immediately following news of Marilyn Monroe's suicide, and each of the three woman--Joan, the queen-secretary who is keen intelligence in an hour-glass figure; Betty, the manipulated, blonde showgirl/perfect housewife/trophy of Don Draper; Peggy, the innocent \\"country girl\\" who has wised-up sufficiently to the ways of men to be omitted to some of their decisions that will influence consumers throughout the nation--each of the three will receive potentially shattering epiphanies, showing them the emptiness of their programmed existences in a male-run world that expects of them only compliance along with adoration beyond any they themselves might receive.  The impact at this point is least felt by Joan but numerous subtleties expose her gradual awakening; Peggy's comes as a result of the hypocritical, self-serving actions of her Parish Priest, who doesn't even know how to play the man's game that she has by now mastered; Betty's is the most disturbing of all--to her as well as the viewer.  She is at this moment no less than Nora Krogstad from Ibsen's \\"A Doll's House.\\" She has been shattered by the discovery of Don's philandering, his lies, his use of her as a means to his own career ends.  At first we see the life literally drained from her former color, a ghostly apparition about to follow Marilyn Monroe to a similar dark place.  But then the sight of a particular television ad and actor triggers her dramatic action: she calls her husband Don at work and, in a reversal of Nora's slamming the door of her \\"doll house,\\" tells Don never to come home.  She no longer has any use for this stranger.<br /><br />Most of the above occurs in a mere five minutes--a tour de force of characterization through script-writing, directing and \\"parallel editing\\" (cross-cuts).  It's only the last 20-30 seconds of the episode that become a bit didactic, or over-done, as the Priest's picking up a guitar and singing a song about salvation, felt by the viewers as his release from his own sexual frustrations, dominates the soundtrack, segueing into a \\"production number\\" as the episode fades to black.<br /><br />The series represents the early '60s with stunning verisimilitude, not only in its portrayal of male-female relationships in and outside the workplace but in the continuous gauzy veil of smoke thrown off by the chain-smoking characters along with the ubiquitous portable bar in the office of each hard-drinking executive.  Most of the \\"action\\" is internal yet riveting, occurring on a large office stage that seems both capacious and capable of showing the viewer surprises and new discoveries with each episode.  The colors are richly saturated--a technicolor effect representative of movies of the day (not the faded, irridescentreds, blues, and greens that would replace the slower technicolor process beginning in the late '60s with \\"Easy Rider\\" and continuing throughout the 1970s), the resolution has a sharpness that will score heavily with big screen viewers at home; the camera work--striking angles but a steady camera with shots of sufficient duration to allow the spectator to see each crucial detail--has the professional quality of a bonafide filmmaker \\"auteur\\" such as Douglas Sirk.<br /><br />I had given up on television--turning for relief to the talking heads on MSNBC or mindless reality shows like \\"Pawn Stars\\" and \\"American Pickers.\\"  But this series, sponsored appropriately enough by the American Movie Classics channel, is the most refreshing television drama since \\"All in the Family.\\" We should all hope that it represents a new beginning rather than an anomaly, as unique and distinguished as it is.the hypocritical, self-serving actions of her Parish Priest, who doesn't even know how to play the man's game that she has by now mastered; Betty's is the most disturbing of all--to her as well as the viewer.  She is at this moment no less than Nora Krogstad from Ibsen's \\"A Doll's House.\\" She has been shattered by the discovery of Don's philandering, his lies, his use of her as a means to his own career ends.  At first we see the life literally drained from her former color, a ghostly apparition about to follow Marilyn Monroe to a similar dark place.  But then the sight of a particular television ad and actor triggers her dramatic action: she calls her husband Don at work and, in a reversal of Nora's slamming the door of her \\"doll house,\\" tells Don never to come home.  She no longer has any use for this stranger.  Most of the above occurs in a mere five minutes--a tour de force of characterization through script-writing, directing and \\"parallel editing\\" (cross-cuts).  It's only the last 20-30 seconds of the episode that become a bit didactic, or over-done, as the Priest's picking up a guitar and singing a song about salvation, felt by the viewers as his release from his own sexual frustrations, dominates the soundtrack, segueing into a \\"production number\\" as the episode fades to black.  The series represents the early '60s with stunning verisimilitude, not only in its portrayal of male-female relationships in and outside the workplace but in the continuous gauzy veil of smoke thrown off by the chain-smoking characters along with the ubiquitous portable bar in the office of each hard-drinking executive.  Most of the \\"action\\" is internal yet riveting, occurring on a large office stage that seems both capacious and capable of showing the viewer surprises and new discoveries with each episode.  The colors are richly saturated--a technicolor effect representative of movies of the day (not the faded, irridescent reds, blues, and greens that would replace the slower technicolor process beginning in the late '60s with \\"Easy Rider\\" and continuing throughout the 1970s), the resolution has a sharpness that will score heavily with big screen viewers at home; the camera work--striking angles but a steady camera with shots of sufficient duration to allow the spectator to see each crucial detail--has the professional quality of a bonafide filmmaker \\"auteur\\" such as Douglas Sirk.  I had given up on television--turning for relief to the talking heads on MSNBC or mindless reality shows like \\"Pawn Stars\\" and \\"American Pickers.\\"  But this series, sponsored appropriately enough by the American Movie Classics channel, is the most refreshing television drama since \\"All in the Family.\\" We should all hope that it represents a new beginning rather than an anomaly, as unique and distinguished as it is.
0694003611|5.0|I personally didn't care much for the book when I received it as a gift fom my 1 year old. However, this book became his absolute favorite from day one! He loved to point at pictures (cats, ballons, moon, etc) and LOVES (to my great surprise) black and white drawings. For the past 8-9 months we've been reading this book daily, at least 5 times before he goes to bed, and sometimes just because. He LOVES the moon and stars, always points to them if we are reading something else, or if there is one to be seen from the window. \\"Moon\\" was one of his first words!
B004X6PRO6|5.0|It would be hard to describe this book without giving away much of it's impact. I would call it depressing if it's message wasn't so powerful. I have no idea how much of it is based on truth and how much is strictly fiction, but I hope it's the latter because I can't imagine people having to live in a world like Jun Do's. He is a wonderful character and I had a hard time drawing myself out of his life after I finished this book and tried get involved in another one. I think this is a story that will disturb your thoughts long after the last page.
B000E1ZBH2|5.0|I love this movie. It is my favorite.  I watch this movie a least once a week.  It's an excellent movie. Classic love story.
B0069GRIHW|4.0|I was really looking forward to yet another release (40th Anniversary) of LA Woman, especially because the \\"Advance\\" Record Store Day Single box set from last November was so tasty and nice (yes, and expensive, forgot to mention that). So what happened here? While RHINO normally does fantastic packaging, this one doesn't have *ANY* info beyond the very basic tracklisting on the back cover. No essays, no booklet with pictures, no recording dates, no nothing. Of course, it doesn't have the packaging gimmick with the \\"window\\" cover either. Either Ray and the boys were trying to save money (to make it available as cheap as possible for the new young fans, which they did!) or Ray and the boys made an \\"artistic\\" minimalist decision perhaps. I don't know which one it is, all I know is that I was thinking there is zero of interest with this release, apart from the great music of course. I like  the mix, very clear and transparent, feels like I'm listening to it for the first time. Perhaps I need to wait a few years until the next re-release (isn't there at least one every 5 years or so) and DMC (Door Music Corp) may release a (adjusted for inflation) $200 boxset with perfect packaging and 8 versions of each song on 5 or 6 DVD's perhaps? I guess I'll have to stay stay tuned into the Doors saga.
B005I6EVUG|5.0|This was a great cover for my new Kindle Fire I received at Christmas. I wanted to get a cover to protect it from scratching, dust and anything else that might come along. I wanted a cover that was stylish, a good color and durable. When inserting the Kindle Fire inside, you have to really stretch the corners that hug the Kindle. The only suggestion I would have is if the Kindle manufacturers would place the speakers in from the corners a little more so that the stretch corners do not get in the way and muffle the speaker operation. Other than that, this was a great purchase and would highly recommend it if you are considering it.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|I got hooked on the free Chrome app version of this game.  The Android game is much more fun and is totally worth the price.  Works great on my HTC Rezound.  Only downside is that it will absolutely decimate your battery, but this is true of other games.
B000HEWEJO|5.0|Everything about this order was perfect...items were exactly as described/shown & the order arrived quickly! Could not ask for more!
0316286850|5.0|A fantastic book for an aspiring stage makeup artist. This volume breaks down the components needed to make someone's face into someone else's face. A very hands on book, telling you even the brushstrokes necessary to change ones eyebrow looks.
B0068TL23G|5.0|Awesome, addicting, challenging game. I can't put is down. The only confusing thing is that i often can't see the line what i draw.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|pepole who give it one star  cuz it wont install it is just not compatble with their divice pepole work hard to make this game and it makes the game look bad. Over all I think this is a grate game fun for days and days to go by is worth the 3 $
B0068TL23G|5.0|Good user interface and I like the \\"star\\" rating system and \\"unlocks\\" that games are using these days.<br /><br />I had no problem finding my way around the game, replaying a level, or advancing to the next.  For those that think the navigation sucks: maybe it's your eyesight.  :p
B000N4SHOE|5.0|Miss Potter is the endearing movie about the author of the Peter Rabbit series.  This was a world we could only hope to visit, thru the magic of movies.  Beautiful scenery, decency, hope, enduring love, struggles, determination.  It's all there.  Take the time, and watch it.  I guarantee you will watch it again, and again.  If ONLY we had more movies like this one!!!!  However, let me warn you.........If you like horrible movies, evil people, and the ugly seamy side of life, you had better pass on this one.  Because it is uplifting.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|game is fun has a lot of different and fun games it is a great way to pass time and entertain kids
B0068TL23G|4.0|The game itself is pretty fun. It's not hard to complete each puzzle, but the challenge is to do it in the minimum number of moves.  Unlike some other games, each puzzle is short, so trying multiple attempts to get a perfect score is actually fun-- not frustrating.  Unfortunately, the UI is poor.  The undo button is a tiny button in the lower left corner--very hard to click on. And you need to click on it a lot because drawing the lines with your finger is a little clumsy. There are also minor annoyances like replaying a puzzle deletes your old score (it should retain your best score to date), etc.  I would have given 3 stars due to the UI, but the puzzle designs themselves are well done (e.g. variety)
B0069GRIHW|5.0|This, to me, is the best Doors album for one reason: Jerry Scheff's bass playing. Scheff was a major session player at that time and his other main gig was playing for Elvis, both in the studio and on tour. What would \\"Riders on the Storm\\", \\"LA Woman\\" and all the others be without that major Fender bass work?  Mercy, he was good on this one, and brings the musicality on this disc to another level.
B0068TL23G|3.0|I got this as the free app of the day, this is a puzzle game that you have to connect the dot in the shortest distance possible. It works fine on the kindle fire, the controls work okay. Worth a try as free app of the day but I wouldn't buy, I found that it got repetitive fast.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is a fun free game where you can earn multiple games and awards. the games are good quality. I recommend it for all ages
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good. very good. I'm proud to have this game on my kindle. its amazing. oh yea. Mhm. indubitably. oh yes.
B0068TL23G|3.0|Okay game but just under 4 meg with no option to move to the SD card.  Space is limited so uninstalled.
B004YXE438|5.0|I love jigsaw puzzles and was actually trying to find a good jigsaw game to play on my Kindle Fire when I found this.  I figured I would give it a try after checking the reviews - thank you to all who gave such helpful reviews but now I can't seem to put it down!  I like games that make me think and the pictures are really pretty, too.  Can't wait to try some of my own!  Nice job developers!
B001FB4W0C|3.0|I opened this product and the discs seem to be in great condition but the case is falling apart! The places the discs are held are completely broken from the actual case! It was pretty irritating because I spent about $25 on it. Other than that good condition. I love Supernatural and am just happy to have them.
B000UBMWG4|5.0|My favorite movie of all time!  I bought The Final Cut on DVD but when I saw this on sale on Amazon, I had to get it. I first saw this movie with my father when I was 8 years old and was mesmerized by the visuals and story. Ridley Scott is a genius and visionary. I couldn't tell you how thrilled I was when I finally saw it on hi-definition. My jaw just dropped with every detail and sound. The blu-ray set had all versions of the movie.  I liked the voice-over version because it gave some insight from Deckard's perspective.  Overall, I was pleased with the movie and would recommend it to all aficionados.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it has good games and they are easy to play and understand. I love playing the games. everyone should download this
B004JZBGWI|5.0|This app is great and I recommend it anyone that love note taking, and you can lock your information from others eyes.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|these games are just so much fun and keep you wanting to play more and more and more....i love it! hell yess
B004LROMQG|5.0|Merlin is a great series full of magic and action packed episodes that follow the boy Merlin as he serves Prince Arthur. The 3rd season is pretty epic because Morgana's schemes finally come full throttle. The series is quite a bit off of Arthurian Legend but is good nevertheless, if you enter it with an open mind you definitely won't be disappointed! Love it!
1594744769|5.0|It took a little bit to get into this book and I am not sure that I would have read it had it not been a book club pick, however, I really enjoyed it. It is easy to get invested in the characters. The Author does not hid any of the characters flaws. There is a believability issue but it was easy for me to get over since I love science fiction, magic and general weirdness.If you like historical fictions and mysteries this is a great book!
B0014WSWTY|5.0|I've heard many recordings of Beethoven's symphonies from Arturo Toscanini and the NBC Symphony Orchestra on 78rpm records to some of the best known conductors and orchestras performing today.  Most orchestras these days have 50, 60 or more members of the string section in order to create the volume they need for concert and recording balance.  They seem mostly interested in knocking the walls down with Beethoven's stirring music.  With large string sections it is utterly impossible to get precision as they will all hit their strings microseconds apart resulting in a fuzziness that we have come to accept with large and loud orchestras.  With Anima Eterna under the direction of Jos van Immerseel we get to hear an average of 40 total, highly accomplished, musicians playing on the instruments that were used in the early nineteenth century, in other words, the instruments that Beethoven heard and composed for through the eighth symphony.  It wasn't until he created the ninth, twelve years afterward, in 1824, that he had to work from the sound in his head due to his total deafness.  Thus, with these recordings we get the treat of crisp, sharp sounds on period instruments and the only word for that is authentic.  I loved every minute of these recordings and if you would rather hear what Beethoven wrote instead of just annoying your neighbors by rattling their windows, this is the set for you.  It also includes several of his overtures.  Enjoy!
B004MC8CA2|4.0|Got this app to use on the go but I use it a lot at home too!  Only downside is having to have a wi-fi connection, but I have used this more than my regular Bible in the month I have had it.  I would definitely recommend it.
B0068TL23G|5.0|awesome game starts with something basic then gets harder I denfinatly give this game a 5 get this app as soon as possible
B0000CEB4V|5.0|Just look at the astounding number of 5-star ratings for this DVD. You won't find anything else with this extraordinary rating on Amazon. Anything less was either a mistake or the rare village idiot. My favorite moments:  - Clapton's solos on 'While My Guitar' are incredible  - McCartney's sensitive performances  - Billy Preston's capture of George's soul on 'Isn't It A Pity'  - The Indian songs can take you on a journey
B002ZG98LO|5.0|The planet the hunted were on was very realistic, the weapons  were like very few have seen in real life, very outstanding  movie.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Am so thankful to have found this app! It is wonderful and such a blessing....and FREE! What more could you ask for? Praise Him!
B005Y423ZC|5.0|Brilliant.. This is a must for Adele fans, DVD and CD of a fb concert. Beware there is swearing for under 13s....
B0068TL23G|4.0|Great toilet game. My legs went numb because I needed to finish just one more...  Overall a fun and challenging puzzler. Ran great on my HTC HD2 running Gingerbread 2.3.7.
B005Z271Y6|5.0|This DVD just continues to prove the voice that is ADELE!  But it also shows the entertainer, charmer and adorable young lady!  I am convinced that Adele is an \\"old soul\\" and I would love to make her aquantaince!
B0006GVJEE|5.0|Bought the DVD - no sound on two players - one Region 1 and the other an All-Region. Tested on my neighbor's system and she got audio. Went home knowing I could go next door and watch, but not satisfied with the option. Put the movie into my Sony Blu-Ray and got sound. The Bonus disk played with sound just fine, but the movie would not - caution! Not getting sound on the movie DVD does not mean it is defective. Apparently, the digital sound system used in the movie is not picked up by all DVD players.  Update! Watched the movie - incredible! Fantastic script / acting / filming - absolutely fantastic. The sound issue is a significant problem since it would mean you are unable to view this outstanding movie. Jean Reno is amazing. Gary Oldman delivers as always - the guy you love and hate all at this same time. Natalie Portman's first film - remarkable. Whatever you do, try very, very hard to get your disk to play. You will not be disappointed.
B0068TL23G|5.0|For those whose reviews say the game is fun but too short, that's like someone who reads the first chapter of the book, and says.  \\"I liked the book but it was too short and didn't really have an ending\\"  After you complete the 16 stages of chapter 1, a small green arrow appears at the bottom, and when you click it, it says Select your chapter.  At this point you can only select stage one of chapter two, since the rest are locked.  But finish the 16 stages of chapter 2 and you get to go to chapter 3, which has one stage unlocked and 15 locked stages.  It won't let you peek ahead, so I don't know how many chapters it has, but there are more than 16 stages that people are complaining about.  It's fun, but the higher chapters, some stages only have one solution.  You really need to think & plan out your path.  Fortunately, the stages are not timed.  It is a very fun puzzle game.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|angry birds birds is fun and also angry birds season.its fast to download and it comes with an all new angry bird
B006MHWXMS|5.0|I could not be much more pleased with this app.  It does everything I require it to do and then some; as it has more than I had expected.  Thus far I have created six separate task lists on my Google calendar and each syncs quickly with this app on my Kindle Fire.  I can not speak to how this works with an Android smart phone (I use a BlackBerry).  But, if you own a Kindle Fire and use Google calendar, you will not be disappointed by purchasing this app.  It is efficiently designed and very easy to use.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Great Bible app.  I use it everyday.  So excited about it. Recommend it to anyone. wonderful resource tool. God bless.
0553801473|2.0|How could an author achieve so little with 1000 pages, it's maddening. And forgive me for this bit of a spoiler but it is frustrating when the good charachters continue to get killed off while the evil characters thrive. I do not know if I can make my way through another book.
B0063IH60K|5.0|device: Fire<br /><br />Thoroughly enjoyable, and the price is right! It is only the typical Solitaire game, with no other types that I can find. Highly recommended, and likely to become a favorite. Bet my mom will get it after she tries it. LOL!
B0057FWSQ2|4.0|Good idea to do a single-disc best-of spanning Patti's whole career.  Also tough.  What to put in?  Only got 80 minutes.  Two surprising omissions are title tracks: \\"Horses\\" and \\"Gone Again\\".  Why they're missing when room was made for covers of \\"Smells Like Teen Spirit\\" and \\"So You Wanna Be A Rock N Roll Star\\" is a mystery.  Those first two songs are Patti originals and better examples of her art.  Check them out on their own CDs.
0062082353|5.0|this book is amazing... one of the best seal books i have ever read. i can't believe people are saying this book is boring. it is very informative of what it was like for a navy seal sniper on the ground during some of the biggest battles in the past 30 years. he has done and seen things in 6 months in iraq then most seals would dream about doing in a lifetime. he is very humble in his stories and talks as if everything is just a walk in the park. every story he tells is almost surreal. you find yourself saying their is no way that is true. but then when you go google it you find out that it is in fact true.  this is a great book by a great US warrior... pick this book up if you want a book you that you can't put down !!!!!!
B0068TL23G|5.0|Cant put this game down!  Except to write this review.  Sometimes hard to maneuver the line thingies but i largely blame myself.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This has been a great blessing for my life. I love the different versions as it allows me to read from a variety. of perspectives.
0385534639|5.0|Within 48 hours of getting this book, I finished it. It's wonderful! It's magical, enchanting, romantic, exciting, light and dark, all at the same time! The decriptions are so precise, you'll feel like you're really walking around the circus. This book is an absolute MUST read for anyone who wants to escape into a fantasy. It's my new favorite book, without a doubt!
B0068TL23G|4.0|As a gameplay concept, you can't get much simpler than \\"draw a line between Point and to Point B.\\"  But it can be deceptively difficult, especially once you have four or more paths to figure out the shortest combined route without overlapping.<br /><br />There's no time limit, and a route isn't finalized until you make a path between two points, so if you screw up, simply remove your finger from the touch pad and you can redraw that path again.  (This can be helpful if your path accidentally \\"drifts\\" and becomes too long, but if you have a flighty touch screen that loses connection, it makes completing a long path a frustrating experience.)<br /><br />The first several levels serve as a \\"how to play\\" tutorial - the first stage is literally two dots right next to each other.<br /><br />One annoying thing is that there's no immediate \\"replay\\" option after each level, you jump right to the next regardless of your star rating, and have to open the level screen (via the button on the bottom right) to go back.  So perfectionists may need to manually select the previous level a lot on the higher stages.<br /><br />Definitely worth a look as the Free App of The Day, but at its usual $1.99 price point, I don't think there's enough to the game to justify the price.
B000002G23|5.0|When this box set was released it Really was Everything the band had released. Other recordings have come since, and you'll have to buy them separately. Sorry, boys and girls, but that's life in the big world. You get all the studio stuff plus some live things and B-sides. What more do you want? I would love to have the version of \\"Invisible Sun\\" that they use in the video-with the lyrics from \\"My Fair Lady\\" at the end-but I'm not gonna bemoan my fate. I'll get the DVD with the videos on it. They have a song from an Impossible-to-find (cheaply, anyway) vinyl release that their label put out titled \\"Propaganda\\" (\\"Landlord\\"). So, enjoy what you get, buy the things that aren't on it in some other form (if you can find them), and get on with it. This is a GREAT box set at a Very good price. The production of the earlier (pre-Zenyatta Mondatta) material is fantastic, too. Forget the negatives you will read of this collection, and Buy This!
B00006F1IJ|5.0|This is one of Acoustic Alchemy's greatest CD's and has lots of wonderful songs on it and I am really glad that I purchased it.
0439023513|3.0|Like the other reviewers...the last book of the Hunger Games trilogy was not the best.  I loved the first 2 books, but the last one...it just kept going and going with no end in sight.  And when it did end, I was a bit disappointed.  It wasn't the worse book I've ever read...but I expected more since the first 2 were so good.
B004FS1TLM|1.0|I was very disappointed in this CD and only liked one song on it.  I wish I had listened to it before I bought it.
B005UKJX4E|2.0|I expected to be awed by this film and maybe experience life-altering epiphanies. So disappointed. There was confusion in which son died and why until the end credits appeared. I need to be more selective in my choosing films and guided by my wish for entertainment and less dependent on critics. I found the whole evolutionary process ridiculous. When the dinosaur appeared it was laughable. Art for art's sake and pseudo reverance might be part of some filmmaking but for my viewing pleasure it is worthless.whatever the message might be, and the question of whether we go through life by nature or grace does not concern me.  Gail S.
B006WPSQVC|5.0|Enjoyed this family oriented film, definitely carries a good message in this one. It probably is not for everybody since it does lean towards religion and all, but a little religion never hurt nobody...besides there is a great message and a easy family watch. Recommended.
B004WE01YA|3.0|I missed the recent re-release of \\"The Lion King\\" in 3-D. So, I made a concerted effort to catch \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" for it's 3-D re-release. Although both films are great, I like \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" more, so I made a greater effort.<br /><br />In the late 80s, a new management team at Disney helped lead the venerable studio to a renaissance of animated films. An almost bankrupt institution, Disney found enormous financial and creative success with \\"The Little Mermaid\\", leading a string of popular animated films. \\"Beauty and the Beast\\", originally released in 1991, became the first, and so far only, animated film to be nominated for an Oscar for Best Film.<br /><br />The film is a magical blend of terrific storytelling, beautiful animation, wonderful music and great voice acting. Watching the film again, I found my foot unconsciously waving in the air during \\"Be Our Guest\\". The film is a classic<br /><br />A vain prince refuses to provide shelter and air to a haggard old woman on a stormy night. She reveals herself to be a beautiful witch and places a curse on the prince, his castle and everything inside. The prince is turned into a beast and his staff become the household objects they used in their daily chores. Beast (Robby Benson) must find true love by his 21st birthday in order to lift the spell.<br /><br />Belle (Paige O'Hara) is not like the other girls in her small French village. And this is exactly why the muscle bound Gaston (Richard White) wants her so badly. Belle's father, a scatterbrained inventor, gets lost in the woods and becomes the prisoner of the Beast. When Belle realizes this, she offers herself in exchange and what begins as a tormented relationship slowly begins to evolve.<br /><br />Miss Potts (Angela Lansbury), Cogswoth (David Ogden-Stiers) and Lumiere (Jerry Orbach), the Beast's household staff watch with hopeful eyes.<br /><br />From the opening frames, as the camera moves in on Beast's castle, the 3-D is beautiful, bringing the landscapes to life, giving them new beauty. In fact, the 3-D works best on the landscapes.<br /><br />The process is more problematic for the characters. As you watch Belle or Beast move around, it almost seems like the focus of the 3-D effect is moving, as though the filmmakers added a bubble and moved it around to create the effect.<br /><br />This actually began to make my eyes water and get tired very quickly. Pretty soon, I stopped trying to pay attention to the 3-D, to give my eyes some relief, and tried to enjoy the movie. It was difficult, but not impossible.<br /><br />Because \\"Beauty and the Beast\\", and so many of the other films being re-released soon were not originally made in 3-D, it seems they will experience a similar fate. The process will work sometimes, but not consistently.<br /><br />So, the question becomes \\"Is it worth paying $15 plus to see a film in theaters that is already available on DVD?\\" This depends on the film. I feel my money was well spent.<br /><br />But next time, I'll go to a 2-D screening so I can experience the classic on the big screen again.orks best on the landscapes.  The process is more problematic for the characters. As you watch Belle or Beast move around, it almost seems like the focus of the 3-D effect is moving, as though the filmmakers added a bubble and moved it around to create the effect.  This actually began to make my eyes water and get tired very quickly. Pretty soon, I stopped trying to pay attention to the 3-D, to give my eyes some relief, and tried to enjoy the movie. It was difficult, but not impossible.  Because \\"Beauty and the Beast\\", and so many of the other films being re-released soon were not originally made in 3-D, it seems they will experience a similar fate. The process will work sometimes, but not consistently.  So, the question becomes \\"Is it worth paying $15 plus to see a film in theaters that is already available on DVD?\\" This depends on the film. I feel my money was well spent.  But next time, I'll go to a 2-D screening so I can experience the classic on the big screen again.
B006DJ2JSI|5.0|I just got this app like 5 minutes ago... and I'm doing my homework, which is spelling... and it is very helpful, it was free, which was great and it was overall an amazing app. Two thumbs up!
B005LAIGLE|3.0|\\"Contraband\\" presents a small conundrum. On the one hand, just about any new film released in the first few weeks of January is a film the studio has little or no confidence in. They are simply too busy concentrating their efforts on promoting their Award hopefuls. January is a dumping ground and they play films hoping to make some money and earn some promotion for the future DVD and download release. That's why the month is typically filled with horror films (\\"The Devil Inside\\") and bad action films (\\"Underworld\\"). While \\"Contraband\\" would seem to fit this theory, it has a pretty respectable cast. Mark Wahlberg, Giovanni Ribisi, Ben Foster, Lukas Haas and J.K. Simmons populate this incredibly predictable action programmer. Ultimately, it isn't as bad as you might expect because the cast is much better than the material.<br /><br />Chris Farraday (Wahlberg) and his wife, Kate (Kate Beckinsale in the first of her two films released in two weeks. Why does this woman keep working? See my reviews of \\"Pearl Harbor\\", \\"Click\\", and \\"The Aviator\\" for arguments against her further employment in Hollywood. If you need further evidence, watch \\"Van Helsing\\" and \\"Whiteout\\") are happily living in Algiers, a suburb of New Orleans. Chris, a former smuggler, now owns and runs a security company, installing alarm systems in people's homes. One night, Kate gets a call from her brother, Andy (Caleb Landry-Jones) who is in the hospital. He was smuggling drugs into the country when Customs boarded the freighter he was working on. He dumped the cargo and now Briggs (Ribisi) insists he is still owed a lot of money for the missing drugs. If Andy can't repay the money, Briggs will come after Chris, Kate and their kids. Chris decides to do one last run, to pay off the debt to Briggs, and gets his best friend, Sebastian (Ben Foster), also a former smuggler, to keep an eye on Kate and the kids. Chris arranges for Andy, Danny (Lukas Haas) and some other friends to serve as crewmembers on Captain Camp's (J.K. Simmons) freighter. Camp knows Chris and doesn't like him, so he keeps an eye on him. Next stop, Panama.<br /><br />Naturally, the plan doesn't go as Chris envisioned and there are many complications. Will they be able to get their cargo? Will they be able to get it and return to the ship in time? Will they be able to hide it from Camp's prying eyes?<br /><br />Directed by Baltazar Kormakur, who played Wahlberg's role in \\"Reykjavic - Rotterdam\\", the film \\"Contraband\\" is based on, the new film is a pleasant diversion, which exceeded my low expectations.<br /><br />There is an economy to the narrative of \\"Contraband\\" that seems to insist we leave our disbelief among the puddles of sticky soda and popcorn on the movie theater floor. As the characters move about their business, we should be clicking our tongues and shouting at the screen \\"Come on. That would never happen\\". But the filmmakers simply keep moving the story forward. Their conceit seems to say, \\"If we say it is so, then believe it.\\" And this is what most filmmakers do, they are creating the universe, they have the right. The success of the film depends on how well they make this work and how much we are willing to go along for the ride.<br /><br />Fortunately, the caliber of actors helps us make this leap a little faster.<br /><br />As soon as Chris finds out about his brother-in-law's situation, he goes to talk to Briggs, who he finds completely unreasonable and unwilling to negotiate; he wants the entire amount he is owed. There seems to be an unspoken code among the community; Briggs states Chris is responsible for Andy's debts and that seems to be law. This is one of those \\"aw, come on\\" moments. But I overlooked it and went along for the ride.<br /><br />There is a brief throwaway moment when someone says to Chris, \\"don't tell me you aren't enjoying this\\". This statement helps establish why the reformed smuggler would go to such great lengths to help Andy. He is bored playing the respectablebusinessman and needs the thrill, the adrenaline to keep going.<br /><br />Wahlberg is good, earnest and believable. He doesn't really have to try very hard because he has played this character, this role many times before.<br /><br />Giovanni Ribisi plays Briggs, a low-life criminal who lives in the Projects with his young daughter. Initially, his accent seems more than a little strange, but then you realize he is supposed to be Cajun and has adopted their dialect. What doesn't quite work is the speech pattern. He has the accent but he doesn't speak like the person he is supposed to be. Read a James Lee Burke book, watch \\"The Big Easy\\", visit New Orleans. Simply using the accent adds a layer of corniness to a performance that is already hammy and difficult to watch.<br /><br />Sebastian, Chris' best friend and confidant, is a subdued role for Ben Foster. Maybe he and Ribisi played Rock, Paper, Scissors to see who would play Briggs. Either could. Both have played similar characters in the past. Ribisi apparently lost. The most interesting thing about Sebastian is that he and Chris used to work as a team, smuggling things together. For this last job, Chris asks him to stay behind and watch Kate and the kids. Later, as his character deals with some complications, Foster maintains the character's slow burn persona. He looks like he could blow up at any moment and when he doesn't, Sebastian becomes more interesting.<br /><br />J.K. Simmons' Captain Camp enters the narrative late but he still manages to create one of the more interesting characters in the film. Camp has experience with Chris and because of this doesn't trust him and keeps a wary eye on the younger man. He also has an abnormal penchant for cleanliness, which is worked into the overall story in a unique and interesting way.<br /><br />Kate Beckinsale. If you are a devoted reader of my reviews you know I am not a fan. To say the least. Thankfully, she is not in a lot of the film. Wahlberg's character travels to Panama, taking the focus away from her. Then, a plot development ensures she has an even smaller impact on the story. Because of her limited screen time, she isn't terrible.<br /><br />When Chris begins to put his plan in motion, you quickly realize the plan will follow a pretty standard Hollywood rule that will dictate much of the narrative flow. Because of this, you know how the plan will unfold and the film becomes much less suspenseful.<br /><br />This problem, and an extremely predictable plot twist, cause \\"Contraband\\" to falter. But it doesn't falter as much as you might expect.<br /><br />Good for a bargain matinee or rental.berg is good, earnest and believable. He doesn't really have to try very hard because he has played this character, this role many times before.  Giovanni Ribisi plays Briggs, a low-life criminal who lives in the Projects with his young daughter. Initially, his accent seems more than a little strange, but then you realize he is supposed to be Cajun and has adopted their dialect. What doesn't quite work is the speech pattern. He has the accent but he doesn't speak like the person he is supposed to be. Read a James Lee Burke book, watch \\"The Big Easy\\", visit New Orleans. Simply using the accent adds a layer of corniness to a performance that is already hammy and difficult to watch.  Sebastian, Chris' best friend and confidant, is a subdued role for Ben Foster. Maybe he and Ribisi played Rock, Paper, Scissors to see who would play Briggs. Either could. Both have played similar characters in the past. Ribisi apparently lost. The most interesting thing about Sebastian is that he and Chris used to work as a team, smuggling things together. For this last job, Chris asks him to stay behind and watch Kate and the kids. Later, as his character deals with some complications, Foster maintains the character's slow burn persona. He looks like he could blow up at any moment and when he doesn't, Sebastian becomes more interesting.  J.K. Simmons' Captain Camp enters the narrative late but he still manages to create one of the more interesting characters in the film. Camp has experience with Chris and because of this doesn't trust him and keeps a wary eye on the younger man. He also has an abnormal penchant for cleanliness, which is worked into the overall story in a unique and interesting way.  Kate Beckinsale. If you are a devoted reader of my reviews you know I am not a fan. To say the least. Thankfully, she is not in a lot of the film. Wahlberg's character travels to Panama, taking the focus away from her. Then, a plot development ensures she has an even smaller impact on the story. Because of her limited screen time, she isn't terrible.  When Chris begins to put his plan in motion, you quickly realize the plan will follow a pretty standard Hollywood rule that will dictate much of the narrative flow. Because of this, you know how the plan will unfold and the film becomes much less suspenseful.  This problem, and an extremely predictable plot twist, cause \\"Contraband\\" to falter. But it doesn't falter as much as you might expect.  Good for a bargain matinee or rental.
B005BDZN62|5.0|Oh...boy this is the ultimate vesrion of West Side Story.....everyone knows what an incredible musical this is but to have it digitally re-mastered for Blu-Ray and for it to have the awesome behind the scenes featurettes and interviews with cast and crew made this edition so awesome.....This Blu-Ray is a must have.......
B0059XTUVI|3.0|This first paragraph will be filled with statements you either already know or should already know. Meryl Streep is a great actress. The plethora and diversity of the roles she has done is testament to this. And she has an uncanny, chameleon-like ability to adopt, use and make accents work for her character. Because of her ability to create such believable, indelible, interesting characters, she frequently appears in films that are not as memorable as her performance. None of this should come as news to you. And all of this is applicable to \\"The Iron Lady\\", the new biopic about Margaret Thatcher.<br /><br />Beginning in \\"Current Day\\", Thatcher (Streep) ambles down the street, oblivious to most, and wanders into a shop to buy a pint of milk. She is unrecognized, ignored and shocked by the behavior of the people in the shop. Returning home, Denis (Jim Broadbent), her husband, spreads too much butter on his toast earning a chiding remark from his wife. Then, he realizes her assistants are in a tizzy, speaking in whispered tones. Why and how did Lady Thatcher get out and wander around alone? Denis playfully chastises her. An assistant asks her is she is ready to begin sorting through Denis' old clothes, to decide what to donate to charity, which pieces to pass on, which pieces of clothing should just be thrown away. Yes, Denis is gone. She realizes she is a little confused and remembers back to World War II and the Blitz.<br /><br />Written by Abi Morgan (\\"Shame\\") and directed by Phyllida Lloyd (\\"Mamma Mia!\\"),  \\"The Iron Lady\\" suffers from the same narrative problems as the previous collaboration between the star and the director.<br /><br />Frankly, I was surprised by how much of \\"Lady\\" is set in present day. It is interesting to watch Thatcher as she deals with old age, memories haunting and confusing her. Her daughter, Carol (Olivia Colman) shows up and helps her prepare for a dinner party. As she helps her mother get dressed, the television shows a news story about a bombing in Afghanistan. This prompts a memory flash to a similar event early in her political career and helps to set-up the narrative style of the film.<br /><br />It is fascinating to watch Streep play Thatcher, especially at this stage in her life. In the first scene, as she ambles down the street, it isn't immediately obvious we are watching the former Prime Minister. She looks like any typical old woman, scarf covering her hair, stoop in her back. When we realize it is Thatcher, we immediately feel some regret, some pity. How did one of the most powerful women in history come to this?<br /><br />Streep makes Thatcher's age, mental fragility, confusion and dread a palpable thing. As she watches the story about the bombing on television, she immediately slips into Prime Minister mode and begins addressing the public. Her daughter and assistant watch with concern on their faces.<br /><br />Because the film concentrates so much time on Thatcher in her later life, the filmmakers use memories as jumping points to illustrate other parts of her life. This is hardly a modern, innovative or even an engaging method of depicting a person's life story - it's been done thousands, millions of times before - but the simplicity does allow us to concentrate on the characters and story.<br /><br />But \\"Lady\\" has two things working against it: The overdone narrative device and director Phyllida Law.<br /><br />While the narrative device is simplistic and allows us to concentrate on the characters, it is not modern in any way and makes the film seem old-fashioned. Old-fashioned is not an adjective most filmmakers would want used to describe their film. And because the subject matter is basically a senior citizen, the old-fashioned nature of the narrative only seems amplified.<br /><br />Law comes from a background of theater, opera and music videos. Her first big film \\"Mamma Mia!\\" an adaptation of the popular musical is good, but the cheap production values and penchant to use music video techniques to illustrate narrative, really bring the overall quality down. I get it. Law has experience with music videos and feels comfortable using this technique. But it doesn't mesh with the \\"musical\\" narrative of the rest of the film.<br /><br />In \\"Lady\\", Thatcher remembering back to key moments in her life and career almost creates a narrative \\"promise\\" that these flashbacks will provide us with the backstory, the narrative we need and desire to get a more complete picture of the politician's life. A flashback leads to how Margaret and Denis meet. Another flashes back to when they decide to marry. But there is nothing between the two and their marriage is portrayed as a transaction. She loses her first campaign for Parliament and Denis convinces her that a married woman would stand a better chance. If this is in fact true, it doesn't paint a very romantic picture. If it isn't, what are we supposed to pick up from this? We don't get enough details or information to fill in the gaps or make other connections. Only when we watch Margaret and Denis late in their life do we realize that they are now very much in love.<br /><br />Later, flashbacks lead to a scene of Margaret trying to make an impact in Parliament. Then, another scene shows two of her fellow Conservative Party members giving her coaching, grooming her (somewhat literally) to become the party leader and the PM. A flashback triggers a memory of an IRA attack that kills one of her advisors. Then, she is Prime Minister. Then, things aren't go going especially well. Then, she goes to war in the Falkland Islands. The war goes poorly until the British are victorious and everything turns around for Margaret and the Conservatives and they ride a wave of popularity.<br /><br />These moments seem almost secondary. If my description of the narrative seems a bit choppy, a bit like an outline, this is an accurate reflection of the film. As Thatcher becomes extremely popular, she is shown dancing with Reagan and Nelson Mandela. This is virtually the only mention of Reagan and does nothing to illustrate their relationship. In fact, the entire sequence, as Thatcher and her party enjoy their power and popularity is basically a montage, a music video, which fails to illustrate anything of value.<br /><br />At one point, Geoffrey Howe (Anthony Head) begins to appear constantly at Thatcher's side. Later, she berates him and he turns in his resignation. We don't learn what their relationship is or why this is an important development.<br /><br />The same problem plagues the character played by Richard E. Grant. At one point, someone makes a comment about Thatcher losing support and she turns and spots Michael Heseltine (Grant) looking at her suspiciously. Why are people jockeying to replace her? Who is Heseltine? Why does he want to replace the popular PM? Is she even still popular? Unfortunately, the film doesn't help us with these questions.<br /><br />Broadbent and Streep work well together and they paint a portrait of a couple who have been together a long time, remembering and laughing at all of the silly memories they share. It is a good portrait of an older couple.<br /><br />But we don't really learn how they get to this point. There is one brief scene showing Denis and Carol's amazement when Thatcher announces she is running to be Prime Minister. Initially, he seems very upset, but just as quickly seems fully supportive.<br /><br />There also seems to be a lot of animosity between Carol and her mother, but we don't really learn why this exists.<br /><br />Law seems convinced that we must know these things and this is a dangerous conceit to adopt when making a biopic. Most successful biopics concentrate on a specific period of the subject's life. By doing this, they are able to illuminate these moments and build what we hope is a memorable portrait. And most biopics are more than two hours long. \\"Iron Lady\\" runs 105 minutes and presents snippets from throughout the Prime Minister's life. Because of this, it feels like we are watching a study cheat sheet come to life. Key moments, important facts and interesting details are missing throughout.<br /><br />\\"The Iron Lady\\" features another great performance from Streep, which is not served well by a haphazard screenplay, incomplete ideas and choppy filmmaking.In fact, the entire sequence, as Thatcher and her party enjoy their power and popularity is basically a montage, a music video, which fails to illustrate anything of value.  At one point, Geoffrey Howe (Anthony Head) begins to appear constantly at Thatcher's side. Later, she berates him and he turns in his resignation. We don't learn what their relationship is or why this is an important development.  The same problem plagues the character played by Richard E. Grant. At one point, someone makes a comment about Thatcher losing support and she turns and spots Michael Heseltine (Grant) looking at her suspiciously. Why are people jockeying to replace her? Who is Heseltine? Why does he want to replace the popular PM? Is she even still popular? Unfortunately, the film doesn't help us with these questions.  Broadbent and Streep work well together and they paint a portrait of a couple who have been together a long time, remembering and laughing at all of the silly memories they share. It is a good portrait of an older couple.  But we don't really learn how they get to this point. There is one brief scene showing Denis and Carol's amazement when Thatcher announces she is running to be Prime Minister. Initially, he seems very upset, but just as quickly seems fully supportive.  There also seems to be a lot of animosity between Carol and her mother, but we don't really learn why this exists.  Law seems convinced that we must know these things and this is a dangerous conceit to adopt when making a biopic. Most successful biopics concentrate on a specific period of the subject's life. By doing this, they are able to illuminate these moments and build what we hope is a memorable portrait. And most biopics are more than two hours long. \\"Iron Lady\\" runs 105 minutes and presents snippets from throughout the Prime Minister's life. Because of this, it feels like we are watching a study cheat sheet come to life. Key moments, important facts and interesting details are missing throughout.  \\"The Iron Lady\\" features another great performance from Streep, which is not served well by a haphazard screenplay, incomplete ideas and choppy filmmaking.
B0013ND30W|5.0|Not only is this one of the greatest Animated Films of all time it is one of the greatest Blu Rays ever committed to disc. This is the only way to see the film as it was originally released in theaters. The Eyvind Earle artwork here is truly stunning!
B002G1YPH0|5.0|The included fan (just one) is fairly quiet even under mild OC.  Keeps OC'ed CPU temperature at around 65C.  Adding a 2nd fan lowered the temperature by just 3C.  The installation is straight forward and it's easy to put it together.  Pay close attention to the back plate and X-bracket orientations based on your CPU type, you should do just fine.  Can't believe something this good is just a little over $20.
B004X80QNG|1.0|I have been using Pocket Informant as my main calendar application for several years, and with several devices. The old HTC Tytn II ran on windows mobile 6.0 and had one of the worst calendar programs. When I switched to the iPhone, PI was the first application I searched for, I still use it on my iPhone 4. WebIS engineers made a huge mistake, they assumed that the Kindle Fire would have a native calendar program (on android devices PI uses the native Google Sync for the calendar). After I purchased my Kindle Fire, I wanted a good calendar and task application. I turned once again to WebIS and Pocket Informant, only to find out that they NEVER tested their app on a Kindle Fire. There is no way to sync to Google Calendar on the Fire. The device has been available for several months. WebIS doesn't seem to interested in fixing this issue. I wouldn't recommend this application at all. Find another one, any one. They've had time, they are not interested in creating a Google Sync for the Kindle Fire. I'd give my money to another company.
B004EBUXSA|5.0|The i7 2600K is the obvious performance and value champ since the invention of CPU.  Its performance rivals high-end Intel CPUs that are sold at $600 or above, yet it's sold at around $300.  It may also be the best CPU in terms of its performance / power usage ratio.  Easy to overclock and very stable.  Very happy with the purchase.
B005HSG3VK|4.0|I ordered this to protect my kindle fire that my sweet husband purchase for me for Christmas.  The cover is a good one, and does an excellent job of protecting.  By accident a few days ago, I dropped the kindle from my bed ( it's really high) to the carpeted floor, and the kindle was fine!  That proves the need for this product!
B0052U59F4|5.0|I dont know why people rate 1 star for this book, they are either no romance in their bone or just a pure A S S!
B005ONTD42|5.0|I orded this product as a gift for a 6th grader and upon receiving it, I wanted to charge it and download the games so I can show how it works after the gift is opened.  I'm not going to wrap it.<br /><br />Who would have known I would have so much fun with a remote controlled device.  The technology in this thing is amazing.  I downloaded three apps from itunes - Sphero, Drive and Draw and Drive and subsequently paired it fairly easily via bluetooth.  It's recommended you charge it first for a few hours before playing with it, I did for an hour and then was too anxious to try it out, so started to play with it.  By the way the inductive charging is great, you roll the ball so the heaviest part of the ball is on the bottom (probably the robot inside) and place on the charging stand and viola, you're charging.<br /><br />Sphero is the starter app that allows you to initially pair with your iPhone or any iOS device (most Android stuff too) and allows you change colors of the ball, decide how fast you want it to go and few other first time tips and tricks to get you familiar with everything.  Drive allows you to, well, drive.  This is incredibly fun and I found myself walking throughout the house driving this little ball around - through chairs, around tables, down hallways, even down steps and few stairs.  I have  few dogs and they were going nuts trying to figure this ball out.  My little dog would chase it around the big dog would run from it.  There's another app you can download that I believe allows you to video your dog while they chase the ball that you drive around and then you can post your videos to the internet.  I'll try that this weekend.  The last app I tried was Draw and Drive.  For you folks that remember the etch a sketch, same concept, Draw what every you want, a figure eight, parabola, square and Sphero follows your path.  Shake your iPhone and you have a clean slate again to draw something else.  I signed my name as if it was a signature and the Sphero did some type of rain dance as it was all over the place, but kept the path fairly close.<br /><br />There's a few more apps to download and apparently more on on the way like, golf, etc.  I can't wait to try more out this weekend, for now I'll have to put it away before I spend all day playing with it. I've ordered another Sphero for the 6th grader, I can't wait for his birthday now so I can beat him in race around the house.  I feel like a little kid again.f rain dance as it was all over the place, but kept the path fairly close.  There's a few more apps to download and apparently more on on the way like, golf, etc.  I can't wait to try more out this weekend, for now I'll have to put it away before I spend all day playing with it. I've ordered another Sphero for the 6th grader, I can't wait for his birthday now so I can beat him in race around the house.  I feel like a little kid again.
B006ZBRMOU|5.0|If you like romance plus erotica, this is the choice (well, I dont really into the kinky stuff, but you can just jump and read ahead). I really like the story line, I laughed, I cried, I loved, all sorts of emotion were out while you reading it! Cant wait to read her next book!!!
0061367036|5.0|I really enjoyed this book. It has a lot of interesting info on a wide variety of supernatural critters out there. This books gives the characteristics and the background of the fuglies, and also tells a person who to defend themselves if attacked. The book even has a section on herbs and crystals and the various uses and effects. Very useful, especially if a person is doing research on the subject! \\"Monsters and Spirits\\" is written from the POV of the Winchester brothers, Dean and Sam. Irvine nails their voices; I could hear Ackles and Padalecki speaking the lines. There were some minor errors; Dean Winchester was 4 when his mother died, not 5, but that didn't bother me at all.  I made the mistake of reading \\"Nevermore\\" by Keith DiCandido. Let's just leave that for another review, which won't be five stars, believe me. This book is head and shoulders above that one.
B005N0PJJO|5.0|Dont think, just buy it, you wont be disappointed!!! I love the whole series ( well, actually just one story but has 3 parts).
B0068TL23G|5.0|Finally something a little different. This one will make you think and it gets more challenging as you go along. Love the graphics and smooth gameplay. Thanks to amazon and the developers for a fun free game !! works perfect on asus transformer
B005UT29Z0|1.0|Slow moving, hackneyed film. I saw Inside Job and i thought this might be interesting. I want my two hours back Inside Job, a documentary, is easier to understand and more entertaining. Plus, Zachary Quinto's caterpillar brows are hypnotizing in a bad way.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|a fun challange if your bored there's always something new! my kids can play and so can I worth the download time!
B005K17RU0|4.0|The only annoying thing is for my kindle fire it constantly says i have an update at the top. Otherwise pretty accurate.
1451648537|5.0|This is a fascinating biography of one of the most important businessmen of our time. Steve Jobs spent his life inventing products that we didn't even know that we needed and now we can't live with.
B005DOL0R0|5.0|I bought my wife a kindle for Christmas which she enjoyed, because she reads alot. Then for her birthday I bought the Kindle fire, she can't put it down, there's so much available on it. The small screen doesn't  seem to bother her. It's a great product!!
0596009208|5.0|This is really what I need! vivid examples and straightforward description. In any sense it's valuable Java book you should have!
0316743003|4.0|The book was hard to put down because of the interesting history facts and revisiting the birth of Lockheed and the development of the Skunk Works projects. I was quite impressed with information not only on the U-2 and the SR-71, but the other projects that actually materialized and those that did not. Politics played a huge part in the funding of many projects and Kelly Johnson certainly knew how to work politics in Washington. I was also surprised at the waste of government spending when millions were allocated to a project and then years later terminated. I would highly recommend this book to anyone who has an interest in super sonic aircraft and the pilot-less drones that now circle the world.
B002C6K7N0|5.0|This cd represents the true grit and passion of Megadeth.  Truly a vintage cd.  No ones does thrash like D.M. and for those who may have forgotten him for a short time, you will be instantly reconnected by the riffs of EndGame.
B004R13U6Y|5.0|bookmarks, night mode, and text options make this the best choice for your Pdf needs. calibre doesn't convert them well yet, but with this tool you read them almost as smoothly as a mobi anyway.
B003AMAOW4|1.0|I wish that the trade in option was available when I purchased this DVD.  The cast is excellent especially Kaufmann.  The production is another example of trying a new, more modern setting.  It sucked.
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|The book cover is durable and protects the Kindle well.  My only problem is when you try to use the stand, if you  touch the screen ever so lightly is will collapse.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|this game will keep you going and if you don't know how to play this is the app for your kindle
B00000G3PL|5.0|This is a great box set. This is primarily the movies with a few special features. If you want the films and don't care about the fluff or need 1080p then this set is for you.
B005M2A4D4|3.0|This review is not about the show's content - I'm a fan of both Doctor Who and its current showrunner, Steven Moffat. It's about the DVD packaging.  When the Doctor Who DVD sets were switched over to the present format for Series 5, I was happy. The \\"book\\" format, with each disc snapping securely into its own plastic \\"page,\\" is great. So when the Series 6 set arrived today, I said \\"Great!\\" and opened it, and before I even had a chance to take in how much cheaper the packaging is compared with last year's...five of the six DVD \\"pages\\" fell out in one chunk. Why? Because they were never taped on to begin with. Great quality control there.  So I've spent some time with packing tape and scissors, pondering the new, expanded meaning of the phrase, \\"interactive feature.\\" Make Your Own Packaging with the BBC! They send the parts - you put them together.  I can't help but think that by cheapening everything beyond all reasonable limits - those budget cuts are really showing - the BBC is shooting itself in its collective foot. They axed Doctor Who Confidential last year, there are precious few commentaries on the discs now, the packaging has taken a nosedive but the price, strangely, hasn't...and this is one of their blockbuster shows worldwide. Does anybody else feel like they aren't getting it? The DVD as a storage unit hasn't died yet, and there are millions of Doctor Who collectors in the world. Hey - here's a good strategy for the BBC - maybe it should alienate us!  Or maybe I'm not getting that we're all supposed to live in the Cloud these days, and the BBC is simply doing its part to kill off the DVD market once and for all. But I prefer physical discs, and I feel a lot better about companies that aren't putting out crap and expecting me to like it. The thing that Doctor Who has always excelled at, from 1963 through today, is making delightful stuff out of virtually nothing, against enormous odds. Too bad its parent company can't value that spirit, let alone emulate it.  Time now to stop typing and start shoving discs into the player to find out if they work.
B004EPYZSU|3.0|Different roll for Harrison Ford and Daniel Craig ... but slow and confusing at first, but a nice movie.  Probably not something I'd choose to watch a 2nd time anytime soon.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This app is amazing. My Kindle is now a fully functional PC. Remote access from anywhere in the world. The connection is great.
B000IKHNT8|5.0|If you are a fan of the theatrical versions of these films this is the absolute best version to have. They have a very cool look when upconverted for hdtv. I absolutely cherish these copies.
B004W2UBYW|5.0|This long, detailed book tells Steve Job's riveting story.  It's LONG and I read it in about a week.  It reads so quickly.  It's exciting.  Honestly, the book changed my view on who I am and how I live.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game. is very addicting! I bought this game a little.while ago and haven't stopped yet! its perfect fir all ages! so many games to chose from and you earn coins too!
0525478817|5.0|You will laugh. You will cry.  This book will simultaneously warm and break your heart.  This book arrived 3 days before Amazon said it would. I opened the package, took a moment to stare at the lovely green J Scribble in the front, and then immediately sat down on my couch and read. In the 3 and a half hours it took me to experience this novel I only got up once, and that was to move to sit in my bedroom when I realized it was about to get sad. There are no weak moments, every page is a dream. I was laughing and crying simultaneously. And when I reached the end, I was sad that the journey was over, but I did not feel the emptiness or desire Hazel and Augustus felt at the end of their fictional novel. All good things must come to an end, says the cliche, and it definitely holds true for this book. This is my favorite of John Green's novels thus far and after this success I only look forward to his next work even more.
B005G4TJI4|5.0|The product arrived to my hands in optimal conditions, and the waiting time was less than expected, even less than what they told me it was going to be
B005K0HDGE|5.0|This was the first time I had read a Stephen King book, and I loved it from start to finish.  It left me with a weird feeling I can't describe.  Something like superstitious, but not exactly.  I guess I left it with a constant thought, sort of eerie, about what I am doing, and how that possibly affects everything else.  Looking forward to catching up on a long list of King books now that I've found him!  ;]
B003ZSJ212|5.0|This  story is amazing and timeless period!!! Have watched it many times and will watch them all many more!  I don't see how anyone can give this a one star!!
B000YAA68W|1.0|I tried to watch this movie at the recommendation of a friend, who never steers me wrong.  I'm sorry, but this movie is just crap.  The socio-political events of the time are really just a backdrop against which a whiny feminist tells her tales of rejected love and the challenges of adult relationships. If you are looking for a story that focuses on the tumultuous events the author lived through, this isn't it.  This movie is almost entirely focused on her love life.  The movie always makes it very evident that while the author wants to be seen as a rebel, She is really just craving attention and acceptance.  Please don't waste your time on this garbage.
0439023521|5.0|Loved it. Exciting and Fresh style! Totally engaged in the story. I loved all three and wish the Author had more for me to read. Keep them coming!
B005HSG3U6|3.0|I love the look and the protection the cover gives. I bought the white one and I love the look of it. The only problem is I've had it for less than a month and the plastic is starting to wear off. It looks terrible, and will only look worse as time goes on.
B004RJMUJO|1.0|update this, the free one has more blades and backgrounds this is a rip off. if updated I will defanately rate 5 stars
B005VTGB0S|2.0|As far as being a cover for the iPad2, it works fine.<br />It does stand at a comfortable angle for use. I am<br />not sure how protective it would be were it dropped,<br />as I am not willing to test it out on mine. The elastic<br />strips might do a fine job, but I have some doubt.<br /><br />To me, the biggest issue here is that there is no<br />accommodation made for the camera on iPad2. Having<br />to remove the iPad2 in order to snap a picture defeats<br />the purpose.<br /><br />If you are not one who makes use of the camera, and just<br />need something to use for games or surfing, or simply for<br />protecting the iPad in a bag, this should do the trick for you.<br />But selling it as a cover for the iPad2 lost it one star, as I<br />believe it to more suitable for the original iPad, and touting<br />it as a cover for the iPad2 is misleading.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|enjoy the different games. have fun having to play to unlock new games. I def recommend. this game and give it a 4 star rating
B0054JZC6E|5.0|easy to use fun to play..works well on kindle fire. quick games some easy some a little harder. all in all easy time passer.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This is a very nice case and I am happy with this purchase. It fits my Kindle Fire perfectly. And yes, this case is more expensive than some, but I like the case so much that I think it's worth the extra money.
B0062QRTKA|5.0|I can't believe this only has one review! Great game so far. Fun, nicely designed, well worth $2. This will be a top played game soon.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Its ok. Its a good way to waste time and some games are easy to win. The games with the blocks and the diamond confuses me because I don't know how your suppose to win.
0061969656|5.0|Cornwell is one of the best, if not the best, historical novelists writing today. This book takes place during the turn of the century. That is, the 10th century. During the time of Alfred the Great's death & the accession of his son Edward the Elder as King of Wessex & of an England, which was still more of an idea than a reality, at that time.<br />This is Cornwell's 48th published novel & the 6th in his Saxon Tales series, featuring Uhtred of Bebbanburg (now Bamburgh Castle in Northumberland).  Every time a new book by Cornwell comes out, I get a rush of excitement at the mere thought of reading it.  He has never let me down.  Cornwell has the unique ability to take very dry & dusty historical facts & turn them into an exciting novel that one wants to read.  At the same time, one learns so very much of times long buried.<br />The Saxon Tales series is about the founding of the modern nation of England.  King Alfred the Great was the father of the nation but it was his son Edward the Elder & his daughter, the Lady of Mercia who brought his dreams of a united England to fruition.  Cornwell uses Uhtred as a plot device to be a leading character through all the books of this series.  In reality Uhtred was a real person & Cornwell is his direct descendant.
B0063IH60K|5.0|It is easy to use and keeps me occupied for hours! I will probably use this app for a long time to come.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Some very cool little games that you want to beat each time.  My kids love it and it keeps them busy.  It is easier to unlock other games than i thought it would be!
B002KKCWP4|1.0|My first pair of Tevas, and probably my last. At the $45 I originally bought these for, they were ok at best. Not the most comfortable sandal I've ever worn. I've had them for just 9 months, and there's a giant chunk missing out of one of the heels. Teva's return/warranty procedure is the worst. It takes up to 3 weeks for an exchange. You can buy replacements yourself, and they'll credit you, but only if you buy directly from them. Of course their price is higher, and all they have available are hideous neon trimmed versions of this sandal, not the simple colors that you see here. I'll stick with Nike. At least I get a few years out of them, and they cost less.
B0063IH60K|4.0|just a lot of fun ... very nice graphics ... the execution is well developed ... very good chance to win ... would recommend to others
159514188X|5.0|This book haunted me. It should be required reading for high-schoolers.  For anyone who has ever been bullied or mean-girled, this book hits you to the core. Also, if you've ever read into anything, or fed into the rumor or bullying mentality, it makes you rethink everything you did.
B0068TL23G|2.0|It's a shame you cannot move the game to the SD card, the game is fun.  I wonder why the developers did not add this feature?
B000JVSUS4|5.0|The bluray was brand new in shrink wrap and arrived within a week of ordering. And that's at an APO address! Very impressed!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Smooth game play. Works as well on kindle as my main computer! Would recommend for Kindle users. Haven't had a single issue with it.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|The bluray was brand new in shrink wrap and arrived within a week of ordering. And that's at an APO address! Very impressed!
B005K17RU0|5.0|love the satellite view have friends around the world can see their weather at the same time, as mine, better then the weather channel.
B0068TL23G|5.0|gets more challenging as you go. limited hints, bummer for end. a few made me want to throw my phone. works well on htc evo 4g
B005WMADYE|5.0|\\"Redline\\" is a kinetic viewing experience not be missed . This long awaited film may very well be regarded as favorably as the legendary \\"Akira\\" . The animation is sublime and beautifully done - not to be missed !
B0069GRIHW|5.0|This is my favorite Doors studio lp. I think its somewhat rare for a groups last lp to be the best but in this case its true. For me, anyway. And actually there is only a span of about 3 years from the first to the last lp. That aside, I love this lp. Most of you guys know the songs. I really like the second disc as I am a sucker for demos, outakes and the like. I know it seems like the Doors re release thier albums over again every few years, but this seems like the definative copy of this great lp.
B005K17RU0|5.0|15 day weather report is great. Reliable and developed well. Ads are not a problem. Way better than other weather apps.
0439023513|4.0|When I first set out to read the hunger games books, everyone told me \\"oh they're great, but I hated the third book\\". I come on here to see all these negative reviews by people with similar comments.  Having just finished the third book, I don't understand the negative comments at all.  This book is certainly darker than the first two. What were readers expecting to give it one star reviews? This was the best way the author could finish these books. Everything has been building to this.Its a thrilling book that I couldn't put down!  It was a great read and a fitting end to the series.  The journey Suzanne Collins has taken these characters and this world on was a thoroughly enjoyable one. What makes this book different from the other two (and maybe why others did not like it?) is its about a war. It covers all the angles and effects of war.  And like all great science fiction, it examines human nature in a way that makes you think about our own lives and what's has and could happen in the real world. The only reason I did 4 stars instead of 5 was that I felt the pacing of the book wasnt quite as tight as the other two books.  Other than that, good stuff.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I really like this game it is very fun and when I'm bored I go on this game and I'm not bored any more!!!!!
B004UID2LC|2.0|I really like this its totally. worth it. I like Justin bieber yay. I love my dad aha yay haha
B000EQ5SRK|2.0|Sharon Stone moves into a new apartment. The previous tenant comitted suicide. As she begins a heated sexual relationship with a younger neighbor, she's blissfully unaware of the hidden cameras spying on her in her apartment.  I don't know how he did it, but director Philip Noyce managed to drain the story of all its suspense and tension. Sliver should've been great. Based on a page-turning novel by Ira Levin, scripted by Joe Eszterhas at the height of his power (although Sliver marks the beginning of his spiralling downfall). But Sliver fails on almost every level. It's slow and dull where it should be mysterious and enticing, and all adaptations are made for the worse. A key element to the plot is reduced to a footnote in the movie. A big confusing mess, the film goes off in every direction and yet never really goes anywhere.  The novel is a cynical exploration on the seductive lure of voyerism, but the film chickens out, opting instead for making a moral judgement on the subject matter - Moral ambiguity is always more interesting.  The performances are for the most part pretty descent. Sharon Stone is engaging as the heroine, and William Baldwin convinces as the mysterious and charming neighbor, although Levin's charachters suffer at the hands of the filmmakers.  There is some style on display here. The film looks great. The production design by Paul Sylbert is excellent, and is superbly highlighted by Vilmos Zsigmond's cinematography, creating the perfect atmosphere. But composer Howard Shore seems to be scoring the wrong movie. Imagine what someone like Jerry Goldsmith would have achieved.  Instead of making inferior remakes to great classics, Hollywood should remake Sliver. It's ripe for improvement - inparticular in the age of reality tv.
B0055SWM08|4.0|This game is well worth the money if you like puzzle games.  Unique gameplay and a slick presentation make for an engaging experience.  Finally gave in to the nag screen and rated the game, but it cost them one star.
0385534639|2.0|After reading the description of the book \\"The Night Circus\\" and all of the editorial reviews regarding this book, I was really quite excited about reading this book.  But \\"The Night Circus\\" left me anxious to jump off the edge of a high wire to escape the pains of this book.  The first quarter of the book which included the creation of the circus, and the background about the challenge between the two main characters was an enjoyable read.  Also, the creation and the description of the circus was quite magical, and quite wonderful.  But after that, I was wondering if I was reading the same book as the other reviewers had read.  The two main characters Celia and Marco were not moving at all, even though the author attempts to characterize them as so. And you really can't understand what these two main characters really saw in each other.  Halfway thought the book -- going back and forth from circus location to circus location.... you really felt, \\"when will this end, and get to the point\\".  The one character that you really felt anything about was the German clock maker, and his interaction with the circus.  But all the other characters you really couldn't care less about.  I'm sorry, but I felt this book was a very painful read, and couldn't wait for it to end.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|gr8 app...it is my prime app for bible reading on the go. i like the fact they are always willing to make good changes.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I don't usually share my opinions on apps but this one has proved invaluable. It works seamlessly between my phone, tablet and pc. Synching information is almost simultaneous. It has many functions that help users integrate and improve workflow. If you need a good notepad app, this one is very hard to beat.
B00006RAKP|5.0|great price and is a great CD. Went and saw elton john in concert back in april and he is still good as ever.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|still on second level, the games seem fun, but a couple of them are very hard and the directions aren't clear so I can't figure out how to play the game!!  needs clearer instructions!!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Thiis is a GREAT app. A must have. I highly recommend it. I use it every day to remotely access my laptop & desktop from my Kindle.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|If only the screen clipper worked with my Kindle and there were more storage for free users. But still, this is a wonderful system to integrate into your life if you're an avid note taker.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|get more games to play and a ant war game's word games this is the best game ever never more then my word
B0062NAX1U|5.0|There are many movies on the market today...but few that have the value that this movie has.  This is a well written movie.  The cast has done an excellent job at getting an extremely important message to all who invest the time to view it.  Yes, to watch this movie is a wise investment of your time.  Fathers/dads, this will encourage you to be active in the high calling you have in regards to your family.  The whole family will enjoy this one.  Take the time to watch it a couple times.  Have a great day!
B0068TL23G|3.0|Fun game. But if you want to go back to improve a levels score, after you are done, it will wipe out the NEXT Level's score.
B000K3HTRY|5.0|This is probably the best date movie ever (unless you're a prude). It's funny, a little twisted, and super sexy.
B0055SWM08|5.0|This game is worth the time and money! The soft music adds to the pleasure of playing. Very relaxing, and I enjoy it.
B0030T1NAO|5.0|I bought these for my Brother in law for Christmas and he LOVED THEM! Now my husband is hooked on the series too..
1451627289|5.0|Page turner from start to finish.  What a great book.  The historical side was fascinating and the romance side was quite moving.
B003274QH6|5.0|I bought the whole series as a gift and he LOVED them- and then proceeded to get my husband hooked on the series too!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The Hunger Games is a great success. I don't know where Suzanne Collins comes up with this stuff, but where ever she does, great job.  The Hunger Games starts out in a place called Panem. Katniss Everdeen lives with her mother and her sister, Prim. They live in the Seam, which means you don't make enough money for a living. Katniss pretty much has to run the house. She hunts and gathers with her best friend, Gale. And her sister, Prim sells her goat milk.  All of Panem is dreading the day of the reaping, which is when they draw two names, a boy and a girl, from the reaping ball, to take place in he annual Hunger Games, a fight to death until only on tribute (competitor) is standing.  Katniss would not let her sister, Prim, sign up for the tesserae, which is when you put your name into the reaping ball multiple times so your family can get extra grain and oils. This year, since Katniss is 16, she will be entering her name twenty times. The winner is...Prim Everdeen. Katniss is shocked because it couldn't be happening because she only put her name in once. She quickly starts for the stage volunteering so her sister won't be suffering and only Katniss will. It seems like the Capital is purposely making Prim suffer. First, calling her name out of the reaping ball, then, she has to watch her sister suffer.  How will things turn out? Sorry, can't tell you, but you can find out by reading this book.
B005UKJX4E|1.0|2 hours and 15 minutes of my life that I will never get back.  Simply wretched. I would not recommend this flick to anyone.
0385534639|5.0|At first,I was hesitant to purchase this book. The publisher's description was a grave injustice; however, having recently become an avid fan of Sarah Addison Allen's books, and based on customer reviews, I decided to give it a shot. I'm oh so glad I did.  The story and the writing are truly magical. The descriptions of the sights and smells of the circus were amazing! I felt as if I was there, seeing everything and smelling the caramel and chocolate. I could visualize the characters and their performances. Some of the characters are wonderful people and some, not so much. They are all memorable. Throughout, you could feel the suspense building.  This was a book that I read very slowly because I didn't want to miss a thing and I never wanted the story to end. I would re-read descriptions of my favorite rooms just as the characters would re-visit their favorite rooms. It really is the Circus of Dreams.  I have been careful in recommending this book to others. I only share it with those who I think will enjoy it because I really don't want to hear any negative feedback. I don't want to lose any of the joy I experienced.  If you have an imagination, you will LOVE this book just as much as I did. I intend to read it again and again! ENJOY!!
B000FC13E0|1.0|So much exposition, so little patience. This book annoyed me. I borrowed this book from my brother, expecting another Jurassic Park. Instead, I got some sort of diary. It seems forced, and dry, I didn't like the book at all.
0439023513|1.0|I don't know where to start. I feel betrayed reading the last book. Katniss was a beautiful character that reflected purity mixed with caring, love, uncertainty, power and hope for a bright future for everyone including the readers.  Whats the deal with all those deaths? Why did the third book became included so many gore reflections. I liked the first two books because they managed to carefully illustrate the battles without making it so disgusting.  Its hard to see all the close, trusted friends and family disappear in just few sentences, turning Katniss into a hollow creature that tortures the reader for almost five pages or even more.  I wish I didnt read the third book to keep the good memories of the first two
B005XQLBU4|5.0|This game takes me back to the 80s. I haven't been able to put it down. If you have a busy schedule, move on cause this game is going to eat your time away!
B004LOMB2Q|1.0|I put all my school notes on here, but before I could back them up somewhere they got deleted. no warning, no update problem, just simply deleted everything. this app sucks.
B004CIIXFA|4.0|15-year-old Mia (Katie Jarvis) lives on an \\"estate\\" on the outskirts of London.  If estate sounds fancy, it actually is the British equivalent of the projects.  A tall, drab, run-down apartment building.  She lives there with her mother Joanne and younger sister Tyler.  Skinny and carrying some heavy acne, Mia spends her days wandering around the neighborhood and sneaking into an empty apartment so she can listen to music and work on her dancing.  She's moody, foul-mouthed to the extreme, and deeply misses a kind presence in her life.  Her mom makes no secret of the fact that her two children are nothing but a bother and interference in her social life.  Mia apparently has no interest in school and quite frankly, doesn't seem to have much to offer the world.  This is the basic set up for the much -praised film from up-and-coming filmmaker Andrea Arnold.  Shot in a hand-held style on a shoe-string budget, FISH TANK is interested in exploring the life (and inner-life) of this one specific teenager.  She comes from poverty and neglect.  She's not experienced much affection in her life.  She's angry but also has impulses that draw her to beauty, whether towards a horse kept in a nearby deserted lot or for the simple pleasures of a drive into the country.  Our initial reaction to Mia, whom we meet as the camera follows her wandering around the estate (Arnold spends A LOT of time literally following the jogging-suit-wearing Mia as she walks around), is not positive.  \\"What a horrible brat!\\" is the first reaction, followed by a feeling that this young lady is a hopeless waste of anyone's time and energy.  Then her mother meets a guy, Connor (Michael Fassbender).  Connor is handsome, charming, has a decent job and makes mom happy, which makes mom nicer.  Connor also provides Mia with some much needed positive attention.  He compliments her dancing.  He takes the family to the country and shows them beautiful sights.  We are shown how his simple attention awakens something in Mia.  He is awakening hope.  He is reminding Mia that gentle human contact is desirable.  And he also appears to be stirring a physical response from Mia.  The viewer can see that what Mia NEEDS is a father figure...but she is mistaking that need as a need for physical attention...for sex, perhaps.  The tension of this film (which is actually pretty palpable at times) is in the wondering where the relationship between these two is headed.  Will they find their ways into appropriate roles?  Or will the chemistry between them pollute what started out so well?  And suddenly, we are rooting for Mia...because we see how the right choices could really turn things around.  The story-telling style, as I said, is to pretty much just follow Mia around, whether she is doing important things or mundane things.  Young Katie Jarvis is a natural and even though she seems to be a typical sullen teenager, she lets us see enough on her face to understand that her inner-life is a bit richer and more complex than her exterior.  It's one of the most convincing portrayals of a teenager I've seen.  However, Director Arnold does spend just a bit too much time photographing Mia walking.  Of two hour running time, I think we spend 20 minutes just watching Mia stroll around.  That's 10 minutes too much.  The filmmaker is perhaps just a bit too much in love with her naturalistic filming style and forgets that she's also making a piece of entertainment.  All the acting is good.  Fassbender, before he became a rising star, is virile and charming.  All the minor performers come across well.  This is a tiny little story, but told with great conviction and commitment...resulting in a surprisingly gripping movie.  The Criterion Blu-ray is excellent as always.  The filming uses natural light, and the blu ray captures that well, for better and worse.  The bonus materials are decent but uninspired.  However, the essay included in the booklet is great...it puts the film into perspective into the larger genre of \\"exploring British lower-class life via naturalistic filming\\" that folks like Ken Loach made so resonant.  But it also deeply explores the film and illuminates what makes it unique and what makes it work so well.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|its ok but its hard. to pass some levels and its hard. to get a lot of points overall its OK
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is Amazing I love it so entertaining. very addictng first thing I play. there is so many fun games to play.
B005VTGB0S|5.0|The appearance, weight and other factors were not my primary considerations in selecting this item. I made the decision after reading the following article:<br /><br />\\"Users of tablet computers should place their device on the table and tilt its screen, rather than have it flat on their lap, to avoid potentially painful hunching of the neck, a study suggested.\\"<br /><br />\\"Tablet users may be at high risk to develop neck discomfort based on current behaviours and tablet designs,\\" it warned.<br /><br />I just don't feel it necessary to acquire yet another type of computer related pain. And besides, whether or not my neck is susceptible to neck hunching it is more comfortable to use the iPad with a stand.
B005K17RU0|4.0|I prefer this app over weather channel app.  It has a real time radar which us exactly what I was looking for.
B004I8WD6E|5.0|This case is a fantastic value - big thumbs up to Amazon for this one. Its virtues:  - The case material itself is a rubbery kind of plastic maybe 2mm thick on the sides, great for absorbing small impacts  - I'm a klutz, so I've dropped my phone a few times now from up to 3-4 feet onto hard floors, and the case has protected it with flying colors each time  - The case is transparent, allowing the iPhone's attractive form to show through  - The case itself wraps a bit around the front, so if you place or drop the phone face-down, it rests on the case and not the glass screen  - In addition to the case itself, it comes with a screen protector film, small cleaning cloth, and small plastic squeegee for applying the film to the front of the phone and ironing out bubbles  - It has an attractive concentric ribbed pattern on the back - the raised ribs are inside the case, leaving the outside backing smooth (good for applying decals, for example)  - The cutout on the bottom is wide/tall enough to accommodate all Apple + 3rd party dock plugs I've used  - It's cheap  The only downside I could come up with is the \\"Amazon Basics\\" logo at the bottom on the back, though it's small and unobtrusive. If that logo wasn't there, nobody would have known that you'd paid < $10 for a quality, attractive case.  That being said, I can't recommend this case highly enough. Great price for a great product.
B002KQ6BT6|3.0|Good quick read. As much fun as his previous novels. This one should not cause any blur between fiction and reality. \\"Angels & Demons\\" is still his best in my opinion
B00005PJ6M|5.0|The sequel to [[ASIN:B002BRGEMS Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure]] follows Bill S. Preston, Esq. and Ted \\"Theodore\\" Logan adventure. They are out on their own and living with the Princess's from the previous film. They are hoping to win the Battle of the Bands and make the Wyld Stallions a household name. An evil man hell-bent on ruling the future sends evil robots of Bill & Ted to ruin their lives and change the future, one in which he rules and the world which isn't at peace due to their influences on the world. The robots kill them and kidnap the Princess's and vow to ruin their Battle of the Band appearance. Bill & Ted must traverse heaven & hell to overcome all odds and rescue the Princess's and save the day. Plenty of great actors: George Carlin (Rufus), Pam Grier (Ms. Wardroe), Joss Ackland (De Nomolos: Best known as Bad Guy in Lethal Weapon 2), and William Sadler (Grim Reaper). Just as fun as the last movie and this one features a nice little spoiler of the future news at the end (Hey, how did De Nomolos hitch up with Missy!!) DVD includes special features Behind the Scenes Featurette, Original Theatrical Trailer, English/French/Spanish Language & Subtitles. Grim Reaper's best line \\"You might be a king or a little street sweeper, but sooner or later you dance with the reaper.\\", until then pick up this title and Party On Dudes!
B0055SWM08|5.0|Best app I have purchased for my Fire. Super relaxing and always good music to soothe the mind. Would definitely suggest especially for such a low price.
B0000AUHQT|5.0|Robert Horton's review for Amazon really annoys me! It is possible to have a visually stunning film that is compatible with F. Scott Fitzgerald's source material. In fact in this case, it's essential! These characters inhabit a fantasy world of their own making and the tragedies that follow are made even more jarring by their \\"perfect on the surface\\" look, much like being on the cover of  Harpers Bizarre.  Horton's description of the excessive use of \\"flappers\\" and jazz is all wrong. There is one relatively brief scene at a lavish party that shows some of the \\"decadence\\" of the rich of that era. But it's the characters blatant disregard for others combined with their perfect hair, perfect dress, and perfect manners that make their actions all the more unsettling! We still see this today.... is it really any more decadent than a huge bash given by the very elite now? Or the gaudy obscenity of a Kim Kardashian wedding?<br /><br />The story of Jay Gatsby, played by Robert Redford, is one of mystery, (Did he gain his wealth illegally?). He's a hopeless romantic in love with a shallow and amoral child/woman, Daisy Buchanan, played beautifully by Mia Farrow, whose love for Jay may or may not be real. But one thing is for certain, Daisy thinks ONLY about Daisy! Leaving others to clean up the mess she leaves behind.<br /><br />There is one scene in the film that defines Daisy's and Gatsby's relationship, and that's a scene in his immense dressing room where he tosses out dozens of expensive shirts, sweaters, and suits to impress her, and Daisy bursts into tears and says, \\"I've never seen anything so beautiful\\"....we can gather from that scene that Daisy is thinking, \\"Why didn't you have all of this when we first met?\\", or is she just thinking about his wealth and nothing else? He might as well have been throwing money! It was never in her plans to marry a poor man regardless of how she felt about him!<br /><br />Karen Black and Bruce Dern make up the supporting cast and areextremely effective in their roles. Sam Waterston is perfect as Daisy's cousin, Nick Carroway, a bystander, moral critic, and narrator of the story. But Scott Wilson is really a stand out as a man driven to madness and revenge, but for the wrong person, Gatsby.<br /><br />This is a film that you need to see more than once to fully appreciate, I almost guarantee you that you'll see subtleties in the performances that you missed on first viewing. The dialogue is very eloquent and proves again why F, Scott Fitzgerald is so revered. Nelson Riddle does a terrific job in arranging a beautiful score reminiscent of the era and including Irving Berlin's, \\"What'll I Do\\" sung with heart breaking sincerity by William Atherton. I have the soundtrack on LP and I'm still waiting and hoping for it's release on CD.
B0053TMP24|5.0|Wow, Rick Riordan just gets better and better as a writer! So love his stuff and love love loved this book. It was filled with humor, action, and hints of romance. I just have to say I am loving the team of seven. And like always I think Percy is awesome. He does some very powerful stuff in this book. The other two with him Frank and Hazel are really cool and likable. Rick has a really gift for complicated plots that stretch over several books. I loved how he pulled in some old background characters from books in the past. This is a must read. If you haven't read Rick Riordan, I would suggest starting with the Lightning Thief and enjoy the ride!<br /><br />Oringally posted at: [...]
B000066C6Z|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorites. Yes, a couple of scenes are a bit dated (people under 30 may not catch a few references), but for the most part it is creative, timeless comedy. If your sense of humor includes movies like Airplane, Spaceballs, and The Naked Gun, you will probably love this movie. Did I mention this is one of my ALL-TIME FAVORITE COMEDIES?
B0054JZC6E|5.0|you would be crazy if you didn't get this. Its fun and keeps you busy. you have to download this game.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|just wish a wi fi connect wasn't required other than that a great way to follow the word on the go. I totally will recommend this app.
B000K7UG34|5.0|One of my best war movies. Me and son had watched this for like 10 times now and still love it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is kind of hard but in a good way. like it gives you a challage you will always want to try to beat.
B0068TL23G|5.0|It says in the description that it has nine chapters. Each with about fifteen levels. Game is very fun but the menus could be better.
B0063GORYU|4.0|Best I found for the Kindle Fire.  Like the size of the cards and ease of play.  Perhaps a little too much!
B004289ZW0|5.0|Sitting on the glareshield of my aircraft, this bluetooth GPS receiver sends a constant signal to my iPAD, allowing my plane's position to be seen on the moving charts with great accuracy.  Locks on and holds the GPS signals consistently.  The battery lasts as long as my iPAD's, which is exactly what is needed.
B004KPLZKA|5.0|Despite racism against Travelers and general teenage hatred this albums has gone No#1 along with three singles from the album.  Fun up tempo tunes along with some posh production made this album perfect for generating top pop tunes for a first time album.  We already know from X Factor that this diva in the making even more to offer in the future. All in all a fun CD to pop in the player and lift your mood.
B001YYQ9SS|5.0|Other users have already discussed everything in this package, so I'll keep this brief.  There must have been poor marketing on this re-release because I had no idea this even existed until seeing it in the store today.  That's a shame too, as it's so well done and should set the bar for all movie re-releases.<br /><br />  I've watched other films that claimed \\"bonus footage\\" that amounted to little more than visual bits sliced from the original release.  This thankfully, is not one of those films.  The bonus footage masterfully enhances the original plot and assists in closing some prior loose ends.<br /><br />  Little visual enhancements were also added to much of the movie, it was quite astonishing just how many scenes I noticed drastically different animations (this is a very good thing).  The HD quality was not quite up to other 1080p standards given by similar animation re-visits, but the amount of extra visuals added seems to justify this.<br /><br />*warning to parents*<br />This version is a bit more gruesome and violent than the DVD version.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Continuous fun. I could play this for days. It is a good way to keep busy. The games continuously get more difficult making you want to play more.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I thought this game would be boring but it is really fun! I love it! It has so many fun minigames fun for all ages!
B0053Q9DQI|5.0|I can't stop watching this movie!  A great story with really good actors...and Michael Fassbender...what a wonder!  I love a movie I can watch over and over and Jane Eyre fits the bill.
B005HSG3VK|1.0|I didn't feel it would work as I hoped so I retuned it and bought a stand which holds the fire in the right position for reading reciepts
B0063GORYU|5.0|great game, free, cant beat that!, I like the simplicity, graphic and playing alternatives, its a great game to pass timecwhile you wait at the airport or dentist:):):)
B005M5OSBK|5.0|Pink Martini has so few albums that even one that is a retrospective is a welcome addition.  I like loading my CD player with all my Pink Martini CDs (even the Christmas one) and playing it all day.
B0055S348W|5.0|Love to print from my phone. I rarely turn on my desktop.  This app has performed well since I've had it, about 6 months. No problems. HTC Thunderbolt
B0054JZC6E|4.0|good games not good if low points fun fine little boring great fun fun for all great to platter points
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I cant stop playing these games! Unlike other games that make you do bogus things to get points, all you have to do is play the games to get points. very fun game.
B006O5XYWG|5.0|I like this movie a lot!My favorite part is when Ceasar spoke.....I wish there was alot more to see though I felt a little short changed but I think the story was still great!
B005K2YRVG|4.0|I just bought a kindle4, so i need a sleeve to protect it.  This one is fit in my kindle, and not heavy.  Anyway, i like it, but if have more color will be better.
B00127RAJY|4.0|I really do enjoy this workout and I think it does a great job and you do see results. I lost 4 lbs in the first week by doing the program everyday and eating sensibly.  The only problem is I got so bored after the first few weeks because there are only 3 workouts. I did enjoy it though and you do see results!
B0068TL23G|4.0|Not a bad game.  Decent concept.  Puzzle lovers will enjoy it.  I just happen to be a puzzle lover.  Simple gameplay, and will make you plan your moves a the game progresses.  Just as a correction, there are actually 144 levels, not 16 as was stated in another review.  You must beat enough levels to earn enough stars to unlock the next chapter.  There are 9 chapters with 16 levels per chapter.  All in all it's not bad.  There really isn't any replay value once you beat it.  It can also get a little monotonous as the game goes on.  I wouldn't pay the asking price for it.  However, puzzle freaks should definitely pick this up as the FAotD.  It's a relatively small file, (no app to SD) and I'll end up beating it then getting rid of it.  Hope this was helpful.  I try to give an honest and thorough review.
B0068TL23G|1.0|This app doesn't work on mytouch 4g slide.  Scumbag app: Asks you to select ball.  Forces closes when you select a ball.
0062024329|5.0|I was amaze on the details of the graphic novel. This is by far a must have book it will change how you see and understand what we face in our life every day.
0446585025|1.0|As most others who reviewed this book, I am a huge fan of Ellen's, which only increased my disappointment in her slapping random and disjointed words on pages and making it all too obvious that her only reason for writing it was to say she wrote the book.  I kept thinking it would get better, contain some actual thoughts or humorous anecdotes - but that never happened.  I resent the wasted time, money - but mostly the loss of confidence in Ellen's product.
B006IGZWB2|2.0|This movie could have been great but in the first two minutes it took the Lord's name in vain.  As in it said \\"G..D....\\" If they would have took that out, I would like it.  If you do not find cursing then you would most likely love it.
B004FOA84A|3.0|If a dollar is worth one afternoon of fun then this game is great. I wish it were longer because I was really getting into it.
B00005V9HH|1.0|I bought this DVD to watch with a friend, so I didn't check it out as soon as I got it. When we tried to play it on two different DVD players, a BLU-RAY player and my computer it only played the highlights side--not the actual movie. It's a 2 sided DVD, and only the highlights side worked on any of the devices. Finally, just threw it out.
B002BWP49M|1.0|first off...ive read the series. and i did enjoy them. by the time i finished the 3rd book the 1st movie was being talked about to come out and i had some high hopes. i mean, the harry potter movies were awesome so the twilight movies must be awesome too right? yea...no. not only have i been sadly disappointed with the first three movies, this last one takes the cake!! horrible, no, ridiculous and unbelievable acting. i actually laughed in this one. in fact the wolf scenes were so bad i was able to quote the hangover. kstew was just as terrible as ever and it was pretty obvious how many people were wearing wigs. i have yet to understand why these crazy twihards actually consider this to be a good movie. it wasnt even decent. it was just sad. ill more than likely see the last one just because i read the book and would like to see a comedy every once in awhile. they really could have made these movies worth seeing. but i guess as long as the crazies out there continue to gush over them, they'll just keep letting this directors make movies. at least taylor lautner was there to take his shirt off. lol.
B0064BCNA4|2.0|it is simply a bad piano synthesizer . you can't play chords and you can't move along the keyboard to hit other notes
0062073567|5.0|Agatha Christie (1890-1976) is the grande dame of the English mystery novel. In \\"The Murder of Roger Ackroyd\\" the reader discovers all the pleasures of flicking pages with rapidity in a fast paced early Hercule Poirot novel. The famous Poirot mystery was published in 1926. The book is still readable, pleasurable and extremely clever!<br />  The Plot: The tale is narrated by Dr. Sheppard a local physician in the tiny English village of King's Abbot. The doctor's patient Mrs. Ferrars is found dead due to an overdose of the noisome poison veronal. Sheppard's nosy parker sister Caroline avers that the reason for Ferrars death is due to suicide. Mrs. Ferrars is thought to have murdered her husband Austen Ferrars.<br />Did she commit suicide in remorse over the murder or what she herself murdered? At the time of her untimely death Mrs. F. was being courted by elderly Roger Ackroyd the rich landowner of Fernly Hall.<br /> Sheppard consults his retired neighbor Belgian policeman  celebrated Hercule Poirot. Only Poirot has the genius to solve one of the greatest mysteries in the Christie canon! The chief suspect is Ralph Paton the niece of Roger Ackroyd. Paton is due to inherit a large fortune from Ackroyd. Paton is engaged to Flora<br />Ackroyd the niece of Roger Ackroyd. Roger Ackroyd is found dead in his study with a knife in his neck. A newly installed dictaphone device and a strange phone call are important in solving the crime. Blackmail is being practiced at Fernly Hall. There are a large number of suspects . The murderer may well stymy all of your efforts to discover who is the criminal! If you have never had the immense joy of reading an Agatha Christie novel this book is a good place to begin your journey. Match your little grey cells against those of Poirot!
B0017TYPIG|5.0|It is just one of those good old classic movies. Paul Newman is one of the greatest actors there was!
0062119044|5.0|I pride myself on being very well-read (devouring everything from Shakespeare to David Sedaris, Dickens to Updike) and I thought that this novel was excellently written, especially compared to a lot of books authored during the past several years.  The subject matter was horrifying, yet captivating, and I literally could not put this book down.  Many reviews state that the narrator, Eva Khatchadourian, is impossible to relate to due to her tendency toward pretension and anti-American tirades, and also due to the fact that she is unsure whether she wants to have children in the first place.  However, I found it possible to identify with a strong, successful career woman who was torn between the life she had and the life she thought she was supposed to have.  I highly recommend this book, although it is not for the faint of heart and in the end a devastating twist makes it downright depressing.
B0068TL23G|5.0|The title pretty much says it all. I started playing and I couldn't stop, its a fun way to kill time.
B006GRBK4G|5.0|Definitely a must watch movie for the true MotoGP fan.  I got to meet the director Mark Neale at a showing of the film at Pro Italia in Glendale, CA.  He is a truly modest and very talented man who gets to meet, film and tell stories of the living legends we'd all like to have a chance to talk with as he did.  The personalities of the riders really all come to life right in front of you and the race footage puts it all into perspective.  Mr. Neale is currently out gathering funds for his next film, so purchasing this DVD will help us all see another movie from him sooner than later.  Pony up some cash for this DVD, you will not be disapointed!  I certainly wasn't...
B0068TL23G|4.0|Is really interesting and well organized a FUN game when you get tired of all your others!i definetely recommend!!!!!!!!!also when u play the first level is the bomb!!!!!!!!!
B00006IU73|5.0|Being just a little older than Steven Wilson, and of relatively diverse musical appetite, I - for some reason - hadn't even heard of Porcupine Tree until late in 2011!<br /><br />I started off with one of their less mainstream creations, Voyage 34. I didn't like the concept at all, and the second half of it didn't even register in my mind as music, BUT it did get me curious about PT!<br /><br />So I bought The Incident on good heavy vinyl, and --- I know, some hard-core PT nationals dislike it, but it was THE FIRST FULL-BLOWN CONCEPT ALBUM I heard since The Wall!!!<br /><br />Anyway, I didn't want to invest into In Absentia on vinyl before sampling it properly, and the CD was cheaper and higher bitrate than mp3 from Amazon ... hence this CD.<br /><br />To sum up: In Absentia is different music from The Incident, but by definitely the same musicians. What can I say - the musicianship is exemplary, the listening experience is outstanding, the lyrics and the vocals are quite capable, too. Discogs and Amazon 5-star system will leave them with *****, but on the scale of 100, I'd easily assign them full 100. Same unique, high quality music as let's say The Beatles, Yes and, Pink Floyd and U2.
B000HEWEEY|5.0|This is a classic that I have been waiting & looking for a long time at the right price. Got it for a good price. Great movie for the time that it was made, in the 50's.Great special effects.
B004LROUNG|4.0|This one might be his funniest. You'll probably be surprised at how many chuckles and guffaws his latest novel forces out of you. The Litigators, on one level a legal procedural like so many other Grisham works, is also a comedy. Even the title is a joke, as you'll learn once you've made your way into the meat of this book.  You'll find familiar ground covered earlier in 'The Street Lawyer', 'King of Torts', 'Runaway Jury', and 'The Associate' but Grisham is able to come away with a nicely thought out yarn that should capture your attention because of his obvious writing skills and some of the compelling research he did in building the story. Again, Grisham rushes the book to the finish line, then ties up the loose ends in a hurried narrative epilogue at the end of the story which is getting a little tiresome.  I wouldn't say this latest work is Grisham's best  but it's better than his recent efforts. Looks like he enjoyed writing this which makes it enjoyable to read.
030726999X|5.0|Really the most riveting for me of the three books. My only regret is there is not another trilogy about these characters right around the corner.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is cool beast if you go to youtube and type in like a boss it is really funy
B001JNND9W|4.0|The clarity of the image and sound was magnificent, and even though the plot was not much, it was fun to watch again with friends.
1416511946|5.0|This was honestly one of the greatest books I've ever read. I originally only bought the book because I loved Nikki Sixx's band Sixx:A.M. After I read this though, I fell in love. I gained so much respect for Nikki because of what he went through and how he got through it. His book is so extremely honest that it literally took my breath away a couple times. The photos and the art and the lyrics throughout the book were amazing, they just added to the book perfectly. I loved that the book was really just Nikki's diaries from those times and not just him going back 20 years later, trying to explain what happened. I also loved the interviews with everyone else in Nikki's life because it let you into everyone else's mind about that time in his life. Seriously, I would recommend this book 100 times over.
B004WGGQPQ|4.0|This is a very good drawing app! My 5 year old loves it and I sometimes kill time on it as well! Great that you can put stickers onto the pad and manipulate them too. I would rate at 5 stars, but it gives me an error when trying to save to the album and locks up on atrix2. Other than that, well played.
0439023521|5.0|This is definitely not recommended as a young adult book. It is such a violent sci-fi story, and so unlike anything I have ever read. I don't even watch this type of movie. I was horrified at what I was reading, yet felt like I couldn't put the book down. As soon as I finished the Hunger Games, I purchased the next book in the series.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app is cool. a variety of games, all in one. it doesn't,t get better than this. I love it.
B0068TL23G|3.0|It's an ok game.  It's nothing earth-shattering.  Simple to figure out the controls.  The UI does indeed need work.  If you are a puzzle game junkie, you might want to try it.  I don't think I'd pay for this app, but it's a fairly decent app nonetheless.
B003V6L94Q|5.0|I really like the Zac Brown Band, and this album was not a disappointment. Great lyrics, good variety of songs. Love it.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I love this app. I have yet to find a better experience from a weather app, on a mobile device or even a web service. Gives you what you need, minus the distractions, and does it in an easy to use, beautiful way.
0439023491|5.0|Catching Fire is the amazing sequel to The Hunger Games. I was drawn into this book as much as the first one and find myself unable to keep from purchasing the third book in the trilogy. I find myself reading late into the night and waking up wanting to read first thing in the morning.
B005974CNA|5.0|I'm sure most people who are DT fans have either bought this album or passed on it by now.  But after listening to this CD for almost 5 months now, I just had to write something.  Since SFAM, I've been somewhat dissapointed in the subsequent albums (ie Octavarium).  However, Systematic Chaos and Black Clouds were vast improvements.  With MP's departure, I was really curious to hear how DT's music would evolve.  This album is just flat out so amazing, it has cemented itself as one of my favorite DT albums of all time.  The Awesome:  The music here is absolutely outstanding from the first to the last note.  There is no filler here (well, maybe This Is The Life).  Lost Not Forgotten, Bridges in the Sky, and Outcry take my breath away every time I listen to them.  Mangini does an outstanding job- definately a different style than MP, but in my opinion MP was getting 'predictable' and Mangini's approach is refreshing. The three 'ballads' are great as well (well, at least musically); many older ballads (ie Answer Lies Within) I end up skipping over but not these ones.  One aspect of the music on this album that really jumps out at me as well is the vocal melodies are vastly improved over recent albums.  No more non-tonal chanting/grunting stuff, all the melodies on the songs are nothing short of beautifully written and James sounds great.  Besides the great music, the MIX is outstanding.  I CAN HEAR MYUNG!!!  Seriously, listening to older albums is almost hard now, as all the instruments are so well balanced on ADTOE and the overall sound quality of this album is awesome.  The not so awesome:  The lyrics.  Listening to Black Clouds was like watching a thriller because of the lyrics.  Nightmare/Best of Times/Count of Tuscany all sucked me in and were very powerful and moving.  I almost can't listen to Best of Times without getting emotional because of my close relationship to my father.  But that's I think where ADTOE is lacking.  None of the songs really pack that lyricalpunch that to me is a important part of Progressive music.  I found the lyrics especially lacking on the three ballads: This is the Life (too preachy); Far from Heaven (what kid thinks this way?); Beneath the Surface (uh, negative?). What happened to the positivity of 'Another Day'?  Lost Not Forgotten is an interesting idea but lyrically doesn't deliver for me.  And Breaking All Illusions, while awesome musically, is lyrically disspointing (\\"Karma starts the signal\\"? What the heck is that?). Still vastly superior to 99% of music out there, I hold DT to a high standard here.  Also not so awesome: the album cover.  While not as important, I thought it was, well, sort of corny.  Despite the lyrical challenges, the music on ADTOE is so awesome I still give it 5 stars.  Here's to many more years of DT!!!!
B0055Q5F36|5.0|It's a great case for the international version of the S2. The buttons on the phone are protected well but they are a bit stiff to press though. It came with a screen protector that fits ok. The phone is operating as normal since it was installed. No blocking of speakers, cameras or ports. In my opinion the only thing lacking was a plastic film to protect the camera to the back but it is slightly indented inward though so that protects it a bit. All in all a good buy.
B005BCE7FQ|5.0|I haven't watched the BR disk yet but the DVD copy has clear picture and crisp sound. The packaging is quite nice, looks good on the shelf.<br /><br />PS The movie is really enjoyable :)
B0052OZJQO|4.0|After seeing the movie I just had to have the music CD.  It is such a wonderful collection of precious musical moments from Pina's life.  I'm thoroughly enjoying the soundtrack - each time I listen to it.  As for the order and shipment - it arrived in perfect condition - all the way down-under in New Zealand.
B0068TL23G|2.0|geez, I won't even try it!  really?? uninstalled! what a shame seems like a fun game. I'll never know now. Mr. developer, please fix!!
B000E6EH1S|5.0|Some reviewers have found this Symphonie Fantastique to be wonderfully played, but rather dull and lacking in excitement.  I can see where they're coming from as Davis doesn't go for bigness of sound and outward affectations.  Nonetheless, I feel an urge to defend this disc on account of its sheer beauty of playing and consistent interest.  The Concertgebouw belongs in the great triumvirate of orchestras, along with Berlin and Vienna, and it's a joy to hear such ravishing sounds.<br /><br />Beauty of sound is always an attraction but I've never found it enough to hold interest on its own merits alone.  In other words, my love for this disc is based on much more than the splendor of orchestral sound.  What grabbed my attention was how Davis was able to show affinity with the music; he always seems idiomatic.  As alluded to earlier, he's not out to grab us with power--if you're looking for a Karajan, you've come to the wrong place.  What he's out to prove is that Berlioz's warhorse can thrive in an environment where charm is one of the key ingredients.  There's much more smiling than frowning.  All the same, I don't see Davis as taming the work either; the March to the Scaffold is still terrifying.  Rather than feeling exhausted at the end, I was impressed with Davis' ability to retain interest throughout.  The Concertgebouw can produce an antique-like tone and that's in evidence here more than on any of the other discs I own of them.  Davis has ability for showing love for the music he conducts and I felt this here.  In the end, it was the delightful phrasing and meticulous attention to the smallest details that was the big draw and Davis deserves a large share of the credit.  I would be quick to add that all those details are captured with the utmost of personality and never strike me as remotely cold.<br /><br />I guess some will still feel that Davis' attempt to make this work predominately sunny spells doom from the very beginning.  I for one can't stand interpreters who think that mere musicology should sustain interest (I've never been able to listen to my Norrington all the way through).  Some may feel that I'm guilty of special pleading, but I don't think Davis falls into this category; he's overflowing with grace, lyricism, and wit.  For comparative purposes, I have to think of my Rattle account which is sensitive to the extreme and wallows in the sound of the world's greatest orchestra but lacks a defining interpretive blueprint.  Davis tried to use one of the world's greatest orchestras to accomplish a dazzling display of personality rather than count on good playing to provide enough interest.  I'd say he was successful in his efforts.mere musicology should sustain interest (I've never been able to listen to my Norrington all the way through).  Some may feel that I'm guilty of special pleading, but I don't think Davis falls into this category; he's overflowing with grace, lyricism, and wit.  For comparative purposes, I have to think of my Rattle account which is sensitive to the extreme and wallows in the sound of the world's greatest orchestra but lacks a defining interpretive blueprint.  Davis tried to use one of the world's greatest orchestras to accomplish a dazzling display of personality rather than count on good playing to provide enough interest.  I'd say he was successful in his efforts.
B004O3YGMC|4.0|Amazing program, easy to use, intuitive, and very convenient. I love having this program and being able to access my Pc from anywhere, it comes in handy when I'm at work and need to email myself some files from my home Pc or just to start some files downloading so they'll be ready for me when I return home. Also useful for bypassing Internet filters at work if you need to look something up but is blocked on office computers. Great program, the only thing that could improve this software in my opinion is including the capability to transfer files directly from Pc to android device through the software. I would recommend this program to anyone who needs access to their home Pc while at work or on the go, it's a steal at this price!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|great game to just relax and waste time on :). I love the challenge of unlocking other games and trying to beat my old scores.
B006IGZWB2|4.0|I like this movie and even my husband liked it! I thought it would be a chick flik but when we started watching it my husband got into it as well. Enjoy!
B0068TL23G|5.0|played all day at and could not put it down. even had my friend playing when I couldn't solve it. its a must solve/play
030788743X|5.0|Honestly, I have never enjoyed a book like this in my life. I have enjoyed plenty of books, don't get me wrong. However, like most people, I enjoy books in different ways. I enjoy the intrigue of Ludlum and Clancy's novels. I enjoy the fantasy of Jordan, Tolkien, Sanderson, and others. This book made me laugh out loud as Cline tickled every single geek funny bone in my body.<br /><br />Yes, this is a geeky novel.  Will non-geeks enjoy it? I don't know, I'm not a non-geek.  To put a finer point on it, I'm a geek who was 13 at the end of the 80's.  I owned an Atari 2600. I watched Ally Sheedy and Matthew Broderick in Wargames.  I watched Ghostbusters countless numbers of times. I even love Monty Python.  80's music....video games....pen & paper RPG's like AD&D.....80's movies.....this books makes literally hundreds of references to these things, and every time, I giggled with glee.  Here, let's try a test.  Do you still want Voltron action figures?  If you had nothing else to do, would you play a game of Zork? If Def Leppard asked you to Pour Some Sugar on them, would you cheerfully sing along? Do you still want to drive a DeLorean?  (And mount a flux capacitor inside?)  Would. You. Like. To. Play. A. Game?  Then this book is for you, based on the geek trivia ALONE.<br /><br />Story?  Yeah, there's a story.  And I don't believe it plays second fiddle to the trivia, though I know that many feel that way.  You can read the dust cover of the book, or the blurb on Amazon. A massively-multi-billionaire dies with no heir. He hides an easter egg in the massive alternate reality that he created, and the first person who finds it gains control of his entire fortune, including the company that runs the alternate reality. This story is about the hunt for the prize.  This, in and of itself, is another appeal to the book. Heard of real-life armchair treasure hunts? David Blaine did one awhile back; hiding clues in the book that was both a history of illusions and illusionists, as well as his personal quest to become a great street magician. How about the book, Masquerade, where clues hidden in the book led to a golden hare, which was the treasure? These kinds of things have always intrigued me, which was another reason I enjoyed the book so much.<br /><br />But how did the author execute it?  He did admirably.  The dialogue is cheesy at times, straightforward and simplistic quite frequently, and overall very interesting. There is a well-defined story arc. Unlike the complaints of other authors, I did see a clear 3-act structure, though I won't divulge spoilers here. There is actually a great deal of character development, as the main protagonist(s) learn an attraction to the real world after spending so much time in the alternate reality known in this book as the OASIS. The story starts off very trivial, as many stories do. But as Parzival discovers clues that few others have discovered, and the competition for the easter egg heats up, it gets REAL very quickly.  Things turn dangerous and deadly as Parzival learns some important things about what other humans will do when they are desperate, and it becomes more of a race to survive rather than an obsession with a man and a prize.<br /><br />It really is one of the most enjoyable books I've ever read. As Cline spins out one geeky reference after another, I giggled with genuine mirth. He led me back down lanes in my memory that had lain untouched for many years. I remembered shows I'd watched as a young pre-teen.  I remembered music.  I remembered rumors of video games I'd never seen and had nearly forgotten about. Do you remember those schoolyard rumors? (\\"Johnny told me that Stevie heard that you can actually BEAT Pac-Man?\\" \\"WHAT? NO! I thought it went on forever!\\" \\"No, Stevie told Johnny that he knew someone who actually BEAT it!\\")  Back before kids could whip out a cellular phone and check Wikipedia, this book brought these half-forgotten memories to the surface, and gave me the must unadulterated pleasure I've gotten from a book in a long time.  I hope Warner Brothers turn this into a movie if only so those I know who are not big readers can enjoy it as much as I did. (They bought the rights to the movie before the book was even released.  We'll see if anything comes of it.)<br /><br />I can't wait to see if Mr. Cline can match or top his debut novel...I'll be reading.k in a long time.  I hope Warner Brothers turn this into a movie if only so those I know who are not big readers can enjoy it as much as I did. (They bought the rights to the movie before the book was even released.  We'll see if anything comes of it.)  I can't wait to see if Mr. Cline can match or top his debut novel...I'll be reading.
B004T32SOK|5.0|Not sure what all the one star hop ha is about. I downloaded, installed and opened this app without issue. Because I have an iPod Touch I was able.to take advantage of the 50GB for free promo Box had running when the 4s launched. I've used Box for years. My insurance company loves having access to the folder of our insured items with I am able to update as things are purchase. Looks pretty on the Fire. Off to look for Evernote.
B0018BB20W|5.0|I realize that some might not like the mix on this cd because it isn't exactly like the LP, but I think it just sounds beautiful.  To me it's remarkable that an album recorded 45 years ago could sound this good!  The original LP mix is not available, and it's my understanding that the original tapes of that mix had deteriorated to the point that they were unusable.  I didn't own an audiophile quality turntable in my youth back in 70s, so to me this cd is a vast improvement over the LP.
B0071NLG0W|5.0|I have read all of Sibel Hodge's books/novellas so far and I am a huge fan . This book is fantastic and just as good as the other 2 from this series. This book is funny and suspenseful and very well written. I must warn you, once you start reading this you will not want to put it down so make sure do not have anything planned for an hour or two.
0439023491|4.0|Well catching fire seems to be more-or-less something to keep you occupied before reading Mockingjay. At the risk of spoilers I won't go into much detail but, it was the same story quality as The Hunger Games.
B004VMVTNU|5.0|been using this app since Christmas, no issues at all.  Some on here say they have had issues with it on the Fire, but none here, works great.  To those complaining about battery drain, plug in your device while you are sleeping, and maybe turn your screen off, you'll have no issues with the battery.
B004NDVK1I|5.0|I finally bought this album after hearing about it for a long time. I was reading in the Six String Heroes book that if you don't like this one, to check yourself into a mental institution. Well, I'd have to agree because the playing and singing on this album is awesome!!!!! It's a shame that Rory had to pass away so young, because he'd probably still be playing today.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|The SB-400 is a very good basic flash unit, small and fairly powerful for its size. The unit does not have any bells or whistles, not even a \\"test\\" button to manually trigger the flash, but it works wonderfully with the flash options offered through the menu of my new D5100. Certainly it is a vast improvement over the camera's built-in flash! Of note is that the unit sits high enough on my camera body to nearly totally eliminate the dreaded \\"barrel shadow\\" produced by the camera's flash.  I use the SB-400 with a Stofen flash bouncer and the results I obtain are quite pleasing. Note, however, that the bouncer must be removed from the flash to adjust the flash head elevation. That's not a big deal, but be aware of it; it's easy to forget where the elevation is set because it's hidden by the bouncer. The bouncer I use with my SB-600 moves along with the flash head as its elevation is adjusted.  The SB-400 is delightfully small and easy to carry along while mounted on my camera, serving as an everyday \\"walk around\\" flash unit; I now use my SB-600 for more critical shooting. But please note that while the case that comes with the SB-400 is very nicely made, its design leaves some things to be desired. Instead of being rectangular in shape (easy and cheap to produce), it is form-fitted to the flash unit... leaving absolutely no room to carry within it an extra doo-dad or two. There is not even enough room in it for the flash unit AND the bouncer. More importantly, the case has no belt loop or even a carry loop through which a carabiner could be inserted to secure the unit to a belt or strap or D-ring. Sadly, the case is of little use other than for protecting the flash unit while stored on a shelf or somewhere deep within a camera bag.  Nonetheless, the flash unit is a great product and it is fun, easy to use, and produces wonderful results. It is well-deserving of 5 stars-worth of kudos.
B0068TL23G|4.0|Now I know what people. who designed printed circuit boards went thru in their heads!  BUT DON'T ANY OF THE GUYS WHO DESIGN ALL THESE GAMES KNOW THERE IS A LARGE PERCENTAGE OF THE POPULATION THAT IS COLOR BLIND (I.E.,RED/GREEN).  HOW EASY IT WOULD BE TO SELECT COLORS THAT PEOPLE WHO SUFFER FROM DALTONISM COULD PLAY !!!!!!!!
0439023483|5.0|Collins write a brilliant story, that will make you want to keep going so badly the pages of the book will burn because they are being turned so fast! Well maybe not THAT fast but still a EXCELLENT read for anyone wanting a great fiction story!
B0063IH60K|4.0|its solitaire....what else do you want it to do? a way to pass the time. hasn't froze up yet has nice graphics. its free
0439023521|5.0|Saw the preview and decided to read them before the movie came out. Loved it! I highly recommend it! You will want all three.
B0055Q5F36|3.0|It is a great product... it protects your cell phone as described, but it has a big issue because the silicone protector produces an eco (the person who are you talking to hears an eco of their own voice)... I don't hear anything... any solution for this? Thanks.
B0068TL23G|5.0|This game had me playing for hours... So fun and interesting. If you like puzzle games, this is the one for you!!
0439023513|2.0|Warning, my review should be taken with a grain of salt due to the fact that I have not completely read the book.  I read about half of Mockingjay when I gave up on it. To me is seemed as if Collins was rushing it, and not getting to the heart of the action, it is filled with a lot of political yada-yada and Collins thinking she knows something about radio and aviation, its blatantly clear is doesn't but that's probably just my geek mind reading too deeply i'd imagine.  Bottom line, Mockingjay was stretched out to a point that I gave up half way through. I my humble opinion, this was a waste of $10 and have considered returning it.
B005IZLPME|3.0|POST-PRODUCTION 3D (converted from 2D to 3D)<br /><br />My ratings are based mainly on the QUALITY OF THE 3D, not the video content.<br /><br />OOS EFFECTS:<br />There are about 60 out of screen effects that extend about 10% of the way, from the screen to the viewer. Many of them are quick but easily noticeable. An additional 5 effects made it to 20% or more.<br /><br />IN SCREEN / OBSERVATIONS:<br />The cardboard cutout syndrome is glaringly noticeable early in the movie and in A FEW other scenes throughout the film with only 1, 2 or 3 depths and a flat background. The balance of the scenes converted well and only appeared slightly shallower in depth than normal and the syndrome was negligible.<br /><br />If you like action type films, it is easy to overlook the shortcomings of a (fake 3D) conversion and enjoy this movie for what it is. The 3D definitely adds to the viewing experience of this film.<br /><br />ACTIVE GLASSES USERS:<br />In addition to the menu; Crosstalk was evident 6 times but only 1 of them was a major eyesore.<br />(crosstalk varies from system to system)<br /><br />  3   star<br />MY 3D RATING = GOOD to VERY GOOD  (poor, fair, good, very good, excellent)<br /><br />Note: As far as the percentages go, everyone's eyes are different. What I see at 25% you may see at 15% or 35%. To fully realize how far something is out of the screen for you, pause on an effect and direct a partner with an extended finger to the tip of what you are seeing. You may be surprised.<br /><br />Click on `See all my reviews' for the lowdown on other 3Ds
B0068TL23G|4.0|Very fun FAotD. Challenges your brain to think a little bit. I can understand the confusion about levels because the navigation is not intuitive.  The arrows in the lower corners take you between chapters. Not sure how many chapters there are because it won't let you view the next one until you have a certain number of points. The gear icon on the lower right has options for turning off the music and not automatically advancing to the next level and such. The trophy icon in the lower left when you are in the chapter menu takes you to the international ratings of all players.<br /><br />If you misdraw a line in the game, the circular arrows in the lower left is an undo button. If you need a hint, you just click the star in the upper right and it will draw a line for you.<br /><br />The actual game and concept are great, but needs work on the button responsiveness and size and the overall navigation.  Probably would have helped to have a main screen with game title, options/settings, chapter list, and credits/contact info (which are hidden in the options by the way - the exclamation point icon in the lower right).
0062082353|5.0|I'm 3/4 done on my Kindle and this is one of the best non-fiction books I've ever read, so far (and I read ALOT).  I downloaded this book right after I saw Chris on the O'Riley Factor.  I like how his wife wrote her views of his deployments too.  Very telling and very heartfelt.  Oh, and I read a one star review about Chris being a \\"religious fanatic\\".  That's a vague term, but since I'm a devout Christian and approve of what he did, I guess I am too!!!  Aaaand that is how I am going to raise my kids (4 & 2).  To respect God, Family and Country.  GET THE READ, YOU'LL ENJOY IT!!
B005K2XM94|5.0|I really like this sleeve! I have owned a few other Timbuk2 sleeves in the past, for ipods, etc. and really like their products! I received my Kindle Fire for Christmas with a cover that I like but found that sometimes I prefer holding the Fire without a cover. I wanted a sleeve for these times to protect it in transit/while not used and found this one and I love it!  My biggest concern wasn't with the quality, I knew they make good stuff, but more with how it would protect the device. I think this sleeve actually provides more protection than the cover I have. I didn't see that coming! The second concern I had was that the K Fire would accidentally be turned on while inserting in the sleeve or while handling the device in its sleeve, not an issue.. It takes a lot of work to hit the power button while its in the sleeve.  Here's the cover I refer to above, which I really like too, especially if you need to prop your K Fire up on its own: [[ASIN:B005KDYBRU Kindle Fire Leather Case Cover by Marware, Brown]]
B004SBS8LA|1.0|I paid for the &quot;Ad-Free&quot; version yet the game is plastered with Angry Birds ads. Get rid of the ads!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I've only just started playing but this passes time fast, love it, some of the games I can do without but overall pretty good.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|stores and shares my information super easily across all my devices, aneroid phone, comp, laptop, kindle fire, ipod touch...easily searchable and easy to store great content with one touch
B004SBS8LA|5.0|I loved it was so. fun I could merry it because it is so additive. you should. try if people no virses
1451627289|5.0|I've been reading Stephen King's books for over 30 years, but I haven't cared for his recent novels.  This one made me remember why I like his writing so much.  I hated to see it end.
B005URRCUY|4.0|I like this new BK release and have an issue with those who lament the band's move to more straight up rock and therefore trash the Cd. Admittedly, it isn't Brothers. It is what it is. Any Cd can be viewed on its own merits and can be listened to in the context of the artist's discography up to that time, and, in retrospect, in relation to a lifetime's output. Too many reviewers lock into an artist and then cry foul when the artist alters musical course. You can embrace and appreciate the new direction or you can reject the new tack as being not for you. If the new course isn't to a listener's taste it doesn't mean that the product is bad or sub-standard. Of course it can be. It just isn't necessarily so. In the case of artists who live on the edges and who have limited or cult following the reaction to a musical change of direction can be particularly venomous. The cry of \\"sell-out\\" is often heard together with the oft repeated criticism that the music has become, heaven forbid, accessible, and worse still, popular!<br /><br />On the other hand I do agree with those who object to the quality of the sound.I have a volume control of my own. I don't need the music to be mixed and recorded at such high volume levels or compressed or whatever it is that makes listening such a chore. I like music played loud. Music recorded as this Cc was makes my ears tired.
B0064T6LV8|4.0|Works great on the Kindle Fire.  Tables are interesting and fun compared to some other pinball games, even compared to games I've played on a PC.
B006C1DH92|5.0|this game is awesome 5stars it is one of my recomeneded games to download but it gets the misses of fruit all wrong if your someone who played this you know there is a minigame where you have to slice a cocunut or 3 (depends which level) I sliced all of them and it said I missed like three
B005WMQ5R8|5.0|this is a film shining with wit and intelligence and eye-bleedingly good visuals. the length of the film (one hundred two minutes) gives extra niceness to the whole package. there is nothing lacking, and no shortcuts seem to have been taken in the creation.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Jfk jfjdjjf ksofn jdbdko jdbdno jdbdn jdidn kdosms jdbfi odndn nejdk jdicj jdidb kdoxjs.ia.dh kdnbdj jsifnk ndbd bjdn idn lek.. just want the points
B003L77FYS|5.0|Good characters in good relationships, the way they should be. Plots that have developed over varying periods of time beyond the life of the show. Some have made mistakes in the distant past that they have committed to set right. Relationships between the generations that are healthy.  Bet that you can't watch it just once.
B0068TL23G|4.0|This game is really great. It's a simple concept and easy to learn, but some of the levels can be very challenging, especially if you're going for 5 stars. The only reason I didn't rate this 5 stars is because the navigation is terrible. There is no way to restart a level and further more, after only 16 levels, I thought I had finished the game. Turns out there are 8 more chapters, each with 16 levels after the first, but you'd probably never know it. If you do pick up this game, be sure to click the right arrow on the bottom of the level select screen to advance to chapter 2 and beyond. It's a small annoyance, but detracts from an otherwise excellent game.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|The stores were out of the complete 8 DVDs for Harry Potter. I wanted the set not having to purchase one at a time. AMAZON had it for the sale price in the store. I missed a few of the movies. So glad to have the whole set to review and watch anytime I choose. I & my family LOVE the Harry Potter movies. GOOD VIEWING for all ages.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|Got it as the Free App of the Day and am hooked! Really the first tower defense type game that I have played...
B002I9Z8I0|5.0|I have been a \\"Trekkie\\" from the very beginning! Having all the movies on DVD in one package for a good price is great!
0312933541|5.0|Some will find the story outdated by modern events. On the contrary! The story background of the cold war is now far enough from today's realities to give this novel a historical flavor. Archer is a master story teller, and his stories are always riveting. Characters are deep and the suspense is strung all along. Extremely entertaining, and reminding the reader of forgotten times.
B000Z8GZYW|5.0|.<br /><br />Recently a friend said that days seem to be always the same.  Often I feel that we are in a pattern, a cycle that appears to repeat over and over.  During this discussion, I remembered the film Groundhog Day.  This movie describers the life of many people who have little variety in their life.<br /><br />Groundhog day tell the story of an egotistical but  bored TV weatherman (Bill Murray)  who is assigned to cover the annual celebration in  Punxsutawney , Pennsylvania.  Phil Connors (Bill Murray) begins as a difficult character, he is rude, self centered and arrogant.  He does not wish to be in Punxsutawney, doesn't think covering a \\"big rat's\\" prediction of the weather is worthy of a professional like himself.  He has a negative attitude and shows it.<br /><br />Phil awakens day two to discover that it is Groundhog day again.  At first he does not believe and rejects the day and its activities.  It keeps happening and Phil becomes a bit unglued - each day he tries a new approach to his new reality.<br /><br />Eventually he accepts his new reality and lives with it.  His journey to acceptance is a fun trip.  Bill Murray is hilarious as he rejects reality, and slowly tests himself and his environment.  He even tries various suicide methods, always seems to die from the attempt, but awaking at the start of Groundhog day.  His eventually solution is almost redeeming and out of his old self's character.<br /><br />I recommend this film.  It is entertaining.
B004EPYZV2|5.0|Ok so I must admit, I was sort of hesitant to go see MI 4 (Ghost Protcol) since I have never seen MI 1, 2, or 3 plus I am not a huge fan of Mr. Cruise. Am I glad I went! The writers did a fantastic job explaining what had happened in the previos MI films so those who had not previously veiwed them would not be lost. If you only make yourself go see one movie this year, you need to see Ghost Protocol---totally worth the price of admission especially if you love action packed flicks....  p.s.  just ordered the MI Gift set for myself--can't wait until it gets here so I can get caught up!
B0068TL23G|3.0|I know that it gradually becomes more challenging, but I didn't get to that point. I was bored after a few levels. not bad for teaching children spacial knowledge and logic. ill keep it for the 9 year old I nanny.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|It was recommended to me by my boss, and a few friends. I'm 29, what the heck am I doing reading something out of the young adult section. The next thing I know I've read all three!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Some of the games are pretty neat, while others are slightly boring.  I like the progression of earning new games, but dislike many of the control features while in the game play.
B000002KZ6|5.0|All I can say is I haven't taken this CD out of the player since I received it!  Fast shipment and item was brand new.  Love every song.
0525423281|4.0|I really want Lola to be my friend because:  1. I love Pushing Daisies so much, too, and own every episode. It's just so pretty and Kristen Chenowith is a-maz-ing!  2. Thanks to Lola, I totally have my Halloween costume idea for this year and I have been obsessing over it since I read this book.  3. I love wigs too! (See previous Halloween costume obsession...) I don't have the guts to wear one outside of socially accepted holidays, but I sure wish I did! I look great in an electric blue, bobbed wig!!  4. Lola has two wonderful dad's who live in San Francisco, have a great victorian house and hold amazing brunches. (One is also a pie-baker, yum!) I just know if Lola and I were friends I could come to Sunday Brunch!  5. Lola has a great BFF, works with Anna, hangs out with St. Clair and has a fun, quirky boy next door. I would hang out with Lindsey and have a Veronica Mars marathon every day of the week!  So, Lola has a great life, but it gets a little complicated (natch) when her former friends move back in town, right next door. She's dating an older, bad-boy, rocker and I loved the way this relationship played out. I have dated my share of borderline-jerky guys in the past and Perkins has spun this tale in a very realistic way.  Max is not overtly bad or abusive and (although you know how this is going to all play out) you can understand why Lola is dating him. Let me just say this: In my experience, if your family and friends hate the person you are dating (as long as they have concrete reasons), you should not be dating them. Your loved ones are right, you are love-struck and wrong. Every. Time.  Then... Cricket's back! Uh-oh! What's a girl to do?? Outside of the fact that he goes by \\"Cricket\\" (really?), he's a cute, nerdy boy who loves Lola just the way she is. A[...]  Lola and the Boy Next Door was a fun read with interesting characters. Although there are no big twists or surprises here, Lola's journey is charming.
B004K4IZ3G|5.0|I love this movie!  The style is great, it has lots of action, and the story is sweet!  If you haven't seen it yet, you need to!
B0068TL23G|1.0|its the worst game its boring and hard its not even worth getting so dont get just saying so if you like it get it I just wouldn't suggest it
B000N3T0DW|4.0|In most of his films Spanish diretor, Pedro Almodvar, has shown that he is particularly fascinated by the workings of the mind under stress and how it can subvert reality or the way we perceive it. \\"Volver\\" is no exception. The film starts conventionally enough. Raimunda (Penelope Cruz)'s marriage is crumbling. Her husband is unemployed and drinking too much. She has lost interest in sex and is having to work too hard to make ends meet. One day she returns home to find her husband dead on the kitchen floor. Her teenage daughter explains that she stabbed him to prevent him raping her. At this point Almodvar diverges from what would be a normal director's path into increasing irreality.  Raimunda does not even consider reporting the death to the authorities (though there is a strong anarchistic streak in Spanish cinema) and instead with the help of a wild, larger than life neighbor, who doubles as the local prostitute, decides to freeze and then dispose of the body.However, the world outside her family seems non-existent. Crucially, apart from the scene in which she recounts the murder, her daughter seems virtually psychologically unaffected. Death stalks the film in a number of guises. Raimunda's parents have been killed in a mysterious fire. Her sister is dying of cancer. There are suggestions her daughter is not hers by her husband etc etc, soap opera elements. Increasingly her mother (Carmen Maura) reappears as a highly realistic ghost.  \\"Volver\\" in Spanish means \\"coming back\\" and that could of course refer to the return of the mother, but more than most I felt this film merited a second viewing,if only because of the extremely enigmatic ending with the key phrase \\"Ghosts don't cry\\". If you give it one you may decide to question and re-interpret much of it.  Details continued to baffle me. For example why did the director concentrate so much on the realistic detail of her cleaning up after the \\"murder\\". Maybe that was just double irony, and there's a long andrather tedious episode involving her various lies to her employer. It's a pity all the same that Almodovar's films are no longer reaching a wider audience as they are always intriguing.
B0063GORYU|3.0|simple game with a twist.  enjoyed many hours playing. not your everyday solitaire game. it gives you a bit of a challenge.
B0063IH60K|5.0|terrific version with good features. easy to use and very enjoyable. love having this as knee of my apps. nicely. done Mobility.
B00005J6UP|5.0|you know how when you are involved in an auto accident....the 1st thing you do is call a lawyer....and hope he s jewish?....know what i mean?  well the same thing is going on here. what happens when you let a jewish producer call the shots?  ANSWER; you get kids swearing.....defying standard christian principles . and that is what makes this film \\"required viewing\\" for kids. im alm certain that if you live outside a convent.....eventually your child will be exposed to various forms of swearing. how refreshing it is to watch a group of young friends come together on such a grande scale adventure.....its entertaining....and im in my 40s.  just cant miss with this one.
B00479SVBU|4.0|I like the clarity and the MMI ... but the shuffle feature is pretty poor ... in an hour I heard the same song multiple times, and this happened routinely.  I'll keep it, but buy a different one for the second vehicle.
B002ZG99J0|1.0|I took Zyprexa for two years for psychosis. This film doesn't even care what psychosis is, much less the drug olanzapine, or the brand of it called Zyprexa, which Rebecca is supposed to be taking and isn't, hence her antisocial, dependent, and psychopathic behavior. The film implies without any ambiguity that the medication is to keep her from being dependent or criminal. But Zyprexa would do absolutely nothing whatsoever for either of those things, making this film totally retarded.<br /><br />Pro tip: Psychosis=/=Psychopathy. Psychosis is things like hallucinations, delusions, unintelligible speech, and the like. Talking with a psychotic person is often impossible because they can't think coherently, much less plan a murder. They'd have a hard enough time planning a single sentence in a lot of cases. Yet this film turns Zyprexa (which is properly called olanzapine because Zyprexa is a brand, not a chemical composition, but is faked on the prop bottle when you see it on-screen) into an anti-antisocial drug, or anti-psychopathy drug. If Rebecca actually suffered from psychosis and refused to take Zyprexa for it, she couldn't form a coherent thought, much less scheme to kill all the people threatening her relationship with her roommate. She'd be overtly and obviously out of her mind and wouldn't have the mental capacity to hide it. Psychosis, clinically, literally means a break with reality, so she would have no idea her behavior is strange--if she were bipolar or schizophrenic and not taking medication for it which she would need, she wouldn't be going to school at all.<br /><br />That's not the same thing as psychopathy, which is what she is in this film: a psychopath. Psychopathy makes it feel okay to do grossly immoral, criminal, and antisocial acts, without any remorse whatsoever. That's psychopathy, not psychosis. Zyprexa would do absolutely nothing about that, particularly considering that psychopathy is an extreme form of antisocial personality disorder, not a psychotic disorder, two totally different things, neither of which is portrayed even remotely accurately in the film.<br /><br />The weird thing is, the film says it's to treat schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Well, that's true, Zyprexa can be used to treat either of those, so at least they got that right. Except Rebecca doesn't appear to suffer from either of those conditions in any way whatsoever. She's a little moody, but definitely not to a pathological level. She has literally zero symptoms of schizophrenia or bipolar disorder, at least to a pathological degree. She's clearly antisocial and also dependent, and Zyprexa would do nothing for either of those things. There is no drug in the world that cures personality disorders like dependence and antisociality/criminality. This is the equivalent of Rebecca taking Xanax for her behavior, since the effects would be almost identical: They'd both be insanely sedating, but that's it. She'd still be doing what she does in the film whether or not she was taking the drug as prescribed, and she'd still be an intelligent, calculating psychopath.<br /><br />I was all hyped up for this film for its premise, but it ends up sucking because of the \\"twist\\" about Rebecca that makes exactly zero sense of any kind. Maybe if I weren't savvy about psychology and neurology beforehand, I could ignorantly buy into this trash, but it ends up being exploitative and ludicrously stupid. Seriously, Rebecca would never go near a college campus if she had this; she'd be far more likely to be in a criminal institution, not taking some goddamned medication that isn't even for the conditions she displays in the film. Also, if she displayed this kind of grossly criminal behavior before, why did they still send her to a college campus with a roommate and just trust that she'd take her medication, and everything would be fine?<br /><br />Is it me, or is bipolar disorder starting to become synonymous with violent tendencies, despite that being complete and total nonsense? This isn't the first piece of media that displays manic-depression as something identical to criminal violence and lack of impulse control, neither of which is even remotely connected to it. If anything, a manic-depressive, during a fit of major depression, would try to kill themselves, but it has nothing to do with impulse control or violent tendencies. It's weird how even after the fictitious A Beautiful Mind ruined everyone's idea of what schizophrenia is (and still managed to win a best picture Oscar) we're still viewing mental illness as the equivalent of an urge to commit homicide. I guess that's next on our list of things in the future to \\"tolerate\\".mplete and total nonsense? This isn't the first piece of media that displays manic-depression as something identical to criminal violence and lack of impulse control, neither of which is even remotely connected to it. If anything, a manic-depressive, during a fit of major depression, would try to kill themselves, but it has nothing to do with impulse control or violent tendencies. It's weird how even after the fictitious A Beautiful Mind ruined everyone's idea of what schizophrenia is (and still managed to win a best picture Oscar) we're still viewing mental illness as the equivalent of an urge to commit homicide. I guess that's next on our list of things in the future to \\"tolerate\\".
B0054JZC6E|3.0|ok game Only doing this to get points. Don't have anything else to say just typing to have enough words
B005K17RU0|5.0|This app is wayyyy better than the weather channel more accurate as well and ia so much raiser to understand.
0061122416|5.0|There is so much to take from this book and so many lessons to learn from what seems to appear as a simple story. I thought it was brilliant and will no doubt reread over and over again. Loved it
B005LAJ1H2|5.0|Nucky Thompson/Steve Buscemi faces a showdown in Atlantic City. His mentor, the mentor's son, the son's mother, and Nucky's own brother are conspiring to topple him. An ambitious Assistant State Attorney is in pursuit for murder and all kinds of charges. His old mini-nemesis, the fanatic prohibition agent thinks he can get at him now. His consort Margaret rethinks her relationship with the church..<br />Of course nothing is easy.<br />I can't remember any more entertaining melodramatic soap. Superb.
0300169787|5.0|Brought this book for my daughter, she loves it. It has beautiful pictures. A Great tribute to a brilliant designer.
B006IGZWB2|5.0|I read the book first, which I loved. I usually think books are better than the movie version but that wasn't the case here - I thought the movie was equally good. The story and power of the human spirit is very moving and inspiring. There is some superb acting in this movie so it draws you into each and every character. This is a movie I've watched multiple times and each time I love it even more than the last.
B006GG1KOC|5.0|I don't have kids, but got it for when I'm with my nieces and nephews. I find myself playing it too. Easy and fun!
B00275EHJG|1.0|Our 4 year old loved TS1, TS2, Cars and other Pixar movies.  This one not at all!  He did not smile or laugh once during the entire movie, just said it was too long.<br /><br />I don't get the mindset at Disney and Pixar with this one.  Like others, I found TS3 very dark and depressing, and I certainly do appreciate the sentimentality around Andy growing up.  Oh, and why does Disney need to try to numb our minds with 6+ trailers!<br /><br />We wasted our time and money on this one, don't waste yours!
B0050DZN4K|5.0|Wonderful magazine style app for flipping through the web. Glossy, elegant, and my go to place to discover interesting content.  This is what my Kindle Fire was made for.
B004J4WLPU|5.0|This book starts off as a page turner from the very first sentence.  There's something about Lupton's writing that draws you and makes you refuse to leave.  \\"Sister\\" is one of those rare books where you want to find out what happens as quickly as possible while hoping you can make it last as long as possible.  Normally I would start my review with a plot summary and semi-analysis, but I also believe in keeping all reviews spoiler free, so I'm choosing to skip this step of my review.  So much goes on during this story, and the plot is revealed in such a brilliant way, one layer at a time, that I don't want to risk giving even a small secret away and ruining the excitement of finding out for yourself.  The superficial plot you can find out from the jacket.  Beatrice goes back to her home country of England after her sister goes missing only to find her sister has died.  The rest of the book is Beatrice trying to discover if her sister was really murdered, and if she was, who killed her.<br /><br />The characters in this book are revealed brilliantly.  Beatrice is the narrator, so everyone is revealed through her eyes, but because she is investigating her sisters death most people get a thorough analysis.  Although her perspective changes as more layers of the mystery start to come off.  It's amazing the way Lupton is able to show the different players in the mystery as Beatrice's perspective of them, and her life, changes through the lens of her sister's death.  The perspective is not only believable, but it pulls you in and makes you feel like you're inside Beatrice's head, feeling her pain, anger, and frustration.  Lupton also creates a very believable, and emotional, relationship between sisters Beatrice and Tess.  Every aspect of their relationship is very real, from the frustrations and the love to the bond that crosses continents.  She creates a genuine bond that grows as the story unfolds, and if you've ever had a sister, brother, or best friend, it will hit home.  Not only is this a story about Tess's mysterious death, but it's also the story about the strong bonds of sisterhood and what we're willing to do to make sure those bonds stay in tact.<br /><br />Lupton writes from the first person perspective of Beatrice and the style is very effective.  Not only does it make for a stunning ending that will leave you thinking long after you've read the final page, but it makes everything  seem more real.  This isn't just a story being told by an anonymous narrator, it isn't someone reading off a report, it isn't even a drama played out in a court room.  This is Beatrice's life.  She makes mistakes, she accuses the wrong person, she isn't careful and calculating like Sherlock Holmes, waiting to point a finger only when she knows without a doubt who is at fault.  Beatrice is human.  She's flawed.  And Lupton shows that on every page.  This adds another element to the story that makes it so phenomenal.  There are no plot holes, no rush to the finish, no nearly wrapped ending that leaves you feeling disappointed.  Everything about this book hits its mark.  Lupton has created a suspense classic and I can't wait for her new book (which is previewed in the back of \\"Sister\\") when it comes out April of this year.nly is this a story about Tess's mysterious death, but it's also the story about the strong bonds of sisterhood and what we're willing to do to make sure those bonds stay in tact.  Lupton writes from the first person perspective of Beatrice and the style is very effective.  Not only does it make for a stunning ending that will leave you thinking long after you've read the final page, but it makes everything  seem more real.  This isn't just a story being told by an anonymous narrator, it isn't someone reading off a report, it isn't even a drama played out in a court room.  This is Beatrice's life.  She makes mistakes, she accuses the wrong person, she isn't careful and calculating like Sherlock Holmes, waiting to point a finger only when she knows without a doubt who is at fault.  Beatrice is human.  She's flawed.  And Lupton shows that on every page.  This adds another element to the story that makes it so phenomenal.  There are no plot holes, no rush to the finish, no nearly wrapped ending that leaves you feeling disappointed.  Everything about this book hits its mark.  Lupton has created a suspense classic and I can't wait for her new book (which is previewed in the back of \\"Sister\\") when it comes out April of this year.
1439181780|4.0|have not finished reading it yet but so far pretty good with valuable additional material. I think if you liked the secret you'll definitely also like this book to.
0307592839|5.0|I absolutely loved this book. It is one of my new favorites partially due to the nostalgic feelings the punk/music scene brought me which weaves throughout the book. I really respected how the author was able to develop the characters in such short chapters. You end up really caring about them and wondering what happens to them. I like that some people were left open-ended, much like people in life are. Overall, a well written and interesting book!
0393327345|5.0|After watching the movie for the sixth or seventh time, I finally decided to read the book and this is one of those times where the book really IS better than the movie. I like how the endings were slightly different so it gives me an alternate reality for the characters I've learned to enjoy so much. It's a really fast paced read (and I'm not a fast reader) so it's a book you can reasonably finish in a week or less if you're looking for quickie read.
B004GJDQT8|5.0|I buy absolutelly everytging here, from books to movies and accesories. Everything!! Love it.!!! It works great on my EVO. Pretty accesible. Absolutely great.
B000099T2L|5.0|I think the original debut is still Beyonce's best album. I prefer this one over the others. I have I Am...Sasha Fierce and 4. The only one I don't have is B'Day. I think Dangerously in Love is STILL the best out of all 4 of Beyonce's albums. I don't know what it is, but I think the formula that made \\"Dangerously In Love\\" a great album worked. The music sounded much better than her most recent work. Wish Beyonce would go back to these types of songs, they had substance, but not so much now., she's fallen off within the last couple of years. I've had this CD since 2003 and I STILL listen to it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this was a really fun game but it got a little frustrating when I couldn't get enough points to unlock a game.
B005TBWN0K|5.0|it is the most fun ive had drawing. la la la la la la la la la la la la la la L la la la
0307719774|2.0|There's only a couple of tiny lines to answer these questions, and the book itself--as someone else noted, is the size of a woman's hand.  If you just want to jot down very quick snippets then it's perfect, but if you want to really write down more than a couple of sentences, then this book is not for you.  It's not really a journal, it's a jotter (sorry).
B0050KEVO6|4.0|This is such a fun game. I had my whole office playing and competing to see who could unlock what. The only problem is after a while you get stuck on what to combine and it becomes less fun. Great game to kill time and see what you can \\"create\\", sadly after a while it does get a little boring/frustration as others have said.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|gdgsygs dye gs dusgys shg dhzvs shahs syshz disuse rush gets hdhdhshsbdvdhgdg dhsgshvs she dud shs he db dhdj dud c f f f. d d ydhs dhdgd dhdhdb xhxhd dudgeon hdh dhh dhg dh he dh dh sh h's hshsgs d d. d d. d dd d s s
0385534639|5.0|I just finished the book on CD, and I found it lovely, moving, haunting and simply magical.  A great novel.  I highly recommend this read to anyone who liked Harry Potter or Cornelia Funke's books.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun game. we enjoy playing it. levels are not to easy or to hard. my kids love playing this game.
0316044695|2.0|I have a passion for military history and war memoirs, but Luttrell's is a little different.  Many of the reviewers cite Luttrell's fiercely opinionated views on his country and enemies as a turn-off for readers. I'll confess that I wasn't crazy about it, but fully acknowledge that he and I have had very different experiences. What bothered me, was the way the book was ghost-written. They make no effort to hide Robinson's hand in this, but everything is told through Luttrell's voice.  The book read far too much like fiction, despite being all too real. Narration is unconvincing when the true character is unable to express it without help. It sounded almost like a parody of a Southern, uber-patriotic American serviceman. It was as though those backing the book were so concerned about having a \\"genuine\\" soldier that they went way over the top; the text borders on satire.  But underneath the laborious racial epithets and heavy-handed love of God and country is a very interesting tale. No matter who tells it or how the narration could be improved, Luttrell really does have a hell of a survival tale to his name - I just wish he'd been the one to tell it.
B006PERRMY|1.0|Very Disappointing ! The concept is good but - the acting is 2nd rate and the script is sign posted, cheesy and lame . The graphics are laughable, though that clearly wasn't the intention.  It focuses heavily on Justin, if your a die hard fan of his you will love it, otherwise it will probably make you queasy. It starts off ok but gets lamer, everyone in the room where I was watching the film was rolling their eyes and mocking the movie by half way, and were struggling to see the movie through to finish. Lots of cliche scenes that are hilarious though not in a good way.  On the subject, you wont get the 2 hours back, it just isn't worth it.
B006AZZPCM|4.0|I use this for music. It works just fine. But I keep getting update request that aren't from amazon. DONT UPDATE PEOPLE!!! IGNORE!!! Ummm what else....oh and the other day it stopped working.  Couldn't get id and all that stuff. When that happens go under your menu and click preference.  Then click fix search problem. It should work again :D Good luck.
B000063CMK|5.0|This album is very moving. Its powerful lyrics and incredible musicianship are emotionally transformative. I've yet to give this album a serious listen and not have it leave me emotionally wiped; melancholy but at peace.
B004LWZW9C|5.0|My daughter and I saw this movie and it was really good. I can't wait till it comes out. Jon Bon Jovi was awesome and so handsome. This movie I won't get tired of watching this one. I liked all the little stories. never boring and cute
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This was my 3rd of 4 (so far) albums that I have bought by British Metal Band Iron Maiden, but this was the 1st one I listened to all the way through. The other albums so far are Powerslave, Number of the Beast, & Seventh Son of a Seventh Son (1st, 2nd, & 4th albums I purchased respectively). I've heard songs from all of them and they sound great but this album just had a special quality that drew me in to listen to all of it! Brave New World is definitely a must for all Metalheads out there!  The Songs:  They are definitely a heavy metal band, but here, they have songs structured and lengthy enough to fall into the progressive metal genre. This album has great progressive elements particularly on \\"Dream of Mirrors\\".  1. \\"The Wicker Man\\"- I'm getting tired of buying a new album & not being able to continue listening to the album because the 1st song is TOO CATCHY AND AWESOME TO CONTINUE! This song is another one of those! It has good melody and a good riff! This one is classic Maiden. All fans should be satisfied with this one.  2. \\"Ghost of Navigators\\"- This one and the next one are similar to each other because they start off with the verse melody on guitar softly at the beginning but progress to be some big, epic song with that melody in the verses. This chorus is pretty solid, but isn't the best, & the next one is a bit of a let down. Both are good & I wouldn't be able to choose one over the other.  3. \\"Brave New World\\"- Like I said in the last song, this one and the previous one are similar in structure, but are GREAT, not bad at all, except their choruses are lacking a bit (both choruses lack somewhat, but this one is just a let down.) Great song, though. I like it.  4. \\"Blood Brothers\\"- I like this one. It's a ballad that has a triplet feel and it goes very nicely. I like the chorus of this one a lot for its emotion and melody. They certainly are not slackers when it comes to ballads. This is definitely a keeper. I love this one!  5. \\"Mercenary\\"- This one could grow a bit more in the future, but for now, I just don't feel it. It sounds nice, but ehh...not too good. It's just too repetitive for Iron Maiden. That's just my opinion, but some may find it to be good.  6. \\"Dream of Mirrors\\"- Along with \\"The Wicker Man\\", this is probably my favorite song on the album. They keep a slow rocker feel for the beginning 6 minutes and then BOOM! They pick up the tempo just when you thought it was gonna get boring for the last 3 minutes! They do a nice, long guitar solo, a sped-up chorus and lots of catchy vocalizing. I really like this song. I'm a fan of progressive metal acts such as Dream Theater, Symphony X, Stratovarius, Kamelot, and Epica. This ranks up there with some of their better songs! Great, great job Iron Maiden!  7. \\"The Fallen Angel\\"- A rocker in the triplet feel like \\"Blood Brothers\\" but this one isn't a ballad. This is a metal song! A very nice one, too. I like the chorus in this one very much. Bruce Dickinson is becoming a favorite vocalist of mine. And to boot, here he doesn't even have the range of the glory days! But don't think I don't like the rest of the band! They are quickly becoming another favorite of mine as well. This song just helps that. Great job!  8. \\"The Nomad\\"- This song is pretty good and might grow more on me in the future, but for now it's just a long song with a nice rockin' riff. It's got a very unique riff and I feel that it defines the song. It's good overall but just a tad bit bland over the 9 minutes that it lasts. Good, but bland.  9. \\"Out of the Silent Planet\\"- This and \\"The Wicker Man\\" were the 2 singles of this album and this one is a good choice just like \\"The Wicker Man\\". The opening is the chorus over an acoustic guitar and then it becomes a powerful rocker with some grade-A vocals and musicianship. I really do like this one's chorus and I find that this album as a whole is very good.  10. \\"The Thin Line Between Love and Hate\\"- Ok, I think what makes this song so likable for me is the fact that it's way different from your typical Iron Maiden song. For those of you who like Symphony X, this song is comparable to \\"The Accolade\\". It has a cool melody that Bruce Dickinson makes his own when he sings it and it is just overall a great song. I think this was a great song and that it ends the album very nicely. So with this song, this gives the album 4 long songs: (\\"Long songs\\" in my book are songs over 6 min.) \\"Blood Brothers\\", \\"Dream of Mirrors\\", \\"The Nomad\\", and this one. The best of these are \\"Dream of Mirrors\\" & this one for their originality, musicianship, and emotion. This song and \\"Dream of Mirrors\\" definitely are some great, memorable songs and I encourage fans of Iron Maiden to check these out before anything else (Except maybe the singles, because those are more accessible).  Verdict- This is a stellar release by Iron Maiden and my first full listen from them. I would recommend this album specifically to new fans of them, fans of Progressive metal acts such as Dream Theater, Symphony X, Kamelot, Stratovarius, & Epica, and fans of classic 80's rock & metal. This is a must! You will not be disappointed with this album! Buy it and give it about 5 or 6 listens to hear the changes Maiden has done and you will be satisfied.
B005HSL626|1.0|I would of given this game a higher rating but it 'would not respond'. I have played this game before and it was really fun but I was hummed out that it crashed:(  :(
B000002JPA|5.0|Eight years after first hearing this album I keep coming back to it. This continues to be one of the most beautiful, moving albums I own. Heavy, deep, emotional, without been graphic, screechy or crude. This album is so good I have difficulty finding albums like it to add to my circulation. If you like this album you might also like Remedy Lane by Pain of Salvation.
B005I6EVUG|3.0|I love the cover except for one thing it does not close so if it should fall you don't know if your kindle would be safe.
B0063GORYU|3.0|ok. find it fun and mind teasing. at times could not ask for much more and if I did who would actually. listen
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This is an amazing game that you can get 119 games in just one app to download for free. Awesome game to play anytime.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its an ok app. the games are not too challenging but there's a lot of them. all in all you cant find a better free app
1609419693|1.0|This book is not funny or enjoyable to read.  A real disappointment. Bossypants should be called boring pants. I hope Tina is not planning on moving to books for here sake.
0887306667|5.0|This book contains a number of blurbs that identify it as \\"the best book on marketing ever written.\\" While I wouldn't go that far, it's a fantastic, provocative read that's full of valuable insights in only a little over 130 pages. I can see why James Malinchak re-reads this book every year -- it's worth it! Many thanks to him for recommending it.<br /><br />Grael Norton, Senior Faculty, AuthorsAcademy.com
0525478817|5.0|I do not cry during books. Or at least I had not until I picked up this book. I've followed John and Hank for the past year or so, and in this time, I had not picked up one of John's novels. I generally do not like young adult fiction, but because I felt I was not giving John a chance, I ordered this book and gave it a shot.  I have just finished this book. I literally could not put it down to stop reading it.  I laughed, I cried, and I think all I've got to say is that I wish that there were more girls out there looking for an Augustus Waters than an Edward Cullen.
B004RSCWZ2|1.0|I have never been more disappointed in a CD than I was with this one. I put this CD on my wish list at amazon.com, and a relative bought it for me as a gift. I thought it was going to be Derek Trucks singing. I was sure fooled. He doesn't sing in any of the songs. I love to hear him and did not want to hear the woman that did the singing.
B0000041LO|5.0|This is digital morning sunshine.  Consistently superb from track to track.  Astounding recording, brilliant playing.  Never boring for a second. Pleasant but never insipid.  Why isn't this music playing everywhere we go? It would be a far better world if it was.  Haydn just became one of my favorite composers.
1423136802|5.0|This is a creative and entertaining book series. If you like greek mythology you will enjoy the story that the author has fused with modern times.
B004UID2LC|5.0|Great app l would reccomend it to every one. Get any youtube video you want and transfer it to music
0440241901|4.0|We all occasionally need books like Can You Keep A Secret. No, it was not complex, meaningful, or particularly well-written, but it was entertaining and funny, and I found myself having a hard time putting it down. Sometimes it feels good to escape into the life of an \\"ordinary, nothing special girl\\" with all the trials and tribulations of snarky fellow employees, roommates, family, and of course, old and new romances. I liked Emma, the main character, and wanted things to turn out well for her (an ending you can always count on in this genre, but honestly not something I wanted for the annoying Becky of the Shopaholic books). One reviewer complained about too many secondary characters, but aren't our real lives filled with these?  The book reads quickly, so with the cost of less than a day, I enjoyed a mini-vacation away from my professional life in Oregon. We all need these types of escapes sometimes, no matter whether your preferred genre is mystery, romance, or fantasy. I may not brag about this being the latest book I read, but if I know someone that likes this genre, I would recommend it - my definition of 4 stars.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app! I now have it on my phone and my kindle fire. it is super easy to use and nice to be able to flip to different versions to compare.. this is my favorite Bible app that I have found.. very useful!
1849386684|5.0|I am more of a fingerstyle guitarist so I prefer to devote more of my practice time on that rather than strumming. However, I don't want to neglect that skill or at least the ability to strum out some singalong tunes if the occasion calls for it.<br />Justin's Beginner's Songbook is the perfect tool to help me practice strumming patterns while learning some singalong tunes.<br /><br />Contrary to some other reviewers of this book, I like the book's set-up. New chords are given at the beginning at each stage only. There isn't a section that gives you chord diagrams so it forces you to memorize chord diagrams as you progress through the book rather than rely on convenient chord diagrams above every lyric. It isn't a chord reference book so if you're looking for that, there are plenty of cheap ones on Amazon or even free on the internet.<br /><br />The chord name is given above the words of the lyrics and on the corresponding page Justin gives his recommended strumming pattern as well as some tips and trivia. There are other chord strum-a-long books out there but most of them usually just give the chords and the lyrics and not much else. You definitely get a bit more with this book. That being said, if you are familiar with Justin's videos, there really isn't anything new in the book from what he says/does in his videos. So if you are looking for something new, you may be disappointed. I purchased this mainly because I am a visual learner and seeing strumming patterns and lyrics right in front of me makes learning a lot easier (as opposed to watching Justin's videos over and over again). If you have surpassed the beginner level in Justin's guitar course, I'd recommend skipping this.<br /><br />The song selection is great! With 100 songs, there is something for everyone across every skill level. Artists like Taylor Swift, Eric Clapton, Otis Redding, Don MacLean, Bob Marley and Johnny Cash are represented in the selection.<br /><br />I definitely recommend using this book with Justin's free online videos on YouTube or on his website as it gives the book's lessons more context.<br /><br />I ordered this book through a third-party seller supposedly located in Indiana, USA. Dispatch was quick but it took a while to arrive because it actually was shipped from overseas. As of this writing, Amazon doesn't offer this title directly but don't let that stop you.<br /><br />Highly recommended for beginners really looking to develop their skills and creativity.k with Justin's free online videos on YouTube or on his website as it gives the book's lessons more context.<br /><br />I ordered this book through a third-party seller supposedly located in Indiana, USA. Dispatch was quick but it took a while to arrive because it actually was shipped from overseas. As of this writing, Amazon doesn't offer this title directly but don't let that stop you.<br /><br />Highly recommended for beginners really looking to develop their skills and creativity.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is great cool the more u play the more money you win for more games you cant best that.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Plays smoothly on my Kindle Fire.  I'm fond of Spider for when I need stressless distraction. Actually has better features than my laptop version.
B0061JPYX2|5.0|I still feel sad that we lost Amy Winehouse all too soon; these songs are wonderful and I can just imagine the new heights she would have scaled if she had lived longer! On this posthumous album there's not a bad song in the lot. While the music that accompanies her is nothing short of perfect, the spotlight remains on Amy and her vocal prowess all the way through.<br /><br />I particularly enjoy her reggae approach to \\"Our Day Will Come;\\" this gives the album an auspicious beginning and it grabs my attention, making me want to hear this and the rest over and over again! Other songs I also really like include \\"Between the Cheats;\\" \\"Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow\\" which Amy nails better than practically anyone I've ever heard perform it; \\"Like Smoke\\" with NAS; Amy's take on what (in her hands) becomes an especially memorable \\"The Girl from Ipanema;\\" \\"Halftime\\" which is a true stunner; \\"Body and Soul\\" which she did with Tony Bennett and the incredibly sensitive, emotional ballad, \\"A Song for You\\" with Amy breathing new life into it as she sings straight from her heart.<br /><br />Amy Winehouse fans owe it to themselves to get this CD for their music collections. She performs with her singularly beautiful style and she never lets go of a single superfluous note! In fact, these songs are all so well done that this album also makes a fine starting point for newcomers just discovering Amy's talent.<br /><br />The liner notes include photos of Amy, brief essays by Mark Ronson and SaLaAM ReMi, the lyrics to the songs and more.<br /><br />R.I.P., Amy--and thank you! We will never forget you!
B005XQLBU4|4.0|This is one great little game. its well worth the download. I hope that continue to create updates so it will stay fresh.
B004E5D2M0|5.0|I am so happy with my purchase. I ordered my DVD collection on Christmas Day and it arrived within 4 days. I was so happy. Got it just in time to watch almost the whole series before my vacation was over. The DVD collection was AWESOME and the seller was amazing! I was a little upset when I saw shipping would take about 2 weeks but I was very pleasantly surprised when my package arrived in the mail in 4 days. I have absolutely no complaints!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|very great. fun for house. amazing on kindle fire. unlimited fun for all ages.  great games to play with or without people
034552554X|5.0|A beautifully written first novel. The protagonist grabs your heart on the first page and never lets go. A testament to the human spirit and our need to connect to other human beings.
B006GHA9QQ|5.0|Yeah! The purist will say LND is actually an aggravation to Phantom. However, having seen the rewritten London production less than a year ago, I cannot help but think that the show DOES INDEED have the makings of a spectacular musical. Yes, the story is gooey and reminds one of the soft-focus plot twists of many soap operas but having said this, let me share my appreciation of the show. I went in knowing fully well that ALW had had the whole thing redone in London. I was aware of the lame reviews by critics (which, if you have been following the development of ALW's musicals, are ALWAYS there, from JSC to Evita, Cats, Sunset, Song and Dance, ... you name it, they all got AWFUL reviews but the public spoke and they all became hugh hits). Contrary to what had been the norm in previous ALW musicals (say The Beautiful Game, Whistle Down the Wind or The Woman in White) the score of LND is simply magnificent. Except for a recurring theme from Phantom, you cannot trace most of the melodies to previous ALW works. There are some impressive orchestrations, Sierra and Karim are just EXCEPTIONAL performers (and the fact that they stuck with it through thick and thin attests to their belief in the show) and the rest of the ensemble gave a very entertaining performance. The sets are just breathtaking as are the visual effects, the costumes and the choreography. So, what is it that made this show such a disappointment to many? Maybe it was the tinkering with the original Leroux story, maybe it was making both the characters of Phantom and Christine really human (yes, the \\"did it\\" like two teenagers on prom night and yes, there were consequences) or maybe it was just that everyone expected to see Phantom II when there were clear warnings in the program book that this was not a sequel to Phantom but a story that borrows some of the characters and reinvents them. My take on it was that I spent a delightful evening of musical theater, saw a top-quality show with amazing performances,beautiful music and an overall excellent production which were all worth the money I paid (which was a lot, actually). I am now looking forward to the DVD and I hope to enjoy it as much as I enjoyed the show.
B0068TL23G|5.0|Superman75 actually thinks this is a GPS system sorry but although the title says Router it is really a game! Oh and I love this game!
B0002VFXFE|5.0|This stuff is great! Had a cooling problem with my 3.4ghz dual core Intel CPU, replaced the thermal compound with Arctic Silver 5, and realized an immediate 20 degree drop in cpu temperature! Even after some serious computing, several hundred hours later, the temp stays well with in the safe zone! The Intel Desktop Utilities temperature alarm has not gone off since using this! All is as cool as a mid-winter day!
B002JIEYL2|5.0|On \\"Sabbath Bloody Sabbath,\\" like any classic Sabbath or early Ozzy solo work, we see Ozzy in his prime. Long before Ozzy Osbourne became a parody of himself, being known to most as an oafish buffoon on a reality show .
0812971825|3.0|I wanted to love this. The 1st book I'd ever read by Elizabeth Strout was Olive Kitteridge and I LOVED, LOVED it, so I had high expectations. Really high expectations, in fact. Maybe this was unrealistic, might even have been unfair, but how could I not? I found the prose itself elegant and flawless. The characters, though, were less engaging for me. Same with the storyline. It was slow going and I had to invoke my daughter's you-must-give-a-book-50-pages rule and then again. At about the halfway mark, I felt like I was finally engaged. More of a struggle than I wanted it to be.
B0063GORYU|5.0|free app that's a lot of fun! Its a great way to keep your mind alert. I suggest others to play!
B004EBUXSA|5.0|I'ts awesome! OC nice and stable, I didnt push more cuz I don't need it (no yet) so will be stock(3.4ghz. It works cool, so this i7 do what its supose to do. Upgrade from intel Core 2 Duo 8500 (great intel beast) to this other beast i7 2600k.
B0064XWI98|2.0|Its was ok....but the original \\"no Idea\\" was sooo much better. :P its by All Time Low if anyone wants to hear it
B006GG1KOC|4.0|Great what's difference game, but after your kid finishes, it forces you to rate...kinda lame. especially because of the 20word review rule.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|I use it as a time killer. makes you use your brain to complete levels. I love all the angry birds games.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is an awesome game! you only start with a few of the games and have to unlock the rest, but its fun and free to unlock the games!
0316098515|5.0|This is a great book.  I can't wait until I get it autographed by the owners of Eleven Madison Park.<br /><br />The layout, the text, the photographs, the perspective on cooking, and what it teaches are extraordinary.  I recommend this book without reservation to any who wish to learn more about five star dining.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|101-in-1 games is so fun it has of coarse 101+18 games. I love it! has no bugs and fun so get the app right now
1401307450|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this autobiography. Normally a rockstars childhood and teen years are a bore and half, but Anthony's younger days were a trip! I guess if you grow up in CA with a drug dealer for a father, your life would turn out a little more interesting than the next guys. His honesty throughout the whole book was refreshing and it really read (in my opinion) like a novel. I was hoping for the happy ending with him riding off into the sunset with his fair maiden. A great read with some great photos.
B0068TL23G|5.0|Fun game. Completed it in about 5 minutes. I think it will be more challenging for my 8 year old daughter.
076531178X|5.0|I first heard of the Mistborn Trilogy after reviewing NPR's Top 100 Sci-fi and Fantasy books.  One day, I found myself about to go to hair appointment without my kindle.  The thought of not having anything to read besides soul sucking beauty magazines was just too much to bear, so I ran into a poorly stocked mini Barnes & Noble to find anything worth reading.  I looked for the second installment of The Blade Itself trilogy (I had just finished the first book) but of course they didn't have it in stock.  Then my brain pulled up a book from the NPR list...Mistborn.  And so I bought it.  And then five days later I finished it.  It was pretty dang captivating.  I won't go into the plot here, since so many other people have done so in the 300+ other reviews.  This was my first book by Sanderson, but it will not be my last.  Mistborn grabbed me from page one, with its likeable heroes and heroines, plus several plot twists that I just did not see coming.  Maybe that was because I was reading at 2 am and delirious, because I couldn't put the book down.  Usually I wake up early for 6 am yoga class, but my addition to Mistborn effectively ruined my yoga classes for a solid work week.  But oh yeah, it was worth it!  For once I am happy I was without my kindle, or else I wouldn't have needed to purchase a new book.  And then I wouldn't have read Mistborn for a few more years!
B0068TL23G|5.0|Plain and simple, a great, fun, addictive puzzle game. Awesome work!!! Looking toward to more titles from park3mobile! Just cleared the first 12 boards on to the next one.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This is the best remote desktop I have ever used for android. With the addition of connection via 3g/4G and other WiFi I think it will stay that way for a while. It works beautifully on my EVO 4G, EVO 3d, and Nook Tablet. Excellent for having complete access to just about anything on your desktop, including software. I rarely use the now second best remote; TeamViewer.
B004PGO25O|4.0|This is a very quick read that gives you a set of steps to follow to create whatever creative work you need to do. The steps to follow are simple, and he gives accordingly simple instructions.<br /><br />The simplicity should not be overlooked as a negative thing here. These are very important steps every creative needs to take to get through their fight against their own inner resistance. Sometimes that resistance is obvious, and we know it. But other times that resistance is more subtle, and we think we're doing a good thing by quitting a project we really want to do by letting us justify it or talk our way out of it.<br /><br />I'm glad this was a short book, as he could easily have droned on endlessly through many more chapters to make it like a full-length book, but there was really no need. His brevity both covers everything, and doesn't give you the opportunity to get lost in noise. You could just pull out the steps and write them on a single sheet of foolscap.<br /><br />If you follow this short guide, you can get through any creative project, no matter the medium of your particular craft.<br /><br />I haven't read any of his other books, though I've heard good things about them. This was just the first one to come through my reading list. But I will definitely be reading more of his work.
B00009ATIX|5.0|This movie will not resonate with the average person. It's just too strange, too slowly paced, too \\"artsy.\\" But for someone who cannot stand another sci-fi movie dependent upon explosions and war-mongering aliens, with a cheesy romance thrown in for good measure, Solaris is like 2001: A Space Oddyssey is to Independence Day.  I never got around to watching this film until recently. I've heard nothing but good things both about the book and the original film, and many mixed and polarizing opinions about this version. After viewing it, I think a lot of polarization comes from the fact that Solaris does not play to the typical American moviegoer. Without trying to be negative, the average American wants escapist filmmaking where explosions and mind-numbing plots provide emotional release from the high strung life typical in American society. Solaris is the antithesis to that in every way. Solaris requires effort from the viewer, it requires their undivided attention, and it requires them to piece the plot together, make sense of it, and draw conclusions about it. A lot of people would find this intimidating.  The right viewer will see Solaris for what it is; a daring artistic film about humanity, what that means, and the ironies of choice and love. Almost every review of this film will give you plot details so I'm trying instead to explain why this film is so good and why only certain people see that. So very few films evoke the kinds of raw emotion Solaris draws from the viewer, and while the film requires a good deal of imagination, the story has a haunting beauty to it that surpasses the majority of sci-fi flicks ever made.  In short, Solaris is the kind of \\"high art\\" that is missing from so many modern American films, and it's nice to see something so cerebrally challenging amongst a sea of brain dead films.
B004ECDNJU|3.0|This game is fun, and certainly addicting for a while. The framrate is nice on my EVO 4G and EVO 3d, but I don't know if I would buy it. I got it on the day that it was free.
B0064MT1FI|3.0|In some ways this was a tough movie to watch, but it definitely holds your interest.  The acting is very good, with each of the three main characters (Holly, Sam and Harvey) really creating their character.  Holly hunter plays a young woman who is mute since she was 6 for no known reason.  Her husband has just died as the movie starts.  Her family arranges her marriage to the character played by Sam Neill who lives in New Zealand.  So she leaves England for New Zealand with her 8 year old daughter and her most prized possession, a piano.  Sam Neill is basically an OK guy who has no idea of how to develop a relationship with Holly and proceeds to do everything wrong right from the start.  It is totally obvious to anyone paying any attention that the piano is very important to Holly.  But the situation is rather primative and Sam has brought Maori along as porters for her luggage.  They leave the piano sitting on the beach, without even carrying it to where the surf does not swirl around the legs and Sam will not even promise to come back for it later.  Then right after they get to their new home, Sam leaves for a while to take care of some of his business.  After a little while in the house where she lives, Holly gets Harvey Keitel to take her back to the beach and she spends the day playing the piano.  Harvey watches her and immediately figures out that the key to Holly is her piano.  When they get back, Harvey trades Sam land for the piano and then gets \\"piano lessens\\" from Holly, so he can try to seduce her, which he eventually does.  The best part of the movie is seeing Holly's her beautiful body.  What made the movie hard to watch was Sam really wants to be close to Holly, but does everything wrong.  If he had payed any attention to what was important to her, she would have most likely fallen in love with him, which is what he really wants.  Then, after he has screwed it all up by first completely ignoring how important the piano was to Holly and then trading itto Harvey without her permission, he becomes jealous and vindictive when he finds out she has fallen for Harvey.  At that point he should have just traded her to Harvey (he never has consumated their arrange marriage) for what he really seems to care the most about; more land.  Then he could arrange for another bride from England and hopefully learn from his last mistake.  But of course, that is not what he does do.  There are a few scenes that are tough to watch, but at least the movie ends reasonably well.
B0068TL23G|4.0|Router is very easy to understand - you have to link the same color bubbles to each other without crossing any other path. Seems simple enough but as you progress, the starting/ending bubble location make finding the paths more difficult. It ends up being a fairly challenging puzzle game. No timer means that you can plan your routes out. If you need to restart a level, the \\"restart\\" icon is in the bottom left. You are also able to revist any completed level in case you would like to aim for a better score. Scoring appears to be in relation to the \\"shortest path\\" for a given puzzle. Hints are also available through \\"Star\\" points but they are limited.<br /><br />I had no issues with installing or opening Router on the Kindle Fire. The navigation is not the greatest which is why I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5. Overall though, it's a fun and challenging game.
B0058VW36U|4.0|It is a nice time waster. It does have excellent graphics and frame rate. I'm not sure I would pay for it though, I got turbine the day it was free. EVO 4G and EVO 3d.
B0053VKP8S|5.0|I wanted to use wireless headphones on my new Toshiba 32DT2U TV.  Nothing the salesman suggested worked.  I did some research on Amazon and found someone who used the FiiO digital to Analog Audio Converter to attach headphones to their LCD TV.  I gave it a shot and it worked.  It was simple.  Needed Coaxial Digital Audio Cable and a FiiO D3 Digital to Analog Audio Converter - 192kHz/24bit Optical and Coaxial DAC.  - Attach the Digital Audio Cable to the Digital Audio out jack on the back of the Toshiba 32DT2U LCD TV.  - Plug in the FiiO and connect the other end of the Digital Audio Cable to the FiiO.  - On the FiiO make sure the toggle switch for Digital Audio Cable type is switched to Coaxial.  - Connect your wireless headphones to the R/L connections on the FiiO.  - On the Toshiba menu select Sound ==> Audio setup ==> Digital Output Format and select PCM, then save the change.
B0068TL23G|4.0|I had to stop playing after 10 rounds or so. The game is not challenging at all. It is a cool concept and the game play is smooth. The sounds could change per round or at least alternate.  This game is probably more suited for people who struggle with spatial and/or pattern recognition (teens and younger, maybe?).  If the levels became more challenging more quickly and the audio differed at least every other level, I would give it 5 stars.
B004WGGQPQ|4.0|This works very well on my EVO 4g, EVO 3d, and nook tablet. It responds perfectly to my touch and has a lot of options.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|I thought this was a very good, thought provoking movie. It's definitely an adult movie due to the content that children would not understand.
B006A819AG|5.0|Been a Roots fan for over a decade and I really love the direction of this album, even though it is certainly not typical of their most popular work. It is great to see a group move into different directions and do it well. Great album.
B004SDEP38|3.0|It does work very well. I'm just not sure if it worth the money. It is nice for school, but i don't think it offers much that the average phone can't do anyway.
B003YL4LYI|3.0|The book is well written and classic GRRM - that is about the best thing about it.  The series has gone from a complex intertwined story to a bunch of separate stories folded in the same book. Worse, most of the stories go nowhere.  Both Jon and Danerys stories could have been told more effectively in half the words (or less).  It feels very much like he just needed to fill up the book. I wont recommend that you not buy it, since you have probably already read the other 4 books, just be aware of what you are signing up for.  I probably wont read another in this series until he finishes the series - which may be never.
B005K17RU0|5.0|awesome app. recommended. u enter your area zip.core n tells/shows you racer n future weather.  use it everyday. thanks a lot.
0525478817|5.0|I have been a Nerdfighter for a couple of years now, and may be considered biased here, but I do judge books and music by other Nerdfighters on their own merit - and I must recommend The Fault in Our Stars. Not only is it written in a way that makes you think about the characters in the book, it also sheds some light on topics that aren't really discussed enough. Loss of children, and loss of friends at a young age. He has brought up these topics before, but not in the same way he did here. It is a really good sign when someone can have you crying in one sentence and then laughing at the next.  That is what John Green does very well. He knows how to get to the reader (at least if the reader is me). He makes the book moving, but not just sad, or just funny, for that matter. He genuinely has you caring for and rooting for his characters, and though you might be able to guess the next plot twist, the way in which he writes it, the way he uses the language still makes it surprising.  As I have heard some people say - this book should come with a warning label to prevent you from reading it in public places, as you are likely to cry (at least if you are one of those people who cries whilst reading books).  Definitely worth a read (or several). Would recommend buying it so you get it for the weekend, it's a little bit difficult to put down.
0446530573|5.0|The recipe for Sunday Gravy is the  real deal. Carmella's Baked Ziti is the best! Would be proud to serve any of the dishes to the best of Italian cooks!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is awsome so many games.each one has its own challenge. so much fun. the games aren't so difficult that u can play the same game over an over again trying to beat ur previous record. good luck gamers
B005MYEQ4U|5.0|Received the product promptly; however, the case it came in was broken. Just played it, yesterday and the broken case did not affect the CD, fortunately. Loved the movie.
B001R4CKGU|5.0|George is dying and Tinkers takes us through his few remaining hours.  He lays in a hospital bed in the middle of his living room being watched over by people he no longer knows.  His life randomly flashes through his mind as brief vignettes each giving the reader a special view into his heart.<br /><br />The writing is superb, no wonder Tinkers won the Pulitzer Prize.  With pain numbing drugs swirling through his body, we experience his dying days for ourselves.  George's home is crashing down around him.  Lumber and plaster crashing from the ceiling landing inches from his bed.  All the while his beloved clocks tick, tick, tick soothing him back to sleep.  He loved tinkering with clocks.  Clocks filled his workroom in the basement.  People sought him out from miles away to fix their beloved clocks.<br /><br />Entwined with George is the story of his father who deserted the family after biting George during an epileptic seizure.  His father too had the meticulous habits of a tinkerer.  Through the mind of a dying man, we can learn the purpose of our lives.<br /><br />Tinkers is wonderful.  No wonder it captured the Pulitzer Prize.
B0068TL23G|5.0|This turned out to be a lot of fun. Opened to just check it out and I kept playing. Kids almost missed the bus.
B005V2EVBQ|1.0|Way, way too expensive for a $2 piece of plastic.  I am disappointed you would charge so much for so little.
B0068TL23G|5.0|This is a very fun game. It works with my Samsung Infuse. It has more than 16 chapters. Only morons would rate this a one star.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|The games are challenging and exciting enough for all ages. I love this app and all of the games. Super fun.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the rewards system is annoyingly fun. some of the games are confusing, but soon figured out. overall its a great concept.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|this worked fine on my old phones (moto droid &amp; galaxy s) but will not work on Galaxy Nexus. ICS has been out for awhile now but PopCap has not updated their games at all. considering the price paid for their apps, they should have done it asap. very disappointed in PopCap.
B0063IH60K|5.0|just like classic solitaire on the computer. ive had no issues with the app, very easy to play, either with random deal or winning deal.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|pretty good some are elementary other games are a bit more complicated. over all entertaining.  Hope you enjoy it. have fun.
B0055SWM08|4.0|I  like the games.  they really make you think.  I just wonder if I will eventually get tired of the games because the general concept is all the same.  still, I do like it, and it is certainly worth the price.
B003UPPO2G|4.0|This dvd took me back in time. The Brothers Gibb brought back memories of very special times in my life. It was great, like catching up with old friends.
1592536913|5.0|This book fills the need for a good, comprehensive overview of Steampunk items created by professionals and amateurs. Divided into logical sections, the photos are generally good-sized, clear, and colorful. I might have liked some larger photos for some items or details of others, but it is still a very attractively done book.  If you're looking for a DIY or a descriptive essay book, this isn't what you're looking for. There are already quite a few books of that sort available. So far, this is the first high quality pictorial Steampunk volume I've seen.  If you want to get a broad view of the many kinds of objects & artwork encompassed by the steam style, you'll love this book.
B00008EYA5|5.0|Directed by Clark Johnson, who has directed some great tv shows, this film is a surprising action masterpiece. Again I feel compelled to add my comments, becuase I don't think any of the 5 star reviews that are on Amazon, reflect all the things that make this movie great.  Firstly, let me say that I have watched this film at the cinema, on tv and then I bought it on dvd. It truly is an exercise in how to make a great police action film. The dialogue is great, the tone is right and the direction is spot on.  On top of the great action set pieces, including the opening and closing scenes,there is awesome acting from Mr Jackson, Mr Renner, LL Cool J and the magnetic and always fascinating, Mr Farrell. If you like this I recommend him highly in \\"The Recruit\\".  Finally the music, which no-one else has seemed to highlight, is excellent. Most action films are clueless when it comes to the right kind of music to play and when. S.W.A.T. gets it just right, from the re-using of the original theme from the tv show, to the great track on jetplane hostage sequence. Watch it, rent it or buy it... if you want a great combination of plot, direction, pacing, music and action acting, this is one truly overlooked masterpiece!!
B004SH40BQ|5.0|For years, I have been using my iPhone to track my work outs and listen to music at the same time using my Etymotics headsets. Hers is one model that I have used: [[ASIN:B003YTROIU Etymotic ER23-HF3-BLACK HF3 In-Ear Headsetwith 3-Button Remote Control for iPod, iPhone, iPad (Black)]]. The tracking program I use is fitness builder (...).<br /><br />But, while doing a set that is vigorous or uses both hands, I would either need to clip on my iPhone with an extra device, or stuff it in my waistband, or put it in my pocket, if I had shorts with pockets.  This was very annoying as I would frequently yank out the headset, or get tangled up in the cord or drop my iPhone.<br /><br />Then I got an [[ASIN:B002M3SO0G Apple iPod nano 16 GB Graphite (6th Generation)]] and a black [[ASIN:B004FEEZHQ iWatchz CLRCHR22BLK Q Collection Wrist Strap for iPod Nano 6G]].<br /><br />BTW, the iPod nano is great for Nike + running on a treadmill, since you can calibrate after each run (something that the iPhone Nike + running app does not allow).<br /><br />So, I thought, hmmm... why not use my nano's audio for lifting and abs too?  But a wire running up my arm would be even worse for tangles and annoyances.  So, I bought this Tiny Bluetooth iPod Transmitter and the [[ASIN:B0040X33SE Jabra CLIPPER Bluetooth Stereo Headset]] Receiver.<br /><br />Now, I clip the Clipper to my t-shirt collar or hem, turn it on to connect to my iPod nano on my wrist, and I can set my iPhone anywhere I want (and save the battery, since bluetooth streaming music really drains the battery).  Lifting and abs are so much more pleasurable with my own Etymotics (the best earphones out there, thanks Jabra Clipper!). Audiobooks, podcasts, and music flow wirelessly from my iPod nano to my Clipper (instead of from my iPhone with an attached wire).<br /><br />A spendy collection of tech, but thank goodness for amazon.com wish lists, and gift cards.<br /><br />As of January 27th, 2012:<br />1. iPad Nano 6th generation $120 to $140<br />2. iWatchz $20 to $25<br />3. Tiny Bluetooth transmitter $49<br />4. Jabra Clipper $50 to $60<br />5. Etymotic Headphones $58 to $288 (but your favorite headphones will do)Clipper $50 to $60  5. Etymotic Headphones $58 to $288 (but your favorite headphones will do)
0307155102|5.0|This book is amazing.  I (very) enjoyed it with my own children and I just bought it so I may enjoy it with my new granddaughter.  The very colorful pictures are very entertaining and help suggest 'topics' to discuss with very young children.  Every family library must include this delightful book.  Thanks for the opportunity to comment.
0061537969|5.0|Great book! It takes a lot for me to be interested in a book. I was hooked with this one. Wish I could find more books like it.
B0053VKP8S|5.0|So, I didn't need a DAC. I bought this just to see if it worked. It does, and beautifully at that. I have in the past owned and used the E7/E9 combo and currently use the E11 with my iPod. I have also been using the same Fiio LOD for the past ~3 years without a single problem. I own much more expensive gear, including a stand-alone DAC and stand-alone desktop amplifier (neither purchased from amazon.com), but for the money-value proposition they offer in their products, I absolutely love this company. The D3 is just another example of an inexpensive consumer solution for this budget focused company.  I did not test or use this extensively, but I did put it through some paces with said desktop amplifier and Ultrasone Pro 900s/UE Super.fi 10s and 700s. For under thirty bucks, if you own a macbook and want to improve your listening experience for not so much money, buy this. Buy an optical cable (every mac made within the past several years has optical audio built right into the headphone jack). Buy a decent amplifier for a few bucks and you have just upgraded your music experience manifold.  A few thoughts: the usb is strictly for powering the device, I think. You need coax or optical as your source. I recommend optical, especially if you have a mac. I don't know what PCs are up to these days, but I know the optical audio works perfectly on my macbook, so that's what I can recommend. I also have an external media player connected via optical and it worked without a hitch as well. You can't plug your phones directly into this. You need to connect to an amplifier of some sort. Based on my experience, I think the E11 would be perfect. Portable, powerful, quality sound and under $100 for a DAC and amp. Can't beat that.  Until you have the cash to throw at the myths of audiophile nirvana (query if this is over-hyped nonsense, which a lot of things may very well be), you can spend a lot more and do a lot worse than Fiio's too-good-to-be-true products.  I am not affiliated in any way with Fiio. I just like what they offer in terms of value.
B000Q66JXA|3.0|The blu-ray quality here doesn't seem as good as others I've seen but then this is a pretty old movie.  Don't think it's worth it to upgrade to blu-ray if you already have this in standard definition.
B0068TL23G|5.0|This is the sort of game that's perfect for passing a few minutes while you're waiting in line or caught up in an inescapable boring telephone call.  That is, you can reach a point of \\"completion\\" in a minute or so and either pick up your food/end the call, or go on to another level for another minute or so if you're still waiting around.  The puzzle itself is good.  The challenge does increase a bit as more color pairs are added.
B003YL4LYI|2.0|I went from checking the book shops and sites for years to get the next installment. I waited so long that I had to be refreshed as to the characters.<br /><br />Finally this book came along and it was such a disappointment that if it takes him 20 years to produce another it won't bother me. What a drag this volume was. A struggle to read.  I am not sure I even recognized some of the characters. A self absorbed effort from an author who appears to be dragging this out interminably.
B005LAIGMS|3.0|This is a very weird action film. Slow moving at times and not as much action as it looked to be in the trailers, but MMA fighter Gina Carano can actually act a little bit. Not only is she very attractive, her fight scenes are believable. She is the only female actor in any action movie I've seen where I actually believe that she could kick some major behind, even though Milla Jovovich and Kate Beckinsale also look good doing it. You can feel the impact of each of her strikes.<br /><br />Michael Douglas, Ewan McGregor, Antonio Banderas, Bill Paxton, Michael Fassbender and Channing Tatum have small roles but add a lot of star power. The story is rather predictable (elite spy becomes a target from within) and it is far from a pulse pounding viewing experience, but it is worth a rental to see a new action star that I wouldn't mind being pinned by.<br /><br />3 and 1/2 out of 5 stars
0062082353|5.0|This is a book everyone in America should read, especially if they think Seals are just a bunch of smashers and crashers. Without them we'd have many more of our men and women killed. They are hero's in every sense of the word. This is a Great book. God bless em!
B003LQMZS0|5.0|good toy. well made. my daughter likes it (she is 4months old). it is on her carseat when we drive somewhere and she likes to watch on it.
B0035G5IOE|5.0|I LOVE this movie.  It captures the essence of Autumn in it's cinematography, and the story (based on Roald Dahl's book) is fun.  Though there's nothing in it to shield from children, the sensibility of this movie is really for adults - it's very subtle.  The kids (and probably some adults) just won't get it.  Rent it first, then buy it if you fall in love with it - like I did!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|You have to play all the games to be able to unlock new ones. Otherwise good games. Challenging for the most part. It's worth the download.
B003L77FYS|5.0|exactly what I expected. No issues with the media, I wish all manufacturers would give the \\"PLAY ALL\\" option for viewing.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I wanted something sturdy and this was it...great price and fast shipping! I highly recommend anyone needing a case for a Kindle Fire to consider this one!
B0068TL23G|5.0|It seems like an awesome game but won't let me chose chapters. I am only able to play the first 12 or 16 puzzles and it stops. On Tmobile My touch 4g
B005I6EU7U|5.0|Yep, it's not real leather, but it sure looks and feels better than other \\"genuine leather\\" cases I've seen for the same price.  When closed up it looks like an old book sitting on a table, instead of screaming STEAL ME I'VE GOT AN EXPENSIVE TABLET INSIDE ME.  It really feels like I have an old leather covered book in my hand when I read with it.  It fits my Kindle Fire perfectly, and I had no trouble putting in on or problems hearing my audio through the speakers.  I'm very, very pleased.
B006W5JF9Y|4.0|Some of these are great interpretations of Dylan's best.  Others are poor performances from mediocre talent.  However that said, it is a great purchase for the better performances, and these may vary by the listeners choice of performers.  In addition the money goes to one of the finest humantarian organizations.  I was there when Dylan started in the village and was astounded when I saw this kid perform.  I am still astounded by the poetry, magistry and sincerity of his music.  Bob Dylan, thank you for making this available and supporting Amnesty International.
B000Y7U98C|4.0|I know some people nitpick at some of the details in this movie..but, it didn't phase me.  Danny Boyle does a fantastic job of creating tension, and the feel of what it must be like for 8 people to be confined in a ship for, what I'll guess would be years. Extreme Big Brother!  The buildup is great. Lots of problems arise as they approach the sun. Both in the ship and out. And it kept me on the edge of my seat.  Unfortunately, the end kind of took a weird turn. Someone pops up in the climax, and even after rewatching the scene a few times, I was still a little clueless. And even after I figured it out...I was still perplexed. It's like most of the script was written, then they hired someone else to write the end.  Oh well..the first 3/4 of the movie is great. Acting is phenomonal. I was especially impressed with Chris Evans. Didn't think he could pull off something like this. But, everyone else is good too.  As for some of the bonus material...the commentary by Boyle is excellent. The guy is talented, and you get some great insight on his vision for this movie.  I would recommend this movie...just pay close attention, especially at the end.
B0068TL23G|5.0|There are more than 16. Hit the arrow at the bottom. I beat the 1st 16 but haven't start on the 2nd yet. Idk if it goes on after that yet.
B00005NGZX|1.0|I gave this album a listen more than a few times but I just don't get it. I have no clue how this is considered a classic. Yes, the lyrics may be deep but you wouldn't be able to tell by listening to the album! All you hear is Jacob Bannon screaming his head off with none of the vocals being understandable. The guitar playing is just chugachugachugachug without any of it being special or memorable. The drummer sucks as well.  Is this album emotional? No, only to the mindless people who Converge have tricked into believing it is. Is this album passionate? Only if you think boring, repetitive music is. Converge is a joke, the album Jane Doe is a joke, and all of their fans fell for the joke. This is just my humble opinion. If you want to listen to more passionate metalcore listen to Underoath, Amia Venera Landscape or August Burns Red. Leave this steaming pile alone.
B0068TL23G|4.0|not too shabby... time waster... superman, u are too too funny! made me laugh this morning! it made my day!
076115728X|5.0|I cannot adequately express how positively my children (ages 4, 6, and 9) responded to this book. The artwork is beautiful and the message is profound. I'm buying extra copies for children AND adults. The message is one for all ages! We can get mad and retreat from our mistakes or we can view them as opportunities to make something beautiful, creative, wonderful, etc.
B005I6EU7U|5.0|Did alot of research before purchasing this item. Fits the Kindle Fire perfect. PERFECT. Really like the feel of the leather and how it looks just like a book. Protects the device very good as well. Happy I made the choice I did. If you want a cover that looks and feels just like a book this is the one for you.
B004I654WQ|5.0|I saw Cars in the theater years ago and was excited to see that it was available on Blu Ray from Amazon. I have my own children now and wanted them to experience Cars for the first time in a crisp, vivid format. This blu ray certainly delivers. From sound quality to picture quality, this dvd made us feel like we were watching the movie in the theater. I love the message behind the movie: just because you may be the \\"best\\" at something doesn't mean that you are a \\"winner\\" and Ligntning McQueen learns this lesson though a loveable and down home cast of cars and trucks. My daughter is a huge Lightning McQueen fan now - definitely not just a movie for boys!
B0059XTUMC|5.0|The Artist\\" sure it's a parody and a pastiche on the silent movie era, and it unashamedly rips off all manner of elements from the talkies and dance films but for all that it provides a poignant and humorous look at the evolution of the film industry as it transitioned from the silent to the talkies and lest we forget it does this in a highly entertaining and crowd pleasing way. So throw away your intellectual criticism and sit back and enjoy.  I give this film the thumbs up all the way.
B005DZMODI|1.0|All I can say is that I'm glad that I'm only out $12 rather than the cost of two concert tickets.  This is the absolute worst CD I have ever purchased.  It almost put me to sleep (and not in a soothing way).  I own numerous Marsalis CD's and never tire of listening to them.  I don't know what he was thinking!
B0063GORYU|5.0|i play this game all the time!!! love it! very addictive! i have it on my phone and kindle, great time killer
B005FITIIC|2.0|Film: *****  BD: **  The Blu Ray has not been properly mastered. The black level is all wrong and often way too high, resulting in milky images and gray opening credits. It did not look like that in the cinema.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|pretty cool. a lot of the games are fun but when you get to the higher levels there hard to complete.
B004SJ3BCI|3.0|This game is great, but when I updated it it took away all of my eggs in the game, so when you get new updates DO NOT update it.
B00656C6KK|5.0|For any Doris Day fan, this is definitely a \\"must have\\" CD! The \\"Happy Endings\\" song is just beautiful.  A perfect addition to any Doris Day collection.
0679777547|2.0|I will make this short and sweet. I gave it my all till page 142 and then cried \\"uncle.\\" Worst book ever.
B005T87QCI|5.0|awesome game nice gameplay and a lot of robots to choose from,  only thing I didn't like was that it was way to short. but worth two bucks.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|There was a major loading problem when you first get this app. but overall this app is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and its pretty cool. Rovio did a great job with this app. it works fine with the Froissart and kindle fire.
B005K17RU0|1.0|Pretty clean app with easy integration on droid incredible.  I like the weather effects and the hourly timeliness.  It does load slow sometimes,  but it always opens and don't have any force close issues
B0068TL23G|5.0|I played the first 16 levels in about 12 minutes,  then there is a little arrow on the bottem right corner. Then there is another page with 16 more levels. Give it a TRY!
B0068TL23G|5.0|This is a fun game that challenges you to be creative and sometimes Think inside of the box :) well done
0307891402|5.0|The guide is a must due to the intricacies of the game and the sheer magnitude of events that occur.  It contains a wealth of information that will make the game play that much more enjoyable.
0385534639|5.0|This was a delightful read and the perfect piece of fiction to escape from the ugly economy and politics of today.  I loved Jonathan Strange and  and Night Circus evoked similar feelings.  If ever you find yourself wishing for a world with some magic, the magic of wizards not Fairytales, this book is a step into that world.  Thr writing style itself is dreamily matter-of-fact which lends a lulling pulse to the story.  A perfect way to spend cold winter nights..
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app has everything you could want from a Bible app.  I really like the variety of plans and study methods available.  It seems to have something for everyone at any age.  Thanks YouVersion.
B0060ZJ74O|5.0|This is not an exciting movie but it tells a true atory about a coach that wanted to make the best team he could with little to do it with.  I was impressed with the realistic way it was portrayed and the attention to detail that was put into the production.  Brad Pitt did a great acting job. He reminds me alot of Robert Redford in this movie.  I love movies that tell a story well and Moneyball does.
B005NJ2K6U|5.0|it is a very addicting game. I kinda wish it had more levels though. or at least ofher modes. I beat it too quickly.
B005ZKYXZI|5.0|I rented this from Amazon because I didn't expect much from it as movies go.  I thought it was going to be a bunch od CGI with not much more.  I was wrong.  This movie is much more than just a movie about an underdog robot fighting the big man on the block.  It was a mixture of a father son bonding experience blended with Rocky I.  Three under dogs and they all do fine.  Great acting and great story line combine for a really good movie.  I guess I am going to have to buy the movie because I will definitly watch it again.
B001E75QH0|5.0|I was very pleased with this merchandise.  It exceeded my expectations on the quality, service and delivery time.  This made a great Christmas gift.  I will definitely purchase from here again.
B0068TL23G|5.0|I sat down to try this game and the next thing I know, I have completed 16 puzzles. Very fun, and easy to understand!
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|A few years back, I bought a Kindle II and a leather protective cover/case.  I replaced the Kindle II with a Kindle Fire, but the cover attachment mechanism was not the same.  For the Kindle Fire I purchased a MicroShell Folio Cover, because I preferred the way the corners were protected.  I wanted a leather cover, but did not see one that appeared to enclose the corners and provide the protection that the MicroShell Folio Cover provided.
B0063IH60K|5.0|great game. u can't really mess up solitaire though. I haven't had any problems and it's great for killing time. great app, especially for free.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Got my year's subscription free with my Echo. Started using Evernote free even before as a way to collaborate with fellow writers and keep my notes available everywhere I go. On my phone, on my computer, on my Kindle... all my notes at my fingertips. Ever since I got the year's sub I've been using Evernote for everything from clipping blogs to add to my subs later or even to taking pictures with my phone for a portable wishlist. A very handy way to keep my brain with me whereever I go. ;)
B005I6EU48|5.0|After reading others' reviews on this cover, I decided to try it. One of the reviews stated it had a strong odor and another said they had trouble getting it to fit on their Kindle. I had no such problems and the cover has laid nice and flat since I received it (contrary to another review). I am extremely satisfied with this purchase.
B00631VJIC|4.0|The only thing wrong with this CD is that it's not long enough.  I love the show and music is such an integral part of it I was hoping to hear more.  Maybe a second CD is in the works?  Hope so!
B0068TL23G|2.0|cheesy sound effects/music. unintutive interface.  other than that its a fun game. the animations are also slow and choppy on kindle fire.
B001B6PBBK|1.0|Up until now I have enjoyed all of Brittany Murphy's films that I've seen.  This one is just plain bad.  It starts out with a rich, successful 20 something woman with a history of unstable relationships and a fake British accent whose best friend is a gay man.  Gee, how original.  Now, where have I seen that before??  Oh yes, Bridget Jones's diary - part 1 and 2!  Then the plot starts to focus on the men in her life more than on her, which I found annoying in a supposed chick flick - not that her character was all that beguiling to begin with.  It is made unbelievable enough by the truly laughable fake British accent, but her little eccentricities fail to come off as cute or endearing, they just seem ridiculous.  It's very boring at first, and then it gets worse.  There is a painful scene where she is at some sort of art show and the camera focuses us way too long on this hideous anti-meat \\"art\\" that tops PETA films in goriness, and you can't get away from it.  It is just there on the screne for way too long.  Brittany's character makes the comment that she \\"isn't drunk enough for this\\" and I breathed a sigh of relief thinking this would be the perfect time to switch scenes, but no!  It goes on and on, and even includes some horrific poetry - which was almost but not quite bad enough to be funny, and even the shock value of it was too outdated to work.  If you are watching this with anyone else, you will feel extremely uncomfortable during this scene, as the metaphors were disgusting!! If it was painful for the characters, why make the audience endure it?  Perhaps some people will find it bad enough to be amusing but I did not.  After about 10 minutes I had seen enough.  The characters and plot were hopelessly cliched and predictable (in fact, after those 10 minutes I already knew what was going to happen, and after reading others' comments it turns out I was exactly right!).  I'm so happy that I did not finish watching this film, and I would encourage others to notwatch it either.
078322737X|5.0|Love the movie and the dvd was in great conditions!! Cant stop watching it. Gonna drive up to Modesto for Graffitti Summer nights this year!
0786939532|3.0|A world of evil into which is born a being, a drow, who has the stirrings of conscience--what a great premise!  There is the necessary (?) complement of strange creatures and strange names.  Salvatore means to create an entire universe as did Tolkien.  It is magical, black of course, presided over by the Spider Queen/Goddess.  The Dark Elf of the title's name is unpronounceable and so I have not here named him; he is not only with conscience and scruple, but he is naturally a warrior.  There are numerous fight scenes though I find it noteworthy that the author dwells on the intentions of the fighters and their consequent actions as opposed to the \\"simple\\" description of the fighting.  This is the first volume, perhaps echoing the Divine Comedy, the heroic drow will ascend through hell and purgatory to some semblance of paradise?  If so one can only think of it as the Divine Comedy for an orc.
0385534639|3.0|The circus suddenly appears where it wasn't before. In its labyrinth of foot paths, tall black and white tents tower over the smaller tents against the grey sky. I am standing in line with the others waiting to see what kind of circus is open from sunset to dawn.  And the circus is grand!  Morgenstern has created the best living character I've read in a long while. Yet the reason of the Night Circus' existence is mediocre. It is the setting in which two young illusionists will compete. Only one will survive.<br /><br />Celia Bowen and Marco Alisdair have been bound together by two aging illusionists since they were ages 6 and 9 respectfully. Hector Bowen sees in his daughter a greater talent than he ever was. (Note: Prospero's \\"unfortunate\\" trick that caused him to be dead to the world.) Any child will do for the man in the grey suit; Marco is picked up from an orphanage. The children are told they will be trained for a great competition and only one of them will win.  The rules are never explained. And the competition is drawn out over 30 years with the NIGHT CIRCUS as their battleground. One performs in the circus; the other comes up with projects for it. Marco cannot travel with it for many years. Marco knows who his opponent is while Celia doesn't and collaborates on projects with him.<br /><br />I found myself drawn toward the teen Bailey more and more as he would be the lad to run away with the circus. Poppet and Widget were very interesting, while tarot reading Isobel was as psychotic as the sociopathic Hector and Alexander H. While the changing POV bothered some reviewers, I found the change very refreshing, especially the 2nd person narrative. It really pulled me into the circus and into the story. I cared about the child competitors while they trained in their own magic technique, but slowly lost interest in them after a while despite an ending that was satisfactory. Celia and Marco seemed like cardboard cutouts rather than three dimensional. But the circus kept me reading to the novel's last page.the novel's last page.
0740748475|5.0|I bought it for Christmas for my husband who is a huge fan of Calvin and Hobbes. This is truly a wonderful collection of funnies. The paper is of very fine quality, the books smell very nice. It was a great gift and made my husband very happy :) Highly recommended
B002I0J5FG|5.0|I have not beaten either one of the games on here, but that's only because I'm busy with other things at the moment. Both games are pretty slow to start, but have amazing storylines and beautiful visuals. These games were intended by their developer to be works of art, and they have succeeded in this.
B006P0FD4W|4.0|Let me preface this review by saying I thought all three Paranormal Activity movies were decent.  If you didn't like the first two, you won't like this one and that's all there is to it, but fans of the first two movies shouldn't be turned off by the continuation of this franchise.<br /><br />Paranormal Activity 3 makes a half-hearted effort, in the beginning, to tie the story to the first two movies, but that effort ends quickly and the movie becomes tied to the first two in style alone after that.  Although I thought the story of the first two movies was OK, I wouldn't exactly call it their strength.  What made the first two films so good was the anticipation of something scary.  When that clock on the camera slowed down, you knew you should be on the look out for something, but half of you was afraid of what you would see.<br /><br />Paranormal Activity 3 plays off of this element, but adds a whole new level.  With a panning camera in one room and different camera views throughout the house, you were never sure which camera would show something when.  The scares are a bit more deliberate and less suggestive than the first two movies, but the added visual makes for some incredibly intense moments.  Involving two young girls who both do a stellar job acting just adds to the suspense.  You'll find yourself questioning why the man in the movie chooses to take a camera with him during some of the more frightening scenes, but if you're able to suspend your questioning of logic, it's very entertaining.<br /><br />This isn't the scariest movie ever made, but it does a good job keeping the viewer on the edge of their seat and these days, there aren't too many horror films that even accomplish that.
B0064TVQ5E|2.0|loved this app when I didn't know better.  after using mahjon artifacts it made it very clear that this version was inferior because you cant see any of the levels. really bad for the eyes and frustrating.
B005HSG3U6|4.0|This folio cover is 100% as advertised.  The only improvement suggesstion I have is to make the groove used in standing up the Kindle Fire a little deeper, or add a lip to one side of the groove, to make it more secure in that position.  I have no regret in this purchase.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|awesome! I play every day, so addicting! I suggest it to any one who wants a fun game on there kindle fire!
B0068TL23G|5.0|This app is awesome! It's a simple slow paced puzzle game like galaxy and tangram, and I love it! A must have for puzzle fans!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I like the games, they keep me busy when I travel and the fact that you earn points that you can buy new games with keeps it interesting.
B005I6EU7U|5.0|I looked for two weeks for a kindle fire cover.  I saw the Prologue cover and liked the way it looked.  The cover is even nicer in person.  Has an antique book effect.  I inserted my kindle into the straps and it fit perfectly.  Holding it while playing games or reading is comfortable and I feel like it is protected.  I would definetly recommend.  I had NO ISSUES regarding fit or closing flat when not in use. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game is seriously addictive! I can not stop playing it. It is the best app ever! I love it!
B000002B2T|4.0|First of all, this is not Alice in Chains, and for those who expect this album to sound just like Alice in Chains, simply because Layne was a part of this band, should just move on.  This is a well put together album which offers musical diversity and expresses several different types of musical ideas by talented artists. This is evident by the albums opening song, straight through to \\"Long Day Gone.\\"  If you're after an album which blends together many of the forgotten talents of the early to mid 90's together, and can appreciate other styles of music other than Alice in Chains, I think you'll thoroughly enjoy and appreciate this work of art.
B0068TL23G|3.0|first minus - you can't move this to SD!<br />that aside, i blew through the first chapter without any hints. i realize there are more chapters that hopefully get harder, but i will go into them with a huge stockpile of hints.<br />i had lots of trouble getting the undo button to work. and rather than having an undo, i would like to be able to click on a color and edit the path.<br />i do like the concept and gameplay mechanic, but the game could use some polish. fixing the undo function and letting me move it to SD would put this at a 4/5. it would need some additional effort to put it up there with 5 star games. so, i would say this is worth a download as a FAOTD, but i wouldn't pay for this.
B002PY86WI|5.0|What really needs to be said here? You either love her or appreciate her in some way or another, or are simply jealous! If you are a fresh faced fan, eager to explore her career...this is a fine start if you are looking to play it at a party but don't kid yourself, you are not a real fan! If this is the only Madonna in your life, then you are not only missing out on some fun pop stimuli but also not getting the full experience...which is that Madonna totally played a mind game manipulation on her audience and the general public throughout her entire career...even to this day! Every move she made was calculated....from her choice of what producers to use on certain albums to what outfit she would wear to arsenio hall...to what celebrities she would associate with (Lady Gaga and Britney at their early peaks). She always knew how to get attention. Madonna flaunted religion like it was a cheap accessory, then held her crotch the very next second! Her next move would be to write a children's book, right before she tossed on a skintight leotard and sexed up the stage! She is not just the queen of pop but also the queen of publicity stunts. However, she also made a habit of landing on her feet and while she was relentlessly pummeled in her day for some of her career choices, her exact moves are copied ad naseum by todays pop starlets...male and female. She was counted out the moment she took the stage and at various points in her career, people would literally root against her. They'd bet that she'd never have another hit and that by her not having any more success, she was as talentless and the insecure people always tried to make her out to be. And while the average day person would be reduced to tears, Madonna always got back up on her feet and back onto the stage, no matter what anyone said about her! Why? Because with her music, she brought people joy and she has the right to keep that light shining; that's what a true star does!  Whether she was waltzing around in acone-bra or adopting a child from africa, her cheap ploys wouldn't be without a greater purpose. The goal of the stunts were to direct attention to the album she would be about to release at that time. And each time, you'll hear the same things being said. You'll hear people talk about how she is exploring a new style, she is branching out, it's surprisingly good, yadda yadda yadda. That's the secret, people. Her music was actually quality and that is what earned her respect. But each album wasn't just a new style or sound, it was like you were being introduced to a totally new performer each time and falling in love all the same. That is a testament to how easily she could adapt to whatever sound or style was thrown at her. For her to have kept this act going TO THIS PRESENT day...is unheard of. Madonna isn't built like us.  Beyond this 20+ year collection of classic pop fluff that still holds up, we have two new tracks. And in typical Madonna form, they connect seamlessly to her past catalouge while also bringing a new flavor to the table! The first is celebration, which is a vanilla party track that ties in with some of her very early work. In the song she taunts and flirts with the listener to get on the the dance floor and let loose. Obviously this didn't get any airplay in anything other than the local gay club, but it's a fun number that's also very easy going yet also hammy enough to keep it filling. It's the next track where we actually see her take some chances, and it's a song called Revolver. Apparently in her spare time madonna is still hip enough to have Lil Wayne on a song with her, and why the hell can't a 50 year old white woman get down like that, huh? The whole song is just a big metaphor for how sexy and dangerous this mother of three is...can you say midlife crisis? It's Madonna trying on the urban booty bumper club banger, and actually nailing it! But while the whole song could border on self parody and self distruct in the wrong hands, remember that another common theme in Madonnas work is irony (american life, anyone?). As terrible as you could imagine this song being..remember that this is not Stacy Q or Latoya Jackson we have on our hands..this is Madonna and she tackles the song like only a rock star can.  As it stands today, Madonna has yet to fade away but due to her turning 53 this year, some people seem eager to shove her off the stage. We live in an ageist and sexist society, but people need to speak for themselves. I, for one, want to see just how far and how long this woman can go! And Madonna, seemingly willing to toss plenty of meat into the tigers den, has announced that not only will she be preforming at the superbowl, but she has hinted at a lesbian kiss between herself and her upcoming singles costars, m.i.a and Nicki Minaj! And even more scandalously(and ahem, conveniently), is considering naming her new album after slang term for the drug ecstasy! I told you she was shameless. Rihanna, watch and learn.
B004NELBPC|1.0|I love HuffPo, but not this app. Very buggy, slideshows don't work, and stories show up several times on the home screen. The iPhone app works flawlessly. Please fix this one.
B005K17RU0|1.0|I have tried two different times to get this app on my kindle fire. It brings up blank pages and I have to repeatedly enter my zip code to see my local weather. It doesn't retain the information.  When I try to maneuver through the tabs it will only ask if I am sure I want to exit the app.  Surprising since it got so many great reviews.  Dissapointing.  Deleted.
B0060AY6FO|5.0|P. D. James does it again. This book is absolutely marvelous. I read it in one sitting. Jane Austen would be proud and excessively diverted.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This app works and looks great on the kindle fire.  I love the responsiveness and movement.  feels and looks very smooth.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|good games but low graphics. I think that it is funny how they get you to support the game and sponsers to get points but I still like it.
B0041KKYDI|5.0|Life can change in a matter of a second or within hours.  Such was the case for Aron Ralston (James Franco) who never imagined that an outdoor excursion would change the rest of his life.  Director Danny Boyle shows the challenge that Ralston would be faced with and the means of survival that basically depended on the limited items that he took on his trek that he may never have imagined would save his life - bottle water, shoes on his feet, the climbing equipment, and most importantly the digital video camera that documented his entire experience.  But what may amaze viewers is how Franco does an exceptional job showing Ralston's human spirit despite being trapped, and not to sound clich&eacute; or disrespectful, but literally he was stuck between a rock and a hard place.<br /><br />But setting aside that central focus of the film that does not last 127 hours, but rather one hour and twenty-seven minutes, one can see how Boyle realistically show the stages that led Ralston to his predicament.  And one of the most interesting segments of the film is the dream-like sequences and the flashbacks that take place; they are raw images that somehow played a part interpreting what was occurring in Ralston's mind and will to survive that depicted his childhood to a lost love.  But in the process of he being trapped, he did lose a physical part of himself but never his spirit that came in the form of his sense of humor and will to get out.<br /><br />127 Hours is a thought provoking film that may leave viewers with mixed reactions.  But by the end of the film, one can see the fortunate circumstances that eventually occur that allowed Ralston to share and retell his story.
B005D0RDIE|1.0|Not even one star (although no stars isn't an option.  Ordered this DVD twice and each time, no sound.  Ugh
B004L0NGEC|5.0|far more efficient for handling large photo collections....quick, full featured and works great on ICS. Thank you! Great for mailing photos to family...and works smoothly with Picasa.
B001P9EQH8|4.0|I am hearing impaired so I need to amplify all sound sources. This product works well enough for me to hear which is saying something. Decent response to all levels.
B005I6EVUG|5.0|This cover was worth its cost!  Love how it fits perfect and is high quality. Love my Kindle Fire!  I knew I wanted a cover that would protect my Kindle. After reviewing the covers offered decided on this one and am glad that I did. Recommend this product to anyone with a Kindle Fire.
B005I6EVUG|4.0|I love the red Verso Artist Series case for my Kindle Fire.  There is plenty of room to hang my stylus; it fits perfectly without touching or scratching my Kindle Fire.  It has names of foreign cities on the cover and as I have done extensive international travel I love seeing how many cities on the cover that I have visited. It has one large pocket and is lined with suede.  The only complaint I have is that the inside cover is all black.  I would have  preferred a brighter color inside. The case is durable and large enough so the Kindle Fire is somewhat recessed from the edge when the cover is closed.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Some of the games are reallly good, but the ads really kill it; will give 4-5 stars if the ads are removed
B004TI1WME|5.0|it is the best caculater ever and it shows what u did when you started. if u r reading this buy it. it works really great with the kindell fire.  I love my bf. if u readings this bf i love you
B005V2EVBQ|1.0|As I was buying my 3rd Kindle Fire as a gift for my sister, the selection of cases was quite limited. In spite of the fact this case was priced comparable to the other two cases I had purchased, this one was a little too flimsy for my taste.  It did not seem to offer as much protection as the other cases and was not as functional. I told my sister I would not be offended if she returned it. I don't know if she kept it or not.
B001B93H0O|5.0|Gotta love dancing, but you just have to ADORE Beto! Loved this!!  And soo cheap! The box, the cd's everything in perfect condition, and it arrived exactly when I expected it! thank you ! :)
B004BLDD9Y|5.0|I was comparing the 21x CFL lights I was using here at my home and to what of my amazement I would be better off with 21x of these Lighting Ever 6 watt LED Bulbs instead of the CFL life span is 8,000 hours where the LEDs are 50,000 hours. Saving additional $40 bucks more a year. Health wise no toxic memory to deal with.<br /><br />I had originally ordered 16x of these LED light from Amazon using my prime account. Shipping was quick but the box was that they came in was damage slightly and also packaging inside wasn't that great. They need to fix that because I am now have to order additional 9 to including the one that was damage.<br /><br />Since can't get replacement only a full refund so now it's a pain you go to drop it off at UPS store. In any case I need 9 more to complete my home project here. My ceiling fan uses 3x CFL now they have 3x LED and their bright with this LED.<br /><br />The LED is slightly heavy too not much but you feel the difference compare to the CFL type. But unlike the CFL one  of my old ceiling fixtures could except CFL type but the LED fits perfect in that which is also has a dimmer on it.<br /><br />I use X10 RF lighting devices here with my lights only which I got off from Amazon here. No issues with these LED with the X10 RF system.<br /><br />I have LED in the attic, utilities room, living room, master bedroom + closet, front door light, dinning fan, both bath room light fixtures and soon the attic which temps can reach as high as 100F in the summer.<br /><br />I know they're rated as 50 watts but really are 40 watts but I've notice they seem like 60 watts. Just a tad brighter at times. But one good thing too is that you can see which light fixtures on the ceiling or standing upright lamp socket is not putting out 100%.<br /><br />For the price you can't go wrong I am paying $8.50 each still free shipping does sweeten the deal. Plus the cost saving per year and health was is 100% better than the 21 CFL that the LED lights are replacing here!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|best of any note program. Color note and Catch are both beaten by it. running on Fire and Droid. Best!
B0055SWM08|5.0|The only thing wrong with this game is that it has to end!  The controls are well done and the puzzles are challenging.  Keep the levels coming.
1402756399|5.0|The attention to observation that Charles Darwin shows in his study of animal behaviors and anatomy is second to none.  I believe this is a must read for any critical thinker or especially scientist in any profession.  The illustrations are extremely helpful and the introduction truly sets the book in motion.  This is an easy read, made most easy by the specifics given in the intro.  I strongly recommend this book and this edition.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Awesome gamees and i.luv da frog one where u can catch the flies .....so whatcha adding the embanes nexxt girl
B0032UYFA6|5.0|A fitting addition to one of the best TV shows ever to air on TV.  Clearly the best season yet, it just keeps surprising me, its addictive viewing.  Overall, I give the third season 5 stars, it is just brilliant.  I watched all 13 episodes in approx 2 days, started watching it late at night the first night, stayed up half the night until I fell asleep, must have watched 8 or 9 episodes in a row. Finished it off the second night, got very little sleep and had to work the next day!  The only criticism I have for it was that it was a little slow to start, to get going into what I love about the show, the criminality and drug dealing.  However, the build up to it just added to the suspense.  Also, there were a couple of weird epsiodes throughout the show, particularly the episode about the fly, it was relevant to the main character but I felt it could have been shortened and the limited time of the show used better to tell a better story, more of what I love about it. However, it did not take from my love for the show.  Can't wait to see Season 4 and many many more....................
B0054JZC6E|4.0|simple fun games that provide hours of fun. I would prefer more free games but at least you can gain points without spending money.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I lovveeee this game it is so fun I cant stop playing it it is so fun and so cool
0307959856|3.0|Everyone else here has summarized the story, so no need to do that.  This is a nicely written book.  But it doesn't pass muster.  If you know Austen well, it just doesn't ring true.  If you have a developed sense of the time, it doesn't seem quite real.  You say to yourself, \\"Oh, she got that right,\\" but it seems like she tried.  PD James makes a good attempt at 19th century speech patterns and an extremely well-informed attempt to capture the manners and attitudes of the time, but there's the rub.  They're attempts.  They're imitations.  It might have been a better idea to capture the essence of the characters and their millieu and dispense with an attempt at authenticity.  I enjoyed reading it, though.  It took me about two hours.  When I devour Austen, it takes days and I savor every word.
B005HSL626|1.0|the second I got it I went to play it and a ad popped up I hit no thanks and a website game up don't get this app
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is one of the best apps I have ever purchased! It is free and works great on the kindle fire. Some of the games are a drag but I don't think you can NOT find a game you like on this app! This is an awesome app!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|totally cheap for what its worth. I don't see why it gets more attention. 119 games In one app is totally awesome
B003XTKMBC|5.0|This statue is incredible well done. Darth Maul is the only Ep1 character that have been done by kotobukiya... And it have been done twice. I really want them to do more characters from Ohantom Menace, like Qui Gon and Obi Wan in order to recreate the duel scene... but this statue its just amazing!!!
B001DXS4E2|5.0|HOLIDAY INN HAS A SPECIAL MEANING FOR ME, I SAW IT THE FIRST TIME IN NOVEMBER 1942 AND HAVE ALWAYS FELT THE STORY LINE WAS BETTER THAN THE WHITE CHRISTMAS VERSION.
B005XQLBU4|5.0|Being able to rebuild the cities you lost, and upgrade  your missiles, makes this game much better than the usual Missile Command clones. Great game! Lots of fun.
0861714911|5.0|This is an amazing book and yes it came ahead of time in excellent condition. I love how there notes and everything is said in way where you are able to understand hence the suttas . I've already starting it apart of my practice very informal and insightful.
B003BWERF8|5.0|This bluetooth adapter works great with my ipod nano. I have used it at the gym 5 days a week for a solid 2 months now and have no complaints. It even arrived quicker than the estimated shipping date.
B000VX6YCO|5.0|*** Updated review *** Very disappointed that this shoe can no longer be sent to Australia *** A great classic shoe. I will be buying this product for as long as Timberland make them. Great as a casual shoe with shorts, or as smart casual with dress trousers. May be next time,I would buy the size smaller,as American sizes tend to be one size larger than Australian sizes.<br />*** The title can be misleading when it says it ships to your address, but when you go to pay, it says that it can't. Such a shame ***
B00425S1H8|5.0|We purchased this device to use with a Garmin GPS, it is working as planned, there were no driver issues or other problems with use.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This works great and is surprisingly sturdy. I thought it was going to be thin and might not stand well but it completely impressed me. I would definitely recommend it for ease of use.
0743497465|5.0|First this is a novel, not a fact book. Dan Brown cooks very well a mix between facts & imagination. The best thing about him, is that you don't suspect who the bad guy(s) is(are). Same as Davinci, Digital Fortress & Lost Symbol.
031603441X|3.0|This book is an honest and thorough recollection of a legendary rock guitarist and partier. In a way, I feel like I must separate a review of the book from the man. As a book, it is 75% interesting, but 25% repetitive or unnecessary (do we really need to know about his pets and thoughts on cooking?). I think Richards probably just went stream-of-consciousness sometimes in front of a tape recorder and the editor could have done a better job tightening up the results. With a book this long, that 25% is rather a lot of reading time.  Still, the majority of the book is jaw-dropping stories of debauchery, drugs and interesting insights into the musical development of Richards and the Stones. I found Richards to be contradictory: at times he seems down-to-Earth, unpretentious and street-smart, while at others he seems to be a spoiled, selfish, out-of-touch jerk. It reminded me of Andre Agassi's autobiography in a way in that you realize for someone to reach such a high level of brilliant accomplishment in the entertainment/sports world, they often have to become a self-centered egomaniac--so much is sacrificed by them (and those around them) for the pursuit of their craft.  Richards' love-hate relationship with Mick Jagger similarly reminds me of Agassi's rivalry/tense friendship with Pete Sampras. Just as Agassi had some controversial comments about Sampras in his book, Richards really attacks Jagger at times here too, which is a little surprising considering their long and continuing collaboration.  The stories of the Richards-Anita Pallenberg relationship and attempts to parent will leave you shaking your head in disbelief--when Keith Richards is the stable parent in your family, you've got a problem! I liked when their son Marlon recollected going on tour with his dad as a 7-year-old and having to wake his stoned father up for performances, and to hide his father's drugs and drug paraphernalia. But at least his dad didn't get mad at him when he accidentally spilled the cocaine lined up on a magazine--what a father!  Along with the craziness though, you get a sense of the passion and love Richards has always had for making great music.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|Although the title sounds like Angry Birds, it is nothing like it.  it can be too hard and frustrating at times, but the hints are very helpful and generous enough.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I downloaded this because I have a busted monitor and the Colors don't show up right. I am now able to use this app on my kindle to see true colors while I illustrate. Works like a charm. For PC to PC remote.viewing, I suggest the free program TeamViewer also.
B004RJMUJO|4.0|Pretty fun to slice up some fruit when you're bored.  Graphics and six are great.  Gets old pretty fast though.
B004SDSSFY|5.0|great app, just what I need for work and home use.  has full functionality with office. would like to see quick access widgets please.
0553801473|3.0|I have enjoyed all the books in the series immensely. However,  this book left me feeling that I had run in circles to see a few characters developed,only one major one. I'm hoping the next book has more to offer without recovering plot gaps of theprevious book.
0385342039|5.0|this was a very cute story, lots to make u laugh at and just enough emotional story line to keep ya hooked. great read..
B0054JZC6E|4.0|They are fun games. Some can frustrate you. I still play often. I think my favorite is the curlers. Glad this was a free app.
1451648537|5.0|I don't have much to add to the reviews here. I knew very little about Steve Jobs when I started this book. Came to love and hate him. Cried at the end of the book. Just an amazing story. Makes Mark Zuckerberg in Social Network look like such a lucky chump by comparison.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|red. red red red red red red red red wad was was wad saw saw saw saw saw free free free free try try try yet going going
B0063GORYU|4.0|great game for when I just have a few minutes to fill/kill.  Really enjoyable!  Game is quick and speedy.  At first I thought it was too easy but was just getting lucky!  Challenges do exist.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I love Evernote in any capacity and this app is just as fluid on my Kindle Fire. I don't understand why some buttons are there (mic, photo, etc.) but I actually prefer this version over iphone.
B006W5JF9Y|5.0|It is so ironic that Dylan fans can be so arrogant and close minded. After all they did boo him and call him Judas for having the nerve to pick up Satan's instrument - the electric guitar.  Detractors of this album is forgetting one thing first and foremost - this is not a Bob Dylan tribute album. It is one honoring Amnesty International. And this album is a true celebration of the diverse nature of humanity in that respect. One listen is enough to understand why these artists were picked. They truly show how diverse and beautiful the human race is and at the same time converge on an idea. Open your mind to it. Each artist has interpreted these songs in a way that is true to their selves. If you want the original music, just go and buy that.
B000O59A2K|5.0|great movies. received before stated delivery date. will do business again. product received was as advertised. plus you just cannot beat a john wayne flick.
B004V5QWU2|4.0|ok, so this isn't the 1st time that this has happened, but I can buy the app, it just does NOT let me download it!! I mean come on!! I spent a dollar on it for nothing!! it is just pathetic. I think that this would be a great app though. and I wrote this review to benifit the people whom are untreated right. And I think that this is a great app (from my experiences with the lite version, which is playing now and IS calming me down, and making me sleepy) it really knows how to simmer a person down.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|difficult to earn enough points to open new games so you end up playing the same games just to earn more points.  too many ads. games are fun, though.
B0068TL23G|1.0|Can not store this game application on my SD card like most of my other apps.  My cell phone screen is only 4 INCHES.  The shortest path cannot be seen under my finger.  Thus it is impossible to complete.
B005HSL626|4.0|this game is really fun! I would deffinantly reccomend this game. its just a fun game to have on your device. great boredness cure
B002N8A14M|4.0|Item is great. Most importantly the company is amazing and quick when it came to a shipping issue i encountered through the process. Even though i received my product late, they managed to provide incredible service in making sure the product was received.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|My kids love this game.  It's convenient and quick play and some of the games are a real challange.  The ads aren't overwhelming either.
B004EPZ02A|5.0|I just reviewed this movie for the first time on Jan 26, 2012. I have never watched any of the paranormal movies before, because I thought they were all cheese, until I bought this one out of boredom. This movie is a combination  Reminiscent of (Poltergeist and the Entity). Oh my God did this movie scare the crap out of me, creeped me out and made me very nervous. A movie that does that to me is damn good! I must say I was very impressed by this movie. My hats off to the producers. Well done guys! Maintain the same standard in this movie and you guys will always hit a home run every time! I highly recommend this movie, so buy it and appreciate it. Buy it now!!!
B001DTPZNY|1.0|The first movie was written and directed like the old serials of the 40's and 50's had been, Raiders Of the Lost Ark was awsome. Temple Of Doom, fell flat on it's face. Not too hard, but it fell. Indian Jones and the last crusade was terrific, sean connery playing his dad. Bringing some of the characters from the first movie into the last one was great. Steven spielberg and george lucas caught lightning in a bottle, with this series. Then came 2008, and the fourth Indiana Jones movie. It opened up descently enough, with him and his new found friend being taken to Area 51 by the Russians. We get a cameo shot of the Ark, which is all well and good. But one major problem poked it's ugly little head early for me, Harrison Ford is old and he looked it. I would've had no problem with a fourth movie say 2 years after the third one, but not 19 years later! Anyway, the Russians want him to look for one of the crystal skulls that's hidden at Area 51, he escapes. But not after having a showdown with one of the bad guys deep in the bowels of area 51, and getting strapped to a land rocket. But wait....... there's more, he finds himself in a nuclear test site. And MANAGES TO SURVIVE THE NUCLEAR BLAST BY JUMPING INTO A LEADLINED REFIDGERATOR, now some of you may think i'm nitpicking. But I'm not, in the specials section. Steven spielberg had to george Lucas, he didn't want to do a fourth movie. Lucas and Ford begged and begged for him to do it, Lucas had even written the script. And spielberg finally agreed to do it, but only if there weren't any aliens. Since that's how Lucas had pitched the idea for the movie, Lucas agreed, AND CHANGED THEM TO INTERDIMENSIONAL BEINGS. Yep, complete with a flying saucer at the end. We even get marion in this, annnnd it's almost like why?!, really?! This movie  was also very glossy, unlike the other movies. Indiana Jones has always been about archeology, not aliens. And that is where they failed, even the original score felt out of place. I kept wanting this movie to get better, and it never did. Not even close.
B00004TS0E|4.0|The movie is great.  The purchase process was simple and the delivery was quick. We enjoy watching the movie with our family every Christmas and sometimes throughout the year. Pleased.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Dude, it's Star Wars.  Movies look good, wish Vader didn't scream when chucking the Emperor down the shaft.  Light sabers in 1080p with best sound the movies have had in any format.
B0066W1AZK|1.0|I wonder why this app is rated so high? The app is extremely basic. You can't change the look of the board or the pieces and you can't play people online. It claims to have great graphics but I think it looks very average.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a real fun and great game try it for your self you will really truly love it I know I do
0553582038|2.0|I struggled to finish this book.  And I mean struggled.  Halfway through, I consulted the Amazon reviews to find out if I was alone.  Clearly, I was not.  You can measure this book either in comparison to the first three or on its own merits, and either way, it is an epic failure.  The only difference is that if the book stood alone, I wouldn't have bothered to finish it.  It's almost as though George Martin completely forgot what made the first three books great.  The brisk pacing and surprising plot turns are all but gone.  You can see every plot turn from a 100 pages up the road.  In the first three books, Martin practices a rather extreme form of \\"show, not tell\\", to dramatic effect.  I'm sure I'm not the only person who wondered what the hell a \\"septon\\" or \\"warg\\" was, until I gradually puzzled out Martin's universe.  The story goes on with or without you, leaving you to piece together your understanding of the world from context alone, like a child.  Everything little clue you see but once, and eventually the larger picture emerges from all the little pieces.  Slightly frustrating, but brilliant.  And especially brilliant is how all the individual story arcs interact.  This book is the opposite.  You finally get the information dump you've been waiting for all this time, but in the context of a tedious and ham-fisted storyline, packaged with cheap cliffhangers and repetitive dialog.  Jaime sarcastically saying, \\"I love you too, sister\\", was slightly funny the first time, but not after the fourth or fifth times Martin shoehorned that brilliant quip in.  And for the most part, the actions of each POV character have pretty much no effect on any of the others, so that whole weaving storyline thing?  Yeah, that's gone, too.  Things happen, for sure, and yet the overall story arc seems not to have advanced in proportion to the number of pages I read.  When I read the first three books, I'd often be frustrated when a chapter ended, because I wanted to find out what happened to that particular character.  But fortunately, I was just as invested in the other characters, so at least my wait was filled with advancements of the other storylines.  Altogether, it works out quite effectively.  In Book 4, I felt impatient reading the chapters themselves, let alone the gaps between them.  All of the most interesting settings in the book don't get nearly enough pages--Oldtown, Braavos, and the Iron Islands.  This book was a massive disappointment to me, but hey, if you ever thought the Riverlands were the most interesting region of Martin's world, this may be the book for you!
B004KAB3ZM|5.0|Though he is a hero in many ways, Collins gives a very grounded, human account of being involved in the 1st moon landing. A must read for anyone interested in the topic.
0439023521|2.0|The Hunger Games is a story set in a bleak post-apocalyptic future controlled by a fascist government.  Modern day North America is now a country called Panem, made up of twelve districts (And a destroyed thirteenth district).  For some reason, the ruling Capitol district requires that each of the twelve districts enlist two of their children to compete in a battle royale (Or Battle Royale, since it borrows heavily from that book) in order to prove that they have control over them.  I'm not really sure how this would be an effective way to keep order, but just go with it.  This review contains spoilers!  Anyway, it's not the worst book I've read, but I can tell that Collins definitely didn't know exactly how she wanted to end it.  As far as the writing goes, there were definitely a few instances where I would read a mangled sentence and just scratch my head.  I wouldn't really say that this is Collins fault so much as the editor, though, so I give this a pass.  What I can't forgive are the inherent flaws with the plot.  Allow me to explain:  1)  The way that the deaths of the contestants are handled.  I think this could be a product of choosing to do a first-person narrative rather than third-person.  Most of the contestants die off screen, and very rarely do we get to see anything actually take place near Katniss (What's with that name, by the way?  But I digress).  I'm pretty sure that the only time in the entire book Katniss directly kills anybody is when she puts an arrow through the throat of Nameless Contestant #whatever after he kills Rue.  Regardless of whether you decide to include the Tracker Jacker \\"kill\\" in the list, she never actually had to kill anybody unprovoked and it almost feels kind of cheap on the part of the author.  As an aside, Foxface inexplicably dies from eating poisonous berries which is pretty much the last thing you would expect to happen to an \\"intelligent\\" character.  Probably the most heinous example of what I'm talking about is Thresh.  Collins spends quite a bit of the book building up Thresh and making him an extremely imposing obstacle.  I was expecting some big final showdown with Thresh until he suddenly died offscreen.  See what I am talking about here?  2) Way too much of this love business.  I don't really have a problem with Peeta + Katniss or whatever, but why did Collins feel the need to draw it out and act like there's some love triangle going on when there isn't?  Gale is in the book for maybe a few pages.  It makes zero sense to have Katniss feel like she has some big choice to make.  It didn't help that the romance got in the way of some things that would have been interesting to see like, um, the FIGHT WITH THRESH?  3) The rule changes.  It's the author's world, I respect that.  What I don't respect is when the author changes the rules multiple times as it fits the plot.  Don't want Katniss to have to deal with the no-win scenario and off Peeta?  Have the Capitol change the rules for no reason at all.  Need to have some dramatic finale where Katniss and Peeta have to think of a way out of the no-win situation AFTER deciding they wouldn't kill each other? Change the rules back!  Peeta has blood poisoning and you wrote yourself into a corner?  Capitol puts backpacks out filled with things each of the contestants desperately needs!  4) The Muttations (Her word, not mine.)  I can't fathom why Collins thought this was necessary.  I had to reread the paragraph where they're introduced a few times just to digest what the hell was happening.  I understand that this is a futuristic district that has access to impossibly skilled geneticists but since when does genetic engineering mean you can create zombie werewolves?  I'm not kidding, zombie werewolves were put into this book.  It also exposes a pretty obvious plot hole.... think about it:  The Capitol didn't want there to be no winner at all, right?  They reacted pretty quickly when Katniss and Peeta were both going to eat those toxicberries.  So if they were against not having any winner at all, why would they release those killer mutts?  Those things could have killed all three contestants that were remaining pretty easily, and almost did.  See what I mean about this not making any sense?  The ending itself is just worthless on countless levels.  There is really no resolution to anything at all, it's all just a teaser for the next book (Which I will not be reading).  Katniss has a chance to stand up to the Capitol and doesn't.  Peeta really \\"loves\\" Katniss but Katniss doesn't \\"love\\" him back.  You can argue that this is O.K. because it's a trilogy but it really isn't okay at all.  Each book should be a stand alone story and have a resolution.  Each book of Harry Potter had a resolution, didn't it? It was part of an overarching plot, but each book definitely could stand alone as a good fantasy story.  Not so with this series.  I really wanted to like this book more.  For what it's worth, the world it's set in is pretty interesting and well developed (Well, minus the zombie werewolves).  The book really falls apart once the titular Hunger Games get started, so I really only enjoyed the first half of the book.  It is a young adult novel, so if you want to check it out of the library you can easily read it in a night.  I would not pay money for this book.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I play these games when I'm bored. great games on here. would recommend this game to anybody that need to pass time
B0068TL23G|2.0|I was hoping it was an actuall Router app instead, it was a really weird game. Uninstalled. Pretty Misleading app.
B0034G4OUY|5.0|Just like every movie, the Rock is no holds barred.  I'm no fan of wrestling, but in his movie career, the Rock has proven himself worth a watch.  This movie is fast paced, and gripping.  I would argue it is his best performance to date.  I would ask, what is next Rock?  Anyway, get the Blu ray, it is top notch (period).
B002ZG981E|1.0|Can't skip through previews. Takes 5-7 minutes to get through them with 100 clicks of the fast-forward button.  'Next chapter' and 'disc menu' buttons were locked out.  Sound mixing is bad, as I needed to constantly adjust volume.  Dialog was whisper quiet, yet explosions and other action were thunderously loud.  Then there's the HDCP that prevented playing on my home theater computer using PowerDVD Ultra.  Played for a while on our Sony player with surround sound, but it was next to impossible to hear what was being said.  I could only stand 15 minutes before giving up.  Thank goodness it was a rental.  It might have been a good movie, but the restricted user operations and the sound mixing completely ruined it for me.  No wonder people copy these things, as many legal copies are ruined by how the discs are authored.  No sympathy for the MPAA until you can just pop a disc in and play it immediately.  I would not pay $5 for this.
B0068TL23G|3.0|The idea behind this puzzle game is solid and has much potential, but two issues with the UI can make the experience VERY FRUSTRATING:  1) You can only undo the last drawn connection.  Suppose there are nine pairs of dots on the screen.  You've connected eight of them, and you realize that in order to connect the ninth pair, you need to make a small change to one of the paths: the first path you drew.  Because you can only undo paths in the (reverse) order you drew them, you now need to press the back button EIGHT times and redo the ENTIRE puzzle from scratch because there's no way to edit a single path without disturbing everything else.  MAJOR FRUSTRATION!  Simply make the endpoints selectable so you can edit the path as if you were drawing it for the first time.  2) After you complete a puzzle, it shouldn't auto-advance to the next puzzle because you might want to try to find a solution with fewer moves.  There should be a menu that pops up after you finish with buttons for \\"redo/edit\\", \\"next\\", and \\"menu\\", and there should be left and right arrows at the top of the screen to go the \\"previous\\" and \\"next\\" puzzles so you don't have to exit out to the level select screen.  These are really basic things that the developer should fix.  Fix these two issues, and the game is worth 5 stars.  As it is, it only gets 3 stars.
0061992860|5.0|I bought two of these little handbooks as Christmas presents and both recipients LOVED them! My husband said it really gives you detailed information about survival in different conditions. I recommend this book to anyone interested in survival.
B002N5N5M0|5.0|Michael C. Hall does an amazing job portraying Dexter in this season. The guest star John Lithgow also does a phenomenal job playing Dexter's foil for the season, the Trinity killer. Characters that I have hated in the previous seasons, like Deb and Rita, are vastly improved and are much more believable in season four. I highly reccomend. The plot still has the same excellent pacing and writing of the other seasons, but the vast improvements in every characters acting makes this season a must see.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Fun app to waste a bit of time with but nothing special. The games are meh and very simple and easy.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is fun and cool. very addicting and simple to use and progress. I highly reccomend to users of all ages.
B0033AGPFS|5.0|What can you say about the album content that hasn't been said already.  I found this pressing to be excellent.  It has a very quiet background.  The mix is very comparable to the original.  I would buy it again.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I like this app but I wish it could work without being connected to the Internet. It has nice features otherwise.
