B000002H97|1.0|The &quot;Sad But True&quot; fact is that Metallica has lost it. Do I hear keyboards in the background or is that just all the old fans leaving the building?
6305165912|5.0|What can I say? The Coen brothers are not deities, but they are closely related to the almighty. The latest installment of &quot;The world according to Coen&quot;, will not disappoint. The casting is perfect. While  a long time Coen brothers fan, I hesitated a long time before giving this  film a chance. In fact, I waited until the DVD was released before viewing  it. I bought the disc, sight unseen, partly due to a hunch that the Coen  brothers wouldn't let me down. A large part of my hesitation was that, I've  never been a huge fan of (no pun intended) John Goodman. But... the casting  was perfect. Nobody else could have played his part quite so well. In a  general sense, the acting writing and directing were first rate. The  overall effect of the film is similar to having a wonderful, humorous buzz  going for about two hours, complete with a sense of disassociation and  abstract thought. How much more fun can you ask for? So far as the DVD is  concerned -- the transfer quality is first rate. Both the video and sound  portion are splendid. You can't go wrong by adding this magnificent title  to your collection.
B00000G3PA|5.0|This is a must-see movie, in my humble opinion!!  I can't wait for it to come out on DVD!! I am pre-ordering my copy NOW!!!  You should too!!  The special effects are great!! Sure you have to suspend disbelief some, but so  what!!  Great action!! Great Movie!!
B00000163G|5.0|If anyone doubted Pac was the greatest ever then this album says it all. 2Pac comes outta jail filled with energy and anger and he takes it all out on this double CD. Every single song on that album is produced on the  highest level possible in the rap game as only Death Row can. Guest rappers  iclude not only  his fellow Death Row inmates (such as Snoop Doggy Dogg,  Tha Dogg Pound, Dr. Dre, michel'le and more) but also some of the Bay Area  Ridahz (E40, Richie Rich, C-Bo and more) and homies from the East Coast  (The East Coast kings - Method Man and Redman). The album deals with many  topics, the variety of styles will keep this album alive for ever. Noone  can compare to Tupac - The lyrics, The heart he put into every single thing  he made, the charizma. This album will take you to many places and  situations and that's what Tupac Shakur the most talented person in the rap  game did. R.I.P. Pac. There's a heaven for a G.
B000002H33|5.0|Save your money and don't buy anything Metallica released after this one. Instead shop backwards and purchase everything before and including this masterpiece. When Cliff died the band died.
0451191153|2.0|Everyone, of course, needs to read The Fountainhead.  But it is certainly not a particularly good novel. For one thing, it is really a tract, not a well crafted piece of fiction with a satisfying plot or style.<br /><br />Now, don't get me wrong.  Personally, I happen to agree with much of Rand's basic  \\"philosophy.\\" (Although, frankly, despite a lot of her mumbo  jumbo, it is not nearly as complicated as many people would have you  believe.  Most of what Rand believes can be summed up by  the phrase \\"Individualism: good. Collectivism: bad.\\")<br /><br />My primary  criticism of The Fountainhead is simply that it is poorly written. The  characters are wooden and speak in a way that no human being ever does . . . or should. Rand's style is reminiscent of a bad Taylor Caldwell novel. Well, okay, maybe that's  redundant: there IS no such thing as a GOOD Taylor Caldwell novel.  But what I mean is that, in The Fountainhead, people are always storming out of rooms in a  huff, usually after making some \\"devastating\\" remark that ... well ... just seems rather silly.<br /><br />And why was Rand never able to develop a name that actually SOUNDED like a real name?  I mean \\"Dominique Francon,\\" \\"Ellsworth  Tooey,\\" my God.  Howard Roark (another clumsy and unappealing name) may be Rand's ideal man but, to my mind, he's a prig, a bore, and he never acts in  a way that seems natural . . . even for a supposed ideal human being.<br /><br />So,  sure, read The Fountainhead. But, if you have any literary taste at all, you're not going to like it.  In fact, if you want  to save some time, cut to the chase and read Roark's court speech at the end of the novel.  You'll get the gist from that. But, like everything else in The Fountainhead, even it doesn't ring  true. (No judge, past or present, would allow such a thing in court.)  Nevertheless, at least it presents \\"the philosophy\\" in a pure form without the  annoyance of Rand's leaden \\"plot,\\" bloated and stilted prose, and  her polyester characters.  Despite its popularity, this really is an aggravating, amateurish book.ity, this really is an aggravating, amateurish book.
6304873441|5.0|&quot;Anastasia&quot; is the most Beautiful, Uplifting, and Meaningful movie I have ever seen! (It left me completely enchanted the first time I saw it in the theatre, and I ended up seeing it a total of 15 times while  it was in the theatres because I LOVE it so much! Needless to say, I now  own the video). The storyline of how the endearing characters find the true  meaning of Home, Love, and Family brings a sense of inspiration and comfort  to everybody who watches it, no matter what age you are. The songs are  lovely, the backgrounds are breathtaking, and the content of the movie  stunningly reflects joy for life, joy for finding out who you are, and joy  for finding true love.
0684800713|1.0|I am in the middle of the book and have to decide pretty soon whether to continue reading it or just throw it away.  What am I reading?  All I see is a bunch of aimless, seemingly privileged people spending most of their  time in cafes and bars, and every page I turn has &quot;drink&quot;,  &quot;wine&quot;, &quot;bottle&quot;, &quot;bar&quot;, &quot;cafe&quot;,  &quot;coffee&quot;, &quot;breakfast&quot;, &quot;lunch&quot;,  &quot;dinner&quot; or any word related to dipsomania, gastromania (or  bulimia perhaps?) written all over. They bicker and whine about lost and  purposeless relationships.  What is the point????  The writing is slow,  except for some parts, like when two men go fishing in Spain.  Otherwise,  it is tiresome, boring, almost painful, and quite frankly, of little  redeemable value.  Or maybe, I should just move on, hoping I get to the  point where I find Hemingway's purpose in writing this book (surely, there  must be other far better books written about post-WWI emotional dilemma).  I'll keep my fingers crossed while I laboriously read zzzzzz....
6303430570|5.0|Clerks is one of those rare over looked gems that come along once in a blue moon and bite you.  This raw but hilariouse film is an instant classic, and will make you laugh until it hurts!
0393307050|5.0|I couldn't add any accolades for Patrick O'Brian's Aubrey/Maturin series that haven't been expressed here already.  I do have a few words for the undecided, however:<br />1) If you like &quot;Master and Commander,&quot; you  definitely want to read the rest of the series.<br />2) Don't be put off by  comparisons of O'Brian to Jane Austen.  I don't care for Austen's works at  all, but I love the Aubrey/Maturin series.<br />3) The second book in the  series, &quot;Post Captain,&quot; is the longest (and in my opinion, the  least interesting, most Austen-like) book of the series.  Don't give up on  the series if this entry isn't to your liking.<br /> - snopes
1568494157|5.0|I must have been around thirteen when I first read Childhoods End and have read it every year since. At the age of forty I can say it remains the most  awe-inspiring book of my life. For any one who has never read this  masterpiece I envy them, to feel again that moment  at the end of the  book........ My son read Childhoods End last year, also at the age of  thirteen, and in his eyes I saw the same wonder, for a moment, he like I  had experienced the extraordinary.  The numerous revelations throughout the  book rock you to the core and often you have to put the book down to absorb  what you have just read. This is more than a Science Fiction novel, it is a  glimpse of an imagination, possibly unparalleled. footnote. Arthur C Clarke  turned 80 the day before I turned 40 and at the beginning of December I  sent him a birthday letter to express my appreciation of his work. On the  morning of December the 17th my eldest son Daniel and my younger son Bryn  Clarke presented me with a letter, the letter of my life. A hand written  reply from Arthur C Clarke.
B0000029DD|5.0|This guy must have been seriously hurt.  He had to have been injured to write those lyrics.  I love them. His voice was a bit hard to get used to but when I really listened, I fell in love with the sound and the way he  used his vocal range. This is one of the best CDs I've heard. Good thing my  friends have different musical taste then I do, otherwise I would never  have listened to Jeff...
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica ruled. The black album was the last great metallica cd. The band changed between ...And Justice for all and the black album. You can see the band maturing. Their songs get shorter, and the pop value is there. They  still kick all $#@ though. However, when load, thier next album came along,  They began to weaken. While metallica's current music is better than most  pop crap, (all pop crap) if you want real Metallica, buy MASTER OF PUPPETS.  The black album (or anything after it) would be a good choise for people  who aren't real metal fans, and I must reccomend it to people who are real  metal fans as well.
1573225517|3.0|This is one of the best written books about nothing I have ever read. The protagonist isn't even waiting for Godot and still manages to make time pass by being totally self-absorbed. This is not a book about men.  It is  about arrested development, and it's very funny.
B000002TQV|5.0|This is the greatest Radiohead album ever, possibly the greatest album from anyone ever. It is so personal and so well put together that it is leaps and bound ahead of Pablo Honey, and it is more raw and less agry then  ok computer. But radiohead is the coolest band ever, so I'll give Pablo  Honey 6 stars, Ok computer 8 stars, and The Bends 10. All radiohead albums  are great, but this is easily the best.
0064471837|5.0|This has got to be one of the best books I have ever read in my life (and I've read quite a few). It had every aspect of a good book: action, suspense, mystery and even a little romance. Once I finished it, I went out  and bought the next Garth Nix book I could find: Shades's Children. I can't  wait to start that, either. But back to Sabriel. She is a wonderful  heroine, smart, clever, resourceful and witty. The book draws you in,  making you feel as if the Old Kingdom exists in our world (but hey, maybe  it does!!). I would recommend this book to anyone who wants a good read, no  matter what kind of books they usually read. :)
0425107469|5.0|This book was interesting from the first word thru the last word.  Dean Koontz is one of the best authors that have come around.  I have every book of his except the last two (intensity,...)I will have those too.  This was  a great heart warmer and thumper.  Einstein was a love and you grew to hate  and like the outsider also.
6302968119|5.0|This film is an execellent film.  If you like Tarantino films this is a great example of his style.  The film may not be for everyone because or the extreme violence but the amazing cast, dialogue, and story make this a  great, outrageous film.  My favorite movie.
0425156842|5.0|I read through quite a few of the reviews here before writing my own, and was kind of surprised at what I read.  I think I read Sophie's World through far different eyes than most of the people who posted reviews.  I'm  a 16 year old high school sophmore who's familiarity to philosophy is  limited to what material I can borrow from my school library, not what I  was taught at an expensive college.  Sophie's World is delightful for it's  purpose: to introduce people to the basics of philosophy and apply it to a  fictional situation.  Gaarder suceeds wonderfully in doing that.  What the  world needs is a clear concise history of philosophy that helps HUMAN  BEINGS understand philosophy without having to spend hundreds of hours and  thousands of dollars.  Sophie's World is that book, not just another  overanalysis of Kierkegaard or Sartre which might as well be written in  Latin, because God knows most people wouldn't understand a word of it.   Sophie's World is a book for PEOPLE who want to understand the world of  philosophy, not a bunch of stuck-up intellectuals who think that only a  select few should be able to enjoy such information.  Yes, for people who  know everything, this book would probably be a bore, but for your 99%  percent of the country; this book would be a gem, and it is.
0790729369|5.0|Bridges of Madison County isn't just another &quot;Love Story&quot; that should be overlooked. The feelings that are portrayed in this movie, are very much real. I'm sure many of us have experience or even fantasied  ourselves in movies, taking on the role of the character. Moving your self  into the screen, imagining life, love, everything about the movie.<br /> Both  Meryl Streep and Clint Eastwood were selected to become Francesca Johnson  and Robert Kincaid. Personally, I couldn't imagine anyone else playing the  roles!<br /> Clint Eastwood cultivated the role of Robert Kincaid. He proved  to many that he had/has the ability to feel the authors character. Mr.  Eastwood's talent shines in many roles through out his career. In BOMC, he  reinforces the feelings of many through the eye of the camera, both on and  off screen.<br /> Meryl Streep proving to women and men across the country  that she has the serene beauty and talent to portray an Iowan Homemaker  reaching within for inner feelings that she at the time, needed to  experience. Ms Streep, has the natural aura of intensifying the character's  she represents.<br /> Share the lives of Francesca Johnson and Robert Kincaid.  A photographer lost in Iowa looking for the Roseman Bridge and the woman he  asks directions from . . . which eventually changes both their lives  forever.<br />
6305169187|5.0|Although I will admit that I am not a SCI-FI fan, I thought that Armageddon was great.  I know that some parts of it weren't technically correct and that some things seemed pretty unbelievable.  In spite of that,  it has extreme appeal to the emotions.  One minute you are laughing and the  next you are crying.  I think that criticizing this movie for it's  non-political-correctness is a bit over the edge.  It is just a fun movie,  not a political debate.
0553278398|5.0|A grand display of science fiction meeting real life.  Another hit.  Asimov's got it good.
1563523302|5.0|Well written, practical, useful advice, easy to implement. Above all, it is the single best way to become wealthy.
B00000FCBC|5.0|The new Metallica double album, Garage Inc. is an awesome addition to anyone's Metallica collection. James and Lars have kids now and they can't play thrash  metal forever. I think they're new maturer metal has a cool sound to it.  And for the die hard metal heads, like me, there's the old covers like,  Blitzkrieg, Bredfan, Am I Evil?, and infamous Last Caress/Green Hell. What  are you waiting for, go buy it!
B000002AVF|4.0|I usually don't like Mariah Carey's music.  To me, it all seems to be the same girl/boy lovey-dovey sickening stuff.  &quot;Daydream&quot; was no different. However, her vocals are wonderful and this easily makes up for  her sometimes unimaginative lyrics.  The re-make of Journey's &quot;Open  Arms&quot; was great.  However, what really got to me was the last song on  the disc, Looking In.  It TOTALLY abandoned Mariah's usual lyrics.  It's  amazingly true-to-life and heartfelt.  It has a bittersweet tone to it that  really echoes reality.  As a teenager, I could identify with what she  writing about and I believe this song to be the MOST accurate thing to real  life then I've ever seen or heard.  I commend you Mariah.  Even if you  don't like her music, this one song made up the difference for me.
B00000FCBC|5.0|When Metallica started they were a cover band.  They had 3 original songs along with about 8 covers of NWOBHM bands.  They've been doing covers all along and now they give the fans a chance to have all their songs on 2  CD's.  That's it.  That's the whole point.  And it's even more obvious with  the fact that they filed a lawsuit so other people won't profit by  releasing horrible sounding covers.  I think Garage Inc. is great and I  wish the so-called true Metallica fans would realize that!
B000002MP2|5.0|Green Day is a band on a major ego trip.  They're purely facinating to watch.  Their music is all a jumble of loud drums and guitars, but while this is quite tolerable (it actually sound kinda cool) it's the lyrics that  Dookie spits out that really makes you say Whoa!  They cover every topic  that the human mind could think of (from women abuing men &quot;Pulling  Teeth&quot;, (a personal favorite) to the all-serious &quot;She&quot;,  which contemplates a girl's view on the life in which she's in).  These  guys write songs that are real and they lose no time in expressing how they  feel (very bluntly, I might add).  It's a loud blaring CD that anybody who  has been smacked in the face with reality will appreciate.
6305126062|5.0|Beautifully filmed and brilliantly acted, the Horse Whisperer is as much about ordinary people's lives and values as it is about the tragedy of one family.  The director shows, in a key scene and throughout the film, how a  moment's decision (an impulse, a mishap) can affect and alter so many lives  around us.  The film score by T. Newman -- especially in the integral scene  of the horse/truck accident -- is amazing.  This is a lengthy film, but  worth every minute.  [NOTE:  You may want to try taking an intermission,  spending an hour or two at another activity, then returning to view the  rest.  This increased my appreciation of the film.] Scenery is panoramic  and stunning, at times reminding me of Andrew Wyeth, at other times just  presenting one of the loveliest locations in the US.  The actors have  strength and a sure understanding of their characters.  Along with the  tragedy and despair, we have humor.  Life on a ranch in the West is  contrasted with life in New York City.  The love story is rather subtle at  times, more  given to signalling than statements, eye contact rather than  clinches.  This appears to be more honest that most Hollywood  representations of passion and devotion.  The end of the film, which is  also the end of the romance, is merely lacking in a few lines of dialog  that would explain just why the lovers are parting; otherwise, the Horse  Whisperer is visionary, artistic, and haunting.  If you are fond of horses,  landscapes, good music scoring, characters, romance, honesty,  cultural  studies, this film is a pure pleasure.
0792838637|5.0|This Disk was designed to thrill a new DVD owner. It included almost every feature you could want to try out, multi-language, multi-subtitles, multi-narrative tracks, as well as the music soundtrack on a separate  playable track. Awesome intro and menu graphics truely make this a must  have/rent for anyone wanting to experience all that DVD has to offer.
B00000C28M|4.0|Anyone who listens to this recording with an open mind--with open ears--will appreciate the freshness and wonderful musicality of Glenn Gould's performance, especially in the first movement.  And let's face it:  this is the future for classical music.  These old warhorses need to be  aired out and led to a new watering trough once in a while or they'll  surely die of &quot;tradition.&quot; (Was it Oscar Wilde who said something  to the effect that tradition is too often just an accumulation of bad  habits?)      Unfortunately, what one also hears on this CD is an  outrageous amount of audience noise--an almost constant barrage of coughs,  rattles and other, undefinable, noises.  The sound engineers and  re-masterers should be embarrassed to have their names on the album.  What  a shame that this was not recorded in a studio, as Gould would surely have  wanted.  It's understandable why this is the &quot;first authorized  release.&quot;  Gould, who was such a stickler for technically good sound,  would never have authorized it in his lifetime.      Still and all, I'll  certainly be listening to it again and again.  (Bernstein's speech and  Gould's bit of interview are added treasures.)
630241380X|5.0|&quot;Lonsome Dove&quot; was a masterpiece. The story, actors, and sets where flawless. It is a movie to watch again and again.
6303020089|5.0|This movie is face-paced and never lacking  adventure. A great movie to watch over and over again! It is well written and directed with a  lot of action-packed stunts. One of my favorite action/dramas!!!
0553455532|5.0|This book had very real characters. The plot and the content was very interesting and captivating. I liked the ideas and suspence put into this book. I'd definately read it again and highly recomend it to anyone!
B000002H6C|5.0|This Metallica album represents the change from hard core, fast-paced thrashmetal, to the slower, but still heavy as ever, side of the rock spectrum.  This album takes a serious look at the corrupt justice system  and government.  It also lights the fire of many rebellions with songs like  Dyers Eve and Justice For All.  Of course, it wouldn't be a Metallica album  without the ritual song foretelling of future death and destruction.  The  song I speak of is Blackened.  You can almost see the bombs going off as  the world slips into chaos.  One, probably the best song on this album,  continues the spirit of Disposable Heroes as it looks at life from wounded  warriors point of view.  When you come down to it, this album really brings  out the true Metallica.  Fast paced, but also subdued.  Heavy, yet light,  it is probably the most contoversial album Metallica has done.  I give it 5  stars and would suggest it for any rock lover.  As for Metallica fans (like  myself)  this album is a must-have for your collection.
B000006OAM|5.0|I love every piece of work that she is or was  part of..... solo or in her 10K days ...tigerlilly and ophelia totallly capture my sole,and uplifts my spirits enough to tackle another day..True I love natalie when her songs  are faster and louder ....but the last two solo albums truely reinforces my  opioion that no female singer songwriter can shine her shoes... why do we  need so many dam break up-make up I want you back-i cant wait to see you  crappy love songs...Ms. Merchant voices her social,economic and pollitical  views threw her music .....and this is why I love her recordings... All her  songs have a great deep meaning with merrit and integrity!!  Will you marry  me?
B000002H33|5.0|If you had to pick the best Metallica album of all time, Master of puppets is it.  This is a fast paced, thrashing album that any rock fan will love.  The title song will blow you away with it's solos and wild guitar.   Sanitarium inspires the true sense of rebellion that everyone feels.   Disposable Heroes brings home a heavy point about the military today and  what might come in the future.  Orion takes you on a hard rock journey  through space, and Damage Inc. is just flat out awesome!  I give this 5  stars and recommend it to both newcomers and veterans of the hard rock  genre.
6305126062|5.0|I read the book, then saw the movie with my 12 year old daughter who had recently undergone brain surgery. I also have three horses which are ridden for amatuer showing and trail riding. I liked the end of the movie being  different than the book. Of all the cowboy friends that I have, NONE of  them would have stood still for the book ending. I thought that the movie  ending was classy and right. Robert Redford has taken a beautiful story and  brought it home to the real cowboys and cowgirls of America. Cowboy up  America! Romance doesn't always win...family values and morals are  important!
630197154X|5.0|Lets see a tale of media run amok all in the name of ratings and money. Sound like a &quot;60 Minutes&quot; piece? Well its not. It is incredibly articulate and scathing movie from 1976 which portends the coming age of  media craziness in search of ratings. Paddy Chayevsky's screen play  literally foretold the future of television and should be viewed in the  same light as Kubricks prediction of the societal changes in his 60's movie  &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot;. The acting by everyone in this movie is  memorable. So much so that Beatrice Straight and Ned Beatty both garnered  Oscar nominations although they appeared in but one scene. And lets not  forget the other nominees from the movie -  Faye Dunaway and William  Holden. Top this off with the Oscar winning performance of Peter Finch as  the insane (or is that messiah-like?) anchor man. Finch spouts one of the  signature lines of the 70's when he whips up his audience with the cry of  &quot;I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore!&quot; The  bottom line is that the powerful acting was fueled by an emotionally  charged script that produced one of the best movies of the 70's.  I highly  recommend this movie not only for its entertainment value but because this  movie was ahead of its time and has more relevance and meaning today then  it did at the time of its release.
6304613199|3.0|I would have given The Lost World four stars, but compared to Jurassic Park, it is three stars.  Jurassic Park had a good lesson and plot.  The Lost World had the same lesson, but not the same plot.  I thought it was  kind of a remake of Jurassic Park.  My grandparents didn't like it because  it was dark through the whole movie.  Jurassic Park was much better.
B00000331V|4.0|At their mid-seventies peak these guys were known as the poor man's Rolling Stones and for good reason. First, they played straight ahead rhythym and blues based Rock and Roll with fire, passion, and authority.  Second, frontman and showman extrordinaire Peter Wolf could have shown  Jagger a few moves. This album showcases two shows - in Boston and Detroit  - and most of the band's great songs. The liner notes will tell you that  the band saw itself as being at their peak and it's Mt. Everest. They're  tighter than the Stones have ever been (on their live recordings anyway)  and Wolf' s &quot;Wooba Gooba&quot; monologue sequing into &quot;Musta Got  Lost&quot; should earn him a forefather's award from the rap music  industry. Peak 70's Rock and Roll.
0446310786|5.0|It was a little funny and it really made you thin
B000002HMH|4.0|I'm really sick and tired of hearing people pna this album as the downfall of Metallica. Okay, it's true, they mellowed out A LOT on this album, but it's still some quality music. Some songs bite, and some rule. And, I don't  care what people say, &quot;Mama Said&quot; is NOT country. It's not metal,  but it sure as hell isn't country. I doubt that Metallica will ever return  to the style of ...And Justice for All, but who cares? As long as they keep  putting out GOOD MUSIC, not necessarily good METAL, I'm satisfied. And by  the way, who cares if they cut their hair? Nobody cares when the guys in  Pantera get a haircut, so why should it matter when Metallica does? Just a  thought for ya....
B000002UB3|5.0|Nearing the end of the Beatles career together, They still managed to write phenomenally beautiful songs and record them at their own studio ( Apple Records ). A true blend of a mature Beatles. A touch of serious  issues and lighthearted music. They are still without doubt the most  popular group and produced the most timeless music of the 20th century.  Legends!
076701099X|4.0|Amongst those who have seen last summer's motion picture &quot;The Avengers&quot;, and had no idea what it was about (I never saw the show beforehand, but had a lot of background info to start with) now's your  chance.  It's also the chance for many fans of the original  &quot;Avengers&quot; to cash in on the suspense series' first run on the  video market.  But this is just Volume 1, Trilogy 1.  So far eight other  volumes have been released from 1967, and inevitably other seasons will  come.  For now though, this is the place to start!
6305177473|5.0|This very funny movie was really great.I recomend it to everyone!
B00000DGUG|4.0|Okay... I was an Alanis naysayer for years. I figured that if people wanted pure piss and vinegar, they need only turn to Tori Amos, Liz Phair, PJ Harvey or L7... in fact an earlier review quotes these bands as well...  And I agree... there are plenty more angry femal artists out there who may  (and do) have more talent than Alanis... this doesn't mean she is incapable  of recording good music. SFIJ proves this. The pondering  &quot;Unsent&quot;, the malicious &quot;Front Row&quot;, the juxtaposing  &quot;UR&quot; - all of these songs contain really great lyrics and  interesting structures. Alanis' voice may be grating... &quot;The  Couch&quot; proves this, but for some bizarre reason, despite the gnawing  vocals, it's probably the stand out track. Knock Alanis. Give her the pink  slip. But I'm converted. She may not possess the rage of L7, the sheer  beauty and talent of Tori or the mindblowing musical prowess of PJ... but  she can hold her own. SFIJ is one of the year's best.
B000002MY3|3.0|There are a couple of good songs,but not enough to call this a great CD.I say,why waste your money?
0767811038|2.0|The film is very different from the rather dry book. Anyone who expects a moral lesson from the film will be disapointed: it's just about killing the enemy. Hence, the film includes much violence.<br />The director has tried to bring some finer points across, though. To those who care to look a little bit deeper it will become evident that the government and the army aren't really the \\"good guys\\". In facts they are portrayed as fascists - evident for example from the soldiers' unfiforms which are nearly an exact replica of German uniforms during WW2. The stylized symbol of Earth Government also looks suspiciously similar to Germany's imperial eagle. But I guess such points are lost on 99% of the American audience (see the reviews above).
0800141326|4.0|I enjoyed the movie a lot when I recently rented it.  If you don't expect drama or a deep plot, you can be very satisfied with this film.  Really, I don't think people should expect the &quot;monster movie&quot; genre to be  very intellectual in general.  Godzilla is a fast-paced, modern edition of  that type of movie and I suggest it to all that enjoy action &amp;  adventure films.
B00000AFFF|5.0|I just wanted to add my voice to the throng - this is my favourite album of the year by far and no superlatives are high enough for it.  Don't worry about Costello's voice - it's the sharp knife that cuts through Bacharach's  butter, and the combination is incandescent - with simply far more verve  than the more mellifluous recordings of Bacharach's earlier work (much as I  love them).  The songs are perfectly crafted popular pieces with all the  subtle musical complexity you expect from Bacharach, plus the heartrending  emotion in Costello's lyrics; it's hard to believe there are many new  themes in love songs, but he's found twelve!  The album has barely been  promoted - there is simply no airplay for this kind of material - but will  have long, long legs.  Enjoy!
6305169187|4.0|This movie kicked butt...definitely better than Deep Impact.  It was one of my favorites this year.  The special effects were great, despite technical discrepencies.
B000003NA4|5.0|&quot;Love Scenes&quot; is the best CD we purchased in 1998; we own over 300 CD's, and this hasn't left the player yet. Diana Krall is a master of vocal jazz, and her accompaniment is just as outstanding. If you have gifts  to purchase and someone who has &quot;everything&quot; on your list, treat  them to this CD. We played it for a group of friends recently. They ALL  went out the next day and purchased the CD. Along with everyone else  commenting here, I love her version of &quot;Peel Me A Grape,&quot; but I  also love &quot;How Deep Is The Ocean&quot;. <br />Anyone who has ever been in  love will love Diana Krall!
B000008H1R|5.0|Words + Music RAGE, what more to sa
B000002ULO|5.0|This is, perhaps one of Paul's greatest achievements since Band on the Run.  The depth, or is it greatness, of his talent runs throughout every song on this CD.  Do yourself a favor, get the most of this CD by reading  Paul's comments about each song as your listen to this masterpiece.   Subsequent listenings will be enriched by this information.  Paul continues  to amaze me!
0393038912|1.0|Diamond presents interesting hypotheses and evidence for the influence of geography and culture in shaping human societies, but states they are the ONLY causes of societal development.  Never forget that societies are made  of people.  People mediate the effects geography etc. have on society.  To  say that people (i.e., intelligence) have nothing to do with society is  tantamount to saying that nature (heredity) plays to role--that nurture  (environment) is the only cause.  Absolutely rediculous.  I cannot believe  anyone let this book get published with such a silly theory.
B000001DYY|5.0|What can I say?  Every time they release a new cut, it is more richly melodic than before.  Elemental shows a certain maturity, one that carries on to the followup, Raoul and the Kings of Spain.  As usual, the production  is first rate, but this time, the songs are first rate themselves.
0486278077|5.0|I do not know words to describe the way I feel about this book. The first time, with the exception of one chapter, I could not put it down. I have been hooked on Oscar Wilde since. I researched the period and wrote a term  paper on this book alone, and after that, when I still was not satisfied,  bought his complete works, a book of quotations, and a book about his  plays. I only wish by byeing these books I could understand and be  swallowed into the beauty of his wisdom. I can sometimes be an obsessive  person, and I suppose this is how my review sounds at this point, but don't  let your opinion of me detract you from interest in this book.It's worth  giving a try...you may become hooked too (by the way for Wilde fans..the  movie WILDE is a great window into his life). This book is written with  beauty and the words flow like poetry...warning though...people with closed  minds towards homosexuality should think of choosing a different book. One  of the most descriptive and hiddenly believable parts of this book is the  secret feelings Lord Henry has for Dorean. I don't want to misinterpret the  book, but i believe Lord Henry's feelings to be more than fatherly...great  excelent story!! my favorite book!! what more can be said???-SArah
6304806434|5.0|Con Air is packed full of action and breath taking scenes where Nicolas Cage is taken as a Navy Seal Con who killed a drunk man defending his wife. After inprisonment for many years its time to go home. While on the plane  home, guess what high-jacked by cons and Nicolas Cage must play along to  save him, a friends, and a womans life.
0790733226|2.0|Believable, well-acted, and fascinating, right up until thevery end.
0784010188|5.0|If you like action movies, this is one of the best.  The THX sound is great and the story is very good.  You have to like fiction.  Arnold is very good, funny and yet serious.  This is my all time favorite action  adventure.
0792151712|5.0|I will admit right from the start that Titanic is not an entirely perfect film; the dialogue, particularly in the first half, is rather crude and the modern day sequences seemingly lack energy (but perhaps for a reason--see  below).<br />All reservations are thrown to the wind, however, when the viewer  gets wrapped up in the romance of Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio) and Rose (Kate  Winslet) and the majesty and grandeur of the most famous ship in history.   It is a historical epic in the tradition of Gone With the Wind and Doctor  Zhivago (both of which feature similar flaws as well).  Nevertheless, the  film that seems to have been most influential to director James Cameron in  the making of Titanic is The Wizard of Oz: just as Dorothy is transported  from her humdrum existance to the colorful land of Oz, so is the viewer in  Titanic taken from the bleak, monochromatic modern world back to the  vibrant Technicolor of April 1912.<br />Possibly the finest aspect of Titanic  is the performance of Kate Winslet.  The film is basically about her  transformation from depressed teenager to brave womanhood, and Winslet  emodies the role with beauty and panache.  She runs the gamut, literally  and physically, in Titanic, and emerges with a radiance I've not seen since  Julia Roberts charmed audiences in Pretty Woman.  Winslet should've won the  Oscar, but that's a whole other column.
0399128964|5.0|Don't get caught up in the fact that this is scince fiction.  Too often sci-fi books don't get equitable critical evaluation - they are thought too fantastic.  Dune is a clear exception.  This is every bit the classic epic  novel.  A must read for anyone who would like to consider themselves  well-read.
0792153189|5.0|I was expecting a typical disaster story, but instead found myself literally in awe of the possibility of this actually happening.  I was (and a lot of other theatergoers were) glued to the seat for at least 30 minutes  AFTER the movie had ended!
6304025831|5.0|This movie really takes you down memory lane when it was exciting to go to Vegas.  High rollers, beautiful cars and evening gowns.  Wonderful cast and it isn't overkill on the violence.  Just loved it and one of the few movies  you can watch more than once and still enjoy it.  Viva Las Vegas!
6304916558|5.0|The sound and video quality of the DVD are exceptional.  In terms of technical quality, it's not Fifth Element or Starship Troopers, but it's very, very close.
0440180295|5.0|In reading this book, I gained knowledge of one's world. How things in life affect every aspect of our being. Somethings are not for our understanding and the writer clearly shows this. He lets us into his  personal life and his thoughts. This book is hard to follow at first, but  once the climax erupts, a new world of understanding is opened. I would  recommend this book to anyone who is not afraid to hear the truth.  This  book is real and I think it needed to be written. It will not stop war, but  it will open many minds to the effects of war.  Thanks Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.  and Kurt Vonnegut.
B000007RV5|1.0|HOW COULD ANYONE LIKE THAT KIND OF MUSIC?  ONLY INSANE PEOPLE WOULD LISTEN TO STUFF LIKE THAT! YOU MINE AS WELL ASK YOUR YOUNGER BROTHER OR SISTER TO YELL INTO YOUR EAR UNTIL YOU BECOME DEAF! YES, IT HAPPENS. YOU CAN BECOME  UNABLE TO HEAR WHEN YOU GET OLDER.         MY ADVICE: DON'T BUY THE CD.  YOU'LL REGRET IT.
0800184327|5.0|I absolutely LOVED this movie.  In fact, I saw it twice at the theater and will definitely be buying the video.  It has a nice plot, FANTASTIC dancing (it makes me want to learn latin dancing) and music (I bought the CD and it  is now one of my favorites) and best of all, makes you feel good when it's  over.  And...no bad language, violence or raw sex scenes.  I highly, highly  recommend this one and believe me, I don't say this often!
6303617719|4.0|Kevin Kline and Meg Rayan played their parts so well with all of the subtle cultural differences in tact for us to appreciate without tripping over.  Speaking as an American woman married to a Frenchman, I can say from  experience that the humor in this film definitely stems from true life!  If  you are in a Franco-American relationship of your own, you must see this  film.  We've been laughing over it for years!
6305226296|5.0|I recently started listening to the Bee Gees! If you are a fan, this is a must! They sound excellent live. This is the best they have ever  sounded!
B00000DHRZ|4.0|I am 34 years old with a wife child and another on the way. My friends tell me that my music tastes should be mellowing but I can't help but play this CD over and over again.  I love it.  I have only just discovered  Offspring and these guys are great.  I will not debate if this is a  departure, their best, worst or whatever.  Go and listen to it and make up  your own mind. For mine, It releases a feeling within that makes you want  to fly.  I hope my kids like it because they are going to be hearing a lot  of it.
630512065X|4.0|The experience of seeing Cats live can never be duplicated on a television screen, but this video is like an intimate private showing of the musical, done just for you.  It isn't the same as live, but that's okay, it is still  a great video.  What I love the most is getting to know all the characters  through multiple viewings, even the minor ones who have no lines or songs.   Elaine Paige's performance as Grizzabella is show-stopping.  Also  noteworthy is the actress who plays Jemima, and sings with Paige briefly in  Memory.  Jemima's voice is beautiful -- I wish there was a CD of this video  just so I could hear Jemima.  For fans of Cats and of musicals in general,  this video is well worth adding to your collection
B000002NHN|5.0|Loreena McKennitt's &quot;Book of Secrets&quot; is more than another album of Celtic or neo-Celtic songs-- it is a transcendent musical experience which crosses the borders of culture and time as few other albums have.  From the infectious spirit of &quot;The Mummer's Dance&quot; -- a  rightfully popular tune -- to the stark beauty of &quot;Dante's  Prayer&quot;, Ms. McKennitt has produced an album so incomparably complete  that one can only marvel. Every song is a gem. I can listen to it every  day, over and over, and even as it becomes more familiar I continue to feel  a sense of connection to other places and times and I experience a special  knowledge that we are traveling together. She has certainly brought a  garland gay to her listeners.
0399128964|5.0|One of the two greatest novels of science fiction ever written (the other being Heinlein's &quot;Stranger in a Strange Land&quot;), &quot;Dune&quot; always presents something different to you each time you read.  Such a  heroic epic of human survival and evolution.  Everyone should read this  book!
6303014100|3.0|Good movie to watch the first time but I felt like I was watching a mini series.  Fat Confederate reenactors make this a tough movie to take seriously.
B00000DHR0|5.0|I saw the CBS special of &quot;These are special tims&quot;  I loved every minuite of it and intend on buying her cd.  Celine is the best.   A celine Fan from Jamaica West Indies
B000001ESF|5.0|This is the Rush album that more than any other symbolizes, on the one hand, Rush's integrity as musicians, and on the other, the virulent hostility of the PC (Presumptuous Collectivist;Pathetic Conformist;Peer  Captive;Partly Cloudy [of mind]) Left in the music press, who've been  trashing them ever since. The title suite - not to mention  &quot;Anthem&quot; from &quot;Fly By Night&quot; - was based on Ayn Rand's  breathtaking novel &quot;Anthem.&quot; I highly recommend the book as  required reading for anyone who loves this album - it says more in just  over 100 pages than most authors say in an entire career...This album flew  right in the face of the hallowed 'protest rock' tradition, and vaulted  Rush into a class by themselves, comparable only with other bands who  achieved the same, like Pink Floyd, Yes, King Crimson. &quot;2112&quot; is  an era-defining rock classic that has stood on its own for 22 years.
6304539282|5.0|I should ask why I'm writing a review for a movie that every hard-core sci-fi buff should've seen, but I suppose I'm writing this for the other people out there.  This is the best sci-fi saga ever.  Buy it.
0385484518|5.0|I'm a slow reader, but I had this book finished in a day.  It pulled me in.  It also gave me a nightmare, but it was worth it.  While remaining positive throughout, the context is the tragic death of a man.  It's sad,  but touching.  A must read for everone who thinks they don't have the time,  and that such inspirational books aren't for them.
B00000FCBC|5.0|This collection of Metallica covers is essential to any Metallica fan.  Many of the new covers sound as if they could be Metallica originals, with the likes of Die, Die... and Astronomy.  Solid rock throughout the entire  album, including their old covers from the Garage Days years.  Excellent  album.
6304077955|4.0|This fantastically dark film is stunning in its singular intensity and its refusal to dumb down its subject matter.  There is very little real plot, but lots of interesting scenes will hold your attention.  If you are not a  fan of movies with a lot of dialogue you probably won't enjoy this film  very much, but at the same time if you think that cerebral conversations  about lofty subjects elevate a character you will find this to be a  disturbing surprise. Worth seeing.
6305177473|5.0|This movie is so cool!  The acting is fantastic and the music is beautiful.  Lindsay Lohan is an incredible actress, and you should definitely see this!  In my opinion, this movie is tons better than the  1960 version!
0792838637|5.0|Great Bond movie.  Spectacular cast.  No Bond movie is absolutly perfect, but this is in the top five.  This version of the DVD is superior to the other with more features, trailers, extras, and in design.
B000002A3T|5.0|Division Bell proves that Floyd can produce poetic ballads as well as rhetorical statements. It's an excellent compilation of true art-rock sound and well-written lyrics. The guys just do their best playing the  instruments. It's an awsome experience. Floyd shows their fresh beginning,  a new start in exploring the world of quality music.
6304916558|4.0|It has more features and a better design to the menus.  One of the best DVDs yet.  The movie is also an excellent Bond adventure, having all the classic things we expect and even more.  Brosnan even further cements his  take on 007.
6303593135|5.0|The fact that this movie was so popular in its day (late 1950's to early 1960's), and that it has remained a classic, indicates that it predicted the 1960's.  Many people compared the character played by Jean-Paul  Belmondo with their own drab, conformist lives and wanted to be like him.  By 1969, many were.  There's a wonderful soundtrack, but when white  subtitles are shown against a background of white sidewalk, you can't read  anything for scene after scene.  Still, this is a story of two fascinating  characters and their lives which will give you a lot of insight into the  era and how it became our modern world.
B00000634L|5.0|This cd is great!  They do an incredible cover of Quiet Riot's, Cum On Hear The Noise and it is the best!  This is a must have disc.
B000005JXG|5.0|IF you are a Pogues fan,don't have this album and are hesitant to get it, don't be!  This is the album that got me hooked to the Pogues.  Made up of 15 unbelievable tracks that just keep getting better and better as they go  on.  This album is great from If I should fall from grace with god all the  way to the broad majestic shannon and worms.  A definite must have for  everybody.
B000002AV5|5.0|Listen to Sade while you're with someone you really love..
6305169187|3.0|This movie is so over-the-top and ridiculous, you really need to leave any sense of realism at the door.  Every stereotypical, action-movie element, character and montage is here, complete with rock video editing and blaring  guitars, women weeping for their men, tough guys with heart.  On the other  hand, you can't help but watch and then cheer when the good guys save the  day, and our hero returns to the woman he loves.  If you consider yourself  a film critic, stay away, it's horrid (ack, that dialogue!)  But if you're  looking for a wild adventure in space, and you don't need to use your brain  for 2 1/2 hours, take a seat and enjoy!
B00000FCBC|3.0|Well, I bought this album thinking it was going to rule.  I was wrong.  THe second CD is GREAT.  But I already have it.  The only decent cover on the first CD is the Mercyful Fate medley.  Don't buy this CD, you already  have half of it, and just get a friend to make a copy of the Mercyful Fate  medley on CDR
0800141326|4.0|I have read some of the customers reviews and I must agree, the movie has  SPECTACULAR graphics. But why dident the cab explode like the heli's? And wasent that convenient that there was a HUGE power line right there for him  to stick it into Godzilla's gum? Not to mention that if that monster is  BIGGER than a sky scrapper, shouldent the ENTIRE city tummble down around  it self, from the several hundreds of thousands of tons walking around? And  the chase scene, if Godzillas legs are that long he should be able to get  around quite effectivly, like a sigle bound = 1-2 miles? I give this movie  a four because I liked the special effects alot. And the monster looked  cool too. I only seen him breath green fire once, how odd. :-)
6303073107|5.0|This is a must-see before the next time you are called for jury duty. You could probably be dismissed from serving if you tell the judge you've seen it and you no longer can believe anyone giving testamony.
6300248550|5.0|I have seen every other film version of this story, and this one stands head and shoulders above them all. Zelah Clarke is Jane fully realized, and Timothy Dalton does some of his best work as Mr. Rochester. I highly  recommend this video version to anyone who loves the classic tale of Jane  Eyre, or to newcomers to the story who long to get lost in a wonderful tale  of love and redemption.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This is my first CD done by Offspring and all I have to say is AWESOME! I love the music especially song 4 PRETTY FLY (FOR A WHITE GUY).  This is a great CD and I think whoever likes the kind of music this is a must.
B000002UDV|5.0|The reviewer from Washington DC must have been mistakenly listening to the Surfin' Safari album rather than Pet Sounds. They are *miles* apart.  While many early Beach Boys songs were indeed about surfing, girls, cruising, and  the like, Pet Sounds is an extremely introspective record. (Actually, the  earlier song &quot;In My Room&quot; can be considered an appropriate  precursor to Pet Sounds.) <br />On this album, Brian Wilson expresses longing,  uncertainty, pain, and the occassional sense of hope with incredible  eloquency. The harmonies are flawless, and the overall feeling is of a  composer and group at the apex of their career.<br />If you haven't discovered  this great album yet, go ahead and get it. You will not regret your  decision.
B000002J1I|3.0|&quot;Don't Kill the Whale,&quot; &quot;Madrigal,&quot; and &quot;On the Silent Wings of Freedom&quot; are the worthiest tracks on the album. &quot;Tormato&quot; fails for the very reasons that Yes has been  successful. The songs were too eclectic for their own good. Not that the  music is bad, but it is certainly not the best Yes could have done.  Besides, why would anybody ever play such a ridiculous instrument as a  &quot;10&quot;-string guitar (and why Jon Anderson?). Personally, I prefer  his Alvarez 12-string, and Steve Howe's...well all of Howe's guitars.  Anyway, it's worth a listen, but not worth a purchase.
B000002KIE|2.0|After years of ignoring this stuff, I finally bought this album just to see what all of the raves were about.<br />I am unimpressed.<br />Sure, it kicked off the whole &quot;angry punk nihilists with a (juvenile) message&quot;  revolution.  Big Deal.  This is a good thing?<br />Johnny Rotten hated  corporate greed and the big money-grubbing establishment.  (Yeah, well,  don't we all?  What a profound STATEMENT he made...Pfshaw.)  Then he goes  on to form PIL and become part of the establishment.<br />And that DIY (do it  yourself) thing?  Well, sorry, but you still have to have a shred of  talent.  The Sex Pistols had just that -- a shred.  Most of their DIY  followers, unfortunately, were lacking even that.<br />Historically, it is  significant... in the same way that the wreck of the Hindenburg was  significant.<br />Musically, it is boring, boring, boring.  The critics rave  about the ferocious fury, the slashing guitars, the spit-in-your-face  anger, the cocky self-assuredness.  How come all I see is a bunch of  almost-no-talent jerks, whining about this-and-that while  &quot;singing&quot; one-note melodies and playing simple chords at volume  11?<br />Or maybe I just don't understand where these hard-core punkers are  coming from.  Thank God for that...
048629823X|5.0|The style is direct and unpretentious.  The message is simple but extraordinarily powerful:  life is short, the past and the future are inaccessible, pain and pleasure have no meaning, but inside each one of us  there is a ruling faculty that is touched only by itself.  Only that which  makes us better capable of confronting our condition with resolution and  courage can be said to be good, and only that which makes us worse and more  unsatisfied can be said to be bad.  The only thing that is of any  importance is our own private quest for perfection, which no external power  can ever destroy.   Marcus Aurelius delivers many insightful and  inspirational observations about human nature and the human condition, and  he makes an excellent rational argument for seeking the good and for acting  modestly and continently.  I cannot think or a more satifying and moving  work, and it is all the more poignant because it was written by a man who  wielded almost absolute power and lived surrounded by the luxury, yet  managed to keep things in perspective and to occupy himself only with what  truly matters.  One sentence captures perfectly the spirit of his writings:   &quot;Where a man can live, there he can also live well.&quot;  An  extraordinary testimony of wisdom and fortitude.
B000002JSR|5.0|it's good, buy it...i didn't see any real hits so i didn't buy it at first, but when i did - i didn't regret it.
B00000FCBC|5.0|I've been listening to Metallica since their first album (yes album, not CD). This is definately Metallica at their best.
B000002JSP|5.0|all my love, fool in the rain and more...excellent CD. like all the other
0316743003|5.0|One of my english teachers once told me: Good books make you never want to put them down, great books are the ones in which you are so caught up in the story you never realize that you're reading. Rich's account lends the  reader a unique perspective into the lives of many who worked heroicly  behind the curtain of secrecy. A fabulous read!
B000002J09|5.0|w/o a doubt the best led zeppelin cd ever...stairway is one of the best songs ever, as is rock n' roll...a classic classic rock song...if aliens asked me what classic rock was i'd say listen to number two on led zeppelin  four (zoso). if you don't buy this consider yourself a lost cause. just  imagine the payback you can get....hours and days and months of great  listening, as oppossed to just two movie entrances...for the same price  i'll take the CD!!!
0894803123|4.0|Who doesn't like Ben and Jerry's premium commercial Ice-cream? The recipes in this book are for their familiar flavors and more. All ingredients are fresh and pure.  There is plenty of unusual  detail in the book. For  example,  who else bothers to mention  that it takes some fresh lemon juice  to restore a tanginess to the all too sweet flavor of over-ripened bananas  in banana ice-cream?   <br />Unfortunately, Ben and Jerry are shy about  providing techniques for refining the texture of the homemade version. But  then why should they know them? They make ice-cream with commercial  coolers. For refined techniques specific to homemade ice-cream,  you will  need to look elsewhere, like Liddle and Weir's &quot;Frozen Desserts&quot;.
0783226063|5.0|This is one of the greatest science fiction movies of all time, and probably David Lynch's most ambitious effort as a filmmaker.  The stunning visuals and production design are done justice in this release on  widescreen DVD.  This film is a worthy addition to any science fiction  fan's collection.
157492589X|5.0|My wife and I taped and have watched this 3-day TV epic at least 6 times and still get as captivated by so many great characters as the first time. I'm giving it to us for Xmas (sans commercials).  Just one touching  &quot;Lorrie, darlin'&quot; by a tender Gus says it all.  You can taste the  biscuits, and will probably NEVER see or read ANY comparable cowboy/indian  fights or tortures...except maybe for (yoweeee!) real cliff-hangers at the  hands of Ahumado in &quot;Commanche Moon.&quot; I used to think I was born  a century too late so I missed &quot;Rangering&quot; in  Texas...NOT!<br />During a 1991 Lonesome Dove reading and book signing in San  Antonio, TX Mr. McMurtry read from 3 of the over 100 accounts of his  Lonesome Dove characters' deaths...wish you could have been there.  And, if  you like Lonesome Dove you've gotta read &quot;Commanche Moon&quot; to see  Gus and Call in their middle years. <br />PS&gt; Larry told me where Lonesome  Dove really is...
B00000FCBC|4.0|2 hours of metal cover songs, mostly obscure, by pros who know how to crank it up. The best/most outrageous song is &quot;So What&quot;, but it's full of good stuff. Even &quot;Turn the Page&quot;, a whiny song  that I've  always hated, comes off well with Hetfield's desperate singing. It's  probably difficult to like everything on this or listen to all of it at  once, but this is a CD you'll want to play a lot, even if you didn't like  Load/Reload.
6300184064|5.0|As a member of public service for 22+ years,  I found this movie to be excellent !!  Robert DeNiro's role of the heating and air-conditioning engineer who would rather work freelance  instead of with &quot;Central  Services&quot; in order to avoid the paperwork, was absolutely astounding !  I even assigned the form number used in this movie,  &quot;27B/6&quot; ,  to our standard trouble reporting form that is used in our agency.  Some  of the phrases presented in the movie actually existed with one County  Government Agency with which I was employed for six years, specifically the  &quot;We are in this together&quot; line, as this was the catch-phrase of  our own union and County management.  This is a movie that MUST be seen  more than once in order to catch all the thought provoking background  detail  related to intelligence agency operations, and Civil Service in  particular.  Simply Amazing
6301640659|1.0|After reading about all of the controversy surrounding the making of this movie, I finally had to see it.  It was absolutely awful.  The scenes were choppy and hard to follow.  The reasons for all the murders was never  officially established.  Al Pacino, as our hero, was in no way likeable.   All of the scenes in the S&amp;M leather bars seemes unrealistic.  These  scenes were over the top.  It leaves you with the impression that Pacino has  taken over the persona of the killer he was trying to capture.  This movie  was awful.  You'll have to excuse me, after watching such garbage, I feel  like I need to take a bath.
0800141326|2.0|The summary kind of says it all. Nice try, but the producers would've been better off spending a little more on the writing and the director should've shown up for work.
B00000DHR0|5.0|Once again Celine outdid herself with excellent music
0449002632|1.0|As an ex-pat Londoner I was interested to read this book, if only for nostalgic reasons.  As a look at the development of the city it could have been quite interesting.  However, I found the extremely brief glimpses into  what were essentially flat characters lives very irritating. Especially  hard to swallow was the repeated interaction of two or three family lines  with the great figures of history, I mean Chaucer as godfather??  I finally  gave up when Shakespeare entered the picture.  It was just too much.   To  encompass the entire rich and varied history of a city such as London is a  massive task,  one not satisfactorily completed here.  I'm not sure that it  could be done.
B00000DHR0|5.0|I have been a fan of Celine Dion's since &quot;Unison&quot; and was absolutely floored by this CD!  Her rendition of &quot;O Holy Night&quot; is breathtaking.  I equally enjoyed &quot;The Prayer&quot; with Andrea  Bocelli.  Their voices just melt together; I have played this song over and  over.  The Christmas season won't be the only time of year I listen to this  CD.
B000002UA5|5.0|Most of the pieces in this album are truly original music concepts. Nick Mason's innovative ideas are quite salient not only for the time of the album's release, but for our times as well.  Astronomy Domine is an  outstanding piece in the history of Post-Beatles Rock.
630512065X|5.0|Cats is a great movie filled with fun, excitment, and adventure. It's a show for the     whole family. It showed what CATS really are instead of just nothing. It changed everyone's mind about cats and cats alone.-- With  all the awsome scenary, all the beautiful costumes, and expecially all the  talented people. Some things in the show you think is as easy as pie. It  probally took a real long time to memorize all those dance moves just for a  movie and a play. It is my favorite musical. With all the creative names  each and every one of us has our own favorite. My favorite is Rumpleteazer.  Who is yours?
0767807561|5.0|Only the beauty of Italy can match the charm and stunning smile of Marisa Tomei.  &quot;. . . the stars will be jealous.&quot;  The witty and hillarious scene stealer, Bonnie Hunt is at her peak.  &quot;Only you&quot;  is the european summer love story only movies could tell.  Don't expect  much on the &quot;extras&quot; side of the disk, unfortunately.  Don't  worry, you'll watch this heartwarming comedy over and over again.
6305169187|5.0|From a 41-year old professional: I went to this movie for a mindless escape and had a great time.  Of course, you must suspend any understanding you have of physics...but, so what?  It was a lot of fun to watch and held  my interest all the way through.  While my favorite movies do tend to be  serious movies with extensive dialogue (&quot;To Kill a Mockingbird&quot; ,  &quot;Guess Who's Coming to Dinner&quot; and &quot;Who's Afraid of Virginia  Woolf?&quot; rank amongst my favorites), this movie was a pleasant  surprise.  <br />In fact, I took two 15-year old girls and two 12-year old  boys.  The girls liked it better than Titanic and cried more at the end.   And the boys both cried at the end as well. <br />I find it amusing that  people degrade this movie for being so unrealistic.  It's pure  entertainment and not meant to be taken seriously.  It's dumb, funny,  exciting, and grabs your emotions.<br />I felt much more patronized by the  much exalted &quot;Titanic&quot; with its inane and juvenile love story  which was much less believable when you understand the historical and  cultural context of the era.<br />While not usually an action movie fan, I  will gladly go couch potato to watch my copy of &quot;Armageddon&quot; to  escape the rigors of everyday life.
0451524373|3.0|I'm sorry to break with the pack (see other reviews), but even though I enjoyed the story, the female romantic lead in this book was so completely inept and spineless she really began to get on my nerves by the end. The  one woman who has a brain and a backbone is also described as ugly and  therefore has no chance at marrying whatsoever. She is doomed to live with  her married sister only at the convenience of her brother-in-law. I suppose  that is the way it was in those days, but I had a hard time sympathizing  with the weak woman or the man who was so head over heels in love with her.
630516889X|5.0|Except for terminator, this was Arnolds first best  hit and one of my favorites.  Watch and you will see it is really 3 movies or 3 chapters in one movie, each with different suspense and pacing.<br />The photography is  great, moving cameras through the bush as it follows everyone and music  sets it all off great.<br />This one is a clasic.  Since it seems to be sold  out I guess many others agree.  I got my copy early.
B000000FG8|5.0|Operation Ivy is one of the true founders of great punk rock. They were one of the first bands to blend punk rock with ska guitar. This album is the best that I've ever heard. They did so many damn good songs in their  short existance. I can't give a favorite because every song is classic.  Jesse was one of the greatest lyric writers that I've ever heard. His  poetic lyrics constantly remind all the Punkers and the Rude Boys to keep  striving to make a difference, and to maintain that sense of urgency and  hope. I treasure every OpIvy song, and really wish that they had written  more. But until that fateful day, you must get this CD. Then go and grab  every Rancid CD, since Rancid is the main spawn off of OpIvy with Lint and  Matt. You haven't heard truly great punk rock until you hear Operation Ivy.
6304994540|4.0|Anyone who lives in southern California is inevitably exposed to each and every one of the characters in The Big Lebowski, and they are all real.  The Coens, as usual, demonstrate an uncany ability to capture the reality  of those who lead ordinary as well as offbeat lives and make it comedic.   Even in tragedy, they fnd a way to also portray some of the dignity in  humdrum existence (like in the death of the Buscemi character and camp  burial of ashes).  While not a companion in the strict sense to Fargo, it  nonetheless belongs in a special place with that and their other films.
0792151720|5.0|Watch this movie for fun.  We all know about the fate of Titanic.  It's amazing that Cameron can make a whole movie based on the sinking of a ship and especially when everyone knows that it's going to sink.<br />Don't try to  find a political or social message in watching this film though the  separation of the social classes play a role in who survives.  Just enjoy  the amazing special effects and the very healthy Kate Winslet.  You will  feel a sense of loss if you remember throughout the movie that so many  people died terrifying deaths on that fateful day.
0792839730|5.0|The true story of operation &quot;Market Garden&quot; during WWII.  A massive air drop into Holland to cut the German lines in half by the Allies.  Great photography, story line, actors, and actual equipment.  A  tribute to what a great movie should be.  If you like this one, check out  &quot;Waterloo&quot;
B000005QH3|5.0|I have to love this movie because when I first saw it I was the proud owner of a 1970 Dodge Challenger R/T with a 383 Magnum and Hurst pistol grip 4-speed on the floor!  Saw it at the drive-in movie---was a mere 19  years old at the time, but I do remember being not entirely safe upon  leaving the drive-in that night.  Have wanted that same car for many years  now, but the closest I have been able to come up with is a copy of  Vanishing Point!  Being older now (47), I can see where the plot of the  movie is rather shallow, however, I rated the movie on what it should be  rated on---the car chase scenes!  Still one of the best ever!!
B000002LCK|5.0|I first bought this album on cassette when it came out. I was in High School at the time and it immediately became my favorite album.    Since then I've owned Substance on record, CD and now, digital, making it the only album in my collection to cross multiple platforms. And that not only sums up the quality fo the music, but it also sums up the characteristics of it as well.    Substance is full of music that crosses many genres and seems to create whole new ones as well. New Order themselves were originally punks, then they invented goth, from there they joined the post-punk crowd but quickly added keyboards and went on to start a rock-dance movement. In addition, the remixes that make up most of this album have a \\"jam-session\\" vibe to them that feels a little like jazz.    It's all here on this one CD.
B000006NPY|5.0|There was really only one reason for buying this album: its from the pumpkins. Yet I got no rat in a cage or such music, at first I thought &quot;this is too weird for me/what total crap&quot;. But not relishing  another trip to the record store I reluctantly played it the hole day. I  must say it is now one of my MOST played albums at the moment.  Billy has  been criticised for not having enough grungy/heavy rocking type material on  this album (if you can find any at all), but if you really adore SP then  you will find yourself in love with this beautiful work. Looking forward to  the next release in '99.
6305126062|5.0|Robert Redford has learned the art of crafting a film. With the exception of a couple of brief and relatively mild expetives, this film told more than one story of self-realization. From a young woman learning to express  feelings to her mother's understanding that corporate life is not the  end-all, be-all to life. Discovering the value of family over the corporate  world's rush for self-absorption and greed, was a great lesson for my 10  year-old daughter to observe. The romantic side of the story worked as if  lifted from Bogart and Bacall or Spencer and Hepburn. No explicit sex  scenes. Just well orchestrated passion that even my daughter could observe  and discuss after we saw the film.  Five stars for Redford who understands  plot and cinematography better than most directors. With a feel for the  European style of thoughtful closure more than the American need for  slam-bang closure, the ending allows for the mind to construct what we  believe should be the ending of this touching saga.  Perhaps this has to  come from artists who, like Redford, are Renaissance types active in  environmental and children's causes. He is a film-maker who directs from  the heart. The Horse Whisperer is a great example of this.  Maybe there is  hope for Hollywood yet.
B000002HMH|4.0|How's that for shocking, kids?  These guys have indeed grown up.  Nice chops &amp; lyrics too.  And Ulrich is one of the few Danes with a rockin' bone in his body.
B000002BSV|5.0|&quot;Coming Up&quot; offers such a splendid display of Suede's exceptional vocal, lyrical, and musical talent.  &quot;The Chemistry between Us&quot; is the perfect example of how Suede, after giving us two  amazing albums, being stripped of its guitarist, and adopting a new pop  style, still manages to spoil us with its genius.
079283965X|4.0|A must-see for all Bond fans! The BMW car-driving scene alone is worth the price, and can be seen again and again with the same nail-biting effect. An added bonus for stunt fans is the motorcycle scene - classic Bond all the  way! Although Brosnan is not Connery, he comes closer than any previous  Bond to the suave superstar. Fast-paced, funny and frivolous, my only gripe  against this movie (and the reason why I withheld the fifth star) is  Jonathan Pryce! What a wet noodle for a villain! I miss Gert Froebe, Curt  Jurgens and thier villainous ilk! C'mon guys, how about DeNiro or Pacino  for a villain? I'll bet they'll blow everyone's socks off! But the saving  grace here is Michelle Yeoh! A female Jackie Chan, she deserves more  exposure to action scripts. Teri Hatcher and Joe Don Baker are more than  adequate as fillers.
B000005EJL|4.0|It does take you a while to get used to the jazzier Supertramp.  But I like the result the more I play it.  And there's enough of the old Supertramp sound to enjoy.  Since Hodgson left, Supertramp's lyrics don't  evoke the same soulful spiritual themes as they used to.  I guess that was  one thing great about the old Supertramp; the contrasts available within  the same band.  Nevertheless, I enjoy Live to Love You (I heard it on muzak  at the mall one day!) and Get Your Act Together (listen for the Sesame  Street harmonica at the beginning!).  My favorite here is And the Light,  which I heard was written in the spirit of reaching out to Roger to come to  some understanding.  Classic Rick Davies' vocals.
6300246787|5.0|I loved the movie; however, I have to correct the viewer from Bay Area, California who submitted the last review.  Taller of the two men who worked for Mr. Vandergelder was not Michael Crawford, it was Tommy Tune.  Crawford  played the shorter of the two.
6304711905|5.0|I am not a western fan, but I absolutely love the movie.  The entire cast is wonderful, Val Kilmer is the best out of all the characters.  And I know he was supposed to look sick with tuberculosis throughout the entire movie  but he still looked Great!!!
B000002BPS|5.0|I boughgt this CD a couple months after it came out and I musy say that it was the best they have ever done. I enjoy almost all of the songs on it but &quot;Mota&quot; &quot;Gone Away&quot; and &quot;Change the World&quot; are  my fav.
0440219078|5.0|This book is a great book for all ages! It teaches you to appriciate things in life that you often take for granted- color, sunshine, choices. This book made me realize how important choices are. Without them we are  just empty shells carrying out tasks. Even without pain things can be  lifeless.I loved this book and would recommend it to anyone!!
0688158234|5.0|This autobiography describes Dirie's life in Africa, her passage to womanhood, and her life as a supermodel. I couldn't put it down.
6302508878|5.0|The movie industry has outdone itself in this classic Movie. The Beast was as real looking as the Star herself, Fray Wray. This has become my all time fwavorite. Keeps you on the edge of your seat.
6302732778|5.0|Far beyond what so many sci-fi films have tried or will try to be.  Visionary filmmaking by Ridley Scott that will never look outdated.  The story, although a little hard to follow in some parts, makes you care about  the characters - even the artificial humans.  Other than Raiders of the  Lost Ark, Harrison Ford's role as a futuristic detective is his best.   Watch it, rewind it, and watch it again.  Scott took his time on this one  and it shows.
0451163540|5.0|I loved it!  A completely implausible story that Follett somehow makes believable.  Many times I wondered &quot;How is he going to pull this off?&quot; and then he does it. It was one of his best.
0553210246|5.0|If I were ever to be an English Literature teacher, The Mayor of Casterbridge is the first book I'd start with. Not just because it's filled with themes of major gravity or features extraordinary descriptions of  England and its culture, but simply because it's a damn good read.  One  reads it at a breakneck pace, occasionally stopping only when plot twists  have one's jaw dropping on the floor.  This is one of the most truly  amazing books I've ever read.
0767802659|4.0|No, your right, the movie has nothing to do with Star Craft, Yet watching it made me feel like I was terran foot soldier! Ok, I can do better than this... The movie was great! I watched it and wonderred why it was so  poorly talked about? Sur, some of the effects are ppor like the giant fire  worm blow up seen. But it's humor and mix of blood bath battle scenes make  this title a definate buy. Few films I see make me want t o\watch them  again, but this one is definatly one of the few I do want to see again.
0783219172|5.0|This as some great affects added to it to make it look the way it looks.The director makes every ghost look as real and life like as if to be really there. If you liked the Ghostbusters movie you will love this one.  M.J. Fox does a great job in this movie. If you like suspense and surprise  you will love this movie. You don't find out who the killer is and when you  do theres another surprise. i highly recommened that who watch this movie  as soon as possible because who will love it , like I have.!!!!
6305169187|5.0|Simply put, a great movie. Don't get me wrong, I love a good plot like anyone else, but that is not why I got this movie. I went to see this movie because of the special effects! The plot was good too, better then  ID4! Come on people, enjoy the eye candy and go see some other movie if  your looking for the great plot...
0891903313|5.0|One of the best books you will ever read is the symbolic and fantasizing story, The Little Prince.  This book is the best novel ever written and it is NOT A LITTLE FARY TALE.  When I first picked it up I thought it would be  but it shows you many things and has definately affected my life.  If you  read this I can almost garentee you will love every last page of it.
0780020685|5.0|Most foriegn to Japan, atleast in my age group, tend to flock to Japanese Anime completely overlooking the live action films. This is a grave mistake. Seven Samurai gives a feel that Anime enthusiasts will love! It's  story is original and well layed out. Acting is model and cinematography  VERY well done! All in all I would say this film is much like a Japanese  westren including it's final shoot out scene. Infact, as you probably  already know, it inspired a popular western.
B00000FCBC|5.0|The second CD will please Metallica fans of the &quot;Old School&quot;. If you believe a band should find a sound that works, fine tune it, perfect it, and play it better than anyone else, these covers rock!!  Songs such as  &quot;So What&quot; and &quot;Last Caress&quot; prove that when it comes to  fast, raw, hardcore metal noone can play it better than Metallica.  For  those who believe a band can evolve over the years and find a sound that is  just as hard and heavy but sounds nothing like what they've done before,  the first CD is for you.  With covers ranging from Bob Seger to Black  Sabbath, Metallica proves they can &quot;Metallicize&quot; any song and  make it cool.
0060168366|2.0|One must give some credit to Johnson for his ambitious attempt to narrate American History in one book.  That said, the result is a frighteningly simplistic, depth-free &quot;listing&quot; of events.  Worse, where he  tries his pen at explanations of important moments in US history  (particularly recent history), his point of view seems to come from Mars  instead of London.<br />   Johnson displays an amazing lack of understanding  of American politics and law.  He chides American leaders and policy makers  for their naivete, and he almost chuckles &quot;I told you so&quot; at  America's international &quot;failures&quot; (as defined by himself) -- all  attitudes that one associates with pre-WWII England, before the American  rescue of the British way of life.<br />A project of this magnitude would be  vastly better if written dispassionately and without sly commentary.  His  slant of history makes the read much less enjoyable.
0786889284|5.0|Ridley Pearson's prose, the &quot;fire&quot; element, the construction of the plot and the realism of the characters make this book the ideal choice for anyone who desires a novel with a difference.
B000000WFF|1.0|I thought this CD was utterl terrible! It stunk so bad its not even funny.!   SPICE GIRLS SUCK! DAVE MATHEWS BAND ROCKS
6304044836|3.0|Now, please don't get me wrong, the movie does have its strengths- Harrison Ford as Linus Larrabee was a delicious treat and a believable role for one of my favorite actors and Greg Kinnear as David was the coup of the  century-perfectly cast! However, my biggest regretable point is Julia  Ormond (who I immensely enjoyed in Legends of the Fall). She is, sorry, too  old not only bioliogically, but in her whole demeanor, for the part and  seems like a strange choice to play the part of an innocent and sheltered  daughter of the Larrabee's chauffer, even of the plot has been updated for  the 90's (working at French Vogue instead of attending cooking school). I  guess she was the It Girl at the time.Personally, I would have loved to  have seen Darcy Bussell, prima ballerina with the Royal Ballet in the part  of Sabrina. Or perhaps Christy Turlington. (Based on all the supermodels  popping up in every other film, I do not believe it would have been a  stretch.)Understandably, anyone in a remake of an Audrey Hepburn part would  have a tough going at it, but I could not get past that one mis-cast,  though I did overall like the film. But the title is Sabrina- not that foxy  Harrison Ford!
0790736241|5.0|This is a very home-to-heart movie based on an equally great if not better book by Carl Sagan.  This movie is one of the few that doesn't give us an outlandish look at extra-terrestrial life, but rather, and scientific view.   This is also one the first movies I have seen that has endorsed SETI and  made it a large yet subtle part of the movie.  I can compare this to the  season finale of Star Trek: The Next Generation, where a movie and a  television show have a science fiction story underlined by an age-old  moral.  I don't want to spoil it for anyone who hasn't seen this movie.  My  advice: even if you aren't a science fiction fan, this movie is a must to  go see.
0385484518|5.0|Thank you to Mitch Albom for introducing me to Morrie. I was delighted that they both felt a need to share with the rest of us something about living life to the fullest.
B000007RV5|5.0|If you like Korn, You will love these guys. After seeing LB perform live this cd is a MUST have for everyone.
B000002KIE|5.0|I'm sorry, but if you tote the name punk you have to love the pistols. the journalist caroline coon dubbed them so. Never mind the Bollocks is great...if someone says buy crap like the Clash or Ramones, demand the real  thing. music is skill+emotion, so thier lack of skill is greatly  improvised. &quot;bodies&quot; is my personal fav, its a spiteful  non-religious pro-life song. The pistols loved to insult both leftists and  right-wing pigs.  What a great band...what a memoriable album....
B00000ADG2|5.0|For a first CD, regardless of the fact that it is Laryn Hill, it's slammin'! There is a lot of soul and realism in every song. I can not wait for her next album
1558803602|5.0|Great Movie! Spectacular and moving performances.  The story will make you sob, watch it with a pint of ice cream and a box of tissues!
0345409671|5.0|I think this book was well written. Don't get why others don't like this. Maybe if you don't like the theological debate you shouldn't read it save if for people who enjoy and have maturity....
B000002HMH|1.0|When Metallica was in they're prime (w/Cliff Burton) they had that special edge that made them so great.  After Cliff died and Jason took over, the band was not as good as before, but managed to pull off some good stuff.  I  thought the Black Album was alright, and And Justice For All was a really  great piece of work.  But this album just s**ks.  The energy and spirit are  just not there.  This album made me give up on Metallica.  At least I can  still enjoy all their old material.
0374172897|5.0|Unlike the previous reviewer, I am not a big fan of &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot; -- but that may be because I read it AFTER reading &quot;The Hours.&quot;  Following Mr. Cunningham's shimmering prose, Ms. Wolff's  seemed excessively dense.  Nevertheless, &quot;The Hours&quot; is a  brilliant &quot;reworking&quot; of the classic, but one that stands on its  own as one of the best books of recent years.  Ever since I read &quot;A  Home at the End of the World,&quot; Michael Cunningham has been one of my  favorite authors.  (And as a result of reading that book, his others, and  essays he has written, I have developed a massive crush on him :-)--  hopefully he'll do a reading/signing in DC.)  I was thrilled to find  &quot;The Hours&quot; on the shelf at a local bookstore. I picked it up  immediately and couldn't put it down -- it is gorgeously written, highly  engaging, and intensely moving.  A particular testament to Mr. Cunningham's  talent is that, even though the &quot;surprise&quot; at the end is really  no surprise, his ability to create characters and situations you really  care about keeps you eagerly anticipating the resolution of his story  --  but not as eagerly as I anticipate his next book; I just hope I don't have  to wait as long as I had to for this one!!!
B0000009SY|5.0|Listen to it and you'll understand why Zappa is so grea
0802133347|5.0|This fine book is often overlooked as a commentary on the class structure that separates Connie and Mellors.  Crude as he appears, his senses are in some ways more refined than hers, and by sexually enslaving her, he turns  convention on its head.  The falsity of the social divisions between them  makes the reality of their love even more intense. I've recommended this  book to Sociology and History students studying this period, and they have  thanked me for helping them understand the complexity of inter-class  relations in a painless and entertaining way.
0792835077|5.0|&quot;Delos-the vacation of the future today. Contact your travel agent to go to Medieval-world, Romanworld, and Westernworld&quot; Two businessmen, Richard Benjamin and James Brolin, embark on a vegitating vacation to a  recreation of 1880's in the Old West where human-like robots cater to your  every whim and give realism to the Western surroundings. To start off,  Benjamin gets off bad with tough robot gunslinger, Yul Brynner and they are  enemies from the start at an incident in a salloon. Brynner keeps coming  back for more and he gets blown away two times. It's a carefree environment  for Benjamin and Brolin. Bar-brawls, fast flings with female robots,  jail-escapes,and other enticing escapades. All is fun and games until the  robots liberate themselves and don't play it the way it's written,  particularly Brynner who comes back a third time to do business and rid  Benjamin and Brolin from the earth! A central malfunction occurs throughout  the park and the mechanical wonders start killing the guests. After  Brolin's death to Brynner's gunslinger, Benjamin is chased across the whole  resort while the lethal and unstoppable plays the fiery predator out to do  his dirty work in what promises to be the most exciting and suspensful  chase sequences in the history of 70's sci-fi (the other being the chase in  &quot;Soylent Green&quot;). This film wreaks with social comment and even a  post-apocolyptic vision of too much dependence on the machine age. Michael  Crichton, the author, directs. Resembling &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; in many  ways.
B000002OK3|3.0|Its 16 tracks, 8 songs. Some are great: &quot;I gotcha&quot;, &quot;Stuck in the middle...&quot;, Little Green Bag&quot;. Some are awful &quot;Fool for love&quot;, Coconut&quot;.  This is why i gave only 3 stars to it, the  fact that it switches your mood when you get to the awful ones, i guess  thats what you get when you buy soundtracks.
0070511136|5.0|I have been trained in many selling processes in the past - Xeroz PSS, Wilson Councilor Selling, Tom Hopkins, etc. - but SPIN Selling is the most logical, well-thought-out approach for the complex purchasing decision  making selling process. I compared its approach to published research on  buyer behavior involved in making a significant purchase and SPIN Selling  addresses the buying processess superbly. I strongly recommend it.
0792151712|5.0|As movies go, this one is well structured.  The characters are well developed, the plot points are very straightforward, the story is well written, and the actors did a good job of expressing the material to the  screen.<br />This is not a movie for people who have a lack of intelligence,  lack passion, and have no artistic vision.  Such individuals should  probably purchase a copy of Terminator 2, or similar movie with lots of  explosions and pointless chase scenes.
6303477259|5.0|This really is like being there at a live show only better.No hasseles!Almost as great as&quot;Delicate Sound of Thunder&quot;[6 stars]
1564428117|5.0|I found HALLOWEEN to be one of the scariest movies I have ever seen it has terror, suspense and drama all in one. DONALD PLESANCE&quot;S performance as well as JAMIE LEE CURTISI'S performance as the deranged micheal myer's  sister is top notch as well. This movie is everything those FRIDAY THE 13th  movies aren't. It doesn't rely on fake blood and guts effects either and  relies more on a good storyline which makes it a horror classic,  Definatley you'll want to leave the light on after you watch this film I  gaurantee it,
6302732778|4.0|The Directors Cut without the voice-overs of the original movie does not provide the morality play characteristics of original.  I have watched the original movie about 20 times and have been fascinated with the deepth of  emotion that it brings to the screen with so little in the way of dialogue,  but without the voice-overs much of this is lost.  I watched the directors  cut once and enjoyed the scenery but not much more.  Amazon should find  some copies of the original to sell.
6304806426|5.0|I am stunned that this movie has slipped to somewhere around the 80th on Amazon.com's hit parade of top 100 DVDs.<br />  This movie almost has to be seen at least twice to appreciate its depth and haunting images, and I  can understand the criticisms of the movie as just a little too slow, but  this is from the standpoint of American culture's addiction to empty action  movies.  I liked it very much the first time, but I was blown away the  second time as the characters, being more familiar, pulled me in.  Some of  the scenes, such as the scene at the end when he carries her out of the Cave of Swimmers, are just extraordinarily powerful.  If  you immerse yourself in it fully, this movie will pull at you for days, and  haunt you, reminding you of any great love in your life that got away (or  that didn't get away) whether you want those reminders or not.  It will  make it painfully clear what really matters and what really doesn't.  It is  one of the richest viewing experiences I have ever had in any movie.  Watch  it, and bring someone you are not embarressed to cry in front of to share  this experience with.  It will move you unless you are almost unreachable.  This movie says it all.
6305169187|5.0|This movie is a kick ass action pack hold on to your seat bite your lips thriller..if you like action this one is the bom
B000002LCI|4.0|Maybe not as good as &quot;Black Celebration,&quot; but still a great album. &quot;Never Let Me Down Again&quot; is a classic. &quot;Strangelove,&quot; &quot;Pimpf,&quot; and &quot;Behind the  Wheel&quot; are also good tracks. &quot;The Things You Said&quot; and  &quot;Little 15&quot; are kinda brooding but in that unmistakable way that  makes Depeche Mode as good as they are. Just another really good album.
0792838084|5.0|Easily the best film of 1986, and among the top 5 films of the decade, David Lynch's Blue Velvet, much like his own cult classic Eraserhead, is truly a landmark in the history of cinema. It would have been nice to have  a letterboxed version since most of the fans of the film are true  cinephiles, and Lynch composition is very &quot;painterly&quot; and uses  the entire 35mm frame, but I am grateful that it is available at all.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Every song on this album resonates with a sound of musical eccentricity and emotional bliss. Possessing the structures of fusion jazz and classic rock, the songs on &quot;OK Computer&quot; are driven and yet easy to  listen to. &quot;Airbag&quot;'s screeching guitars kick off the album  emarkably well, setting the mood for such crazy pieces as &quot;Paranoid  Android&quot; and &quot;Climbing Up the Walls.&quot; &quot;Karma  Police&quot; is the jewel on this album, but the entire album is a  masterpiece of innovative rock music. Get this album.
630512065X|1.0|If you're a kid under six or the eccentric owner of more than, say, 10 or 12 house cats, give this dog five stars.   If you are a somewhat discerning, semi-intelligent adult, own zero to one cats, and have a  modicum of good taste, two dry furballs is very, very generous. To be fair,  however, when &quot;Memory&quot; is sung, there aren't enough stars in the  sky for this truly brilliant performance of a beautiful classic show song.    But when the song ends, it all comes crashing back down to a mediocre,  grossly over-rated one-song dud worth a single very wet and smelly furball.   Your kids deserve better -- go for Cathy Rigby in &quot;Peter Pan,&quot;   &quot;The Lion King,&quot; &quot;Beauty and the Beast,&quot;  or  &quot;Annie&quot; on CD instead. At least it'll give their imaginations a  workout and they won't have to look at a lot of poor, struggling actors  embarrass themselves in those ridiculous costumes.
B00000FCBC|5.0|I thought that  Metallica sold out when they released &quot;Load&quot; and &quot;Reload&quot;... then I heard this CD, and it rocks. It's really heavy and the best I've heard from Metallica in a few years.
6304414048|4.0|Elisabeth Shue gives the best performance of her career so far.  In fact, she outshined Cage in spite of his credibility as a hopeless drunk.  It is through her that the viewer comes to understand and respect the emotional  beauty and complexity of human intimacy that exists and is crucial to even  the most desperate and depressed of us.  I unfortunately know life with a  terminal alcoholic too well and was a little afraid to see this film after  hearing about the stark realism in it.  In fact, I was relieved that  physically it was not nearly so grim and gross as the reality.  However,  emotionally the film is very realistic in portraying alcoholism and the  conflicts of anyone who truly loves the alcoholic.  I loved that it was  unapologetic and unsentimental toward Shue's prostitute character.  Compare  this to 'Pretty Woman' (a frightening double feature, there!) to realize  what a twisted fairy tale joke 'Pretty Woman' actually is.  The only reason  I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because there are a (very) few films that  have just blown me away completely and I'll reserve the 5 stars for them.   This one is excellent and powerful though.
B00000DHRZ|1.0|&quot;Pretty Fly For A White Guy&quot; is the song to blame for the death of punk music. Dexter Holland's voice is incredibly annoying. I kinda liked &quot;She's Got Issues&quot; and &quot;The Kids Aren't Alright&quot;, but  the rest of the CD is very bad. I used to like the Offspring, but now they  completely sold out with &quot;Pretty Fly&quot;. If you want REAL punk  music, check out Bad Religion or Refused.
030716327X|5.0|This is an excellent memorable childhood classic. I remember it from when my little sister was a baby. It facinates babies through the neat textures (sandpaper for Daddy's whiskers). With the bunny it makes a perfect gift.  (Gushing review, but how many baby books do YOU remember 20 years later?)
6304711891|5.0|This movie is for all of you out there who are tired of love stories invading the box offices nowadays.  It keeps your heart pounding from start to finish, asking yourself questions like, &quot;will Cage find the  rockets?&quot;, &quot;will Harris even launch one?&quot;, &quot;will they  set up an air strike?&quot; etc.  Even the most sensitive viewers will  probably find themselves cheering Cage on as he blows the mercenary out the  friggin' window with one of the rockets!  YES!!!!
B000006OAM|4.0|When I bought this CD I didn't know what I was going to get, for (as incredible as it may seem) I didn't know Natalie's work. But it turned out the whole album was my type of music...very powerful lyrics, especially in  &quot;Ophelia&quot; and &quot;My Skin&quot;. Definetely a CD to consider.
0805047905|5.0|My son received this book as a gift on his second birthday.  It's one of his favorite books, and really helped when he was learning his colors.  He is even able to read part of the book simply because of the repetitive  style.  I think it boosts his self confidence and encourages an early  interest in reading.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I am a new Alanis Fan and loved her last album...This one did not grab me right away but boy has it knocked me out!!! I have owned it for  4 weeks and simply cant stop playing it!! She inspires deep thinking and self  reflection.....I feel good any time I listen. You nay sayers obviously  hav'nt given it a chance..Because if you did you would follow suite with  Five Fricking Stars!!!
6305171769|4.0|Halloween H20 is the first Halloween film since the first to include Jamie Lee  Curtis and her character of Laurie Strode. This extra addition to the film, adding emotional touches to the plot, automatically makes it an  above-average film.  Yet what I liked about H20 was the way in which it was  not trying to be as clever or as funny as Scream, but rather merely  attempted to bring the old, classic style of horror back to the  movies.....no sophistication necessary. What results is a very scary film  with more jumps than  in any other horror film, and a Michael Myers that  seems much more realistic and less &quot;robotic&quot; than in Halloween  parts 4, 5 and 6. Michael Myers kicks serious arse, while violence is by no  means tame.  In fact, numerous horror references also show a degree of  intelligence to this film.
6303566898|5.0|Every year at Christmastime I must watch this movie.  And every year I cry at the end.  Jimmy Stewart was such a wonderful actor and in this movie, he is surrounded by the perfect cast.  I know it's only a movie but every time  I watch it I feel so happy for George Bailey during the final scene.  And  on many occasions I have used the theme of this movie to remind people how  blessed myself and others are because they are in this world.  One of my  all-time favorites!
B00000DMJF|5.0|I bought this with a little hesitation. There wasn't anything on the sleeve indicating that it had been remastered using current state of the art technology(20 or 24 bit, like PET SOUNDS, or HDCD like the  Springsteen's TRACKS). The sound is marginally better. It's still a great  album, although a bit spotty in areas. Some of the Beatles' greatest songs  are nestled next to some of their most average tunes. My question is why  Capitol didn't reissue this with the mono mixes(some of which differ  substanially), or at the very least, the rest of the legendary demos  recorded at Harrison's house. It looks like Capitol didn't give much  thought to this reissue--just slap the 30th anniversary label on it and  repackage it. This classic deserves better, but while EMI is in control, it  is unlikely to be done the way it deserves. The packaging, while  duplicating the original(well, the original lp didn't open from the  top...curious choice) packaging with the poster and glossy photos, Capitol  fails to package it in very sturdy cardboard. It's like they decided to do  a half assed job because, in the U.S., they can get away with it. Come on  guys! Get with it! Reissue this album(along with Sgt. Pepper, Revolver and  Rubber Soul)the way it should be--with bonus tracks(mono or otherwise)and  superior packaging! No wonder they did such a poor job with most the  Badfinger reissues--they just don't care about the quality of the music, or  how historic it really is! A sad comment on the music industry. The music  is still great, though.
0062511408|5.0|This book should be mandatory in all elementary school systems.  It is a beautifully simple piece that exemplifies the true nature of humans in relation to the divine.  This is REAL magic, the key that humans have been  searching for. We all posses the power of alchemy and Coelho shows us how  to get there so simply and so perfectly that this book can not be denied.
B000002UB6|3.0|The Beatles became a dysfunctional band with \\"Let It Be\\". There are handful of classics and clearly McCartney was in control here. The bulk of the great or nearly great tunes here are by Paul. John chimes in with courtesy of a remixed overdubbed slowed down version of \\"Across the Universe\\". Spector  went back, doctored the original tapes and added it the choir and orchestration. There's also the awkwardly \\"I Dig a Pony\\" which Spector improves by chopping off the beginning of the first verse. McCartney's \\"Two of Us\\", \\"Let It  Be\\" and rocking \\"Get Back\\" are among the best tunes on the  album. Harrison's \\"I me Mine\\" is a three minute distilation of  the problems with this album(and the Beatles--particularly the issues that  led to the break up). It's one of Harrison's best tunes, full of sarcasm  and wit(only surpassed by Harrison's \\"Sue me, sue you blues\\" and  \\"This Song\\" from his solo albums). \\"I Me Mine\\" was the  last song recorded by the Beatles(but only three of them--Harrison,  McCartney and Starr, Lennon was unavailable) and a fitting epitat for the  band.  Hopefully, when Capitol gets around to issuing the 30th Anniversary  version of \\"Let it be\\" they might consider adding outtakes, as  well as, the songs written for the album, but not included. A sad ending to a  great tale, but there was just enough great music left to put together a  fitting coda--\\"ABBEY ROAD\\".
6304697961|1.0|The transfer to DVD is very poor (worse I have seen yet).  There are so many artifacts in the video as well as black portions of the letter box that is can be quite distracting. The movie is a great movie but save the  dough and by it on VHS or see in when it is on cable.
0679721037|4.0|I am a 14 year old from Boulder, Colorado so please excuse any spelling or punctuation mistakes. I am also a starting out WWII buff  This book taught me on the horror of the bombing. I almost made a trip to the  bathroom quite a few times. It also taught me of the events of the day.It  was gripping and I coulden't put it down. I would recomend it to people who  are 12 years old and up.I realy enjoyed reading it.
006097625X|5.0|Understanding Comics lucidly covers material that should be of interest, not only to comic book artists, but to every student of contemporary design. McCloud explains the various mechanisms that artists use to create  compelling combinations of images and words, and why audiences respond to  them. Since comics are sequential art, this book applies directly to design  problems encountered in internet and multi-media design. At the other end  of the spectrum, there are insights about basic drawing technique.  Understaning Comics covers it all.
0694003611|2.0|Our eighteen month old has long ago shelved this book, and I must say I support his &quot;decision.&quot;  I guess its okay for a bedtime book, but there is no plot, the illustrations are uninspired, and it fails to engage  the little ones I've read it to.  We got it as a gift, but certainly would  pick other books to give as gifts to others.
0062502174|5.0|I'm just halfway through this book and I already want to read it again. I sincerely believe that this is a book that can alter the readers life. Few books provide such an insight on what life is about and chasing your  dreams. This book will surely cause you to reflect on your own life and to  chase your dreams.
0788811355|5.0|They don't make movies like this too often.  The story, dialogue, acting, and camera work was fabulous.  A heart wrenching drama, not unlike Empire of the Sun, made for an engrossing and enjoyable movie to watch.  The cast  performed stunningly well in their roles- this movie is a must see.  For  the first time in a long time, the awards this movie recieved are well  deserved.
6302820448|5.0|This move was a pleasant surprise.  Being a Murray fan it was a must.  On the surface the move is entertaining as it moves through the many stages of his dealing with being trapped in what was initially an insignificant day  with insignificant people.  On other levels, the movie deals with the  importance of man to himself, those around him (even thoughs he only  briefly interacts with), and  to the brief time we all have on this earth.  <br />For those who enjoy light entertainment it is enjoyable, for those who  enjoy metaphysical messages it is a must.
0684800713|4.0|For a story without much of a plot, &quot;The Sun Also Rises&quot; manages to invoke a haunting realism.  That was the point of Hemingway's work.  This was, after all, the &quot;Lost Generation,&quot; recovering from the  horrors of the &quot;war to end all wars,&quot; World War I.  There is no  urgency in the characters.  They don't set out to accomplish acts of  heroism.  They're selfish and, for the most part, sit in bars and drink and  tell Cohn to get the hell away from them.  That's pretty much it.  A trek  into the Spanish countryside, however, and vivid descriptive elements of  the &quot;running of the bulls&quot; in Pamplona make this a worthwhile  read.  Don't look for literary heights as much as the effects of world  catastrophe on young lives.  This work goes a long way towards explaining  what happened to those who suffered in World War I.  Don't feel sorry for  them.  Just learn from them.
0793927501|5.0|It's all about what you focus on.  Two extremes are presented - a billionaire who got there the old fashioned way and a want-it-all-the-easy-way (just take it)photographer.  Who will face the  adversity? Who will survive?  Is his adaptability quick and strong enough  to save himself?  What about the others - will they live, too?  Who has the  Edge, and what is it?  It's a story about living, and how to live.   Everything else is background.
B00000AFGM|3.0|I found that this album just blew me away the first time I listend to it...why? I have no idea because ever since i have just found the vocals and entire sound to just be so repetative and annoying..I loved Antichrist  Superstar and enjoyed Portrait of an American Family but this just isn't up  to par.  It is too main streem and not as much manson and his band mates as  it is David Bowe and his..So in other words it is a Bowe type style of glam  rock except Bowe does it much better...i would much rather prefer to hear  manson's old goth -alternative sound rather than this glam heavy on the  keyboards stuff...not that i don't enjoy Gacy on the keys..he did an  awesome job on Antichrist but i found the drone to get preety  annoying..some songs though are well done..acctually all are well done just  not excellent...My favorite was &quot;the last day on earth&quot;..i also  enjoyed &quot;i don't like the drugs...&quot; and &quot;fundamentally  loathsome&quot;...and &quot;the speed of pain&quot; is an excellent song  but the synthasized voice gets preety monotonous after awhile....i would  recomend this album to any hardcore fan though...but if you are a fan of  NIN or somthing and looking for some creative yet hard-core music check out  antichrist superstar which is one of the best albums of all time....
6305177473|5.0|I saw this movie in the theaters with three little girls and a little boy, and we all loved it.  At one point in the movie, the movie snapped, and we wouldn't leave until they fixed it.  Lindsay Lohan did a great job playing  twins, and there was never a more evil &quot;Stepmother&quot;. except maybe  for Cinderella.  Dennis Quaid and Natasha Richardson were very lovable and  quite funny.  Another bonus of this movie were the addition of the  housekeeper and butler, who were both funny in their own right.  It was  laughs from start to finish, and a movie everyone will enjoy.
B000003NA3|5.0|This is a musical document the likes of which rarely sees the light of day, in this age of skillfully-packaged pop. The high point is a version of &quot;Chasin' the Trane&quot; which is essentially a tempo and a key  signature, and Coltrane roaring through the changes like a demon, affirming  that he was (and will be) atop the pantheon of great improvisers, alongside  few others. If you are a Coltrane fan...if you are a jazz fan...if you feel  music deep in your soul then this is one of the greatest collections  around. &quot;Live at the Village Vanguard&quot; marks four days of magic,  of purest creation by one of the towering figures of 20th century music and  his fellow band members, arguably the greatest small jazz ensemble ever  formed.<br />Just buy it. Don't wait...just buy it and listen.
B000006OAM|5.0|I have been a very dedicated Natalie Merchant fan since I first heard her perform with the 10,000 maniacs but I have grown to truly appreciate her work through solo releases like &quot;Ophelia.&quot;  Every song on this  and all of Natalie's albums is an exact and perfected work of emotional,  intellectual, and sociological poetry.  When her words are put to music and  echoed by her own voice the combination is by far some of the most  impressive lyric poetry of our time!
B000003489|5.0|While Trane's greatest work is undoubtedly &quot;A Love Supreme&quot; (a more visceral, more spiritual exploration), this is the album which took the 14-year-old bebop tradition and bent it...then tore it asunder. The  stunning blast of energy and innovation that is the title track starts off  a whirlwind journey which, by the end, has taken chordal jazz farther than  it has ever traveled; and with &quot;Naima&quot;, Coltrane bids farewell to  his bop upbringing and offers us a haunting vision of the future of his  music. This album and &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; serve as dual markers of the  year 1959, when the paths of modal and chordal exploration crossed, and  John Coltrane served as guide. There is nothing quite like this album, and  it represents a crucial turning point in Trane's career, summing up his  progress and pointing toward his future. No serious jazz fan should be  without this album.
0375404414|2.0|i started reading this book with some hesitation. it seems to me that mr folliet's writing have contiued declining in quality and interest from his former works, most especially &quot;eye of the needle&quot;. &quot;hammer  of eden&quot; is better suited as a marvel comic  rather than a novel  format.  the characters are so thinly written as to be little more than  opaque and the various plots within the story just don't stand up to  reality. finally, the fact that there still exits a commune that seems  to  have been successful in its efforts after 25 years only to fall lock-step  into the wishes of an illiterate flake does us former hippies a  disservice.tbcha@epix.net
B00000DFRS|2.0|Hearing that Whitney Houston would be releasing a CD made me very excited.  Listening to Whitney sing is a true experience.  It is like hearing one of the wonders of the world.  After she gets through with a song, no other  singer can touch it without getting into trouble.  Her rendition of the  National Anthem was a demonstration of this.  After listening to this new  collection of songs, though, I was not left with that feeling of inner  movement.  The lyrics and content of the songs themselves demonstrated true  talent, but many seemed like they would have been better suited for Mary J.  Blige, not Whitney.  I didn't feel an attachment between her and the songs  like I usually feel with her.  Many of the tracks seemed to be too immature  for a lady like Whitney Houston to be singing.  Don't get me wrong.  Some  songs I did like.  When You Believe and I Learned From The Best were great.   I have been looking forward to a pairing with Whitney and Mariah. I hope  that it will not be their last collaboration.  Either voice could've  carried the entire song, but they blended with each other perfectly.   <br />Every person in their craft yearns and must experiment, in order to  grow.  I just hope that with this last endeavor that Whitney Houston will  return to the type of music that all of us love to hear her sing.
0385312083|1.0|I didn't enjoy this book at all.  I didn't like the constant skipping around of text.
0880381736|5.0|A must read!!!  This great tale will have you begging for more.  You will grow to love the heroes and the way they form their characters as the story moves along.  There is a hero for every person to look up to.  But I  believe Tasslehoff Burrfoot should get special reconition, you won't forget  him and his &quot;handler&quot; ways.
0767802659|5.0|I have to wonder if the people whining about the \\"facist\\" world presented in this movie bothered to listen to the director's comments on this DVD. If they had, they would have discovered that Paul Verhoven grew  up in wartime Holland, and is fully aware of the horrors of war. This movie  is intentionally a comic book, and the \\"over the top\\"  representation is meant to shock you and make you think about what it means  to defend a society and how far you are willing to go to do so (how many  personal freedoms you are willing to give up). That is fully in the spirit  of Heinlein's books (and as much as I loved growing up reading Heinlein, if  you don't think he was a raging fascist, you weren't reading between the  lines).<br />Lighten up and enjoy the movie for what it is, an action-packed  homage to World War II movies of the 40s. There's a reason why archetypes  exist in art and literature--because they pack a lot of meaning, so don't  put this movie down because it uses stereotypes to convey political ideas.
B000000OEI|5.0|It's a great soundtrack. I espcially love the historical roots it has I don't think most people realize that some of the vocal tracks on the CD are the US Naval Academy's official Hymn. The music truely conveys the depth  and importance of the job of the Navy's most elite sailors.
6304167660|5.0|I think this is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen.  There are so many great actors and one liners that I dont know where to begin.  Willie C. and Marty make the movie.  Two thumbs up!!!
6300183971|5.0|I found this move absolutely visually and mentally spell-binding.  Having never seen it before or picking up a copy of the 6 novels included in the Dune saga, I was taken aback.  I was lucky enough to have someone sitting  next to me who had read all 6 of the books to awnser questions throughout  the movie.  Regardless, one can still highly enjoy this movie with or  without all the inticacies of the plot present in the novel.  For you other  reviewers, I think it is unfair to judge this movie based on it's  representation of the series.   2 and 1/2 hours cannot fully entail the  entire storyline, and to attempt to do so would make the movie even harder  to grasp for the average movie-goer.  The Bottom line is:  Read the books  and see the movie.  Try seeing the movie, then reading one of the books,  then seeing the movie again, then reading the next in the series and so on.   You'll like them both, no matter the order.
B00000DFRS|3.0|Fans of Whitney's first two albums, namely WHITNEY  HOUSTON and WHITNEY, are likely to be disappointed by this latest CD. To this listener, Whitney's voice has become somewhat raspy, perhaps due to her reportedly  heavy cigarette smoking. The best cut on Whitney's new CD is her duet with  Mariah Carey, IF YOU BELIEVE. But since this cut also appears on Mariah's  #1'S, I'd suggest you buy just Mariah's new CD and skip Whitney's latest  effort.
B00000DMJF|5.0|Take the greatest musicians of all time add some great norther sole mix in some really cool rifts and what do yo you get? Answer quite possibly the greatest album of all time, put it this way you aint got a record  collection if The Beatles White album isn't in it!
0440539811|5.0|A sprawling epic with the premise that every conspiracy you've ever heard of, and more than a few Urban Myths are absolutely true. Think of it as a Reader's Digest version of the contents of a counterculture bookstore tied  together by a satire of adventure novels that is really a serious dialogue  about the nature of (perceived) reality as outlined by Aleister Crowley and  Oliver Stone, written for the screen by Terry Southern from a story by  William S. Burroughs, edited by James Joyce. Fnord.
B000007OY0|5.0|I can not beleive that anyone would say this movie lacked surprises.  I remember the first time I watched this film.  The friend who was showing it too me was avantly hushing all around:  &quot;You have to play close  attention!&quot; she said in an excited whisper as the opening scene began.   &quot;All of this is going to be important.  You don't want to miss  anything!&quot;  Just recently I happened to be in our dorm lobby as  another person was showing this to a &quot;first-timer.&quot; (I've watched  the movie five times and I still discover new things about it.)   &quot;Shhhh!&quot;  She said...pay attention...you don't want to miss any  of this!  All of it ties in lator.&quot; It made me smile.  That's just the  type of movie this is.  It'll keep you on the edge of your seat, but is  ridden with meaning, too.  It's a movie English major's and action flick  fans both get excited about--it hits on many different levels.  Shawshenk  Redemption is one of, if not the best movie I have ever watched (to be more  specific, it was the BEST movie I ever watched until I saw Good Will  Hunting.  Now I can't decide which is better.)
B00000G3PA|4.0|I own the LD version. Studios often use the same print and soundtrack materials to master the LD. Anyone concerned about Buena Vista's poor DVD track record and weak support for the format (i.e. no anamorphics) can  breathe a sigh of relief. The print is immaculate, the transfer pristine  (as were other Bruckheimer films like THE ROCK (also by Michael Bay),  CRIMSON TIDE and CON AIR). Incredible detail, colors fully saturated, and  amazing contrast-- even on the asteroid scenes which were shot in murky  blues. The DVD version will be 20% sharper and more detailed (though I'm  wondering how that could be possible, this picture was amazing and  indistinguishable from even my best DVD's). The 5.1 Dolby Digital track,  which is certainly to be the same one used on the DVD, tops even FACE/OFF  in its brilliant, inspired use of split surrounds, fiery depth, and broad  front sound stage.Take back 1/2 a star for some initial level surfing in  the center channel; the mix kept me guessing where to put that center  level, and is occasionally (and intentionally) overwhelmed by the  pyrotechnics and ongoing rock concert. Otherwise, the film is exhausting.  Reference quality.While I still wish for an anamorphic DVD and more  extras, I've placed my order for this beauty, as I'm confident this is a  reference quality disc, in spite of Buena Vista's DVD policies.Jump on  this like it was a hand grenade.
B000002V07|5.0|This c.d is brillant in EVERY way possible.Mazzy Star is just such a heartwarming,takes your breath away kind of band!I love everything about this band and their c.d's.There is not a word to tell you how GREAT this  band is!I recommend this c.d to everyone no matter what kind of music you  listen to.This c.d is a MUST along with all the rest of Mazzy Stars  c.ds.Hope Sandervals lyrics and voice is so amazing and mesmorizing.I could  go on forever about how wonderful they are and I love this band.You must  buy this c.d and if not you have some kind of major problem in taste.
0553284347|5.0|I love this book! I find this book to be a valuable resource on dealing with my physicaly and emotionaly abusive family. It covers the various types of abuse, making it helpful for many Adult Children of Abuse. Most  importantly, it helped me realize that I don't have to put up with my  family's abuse anymore. It brought hope and support into my life!
0393038912|5.0|Diamond ignores the general rule of modern scholarship that forbids authors from summarizing difficult material in a serious book. By not dwelling on any one topic for too long, Diamond is able to convey the big  picture to the reader - that societies (like everything else known to man)  are where and what they are on account of physical causes, not destiny.   This is a great book.
B00000D9TK|4.0|Celine Dion's latest French release S'IL SUFFICAIT D'AIMER is no big departure from her usual form of ballads and pop jems.  However, as compared to her last album, the record-breaking classic D'EUX (THE FRENCH  ALBUM in the United States) this new collection is slightly disappointing.   Jean-Jacques Goldman who produced both albums churns out generic pop here  with less soul than the last effort, yet that is not to say this album is  weak.  Rather, it is not anything that stands out in a rack that may  include titles by Ophelie Winter or Lara Fabian.  Then again, this is  Celine Dion, and she is at her best in her native language, even if this  album was rush-recorded in less than 2 weeks earlier this year.  The stand  out tracks in my opinion are &quot;L'abandon&quot; and the title track, and  if you're a Celine Dion fan, this is very sweet candy for your ears.
B000002UY3|5.0|Everything Mazzy Star does is just amazing.Hope Sandovals voice is just angelic and it moves me like no other.This c.d is great,I think their two best c.d's though are &quot;So Tonight I might see&quot; and &quot;Among my  Swan&quot;.Its just I love Mazzy Star so much and when I saw that this  person only gave it 3 stars I just couldn't deal with it.The one reason why  I think that Mazzy Star is brillant is,that no matter what mood you were in  this band just puts you in a state of relaxation and listening to the  beauty of this band puts anyone in a great mood!Just buy their c.ds(which I  recommend the two I mentioned above) and you will know how beautiful this  band is.
B000002INJ|5.0|&quot;Wheels Of Fire&quot;, track one, was the first Manowar song I ever heard, and probably my favorite ever. If I had to be stuck on an island with ten CD's, this would be one of them. Most heavy metal fans would  agree.
0790734850|5.0|L.A. Confidential was, in my opinion, the best film of last year and the DVD is just great. Tons of extras that are actually fun and worthwhile to explore, superb sound, and a beautiful Widescreen picture make this a  &quot;must-have&quot; for film fans. One of the very finest DVD's I have  had the pleasure of experiencing.
0380713802|4.0|I bought Bryson's book while idling in Heathrow, waiting for my plane to Nice. I started reading it soon after boarding.  Trouble began when I started laughing out loud. The plane was maybe 1/3 full in business class  (where I sat), and I tried to keep my guffaws down, but could not. I had to  stop reading when I started getting strange looks from fellow passengers  and the flight attendants.  So, I have a warning for anyone buying this  book: don't read it in public. Read it in quiet places where noone can see  or hear you! Being Belgian myself, and having lived in Luxemburg and  France, and been to many of the places he mentions, I can tell that he hits  the mark on more than one occasion!
0345350499|4.0|I loved the book from the start, but it's length is very hard and after a while without enough patience, i almost put the book away...finally i finished it, (an achievement of sorts) i was quite glad for it to end, sad  the way it ended, but left questioning still what became after that, who  should have led Britan and all. Might be the length, but it gets rather  draggy at the end. Still, a good read all the same, i don't reckon i'll be  picking the book up very soon, but no doubt i will for sure again.
B000002G87|5.0|Eric Clapton at his absolute zenith!  I believe this to be the greatest record ever made...there isn't a bad tune on it and his supporting cast on this album were the best muscians playing at the time.  The singing,  songwriting, and music made Derek &amp; the Dominos one of the tightest  groups of all time.  Anyone that knows anything about music will agree...
0792838637|5.0|This is a superb example of Bond at its best, after losing its way in recent outings Bond returns with a Bang. A must have for DVD owners every feature exept multi angles to play with. I would only criticise it for not  having some more extra material such as a making of documentary
B0000000LI|5.0|This is why I now purchase Yanni music.  I saw Live on PBS.  I usually turn tv concerts off, but this one caught my ear and it was captivating. I keep this CD at the top of my list!  Would reccomend for anyone that loves  good music!
6304981635|5.0|The film needs no intrduction as it the best martial arts film ever made. The DVD is a masterpeice of digital technology, the re-mastering provides a peerless video quality which looks as if it was filmed this year only the  clothes &amp; hair styles give it away. Its matched with The re-mastered  5.1 AC3 soundtrack which is crystal clear. The film is complete with all  deleted scened restored. I only wish Lee could have had a few more bouts as  his fighting was all too short until the final scenes. Look out for a young  unbilled Jackie Chan in the mass fight sequence near the end.The DVD extras  whilst good and plenty are a bit repetative especially the 10 or so  trailers and there is an excellent Lee documentary which is out there but  sadly not included (one which shows James Coburn recalling how Lee tried to  teach him the one inch Punch!). In all The DVD is double sided and one side  is devoted to extras so you really can't complain. The only thing that  really is sad is the knowledge that Lee died shortly after completion and  most of his other films are an insult to his memory (many are patched  together out takes using lookalikes etc.) Buy it!! your collection is not  complete without this film. As always best viewed on a big widescreen with  muscular AVI set up.
0800196341|5.0|I am a Shakespeare freak.  I normaly don't like transplanted Shakespeare (I hated the new Romeo and Juliet) but this was amazing.  Keneth Branaugh prooves himself once again to be the best thing to happen to Shakespeare  since the writer himself.  I was very much impressed and recomend it to  every one.
0783228317|5.0|I've got to agree with one of the other reviews: you either loved it or hated it.  That is, you either got it, or missed the point entirely.  What a hilarious, crazy, mesmerising film!  Long live Duke and Dr. Gonzo!   Follows the book faithfully, and man, were some of those scenes realistic  (don't ask me how I know!).  My only complaint: I don't agree with  Thompson's final analysis of the Sixties.  That aside, see this movie!
B000002TLX|5.0|.....and everybody who just wants a sampling of his best work! I would not have wanted the job of choosing the titles to put on this compilation. He is in my eyes the best singer/songwriter of our times and I have too many  favourites. But as it is, this selection turned out pretty good and is an  absolute must have for music lovers!
B00000DFSK|3.0|The 80's wasn't a great time for music. U2 certainly stood out from the dross. It's easy to be nostalgic but hard to argue that much of this stuff measures up to their most recent work, particularly their masterpiece  Achtung Baby (if you call the early 90's recent).<br />The choice of tracks is  odd. Sweetest Thing is a bad joke and the Rattle And Hum era must embarrass  U2. I suspect Bono wakes up in a sweat every second night. However the  first 6 or so tracks capture nicely what made the band so popular - the  energy and passion and earnestness which contrast so strongly to the  cynical self referential Pop and Zooropa.
630382336X|5.0|This movie is not only the quintessential portrait of the Beatles and Beatlemania (as we would like to remember them), but is a true period piece, capturing the flavor of the early Sixties.  Insightful, brimming  over with wit and charm (and pathos!), this film is a must.  And let's not  forget all the GREAT music.  Don't underestimate this film: it's about more  than just the Beatles.
B000007NYS|5.0|Lucinda Williams is truly one of the most talented performers of the generation.  She is finally getting the credit and recognition she deserves, but I am happy to admit I have been a fan of hers for over ten  years.  Her music is moody and heartbreaking at times and the stories she  tells makes you feel that she knows of what she speaks. It is rare to find  music that touches you so deeply and a performer who is able to get the  message across so absolutely. If you like country, modern/alternative rock,  or folk and especially if you like hearing women sing it, this record is  for you.
6303014100|4.0|What could possibly out do the sheer drama of the greatest crisis this country ever faced?  Gettysburg is an excellent film, magnificent in scope, filled with truly great performances (did you ever see Jeff Daniels any  better than this?).  Just a few flaws: the battles scenes were quite good,  but I've seen better, and the film occasionally takes its own historical  importance too seriously.  Still, a good film, and I can't complain too  much, I own a copy.  Look fast during Picket's Charge to see Ted Turner as  a Condeferate and Ken Burns as a Yankee.
B000002UE9|4.0|Sure, Poison is the butt of a lot of 80's glam metal jokes, but they must have done something right to be remembered!  Of course they don't rank with music legends, they weren't trying to.  But if you can listen to  &quot;Nothing but a Good Time&quot; and &quot;Your Momma Don't Dance&quot;  without feeling any kind of rush of party adrenaline, you've lost your love  for fun rock 'n roll music, or you never had it in the first place.
6304639457|5.0|A totally amazing performance that will have you on your feet cheering even though watching on a TV screen.
0440214041|5.0|Though not quite as good as A Time To Kill, in my opinion this is one of his best books.  He manipulates people and situations in a believable manner that makes one keep reading until the dawn breaks.  Truly a good  read.
B0000042MY|5.0|I initially bought the CD for the single track #6.  But I discovered that the entire CD is just amazing.  As soon as the music starts I seem to forget the immediate surroundings and it immerses me into the world of  chivalry and honor.  In addition, If I close my eyes while the music is  playing, I can almost touch the music.  The tracks #6 and #18 are simply  the best.
0385470819|4.0|I have read each of John Grishams novels and in reflection would rate &quot;A Time to Kill&quot; the best. It has the most touching characters and their stories unfold dramaticly throughout the novel for the most  impacting ending of any of his stories. Unlike the dark characters of his  other books, A Time to Kill's characters have impacting deep backgrounds  that allow the reader to know them. I read this book in color even though  it was written in black and white.
0670880728|4.0|Not often do you find a truly funny book that at the same time has very human qualities--and foibles we recognize as applying to our own sins. Sometimes we need the odd book with which we can relax and simply enjoy.  Now I await the sequel!
B000002L7V|5.0|In my opinion, SACRED HEART is one of the best rock albums of all time. Ronnie James Dio is pure magic. The lyrics are all so colorful and mesmerizing.
080017948X|5.0|What a great movie!  There have been many days when I wished I could get a &quot;do over&quot; and try again to say or do the right thing.  Bill Murray is at his best in this comedy that really makes you think about how  life works.
0385486804|4.0|quite haunting about the reaction from this book from the alaskan region.  you would think that folks would respect someone for wanting to live off the land and make a life for him/herself.  chris was young and very mislead  to believe alaska was something spectacular and welcoming.  i have been  quite inspired by krakauers writing about this young man. i feel it to be a  shame that the only thing people can grasp from his experience is that he  wasn't prepared to survive. unfortunately, we can only learn and grow from  chris's experience and for the next individual to brave the last frontier,  maybe guide him/her and help.  chris as was intelligent, maybe not so  logical and i believe there is a piece of him in each and every one of us  who wants to travel and explore and be one with themself, learn and live  with no cares in the world except to keep moving on and have a good  experience upon experience along the way. he died and it is a shame....we  can only say &quot;if only he'd had or he'd done this or that&quot;....a  good book and will help me to see that what i have i am greatful.
0790733226|5.0|Powerful. I saw this in the theater three times. Realy made me think
B00000016K|4.0|I wish Cream could have had their material produced with today's technology. Sometimes even the studio side sounds like it was recorded &quot;live&quot; with no final mixing. This CD shows the individualism of  Cream that probably led to their demise. Listen to the CD three times (not  in one day!) and focus on each part. There are none better with each of  their parts. The musical input that Felix Pappalardi can't be overlooked.  Listen for his additions to the studio side. Some of the songs would be  dead without it. It's hard to believe that this music is 30 years old. I  don't think I want to see a reunion of Cream -- I prefer to remember them  as they were.
B000002UAX|5.0|This is the beatles best of all freaking time. this double album has one of the best songs I have ever heard, from Happiness is a Warm gun to Helter Skelter. Its hit after hit after hit and in between some songs to chill to.  I know im only 17 but if i was there back then i would be  Rocking!!!!!!!!!!! to this album.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I love Offspring's new Cd Americana.  The whole CD has awesome songs.  Pretty Fly for a White Guy, and Baggage are the best.  I'm so glad I invested in it!  All my friends are asking me to tape songs for them.  It's  maika'i!!
0380973634|5.0|When i started this book, i was expecting something strange..Boy did i sure guess that right, this book is full of great surprises, and all goes along at a perfect pase. Not once did this book lag, our even bore me, the  whole thing intriged me even more, like learing about a whole new type of  humans ! This author can make u feel sad in one short sentace, then bring u  up in the next, he plays with your imagination and makes u think of new  things as well as new possibilties. I give it a 10 out of 10 if i could.  but sadly it will have to settle for a 5. For all those people who really  do like a neat adventure..Read this  book !!!<br />How many books are like  Neverwhere : Zero.<br />How many authors make u not want the book to end:  Few.<br />How many characters in your book do u really fell attached too: In  this book... All.<br />Why should u all read this perfect book: Couse if u  dont u and all the other sad people who are missing out on something truly  great, will be doomed forever by not reading this =).<br />Here is a rating:  1-10<br />Exciting: 8<br />Fun: 9 1/2<br />Imaginative: 11<br />Scary: 4 1/2<br />Anger  when the book ends couse u want to read more: 15 1/2<br />Is it worth the  read: 20 1/2<br />Are u going to recomend it to people after u are done: Most  likely.<br />Will they enjoy it: Who whouldent.
B00000DHR0|5.0|This CD is so classically beautiful! There is a wonderful blend of contemporary music and classic Christmas songs. Her voice reaches notes with such ease and brings expressive feeling to each and every song. The  duet with Andrea Bocelli is so touching, it brings tears to your eyes! Both  of their voices blend together to make beautiful harmony. I am ordering  multiple copies from Amazon.com for gifts for dear friends!
B00000DFTH|5.0|I have heard most of these songs before, but they sound better than ever on this live album that was recorded last year in England! One of the two new tracks &quot;Psycho Man&quot; is so good it could give  &quot;Paranoid&quot; or &quot;War Pigs&quot; a run for their money. When  you get this 2-CD set in the mail, call your neighbors, and give them  plenty of warning. Then play it LOUD!!!
067942850X|5.0|Reading &quot;Into The Wild&quot; is one book that I found interesting because I could not believe that a college graduate, like that of Chris McCandless, would go to Alaska and end his life there.
6302054982|5.0|This is a classic mob story which has proved timeless since its release.  It is the story of Henry Hill, a man who finds the only route out of poverty as a gangster.  The glamour and blood, the laughter and tears are  contained in the entirety of this film.  The story is fresh, realistic and  convincing. Join Henry Hill in his intruiging story!! Order this movie and  do yourself a favor.   Sit down, relax, and get ready for good  times!!!!!!!!!
B000003S5H|4.0|Without being pretentious this CD has to be one of the best of the year for a mainstream release.  Gorgeous, floaty, jazzy, trippy at times, harsh and crunchy at others.  The dirty keyboards are a *revelation*.  If you  liked this I heartily recommend their import mini-CD &quot;Premiere  Symphones&quot; if you can find it...or anything with  Etiene de Crecy on  it...
0792151720|3.0|I found TITANIC to be a good film but not the best I've seen and here's why. I thought that the movie focused too much on DICAPRIO'S and WINSLET'S characters love affair than really what went on in that fateful voyage. The  romance aspect gets too drawn out also I would have rather seen more of a  focus on some of the real people on the TITANIC, such as the STRAUSSE'S  ASTOR'S and MOLLY BROWN. I think that would have made the movie a whole lot  better don't get me wrong the music and effects are spectactcular  but I  don't think that this film should've gotten all the awards it did. I think  if you want to see a great movie that should've gotten some oscars see  AMISTAD instead.
0679405429|5.0|Did anyone else wish they lived in Regency England after reading this book?  And Darcy is surely one of the most appealing male characters in English literature.  What a pity we aren't all Elizabeths...
6305036365|5.0|It is a great movie! I really love to watch it. I never get tired of the beautiful music and the characters are so much fun!  No one can help but fall in love with Maria and if you have to have a stepmother, she would be  the best!
0345350499|5.0|A beautifully written book.  I love King Arthur, and this is my favorite retelling.  The characters are so real, and the story is ... well, enchanting.  Read this with an open mind, especially about religion, and  you will find your opinions changed forever.
B000002J1M|5.0|This is one of the old Genesis' (Phil, Peter, Michael, Tony, and Steve) best albums. From the classic 22 minute epic Supper's Ready to the upbeat swing of Get em' Out By Friday, the whole album is great. If you like this  era of Genesis music I would recommend getting the box set, Nursery Crymes,  Tresspass, all the way up to Seconds Out.
6303921248|4.0|Great adaptation!  Jennifer Ehle does a wonderful job as Elizabeth -- she shows her character's intelligence and emotions as well as her lively charm.  The scenery, costuming, and sets were also excellent.  Mrs. Bennet  annoyed me, but I guess that's what her character is supposed to be like.   Still, she was the only jarring note.  As for Colin Firth ... beware of  watching this movie too much.  It will spoil you for real men.
B00000AFFF|5.0|Absolutely brilliant songwriting.  The arrangements are classic Bacharach and the lyrics are inspired Costello.  In the future someone will probably re-record this CD and substitute Elvis' voice with a Dionne Warwick/Luther  Vandross impersonator and it will be a huge hit with the public.  Popular  taste will usually gravitate towards a sweet, milk chocolate essence.  But  I will always prefer Elvis' plaintive, tortured  voice.  This album is pure  bittersweet chocolate for my melancholy soul.
0399218335|2.0|Our daughter really enjoys the Spot Lift-a-flap books.  This one, however, leaves much to be desired.  The primary surprises under the flaps are dialogue - which a pre-schooler can't read.  The other Spot books have  pictures under the flaps. Still, we reach for these books night after  night!
B000002IWH|5.0|The Cure's opening track &quot;Burn&quot; is perhaps one of their best songs (and very appopiate for the Crow...and well placed in the film). &quot;Golgotha Tenement Blues,&quot; &quot;Big Empty,&quot; &quot;Dead  Souls,&quot; and &quot;After the Flesh&quot; are also well placed in the  film, and are great songs that carry both the action and emotion of the  film perfectly. Medicine's &quot;Time Baby III&quot; is a cool song too,  but the gem is the end piece &quot;It Can't Rain All the Time.&quot; Jane  Siberry sings it beautifully, and is is just the sweetest song in the world  (actually made me cry). Rage Against the Machine is not all that bad here,  though I felt both it and Rollin's Band were inappropriate (I think  Rollin's got confued between the leather-clad skull-heade spirit of  vengeance and the crow). Pantera's song works in the movie, but on the  soundtrack...it's just stupid. Jesus &amp; Mary Chain's  &quot;Snakedriver&quot; is a good reminder of the eighties, as is Violent  Femmes' &quot;Color Me Once&quot; (after all that's when the Crow  supposedly takes place), and &quot;Slip Slide Melting&quot; is an okay  addition. Overall, this is one of the best soundtracks ever produced for  one of the best movies ever made.
630233683X|5.0|Singin' in the Rain is a classic musical.  There is no where else you can see this kind of music and fanominal dancing.  I recommend it to everyone who loves musicals.  It is also #10 on the top 100 movies of the century  from the American Film Institute.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I was knocked over by Jagged Little Pill when I first heard it, so when I bought Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie, I was expecting the same. I must admit, I was sort of let down, but after listening to it...the album grows  on you.  It is completely different from JLP...not worse...just different.  I have grown to LOVE this album, and I know Alanis' other fans will too, if  they just give it a chance.
B000002UDB|3.0|It seems as though many people who call themselves Beatles fans overlook either their early or late work. I find that both are excellent. Anyway, on MMT I must have been the only person disliking Blue Jay Way, too many  Please Don't Be Longs, and liking Your Mother Should Know.  It's a great  song.  I would hope that anyone owning this album and the White Album  doesn't have the Blue Album, as at least half of it is off of these two (7  of 11 of MMT are on it, but at least Your Mother Should Know should be on)  Also, am I the only one who doesn't mind Flying?  Oh well.  This album is  one of the lesser-known, but still pretty good late Beatles albums. If you  don't buy it, at least tape it from somebody who does.
B00000F1D3|5.0|The Diva is back!! Her music is catchy, fun, and great to listen to
6305089957|4.0|This movie is for the ones who want to have fun and for the people who like suspense and slashing. With out a doubt, the first movie was better, but this still had some great scenes!
6303160344|5.0|No film has ever made me cry, until this one.  Juliette Binoche manages to successfully create sorrow and pain with little more than a blink of the eye.  Kieslowski's use of the colour blue permeates every aspect of the  filming.  You even see it when it isn't there.
B0000019PA|5.0|Every once in a long while you buy and album that carves its own special niche inside your brain and makes itself at home. These are the albums that you can play over and over again and they never sound old. Albums that  instantly make you feel good no matter what your mood. This is one of those  albums. I can't think of another album I bought in 1997 that I like as much  as this. Be good to yourself for a change. Buy this album.
B0000028UK|4.0|Since &quot;best&quot; cannot apply to an art form, I'll say that this record is still my favorite release by Pearl Jam. Why? As a long-time fan of bands such as The Who and The Clash, I'll always prefer raw energy over  technical quality/proficiency. &quot;Leash&quot;, my favorite song, is a  &quot;My Generation&quot; for the 90s. And, in true 90s form, updates the  &quot;Hope I die before I get old&quot; attitude to something closer to  &quot;Hope YOU die before I get old&quot;.
0446310786|5.0|When I was 10, I saw the movie and, at my father's urging, read the book.  Both are masterpieces and still bring tears to my eyes.  This Christmas, my son is 10.  He loves computer games and shoot-em-ups and all the stuff  10-year-old boys love.  He also loves to read.  It's time he read To Kill A  Mockingbird and learned what courage really is.  That hate is fear.  That  violence is cowardly. That prejudice is an easy out for a lazy mind. I want  Atticus Finch to be my son's hero, as he was mine.
0425107469|5.0|This is one of the best books I've ever read! It's sometimes scary, sometimes emotional and sometimes... One word: GREAT!!!!
B00000DHTF|5.0|Takes you for a ride through  Bruce Springsteen's song writing genius. A must buy for fans that have his entire library.  One can appreciate the similiarities to the albums in which the songs did not make.   Upbeat  &quot;Stolen Car&quot; and &quot;Seaside Bar Song&quot;  along with the pop  wonder &quot;Janey Don't Lose Heart&quot; in this author's opinion some of  the best stuff Bruce has ever done. What a pop gem. What an artist.
0441172717|5.0|I first read Dune about 18 years ago and loved it!  I have just finished reading it again for the 5th time.  I actually got goosebumps when I read the opening paragraph (it had been at least 10 years since my last  reading).  Absolutely one of the best, life-altering books I have read.   Don't stop here...read the first three in the series.
B000005L86|5.0|Just like it says above, heartfelt vocals, sufferation, Lee Perry moo cow noises in full effect, this is spiritual stuff. Black Arks finest moment. I'm led to believe there are some five or so different versions of the  &quot;Heart of the Congos &quot; album, &amp; having heard one other, I can  safely say the quality of this Blood &amp; Fire remaster is by far superior  to the original international release. Buy this now, and enjoy it for  years.
B00000FCBC|5.0|I was skeptical at first but it just proved why Metallica is one of the only heavy metal bands still breathing.
6305076626|5.0|See it at home, Be It in the theater! Great for a rainy nite at home (just remember castles don't have phones!). Delightfully silly movie- Worth watching just for Tim Curry's entrance- probably one of the GREATEST  opening moments ever filmed! The songs are truly timeless, in a warped'  sorta way...Enjoy.
0800141326|4.0|For all those out there that trashed this movie, I have to ask you...what did you expect?  Dean Devlin and Roland Emerich have no originality whatsoever (witness Independence Day.)  They simply take good old fashioned  50's Sci-FI movies and doll them up with 90's special effects.  Godzilla  looked great...much more like a dinosaur then that ridiculous costume the  Japanese insist on using.  He was fast, agile, and neat to see.  I'll agree  that he wasn't exactly what I expected;  Godzilla with no atomic breath  weapon is just, well, not Godzilla.  And the &quot;Jurassic Square  Garden&quot; scene with the babies was ludicrous.   These guys should have done 3 things to make this a  really great film:  1) Get rid of Matthew Broderick.  Sorry, but he came  off looking really silly.  (I understand that Dean and Roland wanted him  for Independence Day and Stargate...get over it, you guys!)  2)  Give  Godzilla his atomic breath, and 3)  have a little bit of authenticity in  the depiction of the military and there  equipment.  I don't know where all  this stuff came from, but it isn't current US Army issue.  Furthermore, no  WAY would a lowly Sergeant be taking direct orders from a Colonel in  defending the Big Apple.  Where were the officers?  I'm not trying to be  too picky, but I spent 9 years in the military and some protocol and  military bearing would have been nice. But these faults aside, the movie  was great, if you think of it as what it really was...an old, cheesy  science fiction movie given a face lift.
0800141326|1.0|Wow, all that money and they forgot...a plot! Poor actors! poor audience! The 'monster' was cribbed from Lost World... You can, to stave off boredom, count the numerous cliques, or plot holes...or better yet- take a nap- a  more effective and enjoyable use of time.
6305165912|5.0|This first time I saw this flick I walked away from the theater $7 poorer and slightly confused. It's alot like one of those SNL skits that's never funny until days later when you joke about it with your friends. I watched  it for the second time with my steady last month and we howled through the  whole movie. Jeff Bridges is hysterical and the odd assortment of  characters makes this movie worth the asking price.
6303148352|1.0|Very horrific- the book was fascinating...this is not... Very early on the movie captures the 'magic' and wonderment of the book...then looses it in poorly produces 'slasher film' techniques and 'lets see how bad we can  scare you' nonsense. How sad....a tragicly flawed adaptation.
0060245867|5.0|I know this book says it's for the 3-5 year reading level, but my 20-month-old loves it. He calls it the &quot;Mouse Cookie Book&quot;, and we originally borrowed it from the library but then had to buy one (from  Amazon, of course - 4 bucks cheaper than any bookstore I have found,  incidentally) to keep library overdue fines down! He wants to have this  book read to him as soon as he wakes up in the morning, after his nap,  before bed -- all the time, in other words! I think it's important to read  books to kids above their age level. (More interesting for us, too!)
6304119046|5.0|This is simply the greatest American film ever made.  While it is an unforgettable movie experience the first time around, it still continues to fascinate on the 20th viewing.  I cannot think of another film which so  challenges the viewer time and time again.  I still pick up little nuances,  incredible effects and camara angles, and overlapping dialog on subsesquent  showings.  Gregg Toland's camerawork is justifiably among the most  memorable in film (for example, check earlier films to see how many times a  ceiling in a room was ever shown).  And while Welles is known more for his  direction, he gives one of the great motion picture  performances.  The  fact that this classic garnered only one Academy Award will be a blot on  the industry for all time.  Favorite scenes:  the opening &quot;March of  Time&quot; sequence, the montage of a failed marriage, the famous speech in  the assembly hall, the reception for the newly hired  &quot;Chronicle&quot;  staff, and the final tracking shot over the crates leading to one the most  memorable images in cinema.  I envy those who will see it for the first  time.
6303160344|4.0|Enjoyable if melancholy movie.  Binoche plays a woman who, in a tragic accident, loses her roles as mother and wife.  It is apparent that it is the loss of motherhood that numbs her most as her foremost belonging in the  aftermath is a decoration from her child's room.  However, it is strongly  suggested that she plans to protect her famous husband's reputation by  squelching her own tremendous talent. How she comes to slowly make a new  life for herself follows.
B00000FCBC|4.0|Ok, I can come to grips with the fact that the Hard Fast and Heavy days of Metallica are probably gone, but one thing they will always do good is taking other people's music and making it sound great. For the longest  time, I thought songs like Breadfan and The Prince were Metallica songs.  Even the Queen standard, Stone Cold Crazy, feels like it should have been  written by Metallica. Well, they've done it again. For anyone who is a  Metallica fan, the double CD is a must have. The 1st CD shows their true  diversity and the 2nd CD shows their history, not to mention some really  meaty Metal tunes.
6305226296|5.0|I have always been a Bee Gee fan. This video is simply the Bee Gees doing what they do best, sing!  It brings all their best songs back for another run!  I could watch this video over and over, or, just keep it on to hear  the music all day !!!
0671015206|3.0|If you are in the top quartile for wealth accumulation, you are a PAW or prodigious accumulator of wealth.  You live well below your means.  You wear inexpensive suits and drive American-made older model year  automobiles.  Frugal - frugal - frugal are three words that profile the  affluent.  A good title but the book would be more effective by being 75%  shorter and edited by authors with known gifts for writing.
B000002UZU|5.0|Disc 1 of this set is one of the best blues albums  I have ever heard.  It primarily consists of JLH recorded live in a studio on &quot;period&quot; (1950s) equipment, accompanied only by his own miked foot-stomping and, on  the later songs, Blind Owl Wilson's uncanny harmonica (the last stuff  Wilson recorded before his drug-overdose death).  Hooker has never sounded  better, before or since - deep, primal, raw, but mature and lovingly  recorded.  This version of &quot;Burning Hell&quot; is a definitive blues  classic, matched only by a few songs in the genre (Hellhound on my Trail,  Mannish Boy, Smokestack Lightning).  Disc 2 is more pedestrian - good, but  not fantastic.  Unfortunately, that is mainly what is on the single-disc  version.
0440213525|4.0|This is one of Grisham's better novels.  The suspence and action kept you interested and quickly turning every page.  I liked it!
0790729725|5.0|Mistake not, this is not a movie but rather a documentary.  Few, if any, movies capture the cultural subtlties and realities of both Italo-American life and small time organized crime activity during the Henry Hill saga.   In short, to aver that this film is a masterpiece is a gross understatement  regarding its outstanding quality.
0784010927|5.0|The dancing and music were great! The romance was enchanting. They really &quot;worked&quot; together. Some of the dance moves were a little much, but the coreography on the whole was fantastic. Two thumbs up! It's  definately one of my all-time favorites.
6305232660|5.0|This is an outstanding movie,  very true to life and very realistic.  Morgan Freeman is excellent, he can be our President any time.
6300248550|5.0|This is one of the few movies I've seen more than once.  I've also seen other versions and this one is by far the best.  Timothy Dalton makes a wonderful Mr. Rochester.
B000002I2I|5.0|Unlike some people I think this is the best Doors album. From the down an' dirty &quot;Roadhouse Blues&quot; to the relaxing beauty of &quot;Indian Summer&quot;, this album is a classic. Many people don't like this  album(normally the ones who think &quot;LIght My Fire&quot; is the best  Doors song), but I think it is Morrison at his best.
B0000025BL|5.0|In the latter half of the seventies there was (IMHO) at least very little music produced that is worth listening to. This album is one of the glaring exceptions. Bat Out of Hell is pure rock and roll, everyone who has ever  been a teenager will instantly relate with the message that is being given.  Who doesn't remember feeling like the boy or the the girl in Paradise By  The Dashboard Light? All in all, if you only buy a couple of CD's in your  life, I would recommend making this one of them. It's rock and roll at it's  finest.
B00000G3CK|5.0|IF you Liked Eraserhead, you will love Pi, From a Visual standpoint, unbelieveable, simple yet effective, from an Audio standpoint...  the noises, the heart-pulsing soundtrack...   it's all there...    a fantastic  film.
0767811038|5.0|Absolutely mind-blowing and superb is the only way to describe this film.  Watch it with a crate of beer and enjoy the 2 dimensional cheesey characters get ripped apart in some of the most graphic scenes ever to make  the big screen.  The action is very well paced all the way through and I  loved the cut scenes integrating the news and media propaganda.  Want to  know more...?<br />I thought it was fantastic even after seeing it for the 3rd  time on video.  I'm sure this film won't appeal to all people but you won't  know if you liked it or not unless you see it. How on earth did this make a  15 certificate in London's West End on it's first release?  At least the  video has the correct certificate of 18.<br />The film is best on cinema but  failing that just get a 29&quot; widescreen with a Dolby Pro-Logic decoder.   An absolute must for action film enthusiasts.
B000003TAL|5.0|Sonic Youth's &quot;Daydream Nation&quot; is for my money not only the best SY album, but the best rock record or just record period in the past decade or so of good old rock n' roll, or 'alternative', if you must, since  anything electrified passes as an alternative to good music nowadays. From  the great and unforgettable &quot;Teenage Riot&quot; to &quot;Trilogy&quot;  and the fantastic &quot;Providence&quot;, this is an album that  was ahead  of it's time them, and stands the test of time now. The fantastic guitar  structures and dynamics of the songs make for an absolute treat for the  ears and mind. Too bad the following SY albums, with the exception of  &quot;Dirty&quot; and &quot;A Thousand Leaves&quot; didn't match up to the  brilliance on this, and their albums preceding this one. If this record  isn't part fo your collection, your collection isn't complete.
6302181569|5.0|I saw this at a revival showing, in the theater, and it was awesome!  The special effects, the electronic music, the intelligent concepts, the dynamic characters, it's a classic!  And definitately way ahead of its  time.  Besides, who could beat scantily clad Anne Francis and a very young  pre-Drebin Lesley Nielson???
0380973634|4.0|I love this book!!  Thought the characters were excellent (especially the two bad guys) and I thought Gaiman was extremely original in using the London underground as a backdrop for this amazing story.  It seems like the  perfect setup for a sequel-Hunter??  Door's sister??  Croup and Vandemar??  I would love to learn more about Lord Portico as well as what happens on  our crew's next adventure...I anxiously await more fantastic tales from  Neil Gaiman!!!!
630417893X|5.0|Highly entertaining, excellently filmed, perfectly acted &amp; sung musical.  So many classic songs in one place!  Look fast for a pre-Sherlock Holmes Jeremy Brett as the young suitor.
6305089957|5.0|this movie was exallent and i woiuld half to say that the first one was better..But the second one was really great and they did a good job of acting
080010367X|3.0|Hip, funny, and easy to watch, but occasionally it takes its own premise a bit too seriously.  Still, I recommend it if you've got some spare time.
6305169187|5.0|This is a fast-pace movie and the producer did not waste a single minute in the entire movie. Great action and great emotion design. My son and I love this movie very much. But my geologist husband refused to see the  movie, it is because just like the opening of the movie: &quot;It happened  before, it will happen again&quot;. The potential termination of the  mankind does make us feel bad. Hey, but what can you say, this is natural.  Nature created mankind, nature may create something else that might better  fit the new environment other than mankind... ok, I don't want to start a  flame here. Overall, this is an excellen movie if you love action, if you  are not afraid to the reality - we may get &quot;totaled&quot; any time! My  attidute is enjoy every single minute that you have!  Enjoy the movie!
0767811038|1.0|They really out to change the name of this movie.  On its own, titled &quot;Smooshin' Bugs Or: How I Won the War&quot;, it might just be a fairly entertaining, if simplistic, action/antiwar pic.  As it stands, purporting  to be based on Robert Heinlein's book of the same name, it's bottom of the  barrel rubbish.  The writer and director obviously MISSED  THE ENTIRE POINT  of Heinlein's classic treatise of human political, military, and  social/cultural doctrine.  I can see two tracks the makers of this bunk may  have had in mind: 1) They harbored under the delusion that Heinlein was  glorifying war, in which case they satirized his novel; or 2) They think  Heinlein was satirizing gung ho war fiction, and they made the film  faithfully.  WRONG!!!!  Heinlein does neither!  Watching this garbage makes  one wonder if all the production team did was read the back cover of the  book.  Now all you fans, don't get me wrong --- taken by itself it's not  bad.  But trying to say that they've faithfully committed Heinlein's great  work to film is either stupidity or insanity, or both.
0399143904|5.0|I actually prefer some of Clancy's earlier works, like &quot;Red Storm Rising&quot; and &quot;Hunt for Red October&quot;, but this is a great read nonetheless.  Some people may be put off by characterizing radical  environmentalists as the villians, but it wasn't too long ago that the  Unabomber was trying to save the Earth no matter what the human cost.   Clancy's heroes are so engaging because they are just that, heroes.  They  aren't spineless losers wallowing in self doubt like the dubious main  characters in so much literature these days.  Well done, Tom.
6304458894|2.0|Neato special effects and some funny moments, but overall a disappointment.  I came away from this film with only one thing on my mind: &quot;What's the point????&quot;
B00000DGUG|4.0|I think I know where Alanis was going with this but it kind of doesn't go anywhere.  Not that that is a bad thing...it's just grating on the nerves to listen too. There are a few great songs on here but there a lot of  really bad ones too.  Morissette is a brilliant lyricist.  I think the next  CD is gonna be her best.  She's sharp and open minded.  She's just going  through an awkward growth spurt as an artist.  And I think this album  reflects that awkwardness well.
0783882963|5.0|This book is an exceptional example of exquisite imagery and is so descriptive that you feel as if you are the air that the twins live and breath. For me, it brought back memories of how I thought as a child and  reminded me of how innocent children really are. I have come back again and  again to the beautiful descriptions in this book and believe that the  author's words have inspired me in my own daily reflections.
B000001FY7|5.0|The is the first album I bought of Marley's, and it's by far one of the best(next to Exodus). Discover the delights of Jah Rasta Fari and the delight of Bob Marley's musical soul. From songs such as Kaya to Easy  Skanking the CD is a classic. I would also recommend Pato Banton Captured  by Mad professor.  if you like this you'll like Pato Banton.
6303014100|5.0|Truly outstanding movie.<br />Jeff Daniels' performance as Joshua Chamberlain is his finest to date.  Martin Sheen and Tom Berenger give Lee and Longstreet humanity and depth.<br />This is intended for the serious student,  and is by far the best Civil War movie ever filmed.
0780623819|5.0|Lost In Space is one of the best sci-fi movies ever, because it is done with class, style, and a heart.  The audience believes in the movie because it is build on a rock-solid foundation, that of the Robinson family.  All  of the actors are convincing and perfect for their roles.  All in all, it  is fantastic.
B000001E8P|5.0|Pulp &quot;Different Class&quot; is simply phenomenal.  I discovered it by chance a couple of years ago.  I read a short review of it and decided it seemed a good album.  Well, it's much more than good.  It's incredible.   Every song is strong and laden with clever commentary on British society in  the '90s (not unlike Blur's &quot;Parklife,&quot; which I also highly  recommend).  Not only is the album an artistic heavyweight, but it is  highly listenable.  It is what pop was in the early '80s and hasn't been  since (in my own opinion).  For an even greater experience of British music  at its best, I'd recommend buying &quot;Different Class&quot; and Blur  &quot;Parklife&quot; at the same time.  I think you won't be disappointed.
0792151720|4.0|I have to admit, I did NOT want to see this movie. I remember as a child seeing the original, and remember being so depressed and sad that so many people had died so tragically.  I hate movies that leave me feeling  depressed.  But after urging from my kids, I did watch it, and if you could  cut the nude scenes, it was a much better movie than I anticipated.  The  ending left one with hope that death was maybe just the beginning.  The  casting was great, I believe the actors did a good job. Special effects  were much better than the old movie.  The theme song was perfect, depicting  a love not everyone is favored to find in life.  The historical sense was  wonderful, and reminded us that so many people, loved by someone somewhere,  lost their lives. Technology has made great strides in ship construction,  and the Titanic played a great part in it. History, after all, is what  shapes our future.
630218021X|3.0|You shouldn't expect a straightforward, orthodox approach from director Ken Russell.  The imagery is quite striking, and the combination of images with  music (conducted by Andre Previn)is captivating. Released in the  70's, this was one of the first mainstream films to deal with the  homosexuality of a historical character. Based partly on the correspondence  between the composer and his patron, the plot does become speculative and a  bit sensational. Some of the sexual imagery is quite bizarre. Richard  Chamberlain is handsome and brooding (he had recently portrayed Lord  Byron); Glenda Jackson goes mad with style. For adults or very mature  teenagers.
B000002INJ|5.0|Manowar is the most perfect fantasy heavy metal band out there... there just is no substitute.  Eric Adams is one of the most brilliant vocalists i have ever heard (He is only rivaled by Bruce Dickinson of self-titled band  and Iron Maiden, Joacim Cans of Hammerfall, Tom Araya of Slayer, and  Michael Kiske of Helloween).      Manowar preaches brotherhoood and  sometimes it can come across as cheasy... but if you listen, you can tell  that they sincere.  Through great riffs and just plain great metal Manowar  should be one of the most popular metal bands out there... but they have  received a bad rep from some who no nothing about the band.      Kings of  metal is asounding, though it isn't the best of their albums that i've  heard (The Triumph of Steel is #1), it kicks the @#$&amp; out of damn near  every other album out there...      And just in case you were wondering,  Manowar has never sold out(Because of sissy Alternica I must say this)...  and when you hear their music... you will know that they never will.       Buy this album... you won't be let down.
B00000255F|2.0|Time can be a cruel mistress, indeed. Lyrically, these cuts remain vital. I'm not sure the same can be said for &quot;the wall of sound&quot; music, however. &quot;Best Rock Album of All Time&quot;? In its day, perhaps, but  that day has passed. Though not nearly as highly praised, Springsteen's  &quot;The Ghost of Tom Joad&quot; will, I believe, provide a more lasting  legacy of his undeniable talent.
0792153189|4.0|No offense to Mimi Leder, but it was obvious that Deep Impact had a woman's touch...That's not all bad, because it made it better in some ways to Armageddon...<br />Morgan Freeman has the authority to carry off being the  President...His demeanor and sterness gives us a feel for the weight on his  shoulders...And, unlike in Armageddon, we see a more positive portrayal of  an African-American male...<br />Tea Leoni is too wooden in the role of the  MSNBC anchor...It's almost like her emotions are gone, which also explains  the lack of enthusiasm when she finally reaches the coveted anchor  slot...<br />As in Armageddon, the true science of the movie takes a backseat  to the human element, in this case the broken relationship between Leoni  and her parents, and the ill-placed rush marriage between Elijah Wood and  his girlfriend.  Kudos, though, for at least having a Plan B (the Missouri  caves) ready when Plan A failed.<br />Though not as action-packed as  Armageddon, Deep Impact takes time to make you think...Never mind that it's  entertainment...It would only take a rock about the size of a football  field, streaking into the atmosphere with no warning whatsoever, to put New  York and the rest of the Atlantic seaboard in serious jeopardy.
B0000028W9|5.0|Like Bob Dylan and Neil Young, Leonard Cohen couldn't carry a tune in a bucket. And it just doesn't matter. His lyrics are some of the most powerful you'll find, and his direction is entirely fresh. Truly  unparalleled.
6305169187|3.0|I had a chance to see both Deep Impact and Armageddon in the theater.  Though Deep Impact tends to be more focused on the people fighting to save themselves, Armageddon puts its money where it really counts...on the  people fighting to save everyone else.<br />You can't watch this movie and  expect it to be down-to-the-letter realistic.  No cosmic-impact movie up to  this point is.  But following the course of the movie, stereotypes and all,  was an entertaining and stimulating experience.<br />For sheer entertainment  value, Armageddon is a roller-coaster ride not to be missed.  Just remember  as you watch, though, what Charlton Heston says so solemnly at the  beginning.  Asteroids and comets have hit us before...They will hit us  again...It's only a matter of when...
B0000024JA|5.0|Can nobody be more down than Method Man in  &quot;Tical&quot;.  Every track is nothing but  hard beats and deep lyrics.. I felt this album like an orgasm.  Does the Meth need the other eight members of the Wu Tang Clan?   I dont think so.
630382790X|5.0|Ron Howard had an ace up his sleeve when he directed Apollo 13...He didn't have to dream up the storyline...Jim Lovell, Fred Haise, and the late Jack Swigert did that when their little-publicized milk run to Fra Mauro became  an intenational-watched struggle for survival...<br />Unlike Deep Impact and  Armageddon, which use special effects to guess at what things might be like  in the face of a cosmic impact, Apollo 13's effects put you in the capsule  and in Mission Control with everyone involved...The realism and the acting  make this one of my all-time favorite movies.  Skip the artsy, chic  wannabees...Apollo 13 is a cinematic masterpiece and worth every penny...
B000001DVD|3.0|This album is a must have for hard core Leppard fans but not if you are an 80's rock lover in general.  &quot;High And Dry&quot; is awesome one of my favorites and &quot;Bringing on The Heartbreak&quot; is excellent as well.       Some of these songs don't have enough enough polish, a bit too much  wailing and noise.  In subsequent albumns they learned to produce songs  with melody and crunch which explains why Pyromania and Hysteria sold  millions and millions.  I know I wouldn't have been such a huge fan if  those albumns weren't produced.  Some people think it's cool to like a band  only for the albums that didn't sell as well. The reason &quot;High'N'  Dry&quot; wasn't huge is because it isn't as good as the next two albums.   Plenty of rock fans like myself like to be able to sing along to our  favorit rock-n-roll tunes.....
B00000DHR0|5.0|I play this CD over and over, especially track 9, with the duet.  The lovely Christmas music also puts me in the holiday spirit.  Highly recommended.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I never really liked Radiohead all that much. I listened to Pablo Honey and Only a few songs grabbed me. Thier second more of the same. Then there's Ok Comuter. The songs just seem to meld together seamlesly, yet  remain different from one another. It didn't grab me right away. It just  grew on me after about 3 times around. The music on this album is so  eccentric and moody. It has set my imagination free. This album is truly  &quot;A Classic&quot;.
630516889X|3.0|The DVD quality is poor at best.  In fact, the only disk I have that has poorer video quality is Highlander.  From all appearences the disk was made from the D2 analog master (the one used for Laser Disk).  What Fox should  have done was used the D1 Digital master - this would have giving a much  better video transfer.  At points in the movie the video quality is  excellent (no artifacting is visible and no analog noise) at other times  (sometimes the same scene just a different camera angle) the video is  painful to look at.  There is so much analog noise that I felt I was  watching a video tape.  Throughout the movie artifacting was at a minimum,  the biggest problem was video noise.<br />As for the 5.1 remaster - this was  at least better then the video transfer.  At times it was excellent, in  fact most of the movie had really good sound, something that the Laser Disk  was missing.  There are a few scenes however where the 5.1 mix sounds  forced.  One scene in particular had a bird chirping in the left front  speaker - and only in the left front speaker.  Fox should have put a little  sound bleeding into it so that the sound touched the center and left rear  speakers also.<br />Basically, although the transfer on this disk suffers, if  you are a Predator or Arnold fan - get this disk.  I still thoroughly  enjoyed watching it.  I just hope and pray Fox does a better job with their  masters in the future.
0694003611|5.0|No childrens book I have ever read is sweeter than Goodnight Moon.  My son and I have read it together nearly every night for the past eighteen months, often more than once a night!  He is mesmerized and lulled every  time by the lyrical, simple text and he loves to point out the objects as I  say them.  Our time together with this book will be one of my fondest  memories of his youth.
0061002747|5.0|In this action-packed story, a mystery comes on without you really noticing! Will you solve it before the detective? Will you guess correctly? Prepare yourself for a surprise ending!
B00000DFRS|5.0|True, alot of people might say this is too contemporary for Whitney.  However, nothing stays the same forever.  I am so glad she is trying new things.  It really worked!  Besides, being able to pull this album off is  her coronation as the princess of pop.  The more things change, the more  they remain the same.
0671015206|4.0|An inspirational read ! Examples in the book were excellent references to emmulate.  One drawback was the high degree of repetition.  I could have scanned one third of the book.  Overall, the book and its message are  proven and should be a must read for anyone who would like to accumulate  wealth.
1879557541|5.0|Ever wonder why the people in Africa are black?  Or why most Chinese people look the way they do?  Why European and Asian societies were ahead of the native societies with which they clashed?  This book provides a  scientific analysis of how these things developed.  Essential reading for  anyone who has ever wondered about the differences -- and similarities --  of people around the world.
6305169187|1.0|This movie is a compleat insult to my intlegence, and my will to be entertained. Bad acting, worse scripting, and logic flaws you could drop an asteroid through, this movie WILL disipoint. Mr. Bay sould really go back  to directing school. I couldn't tell what was going on half the time  because the camera moved every two seconds. And why the hell does  everything blow up in this movie? I don't know. Maybe one of the ten  screenwriters does. Overall this movie is booring and pointless crap. If  Amazon.com let me give it 0 stars I would.
0679457313|5.0|Roy amazes you as she tells a story. She will write something witty, then change to a quasi historical narration; all of a sudden, a superbly realistic (almost medical) description of violence shows up, then a sexual  encounter is depicted in a very poetic tone.<BR><BR> One of the best books  I read recently.<BR>
B00000DHR0|5.0|I bought this wonderful CD after seeing Celine's tv special.  Her duet with Andrea Bocelli, &quot;The Prayer&quot;, brought me to tears.  It alone is worth the price of this CD. This tune should be piped to every Church in  the world to play.  Its message inspires hope. It so haunting and reminds  Christians that God indeed does watch over us.
B000002KAT|5.0|This is masterpiece of music.  While every song on this album is great by itself, this album is really meant to be experienced as a whole.  Truly a moving and enjoyable experience.
6302968135|5.0|This movie is best movie I ever seeen. I love this movie. &quot;Blood in Blood out&quot; is the movie I would see it again and again without feeling any bored. I semply love it.
6304288433|2.0|Okay I saw HALLOWEEN 2 and I wish I could report that it is as good as the original but it's not and here's why I think it isn't. First of all youn see micheal myers way too often which takes away the suspense too soon in  the movie. Plus I felt that the supporting cast's acting left something too  be desired as well it was horrrible.  I felt that the only thing that saved  this movie was DONALD PLESANCE and JAMIE LEE CURTIS'S performances in thier  reprised roles from the first movie if they hadn't been in it this movie,  it would have been disastorus so all in all I can't really recommend  HALLOWEEN 2.
B000000WJZ|5.0|I bought this album soon after it came out, and it has stayed in my soul for five long years. With every listen I always embark a new emotional roller-coaster, and always end up with something of a catharsis. Siamese  Dream is so special because it adds an element of disenchantment and  heartache to Gish's anger and aggression, and leaves out the silly  experiments that ruined Mellon Collie as well as their new, unfortunate  love for synthesizers which has sadly replaced some of the best guitar work  in history. The album is pure magic. Try listening to &quot;hummer&quot;  without feeling your jaw drop halfway through at the gorgeous &quot;ask  yourself a question&quot; part. Try listening to &quot;soma&quot; or  &quot;mayonaise&quot; without allowing their disarming intros grab hold of  you, only to be replaced by the raw pain of &quot;I'm all by myself/As I've  always felt&quot; and &quot;mother weep the years I'm missing&quot;. Try  listening to &quot;cherub rock&quot; and &quot;quiet&quot; without  adrenaline bursting from your veins. Try listening to &quot;disarm&quot;  and &quot;luna&quot; without wishing to wrap your arms around a lover and  hold on tight. And just try not falling in love with all of it.
B000001FK3|5.0|I've enjoyed this album for 25 years and continue to play it occasionally.  It's a rock classic, unlike any other type of rock band I've ever heard, immediately easy to listen to, yet also holds up well after many  listenings.  It's music for slow, hot summer days, when you want to just  kick back and down a couple brews with some friends.  Consider it summer  porch music.  Another point in its favor: every song on the album is strong  - not a single loser.  I've never understood why this album has never  gotten more recognition.  In my mind, this is a classic rock LP, which  should be considered one of the top 50 of all time.  Highest  recommendation.
6302293553|5.0|This is THE funniest movie ever made! My friends and I are forever quoting lines from it to each other, and not only do we never get sick of it, we never run out of scenes to re-hash, either. Even if you don't like comedy,  this is a must-see. You'll laugh yourself silly!
B00000DHTF|1.0|b
B000002UV9|5.0|While not as linked together in a storyline like their 1988 release, &quot;Operation Mindcrime&quot;, the tracks on the album will rock you to your bones.  Outrageous instrumentals and silky vocals that seem to meld  the best of Pink Floyd, Rush, and Scorpions.
B00000AFFF|5.0|I was so impressed with this team effort. I've always been a Bacharach fan ,but had never followed Elvis. There something so special about the way he delivers the lyrics, as if he had experienced everything he was singing  about. It's hard not to play the album over and over .Wonderfuly sensitive.  Encore please!
6302561868|4.0|Although this movie is well directed, has good special effects and is very exciting to watch. At moments it is slightly boring and confusing. with the quick camera changes it is hard to understand what is going on at times
0679805273|5.0|I first heard of this book two years ago (I'm now 23).  I've already given it to three friends graduating from college and really hope to be on the receiving end someday.  Dr. Seuss has captured a very important message in  his wonderful manner from which people of all ages can take away a special  meaning.  It makes a treasured personal gift that lends itself to having a  note to the recipient written on the inside.  A must for anyone embarking  on a new &quot;journey&quot; at any age!
0440213525|4.0|....where does he come up with these great stories???? Mark Sway is a kid I can relate to. His character is so believeable, I even thought of kids from my youth. The characters are well developed and strong. Even the weak  characters have a certain strength to them. If you enjoy anything that has  to do with crime and justice,you'll love this. The story flows and has no  unnecessary obstacles. INTERESTING!!!
6304983778|4.0|The first part of this movie is magical as an explanation of how Santa Claus came to be a legend. All of the stories about Santa, why his suit is red, how all the toys get made, etc are artfully used.  The second part of  the movie sadly deteriorates as time moves to the present. I have watched  this video with my handicapped son who remains childlike as an adult for  many years and it is one of the loveliest things about our Christmas.
0440224764|5.0|A slow start(I almost did'nt continue) but by the fourth chapter, I could not put it down. It was such an interesting story with an interesting ending. No movie(Yet) but I'm sure it would be a top seller. All of  grishams books are excellent, but this one surprised me the most.
0792839625|4.0|A Choras Line is about dancing, singing, acting men, and woman. They are struggling to make the cut for the broadway musical, A Choras Line. They are narrowed down to a special selected few. Now it is all up to the  director to pick the men and woman that will be in the big show. I have  seen A Choras Line over 20 times and I'll still see it over and over again!
0800141709|4.0|Dr. Strangelove is definately a classic movie everyone should see.  From General Jack D. Ripper's ramblings about &quot;precious bodily fluids&quot; to President Merkin Muffley's conversation with a drunk russian premier to  Strangelove's pesky right arm, this is one film that will make a million  and one modern-day references make sense.<br />I must complain, however, about  the DVD itself. While the picture and sound are great (considering the  sound is mono, and the movie was made in 1964), there is no wide-screen  mode, and no bonuses whatsoever.  Except for a few subtitles, this DVD is a  complete waste of space.  Boo!  I would loved to have seen the original  ending, which was a pie-fight in the war room.
6305169187|4.0|To start off with, Can it Happen ? probably. Alot of people I spoke with said &quot;The movie is far-fetched&quot; I reply, &quot;we never had it happen so who really knows how the world would react to solve it or stop  it&quot; My personal thoughts about the movie is INCREDIBLE. The special  effects, the acting, and two people ( Willis &amp; Afflect ) putting their  diffrences both proffesionaly &amp; personal aside. The script was well  written Though I do imagine that if it were to happen for real, I think the  men would be more assertive and less screwing around. No one can dispute  the special effects, They alone were outstanding. The Acting, You have   such diverse group of people all with diffrent personalities and yet they  all work as a team. I enjoyed the movie very much and purchased it for my  collection. As a big fan of Sci-Fi, Armageddon fits right in.
0783225849|5.0|Psycho, even with all of its imitators and now a remake, remains one of the most horrific and suspensful films of all time.  What's more amazing is that no one else has caught on to Hitchcock's understanding that a viewer's  mind creates most of the horror.<br />Besides the movie, which is beautifully  transferred, the DVD contains a vast plethora of suplimental materials: A  _long_ documentary, original news reel footage, original trailers,  promotion cards, the story board for the shower scene, and more and  more.<br />There are reports, though, that when the movie was converted to  widescreen on the disc, they made it &quot;too wide.&quot;  In other words,  some of the top and bottom of the frame have been cut off.  I don't know  how much, but it certainly isn't noticeable
0790739909|5.0|This has been categorized as a &quot;chick flick.&quot;  I really disagree.  It was a true love story.  It was slightly unusual which gave the movie great character.  The best one-word description is unique.  N.  Cage is one of my personal favorites.  Meg Ryan is cute as ever and a great  mate to this angel.  Dennis Franz did a fine job as another angel in this  film.  The ending was sad but touching.  I rank this movie right up there  with another of my favorites, Ghost.
080019683X|5.0|I have seen this movie at least 6 times on cable and each time I am moved to tears at the end of the movie. It is a pleasure to watch a movie that is so inspirational and suitable for the whole family. The entire cast seems  to work so well together.
6304795254|4.0|and this one is quite possibly one of the best I've seen.  I love suspense and the Game has an added element that helps it stand out and that is an underlying &quot;erieness&quot;.  The ending is not the best--which takes  one star away--but the story keeps you going right up to the end.  It is  definately one worthy of a second or third viewing.  I would say it rates  right up there with the Fugitive starring Harrison Ford.
B000000OSE|5.0|&quot;November Rain&quot; is a great song, yes, and it appealed nicely to the VH1 crowd, but there are harder-rocking songs on this CD, and better ones to boot. It starts hard and hyper with &quot;Right Next Door to  Hell,&quot; which while good is actually one of the weaker songs on this  album, which includes &quot;Bad Obsession,&quot; &quot;Back Off Bitch&quot;  (yes, a good song, if offensive), &quot;Garden of Eden,&quot; &quot;Don't  Damn Me&quot; (though this is mostly Axl whining about the bad press he  gets for writing such offensive songs, like &quot;One in a  Million&quot;...), and the incredible, mind-blowing 10-minute  &quot;Coma.&quot; This is the last song, and by far the best. In fact, I've  heard very few songs to equal it, especially the lyrics, which Guns N'  Roses generally excelled in compared to other bands. It's also perhaps  their only song other than &quot;Civil War&quot; which shows awareness of a  social issue, in this case suicide, and while not sappy at all, it  certainly is powerful.<br /><br /><br />There's also an interesting classical guitar  solo by Slash at the end of &quot;Double Talkin' Jive,&quot; which is  otherwise not much of a song.<br /><br /><br />I can understand that people who  liked the punkish metal that went all through Appetite might be  disappointed with this album, which shows more flexibility in style, but  I'd say that's a point in G N' R's favor, especially since they didn't seem  to be openly catering to the mainstream, just doing what they really wanted  to do.
6303149200|5.0|Beautiful, erotic, and compelling, this film encourages viewers to identify and sympathize with the Pagan villagers against the rude and offensive \\"Christian copper\\" (played by Edward Woodward) until the shocking denouement makes you question your own ideas about goodness, morality, and sacrifice. I use this film as a tool in teaching teenagers about morality and its flexible nature; it is a thought-provoking work. Christopher Lee mentioned in an interview that this was his favorite film...it's my favorite, too.
B000000OSG|5.0|This album has some long songs on it, including the overplayed (what do you expect?) &quot;Civil War,&quot; but the other three, &quot;Breakdown,&quot; &quot;Locomotive (Complicity),&quot; and  &quot;Estranged,&quot; are just as good or better. Like Use Your Illusion  I, there is some experimentation away from the straight hard rock/metal of  their first album, but the different styles work quite well. However, this  album has even less of that pure rock than UYI1, and a just as heavy dose  of bleating about the evil media... and just about everyone else, for that  matter. (No wonder Guns N' Roses broke up.)<br /><br /><br />But even those songs,  like &quot;Get in the Ring,&quot; are good enough that you're willing to  listen to the album all the way through. Slash has few equals at guitar,  and the lyrics are great, even if Axl's voice is usually subpar. Fantastic  stuff. There'll never be music like this again.
0060392584|5.0|I really was looking foward to reading about Manson. When i first started to read, it fascinated me because it explained Manson's childhood and stuff. But in the middle, he started talking about his sexual life too much  which kinda bothered me. It was a great book and I'm glad Manson did  include this part because if he hadn't, it would be a regular auto-bio  which is completly what he doen't want to do.So if you want to know the  truth about Manson, read this book!!
B000000OU6|4.0|... but Slash's great guitar melodies almost make the album worth buying by itself. The punk influence that was evident in G N' R is pretty much gone here, replaced by blues rock and country rock. Eric Dover's singing  voice is something to be heard to be believed (that's not a compliment)...  The music is not really original, and it's not a cd I can see myself  listening to over and over, but it's good stuff, definitely worth a  look.<br /><br /><br />The album is long, 14 tracks and 69 minutes, most of it  pretty good. Some of the better songs: &quot;Neither Can I,&quot;  &quot;Beggars and Hangers-on&quot; (cowritten with ex-G N' R man McKagan),  &quot;Take it Away,&quot; &quot;Be the Ball,&quot; and &quot;I Hate  Everybody (But You)&quot;.
B000002TQV|5.0|OK Computer is great---the Bends is a classic.  The Bends is subtle beauty personified.  A few years ago, I was not a fan of Radiohead (didn't care for 'Creep') and I ignored a friend's recommendation to buy the Bends.   When I finally got around to listening to it, I couldn't believe such a  perfect album existed.  I still feel that way.  I own tons of cd's but I  always find myself choosing this one over and over again.
B000002AS3|4.0|The songs are not even remotely Beatlesque, however, they stand on their own terms. Supersonic is sheer Rock, n Roll class, and Live Forever will stand the test of time.Yes they are naive and arrogant, but what young guys  wouldnt be in their shoes for  gods sake.
B000000OAC|5.0|News of the World by 1977, is Queen's heaviest album since Queen II.  Every song is a keeper.  It is another perfect album like Night At The Opera. Songs we all know have originated here: We Will Rock You, and We Are  The Champions.  It doesn't stop there.  Get Down Make Love is hypnotically  intense.  It's Late is a great showcase for Brian's guitar work, and the  incredible range of Freddie's voice.  Other gems on this disc are Spread  Your Wings, All Dead All Dead and Sheer Heart Attack.  This album is a must  have and is just as important a release than A Night At The Opera.
0140189378|5.0|Tommy Wilhelm might be construed as an echo of Willy Loman, Arthur Miller's delusional salesman in \\"Death of a Salesman.\\"  Yet he stands powerfully and foolishly on his own as a man caught between the  culture of his fathers and a trashy American movie culture that hints of  crime, triviality, and indifference.  In the rendering of this time and  place that Wilhelm can never quite find his niche in, the book rings true  even today, four decades after its publication.  Tommy's presence in the  novel is both physical (I could sense his high blood pressure in his  conversations with his father and with the con-man Dr. Tamkin) and  spiritual.  His attempt to redeem his own failed past in a single day, and  the lies he tells himself to get through the \\"con,\\" are pathetic,  believable, and the stuff of a moral tale I recommend highly.  The book  reads pleasurably and fast the first time, yet it rewards second and third  readings.
6301208773|2.0|Hollywood's idea of action entertainment, meaning constant, numbing explosions, cartoon heroes, and forced comic relief. Rickman is a fine actor who shows flashes, but the screenplay never quite develops him into a  match for the best Bond villains.
B000002552|5.0|A relaxing free-spirited glance at Dylan conspiring with The Band.  Dylan adds a slice of slow moving rock-a-billy with a swing beat that only The Band knows how to do, making this synergy unique.  The beat makes you want  to roll up your sleeves and forget about the day.  Better yet, it is the  best &quot;road music.&quot;  You can just drive and drive even though  &quot;You aint goin' nowhere.&quot;  Dylan and The Band promise to be  satisfying in every atmosphere.
0790737345|4.0|While some people would dismiss this as a &quot;chick flick&quot;, it goes much beyond that.  The imagery is wonderful and the premise eerily wonderful.  I think the visuals will draw you back to the movie time and  time again.  In the way that Cliffhanger made you scared of heights, this  movie will make you relish them.
630307362X|5.0|The setting in a beautiful primitive area of New Zealand contrasts marvelously with the city raised Ada who is deaf mute and  her most valuable possession and means of communication, the piano.  One feels as if  one of Ada's vital organs is to be removed when she is threatened with  separation from her piano in this isolated strange land. The remainder of  the story continues in this beautiful raw fashion of stark contrasts.  Very  sexually charged at times. It has been 2 years since I last viewed this  movie but I still think of Ada frequently when I hear or play the piano.
0788811355|1.0|This was by far, the worst choice for best picture.  The plot forgot one important point, it is important to ensure that the viewers 'like' your characters.  Here we have a man having an affair with his best friends  wife.  And is the wife's husband mean to her, is he cruel, no.  How can we  understand what drove them together and feel good about their relationship.   Truth is, we can't, and so we don't feel any sorrow for their doomed  relationship.  Of course, if the English Patient was the President of the  United States and the wife was an intern and the DOW is at 9000, then maybe  we could.
6303985467|1.0|Cult &quot;classic&quot; is basically a long and mostly dull Twilight Zone episode. Occasional creeps mix with poor acting and a tiresome storyline. It is at least superior to the dreadful George Romero zombie films.
0792839730|5.0|I've read the other comments, and I must say that they are a little too harsh.  I've watched this movies several times, and each time I watch it, I get a whole new perspective on it.  After watching it on DVD for the first  time, I was really surprised in the improvement in sound and picture  quality.  It was truly amazing with surround sound!  Its a long movie, but  its a very, very good one.
0793518326|5.0|This is the most complete songbook i have ever seen in my whole life. It is rich in every detail and it's surely made to please every musician and Beatles fans around. For bass players like me, this book has even the most  intricate Macca's bass lines! If you're still not sure about it, this book  has scores even to Revolution 9!!! Detailed, isn't it?
6304071868|5.0|The countless top name movie stars make this an exciting mosaic of talent. This movie is historically accurate and several of the actors in the parachute invasion scenes were the sons of the actual soldiers in those  battles. There are so many details in the maps you can't see them on  screen, but the directors didn't care - they knew the details were there.  This gives you a feel for the level of quality of the film. I have watched  the movie 16 times - and I don't watch movies more than twice in a year!  Some of the actors: Sean Connery, Anthony Hopkins, Elliot Gould, Robert  Redford, Gene Hackman, Liv Ullman, Harvey Kruger, Edward Fox, ad  infinitum...Not the most uplifting movie (the good guys lose the battle)it  is an important film and one every American high school student should see.  I also recommend reading Cornelius Ryan's book of the same title. A very  powerful film.
B000001IPL|5.0|i love this cd. my fav. songs are Genocide and Bad Habit. if you liked the cd Americana, get this one!
B00000DHR0|5.0|GOD BLESS YOU CELINE WHEN I WATCHED YOUR SPECIAL WEDNESDAY NIGHT I FELT WHAT IT WAS LIKE TO BE REALLY LOVED BY A WONDERFUL FAMILY AND MANY MANY LOYAL FANS I LOVE YOUR MUSIC SO MUCH BECAUSE YOU SING FROM YOUR HEART..GOD  HAS BLESSED YOU SO MUCH AND WILL CONTINUE TO BLESS YOU MORE ..ANOTHER THING  THAT I WOULD LIKE TO COMMENT ON IS THE VIDEOS YOU SHOWED OF YOUR FAMILY  WERE FANTASTIC BUT THE ONE THAT TOPPED IT OFF WAS FROM YOUR WEDDING IT WAS  MADE IN HEAVEN!!! CONTINUE TO SING FROM YOUR HEART AND YOU WILL BE SINGING  FOR MANY MANY YEARS TO COME...GOD BLESS YOU ALWAYS...NANCY
0783225849|5.0|Hitchcock is the master of suspense.  Psycho was one of those movies that no matter how many times you see it you still get a chill and are afraid to go in the shower.  I watch horror movies all the time from Nightmare on Elm  Street to The Exorcist and this one had my spine tingling.  And with all  the stuff that this DVD is loaded with you'll enjoy every minute from the  trailer to the movie to the newsreel.  And as for the remake, this one is  still better.
B0000027EP|5.0|That says it all
B00000FCBC|4.0|First and foremost, this is not Metallica's latest original album.  It is a double cd of covers of songs they love.  Some of the stuff are new recordings(disc 1), and some of it are covers they did between 1987 and  now(disc 2).  Alot of the stuff is from 60's English Punk rock bands, but  it sounds great being played by Metallica.      If you're a real Metallica  fan you should get Garage Inc.  If you're a musician, like myself, you  should get Garage Inc. to hear the music that influenced one of the most  influencial bands of the last couple of decades.      Bottom line is this:  even though this isn't original Metallica, it still is fast and hard.   There are plenty of songs to headbang to.
B00000APLB|5.0|From stadiums to pubs, this has got all the great live songs the Stones have managed to perfect over the years. They are, without a doubt, the world's greatest rock n roll band!
6304480415|5.0|I was in the show on stage... I love the show on video!        Though it lacks some of the personal attributes that are gained through the stage version, one can't help but to admire this motion picture.  It's GREAT!
6304466498|4.0|&quot;When is then?&quot; &quot;Now.&quot; &quot;When are we?&quot; &quot;Now.&quot; &quot;When will now be then?&quot; &quot;Soon.&quot; This movie is the king of comedy. You don't have to love Star Wars to love this  film.  Then, of course, all Mel Brooks films are always hilarious. So sit  down and watch Dark Helmet, Pizza the Hut, Lone Star, and Barf as they  travel hilariously through space.
6304510861|1.0|Lost Highway is certainly one of the strangest movies I have ever seen. Until the last moment, I was somewhat intrigued by the incomprehensible story, waiting for answers. It was extremely difficult to stand the many  unpleasant and disgusting scenes of the movie, yet I was hoping that at  least it was all for a purpose. However, when I discovered that all of this  was only for its own sake and could never be explained by anything other  than &quot;life itself&quot; (probable meaning of the title), I could find  no excuse for the existence of this work. What kind of life is this,  anyway?! Musically, this is one of the most memorable films I have ever  seen, but when the beautiful sountrack is wasted in such a pathetic way, it  does not redeem the movie too much. Definitely the most unpleasant film by  David Lynch so far.
0800105877|2.0|After viewing Kenneth Branagh's flawed but infinitely rewarding &quot;Hamlet,&quot; I was overtaken by a great curiosity to see earlier film versions, including those of Olivier and Zeffirelli.  This  incarnation, directed by Tony Richardson and featuring a cast that reads  like a Who's Who of British Theatre, was undoubtedly the funniest, though  perhaps that was not the director's intention.   Cast members include Judy  Parfitt, as a hard-faced, though handsome, Gertrude--if this queen knows  that her new husband killed for the throne, you strongly suspect she  doesn't care--and a youthful Anthony Hopkins as a somewhat out-of-his-depth  Claudius.  Gordon Jackson provides stalwart support as Horatio, the kind of  man you'd want on your side in a crisis, but Marianne Faithfull's Ophelia  has the disconcerting look and demeanor of a child-whore, in a court that  often resembles a greasy Southwark stew, with its courtiers tricked out in  garish hues and the &quot;ladies&quot; almost spilling out of their tight,  low-cut bodices. Something is definitely &quot;rotten in the state of  Denmark,&quot; but unfortunately, we are given little reason to sympathize  with Shakespeare's put-upon Prince.  In the title role, Nicol Williamson  neither broods nor thunders--he NATTERS, delivering most of his lines in a  pinched nasal whine, like a peevish child.  Just call him Hamlet, Twerp of  Denmark, and send him. like Lear's fool, &quot;to bed at noon.&quot;
6304873441|1.0|I don't remember seeing a more predictable and repulsive movie in my entire life. The whole story seems to be made up of the most common elements of a typical kid's cartoon, compiled together to make a uniformily  miserable cinematic experience. The caricatural representations of Russia  and France are downright distasteful and offensive. The use of an  ultimately tragic subject matter and melodramatic soundtrack is a  dishonorable use of people's emotions. There is really nothing going for  this pathetic excuse of a movie, and even a brief glimpse of it should be  avoided at all cost.
0684874350|5.0|To hell with Dickens and his Chistmas Carol.  Here is a classic to be reckoned with.  Imagine having a pig's or sheep's head as the main course for your Chistmas feast.  Who needs ghosts to explain the meaning of life  when you have an angel waiting to explain it on your very own step?<br />Frank  McCourt paints a tale more poignant and classic than any fiction in  history.  How could one find fault with a protagonist who is a mere child  and one weaned on abject poverty, no less?  How could find fault with an  antogonist who is the child's father, plagued by hopeless alcoholism and  who's dream of a Free Ireland has left him in the mere shadows of the  Erin's fighting spirit and idealism?<br />You can hear the accents of each  character and the settings' period in McCourt's choice of words.  You laugh  along side the voice his memories portray, but by the end you are weaping  for the meager existence of his family and the loss of his  innocence.<br />McCourt speaks volumes to the Irish soul in all of us. He  makes us long to recall our own youth with the same sense of humor and pure  empathy.  If we could all love so well.  God bless us each and every one.
6304535570|4.0|This fascinating and well-acted movie truly shines considering the theme that it's dealing with. One of the primary reasons that the research of cold fusion met with so much resonance in the world was the tremendous  impact that it would have produced on our lives if proven true and  successfully managed. The Saint is a humorous example of such overexcited  attitude toward a scientific investigation. Like in real life, this kind of  attitude actually hinders scientific progress. In addition, there is a lot  of good humor about Russian life and very accurate depictions of  hero/villain stereotypes.
6304645635|4.0|This is a good attempt at a wonderful novel dealing with a woman's attempt to find independence from an abusive husband in the mid nineteenth century. There were wonderful performances all around (I did not expect Rupert  Graves to be believable as the perverse and self-destructive Arthur  Huntingdon; happily I was wrong).  My only complaint is with the end of the  film: that particular part of the novel was tampered with until it was  beyond recognition on the screen.  In all other respects _Tenant_ is a  lovely film, but everyone ought to read Anne Bronte's masterpiece.
6304415346|5.0|I have to admit that I was an original series diehard; though I liked the TNG crew, my heart was still with Capt. Kirk, Spock, etc.  The TNG series was fairly good overall but I didn't embrace it like the original series  even though I thought a few episodes were excellent, especially the final 2  hour episode &quot;Good Things.&quot;  The previous movie,  &quot;Generations&quot; did not change my opinion.  I thought Kirk, Scotty  and Chekhov stole the show in the beginning of the movie.  TNG Crew  rebounded with a good showing but Picard and Data carried the story with  disappointly small roles for the rest of the crew.      First Contact,  however, with the TNG is excellent.  My mind is beginning to change!   Picard turns in an excellent, physical performance and is a worthy  successor to Capt. Kirk.  Data isn't close to Mr. Spock of course but he is  excellent in his own right.  The story was great; the Borg made a worthy  opponent for the TNG crew. Alfre Woodward as Lily Sloane and James Cromwell  as Zefram Cochrane are great additions to the Trek Universe....My only pet  peeve is that how come the Glenn Corbett as the original Zefram Cochrane  looks different from the older, more grizzled James Cromwell????
6304595247|1.0|I am sorry that I am compelled to give this one star.  The horrible, cringe-making adaptation (it cannot be called anything but &quot;butchery&quot;) and awful sets combine to make this yet another in a  long list of _Wuthering Heights_ failures.  Will anyone ever do justice to  Emily Bronte and her brilliant novel?  May that day not long be delayed!
6303481272|5.0|First, regarding its name: a more accurate translation from the original Japanese would be &quot;The Chronicles of Ninja Jubei.&quot;<br />Second, regarding the &quot;misogynism&quot; in the film: While I understand how it  might be interpreted that way, that's not quite true. Kagero is a  fascinating character due to the tragedy of her curse. She plays a pivotal  role in the story, but most importantly, the ultimate point of the love  subplot is that Jubei's sense of honor is so strong and his heart is so  pure that he will not use her as just a weapon or an object of lust, the  way everyone else has used her. Even at the cost of his life (you will  understand when you see it). That's what makes it such a powerful  story.<br />This movie isn't for everyone, but it's an incredible film. It's  extremely intense, so sensitive viewers should beware. The animation is  beautiful; the action is intense and intelligently choreographed, not  mindless and brutal; the plot is highly intricate and very well  written.<br />The best anime that I've ever seen, period.
B0000028W9|5.0|In &quot;The Future&quot;, Cohen exhibits the world weariness of a now older man who's lived life to the fullest and bears the scars on his soul. There is no message of redemption offered here, just an honest relection on  the human condition. Cohen's lyrics reflect the complicated web of lives,  the secret thoughts as seen through a private mirror.....
6303212379|5.0|This is one of those must see movies. It's been a part of my childhood and I definately recomend that you all watch it. It is absolutely hilarious and I guarentee that you will fall in love with the Goonies just as I have.
0399143904|5.0|Rainbow Six was a wonderful book. I thought it had a lot more action in it than Tom Clancy's other books. I couldn't put it down. I was up till 2:00 in the morning reading it. It was all worth it though. I recommend it to  any Tom Clancy fans.
0783229569|5.0|This is an astounding interpretation of the book.  There SHOULD be Oscar nominations for Gilliam, Depp, and Del Torro!!!But that is unlikely.  The spirit of rebellion is alive and well here...and isn't that the true  &quot;American Dream&quot; they were in search of?
B000002H33|5.0|I have owned this album since its release and have still not tired of it.  Master of Puppets takes the light/heavy combinations and complex song structures of Ride the Lightning to a new level which neither Metallica nor  any other metal band will probably ever achieve again.  The standout tracks  on this album to me are the title track, &quot;Welcome Home  (Sanitarium),&quot; and &quot;Orion.&quot;  The title track, clocking in at  over 8 minutes, is both a furious and melodic commentary of the toll drugs  take on their users.  &quot;Welcome Home (Sanitarium)&quot; is somewhat in  the same vein as &quot;Fade to Black,&quot; with the light intro/verses,  heavy chorus, and the speed metal finale.  My personal favorite from this  album is the 8-minute instrumental &quot;Orion,&quot; starting as a  mid-tempo rocker, then slightly speeding up with off-beat snare shots and  heavy riffing.  The song then breaks down into a very mellow, almost  bluesy, middle portion filled with guitar harmonies, mostly in minor keys.  The song finally comes back into a speed metal portion with a blazing  guitar solo, and fades out with one of the main riffs.  Both the  musicianship and lyrics of this album are the best this band has ever seen.  It is only appropriate that this was Cliff Burton's swan song.
0800178394|3.0|So it ain't Shakespeare, but big deal?  Lawrence and Smith make a fine combo, and Leoni is sooo sexy!  Lots of good action and gags, replete with the trademark &quot;heroic shot from below in slo-mo of our heroes&quot;.   Entertaining to say the least.
0609603086|2.0|Follett has followed a dreadful &quot;The Third Twin&quot; with a book almost as bad. Some of the previous reviews are correct, this reads like a movie for television. The plot is laughable and completely unbelievable(and  I grew up in LA). The FBI's new boyfriend tags along with  machine-gun-toting G-Men in a helicopter chase? Give me a break.
6305169187|3.0|No, Captain, there's no sign of intelligent life here, but who really cares?  As far as action, special effects, histrionics, clever (but not too clever) humor, this film packs a punch.  Sure, you notice it's none to  bright, but the characters and the action are so entertaining that it  really doesn't matter.  Keeps ya from being bored!
630233683X|5.0|If you are looking for a great family film, a timeless classic, or just an impressive musical, this is a film for you!
6303148352|2.0|They've finally come up with something better than claymation, ok.  Beyond that, nada mucho.  Annoyingly &quot;cute&quot; kids, dottie old eccentric billionaire grandpaps, dependable scientists, entropy; reads like a cheaper  thriller.  Leaves behind many of the elements that made Crighton's novel  effective.  But it's Spielberg, so it must be good, right?
B00000DGUY|4.0|Well, I am a Dire Straits and Mark Knopfler fan. I had much anticipation in this compilation. I hoped it would be better than the last one. Well, it is. The sound is re-mastered, the listing is more complete, and most of the  great songs are here. But important ones are missing (like &quot;Why  worry&quot; from &quot;Brothers in arms&quot;). And, alas, there are 3  tracks live (&quot;Love over gold&quot;, &quot;Latest trick&quot; and  &quot;Local hero&quot;). Why ? Why does that record company insist each  time to put live tracks (with all the crowd noise) on such a great  collection of work ? And why do it when they offer a 2 CD edition with a  live CD ? Beats me. Well, it's a good listen anyway. But they should have  done it all studio, all re-mastered, and complete. As on the first  &quot;Greatest Hits&quot;, the live tracks on this set become annoying with  time, and never are good background music. So we'll have to skip them  now  and then. Too bad. Mark and his band deserved a definitive studio  retrospective. So, will there be a third try ? OR DO I HEAR BOX-SET ???  MAKE IT ALL STUDIO, PLEASE ! AND ADD A GREAT BOOK ! Paul LeBoutillier
6304298285|1.0|Unbelieveably bad fare from the maker of such masterpieces as Apocolypse Now and the Godfather trilogy.  Williams is well suited for the role, but the story really goes nowhere.  It's a fairly offensive film when you think  about the actual children afflicted with this hyper aging condition, they  certainly have nowhere near the fun Williams has in this movie.
0399232133|5.0|The best part about this book is that the text is minimal; the illustrations provide plenty of ideas for you and your child to examine and delight over on your own!
6304109989|3.0|Entertaining, if a bit cliched and politically correct, thriller.  Leguizamo is pretty cool as a commando, and Halley is excellent as the tough, resourceful stewardess.
630349255X|5.0|Words cannot describe this epic.  It is so beautifully portrayed.  Visually profound and it's content, utterly enlightening.  Ron Fricke is my new favourite director, he got me like an arrow in my heart! Intensely  moving experience.
6303269826|2.0|Kostner had the right idea initially, but after a while it gets tedious.  While Quaid and Kostner do alright, one wonders about the rest of the cast.  Harmon seems better suited to play Johnny Ringo than the ineffectual  no-namer that does.  Interesting to see a less than heroic portrayl of Earp  (he's a good guy, yes, but a cold blooded killer as well), but that's all  this film has.
6301095294|4.0|This video is one of the best movies of the beatles collection but does not tell all the story
6304030983|3.0|Plot is ok, in this surprisingly adult film.  Not really for kids, far too serious and intense at certain points.  Actors do a good job, but the producers should have pumped a little more cash into the special effects.   And by the way, just what is the moral of this story????
B000000OAN|5.0|This is the CD which turned me into a Queen fan. Every time I listen to it I find something new in one of the songs; they're as intricate as some baroque fugues. The amount of work put into this album is unbelievable, and  so is the fact that it's almost 25 years old.
6304258984|4.0|Sure, the plot is so full of holes that you could run a freight train through 'em, but who cares?  Once this roller coaster gets going, it doesn't stop for anything.  Excellent performances from absolutely  everyone, especially Cage, Harris, and of course, Connery.  Highly  entertaining, even if this is the 500th time we've seen psychotic Marines  destroying everything in sight.
6304913176|1.0|I will preface this by saying when the previews came out for this one way back when, I was VERY excited to see it.  It looked like a potential Independence Day to me from the trailer.  How wrong I was.  I saw this and  Armageddon on video in the same week and in comparison, Armageddon is a 5  star film .. sadly.  I realize this is an action film, and in all these  films you have to take it with a grain of salt.. but cmon, hand to hand  combat in the 22nd century? (or whenever this movie is supposed to take  place)  There was barely any character development (which is probably on  purpose), no background on where the bugs came from, no explanation on how  they shoot the asteroids at earth, and just silly battle scenes.  The  special effects of the bugs are good I do admit, and Denise Richards is  beautiful yet a terrible actress in this one (see her in Wild Things..much  better).  Those are the only reasons it gets 1 star even.  I was terribly  dissapointed and even as an 18-35 male demographic viewer I wouldn't  recommend it to my friends.  Sorry, but when the acting of William Shatner  surpasses anyone in THIS film... well that's just BAD!
6304613199|1.0|Makes the first film look like &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot; by comparison, with Goldblum spouting off the same exact warnings as last time.  And sure enough, this one's got a cute kid, too.  This time  Spielberg doesn't even bother to loosely follow the novel.  Only thing of  interest: Arliss Howard with a British accent!
0790729628|3.0|The very fact that people still debate the removal of the narration, extra violence, and the happy ending, and the addition of the extra second unit footage and the dream sequence in the Director's Cut, is a testament to how  well this film holds up after nearly 20 years.  Personally, I prefer the  Director's Cut because we know that the motivation for the changes came  from the commercial process, not the artistic one, but I certainly  understand that the voiceovers make this film much more accessible.  The  details and the density of the material make Blade Runner (in any version)  a fascinating film; one can watch it a dozen times and continue to find new  things.  This is truly a movie-lover's movie and, in any incarnation, the  film itself deserves FIVE STARS.<br />On the other hand, the DVD was mastered  poorly in both respects, video and audio.  Put simply, the video transfer  looks &quot;dull&quot;, the colours seem washed out and the colour  separation and contrast are sub-optimal.  There is some artifacting, which  is particularly noticeable during the scenes which are filmed inside the  Bradbury Bldg. where the sets are very dark (well okay, the whole movie is  very dark!).  Comparatively, the audio is even worse.  The dynamic range is  strangely exaggerated whilst the EQ is poor and it seems that whoever  mastered it to surround didn't have the time and/or attention to really  pull out the little aural details that can make a Dolby Digital mix truly  shine; one would think that the spectacular sounds and music in Blade  Runner would have deserved a careful and thorough cleanup and remaster to a  5.1/7.1 mix.  Also, the reference level seems quite low.<br />I'm not trying  to sound too analytical; I just wish that the folks who mastered 'Fifth  Element' (my FIVE STARS on pure audio/video quality) could have worked  their magic on Blade Runner.  In any case, this film is one of my absolute  favourites.
0800184203|1.0|Just what the hell was Demi Moore trying to prove here?  That she knows how to make a truly worthless film?  What could have been a daring, provokative movie is rendered hopeless by an inept script.  At least Ving  Rhames and Burt Lancaster are fairly funny.
0790729628|5.0|This is one of those films that DVD was made for and yet this is (slightly) dissapointing.  I am pleased to see that, whilst I am in a minority, I'm not entirely alone when I say that the 'Sam Spade' voice-over  really made the film for me. What a shame then that the DVD format wasn't  used to the full. The directors cut could have used both soundtracks on the  same DVD disk thereby pleasing 'all of the people all of the  time'.<br />Previously in the UK you could have the original on 4:3 video or  the DC in widescreen. I've been yearning for the original in widescreen...  sigh.
0800141326|1.0|What were these morons thinking when they made this film?  Not only is this brain dead, it's an incoherent, Jurassic Park rip-off, and it utterly destroys the original Godzilla legend/theme.  The original &quot;Godzilla,  King of the Monsters&quot; is about more than a giant lizard stepping on  people and buildings, it's a metaphor for the horrors of war, anti-nukes,  pro environment, man and his machines are destorying life, etc, etc.  What  is this movie about?  A retarded mutant reptile that doesn't even do that  much damage (it eats fish and the army is responsible for destroying half  the city).  Come on, Hollywood, do something crazy: make a new, fresh,  original film!!!!!!!!!!!
B000002L7Y|3.0|I found this album disappointing, especially given the high standard set by &quot;Stay on These Roads&quot; and, in particular, &quot;Scoundrel Days&quot;.  A bit too much of the quirky and rather unmelodic technopop  for my taste -- BUT the title song is subtle, affecting, even haunting, and  beautifully crafted.  To me, it's what a-ha is really about.
6304385668|4.0|If you thought that oppression in the 20th century was limited to dictatorships or 3rd world countries, you thought wrong.  Starkly depicted is the truculent domination of the British over their close neighbors, the  Irish.  Neeson is perfect as the charismatic, determined, and troubled  leader of the Irish movement (I know, people will argue and say it was  Griffith or De Valera, but Collins was responsible in no small way for  Irish Independence).  Moving, compelling drama with perfect soundtrack,  marred only by horrible accents from Roberts and Quinn.  I highly recommend  this film, especially if you know little about the history of Eirann.
B000005S5N|5.0|a-ha goes to prove that European (and in this case Scandinavian) popular music can indeed have a soul -- a deeply feeling soul full of longing -- and this soul does not rely on ballads for expression.  The melodic anguish  of &quot;Scoundrel Days&quot;, &quot;I've Been Losing You&quot;, and  &quot;The Weight of the Wind&quot; is beautifully and distinctively  expressed in songs that really move.  You could dance, while the poetic and  surprisingly knowing lyrics give you pause (this despite the fact that, in  other songs, the lyrics are not greatly comprehensible).  Like so many good  things, a-ha is underrated.  But do yourself a favor and get the album!
6300182266|4.0|So it's cheesey, hokey and dated.  I grew up watching this series, and it sort of grows on you.  Besides, what duo could ever beat Starbuck and Apollo??!
B000005ITX|5.0|For die-hard fans of late '60's rock, this album is a must-have to complete your collection. (I've had their vinyl albums ever since that time.) Finding the CD of this unique group was finding treasure. 'Forever  Changes' is my personal favorite. If the San Francisco Haight-Ashbury style  of 1967 turns your memories on, GET IT.
6304233639|2.0|One can only guess at what the producers of this were after: comedy? Not that funny. Drama? Not particularly interesting.  Homage or spoof of 50s sci-fi? Maybe - although the contrived script and plot loopholes read as if  they were trying to imitate rather than parody cheesey 50s flying saucer  movies.  The first part of the film holds up well with lots of suspense and  tension, but after the aliens start to pound earth the whole thing just  comes apart.  Entertaining only if you're willing to put your brain on hold.
6305128952|1.0|This long and boring movie will just waste your ticket fare.  It is about a woman who has a daughter thats a big bratt and has an affair with her daughters horse trainer.  This movie is for people with bad taste.
B00000DHR0|4.0|Overall, I think this is a very high caliber CD.  Celine's rendition of Ave Maria blows me away! I have played it *many* times in the last few days!! There are a couple of songs that are a little irritating to my ears,  but suffice it to say that Celine does her most outstanding singing when  she &quot;takes it easy&quot; and doesn't force/push her voice too  much...Examples of flying low and sounding like an angel: Ave Maria(with  passion, but not over-the-top), Brahm's Lullaby, Blue  Christmas....<br />Definitely a CD I will play through the holidays and  beyond!!
B00000DHTF|3.0|I am a confirmed Springsteen supporter. I would buy his work unheard, a luxury I do not allow for most artists. He has written and performed some incredibly exhilirating and liberating rock and roll. His growth as a  writer and artist is truly astonshing, almost unparelled during the last 20  years. It was not until well into his second decade as a recording artist  that his vision and focus began to waver.The latter part of his career has  been plagued by indecision and confusion. His last few albums have been a  frustrating mix of magic and mediocrity. &quot;Tracks&quot; is no  different. Without question, I still consider Springsteen an important  artist. Listen to the aching beauty of the ballad, &quot;Happy,&quot; one  of the finest vocal performances Springsteen has committed to tape. Yet on  the same CD ( #4 ) he delivers &quot;Leavin Train,&quot; a rock song that  sounds forced and uninspired. The song is the work of a highly skilled  craftsman trying too hard to regain the vitality and spontaneity of his  former work. Much of the material on &quot;Tracks&quot; is excellent. Much  is medicore. Springsteen could benefit from collaborating with an outside  producer, not so much to alter material, but to serve as an editor and  sounding board. Where is Jon Landau when we need him?
0792838084|5.0|The reviewers make no mention of Dennis Hopper.  He makes any bad guy worse, especially pschopaths.
6305041156|5.0|Excellent movie, not for the weak stomache
0446364495|1.0|I guess we could all spend a little time wondering &quot;what if&quot;, but as far as this book goes - get real!  We are to believe a farm wife just falls hopelessly in love with someone driving into her lane.  I don't  think so!   I gave this book to my friend who is a generation older than me  (mid-60's) who was a farm wife in central Iowa.  I warned her it was sappy  and stupid.  She called, crying, asking if she could keep the book - it was  SO wonderful. So, go figure.
6300215814|5.0|Wow it is, to this vedio I am speachless. A magnificent performance by Audrey Hepburn and George Peppar. This is a movie that you and your girl or boy friend want to watch over and over again!  This is a story about a  lonely girl in the city of New York, a story about a girl who has many  sorrows within herself.  Superficially she is gay and happy, but when you  get to know her, she is very complex with strong emotions and many worries.   Like Sally Tomato said:&quot;This is a story that could break the  heart.&quot; This movie left me ponder well after the movie is over. A  movie that will huant you for ever, the great emotions, hearts, sorrow,  sadness, and fun will touch your heart.  I recommand this movie very  strongly.  Please buy this movies, take it home and share it with your  wife, children. :-)
6304383827|4.0|My daughter &amp; I love this movie
0790739909|5.0|There are angels in the story and people can't see them.  They can't feel or eat and they only see black and white. N/ Cage falls in love with a human, M/Ryan. And you have to see it to know what happens next.
B00000AFFF|5.0|There's is so much that is just plain musical on this cd.Lush ,inventive orchestrations,songs that sound composed,not like they were written in five minutes.From the first chord,it's like a pleasant reuinion.This Cd will  probably get zero airplay because there really isn't anything like it being  made today.I can only hope that this is the start of something great.
6304675348|5.0|I love watching horror movies and I have seen quite a lot.  Scream was a scary one!  The thought that one simple phone call could cause so much havoc!  Amazing.  The voice on the phone always seemed calm and  undercontrol, but underneath was something much more sinister.
630157401X|5.0|This was one of my favorite Indiana Jones movies. I liked how in the beginning it shows and explains a lot about Indy's childhood --- how he got his fedora, his first adventures, the scar on his eyebrow, his whip, his  relationship with his father, and why he's afraid of snakes! It gives him a  little more background, and introduces more feats and escapades Jones has  with his fussy dad (Bond, James Bond). The way the two Joneses get along  together is funny itself, and this whole movie is exciting and  entertaining. Great movie!!!
B0000029LG|5.0|I have been a Michael Jackson fan for five years and one thing that has always bothered me is that the critics always make it hard for him, because they compare all his works to the &quot;Thriller&quot; album.I must say  that even if Thriller is the largest selling album of all time,it doesn't  mean that it is the best.There are a lot of other factors that make an  album successful beside its quality.Not that I don't like Thriller but  History has so much other qualities.It is a very emotional album with  mature topics in the songs.The lyrics in the songs are the best that  Michael has written so far.They are almost poetic.I think that it reveals a  lot about Michael as a person and about him as a great musician,who has  stayed on the top for three decades.My favourite songs are &quot;Stranger  in Moscow&quot;,&quot;money&quot;,&quot;Earth Song&quot;,and  &quot;Smile&quot;.The album is very different from the previous releases,  because Michael captures in his songs different kinds of music.Every  Michael Jackson album is a master piece for itself and shouldn't be  compared with any other of his albums.They have all been created during a  special part of Michaels life and come from a different time,but they all  have broken world records and should be credited for that.Michael jackson  is a great,creative,phenomenal,and an unusual artist who makes  amazing,timeless music.He is larger than life and doesn't have to prove  anything to anybody anymore.When time passes, all the rumurs and ridiculus  stories that people have told about him will be forgotten and the basic  thing that will stay is what a great,talented musician he was and how great  his works were.History will be part of these stories.
0451169514|5.0|It is quite possibly the greatest horror novel that I've read.  Just in sheer scale this dwarfs all comers with the exception of The Stand.  At It's heart, we have a story about the innocense of childhood and the  ability for children to believe.  And we have adults trying to recapture  some of that childhood.  Along with It,  the other horror novels that stand  apart are The Stand by King, and Carrion Comfort by Dan Simmons (I highly  recommend him if you like Stephen King).<br />Another aspect I like about King  is the way he ties his work together.  It takes place in the fabled Maine  town of Derry, the town from Bag of Bones and he talks about Shawshank  State Prison.  But that's not important.  He also carries over plots(to an  extent) and themes.  The quest of the kids is much like the quest of the  kids in &quot;The Body&quot; and It, although infinitely more malevolent,  reminds me of the ghosts of Bag of Bones.  Then he keeps reusing his themes  of imagination, love, and trust.<br />Bravo Mr King.  I may be a latecomer to  the SK flock but I'll try to catch up.
6304233639|5.0|Anyonw who saw Men In Black and liked it is sure to love ID4. Although some parts of the script are impossible most veiwers overlook that (David could never have sent them a virus through computer unless the aliens had  Microsoft Windows) just because they want to see a funny, action-packed  movie with great actors and charectors(Bill Pullman, Will Smith). I  recomend this film to anyone who likes science fiction or comedy.
0517543052|5.0|I read this book over twenty years ago,gave it away, bought another copy, read it, gave it away. A book that needs to be read  and passed on so that others can gain true insight to themselves
0887307280|5.0|This book really caused me to think about my business a different way.  It will also help me on the next one!
B000002H33|5.0|Master of Puppets is Metallica's best album...by far.  All eight tracks are great.  Be warned.  There are no slow tracks.  Every one seems to be coming at you a hundred miles an hour.  They're also long (the shortest  track, Damage, Inc., clocks in at a tad over five minutes). From the first  track (Battery) to the last (the afore mentioned Damage, Inc.) Master of  Puppets is Metallica's high water mark. Nothing from them before or since  packs such a punch.  I think the album ranks as one of the top five metal  albums of all time.
B000000W5B|4.0|Goats Head Soup is one of the most overlooked abums the Stones have made.  While Goats Head Soup is not as spectacular as Exile on Maint St. Stickey Fingers, Let it Bleed or Beggars Banquet, it should not suffer by  comparison. Goats Head Soup has classic rockers like, Heartbreaker, Silver  Train, and Star Star (we know the real title).  As well as great music and  lyric imagry in 100 Years Ago, Can't You Hear the Music, and the haunting  Winter. For any real Stones fan, Goats Head Soup is a must.
0790729628|4.0|There never will be a perfect version of this movie. The opportunity to create the original vision Ridley Scott had when he read Hampton Fancher's original script has been whittled away by time. So, this is as close as we  can get. There are aspects to both versions of Blade Runner that would make  for the &quot;perfect &quot; director's cut of the film. Although the  narration was delivered in a stilted drone by Ford, it did add to the noir  quality of the film. Without it, Blade Runner isn't quite the same film.  Still, this version(which isn't truly the &quot;director's cut&quot;--that  version is lost, or locked up in a warehouse on the Warners lot. See The  Making of Blade Runner for more details) is superior in many respects to  the theatrical version.  The narrative, always eliptical at best, is both  strengthened and made more ambigious with the inclusion of the fabled  unicorn scene(by the way, the shot of the unicorn is from Scott's Legend,  which is why the footage is so much grainer. The outtake was added to the  film because the original unicorn footage was lost after the first preview  when Scott had to recut the film). Is Deckkard a replicant? Scott thinks  so, but others closely associated with the making of the film aren't so  sure. This mystery gives the film a quality like that found in the best  literature; multiple and complex ways to reintrepet a film. This, in many  respects, is Scott's most complex film. Harrison Ford still hates it to  this date which is ironic considering Ford gives one of his best  &quot;unaffected&quot; performances. By the way, one of the remaining  Spinners from the film(the flying cars) can be seen on the studio tour at  Universal Studios Florida.
6302969352|5.0|The students in my level one course weren't sure what they were getting into when I started this video for them. By the end, they were so into the film they didn't want to go to their next classes.  Excellent addition to  any history, japanese or world history, course.  I highly recommend it!
6303122647|5.0|We love this movie and watch it often, sometimes three times in a YEAR!!  We also say and sing phrases from the movie all the time.  We aren't total losers, we just like most things done by Tim Burton and Danny Elfman.
B00000G28U|4.0|This album is definately not what you would expect from a band famous for hard metal sounds, but the change to this rock\alternative\country sound is pulled off pretty well.  Although I totally disagree with the band's choice  to do covers, there are a few songs on the first cd worth listening to  (i.e. &quot;Turn the Page&quot;,&quot;Whiskey in the Jar&quot;) but the  main reason to pay your money is to get the second cd.  This is the  Metallica of days long past and definately worth your hard earned money!
0446605409|5.0|This is the first DeMille book I have read, and definitely will not be the last. My habit of falling asleep reading every night was interrupted by Plum Island.  I found my heart racing and my breathing rapid just by the  excitement of waiting to turn the page.  This will make a great movie,  especially with such an antagonistic and charasmatic protagonist!  I refuse  to write a pretentious, embellished review, just read it, you'll enjoy it.
0780624890|5.0|Blade is a vampire movie, and action movie, and at times, a comedy.  Because of the vampire twist a lot of people will shy away from this very well done movie, but they shouldn't.  The story is well thought out, with  an ending that does the movie.. and the viewers justice.  Wesley Snipes is  on to something special with this new breed of action movies.  A  horror/action/sci-fi movie that has something for everone.  If your in the  mood for an excellent action flick that rates as high as any... check out  Blade.  5 Big stars for the movie that combines Dracula, Highlander, and  the comedy of any Lethal Weapon movie out there.  CHECK IT OUT.
6303921248|5.0|My daughter (18) &amp; I are both avid readers, and casting is often way off the mark when a favorite book is brought to the screen.  &quot;Pride &amp; Prejudice&quot; is right up there with &quot;Gone With The Wind&quot;  and &quot;The Godfather&quot; in accuracy and joy of casting.  We'd give it  10 stars if we could.
B000002AT6|5.0|James Horner's genius shines on this wonderful soundtrack.  The music is perfect, and so very beautiful.  After listening to this soundtrack, I tried to find other James Horner soundtracks.  Titanic pales to the caliber  of this music, although Braveheart comes very close.  James Horner is  undoubtedly one of the greatest composer's of our time.
B000002KAT|5.0|This album was recorded roughly thirty years ago yet it sounds like it could have been made yesterday.  'Astral Weeks' is a work of poetic genius--- I almost died the first time I heard 'Beside You', it took my  breath away.  Van Morrison is without question, one of the greatest  singer/songwriters alive.
B000007OY0|5.0|I love a lot of movies, but this one's still my favorite.  The story is fascinating from the first scene to the wonderful ending, which never fails to bring tears to my eyes and a smile to my face.  If only Stephen King's  books were all this good...
0385471483|5.0|Possibly one of the best books I have ever read.  The film version is also an inspiration.
6302798450|5.0|This is a classic B-Movie: low-budget, sometimes cheesy acting, special effects that are SUPPOSED to look fake, and of course, Bruce Campbell, one of Hollywood's best and sadly least-seen action heros. Personally, i think  the producers should have kept the original title of &quot;Medieval  Dead&quot;
0553573403|5.0|Wow. I have never heard of Martin before but, after reading this book I am a loyal fan. It was one of the best books I ever read. He ranks up there with jordan, eddings and feist. I can't wait for the sequel. Hope to read  it soon.
0679735909|2.0|This is a terribly slow read because it's extremelty BORING; however, it has an authentic feel to it both in terms of the portrait of scholarly problem-solving (two literary experts--who know all there is to know about  One Enlgish Poet each--become detectives) and in its psychological  portrayal of the love affairs that are developed simultaneously throughout  the novel. The ending will leave you wondering whether you feel happy or  sad; but in any case, you'll be glad you have read it.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I wasn't expecting something LIKE &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; but I never expected something quite like this. It was great! I was, at first, dissapointed but after the first couple of times and after I understood her  message, I loved it! It's great lyricly and musically. The style has  changed a little but if you like &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; you will  find some of it in this one too. My favorite songs are &quot;Front  Row&quot;, &quot;Thank U&quot; &quot;UR&quot; and &quot;Unsent&quot;.
B000000WA4|5.0|SP has been like therapy.  When I'm sad or lonely i just put on a song like thirty-three or to forgive.  when i'm angry or frustrated, i listen to bwbw or x.y.u. when i'm feeling happy or just feeling like a kid, i listen  to 1979 or we only come out at nite. This album definitely makes me feel  like i'm not alone when i have those emotions.  i can never give the band  more thanks.
0792837983|4.0|This is a wonderful adaptation of the novel although very tame in comparison. Mason is superb as is Lyons and Winters but SEllers seems really out of place. It's such a shame because he spoils the movie.
0679745203|5.0|The English Patient is among the most excellent novels I have read in my lifetime.  In the first place, every page is littered with fragments of language that stick to your brain because they are so melodic, poetic,  perfect that you don't want to forget them.  Beyond that, it's an excellent  story, an excellent way of looking at the world, a powerful commentary on  life in general (and not in the least bit cliche`; its message is very  original and appropos in our age of &quot;globalization&quot;). The single  disappointment is for those of you who have seen the film version:  in the  novel, the characters of Hana, Caravaggio, and Kip are explored in greater  detail; when I was finished with the last chapter (an Epilogue dealing  solely with Kip's subsequent life) I wondered why the novel was entitled  The English Patient:  he had not been the focus.  But read it anyway...as  soon as you can.
6305126062|5.0|I thought this movie was fantastic!  I have read the book, and although the movie didn't follow exactly, it was still a wonderful story.  Robert Redford and Kristin Scott Thomas are wonderful, the scenery is beautiful,  and the story is heartwarming.  I recommend this movie to anyone.
6304698623|5.0|The movie A Little Princess is excellent.  It is well filmed, with great acting and a wonderful story.<br />The film is RATED G.<br />Unfortunately, buying the movie on DVD will only benefit in audio with 5.1 digital sound.  The video  quality is VHS grade at best.  It is extremely grainy and the colors aren't  even constant from one frame to the next.  One side of the DVD is supposed  to be Letterbox, the other pan 'n' scan; however, both sides have the same  image!  I tried to contact Warner Brothers with no response on this  problem.<br />My overall recomendation, see this movie but don't waste any  extra cash on the DVD version.
6302293553|5.0|If someone can &quot;answer me these questions three&quot; I will count them among friends. It took at least 100 watchings of this movie to actually hear or see it all. I have a downloaded version of the script, I  own the movie and perched on my bookcase are two halves of a coconut and I  STILL watch the movie again every six months or so when my soul needs a  lift. My teenage nephews are now hooked and own their own copies. I've met  people who know the &quot;RUN AWAY--RUN AWAY&quot; lines from the killer  rabbit scene and have never even heard of the movie. The quotes from the  movie have become part of a sub-culture language where the only answer to  &quot;what's the air speed velocity of an un-laden swallow&quot; is  &quot;african or european&quot; and someone yelling &quot;arggggh!&quot; as  they fly into the pit of eternal peril. A MUST watch!
6305076650|5.0|Raging lunatic is the only way to describe Richard O'brian for making this sick weird movie.  AND I LOVE IT!
0800141709|2.0|Columbia Tristar should be ashamed of themselves. They have managed to tarnish a classic movie by giving the most lacklustre, threadbare, and just plain lousy DVD conversions I have yet to see. <br />I therefore do not  concure with other reviewers who have given this DVD 5 stars and here are  my reasons why:<br />1. The box says &quot;deluxe widescreen edition&quot;  when in fact it is 4:3 most of the time.<br />2. Image quality starts off  quite well but plummets about 30 minutes into the movie, most noticeably in  the scenes between Mandrake and Ripper. The image becomes so badly  pixelated that it becomes almost unwatchable. <br />3. Zero special features.  That's right _nothing_, unless you count a chapter list as a feature.<br />4.  A promotional advert is tacked onto the front of the movie.<br />5. No English  or French subtitles - only Spanish!<br />In short, the movie is great but the  conversion is rotten.
6305232660|5.0|Deep Impact will strike you like a 50 mega-ton Asteroid! Thought provoking and heartful, it had more to say than Armageddon. It gives new meaning to &quot;winning&quot; the Lottery...
0790731452|5.0|For those who know the science fiction movies from the 1950's, this is the best parity ever! There are so many sutle things as well as the blatant stabs at the concepts and ideas people had and still have. It is sure to  become a cult favorite!
B00000DHTF|2.0|rather than gem after gem, this project seems to need an outside editor-bruce and co have included all the average to below ideas with the good and great.  as you might expect, the first two discs are the best, but  even these discs pale against the previously released product.  i used to  rail against critics who thought springsteen was a flawed major artist or a  gifted minor figure.  now i suspect this is right.  my verdict?  stick with  the 6-8 classics bruce has produced and get a friend to tape about 1/5 of  this lumbering set.
B000002J27|2.0|I will admit that Peter Gabriel did not hold all of Genesis' talent within his own hands -- all of the members contributed on all of their pre Lamb Lies Down on Broadway albums.  With this being said, this album is a cheap  ripoff of Peter Gabriel's Genesis.  The only reason this album deserves  more than one star is because it at least makes you remember how good  Genesis once was by rehashing old ideas and Phil Collins' blatant copying  of Gabriel's singing style.  If you are a true Genesis fan and already have  all of the albums featuring Gabriel's unique focus and genius, I suggest  you explore Gabriel's body of solo work before wasting any money on this  album.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|Although we are all used to get some profound music from Iron Maiden I think this album is perfect example of music that can make you only richer. Words of &quot;Infinite dreams&quot; and guitar solo of the title song tell  us all. Go out and get it!
079073382X|5.0|This is probably the best movie I've ever seen for  dialogue.  The art of conversation, disregarded in Hollywood for cinematography, makes a bold return in Before Sunrise.  Richard Linklater creates a story with words  instead of shots, and shows off the imperfections of two twenty-somethings  through  various exchanges of ideas.  A love story to the fullest, filled  with philosophies, romance, pain, laughter, and a chance meeting of a  Venician poet,  Before Sunrise catches everyone off guard, just because no  one's heard of it, and it's just so damned good.
B000005EJL|4.0|I have been a Supertramp from the beginning. I was slightly disapointed when I first heard this effort. But it sure does grow on you after awhile. Don't expect the old Supertramp but this is still a good one.
6303481345|4.0|This movie packs everything, good animation, good characters, and of course plenty of violence.  It focuses around a wanderer named Jubei who is asked to destroy demons that have wrecked havoc on an entire village.   Being an Anime Jubei is of course a reluctant hero and only accepts to go  along with the mission after he has been injected with poison and will be  supplied with the cure upon completing the mission.  Along the way he meets  a girl named Kagero from the Kogah ninja team.  Her entire body is poison  and anyone who touches it will die a horrible death.  Now they must  complete the mission before time runs out.
B0000026WD|5.0|I bought this CD in the early nineties when it came out, and I must admit, did not like it much at the time.  Pop idol Michael Jackson seemed to be moving away from the rhythm we were all so used to hearing him sing and perform and right into the rap scene in most of the songs.  But after his untimely death, I picked it up again and played it in my new car stereo, as if in my little homage to the King of Pop.  Maybe it is me - and the unrelenting fact that I am getting older, but now, after about fifteen years, I find the album irresistibly good.  All the songs in it have become Michael Jackson classics.<br /><br />Listening to the songs throughout, one can appreciate the variety and complexity of them, which include different rhythms and sounds usually at the beginning of each one, including dialogue and recitation.  The album starts with the noisy \\"Jam\\", a song that changes direction at almost every step, thus emulating a feeling of confusion.  In \\"Why you wanna trip on me?\\", an angry Michael fights for his rights, while in pieces like \\"Who is it?\\", \\"Give in to me\\" and \\"Gone too soon\\", one can feel the pain of infidelity, desperation and grief clamoring out of his voice.  This is also the album with the classic \\"Black or white\\", which started the controversy of color as the words in the song do not necessarily reflect the singer's actions (he had undergone skin therapy and had changed the color of his skin to white right at the time the album came out).<br /><br />Although an aspect that brought much negative publicity to his name, Jackson was highly involved in philanthropy, and songs like \\"Heal the world\\" and the powerful hymn \\"Will you be there?\\", which Jennifer Hudson sung so movingly at his funeral, are a testament to his commitment, if at times questioned, to help the world through his music.<br /><br />The album also won the award of best cover design for that year, thanks to stunning drawings and graphics that depict an idyllic paradise with Jackson's eyes overlooking the horizon with an inquisitive stare.  Is he forgiving, or damning?  One will never know, but a sure thing is that Jackson's music and unforgettable performances will remind us of an era that will always be alive in our hearts.zon with an inquisitive stare.  Is he forgiving, or damning?  One will never know, but a sure thing is that Jackson's music and unforgettable performances will remind us of an era that will always be alive in our hearts.
B000002ZM3|4.0|This 4-CD set presents WTC Book I on clavichord and WTC Book II on harpsichord.  Both books are presented in circle-of-fifths order, which I find more appropriate for consecutive listening than BWV order.<br />The  period clavichord and harpsichord used are by the same builder, Hass, built  just two years apart.  They provide a good demonstration of the  similarities and differences of the two types of instrument.<br />WTC Book I  works very well on clavichord.  It is really instructive to compare this  with the many recordings of Book I on harpsichord, or with Tilney's own  Book II version on harpsichord (in this set).<br />This 4-CD set runs over 310  minutes, which means that each CD has almost 80 minutes of music.  My two  gripes are: (1) Book II begins on the second CD and runs through the  fourth, so the books don't break evenly across the CDs.  (2) The miking of  the clavichord on these CDs (a notoriously difficult task) leaves something  to be desired; the recorded sound lacks some of the subtle quality that the  performer or those seated by the instrument would hear. Even so, I'm glad I  bought this set, and recommend it to anyone interested in the clavichord.
B00000AFFI|3.0|Polly Jean Harvey made a guest vocal appearance on Nick Cave's horrifyingly wonderful 1996 album, &quot;Murder Ballads&quot;, stealing (and breaking?) the old devil's heart somewhere in the process and  allegedly inspiring the morose \\"West Country Girl\\" on Cave's subdued 1997  collection of love ballads, &quot;The Boatman's Call&quot;. Sadly, that  latter disc may have been the first true loser of the mad Australian's  impressive career-and even if one does spot it some redeeming moments, it's  clearly Cave's weakest effort since 1985's &quot;The Firstborn is  Dead&quot;.<br />And just what does this have to do with Harvey's new record?  Well, for starters, the similarities between Cave's recent albums and  Harvey's last two solo albums are striking: Harvey's 1995 masterpiece  &quot;To Bring You My Love&quot; was (like Cave's &quot;Murder  Ballads&quot;) a vicious gem filled with striking performances and vivified  by Harvey's over-the-top predatrix persona, while her new &quot;Is This  Desire?&quot; is a gentler reflection on love and loss (with emphasis on  the latter) that clearly evokes &quot;The Boatman's Call&quot;. Add the  fact that multi-instrumentalist/producer/arranger Mick Harvey (no relation  to Polly Jean) contributed to both the Cave and Harvey records in questions  and the comparisons become all but impossible to avoid.<br />So let's cut to  the chase: does &quot;Is This Desire?&quot; suck as much as &quot;The  Boatman's Call&quot; did? No, it doesn't. But is it anywhere as impressive  as &quot;To Bring You My Love&quot; or even Harvey's middling 1997  collaboration with John Parish, &quot;Dance Hall at Louse Point&quot;? No,  it's not. Had this record been a debut, it might have been an auspicious  one-but having heard just what Polly Jean Harvey is capable of on her  powerful first three discs, it's hard to accept this tame collection of  songs and performances as a revelation or a cause for excitement.<br />Telling moment: I acquired &quot;Is This Desire?&quot; the same day I  purchased Sheryl Crow's &quot;The Globe Sessions&quot;. There were times  when I couldn't tell which disc I was listening to. While the surprising  sonic resemblance between the two women's new products (not to mention  potential confusion between Harvey's \\"Perfect Day, Elise\\" and Crow's  \\"Perfect Mistake\\") may win Harvey the radio audience she's long deserved,  it's sad to think that she had to sand her rough edges off to get it.<br />Not to mention Nick Cave's.his Desire?&quot; the same day I  purchased Sheryl Crow's &quot;The Globe Sessions&quot;. There were times  when I couldn't tell which disc I was listening to. While the surprising  sonic resemblance between the two women's new products (not to mention  potential confusion between Harvey's \\"Perfect Day, Elise\\" and Crow's  \\"Perfect Mistake\\") may win Harvey the radio audience she's long deserved,  it's sad to think that she had to sand her rough edges off to get it.  <br />Not to mention Nick Cave's.
0800141326|2.0|I rented this movie because, well, it was Saturday, the week-end, you know, and because I had always liked the Godzilla movies before this one.  This was a real clunker.  I wish Matthew Broderick would have quit acting  after &quot;War Games&quot;.  What a dry, boring performance.  And that  girl.  I can act better cutting my toenails than she did in this movie.  I  did like the new Godzilla better than the rubber suited lizards of the  past, thought they too have their charm.  Why did Godzilla have to die in  the end?  I would have liked for him to have stepped on Matthew Broderick  and his ditzy girlfriend and finished the movie giving a huge roar of  triumph as he destroyed NYC. No big loss in my opinion.  And the  story...STORY? What story.  The best scenes were of Godzilla running around  the city dodging the military's finest.  All, in all, I would like to edit  out all the  humans and just have Godzilla destroying things for two hours.  He was the best actor in the film!
6305127638|5.0|The greatest Trek of them all. As in Star Trek IV, which I personally considered the best of the Treks untill the release of First Contact, the crew of the Enterprise jumps back into time, only this time into a  post-WWIII earth in the year 2063. Their job is to repare the damage that  the Borgs have inflicted in a newly made spaceship that will take the human  race into a new era. In  VHS First Contact was a fantastic two hour  experience. But in DVD it reaches perfection. The quality of the image is  incredible but what is really great is the powerfull 5.1 Dolby Digital used  at its max. This is the kind of movie that makes you think what a great  investment your DVD and Home Theatre was. The cast is amazing, specially  the two 'guest appearances' James Cromwell and Alice Krige.
6302293553|5.0|I believe this to be the pinnacle of all the Monty Python movies. Full of classic lines still in use in conversations today. Set in the Dark Ages during the time of King Arthur, this witty film follows the quest for the  Holy Grail, the cup used by Christ at the last supper. So many humorous  things happen to the hapless Knights along the way it is difficult to pick  a favorite scene, but I would have to say it is when Arthur confronts some  peasants who give him quite an earful about governing systems. Quite funny!  I highly recommend this movie, whether you are a Monty Python lover or are  seeing this genre for the first time.
B00000DGRX|5.0|The remastered alone is enough to make you buy this version but for me the clinch was the second remixed disc. This is a must have! It sounds increadable!
B000002NHN|5.0|If you're a Mckennitt fan, this album won't disappoint. I especially liked the&quot;Mummer's Song&quot;, with its Celtic-themed background coupled with her voice, which seemed to me to express a kind of longing, yearning  quality on this song in particular. I think that Ms. Mckinnitt leaves the  rest of her New-Age peers spinning their wheels in her rearview mirror.
6302293553|5.0|Monty Python and the Holy Grail is a extremely funny movie.  My favorite parts are the Holy Handgrenade and Sir Lancelot being asked to spank an entire convent of sisters.  This movie might not hit your funny bone if you  are not a fan of british comedy however.
6301978900|4.0|If you are a fan of Joe Peshi you'll love this film.  He nearly steals the spotlight from DeNiro with his all too familiar snide comments and violent behavior.  Interestingly this is his first major motion picture...  Once  again DeNiro's performance is outstanding as the prize-fighter Jake LaMotta  who is battling the 'boogeyman' both inside and outside the ring.  Not a  five star film as you've seen this tragedy before in other movies.   Cinematography was also worthy of mention, captivating at times.
B000000WAC|3.0|This soundtrack for what I believe was a Japanese film has, like many soundtracks, some very worthy music interspersed with some filler.  I found at least three of the songs to be above average Bowie  compositions, and  nothing on the album is really tough listening.  &quot;Buddha of  Suburbia&quot; shows a Bowie who is once again finding his artistic stride,  one that he would hit more directly on &quot;Outside.&quot;  ((Bowie fans  should listen for the &quot;All the Madmen&quot; reference on the opening  cut.)
0767811046|5.0|sure the cast is mostly from the planet of &quot;90210&quot; and &quot;Saved by the Bell&quot; guest stars, but this is a perfect touch for a movie which doubles as the greatest pro-human, anti-insect propaganda  piece ever made!   The film actually does contain a lot of the philosophy  of the RAH book, which is a nice surprise.  They do make the idea of  &quot;citizenship&quot; a central theme of them movie.  The SFX, esp. the  &quot;abandon ship&quot; sequence, are the best i've ever seen.  really  gorgeous women as starship captains and karate-expert machine-gun-toting  mobile infantry! As for the critics, they should realize that RAH's novel  was written for a teen audience and its totally appropriate for the film to  be just as happily juvenile.  And its so easy, and meaningless, to call  someone a &quot;fascist&quot;.  sounds like a teenage attitude (&quot;you  fascist!&quot;) to me.
B000002BUY|5.0|This band is going to be big.  Originality is bleeding out of the cd.  science is awesome, but it hardly even covers the atomosphere of their live shows.  rage, chili peppers, korn, mr. bungle, combined with with a twist.   and made 1000X better.  For anyone who likes that crazy thing called music,  this should be your #1 pic. what are you waiting for.  buy it.
0790729636|2.0|Sorry folks, you may love the movie and you may, like me, even want to watch it over and over but it is NOT a great movie.  The direction is marginal, the plot is poor and in Pan and Scan the movie is worth maybe one  full watching and toss it but.... in DVD with Home Theater and Wide Screen  the movie's only claim to fame, tornado power, shines.  It is not that they  tried to increase anyones knowledge of tornadoes, if experts were used much  they must have been ignored alot, but the shear power displayed is exciting  and thrilling to watch.  This is one of the movies you buy to show off the  system, not to watch from end to end.  If you have a DVD, consider it, if  you are considering it in VHS just head for the local rental place to  satisfy your curiosity.
B00000FCBC|5.0|I love this CD... its amazing... i can't decide whether i like their first CD or second CD better... while the first one is their new covers that are amazing, the second is old-school metallica with nice hard songs, such as  &quot;so what&quot;... i was totally thrown off guard when so what came  on... an outrageously obscene song, but nonetheless... still great music...
B00000F1D3|5.0|Wow, this CD really reminds me of a waitress I worked with in the seventies. Rosie, if you're ou there, call me! Being musically adventurous, I purchased Cher's CD based on Amazon reviews and music samples. Yesterday,  I thought it was really cheesy, today it has grown on me. I love the  digital manipulation of her voice on the first cut, BELIEVE. It works  really well with her distinctive voice! And the fifth cut, STRONG ENOUGH is  pure Donna Summer circa 1977. Production sounds like a cross between  Giorgio Moroder and William Orbit. Occasionally, she veers a little too  close to Madonna`s RAY OF LIGHT. At first listen, Cher sounds reluctant to  sing this material, but I wouldn't be surpised if this CD outsells anyone's  expectations.  Cher is like a cat with nine lives. This CD is going to make  a great gift for my Uncle Debbie!
B000002H97|5.0|This album is soo amazing! I can honestly say i only really dislike one song, Of Wolf and Man, but the other songs are just so amazing.  My favorite Metallica album of all time Ride the Lightning, but it was such a  hard choice to choose betweent these two great albums.  Nothing Else  Matters and The Unforgiven are masterpeices that you will love no matter  what. Any of you people who say Metallica sold out, I want to refer to what  Jason Newsted said when asked about this... &quot;Yes we sell out, every  time we hold a concert, not one seat left in the house&quot;  This is  Metallica showing that they are real musicians and can dig deep into music  to find themselves... if you are a newfound fan of Metallica from  load/reload, then this is the album to buy... if you're a real FAN.. then  buy Ride the Lightning.. better yet.. buy both.. they are both my 2  favorite albums, and nothing will ever change that
6302814359|1.0|What ever you do don't think about buying this looser.  No plot, negative acting it is the worse.  If I were you I would look for the Return of the Living dead.  A really great product.  It looks like they don't print it  any more.  With enough requests they may get it back on the market.
B000002H2H|5.0|This was the first CD i ever owned, and while now I own upwards of 50 CDs, this is still my favorite.  It was a hard choice deciding between this CD or The Black Album as my favorite album of all time.  On The Black Album, I  love just about every song except Of Wolf and Man.  Nothing Else Matters  made it so hard to choose, but it came down to the fact that Fade to Black,  For Whom the Bell Tolls, Creeping Death, and the awesomest instrumental of  all time, The Call of Ktulu are present on Ride the Lightning.  Also, the  fact that I do not dislike ANY song at ALL on Ride the Lightning made me  come to the decision.. RIDE THE LIGHTNING IS AND ALWAYS WILL THE BEST  METALLICA ALBUM, OR ANY ALBUM FOR THAT MATTER OF ALL TIME!!
630512065X|2.0|Not much more to add to my better half's review, but it will probably keep the kids entertained.  And if you're a cat fancier, then this is the show for you.  Other than that: pffffffftttttttt!
0780624890|5.0|This is the best Action movie I've ever seen. The choreography (martial arts and timing) are simply incredible. This movie is one of the few that lives up to it's hype. Snipes is &quot;The Man of Action&quot; in  Hollywood.
0684874350|3.0|Yes, it moves along pleasantly, yes, he has an enormous gift for constructing scenes. But, when I was reading it, I found myself gradually thinking here I am, inclined to give this man a lot of credit because he  had horribly difficult beginings and his style of retelling them is so  humble and warm. It's not a book to make you think - at all -  that is,  unless for some reason you've never had any other occasion to think of the  misery of other people. It's not a book that challenges one's way of  approaching the world, at all, unless one has never considered the  differences between having and not having, before. In other words, if  you're really smug and insular and have gone around all your life thinking  that waiting in line at the supermarket is an inhuman punishment, Frank  McCourt will rock your world. Otherwise, I'm not so sure. Otherwise, it's  just a good book, not the best. Which is why the wild acclaim it's received  makes me kind of uneasy.
079213690X|2.0|Who wrote the lines for the princess?  Sure she looked great, but wouldn't it have been better if she had some depth?  When Mel asks her why she is helping him, she breathes &quot;because of the way you're looking at me  now...&quot;  Come on!  Give us some credit.  I like to imagine her saying  something like &quot;because the King's an a** who will ruin us&quot; or  &quot;I believe in your cause.&quot;  Mel's sexy and all, but is he really  worth the secrets of a kingdom?
B000003PBB|4.0|The album was pretty good, but to compare it to ABBA... makes it a lot less attractive. But I'm sure Agnetha worked hard on it and gave it her all.  I'd like to say that the song The Heat Is On is one of the ugliest of  Agnetha's so I don't know why reviews on the net say it's good or even the  best??? I think that people will agree with me that the love songs are all  this album has to offer.  So if you hate love songs, stay away from this  one. The rock songs are a poor attempt... But I love love songs so I liked  it.  But all songs have an old sound.  Personnaly, I liked the second and  third better.  Nice first try Agnetha, but better luck next time...
0887306128|5.0|I first heard of this book while watching an excerpt of Newt Gengrich's class (yes the one he got in so much trouble over).  He said that he always recommends this book to his subordinates.  When asked if he ever follows up  to find out if his advice has been followed, he replied, &quot;I don't have  to follow up; I can tell by their work habits whether or not they have read  the book.&quot;  Yes the specific examples are outdated but human nature  has not changed during the last several thousand years.  The basic elements  of his advice have not changed. I recommend anyone who is in a supervisory  capcity, or considering it, read this book.  Have your subordinates read  it, and keep it on your shelf.  You will want to refer to it again and  again.
B000002LGQ|5.0|fantastic cd, very personal. I recommend this to any one
6303566898|5.0|. . . for your having lived in it.  Why can't Hollywood write scripts like this anymore?  This is one of the most touching works of art the movie industry ever produced.  Black and white classic or modern colorized, it  makes no difference.  The message of the film does.
0790734060|5.0|Amadeus portrays Mozart not only as the musical prodigy, but as a person with faults and problems of his own. Tom Hulce is at the top of his form as Mozart. The score, being made up of mostly Mozart's own music, adds even  more to this delightful film. I love this movie!!!
B00000DHR0|5.0|Simply amazing! The diva has done it again. Sometimes hushed and tender, at others sung with unrestrained passion... with Dion's impressive voice delivering melodies both familiar and delightfully new to the ear the album  is sure to provide a rare treatment to the listener. Forget about this  being a 'Christmas album' - the CD is going to stay in my portable player  for all year long.
0553284347|5.0|I have purchased three copies, one for my husband and two for his sisters. Upon receiving the shipment I read this book again. Five &amp; a half years ago, a friend suggested that I read it and it reassured me about the  observations I was that stunned me. Toxic parents can have a devastating  effect that brings on shame, preventing some from seeking help early in  life and the saddest legacy is that it gets past on for generations.<br />Any  adult who emotionally strips their child of self-esteem, self-worth and  confidence is a Toxic parent! Any parent who enables the abuser...is also a  Toxic parent! And sadly to say, any victim who chooses not to overcome the  hurtful legacy can potentially become a Toxic sibling, a Toxic spouse or a  Toxic friend.<br /> I never thought that I would, one day, wake up to the  realization that I was in a Toxic relationship... sometimes it sneaks up on  you! I  &quot;ROCKED THE BOAT&quot; and endured a backlash from my husband  and his family this book made me realize that I had to stick to my guns if  I wanted to have  a healthy marriage.<br />Nobody should ever feel obligated  to hide or burden the family shame.
0887309372|5.0|This book should be considered compulsary reading for everyone in management ; from the chairman of the board down. This applies equally to those who are teaching business management. In 22 short, easy-to-understand  and easy-to-read chapters, the authors explain in simple language, that  which most of us would hope to have learnt after as many years in business.
B00000DHTF|4.0|true Springsteen fans will love this set of CDs, but casual fans will probably only find a few tracks they really like, and skip through the rest
B00000DHRZ|3.0|some of the stuff is ok, but nothing is fantastic.  If u want a good offspring cd get Smash instead.
6302424887|3.0|Lady Macbeth was awful
B000005IRG|2.0|This is perhaps the most overrated album of rock music. Reviewers always rave about the powerful playing but provide little warning about the horrific singing. True, the rythems, the interplay among musicians and the  guitar duals are fantastic. However, the cd is almost unlistenable because  of Tom Verlaine's terrible vocals, which sound like, as Jerry Seinfeld  decribed his date's laugh, &quot;Elmer Fudd sitting on a juicer&quot;.
6302518423|5.0|This video should be in the collection of every Greenaway fan.  It is as quirky and visually beautiful as \\"The Cook, the Wife, the Thief and her Lover\\" and \\"Drowning by the Numbers\\".  The rich colors  and and lavish scenary really shows the director's background in painting.   The use of the magical books to help the storyline along is novel and  interesting.  You should know the story of Shakespear's Tempest before  viewing the tape.  The Swedish import version of this DVD is the one to get.
157492589X|5.0|My wife describes the relation between the two main characters as a love story. I may not agree with her assessment but these two lifelong friends have quite an adventure. Larger than life texas rangers go through one hell  of a story.  Book was great and the movie follows pretty close.  Worth a  watch or two.
B000005RXA|4.0|As good as this album sounds, it is depressing to hear, given the current state of all of the members of Genesis's current music.  This disc proves just how valuable Steve Hackett was to Genesis.  Watcher of the skies  sounds great with John Wetton singing and Bill Bruford on the drums.  Firth  of Fifth is redone with excellent virtuosity and new parts, I know what I  like is done as a jazz combo and Los Endos thrives from the new ideas Steve  has thrown in.  Makes you really want a Genesis reunion.  Oh well, this  will do.
0684874350|5.0|I read Angela's Ashes on the recommendation of a friend.  Far from disappointed, I found myself enchanted by the delicate and humorous narration.  Nearing the final chapters, I was disappointed only by the  reality that I would soon finish this enjoyable book.  A superbly written  masterpiece.  Possibly the most rewarding book I have ever read.
6301543408|1.0|STAR TREK V in one word yawn!!!. I can not to this day believe to this day this movie was ever made.  Yes WILLIAM SHATNER directs and was expierence I'd like to forget going to find god? please!!! that has no place in a STAR  TREK film at all.  Also watch out for row row your boat I won't say who  sings it but it'll make you cringe avoid STAR TREK V THE FINAL FRONTIER at  all costs.
0380778556|5.0|I had rented the movie Rebecca and loved it so much I had to buy the book. Rebecca is one of my all time favorite books. I'll never forget how I had to do a report on the book. I was so into it, I was the only person in my  class to get a hundred. Rebecca is a true classic.
6300216802|2.0|I thought STAR TREK THE MOTION PICTURE was too long and drawn out. I mean I liked seeing KIRK, MCCOY, and SPOCK and all the rest of the original series characters but I didn't get the whole VY'GER storyline and the  action in this film takes too long to appear in the film. Anyway see STAR  TREK II instead you'll like it a lot better.
0451191153|5.0|After reading Atlas Shrugged (AS), I found it hard to believe that A.R. could out do herself.  I must admit, however, that I found the Fountainhead to be far superior.  What makes it better is the dialog and  characterization, which are much more natural and deeper than in AS.  In  AS, it seemed as if all the characters are one dimensional actors, only  there to illustate A.R.'s philosophical principles.  Toohey's character is  particularly outstanding.  I have never encountered a character that more  accurately embodies evil in its purest form.  What makes Toohey especially  frightening is that his evil is of the intellectual, rather than the  physical, variety.  His speech to Keating on the nature of power (at the  end) is a classic!
6301562178|1.0|I found THE TOWERING INFERNO to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen and here's why.  The acting by the cast seems too amateurish I mean PAUL NEWEMAN, FRED ASTIRE and STEVE MCQUEEN are top-notch actors and they act  like they never acted before in film or on the stage.  The effects in this  movie leave  something to be desired as well the fire sequences seem too  overplayed. I kinda got the feeling that the director just concentrated on  effects instead of a good storyline like he or she should have.  This movie  THE TOWERING INFERNO proves that special effects without a good story are  pretty boring.  I
0802130208|5.0|First of all, it's amazing that a book that won the Pulitzer Prize so many years ago is still generating heated reviews.  The good news is that people are still reading.  (There's no bad news.)  The bottom line, however, is  that humor is a very personal thing.  My friends and I all read the book  pretty much at the same time when it was first published.  Most of us found  it funny, touching, deep and beautifully written.  Others of us found it  disturbing and off-putting.  It IS disturbing to think that perhaps Toole  was writing himself into the Ignatius character.  Meanwhile, I now have a  13-year-old son who chose &quot;Dunces&quot; as elective reading in the 8th  grade and wrote a very perceptive book report.  His experience with the  book made me reread it (I'd already read it several times) -- and I still  love it, as did he.  Mostly, it challenged both of us to think, which is  all I ask of any book (except for the occasional &quot;brain candy&quot;  mystery or beach book).
0800141326|2.0|Godzilla is WHAT?!?!  Godzilla is a giant fish-eating(?), egg-laying(!), tunneling(?), no-breath(!) creature, of varying intellect and size, that stomps around New York for two days, leaving the Keystone Kops, er, U.S.  Army, to do most of the damage to the city, with minimal civilian  casualties.  How do we explain this?   Simple.<br />This was actually a  different movie, with the soundtrack redubbed to replace 'Atomic Iguana'  with 'Godzilla'.  They should have kept the first name.  I'm glad my folks  bought the DVD instead of me, and I'm still trying to get a refund from the  theater.
B00000F1NU|5.0|I love this! It's so sweet! If you've ever been hounded to take out the trash, you'll love it as much as I did!!!
6305232660|3.0|I was looking for a disaster flick, and got a human interest story instead.  Try as I might, though, I can't completely trash this movie, as this is a case where good acting comes to the rescue of piecemeal editing,  and blatantly misleading advertising.
0790737345|3.0|Keep in mind , this is just my opinion, but I just thought it was weird. If you like something slightly unrealistic and kooky, than rent this.
0792107683|5.0|In this classic tale of farmers vs. ranchers, Alan Ladd portrays a gunman known only as Shane.  By chance he is befriended by a farmer and attempts to leave his outlaw life behind by becoming a farm hand.  However, the  farmer (Van Heflin in a strong supporting role) is the leader of a group of  settlers who are in conflict with the local rancher (Emile Meyer).  As the  ranchers use increasing violence against the farmers, Shane is faced with  the moral dilemma: run, or take up his gun again.   This is unquestionably  one of the best westerns ever made.  Ladd's low-key performance as Shane is  complemented by Heflin's emotional, passionate portrayal of the courageous  farmer, Joe Starrett; the chemistry between the two is superb.  Brandon de  Wilde is also excellent as Starrett's son Joey, who is fascinated by the  wandering gunman.  The movie is well-acted throughout, with fight scenes  shown with unusual honesty for the period.  An absolute must-see.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I'm floored!  I think of myself as one of the first people who took to Alanis back when &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; first gained some airplay.  I enjoyed  listening to Jagged Little Pill a lot and appreciated Alanis's  voice, but this one is  on a whole different level.  She's clearly been  dealing with becoming the voice of a generation since JLP set sales  records.  Alanis shows an incredible strength while at the same time  admitting that she is a single sole struggling through life just as we all  are.  And she's only 24!  I for one look forward to the future.
0393038912|5.0|I came across a review written by Bill Gates (Microsoft CEO) and decided to read it as soon as possible.  I was not disappointed.  This book finally puts to bed all racist, nationalistic, or &quot;ordained by  divine right&quot; theories that people the world over have conjured up in  the past to advance their own claims of superiority over others.  Dominance  and influence has often flowed from the subtle, capability-enhancing  advantages afforded by geography and climate rather than from an  &quot;inherent&quot; God-given individual superiority. This book is very  comprehensive and systematically examines all issues to leave no doubt as  to which factors are most influential in societal advancement.<br />Computers  and the Internet are diminishing the advantages enjoyed by some in the past  (e.g. geography is no longer as important as it used to be for production  of intellectual capital).  Thus, this book is valuable not just for the  sweeping account of the reasons why certain societies advanced in past, but  it also serves as a useful guide of the factors that will influence the  rise of tomorrow's leaders.
B000002UJQ|5.0|The first time I heard this album I wasn't crazy about it. The next time I played it it still didn't strike me as being anything special. Fast forward one year and probably 75 listenings later, and I can safely say that this  is my favorite album of all time (barely surpassing Pink Floyds' &quot;Dark  Side..&quot; and various Beatles LPs). How good is this album? How often  does a rock band, much less an &quot;alternative&quot; band without  widespread acclaim, get a Grammy nomination for album of the year, as OK  Computer did? This album takes the listener on a majestic audio road trip  filled with soaring highs(&quot;Let Down&quot;) and dark, haunting  lows(&quot;Paranoid Android&quot;). As has been stated in other reviews, as  great as the individual songs are, it is the collection as a whole, and the  emotional peaks and valleys that go with each listen, that is the most  satisfying.
6300270424|5.0|If you were fortunate enough to be born during the reign of Led Zeppelin, I praise you, especially if you saw them live.  I was not fortunate enough and that is where this video comes in.  To hear Robert Plant's vocal  dynamics, Jimmy Page's electric guitar make Hendrix look like a rookie, Jon  Bonham's drumming a work of art, and John Paul Jones's work on keyboards  exceptional.  There is only band in the world where each band member was so  superior in his forte... that group is LED ZEPPELIN.
630382790X|5.0|Incredible, awesome, the best, and wild! This is theCOOLEST movie I've ever seen! I've watched it about 30 timesand it's still not enough! I cried my eyes out!
B000000993|5.0|unreal melodic tunes to thrash to
1573301051|5.0|What DVD is all about. Plays in various formats (5.1) as well as subtitles in 3 languages. Top quality digital recording. Superb performances as well, with a finale that is fantastic. Recorded live at the Beacon Theater in NY.  And Shania Twain... if she isn't hot, I don't know what is.
0060920084|5.0|If you appreciate (and understand)sarcasm and have ever ridden in the back seat of a wood-panelled station wagon, you'll love this book.  Bill Bryson reminisces about the quirks of family vacations and skewers strip malls,  tourist traps, small towns, and American culture. <br />While I lived in the  UK, Bill Bryson had attained cult-like status with his satiric look at  British culture. The British adore his wit and sarcasm where many of my  fellow Americans, alas, don't get it and take personal offense when he  pokes fun at Mississippi or Iowa. <br />Try &quot;Notes from a Small  Island&quot; and &quot;Neither Here Nor There&quot; after you read this.
B00000295Y|5.0|The Hill puts together their best beats yet. Hits from the Bong will be imitated for years to come. Find a car with a really good sound system and cruise! Excellent!  5 STARS!
0783114222|5.0|I'm glad someone made film about the Apollo missions!  They are like documentaries.  Also most spotlight the individual(s) that worked behind the scenes at NASA back then... people you wouldn't even have thought of  but that without them, the astronaunts would not have gone up!   Again,EXCELLENT!!!!!
0684874350|3.0|I think that this book was a great look into the mechanisms of the present Irish demarcations in society.  McCourt was specific, but he just wasn't as poetic and proficient as I expected.
6305177473|5.0|This movie was fabulous.Much better than the 1960 version.Lindsey Lohan was great.
B000002AHM|5.0|&quot;Friday Night... &quot; had to be one incredible night, the interaction between these 3 virtuosos is awe-inspiring!  And who ever thought breaking a string could be so much fun?  Wow! I've loved this album since I first  discovered it in the early 80's, I just wish I wouldn't have waited so long  to replace the old, needle-worn LP.
6303566898|5.0|This movie is one of the best movies ever made about the theme of love: love for your family, love for oneself, love for a spouse, love for your children, love for your friends, love for your community. All of these  issues are shown so beautifully and cleverly in this incredible movie.  Everytime I watch it, it makes me cry from the beauty of it. I thank God  for Capra. The 50th anniversary addition gives you a cassette with some  Christmas songs, and on the video is the trailer and TOm Bosley narrates  the Making of it (pity they picked him - wrong voice for it). I suggest  just getting the standard video but, if you want to see Capra -- the genius  behind it all -- then get this 50th anniversary video.
B000002RAA|5.0|Hall of the Mountain Grill is laden with pure &quot;Lemmy&quot; Bass riffs.After seeing the cover art it is hard not to put it on then &amp;there!The title cut of this album is remarkable in it's self. Not to  mention &quot;Lost Johnny&quot;, &quot;D-Rider&quot;&amp;the Hawkwind  classic&quot;The Psychedelic Warlords&quot;.One listen to this and you are  HOOKED!!##%$^&amp; A persnal note: I bouhgt most of my Hawkwind music  before CD's were even invented..To hear Hawkwind on vinyl is a real  treat.Try it if you can,what a trip!Yes Timmy,CD's are better  BUT..................from brother-Hawklord;BRYAN of planet Earth,  Elgin;S.C-{C.S.A.}///)(*&amp;^%$#@!.......................
6301969294|1.0|The Ayn Rand Institute should hunt down every copy of this video and destroy it.  If you've read the book and haven't yet seen the movie... don't.  The characters are shallow and the storyline is, well, to be  desired.  All I know is I loved the book and practically cried when I saw  what a mess they made of the movie.  But that's just my opinion. SEC
B00000AFDW|4.0|This is dinosaur rock at its best! I've been waiting years for the original four members to come to their senses and give the fans what we've been begging for. And they've delivered in Spades (a wink to Ace). From the  title track to the closing strains of JOURNEY OF 1,000 YEARS it's Classis  KISS with a slightly updated feel. Songs like WE ARE ONE contain an overdue  nod of the head to us fans who have kept them in champagne all these years.  While songs like WITHIN (which sounds like it was probably intended for use  on CARNIVAL OF SOULS) offer us a harder edged more modern sound that is  offset by the pure 70's guitar pyrotechnics of Ace Frehley on INTO THE  VOID.  This album also marks the re-emergence of Gene Simmons as a major  songwriting force in the band. The last few years his contributions have  been minimal and half hearted, but no more. Gene really shines in the  Circus. There's something to love in this collection for KISS fans of every  KISS era.
6303566898|5.0|I'm adding a second review because I forgot so many things in the first. The phone scene where they are both on the phone and he is realizing how much he loves her, is scintillating. It's one of the best scenes ever of a  man falling in love.<br />Capra, as usual, has picked the perfect actor for  every role - he was so good at that!
B0000019PA|5.0|One minute somber, the next minute packed with energy.  This CD captures in a studio what most bands strive for on stage.
B00000DHR0|5.0|I LIVE IN BRAZIL AND COULDN`T WAIT FOR THE ALBUM TO ARRIVE HERE.. IT`S THE MOST BEAUTIFUL ALBUM I`VE EVER HEARD!CELINE IS THE BEST SINGER IN THE WORLD AND IS PERFECTLY REPLACING THE MOTHER OF ALL DIVAS LA STREISAND.EVERYBODY  SHOULD HAVE THIS ALBUM AND IS THE PERFECT XMAS GIFT. IT`S SIMPLY PERFECT  AND CELINE`S VOICE IS THE BEST VERY FAR FROM ANY OTHERS.....!
B00000DCER|4.0|John Lee Hooker's mumbling delivery always kind of bugs me. But his music usually makes up for it. High points on this CD are the songs with Clapton, Bonnie Raitt, and Santana. Everything on here is good, though.
B000002NJS|5.0|As a fan of William Orbit and occasionally a fan of Madonna, I was looking forward to the release of this collaboration for a long time.  Of course, I loved it at first listen.  It is Madonna's best album, by far.  If you're a  follower of William Orbit, however, I think you'll find the work to be less  sophisticated than his work on Hinterland and Strange Cargo III.  Still, a  must-have for a fan of either of these artists.
B00000G28U|3.0|If there really is a &quot;clean&quot; version of Garage Inc. then Metallica is becoming more of a sell-out than I thought. The first disc, with some exceptions, is: &quot;Let's record any old crap and our fans will  buy it&quot;, the second is real Metallica, raw, vibrant. Metallica plays  Motorhead better than Motorhead.
0780622650|4.0|Good quality picture &amp; sound make this entertaining movie enjoyable in a home theater. Lots of extras make for an interesting look behind the scenes. Love the interface!
6300213714|5.0|The Warriors, led by Swan (Michael Beck,) are falsely accused of murdering the leader of the toughest gang in New York. Every gang in NY is out to get them and they must fight the odds and get across the city back home to  Coney Island. There are plenty of fights and action thrown in with some  romance, as Swan and Mercy, the girl from the wrong side of the tracks  who's looking for some &quot;real action&quot; develop feelings for one  another. The Warriors is a must see!
6303674984|5.0|While the theater release of GETTYSBURG was very well recieved, the DIRECTOR'S CUT is much richer and far more entertaining.  For the uninitiated audience the first 15 minutes are critical for setting the  historical stage.  Especially scenes cut from the theater release (i.e.  Buford's dialogue with the citizens of Gettysburg, etc.),  The 35 extra  minutes of footage makes this epic work truely engrossing.  ALSO, the Gift  Set includes a wonderful video on THE MAKING OF GETTYSBURG.
6300271439|4.0|This movie really surprised me! It was so funny I really thought it was going to be dumb but whoa I was wrong! it was hilarious! Warning: PG means it does have some language
0425152251|5.0|A very creative written story.  Sure, the author was obviously stuffing the philosophy down each poor reader's throat, but with the funny stories, it seemed to be the direct opposite of the socalled philosophy.  Great  examples, and at the same time, you're searching for who Sophie actually  is...and also why the heck we are reading about her.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn's CD is awesome.  She proves that a woman can be both beautiful on the outside and on the inside.  Her lyrics are thought-provoking.  Her duet with D'Angelo is the best - the combination of their styles is unbelievably  smooth.  This is my favorite CD right now, and will be one that I contnue  to play for a long time.
B000001EKX|3.0|Hotter Than Hell just irks me. Some of the songs are decent but are rendered totally limp by shoddy production technique. My friend, the Big Dogg, won't even spin this disc because of the horrible sound quality.  Where was this recorded- in Gene's outhouse? There are a couple of classic  songs, however- Ace's &quot;Parasite&quot; and &quot;Strangeways&quot; are  the album's centerpieces. The title track bores me as do tracks like  &quot;Comin' Home&quot; and &quot;Goin' Blind.&quot; The second of 3 albums  in a span of like 2 years leads me to one conclusion- early KISS platters  were not made for quality's sake, but for quantity's. -David Newman 1998
0783204914|4.0|A feel good movie for both men and women.  Pacino looks like he's having a blast while Chris O'Donnel looks appropriately intimidated.  Late night holiday viewing for my family each Christmas season after the kids are off  to bed.
B00000AF95|5.0|There is absolutely nothing tame about KISS' 1984 excursion- Animalize. Hand it to the late Eric Carr to reinvigorate a previously low-octane rhythm section. Carr's heavy-handed attack is the new heart of the ideal  KISS sound- big, fat beats that are the underpinning of big, simple riffs.  After dropping the substance-plagued Vinnie Vincent, KISS install new  shred-meister Mark St. John on lead duties. His solos are just too darn  fast to fit in with the local buzz, and thus the tunes suffer a tad come  time for the lead breaks. Maybe he was trying to impress Gene; who knows?  Who cares? The album definitely rolls from start to finish, with nary a  Paul Stanley-let's-get-the-chicks-with-this-ballad ballad. Yippee! This  piece of Kisstory is indeed memorable, for all the elements of a  consistently strong effort are present- inter-song dynamics and speed  shifts, hooky vocal melodies, crafty production, and plain 'ol  musicianship. Animalize represents the penultimate of KISS contrivances,  but 1985's follow-up Asylum takes the bacon as far as I am concerned.  -David Newman 1998
6305161976|5.0|What can I say that hasn't been said before? A masterpiece that arose from chaos and confusion. Perhaps the best total cast of any film ever made! The DVD is so good one can see that many of Bergman's scenes were shot in soft  focus to make her more beautiful - as if she needed that! I was more  affected by the film watching it on DVD than at any other time - and when  they start playng the Marseilles at Rick's Cafe - WOW!! A great documentary  comes with it along with other trailers for other Bogart films.
B00000AF98|3.0|I can find nary a redeeming quality to this KISS kornball. The title track, though catchy in an AOR sorta way, gets more annoying each time I hear the lyrics &quot;These are crazy, crazy, crazy, cra-zy nights.&quot;  The best part of this KISS line-up, namely the late Eric Carr's  thump-a-bunch drumming, is shackled and tamed to bereavement. For  comparison's sake, just listen to him wallop those cans on Asylum, then  give the abominable Crazy Nights a spin-- you'll feel the difference.  Similarly, Bruce Kulick's usually fiery leads are toned down in comparison  to Asylum's barrage, obviously too much for the kiddies to digest- though I  loved it. There's an intimation of firepower at the beginning of the track  &quot;No, No, No.&quot; Other than that, Crazy Nights is limp-ola. O.K.  maybe I like &quot;Hell or High Water&quot; a little bit, but only a  little. My harsh opinions concerning this release are perhaps a smidge  biased- I just recoil at the fact that 2 awesomely gifted musicians such as  Carr and Kulick are reduced to this fluff when they can really rock (check  out Asylum). And please enlighten me as to why the heck Paul Stanley has to  staple 2 power ballads to every KISS record. I think this album went  platinum, but me and Snoo (my best bud) agree- if you have one too many  &quot;Crazy Nights,&quot; you'll be beggin' to be put back into an  &quot;Asylum.&quot; - David Newman 1998
6303011012|4.0|An inspiring exposure of music, a mixture of the classic symphonics with the accelerating rythms of the new age. A very well integrated mixture of music were every style and instrument is a strong solo and member of an  orchestra. Simply sublime...
B000001ELR|5.0|metal lineage. Highly recommended, especially now that it is finally remastered with a better mix and the original cover artwork. Even the non-remaster cranks. Gene is demonic-sounding as ever on tracks like  &quot;Killer,&quot; &quot;Rock and Roll Hell,&quot; &quot;I Love It  Loud,&quot; and &quot;War Machine.&quot; Paul gets a bit funky on  &quot;Keep Me Comin'&quot; but cooler heads prevail on the notoriously  heavy title track. Only letdown is that dreaded power ballad-type-thing  goin' down with &quot;I Still Love You.&quot; (Blech) Do chicks really dig  that drivel? Creatures of the Night is chocked full 'o power chords no  thanks to Ace Frehley, even though his name appears in the credits  somewhere and his mug is on the cover- doesn't sound like Ace played a lick  anywhere. Vinnie Vincent seems the likely culprit here, making KISS once  again vital in the HM/HR scene. Oh man, Eric Carr sounds so good on this  record, it should be illegal. Classic, classic drum sound. Carr was way too  talented for KISS; he will forever be sorely missed. Yep, this is the album  before they took the make-up off. Dig it, cause it'll be a few years before  anything else fom KISS becomes crank-worthy. -David Newman 1998
B000002TQB|5.0|&quot;Parklife&quot; is perhaps one of the finest recordings ever made.  It is probably one of three albums that defined the Britpop genre in the mid-90s (along with Oasis &quot;What's the Story...&quot; and Pulp  &quot;Different Class&quot;).  What makes the album so fine is that it  mixes all sorts of styles from New Wave to disco while providing an often  satirical and always lively commentary on modern society (British society  in particular).  I think the reason Blur and Pulp never caught on in the  USA like Oasis did is that their lyrics are too British-centered and too  intellectual to appeal to many Americans, who seemingly spring for the  shallow rather than the complex.  In short, if you want to expand your  horizons, give &quot;Parklife&quot; a chance.
B000002A33|5.0|Much like Zed Lepplin's Zoso or any Pearl Jam album, Dust is a total music experience; not just a series of tracks.  Turn it on and drive around Olympia for a subline night around Puget Sound.
0609603086|1.0|Clearly someone, other than Ken Follett, is writing his books.  Second worthless book in a row. Follett's twin could not fool anyone. It is painful that the author I most respected continues to put out such drivel.  Those movies must be making Follett rich, but its at the expense of his  reputation.  I'll continue to read J. Archer until I've read all of them.
6303921248|5.0|I have seen several renditions of Pride and Prejudice and this is by far the best. Jennifer Ehle provides Elizabeth just the right amount of carelessness of youth and strength of character which Austen gives her in  the novel. Colin Firth plays Mr. Darcy with a cool exterior but underlying  passion, something missing in other renditions. The length gives one just  enough time to savor the story where other adaptations have rushed it  along. I already have one video adaptation of Pride and Prejudice but I've  bought this one because it is so superior.
6300181553|5.0|Very nostalgic--Fred Astaire and Bing at theirbest.  Great music and great dance routines.I fine this really helps get me into the HolidayMood.
0805002014|5.0|This was my daughter's first book at 6 months. I still read it to her 7 months later. All that is missing are the sounds that accompany each animal (roars, tweets, meow, ruff, etc.) and that is what Dads and Moms are for  anyway. A GREAT book--should be followed by A Very Hungry Caterpillar.
B000000W3G|5.0|From the hardcore Rock of Zero to the peace on Thirty-Three, this box set is VERY cool.  My personal favorite is Said, Sadly, which is a duet on the Bullet With Butterfly Wings C.D.  A great buy.
0425098478|3.0|After 20 years of getting my MBA and working in the consultingfield for just that long, I can tell you that this book is way tooartificial and misleading. I wish this book will not paint the wrong picture of management. It over-simplifies human nature and the art of management. If you believe this is the way to run a business, a factory or a classroom, you are dead wrong.  For general readers, Cohen's book &quot;The Art of the Leader&quot; is probably worth your while.
B00000FCBC|5.0|This album is unbelievable! With awesome songs like Blue Oyster Cult's &quot;Astronomy&quot; and the Meryful Fate's medly, this album cant go wrong. Black Sabbath's &quot;Sabra Cadabra&quot; is one of the best covers  I've ever heard. The second disc isn't anything to scoff at either. This  second disc is a chance for all you who missed out on all their original  cover songs. They are some of the greatest songs anywhere around. PICK THIS  ALBUM UP!
6304795254|5.0|Excellent Flick
B0000065TL|5.0|This movie is really good.It combines great concert footage with a really in depth look into what is Madonna.It is also neat to look at how a concert of that magnitude is put togther.
B00000AFFF|4.0|This recording is not for everyone.  I found that two coworkers absolutely hated it.  There will be few people who take a middle of the road stance on this music.  First, I read about it.  I thought about it, and then I  purchased it and listened again and again.  This recording made me work a  little to find the gems within, and it was every bit worth the effort.    Several reviews compare Elvis' voice to Burts'and I agree.   Bacharach could have used a Warwick or Springfield or even a Luther  Vandross whose rendition of &quot;A House is not a Home&quot; is classic,  but I prefer the coupling of Costello and Bacharach. Costello is  Bacharach's voice as imperfect as that voice may be.  And in Costello's  voice I almost hear my own voice and I experience my personal memories of  lost loves.  I am trying not to overplay it especially when friends are  near because this music must be truly listened to in order to appreciate  it. If you get the uninterrupted  chance to listen to the words and the  emotion behind the words you may find yourself remembering that other girl  and the feeling that pretty girls look right through you when someone else  holds your heart. <br />PS I found Painted From Memory in the Rock section of  Virgin Records under Costello!  It was not located in the jazz, pop or  vocal sections. Can we do something about that?
B000002MFN|5.0|When this album came out it was met with so much bad publicity because of the &quot;sex&quot; book, and people didn't really take the time to actually listen to the music on this album. Despite what a lot of poeple  said about this album when it came out, I think this is definently one of  Madonna's very best. All of the tracks are smooth, well-done, well-written,  and tell a definite story. Plus, the more I listen to it the more I like  it. If you like Madonna, or even if you just like good music, this cd is  great. I highly recommend &quot;erotica&quot; to any one.
068483605X|5.0|I'm a voracious reader, yet Watership Down remains a favorite.  I read it again last month and continue to think about the qualities and courage of the furry characters.
0060920084|4.0|Bill Bryson brings a unique viewpoint to his writing abouttravelling around America.  An expatriate for twenty years he returnsto rediscover the land of his youth and--not suprpisingly--he finds that some changes have been made.  Most are not to his liking.  Some red-blooded American readers may take offense at Bryson's withering descriptions of the denizens of America's small towns, tourists, K-Mart, RVers, scenic highways , southern cops and cultural icons, but I found it insightful and very, very funny.  Bryson contrasts the America he remembers from his childhood with the America he encounters upon his return in ways that highlight changes the rest of us might not have noticed or just accepted without too much thought.  Some readers may get a little tired of Bryson's chronic crankiness and exaggerated-for-effect descripitions of people or places that arouse his ire but I think they'll find his points are generally right on the nose.
B000002LTV|5.0|Wow! Was there ever a more appropriate title for an album?! This is one of my favourites. After a long day, this is the perfect music to go with my scented candles. When I have trouble sleeping, or I want to set a romantic  mood - this is my CD! I can't wait to drive through the Jamican countryside  (preferably a rainy day in Portland) and groove to this c-o-o-l album. . .   and what a creative album jacket design!
0399143904|2.0|Because I have read and enjoyed many of Clancy's other novels, I was eager to read this one, too.  What a disappointment!  This book just plods on endlessly.  It's about as suspenseful as finding out that all your blue  jeans are blue.  Don't bother to buy this one.
006017322X|5.0|I first read this book because I knew I'd be forced to read it later this year. I was sucked into the story of Scout, a six year old girl who innocently watches the events that unfold in her town around a black man  accused of rape. This story is full of interesting  characters, truthful  morals, and humorous irony. I was also suprised to find a writer who does  children justice. Instead of having them   be &quot;a bunch of dumb  kids&quot; they show insight and personality. Go Harper Lee!
1572522089|5.0|Akira Kurasawa reaches epic proportions in this rich cinematic tribute to Shakespeare's &quot;King Lear&quot;.  The visual scope of his directing abilities become evident with breadthtaking landscapes, and large populated  scenes. But the mark of a master is to keep the viewer intimately involved  beyond the wide expansive scenes, drawing you into the intrigue between the  primary characters.  It is hard to improve upon Shakespeare, but Kurasawa's  directing has done it.  A must see!
630512065X|5.0|The costumes were great, the music was wonderful and the charicters were so realistic, like they were really Cats!!!
B000002BYD|3.0|I've come up with a theory as to why I find this album so very unsatisfying. As PJ's core fans grow up, and the guys do themselves, they're forced to continue to compete in the rock-star sweepstakes, while  trying to stay true to their old fans, and just wind up confusing everyone  ( the 'U2' syndrome). That said, Yield is one disjointed album. It opens  with the now obligatory 'kick the door in' jam. 'Faithful' and 'No Way' are  far and away the album's best, and it's downhill from there. I'm not  putting the band down for experimenting, because 'No Code' is my favorite  album, but this album's latter half lacks any of that record's charm or  songwriting. Just an opinion.
B000002KHF|5.0|Everyone is right-on here; this is a gorgeous album, and the music is beautiful enough to bring tears to your eyes.<br />It is everything that everyone says it is: soulful, evolved, tender, loving, haunting in parts,  and very romantic.<br />Van Morrisson has revealed a very beautiful part of  himself in 'Moondance', and I really love listening to it.
B000002AJZ|5.0|I gotta say it----Miles changed my world, my life, my everything with this record.  Suddenly, everything is clear, my eyes are open, and my mind is ablaze.  One wishes that the CD did proper justice to the bad-ass sleeve  art from the original gatefold album, but, hey, the music's there and  that's enough.  Nothing will ever be the same again.  Please please please  listen to this if you haven't already.  It'll put your head in a completely  new position.
0792151720|5.0|Before reading this review, scan the others already submitted by amazon.com guests. Most people hated it, (they should be committed) and the ones who liked it offered no intelligent reasons. (they were clearly  Leo-DiCaprio-infatuated)<br />   What really makes this movie so spellbinding  and infinitely worthy of the Best Picture Oscar is that it is a grand,  sweeping fairy tale of a story set in what could be called a long time ago  in a place far, far away. Not 1912, but the Grandest Ship in the World, one  which was so majestic in its glory and so terrifying in its death that it  was the perfect setting for a classic story.<br />   And such is provided  through Jack and Rose, two young lovers who have absolutely beautiful  chemistry. Unfortunately, one of them is Leonardo DiCaprio. Thank goodness  he was robbed of an Oscar nomination; his performance threatened to  disbalance the movie and ruin the spectacular human story and emotions.  Towards the end of the film, it becomes clear that Rose is the main  character and that Jack is no less than a plot device to help her realize  that there is more to life than sitting up straight and gossip.<br />   The  Titanic herself is one of the most breathtaking cinematic effects ever  created; forming a feeling of overwhelming power, grandeur, and luxury as  she steams across the ocean. James Cameron's direction will not allow the  camera to sit still and have the ship do its own thing; the camera swoops  around the funnels and does full 360 degree turns, creating dizzying  perspecives such as are yet unparalelled in movies.<br />   James Horner's  musical score is yet another breathtakingly perfect aspect of the film; the  pounding music of the action sequences, the wild vocals of the great ship's  death, all bring out the astounding story told by the movie to the most  beautiful detail.<br />   Titanic is truly a spectacular achievement, and  ranks among the greatest movies of all time- not along side crowd-pleasers  likeIndependence Day, but among classics like It's a Wonderful Life, Gone  With the wind, and Casablanca. A true masterpiece.
B000002KGT|4.0|One of the premiere albums from my growing up period of the 1970's.  Never has such acrimony produced such a top selling album.  This goes to show you that music written from the heart will always have a place in the world of  rock n roll.  The individual who rates this a one star has a limited  perspective of music.  I am not giving this a five star album because the  songs are too structured and  slightly over played by classic rock radio  stations.  However, the arrangements are on the money therefore making this  a worthy addition to anyone's collection
B000000FG8|5.0|Truly ahead of their time Op Ivy takes you on a journey that few other punk bands can match.  Listen to any other band if you must, but when you throw in a copy of Energy nobody can do it better!!!  From Sound System to  Freeze Up they make the message clear...they were out to make a change for  the better.  But Operation Ivy never forgot what they did best and that was  to have fun!!
6300216268|5.0|I want to be Maude when I grow older.  The sense of life, both in essence and as part of a cycle, is nothing short of phenomenal in this film.  The first time I saw it my hysterical laughter was quickly changed to tears as  my heart was touched again and again.  Simply hearing the words  &quot;Harold and Maude&quot; makes me feel...everything.
0440219078|5.0|I'd heard this book was good but the plot sounded strange and confusing so I picked it up with caution. Within the first couple of pages however, I fell in love with this book! The characters are great, and the book really  makes you think. There are sad parts and the ending leaves the reader to  make up the end for themselves. If you haven't read it already, do so now!
6305177473|5.0|Fabulous movie. Lohan, Richardson, and Quaid were wonderful in this remake of the classic Disney movie. I would recommend it for any family movie night!
B00000F1D3|5.0|Believe is a powerful CD.  From the opening title track through track 10, a remix of &quot;We All Sleep Alone&quot;, this is Cher's most energetic compilation.  &quot;Believe&quot; is already topping the charts on dance  floors and I imagine other tracks from this CD will follow.  If you are  looking for love songs and ballads, you'll only find one on this CD.  If  you are looking for a great dance CD, try it!
B000005KCG|5.0|This album is wonderful.  Every song Celine sings is beautiful and when she sings duets, it even gets better.  I play this album over and over again, and it's just simply a beautiful album and would appeal to any age  group (especially 25+).
0679601929|5.0|If you've read Wuthering Heights, Jane Eyre, or any of the Victorian gothic novels and thought that the authors overdid it a bit, you'll love this.  Jane Austen makes fun of every popular gothic novel of the time.   The heroine not only had a pitifully inconsequential childhood, but  couldn't seem to find any dark secrets or mystical adventures.
B00000DHR0|4.0|After listening to this CD and hearing The Prayer with Andrea Bocelli, I had to hear more of his music.  I purchased Romanza...incredibly beautiful.   Didn't understand a word because it's all in Italian, but it didn't  matter.   Do yourself a favor and listen to more of Bocelli's music,  especially the CD Romanza.   You won't be disappointed.
6302798450|5.0|Good, bad, I'm the guy with the gun. Good, bad, Bruce Campbell is one horror hero that will scare up a laugh every time (Well, it's been over 50 for me). Hail to the king baby.
B000002GVZ|5.0|This was one of the best singer/songwriters in the 1970's and every track here proves it.  Whatever happened to Carly since then, I tried listening to her version of classic standards and film noir but it doesn't come close  to this kind of great music.  I realize people change as the years go by,  but instead of getting better Carly has gotten worse.  Anything she's done  this decade, in particular, is enough to make you snore.  Anyway, this is  Carly at her very best, when she was in a tie with Carole King for greatest  female vocalist/songwriter, etc.
B000005YZM|4.0|Like Love, The Zombies are an underappreciated sixties band that had a brief fling with fame. The Zombies' song &quot;Time of the Season&quot; still plays on many oldies stations, and rightfully so. The song is  indicative of the both hopeful and dark melodies and lyrics that abound in  the group's work. For further evidence check out the song &quot;Care of  Cell 44.&quot; This is their classic album; get it.
B000002O5L|5.0|I can't believe nobody bothered reviewing this yet! Anyway, Tom Petty has always been one of the greats, with or without his Heartbreakers. When this first came out, I had it on cassette and played it til it warped, finally  got it on cd and it is still one of my favorites.  Tom is long overdue for  another solo(despite Wildflowers,which is ok but not nearly as good as  this).
6305166021|5.0|Here is Lord of the Dance raised to the 110th Power. Not only do Michael Flatley and his troupe of 100 Irish dancers outdo themselves with precision and artistry, there is the music of Ronan Hardiman, the songs of Anne  Buckley and most memorably, the flute of Michael Flatley. And with his  solo, called Feet of Flames, he proves to all that he IS the greatest  dancer in the world. In his last performance as the Lord of the Dance, he  gives his heart to the audience and they give him theirs in return.  Breathtaking and full of joie de vivre, this is a not-to-be-missed video.
0788811355|5.0|All the actors in this epic war drama are at the top of their game! What makes the movie so powerful is that it actually gets you to sypathize with two adulters, while making you feel like you actually have one foot in  Europe and another in Africa. This one definitly needs to be seen more than  once to be fully appreciated.
6304458223|2.0|No argument here as to the fine movie that &quot;Fly Away Home&quot; is, but a HUGE disappointment in Columbia/TriStar's decision to release it in the full screen aspect ratio only. It kept me from buying the Laserdisc,  and will so keep me from buying the DVD. It's a pity that such a  beautifully cinematic movie is not offered in the original theatric ratio  for full viewing pleasure. Sour grapes? I don't think so. One of DVD's  intrinsic values is the ability to deliver movies in BOTH formats for  viewer choice. Columbia/TriStar apparently believes that it's their  decision to make, but my consumer vote says &quot;I don't think so!&quot;
B000006OBQ|5.0|I love this CD, and I'm so glad I bought it! I  would recommend it to any Basie and /or Sinatra fan. What a team they are, along with Quincy Jones, who puts it all together. You feel like you're actually there, at the  Sands, in 1966. It's amazing! Whether you saw Sinatra in concert, or not,  this is the CD to get. Everytime I hear it, I feel like I'm in a time  machine. And, it starts out with a BANG! It's one swingin' experience!
079073463X|5.0|Ladyhawke has been, for me, the ultimate love story since it was created nearly 14 years ago.  I was 13 years old when it first hit the theatres and it continues to be my &quot;hands-down, no competition&quot; favorite  movie.  Some people are trekkies, some loved M.A.S.H., I love Ladyhawke! I  purchased the soundtrack, bought the poster, wore out my first video  cassette of the film from viewing it so often.  But the culmination of my  obsession (!) happened when I made a &quot;pilgrimage&quot; to Aquila,  Italy and visited the cathedral and the castle. If you like Medieval  history and enjoy the legends and myths that illustrate that time so  magically, this movie is for you.  The special effects probably aren't as  special by today's standards, but it is part of the charm of the movie.   Broderick has adorable wit, Pfeiffer has incredible beauty, and the leather  clad Hauer on his stunning black horse is quite the &quot;captain of the  guard&quot;.
630505116X|3.0|BLOODY, GORY, AND EXTREMELY INTENSE, DEEP RISING REALLY DELIVERS THE ACTION!  THE SEA MONSTER IN THE FILM CONSUMES EVERYONE ON BOARD THE &quot;TITANIC-LIKE SHIP&quot; WITH ITS NUMBEROUS TENTICLE FEEDERS AND  LEAVES NO ONE ALIVE ONBOARD.  BUT AT THE END THE CREATURE GETS WHATS COMING  TO HIM.  IT'S A MUST SEE IF YOU LIKE GORY SCI-FI ACTION MOVIES!
B000002H33|5.0|This is the best Metallica Album better.  It has great songs, from Master of Puppets to Orion.  This is more of something great, only better.  If you like Metallica, but don't have this album.  You are really missing out.
6305169187|1.0|There have always been colossally inept big budget films - &quot;Ishtar&quot; and &quot;Waterworld&quot; being two of the worst - but few so potently offensive at this.  What is so appaling in this flick is  the arrogant contempt that the director Michael Bay and his corporate  backers have in the intelligence of the moviegoing public. The movie has  the aesthetics of a rowdy beer commercial during the Super Bowl. The  dialogue consists mainly of exclamations as if anything resembling a  conversation would put us to sleep.  No shot lasts more than 3 seconds so  that our exceedingly fragmented attention spans won't get overtaxed.  Aerosmith and other loud rock music blows us away anytime there might be  something resembling a lull in the scenario. The entire movie tells us over  and over that we're morons; that we can't follow a developed dramatic  structure, that we're impatient with dialogue which reveals more than a  series of commands or endorsements, and that we have to be jolted every 15  seconds to keep watching.  Sadly, the American public justified the  filmmakers' contempt of them- this was one of the highest grossing films of  the year and a solid sales leader in the video stores.
B0000025BL|1.0|This is, quite possibly, some of THE most dreadful &quot;music&quot; ever recorded.  Bombastic, ovverblown, and completetly horiffic, it is &quot;music&quot; like this that calls into question if the first amendment  should even exist.
B000002N25|5.0|This album, while not bad, offers little in terms of the uniqueness we know as Knopfler's.  A low key album with nice arrangements, it seems to have its place in the collection, but is not one you'll be playing for  years to come because nothing is particularly memorable, inspiring or  unique.  It's all been done a thousand times before.  Mark can has more to  offer than this.
B000002OMN|1.0|Horrible.  This word does not even begin to describe this sludge.  Stienman has to be the worst producer ever, and shokcingly bad songs like &quot;Rock and Roll Dreams&quot; indicate that the title of worst writer  just may be his too.  The succes of this sequel recall the old saying  &quot;fool me once same on you, fool me twcie same on you.&quot;Avoid at  any and all costs.
0790731479|5.0|A great film. One of the rare films that I can watch over and over.  I pick up new things with every viewing.
B00000FCBC|5.0|The Metallica cover songs here show that they have grown as a band and continue to grow musically.  &quot;Load&quot; and &quot;Reload&quot; rocked and so does &quot;Garage Inc.&quot;  &quot;Sabbra Cadabra&quot;, &quot;Its  Electric&quot; rock and this is truly the years best album.
6304383827|5.0|My three-year old daugheter loves this film!!! The dialog is great and the costumes authentic.  A very happy film.  I can't wait to read the novel.  A film that even a Christian can watch.
B000001FRY|5.0|Bought the &quot;Boy&quot; LP the day it came out and  the CD when time came.  One of the most memorable album debuts of all time.  Famous last words (now eaten) by friends... &quot;you really like that group (U2), they  sound like one hit wonders...&quot;   Get this CD for the sheer raw soaring  energy of it all.  Forget about &quot;smells like teen spirit&quot;, get  what musically &quot;is&quot; teen spirit.  Listen to it LOUD.  You get  wrung out.
0448060191|4.0|I am nine years old and read Little Women recently. This book is very poetic.  I like the way the four girls are each interested in different things; for example Meg is very motherly, Jo is a tomboy and loves to write  and do plays, Beth is shy and thoughtful and Amy is good at art and is very  concieted.  Some parts did go a little slow.  It's very realistic because  the girls do have some fights and act very much like sisters.  Their father  is at war and they are not very wealthy, but throughout the book they learn  that they love eachother and have good times without money. They realize  that  without a lot of money they are really very lucky and also realize  that there are others with money that don't have as much family love as  they do.  I think you will really enjoy this book.
6304504039|4.0|This movie was a very good movie, and I would have given it 5 stars, except for the one flaw.  The length.  Although I did like it, it was a bit unrealistic how she was dying forever.  It seemed to take half of the movie  for her death scene.
B00000DFTH|5.0|I just have to say first of all that this is an awesome album.  And as for all you people that say things like,&quot; they don't have it anymore, Ozzy's voice is shot&quot;, bla bla bla, you shouldn't even be listening to  Black Sabbath in the first place.  Black Sabbath will never die, and can  never die, because it's impossible for a legend to die.  Black Sabbath's  music will live forever as long as there's life anywhere in the Universe,  that's all I have to say!
6305166021|5.0|Cutting edge.  Energy squared. Lawrence Welk cubed
0800116917|5.0|This remains the only film I have ever seen that truly captures the incredible desert beauty of the Middle East while telling a story of duplicity and cynicism that laid the foundation for the turmoil and hatred  that still burdens that region. Peter O'Toole's protrayal of T.E. Lawrence  is the best work he has ever done.  The film is quite simply a classic.
6305169187|5.0|This movie was so great that I had to see it twice in the theater, and I've owned it for only a week, and I've seen it 5 times.  I'm so afraid that my video will get fuzzy.  The action was unbelievable, and the plot  was excellent.  Some people say that it was dumb because it had too many  things break down, but I beg your pardon, that's the reality of life.  This  movie was the best I've seen in along time.  I want to commend the whole  cast.  This was a brilliant piece of work.
1563523302|4.0|This book covers every aspect of a millionaries life stlye, from the basics of not buying a house you can't afford to what kind of cars most milioners drive.  Excelent book for people that drive $40,000 autos and  live in $350,00 homes and make $100,000+ a year but have little or no  investments and knowledge of money management.
0374172897|5.0|I'm sure this book has flaws, but I didn't find them.  Beautiful, interesting, insightful . . . but above all, clever.  You will put in on the sparsely populated shelf of books you want to re-read.  The lives of  three women (one of whom is a fictionalized Virginia Woolf) are explored  through a one-day window, like Woolf's Mrs. Dalloway.  <br />Cunningham's  writing is enviable in its ability to paint the picture.  For example,  &quot;Walter has a talent, remarkable in its way, for looking utterly  attentive and entirely blank, like a lizard that has crawled onto a sunny  rock.&quot; Instantly we can visualize Walter and empathize with the  character who is lunhcing with him.<br />While a familiarity with Mrs.  Dalloway would surely enhance your reading of The Hours, it's not a  pre-requisite.  You may find yourself looking it up later, however.<br />The  book is brilliant and a wonderful study in character.  The less you know  about how to think about it, the more you will enjoy it.  So don't wait for  all the reviews to be written before diving in; find some time to curl up  with The Hours.
0027164403|5.0|Our daughter enjoyed this book at 6 months when probably all she got out of it was seeing the animals revealed by the flaps.  Two years later, it's still a favorite, teaching her adjectives (&quot;What grumpy mean?&quot;)  and building anticipation on each page.  It's also a good length for short  attention spans.
0783229526|5.0|What a perfect equation.  Add the off-the-wall prose of Hunter S. Thompson with the visionary direction of the legendary Terry Gilliam, and you have a movie that cannot, and does not, fail to entertain and amaze.  While  reading the book, and having some first-hand experience with the subject  matter, definitely aids in the experience, the film stands pretty well on  its own.  While a bit of a shift from Gilliam's other fantasy-world movies,  it still carries that frenetic frantic energy that makes Gilliam's other  films so enthralling.  Definitely a prefect mix of drug-culture insanity  and practically flawless film-making.  Further proof of Gilliam's genius,  IMHO.
B00000DHR0|5.0|I can't add much to the other reviews except to say that this is the perfect, all around Christmas album - with religious, traditional and contemporary songs, all done beautifully by an extremely gifted singer.   All the best by the best.  What more could we want in our stocking?
067101756X|1.0|If you believe in Government cover-ups of just about anything, then you'll believe in the veracity of the situations the author writes about.  Aside of several glaring, though minor, technical errors, the writing is dull and  overdetailed in some chapters and, occasionally, interesting in others.  I  did not believe in aliens being recovered at the Roswell crash in 1947, and  the author has failed to convince me.  Having knowledge of the  development of Kevlar (TM), I simply cannot agree that Col (or is it Lt  Col, the book jumps back and forth), recovered prototypical specimens from  his &quot;nut file&quot;.  I could have spent my money in a better  fashion.
0783229526|4.0|Did the Amazon.com reviewer watch the same movie I did? I have to say that Mr. Shannon is completely wrong in his assessment of this film. This is as close an adaptation of the book that you could get and it's pretty darn  near perfect. Johnny Depp  is thoroughly convincing as Raoul Duke and  Benicio Del Toro is just plain gonzo as the all-consuming lawyer sidekick.  Their desert hijinks served as nothing more than brain candy and a cult  rite of passage for college kids everywhere. Gilliam does an admirable job  at interpreting and visually representing what can only exist in the  imagination of the warped and depraved. For that he should be praised. <br />  A definite must see for all Gilliam, Depp and HST fans out there. Don't let  Amazon.com dissuade from a truly uniqie cinematic experience.
0897500482|5.0|This book is very informative in the art of Jeet Kune Do.  This should be required to read for any Bruce Lee fan.  It shows different techniques and quotes from Bruce.  I love this book!!!
0783229526|5.0|An absolutely suberb rendidtion by a skilled director of difficult subject matter. Whilst the plot tends to slew a little out of control, so do the characters and the film becomes a series of wonderfully choreographed,  titillating and vibrantly colourful set peices.Certain moments drag, but  these are more than made up for by gilliams rampant style and his never  ending desire to captivate and entrance by showing seemingly all on film  whilst at the same time indulging in heavy symbolism and paradox.
B00000AFDW|2.0|I have been a fan since 1976, so I feel qualified to say this is less than what they could've done. The Ace tune rocks, the Peter tune s***s (his voice is just embarrassing), we have the by-the-numbers Paul anthem, and  Gene does the brooding thing---gee all we need now is an ode to someone's  sexual prowess and it's 1985 all over again.  We are smarter than this.   The old Kiss albums had fire and blood in the grooves, and they had  deceptively complex songs that sounded universal and simple (if you play,  try the time signature of &quot;Detroit Rock City&quot;, or play along with  Gene's bass on the early records) with lyrics that could be taken several  different ways.  I appreciated the way they turned up the guitar on this  one, but I have serious doubts about who played on this---it's not exactly  like we haven't been down that road before (Rick Derringer on  &quot;Destroyer&quot;, studio bassist on &quot;I Was Made for Loving  You&quot;, Bob Kulick in many instances, etc.)  I was expecting more, as  the last two albums &quot;Revenge&quot; and &quot;Carnival of Souls&quot;  were a return to form.  &quot;Revenge&quot; sounded the most like my  favorite album &quot;Rock and Roll Over&quot; of any of their post-Ace  releases, and &quot;Carnival..&quot; was just given no respect considering  the quality.  I hated it when Ace left (not so much Peter, as we got a much  better drummer in the late lamented Eric Carr) and then finally Bruce  Kulick started playing great and he's gone....I am really happy Ace is  back, he's the best.  Peter should have stayed home, he has lost his voice  and he never was much of a drummer.  Gene and Paul need to remember the  formula that worked on the revitalization of &quot;Revenge&quot;---loud  songs, a little bit of raunch, good playing, attitude, believability, and  minimum B.S.  We like things simple, not stupid.  It's got a lot of  potential and I refuse to write them off, because when you think that  you'll miss the next &quot;Creatures of the Night&quot; a  perfect  expression of everything Kiss can do, or the comeback punch of  &quot;Revenge&quot; coming after the lamest Kiss album &quot;Hot in the  Shade&quot;.  This one is the second lamest.  After two months, it's  gathering dust in the rack (and on the charts and radio).  Maybe the next  one they will quit being so over-the-top and get back to the basics of good  loud rock-n-roll.  I'll still be here waiting.
0783114222|5.0|There are certain events in history that change a society's collective conciousness for all eternity.  An event that not only stirs emotions but also brands a generation.  Like a child eventually breaking from the grip  of a protective mother we, as a species, took one more step away from our  protector's grasp.  Tom Hank's not only puts a personality to the men who  risked their lives to step foot upon our lunar neighbor, but puts a face to  the thousands of humans who gave their all to make sure those brave men  made their fateful steps safely.  While this a tale of fantastic feats, it  is truly the tale of everyman.  Bravo, Mr. Hanks!  Bravo, for your  fortitude and creativity!
B00000DGUG|1.0|come on, it is plain arrogant to put out noise like this and expect the public to buy it.  I'm all for progression as an artist, but she's mixed up pretentious with progressive.  The last release was believable as an &quot;angry young woman&quot; shed  her bubblegum past and howled...but now she's an Indian music expert after  two weeks there?  A little influence is good, not wholesale changes. I  didn't want &quot;Jagged part 2&quot; but I expect a artist believes enough  in what they produce to stay in the same ballpark at least.  Hope you can  sell it at the used CD store, mine had 5 already and wouldn't buy  anymore....
B00000G3CK|5.0|Pi defies the imagination. &quot;Eye candy&quot; doesn't even begin to describe the visual masterpiece that this film is. It was out of control from start to finish. A movie that simply must be seen by every science  fiction lover.
0812034430|4.0|Though somewhat bleak this is an honest and engrossing read. The motivations of people who have seen life cheapened by the &quot;war to end all wars&quot; are of page turning fascination and the honest deceit that  they possess still rings true today more than 70 years later. Hemingways  frank handling of emasculation, both literal and figurtive, is of poignant  honesty. A good book!
B000005KB9|5.0|This album is definitely one of the most listened to in my collection, I listen to it just about every dang nare day. Favorite tracks you ask? Yep..all of em!  ( Well, O.K., My Poor Brain is my Fave...:) Looking  forward to something with that acoustic version of Everlong heared only on  Howard  Stern....I WANT EVERLONG ACOUSTIC!  Until then, this album is going  to be in my CD player.
6303614493|5.0|This wonderful example of a children's movie done right succeeds on an overwhelming number of levels. Not only is this film an enormously entertaining comedy with slightly off-the-wall characters and a bit of  slapstick thrown in for good measure, but also it manages to bring up many  deep and even frighteningly serious and heartbreaking philosophical ideas  that make this movie worth watching for audiences of all ages. Gloriously  presented in a high-tech stytle that is, fortunately, possible in today's  cinema, Casper is an all-around masterpiece and, possibly, the best kids'  movie of the decade.
6303965415|5.0|The words are beautiful, the characters all memorable!  Seems slow at first, but after seeing it 10 times already, it gets better every time.
0783229526|5.0|Although it seemed every critic was quick to give this film nothing short of a &quot;D&quot; or one star, if you are a Gilliam fan trust your instincts and rent this picture.  You will not, repeat WILL NOT, be  disappointed.  Gilliam holds true to his expressionistic form and Depp does  an excellent job of character acting.  Don't do what I did and let the  critics keep me from seeing this as soon as I should have.  Rent this one  and I'll see YOU on the other side.
B00000DGUG|4.0|This is a good CD. It's not quite as harsh as her last one. This CD is a little more peaceful, and feels as though Alanis has 'grown up' a little. My favorite songs are: Thank U, and Front Row. All the songs are about love  and relationships. I think everyone should listen and consider this CD,  it's a good one.....
6304711891|5.0|I don't think this movie can get any better. To start with Sean Connery is in it and does an absolutely spectacular performance as the once imate of Alcatraz Island who escaped this unescapable prison. Its also a Don Simpon  and Jerry Bruckheimer film(Crimson Tide,Bad Boys,Top gun, all of which are  great movies)! Its directed by Michael Bay(Bad Boys) and to me is one of  the best action directors ever.  Nicolas Cage and Ed Harris both do a great  job in the movie. Finally the music in the movie is great,it really gets  you pumped up during the breath-taking action sequences. Just Great and on  DVD its twice as good!!!!!!!!!!!! SEE THIS MOVIE!!!!!!!
B00000AFWW|4.0|I really like this CD. I've never heard any of Hole's other CD's, but this one is definately a good one. My favorite songs are: Celebrity Skin, Hit So Hard, and Malibu. So what if it's not hard rock/grunge?!? It's still worth  giving it a try...
0792153189|4.0|A compelling look, to say the least, of how individuals face a global crisis.  Obviously more depth than the similarly premised &quot;Armaggedon&quot;, with much more intelligence.  Still, it falls  victim to typical Hollywood emotionalism and melodrama, and you just can't  help but crack a smile at the &quot;Ark&quot; mineshafts --- &quot;Mr.  President, we must not allow a mineshaft gap!!!&quot;  (What Kubrickian  film was that from??!)
6304147589|5.0|Despite the bad reviews (many of them came before the orginal film was even released) and despite a despotic director (Michael Cimino single-handedly brought down United Artists), Heaven's Gate in the orginal  3 hour 40 minute wide screen is perhaps the best american western ever  made, and ranks in the top ten of american films. Seen in its enitirety,  again despite the reviews, there is a magnificent story told here: of  Cattle Barrons, Immigrants, of Lawmen and Outlaws, and although the story's  characters (for the most part) are heavily fictionalized, the core story is  absolutely true, based on a book, banned in Wyoming for many years entited  &quot;The Banditi of the Plains&quot;. Of note is the incredible  cinematography, superb acting-especially William Hurt and Christopher  Walken, spectacular art direction and a set that is immense. <br />Heaven's  Gate never got the chance to be seen in theaters the way the Cimino had  envisioned it, but in widescreen video it comes close. Pay particular  attention to the internal rythms that Cimino and his editor have built into  this film!<br />Give it chance-it pales anything that Leone, Ford, Hawks and  Hathaway have made-but it is different, more of a foreign film than  american in style and structure. ENJOY!
0553212478|5.0|beautiful book. mary shelly really had the writers blood in her! she opens up days of discussions with this novel. aspects such as the power of science and morality, that are still looked at today.
6304196431|5.0|The smash hit Goldeneye is perhaps the best Bond movie ever!  Pierce Brosnan's spectacular acting is a far cry from Timothy Dalton.  Although sometimes very sexually suggestive, they keep the sex to a minimum, and  succeded wonderfully.  Sean Bean's performance is simply awe-striking,  turning a boring routine world domination role into a very  captivating and  hate-to-say-goodbye kind of character.  Five stars and a little bit more!
0767811038|4.0|Much of the criticism on this site is valid.  The acting is cheesy, there isn't a moral lesson, and it is macho.  But it's supposed to be, it's a dark comedy, after all.  People who are attacking the film from this angle  are taking themselves a little too seriously.  If you think you'd like  Orwell, Star Trek, and Airplane! you're perfect for ST.  It's hillarious,  exciting, and even a little terrifying at times.
B00000DFRS|4.0|Overall, My Love Is Your Love is fantastic!  It definitely proves that Whitney is a Diva of diversity!  She can sing anything.   My picks are Oh Yes (quite sexy) and Until You Come Back (takes me back to her debut).  She  is still in a class by herself and shining star in the eyes of millions.  Unfortunately, too much effort was channeled to crossing over! As for her  overrated duet with Mariah it needs some help.  Mariah's voice clearly  cracks too much.  Whitney could of done the entire project by herself!  So,  for those of you dissapointed that she's not crooning cheer up!  Change is  good.  It will grow on you and that's good music!   Remember the music  industry is now dominated by hip-hop and r&amp;b, not ballads. Soon she  will have to Bow Out gracefully!
0399226907|5.0|As a speech therapist working with young children, I have used this book to help develop pre-literacy skills.  The predictable words, rhymes and rhythm are fun as well as educational.
B000001ELL|2.0|they wrote the disco piffle that is &quot;I Was Made For Lovin' You?&quot; Talk about fickle, these guys would write ballet music if it was a money-grabber. The music on Dynasty is just faceless, powerless, and  clueless. I did enjoy this album about 5 years ago when I bought it, but  that was only because I was musically naive. Now older and wiser  (hopefully), I realize the tomfoolery that is KISS. Sure, some of their  music is worthy, but the overall impression of the first line-up's music is  that it lacks in the quality department. Dynasty is the veritable straw  that broke the camel's back- it is a culmination of musical failures, and  no one band member is at fault. Internal strife within the ranks apparently  lead to some sub-standard efforts. What really makes me angry is the fact  that KISS supposedly go all out for their fans by remastering the catalog,  but only a paucity of those darn discs have lyrics or other assorted  goodies one would expect to find in a remaster. For a lesson in how to  remaster a catalog properly, see ALL of The Who's output. Things do turn  around musically (in my opinion) for the follow-up, Unmasked. -David Newman  1998
B00000AFDW|5.0|The original Kiss is by far the best Kiss.  The classic Kiss style with modern cuts.  This release brings out the best of what Kiss used to do in the 70's.
0783204914|5.0|The acting on display in this film is top-notch, and it tells a wonderful story of struggle and triumph.  Right from the begginning, you feel like you know who the characters are, and you can't help but care about how  everything turns out for them.  O'Donnel's character grew up without a  role-model and Pacino's needed to know he could still be one.  The  &quot;courtroom&quot; scene at the end is one of the greatest singular  speeches in movie history and worth the price of admission alone.  If you  don't enjoy this kind of drama and great theater, go see a documentary,  this one is for true movie fans only!
6302293553|5.0|These guys are so good at laughing at themselves, it shows that the English are still the best at all different types of humour. The Python crew will live forever, just like The Goons before them. Long live British  humour.
6304244304|4.0|While everyone goes on and on about Brando's overwrought performance they overlooked the rest of the cast. There's Val Kilmer, a good actor who is in a bad movie and seems to be loving every minute of it. Then there is the  British actor David Thewlis, good actor who is in a bad movie and seems to  want to duck behind a tree every time the camera is on him. This film is so  overblown that it has earned a place as modern cult classic, and it  deserves it. View with an open mind.
0790729628|2.0|In comparison with the original theatrical release, this version of Blade Runner suffers considerably. While the removal of the voice over from Harrison Ford no doubt pleased Ridley Scott and the film critics, it lost a  considerable amount of clarity. Attempts to make the film more artistically  and aesthetically pleasing by the exclusion of the &quot;Sam Spade&quot;  narrative results in the viewer wondering what is going on in a number  scenes. Give me the original film any day.
6305169187|5.0|BRUSE AND HIS CREW IS A FIVE STAR CAST AND THE BEST MOVIE OF 1990'S IV SEEN.                              TEDDY
6301016289|5.0|I suggest the Movie Wallstreet to everyone who is interested in secrurities-trading. I watched it about 55 times in the past 2years!<br />If you also like the movie, especially Gordon Gekko, you have to sent me an e-mail. I hope to hear from you soon!
B00000G3PA|2.0|I found myself saying that very thing through several portions of the movie, most notably the end, which is a stream of dark images which give the impression of movement without clearing signifying anything. Can anyone  say &quot;sound and fury?&quot;<br />It is loud, obnoxious, full of new and  old Aerosmith tunes (and I'm sure this had nothing whatsoever to do with  Liv being in the film; wink wink), and overlong. The score is truly  horrible. One of the worst I've ever heard: period. I found myself groaning  every time a cue rang up.<br />With the exception of the faces on the video  box, all of the characters are cardboard cutouts. I really didn't care  whether any of them lived or died. In fact, I came away with the feeling  that if this movie was to represent the state of the world as we know it,  let the asteroid come on in. It can only help.<br />Why am I giving it two  stars? Because the scenes of the asteroids striking Earth are phenomenal.  Great graphics. It's the rest of the movie that's lacking, not only the  dialogue scenes back on Earth which you would think would be intended to  forward the plot and develop characters, but most especially once they  arrive at the asteroid, where I truly could not tell what was going on:  literally. I am not imagining things. Whenever there was an action sequence  on or near the asteroid, I could not discern what was happening on screen,  and everyone I saw the film with had the same problem. It would appear as  if a character had died, but suddenly he would be walking around. That ship  that looked like it just blew up? Apparently it's salvageable, and should  be up and running within ten... fifteen minutes, tops.<br />This is the  problem with the film. It's great if you want something loud and obnoxious  with the occasional great explosion sequence; but I recommend it only for  dullards who don't like any thought processes to be involved with their  moviegoing.<br />On the other hand, while the DVD will not be 16x9 enhanced  (this IS Disney), it should still be a great demo disc for your system.
6300273199|5.0|THIS VIDEO WILL LET YOU KNOW THE TRUE AC/DC. THE YEARS WITH BON SCOTT.  ONE THE THE WORLDS BEST FRONT-MEN OF ROCK AND ROLL..<br />REVIEWED BY ACE HANLEY
0451169514|5.0|Well, just dont know what to say. Ive read it about a year ago, but it still makes me affraid of clowns... The best in the book is the way SK can make the story vivid, as if it were alive, happening now with thee and thy  friends. WOOOOOOWWWWWWW!!!!!
6303477259|5.0|Only Pink Floyd could put on such a show.  Great music, incredible visual effects.  The only thing better than this was the concert itself. If you missed the Pulse tour, see this video!
B000002QWD|5.0|Nobody sings like Bing, and nobody ever put together a better Christmas album than this one.  His standards like &quot;It's Beginning to Look A Lot Like Christmas&quot; and &quot;White Christmas&quot; are here but the true  standouts are his versions of &quot;Christmas In Killarney&quot; and  &quot;Mele Kalikimaka.&quot;
6304078102|1.0|While it portends to be an uplifting tale of a person drawn to teaching despite other aspirations, this movie glosses over the destruction of musical education in many parts of America by tacking on a Mickey Mouse  ending where the audience is meant to cheer when it should be outraged. Mr.  Holland's fate, in the end, is to be cast aside and denied the further  pursuit of his life's work- teaching music to children and young adults in  the public education system of America.<br />In the end the students at  Holland's school are deprived of music in their curriculum. A tragedy that  is glossed over by the trivial festivities required by a Hollywood obsessed  with the &quot;bittersweet&quot; ending.<br />This movie infuriates me, and I  do not recommend it to anyone of good conscience and good taste.
6304795254|5.0|This movie will take you on a mental and emotional rollercoaster ride from start to finish. Michael Douglas really shines in this role. And, in the end, you will probably be reminded of a few people you know who could  &quot;benefit&quot; from watching this movie - the ultimate point of the  movie is not at all subtle!
6304535570|5.0|While the science is shaky, the movie is rock solid.  Kilmer and Shue give fabulous performances.  Kilmer's portrayal of the legendary Saint is beautifully close to the books.  His talent for disguise and accent is a  major benefit for the character, and makes the cat burglar extrodanair even  more believable. Shue's earnestness and ability to express herself with her  eyes are key to her character's success.  A fantastically entertaining  movie.
B000002BWL|5.0|Joe is by far the most inovative player and this recording has paved the way for others.  When you get this recording, you will run back to the store for the others. Surfing is just the tip of the iceberg.
630512065X|4.0|Great filming of the musical, but it lacks the magic of actually watching it being performed on stage.
B000005H4K|5.0|This recording is incredible; typically beautiful Ellington compositions (with some pretty dang good piano work by the master himself), nicely understated drums by Max, and a fine foundation from Mingus with the  requisite wild Mingus-ness.  But really, what else would you expect from a  trio consisting of the greatest drummer, greatest bassist, and greatest  composer in jazz history?
0812550706|5.0|This isn't a book about science fiction or alien's massive destruction. So those of you looking for bloody action in the future, you may go somewhere else. This is a book about feelings, and every piece of it brings a lesson,  a thought, an inspiration that will change your life. READ IT.
0790729385|5.0|This is THE ultimate horror movie. However, it goes beyond the typical blood and guts...it instills an instinctual fear toward the unknown - DEMONIC POSESSION! This movie depicts what is not only assumed to be real -  it was based on a true story, not a directors imagination. If you keep that  in mind while you watch this movie - i guarantee you will feel fear like  none you've felt before - it is THAT frightening! This is the only movie  that scares me more as an adult than it did when i was a child - because it  takes advantage of what you know...and what you DON'T know about the  underworld. ...So sit back, open your mind, and prepare to run to church -  it's THE EXORCIST!
B000002J0B|4.0|Excellent effort by a great band.  This album rocks hard.  Not bad for considering it was number one in the country when I was born.
0790733226|5.0|This is the best DVD I've seen so far! A great movie that is even greater on DVD, the video quality is superb, the Dolby Digital 5.1 Audio is what you want to show to your friends!<br />This great DVD is full with  extras!<br />I've seen this DVD more than 10 times and haven't said the last  word....<br />Go and get it ASAP
6300216403|5.0|How many movies can you say that about?  I've seen  it about 3 million times and never get tired of it. Tatum and Ryan O'Neil work so well together.  The  father and daughter thing works out perfectly. They are  such a good team.  This movie is thoroughly enjoyable.  Tatum definitely  deserved that Oscar. I haven't seen her in anything else.  Where'd she  go?   She's great!  This little comedy is a delight for the whole family.
B000002I2G|5.0|This is my favorite Doors CD.  Some say that this is when the Doors were loosing interest or focus. No way this CD jams; lite up a joint and enjoy.
B000002MTU|4.0|If you are looking for a modern recording of old blues standards, look no further. Eric Clapton covers sixteen old time blues numbers and adds a special flair that is pure magic.  Many of the solos are just stunning most  notably Five Long Years, Groaning, and Sometimes After A While.  If half  stars were allowed, I would rate this four and a half.  Not quite a five  because....after a while the blues can be a bit redundant.  However, this  is a fine sampling of many variations of the blues style which is suitable  for most people's record collections.
0783229100|5.0|One of the best movie ever made.  Never stops surprising the audience.  Robert Redford and Paul Newman was as good looking as ever.
B000007R1A|3.0|A quiet tone exists on this recording.  Let It Grow is the standout song on this recording and a few others have ear catching moments as well.  However, the lack of enough rock n roll tunes here make this an average  recording when compared to Eric's work as a whole.
630516603X|5.0|Watching Feet of Flames and seeing Michael Flatley proform his magic was absoulutly breathtaking.  It was bigger and better than ever.  It was a wonderful way for him to go out with a bang as he is retiring.  I loved it  and I recommend it to everyone from those who are just learning about the  Lord of the Dance and Michael Flatley, to the avid fan.  It made me tap my  feet more than once.
0679457313|5.0|For her beautiful, breathtakingly imaginative use of language alone, Ms. Roy's novel is worth reading (and re-reading!) and savoring. Her poetic description of the outer world--the lush south Indian landscape--contrasts  poignantly with the profound inner pain experienced by the main characters.  Some have complained that the repetitions of phrases and longer passages as  the story unfolds is a weakness of the book. On the contrary, this device  perfectly captures the psychological repercussions of the central tragic  events of the story: as Roy reminds us, everything in a family's life can  be turned upside down by the events of just a single day. The entire novel  builds inexorably to the explicit retelling of this central tragedy. Along  the way, the reader experiences the fragmentary memories and foreshadowings  triggered by these events.      Among the many pleasures of this novel is  Roy's delicate use of humor, mixed as it often is with an undertone of  sadness. In this regard, the scene at the airport (where Rahel and Estha's  family meet Sophie Mol and her mother) is masterful. I could just as easily  single out many other passages. The hypnotic spell of this novel lingers on  after the last page and changes the reader. Don't miss it!
B000002NBY|5.0|Paul Simon delivers a miracle!  The Graceland CD is a joy to listen to in the car on the way to work or before going to bed.  It is one of my favorites.  The music and lyrics touch the soul in all of us.  Sit back and  enjoy!
0792151712|4.0|I enjoyed this movie very much. Sure,it's not very realistic, but WHO CARES??? i have too much realism in my life.  Although that romance wouldn't have happened in real life, it's still fun to watch. It does give  a very realistic view of the social classes of that time.  The dialouge was  a little clunky at times, and they could've cut a little out of it (how  many times did they run through that ship???), but overall I enjoyed it  very much. The sex and laungauge were kept to a bare minimum, which is  unusual in this day and age
B000005C1B|5.0|What could be better than Roy Orbison and those who have worshipped and emulated him over the years?  The mingling of voices and instruments brings such joy to the listener that you want to play it over and over.<br />For  Orbison fans, it is one of the best CD's to get.
B000002VC5|5.0|In a Machine Language, In a neural pulse code, We are robots going humans, or humans going robots. Mr. Woolfson &amp; Mr. Parsons could have used Kraftwerk sounded bytes to make the perfect sountrack to read the famous  Asimov Novel, but they were a little wiser, and used Andrew Powell's  brilliant orchestral arrangments and a twist of funky sounds. &quot;I  Wouldn't Want To Be Like You&quot; is Great, &quot;The Voice&quot; now is a  haunted memory for me. But the best track, the very fine one, is the Title  track. Perfectly prepared for the moment that we all will depend of the  Computer decisions, like: Do I fail, Do I Not? Goddamit! It Wasn't the Big  Brother, It Wasn't HAL, It IS the Year 2000! It Is The INTERNET.<br />So,  that's why you must buy &quot;I Robot&quot;, to get a little reason  word.<br />Mr. Parsons, you are Nostradamus!
6303187064|5.0|I recomend that everyone see's this movie although you will probly need to watch it twice to fully understand the power of it. This is Brandon Lee's best performence. Everyone should see this movie.....                                  mike
086140324X|5.0|&quot;The Colour of Magic&quot; is the first, and obviously the oldest, of the now infamous &quot;Discworld&quot; series. More than ten years since originally published, the book is still attracting new readers - me among  them - who have gone on to purchase each and every one of the series. High  praise indeed? Read on...<br />The general plot of Pratchett's novel is a romp  around a fantasy world. A place where the world is flat, and people who  tried to show it was round were proven wrong years ago. It's carried  through the cosmos on the back of four giant elephants, the magnitude of  whom is so great that simply trying to imagine it makes your head spin.  Even more mind-boggling, these elephants stand atop Great A'Tuin, the star  turtle, who moves with extreme deliberance over tens of thousands of years,  and has thoughts so vast that time itself pales into insignificance.<br />Our  heroes? Well there's Rincewind, the dropout wizard who failed Unseen  University, the Wizard's universal school in all dimensions including ours,  and TwoFlower, the tourist with the living luggage (and what stroppy  luggage it is too). Happening upon each other in a pub, Rincewind finds the  odd fellow strangely endearing; mainly because he is paying for a pint of  ale with three times the value of the pub in solid gold. Their quest leads  to run-ins with goblins, the local malitia, an entire array of very scary  trees, demons with a penchant for the number eight, the local barbarian  (who is usually for hire) and a crackpot set of scientists determined to  travel to the edge of the world, and beyond...<br />Pratchett's writing style  is both warm and intoxicating. He involves the reader from the very first  page with such wild fantasy that it simply must be true! His wacky,  irreverent humour is simply so fresh that I have not encountered such  entertaining and strongly visual prose since Douglas Adam's and his series  of books including &quot;The Hitch Hiker Guide to the Galaxy.&quot;<br />If  you're a little mad at heart, love a new perspective on things and want to  be thoroughly engaged in a genuinely fun read that you won't want to put  down till it's finished (and the fact that it isn't written in chapters  aids to this end) then this book is an absolute must. Thoroughly  recommended!
0767811038|5.0|Starship Troopers is a great &quot;comic book&quot; movie, both visually and in its simplicity of plot.  It was made to entertain, not be a documentary of how a battle should be won or a movie advocating a cause.   OF COARSE it is not to be taken seriously.  I can't believe some of the  previous reviewers' comments.  What were you expecting, &quot;Saving  Private Ryan.&quot;  Get a grip... idiots.
0684847248|5.0|The Road Less Traveled is an excellent book that teaches you how to look inside yourself and to find the answers to questions which have perplexed mankind since the beginning of time.<br />M. Scott Peck's writing is  refreshing, indepth and yet very easy to read.
0609603086|1.0|As a rule, I jump at the chance to read anything Ken Follett writes. This book is worthless. I wish Mr. Follett would return to his former self and write the blockbuster novels for which he is known!!!???
0786889284|2.0|Not enough character development, plot is replete with unanswered questions and coincidences.  If Boldt's wife is so sick, why is he out running away from responsibility?  Or is that what we do with all  mysteries?  Or with all life.
6305169187|5.0|Armageddon is the best new release that I've seen in ages.  It's definately the most well done action movie that I've seen a long time.  When I saw it I ran the full gambit of emotions.  The movie had me  laughing, somber, and crying.  Bruce Willis was suberb, simply the best  action performance that he's had since the Die Hard movies.  A must see for  everyone!!!
B000002JB8|1.0|THIS HAS GOT TO BE THE MOST BORING VANGELIS ALBUM OUT THERE. I REALLY LOVED HIS &quot;VOICES&quot; ALBUM, BUT THIS DID NOT COMPARE ONE BIT.
6305169187|1.0|What a cheesy movie!  And yet they kept putting more cheese in it.  You will not enjoy it if you know anything about physics.  This movie was made for the MTV teenagers.
0790729989|5.0|A dark thriller both figuratively and literally.  Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt are two detectives coming from different backgrounds who blend nicely in their effort to find a serial killer who bases his murders on the seven  deadly sins.  Don't think things fall into place neatly as 'John Doe'   promises his 'work' will be pondered and puzzled for years.  Hollywood  convention would have a happy, cuddly ending but writer Andrew Kevin Walker  and director, David Fincher stuck to their guns and showed that a smartly  done, yet shocking ending could perform at the boxoffice.
1558216340|5.0|I first read this book about 35 years ago, and read it about every 2 years. You come to know the characters and share their trials of a journey on foot to freedom. It is an enduring story of the triumph of human will  and spirit.
B00000AFWW|5.0|Far more complex than anything Hole has recorded prior, this new CD is powerful and enthralling. Every time I hear it, I find more in it worth paying attention to. You may not walk around singing the words, but who  cares if it continues to resonate inside your chest? This is a perfect  album.
006107327X|5.0|Any fan of the Animated series will love this lavish companion.  Sits perfectly on any coffee table and is well worth the price!
B000002J7U|5.0|THIS ALBUM COULD NOT GET ANY BETTER. REAL GOOD RHYTHMS THROUGHOUT. EXCELLENT ALBUM THAT BLOWS THE MIND AWAY, ESPECIALLY THE TITLE TRACK.
0684847817|5.0|I have only read 3 of the books Brian Froud has put out, but I can tell you that I plan on getting all the other books too, even though they are out of print.  this book especially is one that struck me, the content  involves good faeries as well as bad faeries as he title plainly states,  which is something I never really thought about:  bad faeries, I never  thought they could exist.  I just recently got into the faerie world and I  am rather new at this, but from Froud's books I am getting lots of  information, not just the everyday information, but useful imformation.   But I also noticed that in all thrre of the books I have read there is a  picture in there that has a striking resemblance to Froud himself.  You  might have to look closely, and then you might not, but either way it is  still there, if you haven't noticed them try looking, just flip through the  picture's I'm sure you'll see them too.  If you don't know what Froud looks  like check out the inside of the dust jacket for Good Faeries/ Bad Faeries.   trust me, if you look, you'll know what I am talking about.
0553573411|5.0|Although bittersweet at times, the author has done a fine job of letting us see the main character grow up.  The character development IS astonishing.  Very few books will move you like this one will.   However...read the first book, Asassin Aprentice.  You will not be  disapointed.
B000002ORU|4.0|Sadly, 30 Years Of Maximum R&amp;B is incomplete for several reasons.  For one, the inexplicability to include &quot;single&quot; versions of given songs (example:  &quot;Who Are You&quot;) instead of full-length; this goes  further with the then-unreleased  material, as most of that would be  re-released in the MCA Remasters series as full-length versions.  <br />Such  is the greatness of The Who that any retrospective that doesn't include the  key portions of Tommy and Quadrophenia alone is rendered incomplete.   <br />However, the main reasons that this box set is worth buying are simple.   For the completist, this contains the unadultered versions of songs that  were later remixed with different tracks -- in this case, &quot;Music Must  Change&quot;, &quot;Naked Eye&quot; and &quot;Eminence Front&quot; come  immediately to mind.  For those new to The Who, Maximum R&amp;B serves its  purpose as an introduction, even if MY idea as the introduction is to get  Tommy, Live At Leeds, Who's Next and Quadrophenia to start.
0688052304|5.0|I don't know if it was the timing of reading it, or the content of the book, but ZEN is a book that rang with me when I first read it over a decade ago, and still does every time I pick it up and read it to my AP  Calculus classes.  I had to read it 3 times.  The first time was for the  story of him and his son, the second as a philosophy primer and the third  as a metaphysics.  It was the first time that I ever read a book and really  believed that the author just wanted me to think about what he was writing  and not AGREE with what he was writing.  I was allowed to think for myself,  encouraged to think for myself as I read.  It is the single most important  book I have ever read in regards to my career as a teacher, and the  messages about how we think and the way we perceive and learn are, I feel,  so important that my classes need to see them and not just hear me talk  about it.  Its a tough read.....but so well worth it.
0553277472|5.0|This was a very excellent book.  Pirsig shed a lot of light on some the issues in life which I have been looking for, but have had trouble grasping.  It gave me a perspective of learing that I never knew existed,  and it tore down a few walls for me.  Quality book.
6303443192|5.0|Very excellent!  Brad Pitt was wonderful, Tom Cruise was dazzling.  They really brought out the characters of Louise and Lestat
B000002IJO|5.0|Ratt has a very eloquent way of putting sex and dance into all their lyrics.  Great 80's headbanger music, yet very possibly more popular with the female gender than with the wanna be guitar and bass players!
6304458894|4.0|This is a movie that doesn't appear to be very good when you first see it.  HOWEVER,  if you see it 2 or 3 times, it really grows on you.  Everyone I know (myself included) thought it was &quot;stupid&quot; after viewing it  the first time but found it funny and very campy while viewing it over  again.  Give it a try AGAIN.
6304765231|3.0|Why do people think of this as a goth movie?  It's a pretty good movie as far as quality and special effects but I wouldn't consider it a goth movie.
080013558X|4.0|Children's songs are terrific.  Albert Finney can't sing but ya gotta love him.  Anne Renking's dancing is fantastic. A great musical to share with a new generation which has only seen cartoon musicals.
B0000020C4|5.0|Let me first sum it up: If you are a fan (well, even if you aren't) you have to have this CD. It is vital. Philip Quast is fantastic. He is the best Javert ever. Lea Salonga is my favorite Eponine. Her voice is very  pure and clear, but it doesn't have the shrillness I sometimes felt Frances  Ruffelle's had. Ruthie Henshell (sp?) is very touching as Fantine. And OH,  Michael Maguire! I LOVE HIM! He is the definitive Enjolras, in my opinion.  If you can, try and find the video of this performance just so you can see  him (he is HANDSOME!). Michael Ball is also wonderful, especially in Empty  Chairs at Empty Tables. And of course, Colm surpasses anything I could say.  I will have to admit, though, I HATE the Thenardier's on this. Alun  Armstrong does not sound nearly nasty enough (and on the video, I got the  impression that he was acting like a cute litle circus clown) and Mdme was  just blah. But still, I definitely recommend this. Just make sure you have  another CD with better Thenardiers!
0783211856|5.0|This is an excellent movie.  You don't even notice it is in black and white after the first few minutes.  It should be required viewing for everyone.
6304118392|5.0|A true masterpiece. This film is truely one of the best if not the best movie I've ever seen. Offering a chilling perspective of the human animal in an inhuman society.
6304539282|5.0|Hey, folks, BUY THIS VIDEOS.  I strongly congratulate Lucas for this wonder.  I really love this movies and recommend them to everybody. All three are masterworks and, in my opinion, this saga is the best of all  time. Buy it and enjoy.
B00000DMJF|5.0|All four Beatles contribute songs to this doulble album. It is a treasure chest full of different styles of music, you have folk, rock, blues, and some experimental mixing. This is by far my favorite Beatles album, and now  that it has been digitally remastered with the original artwork and  words,no Beatles fan has an excuse not to purchase this landmark album!!
6305229449|5.0|True, in this beautiful Disney tale of a young chinese girl, Disney gave us a strong female heroine who did stand up and create an ancient &quot;women's lib&quot;. But beyond this, this movie is sheer eye candy.  With beautiful scenery and breath-taking computer animated scenes, this  movie is by far my favorite. Not to mention GREAT characters. Eddie Murphy  adds hilarity to the tiny dragon Mushu. I recommend this one highly!!!!
0399143904|3.0|This work is better than the Op-Center works, but still lacks the feel of a Clancy novel when the main character is Jack Ryan.
157492589X|5.0|When I viewed this movie on television (a process I loathe because of the endless commercial interruptions), I was so enthralled that even a break every 15 minutes did not interfere with my enjoyment.  Robert Duval and  Tommy Lee Jones are two of the best actors extant, and they give their  talents full rein (pun intended) in this beautifully filmed western.  Since  the release of Shane way way back when, I have ranked only two westerns  among the 50 best films of all time: Unforgiven and Lonesome Dove.  They  are equally lyrical and thought-provoking, yet action packed (as westerns  are supposed to be).  Definitely 5 stars!
B000000OQY|4.0|The album has two parts, the second being excellent
B000002U82|2.0|Something about this album made me want to like it, though the stringing together of all the songs was irritating, just like The Wall. A few things bothered me about it, and while I couldn't quite put them into words, it  eventually forced me to take it out of my CD collection. I later made the  mistake of buying a couple other PF CD's before realizing the problem: Pink  Floyd is an incredibly boring, overproduced, pretentious band. The material  is too sparse in quality in the first place, but it's made into overlong  songs played too slowly. I never felt the overuse of classical instruments  was justified in any of PF's songs, especially since the music is  uninspired and simplistic anyway. And while a few of the songs off this  album &quot;spoke&quot; to me (like Us and Them and Brain Damage), most of  them are like Money, making a pretence at profundity and impressing those  who think singing about an Issue means that band really has Something to  Say and can do it well.<br /><br /><br />If you have great patience, or you've  bought into the PF hype, you might enjoy this album.
B00000G28U|1.0|After listening to DIE DIE MY DARLING for a couple of times, I made up my mind that this album is another pathetic attempt to make some more money. If you are a metal fan, go and buy the originals!
6305169187|4.0|Armaegeddon was a great movie.  I saw it twice and each time it was just as good.  It'll make you cry and laugh as well.  The two lead male actors are outstanding with a fairly good role as the lead female played be Liv  Tyler.  There was a lot of good action sequences that kept you on the edge  of your seat. The acting between Tyler and Willis and Tyler and Affleck was  great.  Overall, it was a great movie and I suggest it to everyone!
B000002H6C|5.0|Metallica's best effort to date, ...And Justice for All, shows the universal character of the phenomenon called METALLICA. All songs are great, with To Live Is To Die and One being metal anthems.  There's a lot  of soul and feeling mixed with aggressivness and heavy riffs.  A MUST!
6304539282|5.0|Well, I want to say that this is the only saga that always added something more to the new episodes. The promises for the future releases are great so I expect to see something even more amazing, but in the meantime, buy this  special edition. It's really a great improvement, especially if you have a  good Home Theatre system...and may the force be with you..always
B000002H97|5.0|EXCELLENT, NEAR PERFECTION, A MUST!!!<br />(for people who think it's too mainstream/glamorous, I'd like to quote Black Sabbath's guitarist T. IOMMI, who said that he likes the riffs and the album very much)
B00000AFGM|4.0|When I first purchased this CD, I was a little wary of the picture on the cover!  A strange man with makeup and breasts is not something you want little kids staring at, but once you get past that you lose yourself in the  music!  Marilyn Manson would certainly like to think of themselves as of  having grown musically, but in my opinion, they've just changed.  What you  get is a less offensive CD with less of an edge than its predecessor  Antichrist Superstar.
B000002L7Y|5.0|Some of the most gorgeous melodies ever committed to tape, with poetic, reflective,  soul-wrenching lyrics filling out large large LARGE spatial masterpieces by true pop pioneers.  There are two tragic types of people  that exist in the a-ha schematic: (1) those who hated Take On Me and  refused to recognize songwriting genius when synthesized and (2) those who  wrote them off as one-hit wonders.  Too bad for those people.  They let  some of the most beautiful songs soar right past them, a sacriligious  artistic denial akin to the response given to their contemporaries,  underground suburban Zen clubbing-capitalists the Pet Shop Boys.  Perhaps  the time will come for an a-ha remix album for the new millennium, finally  giving the band the credit it so justly deserves. When the pop world  finally awakens from its suicidal slumber of Kevorkian grunge, and starts  wondering what happened--as it goes looking for its little bewildered  audience-- a-ha  just might inspire some uplifting directions to help a new  generation stay on these roads.
B00000634J|5.0|Working Class Hero is NOT on &quot;The John Lennon Collection&quot; but it is on this one.  Now I have to decide if that makes it worth selling &quot;Collection&quot; and getting this one.  Yeah, it probably  does.<br />John Lennon is the only one of the Beatles whose solo work I have  bothered collecting.  The others' music is just &quot;there.&quot;   Lennon's is a cut above, with such feeling and brilliant social commentary.   Imagine, Give Peace a Chance, Watching the Wheels.  They don't get better  than those.
B000002R0Q|5.0|From the opening Fender Rhodes piano riff, you know you're in a new world. Gentle Giant created a collage of sparkling, precise riffs, nods to Renaissance vocal music, thundering guitar moments, and folk fiddle. This  album showcased them as one of the most well-integrated, tightest units in  pop music history. No other art rock band of the 70's comes close.
B000001GPW|5.0|Ferenc Fricsay was noted for his interpretations of Bartok and Mozart (and even wrote a book about the two composers).  Fricsay and Anda were graduates of the Franz Liszt Conservatory in Budapest, where their teachers  included Bartok and Kodaly.  The third concerto is a personal favorite of  mine, it was Bartok's farewell present to his wife, written while he was  dying of leukemia.  It is one of his most poetic compositions.<br />This  performance is a high quality recording in every respect.  The performance  is lyrical where lyricism is called for, and full of driving rhythms that  are exciting without being crass.  Fricsay's Bartok generally ranks among  my favorite readings, and this set of Bartok's three great concerti is  among the best of his best.
B00000DHR0|5.0|Celine has always managed to impress with one album after another. &quot;These are special times&quot; is not an exception. Celine has captured the magic of Christmas and together with her most unique and  wonderful voice has created yet another masterpiece!
0345315227|1.0|Just like another viewer, I started reading 3001 while training my Dragon voice-recognition system.  I liked it, didn't love it, but was a dedicated 2001 fan, so bought it, violating my own rule about book length (it's  short).  There is not enough content in here for a decent screenplay, let  alone a novel.  No characters except the one we already knew, no real plot,  dialogue, or content.  Then, enjoy an additional thirty pages or so of  acknowledgements BY CHAPTER!  I'm sorry for bad contracting requiring  another book of a designated length, but this is ridiculous!  I actually  have to thank the illustrious author, for giving me faith in my own  writing.  I have this irresistable urge to finish writing this book.  It IS  a good outline.  I just don't normally buy works in progress.  Save the  money, wait for the movie, it will be longer and more interesting, if it  ever gets made.
6304873441|5.0|this is one of the timeless stories brought to life in an excellent, gripping way - I was very much impressed... the quality is such I was only used to finding in Disney movies - but this is just as good, if not even  better - check it out...
B000002UB3|5.0|I think this is one of the greatest masterpieces of the popular culture of this century. The Beatles' creativeness reaches its top without any limit. One of the most appreciable things of this work is the ability to make a  collage of many of their unfinished songs,and,in spite of that,there is a  solid unity and an elegant versatility,tipical of Beatles' style. 'Because'  is a classical piece ' la Beethoven';'I  want you' is a genial  anticipation of the 70's hard rock;and 'Golden slumbers' is a typical  McCartney's ballad,fitted on a Sixteenth century poetry. Above all,it is  FANTASTIC!!!
0553293397|5.0|If you are a fan of the Asimov Foundation universe, you will love this book.  While it is not necessary, suggest you read Caves of Steel first, which is the first Elijah Bailey Robot Detective book.  <br />Even if you are  not a Foundation universe fan, you will love this book if you are  interested in robots (Asimov's three laws) or even if you are a mystery fan  and want something in a futuristic setting.
6302968100|5.0|I can't wait to show this movie to my friends! Not being a huge fan of Christian Slater, Top Gun, or drug-n-gun chase scenes, I didn't expect to like this movie. After all, I had seen this plot before--right? Wrong. The  movie takes off after the first few minutes--taking you with it--and it  just doesn't stop. You don't know what's going to happen next (as usual  with Tarantino, you're not sure you want to know). Highlights along the  ride include over-the-edge performances by Oldman, Hopper and Walken.  Slater and Arquette are also perfectly cast. This is definitely one of the  most orginal stories and some of the best acting I have seen in a long  time.
0385484518|5.0|By far this is the most touching book I have ever read. If you read only one book this year, make it this one. It will move you to tears and make you think about what is truly important in life.
B00000DFRS|1.0|Being a faithful, touched by all her previous work, fan I can't even get passed the second song! I have been listening to her music since I was 12, now I am 25, and I can't relate to any of these songs, maybe if I was still  a teenager and into hiphop, but this c.d is a let down.  It is not even  worth keeping it around.  I guess I will have to buy one of her old albums,  again.
0793518326|5.0|What a book! despite the fact it isn't 100% accurate as publisher says (i'd say it is 98% accurate as far as i've seen), i feel like having the greatest treasure of the world in my hands. As a bassist and music  transcriptor, it has been a great pleasure to me to compare my  &quot;ear&quot; versions of my favorite Beatles songs with the dots printed  by this great japanese team. Besides, it is not easy to get full  trancriptions of songs like &quot;You know my name (look up the  number)&quot; or &quot;Revolution 9&quot; (!). I strongly recommend this  book to anyone who wants to give a deep look into Beatles music. This is  The Beatles fans' holy bible.
0152465030|5.0|This book has been a gift to many a close friend of mine. I often go this read the pages of this book when friendship challenges me. It is personal reflection when one wants to revel in friendhip. It is a nice companion  when one loses a close friend.This book is a very spiritual book. It  matures friendship. An introduction to which I have always come back the  last 20 years.Good Luck
B000002UJQ|4.0|Radiohead have indeed created what the critics hail as the new face of rock. OK Computer is an album whose lyrics lend an punk-esque, indie feel, while it is the most polished and carefully put-together rock CD anyone has  (ever?) released. The problem is it tries too hard. Thom Yorke's  manic-depressive lyrics are remarkable, particularly on such masterpieces  as Paranoid Android, Airbag, and Climbing Up The Walls, and the melodies  (bar the somewhat annoying Let Down and the endlessly seranading The  Tourist), are truly unforgettable. They just went too far with  presentation. The slow, ridiculously heavy mixes, combined with Yorke's  wining soprano, simply interfere with what is otherwise a terrific album.  Those of us skilled enough to listen past the looping steel guitar and  assorted synthesizer bleeps might actually hear the throbbing heart of OK  Computer; a dozen really good songs with extraordinarily authentic yet  glacially poetic lyrics.
B0000024W3|1.0|Lately there's been a lot of revisionism concerning this album, with many fans coming out of the closet and confessing admiration, but I have never revised my opinion after all these years. It's still as bad as I knew it to  be when it was first released. Maybe today it can be appreciated as a  novelty item, but coming as it did after a series of masterpieces like  &quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot; and &quot;Blonde on Blonde&quot;, it was  tremendously disappointing. All the revisionism in the world will never  cover up the fact that there is nothing more to this album than scraps of  failed attempts to produce an album of covers, most of which are truly  awful.
B000002PCS|5.0|This CD makes you want to shut your eyes while you listen, so you can go &quot;back in time&quot; with Richard &amp; Elise to their desparate predicament of living in two worlds.  This exquisite music makes you ache  and feel for these separated lovers who know they have found the  &quot;One&quot; too late.
B0000027RL|5.0|This is my favorite album.  The first time I heard Pearl Jam my first thought was, &quot;What an amazing voice!&quot;  I bought the album and found that the writing and musicianship was almost as great.  I can't say  it is as great because nothing can compare to Eddie's voice on this album.   Honest, raw, impassioned, it doesn't get any better than this. I've  remained a fan but Eddie never sounded better.  I love music and Eddie  truly plays the instrument of his voice on this album.  This is my number  one 'desert island' disc.
B000000I0Q|4.0|Close your eyes and this album will fool most of us into thinking its Genesis. Its very listenable with flowing mellos and acoustic guitars. At this time in their careers, all members of Genesis must have been  overflowing with ideas, and this album is another relief valve. This album  is not for in-car listening, but definitely for Sunday afternoon in the  reclining sofa.
0684874350|5.0|I throughly enjoyed this book and found it very hard to put down.  It made me laugh and cry with tears of joy and sadness.  Thank-you Mr McCourt.  I'm eagerly awaiting your next book!
0385487266|1.0|I guess, if one were to compare Mansfield Park with a book by almost any other author, it would stand out.  Unfortunately, however, I compare Mansfield Park with the rest of Jane Austen's oeuvre, namely P&amp;P, Emma,  Persuasion, Sense &amp; Sensibility, etc.  Against that kind of  competition, Mansfield Park is weak.  Fanny Price is an insipid wimp who  watches life pass her by.  I have always found it hard to believe that the  woman who gave us Lizzy Bennet, Emma Woodhouse and Elinor Dashwood could  have given us Fanny Price.  The former do not suffer fools lightly, and  Fanny is a fool who enjoys suffering.<br />I do recommend that people read  this, but only AFTER reading Austen's other books because Jane Austen at  her weakest is superior to most authors at their best.
6305232660|2.0|Of the two asteroid films of the past summer, I feel that Armaggedon was more entertaining.  Sure it is filled with cliched characters, outrageously unbelievable action, too many slow motion shots of old people and kids  running around Smalltown, USA, and that irritating and uninspired Aerosmith  song, but it was still a fun popcorn movie.  I don't think the creators  intended to make a very serious film.  With Jerry Bruckheimer and Michael  Bay at the helm, you know the film is going to be a pretty, action packed  feature with little story but lots of explosions.  This film is Space  Mountain meets a Nike commerical.  <br />However the creators of Deep Impact  have attempted to make a more mature and serious film, looking at the  affect of such a global catastrophe not only on the small band of heroes  trying to save the Earth, but the common citizen as well (not just with  beforementioned slow mo shots reminiscent of long distance service TV ads -  see Armaggeddon).  It is a different and refreshing approach.  The film  starts off well, showing the government's response to such an event.  And  when the news goes public, the film effectively touches on the panic and  chaos that would result.  But as the day of reckoning approaches, the film  starts the downward spiral.  You would expect more chaos in light of such  an event, where every person is fighting to live.  In real life tragedies,  sadly, more often than not a person will step over another to save him or  herself, rather than stop to lend a hand.   In Deep Impact it felt like no  one wanted to live.  Everyone was so noble and self sacrificing.  Not very  realistic.  <br />Perhaps I am taking an overly pessimistic view of people,  but I imagine many people would claw another's eyes out if it meant a  chance at getting to see another sunrise.<br />Like many films of today, the  director can't just present the story as it is, without forcefeeding  spoonfuls of sappiness down the viewer's throats.  If the events  surrounding such a catastrophe as a collision with a comet were presented  as it is, that alone would be enough to touch the viewer's emotions.  You  really don't need extended shots of middle aged couples embracing in the  face of certain death (how many of these were in this film?).  A good idea,  that could have been executed much better.  As for the story, well, what is  there to say really?  A comet on a direct collision with Earth.  The  acting?   Morgan Freeman was is usual boring self, playing wise, calm men  in the face of adversity.  He needs to take on some different and more  challenging roles.  The rest of the cast is equally forgettable.
0679405429|5.0|I feel sorry for the young person who thought this book was boring.  What a shame that you can't relax and stop thinking about yourself long enough to take the time to revel in one of the greatest works in English  literature.<br />The plot is timeless, and I can guarantee that many of the  characters will resemble people you know.  Yes, the dialogue may be  difficult to follow at first but, after a while, &quot;listening&quot; to  it becomes almost second nature.<br />I first read this book when I was 11 or  12, and have read it at least 10 or 15 times since, including at least  twice for school.  In fact, I chose to read it again just so I could write  a paper on it.<br />Buy this book, sit down and lose yourself in Jane Austen's  world. Then try Persuasion, Emma or Sense &amp; Sensibility (I'm afraid I  can't recommend Mansfield Park very highly).  If you have any trace of  imagination, you will be hooked.<br />Please, do yourselves a favor and read  the book before seeing any of the adaptations.  Each has its advantages,  but the recent BBC/A&amp;E version with Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle is a  sight to behold.  The Garvie/Rintoul version is also good, but not quite as  beautiful to watch.  It pains me to say this, but the Greer Garson/Laurence  Olivier version is far and away the weakest.
0385484518|5.0|This wonderful account of Morris's life is heart breaking and yet comforting.  Mitch Albom writes from his heart and pulls you into his personal conversations with a wise man.  Delightful!  A &quot;must  read&quot; for any college professor!
0451521897|3.0|I enjoyed Treasure Island alot, till they landed on it. The first scenes in the inn and on the ship are great and full of possibility, but as soon as the pirates mutinied I lost intrest in it. Nothing but geography and  strange descriptions and the ending was very unsatisfying. This isn't by  far the worst book I've read, but it wasn't that great.
0812550706|5.0|Orsan Scott Card never ceases to amaze me with his ability to create books that inspire the reader to think. Absolutly loved it.
B000002KAG|4.0|This album is the first commercial release by the Dead in 1966, was release by Warner Brothers at the time. The opening songs, &quot;The Golden Road (To Unlimited Devotion)&quot;, first verse starts off with  &quot;Everbody's dancin' in a ring around the sun, nobodys finished we  ain't even begun...&quot; seems prophetic in that the Dead were around for  almost another 30 years and 2000 plus concerts. Beat it on down the line is  fun to listen to and then Pigpen does &quot;Good Morning Little  Schoolgirl&quot; which is also alot of fun. I especially like &quot;Cream  puff War&quot;, &quot;Morning Dew&quot; (always) and the &quot;Viola Lee  Blues&quot; at the end is fantastic, although I have heard better on  bootlegs.                 Bill Kreutzman is on this album as the only  drummer and is referred to as Bill the Drummer. This is because there was a  warrant for his arrest in Texas at that time.
B00000DFRS|4.0|Ease up &quot;Whitneyphiles&quot;!!!!  Any artist worth his or her salt has to grow sonically and thematically, and I for one am very pleased with the results on &quot;My Love is Your Love.&quot;  If you believe just a  fraction of what you read about Whitney, you've got to realize she's not  the &quot;princess&quot; we made her out to be....but why should she be?   She's human like the rest of us.  For the first time, she seems to be  singing about themes that may actually have some resonance with her real  life.  Yes her voice sounds deeper, and raspier than it used to, but its  got more edge and character than before.  &quot;Its not Right, But its  OK&quot;, &quot;Heartbreak Hotel&quot;, &quot;In My Business&quot; and  &quot;Oh Yes&quot; are hip-hop/R&amp;B gems.  The title track is  simple,  beautiful and seemingly heartfelt.  Two thumbs up for a very nice piece of  work!
0060277246|5.0|The &quot;Lion, Witch and the Wardrobe&quot; is the reason I became a passionate reader.  It was the first book to capture me completely, to revisit my mind again and again. C.S. Lewis speaks to us so simply and so  beautifully, it seems his young imagination never grew up...never  complicated the simple truths of life and nature. The main characters of  this book; Edmund, Lucy, Peter and Susan, still reside vividly in my  imagination.  And Aslan is bright and golden, the way I imagined him when I  first read this book - more than 20 years ago. Share this book with a child  you know.  Better yet, read it to them.
6305165912|5.0|This movie is becoming one of my favorites!  It has some quirky parts and a lot of &quot;F&quot; word, however the casting is perfect!  It is a riot, the more I watch it the more I laugh (love the &quot;drop off&quot; part!).
0345428056|4.0|I picked this book up in Amsterdam durng the summer of '98. I had read both of McNab's books prior and saw it in a train station and figured WTF. It's not a bad book and McNab has come up with a good story line. I think  there are a few lame points in the book (Nick Stone, come'on is this a porn  flick ?) and some of the gun and fights are a tad off. But, for someone who  wasn't taught to be a writter, it's a darn good read.  For those into the  SAS, check out Cameron Spence's Sabre Sqd. I don't see it listed on Amazon  and I picked it up in greece, but it's also about the Gulf War and he does  a good job too.
6303379214|5.0|I enjoy this movie because it is humorous and romantic.  Robert Downey Jr. and Marisa Tomei make a great pair.  My favorite line from the movie is &quot;I know he would kill tigers for you.&quot;  You will love this movie  if you have enjoyed other Marisa Tomei movies and if you like Robert Downey  Jr.  If you believe in soul mates or destiny be sure to watch this movie.
6305169187|4.0|I think you need to put reality on hold and enjoy the workings of true imagination. I know there were some unbelievable parts, but I went for the thrill and not a science lesson.
048623231X|5.0|Absolutely perfect!  These pictures capture the essence and feel of the Divine Comedy perfectly.  These are the kinds of scenes that went through my mind while I read.  What captured my attention the most were the plates  of Puragatory.  Nobody else could have caught the mood more accurately.   Dore and Dante are both gensises.
6305001200|5.0|If they wore new age clothes then I would think it would be from, 1995, about?  I am so glad my mother took my friends and I to this movie.
0783225849|5.0|SHRIEK!  The original Psycho is still the greatest horror film ever made, from the master himself, Alfred Hitchcock.  During the winter '98, Gus Van Sant tried to remake the original, almost word for word and scene by scene.   Sorry, but no one can do it like Hitchcock did it, and no one ever will.   Psycho is the classic horror movie of all time.  Don't be fooled by  imitations-this Psycho still is best.
0790734850|5.0|L. A. confidential had the titanic misfortune of being released in 1997. It certainly could be the best film of either 96 or 98. Audiences paid multiple admissions to view Kate and Leonardo;  they will buy the DVD to  see the charactors of L. A. Confidential over and over as well. Much as a  mark of a well made film, it improves with each viewing. One picks up on a  sub-plot, or gesture, or particular choice of wording with each repetition  - but the viewer does not tire of the plot or acting. Like the Godfather or  Star Wars, it mixes seasoned professionals with gifted unknowns in an  intriquing  story that grows to consume your thoughts well after the image  has stopped on the screen. A movie about crime, where the production was  really robbed at the awards.
6304539282|5.0|I thought the old version was perfect, but somehow they made it even better!  Very  entertaining!
B00000FCBC|5.0|Absoloutly awesome stuff! Most heavy hard core Metallica fans already have the second disc, but the real beauty of this album is that you get all these covers on ONE DISC! The first disc is great too, the first sone  &quot; Free Speach for the Dumb &quot; puts Pantera to shame...and the  following tracks are good as well. &quot; Turn the Page &quot; is a good  one, as well as &quot; Astronomy &quot;, &quot; Whisky in the Jar &quot;,  Die die my Darling &quot;, and &quot; The More I See&quot;. All and all  another great CD from the best Metal band in the history of the world.
0780622650|3.0|If you want to demo your video gear, invite your friends over. If you want to demo your brain, show them Forbidden Planet or Blade Runner instead.
0606001050|5.0|TKAM is a wonderful book about growing up in a small Alabama town in the 1930's.  It shows the maturing of the children, their life struggles, their trimuphs etc.  Harper Lee does a wonderful job of letting you get inside  the mind of Scout Finch and puts you in her shoes.  Putting yourself in  someone else's shoes is a common theme and Harper Lee made me feel that I  was Scout, I was a close confidant of hers, or that I could see right into  her mind and feel what she felt.  TKAM is full of symbolism and is a  touching novel. A+
B000002BFZ|5.0|No Code was most likely pearl jam's most thought provoking album.  The lyrics alone are enough to make me want this album.  Not to mention the way they re-invented their music proving they are true artists.  Just listen to  Present Tense, Off He Goes, or I'm open and tell me you are not moved. I  don't really care how well this album sold or how great the reviews were  but how great the music is.  I hope you enjoy this album as much as I do.
6305229449|4.0|I loved Mulan. The little Asian family jokes were hilarious! Frying dumplings over an open fire with chopsticks. Ingenious. The little details of humor are what made this movie so much fun to watch. I'm glad the main  story line wasn't about love. A nice relief of traditional animated movies  (Pocohantas, Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, etc...), though I've  always loved Disney movies. Q: the dog's name is little brother, is that  just a translation from the chinese word for little brother?
6304139586|4.0|My child found this film enchanting at age six. I found the underlying message about parents missing their children's childhood in their pursuit of success very real. So, forget the Walt Disney version, and get set for  an adult lesson about being a parent and about that part of us that will  always live in Never-Never Land. Lest we forget, we are all kids at heart.
0783221487|1.0|This is not an entirely comprehensible version of the book. There is a longer - I believe 3 1/2 hour version of the video that can be found in some  exotic video stores that will eventually be transferred to DVD (I  hope) which is a much more satisfying series of selected illustrations of  the book. But the book is so well written (in parts) that it would be worth  the effort just to skip this altogether
B000002J29|5.0|Completely amazing. For details, read Rob's review below. I'd like to add that the amazing chemistry between the performers on tunes like Firth of Fifth, Squonk, I Know What I Like, etc., is unparalleled in a live rock  setting IMO. Along with the equally incredible 1981 set &quot;3 Sides  Live&quot;, a progressive rock fan's dream live album.
6300271285|5.0|I've been obsessed with Little Shop of Horrors Ever Since I played since I played Mr. Mushnick in a camp play and soon I will be playing Seymour (tomorrow 12/10/98) I think this was great movie.  Ellen Greene was  Fenomanal I've wanted to see the original ending a lot.  I've got the  original the script to the play and the movie with Rick Moranis and Ellen  Greene I just ordered the screen play and I'm not sure but I think Ellen  Greene did Frenchie in Grease.  I have both cd's so as you can see I think  this is a great musical and someday someday I'd like to make a remake of  this wonderful movie.
B000002J2D|5.0|Excellent album. With ATTW3, Genesis began its mid-'70s transition from a 4-piece to a trio with the departure of guitarist Steve Hackett, with Mike Rutheford doing double duty on guitar and bass. Phil Collins's pop  songwriting began to take a more prominent role, but this album is still  chock-full of the wonderfully complex, yet beautifully melodic progressive  and symphonic rock that these guys are the undisputed kings of. Tony  Banks's amazing keyboard work, always the bedrock of the band's trademark  sound, is in top form on this album. The set opens with the thunderous,  beautiful fanfare of &quot;Down and Out&quot; and holds the listener  spellbound for the balance of the album. Highly recommended for fans of  intelligent rock.
B000005RY7|3.0|Kiss Killers is not a good album for people who are not die-hard Kiss fans.You could get better Kiss compilations than this one.(Greatest KISS,Smashes Thrashes and Hits and so on)But for the real Kiss fans,the  album is a must have.It contains 4 unavailable songs that were never  released in North America.&quot;I'm A Legend Tonight&quot;,&quot;Down On  Your Knees&quot;,&quot;Nowhere To Run&quot; and &quot;Partners In  Crime&quot;!Great rocking songs in the vein of the Creatures Of The night  album.This is also the second album that Eric Carr played on.(The first  being The Elder (1981)).The lead guitar work however was done by Bob  Kulick(Bruce's older brother)and not Ace Frehley!Despite being pictured on  the albums cover.This makes the leads not have the familiar Kiss sound to  them.But in all,the 4 new songs show what direction Kiss was starting to  head into in coming albums.The version of &quot;I Made For Lovin' You&quot;  is the edit version.Kiss fans will only notice the tiny diffrence.But get  this disc for your next party,It's KILLER!!!!!!!!!!!
B000002ADT|5.0|I can not say I know anything about Jazz music, although I always loved it, hence I decided to erase my ignorance and start to educate myself about it. So I bought this CD because of Miles Davis name only. And I was  spellbound by it, it's really a breathtaking peace of music. On one hand I  was delighted and on the other hand I was upset!! Delighted because I got  the chance to listen to this phenomena, and upset because since I'm going  to start my Jazz library I know that anything I listen to after Kind of  blue will pale and fade in comparison. As Elliot said: A thing of beuty is  a joy forever;  Kind of blue is a thing of beuty.
B00000G3PA|4.0|About three years ago, I saw a movie called &quot;Bad Boys.&quot;  I thought it was a great mix between comedy and action, but the thing that caught my attention the most was the directing.  The different camera  angles, slow motion, and panning shots were spectacular.  The same was true  for Michael Bay's next movie &quot;The Rock.&quot;   Which brings me to my  review of Armageddon.  The movie was your typical summer action movie.   BIG, LOUD, and FULL OF SPECIAL EFFECTS.  I didn't expect much going in, but  I did look forward to Michael Bay's choice of camera angles and slow  motion.  Michael Bay is the kind of director that gets me to see his movie,  even when I'm not interested in the story at all.  I rank him up with the  likes of John Woo and Brian De Palma.  Back to the movie though, it was  predictable, fake, but most importantly...FUN!  I think everybody needs  about two hours to just sit back and be entertained.  Who cares what  happens to the characters.  Have fun watching Steve Buscemi go through  different stages of insanity.  Notice the irony of having the head of NASA  be none other than Billy Bob Thornton(Sling Blade), who actually does a  pretty good job.  Bottom line...SIT BACK AND ENJOY!
6305232660|1.0|In one word, this movie is not worth the time. Don't buy this. It shows you what's going on slightly and takes up the rest of the film focusing on how people are reacting and how sorry they are. Much better off with  Armaggedon.
6300216268|5.0|and if you want to be free, be free for there's a million things to be, you know that there are...<br />The film's ubiquitous theme song says it all.  Love the life we have, be yourself, don't let the system get you down.<br />A  marvellous film, which rollercoasters between morbid hilarity, touching  beauty, and optimistic sadness.<br />Sing out! - an utter classic.
0964385619|5.0|Robert Kiyosaki and Sharon Lechter have written a wonderful book! They have given my husband and I additional hope that we don't have to follow the middle class lifestyle forever. I am building a home-based business,  and heard that once you make the money you can lose it unless you learn how  to keep it. Robert and Sharon have taught me more about keeping it!<br />We  are looking forward to taking action on their recommendations. I encourage  you to read it and do the same!
B000006FYP|5.0|BATMAN FOREVER was in my opinion the best of all the BATMAN films it has the best effects of all of the films. VAL KILMER did a great job in my opinion as BATMAN so did CHRIS O'DONNEL and TOMMY LEE JONES and espically  JIM CARREY.  This film really gets to the point of who BATMAN is and why he  does what he does.  Even the soundtrack is great I would sing the prasises  of JOEL SCHUMACHER too if it had'nt been for the next film my advice to  watch this one and previous 2 and skip BATMAN 4 and wait until BATMAN 5. So  all in all you'll have a blast with this movie I gaurantee it.
6302000823|5.0|Being Sicilian born, I very much enjoyed the Sicilian dialogue. The story line is very good. There is not a boring moment in the movie. Very humorous and heart-warming. A must see movie for everyone in the family.
0790729652|3.0|I liked BATMAN however it was'nt the best film I've ever seen and here's why. I mean JACK NICHOLSAN is awsome as THE JOKER.  But I felt that they picked the wrong person to play BATMAN I mean MICHEAL KEATON seems to me  out of place in that role also at times I felt that the pace of the film  took a little too long to get going. It really does'nt get moving until  near the end of the film I'd liked to have seen it move a little faster.  KIM BASINGER does a good job in her role as a reporter but the rest of cast  seem or look like they're bored to death with the film. Anyway BATMAN is a  good film but in my opinion not the greatest
0780622650|1.0|In a 2.35 : 1 only wide screen format, it won't fit most home-entertainment-centers for 10 or more years.  On the computer, its great! But again even on a 21&quot; monitor you are looking at a 16&quot;  wide by 6.5&quot; high presentation again - invite guests over if you  provide the magnifying glasses or you can all get so close that you don't  mind their breath (and they don't mind yours).
6303202004|5.0|I found STAR TREK VI THE UNDISCOVERD COUNTRY to be one the best ever from the special effects, musical score, and storyline. Everything that was sorely lacking in STAR TREK V is back in this film it deals with peace  negoitations between the federation and the klingons and CAPTIN KIRK'S  feelings of mistrust twoard the klingons.  It turns out that there are  others who feel the same way but I won't give it away finding out will  suprise you that's all I have to say. GENE RODENNBERRY would have been  proud of this film as the series gets back to it's roots.  I thought  NICHOLAS MYER and LEONARD NIMOY did a great job on this film it should've  at least some kind of award for it's effects which were mind-blowing anyway  this film is a must for all STAR TREK fans see it again and again like I  have you won't soon forget it.
6304509154|5.0|This is a real surprise! I didnt know that Spielberg had anything to do with this movie. Go rent it or buy it...you'll love it! It's not to scary.....
6300213803|5.0|STAR TREK II THE WRATH OF KHAN is the best film of the series the action is unbelivable as is the storyline it totally blew me away. RICHARDO MONTALBAN is awsome as the villian KHAN when you see this film you'll see  why.  Also guessing will SPOCK live or die will keep you on the edge of  your seat guessing too.  ALL in all if you love STAR TREK  you'll like this  fil;m I gaurantree it.
0064471837|5.0|The first time I read this book, I did not like it.  I got confused with the dark and light ages, and all those other science fiction things that I an ignorant of, did not understand.  But the second time, I took my time  and grasped this touching story of life and death, the search for a girl  who's love was so strong for her father, that she risked her lives and  friends to bring him back.  I was so shocked at the ending, but it was  fantastic.
6300214400|5.0|STAR TREK III is the best of all the odd films to date finding out what happend to SPOCK may be one of the most entertaning puzzles of STAR TREK to date. I won't say weither he's alive or not just watch the film and find  out. Also you'll see why KIRK hates the klingons as much as he does in STAR  TREK VI when you see this film I won't give it away though all in all don't  miss film if you're a STAR TREK fan like I am.
B0000047EC|5.0|Beautiful lyrical music. These two guys individually do the same amazing thing: they produce music that is both simple and lyrical at one level but also rich and complex and interesting.  On this recording they do it  together and the results are COOL.
630021463X|4.0|I found STAR TREK IV THE VOYAGE HOME to be a great film but not the best of them all and here's why. I mean WILLIAM SHATNER, LEONARD NIMOY, DEFOREST KELLY and the rest of the cast do a great job acting out the story but at  times I felt the film went off focus on saving whales than earth. Which was  the reason KIRK and company were there anyway. Maybe there should've been  more focus on that point. Althougth this movie has a lot of humerous  moments that are just hysterical wait till you see MCCOY in a 20th century  operating room. And KIRK AND SPOCK on a bus  LEONARD NIMOY does just a  wonderful job directing as he did with STAR TREK III but I felt that this  movie could've left out that whale expert she at times was too overbearing  and the diaolouge between her and KIRK was a llitle too soap-operay for my  taste.  But all in all if you love STAR TREK see STAR TREK IV THE VOYAGE  HOME and have mostly a  great time watching like I did.
038541627X|5.0|Featuring stories from &quot;nine tommorows&quot;, &quot;earth is room enough&quot;, &quot;nightfall&quot; and more, it's a great sci-fi book and a must-have for Asimov's fan (though they'd probably read all the stories  before). BUY IT!
B000005PRX|2.0|I found BATMAN RETURNS to be a dull film even for the caped crusader I felt that MICHEAL KEATON looked and acted bored in this film. MICHELLE PHIEFFER I really could'nt stand either, the only person I liked was DANNY  DEVITO as the PENQUIN as he stole the show like JACK NICKHOLSAN before him  he's the only reason this film is'nt a total disaster. I'm not going to  even metion CHRISTOPHER WALKEN'S character  you'll see why when you watch  this film. All in all this film is not as bad as BATMAN AND ROBIN but it's  close. One final word TIM BURTON how could you?!!
6302110165|5.0|For Robin Williams to play this painfully shy, introverted Doctor is extraordinary and the best indication of Mr. Williams' acting ability.  The movie is charming, moving, fun and otherwise delightful.  Absolutely, one  of my favorite's!
0790733226|5.0|Marred by only a few moments of eccentricity, this is a believable film. Great initial sequence and ending.
6305064490|5.0|This is a movie I will keep forever.  It is a show I will want to share with my Grandchildren.  It will bring tears to your eyes. It brings the true meaning of Christmas into every home.
6304806426|5.0|I somewhat reluctantly saw this film with my wife.  It would have been a missed opportunity if I hadn't.  Great photography (sans excessive special effects).  Despite arguments with the morality of the characters, it is  empathy provoking.
0061002860|5.0|There will never be another mystery novel so cleverly crafted.  There will never be another mystery novel with such a shocking conclusion. There will never be another Agatha Christie. I have read a lot of mystery and  detective novels.  This is the all-time &quot;Academy Award&quot; winning  mystery novel. It simply can't get any better than this (at least in my  humble opinion...read it for yourself!)
B00000G3PA|5.0|I enjoyed this better than Deep Impact, which wasn't too bad. Both test the limits of believability. Excellent aud/vid.
B0000027I6|5.0|This is the message Rogers Waters has been trying to get across since his childhood when he lost his father to war.  It is the pent up aggression, and the distrust in government that is finally expressed the way he  intended it when he first wrote The Wall back in 1978.  There were glimpses  of his message in The Final Cut, When the Wind Blows, and KAOS, but Amused  to Death is the pinnacle of what Waters wanted to say.  A masterpiece of  music, pure genius lyrically, this album is what all other albums should be  compared to.  Solemn lonliness, bitter grudges, and calm achknowledgment of  the forces we face, Roger Waters has said his peace, and this piece will be  his final production, his final say, his Final Cut.
0790739909|5.0|I highly recommend you the view of this film. You won't feel indifferent about it. It invites us to think about life after death and about the sense of our life. Expecially in our present time, where to find us within  ourselves and to build a contact with the Infinitude seems to be THE task  of our life and is being generously mediate in all kind of arts. This  thought finds the most beautiful frame in the incredibly involving  Ryan/Cage love story. Enjoy it!
0399143904|2.0|It would appear that Mr. Clancy has decided to go the way of Allen Drury as an author.  That is to say he is diluting the power of his characters by overwhelming them with far rightwing political plots making his storylines  less and less believable.<br />It is no longer fun to read one of his  books.<br />My two stars are for the jacket and the font!
0792151712|1.0|There are few stories more gripping than that of the Titanic, so why did the movie need to surround itself around a shallow, cliched love story? The characters could not have been more cardboard -- all are good or bad,  corresponding to wealth.  And the dialogue could not have been more wooden  -- I will always laugh at &quot;I'm the king of the world!&quot;,  &quot;Look at this use of color!&quot;, and all the trust me, go for it,  lovey dovey stuff.  DiCaprio delivered lines like an automoton and was  completely unconvincing as a rough lad.  Winslet -- playing no matter how  much a free spirit -- was more a 1998 Spice Girl (middle finger at work)  than a product of Edwardian society.<br />Some great effects, but you do not  survive being sucked down with a huge ship into icy waters.<br />Cameron's  moralizing about the survivors is simplistic-- swamped boats killing  everyone wouldn't have made much sense.<br />I certainly agree that &quot;A  Night to Remember&quot; is the Titanic movie to watch.  No reason to make  this one, except cold hard cash.<br />Thank goodness for Amazon -- I feel so  much better having let the world know how I feel!
0395389496|5.0|I was read Chris Van Allsburg when I was little, and now that I am in college I realize that I will read him to my kids.  His books were the books that deepened my interest of reading and aquiring knowledge
B000002ULS|5.0|This album is a wonderful juxtapose of a smooth, rhythmic music and sarcasm ; I couldn't help loving it. Too many bands are trying to be too serious about their attitude. And yes, you can say that all you need is  attitude, but that's inherently admitting that it is used as a crutch. B  &amp; S have created a great album here..
0792151712|2.0|The re-creation of the titanic (including the boiler and engine rooms) was fantastic and well worth seeing.  The story itself, however, was shopworn and predictable and the acting was one-dimensional.  In particular, I found  it impossible to be sympathetic for Kate Winslet's character.  Overall, I  was disappointed considering the hype and Academy Awards this film  received, and felt that it wasn't worth three hours out of my life to watch  it.<br />By the way, couldn't they have gotten a better artist to do the  drawings that Di Caprio's character had done (that were supposed to be so  talented and promising)?
0792838637|5.0|A must for every Bond fan and DVD collector, this DVD puts every DVD to shame in terms of quality and value.&quot;Lost In Space&quot; a very close second. The guys/girls who put this DVD together should get a special  award, this is what ALL DVDs should be about, so stop short changing joe  public and use it as a bench mark for others.<br />5 STARS IN EVERY WAY
6300181251|5.0|Director Alfred Hitchcock has crafted a classic for all time. &quot;Psycho&quot; is one of the &quot;Master's&quot; best achievements. The story is simple. Marion Crane (played by Janet Leigh) steals $40,000  from her employer to help her boyfriend Sam Loomis (Played by John Gavin)  pay debts. Slowed by a rainstoem she arrives at the infamous &quot;Bates  Motel&quot; run by a young man named Norman Bates (played by Anthony  Perkins) She is brutally murdered in the now classic &quot;shower  scene&quot; When a detctive by the name of Arbogast (played by Martin  Balsam) comes looking he is suspicious of the &quot;mother fixated&quot;  Norman. Then her sister Lila (played by Vera Miles) and Sam come looking  Lila finds his mother's corpse in the fruit cellar. He is then hauled to  jail. What makes the &quot;shower scene&quot; so creepy is the music of  Bernard Herrmann. It is the finest slasher scene in film. It has brilliant  direction by Hitchcock (who deservedly got an Oscar nomination) It is  merely the best of it's kind. Very often imitated but no one will beat this  Hitchcock classic, except Alfred Hitchcock.
B000002ULS|5.0|This recording touched me deeply from start to finish.  The beautifully crafted folk-pop melodies are delivered with equally inspired vocal and instrumental performances.  If you liked Donovan and Simon &amp; Garfunkel  in the '60's, you can't help but lose yourself in this album.
B00000FCBC|5.0|After the abysmal offering that was &quot;Reload&quot; this album is nearly shocking in its greatness. It's just too bad that Metallica's best album in years is entirely made up of covers. But my, what covers they are!  Whisky in the Jar, Mercyful Fate medley, Astronomy, Die, Die my  Darling...the album never lets up except for the WAY TO LONG Tuesday's  Gone.  Hopefully this will shove Metallica back to their old roots for  their next studio album. Until then, we have this to tide us over.
B000002GF8|5.0|The Police was like a bottle of wine; the group got better with age and Synchronicity was the tip of the iceberg.  The best song (and video) that ever was released was Synchronicity II due to the fact that the song has  two parts with no singing.  Mother (this song should have been on the  soundtrack of Psycho) was the strangest song form the group.  If I was  marooned on a island and have a album to listen to.  THIS WILL BE THE  ONE!!!
6305161976|5.0|This is just a quick message to point out that &quot;Casablanca&quot; was released in 1942, about a decade or so before the first widescreen films were produced.  CinemaScope, I believe, was the first.  Their are more  in-depth articles in the past few issues of Widescreen Review that detail  the first widescreen films and their release dates.<br />This DVD version of  &quot;Casablanca&quot;, is not Pan and Scan but simply presented in 1.33:1,  the way it was originally filmed.  &quot;Gone with the Wind&quot; is  another example of a classic film recently released on DVD in its original  1.33:1 aspect ratio.
0671015206|1.0|The same stuff over and over and over.....  I will save you the trouble.  If you want to be called a millionaire save all of your money / don't spend a dime.  It sure does not allow you to enjoy the benefits of your wealth.   What's the point if you cannot enjoy your wealth.
6305177473|5.0|I have seen this movie twice in the theatres and now own it. Trust me - this movie is worth buying. Lindsay who plays the twins (Halley and Annie)is just delightful in the role. Dennis Quaid is great as Dad and  Natasha is great as the Mom.  The film has a great script, great acting,  and fun music. I defy you to see/watch this movie and not smile. I think  this movie is a must for every family and those who like fun movies. If you  enjoyed the original (as I did) you will love the remake. This is the best  remake Disney has done in years!
B000001EXR|5.0|Odd-time signatures (6/4) in &quot;In the Mirror&quot;.  Arabesque sounds in &quot;Seduction of the Innocent&quot;.  Tritones all over the place, vs. 2-3 chords in their regular repertoire.  Very important topics in their  lyrics.  Leyends are made up of variety, of that ability to change styles  within the blinking of an eye (e.g. The Beatles, The Doors, Led Zeppelin,  Yes, et al).  As with all musical leyends, KISS has tried many styles  (disco, pop, orchestral arangements, country), and have succeeded in all of  them.  Trying alone should gain them enough respect!!!  Many groups stay on  the same 1 or 2 styles and after a while become boring and trite.  KEEP UP  THE GOOD WORK! Excelente!
B0000025QC|5.0|This CD is very pleasing to listen to, not boring or repetitive. The artist has a distinctly original sound, with lush arrangements and chordal progressions. He integrates a wide variety of sounds and instruments from  many different countries and he somehow makes it sound great.
0780622642|1.0|Bad acting, bad writing, bad directing, bad editing.<br />Other than that it was pretty good.
0060926317|4.0|This book is worth the read.  It is a refreshing viewpoint about life.  It is a journey true or not that awakens the spiritual side of all of us.  It is easy to read and a pleasure.  An oasis from the modern day routine and  suppression of life.  The bigger house, faster car etc.
6304240554|5.0|As a kid in '79, it scared the bejesus out of me. It's dated now, but still a great movie.  A solid 4 stars, with an added star for scaring Rob.
0140277447|5.0|Without Iris Chang's persistent pursuit of truth, the 300,000 Chinese murdered or raped by the Japanese during the Nanking massacre sixty one years ago would have soon been forgotten.   John Rabe, Oskar Schindler of  China, would not have his brightest moments he deserved after saving  thousands of Chinese lives during these barbaric Japanese crimes.  This  book and a recently published book, &quot;The Good Man of Nanking: The  Diaries of John Rabe&quot;, will be the classic of world histories.   The  truth detailed by Iris Chang and John Rabe will eventually force Japan to  admit one of the worst holocausts in human history Japanese has willfully  committed.
0767803434|3.0|I really want to like AF One but, the screenplay is horrible, the acting is wooden -- especially on the ground with the Vice President Glenn Close going at with an Alexander Haig wanna-be (I'm in control here!)<br />Wolfgang  Petersen is a great action director-- the action screnes and the flying  sequences rate 4 stars.  Production values are first rate.  <br />The DVD  itself is nicely packaged and the 5-1 Dolby Digital Transfer and the Video  sharpness rate 5 stars. Crank up the volume!  But crank it down for the  silly melodramatic dialog.
0780624890|5.0|One thing that I noticed about this movie that nobody else has even mentioned: Blade is a extrememly well translated Comic Book.  In my opinion this is one of the best crossovers I have ever seen, not to mention  probably the best action movie I've seen to date.  Wesley Snipes does the  movie and charachter justice, and backs up his belief in the project as  producer to boot!  On top of it all, he leaves the best line in the movie  to his mentor played by Chris Christofferson.  Too bad Traci Lords didn't  last longer in the movie.  Some folks claim the movie suffers from a thin  plotline, I don't see it that way.  Maybe I'm a sucker for good action  flicks, but I went to the theater expecting to see a Comic Book on screen,  and I was not disappointed!  Excellent Job Mr. Snipes!!  Highly  reccommended!!
6301016289|5.0|Definitely one of the best movies of all time, especially if you have any interest in finance.  The best thing about this movie is the myriad of amazing quotes that one can reuse in daily life for business and pleasure.
B000005QH3|5.0|Did you know this movie was first shown in the uk first?The networks wanted to see how it did there first and it was a hit!Then later released in the U.S.
0887308589|5.0|A must read book for engineers, managers and bureaucrats. Everything said is so real, sometimes I think Scott Adams knows where I work...
B0000020C4|5.0|This Les Mis is outstanding . It is the best album I have ever heard . Colm Wilkomson is the best Valjean and Philip Quast is the best Javert . The content is almost complete . You can FEEL the music . It is obviosly  the best Les Miserables on the planet .
B000002UJQ|5.0|I discoved Radiohead in 1995 with their brillent album &quot;The Bends&quot;.  When &quot;OK Computer&quot; was released and I lsitened to it for the first time, I was shocked.  Could a band make such an evolution  is such a short time?  Well, they did.  &quot;OK Computer&quot; is the best  album of the ninties not because of hits like &quot;Let Down&quot;, and  &quot;karma Police&quot;, but because of the way the songs blend together  into a sonic masterpiece.  Each song is connected in some way and that  makes the listener put everything that they are doing down and concentrate  on what Radiohead is trying to say.  Thom Yorke's vocals are once again  myserious and thought provoking, however this time, the music catches up to  what he is trying to say.  &quot;Paronid Android&quot; has so many mood  changes and up and downs that it pretty much defines that pretty much  defines the album as a whole, Radiohead takes you on a musical journey that  will leave you begging for more.
1573225517|5.0|What a great book.  Some of my friends whom I've lent this book to have failed to relate as closely as I do, while others keep &quot;forgetting&quot; to give it back.  I read it all in one sitting one  night, ignoring my wife and children as they went through dinner, their  nightly routines, and bedtime.  A classic &quot;guy&quot; book. Superb use  of writing techniques.
B000002JB3|5.0|This album is a very nice contrast to Both Sides.  If you like up-beat songs, this is a great album.  I feel like this is a strong Phil Collins album, and it doesn't get nearly the credit it commands.  Lorenzo, Wear My  Hat, and The Same Moon are standouts on a great album.
0790729628|5.0|This (Director's cut) is the DEFINITIVE and only version of the film! The Film is incredible.... PERIOD! Anybody who gives it less then 5 stars, just did'nt get the film. Special effects are not the only thing this film  delivers on. Is is the great Performances by Hauer and Ford that make this  film shine! Not to mention Ridley Scotts flawless direction. Go buy this  movie! You owe it to yourself, if you like film that is.
6304490399|5.0|great introduction into the world of offroad       motorcycling......
0780020685|5.0|Kurosawa is one of my favorite directors, and \\"Seven Samurai\\" is one of the few 3-hour films I have the patience to sit through. The sets, the music, the actors - eveything comes together. But I prefer other Kurosawa films to this, after seeing it a few times I think it's kind of cheesy, but the final battle scene in the rain is extremely well done. Many movies have attempted to copy the plot (Magnificent Seven) but this is the original - see it before you see the others and none will live up to this.
6303012140|4.0|Great movie, action packed, VERY funny at times! Wild ride
0385474547|2.0|Chinua Achebe takes an enjoyable narative style aims it at an alternative perspective of european expansionism and colonization and succeeds only in proving his own small mindedness.  Achebe crafts a precise and very  detailed narative setting forth an argument against colonialism that fails  to consider anything that might lessen its drama.  The perspective becomes  self centered and biased and its realism dies.  The book seems shaped  around a view point so narrow and tunnelled that even the very real and  human aspects of the tale are distorted and lessened. If his were the only  argument against colonialism Achebe would have gauranteed its continuation  - thank goodness it isn't!!
0385311400|2.0|As other reviewers stated, the first three books were so wonderful I stayed up all night reading them.  I started this one, and kept thinking, &quot;Well, maybe it will get better soon,&quot; finally (actually pretty  quickly) deciding I would rather sleep.  As a comment one year after  receiving this for Xmas 97, while I've read and re-read the other books,  this one continues to gather dust on my bookshelf.
0767802659|4.0|Bottom line - if you can appreciate a movie for what it's intended to be, then this is a great movie.  If you expect every movie to live up to some mythical standard of excellence, it's crap.  Sit back, relax and stop  thinking...
B000000W6R|5.0|A band that can produce an album of b-sides this good is obviously in another stratosphere. This may be going out on a limb, but I rank &quot;Whir&quot;, &quot;Blue&quot;, and &quot;La Dolly Vita&quot; right up  there with other Pumpkin masterpieces like &quot;Drown&quot;,  &quot;Rhinoceros&quot;, &quot;Hummer&quot;, &quot;Soma&quot;, &quot;Thru  the Eyes of Ruby&quot; and &quot;Pug&quot;. Especially &quot;Whir&quot;,  which is simply a gorgeous, sad, sad song -- the pain in Billy's voice when  he sings &quot;she said she wants to marry me&quot; is obvious. &quot;La  Dolly Vita&quot; has an amazing groove, and I think it's the closest the  Pumpkins ever came to a dance song. &quot;Blew Away&quot; is the best song  James Iha has ever recorded, and it should have been saved for Mellon  Collie to replace the dreadful &quot;Take Me Down&quot;. &quot;Starla&quot;  is really long and repetetive, but it does rock and its quieter parts are  really nice. &quot;Frail and Bedazzled&quot;, &quot;Pissant&quot;, and  &quot;Hello Kitty Kat&quot; all remind me of some of the more chaotic  elements on Gish, when the Pumpkins rocked with a certain aggressive edge  that they never recaptured, even on Siamese Dream. Then there's  &quot;Landslide&quot;, which is a really nice cover, but I can't understand  why it was the only song that was released from this album.  Go get Pisces  Iscariot, you'll love it.
6304056818|5.0|Forbidden Planet is easily one of the finest science fiction movies ever made.  Although released in 1956, it still compares favorably with much flashier movies from more recent years.  The film is not a  &quot;blast-fest&quot; in the Star Wars style, but blends modest action and  beautiful hand painted special effects with a fascinating study of basic  human nature.  Those expecting 1950's B-movie special effects will be  pleasantly surprised, as top quality hand rendered artwork abounds, as well  as a flying saucer with no strings attached!  Also, one of the more  memorable big-screen automatons, Robby the Robot, appears in much of the  film.  The movie also contains some of the best sci-fi film music ever  recorded, as it rises and falls to the mood of the scenes. To complement  the attractive visuals and sounds is excellent casting, with Walter Pidgeon  perfectly suited to the imperious Dr. Morbius.  Fine performances by Leslie  Nielsen and Anne Francis, among others, help create a dramatic tension you  can feel as the film nears its climax. Monsters, mystery and a little humor  make Forbidden Planet a genuine classic, which any sci-fi fan should take  time to enjoy!
0780624890|5.0|Being a Marvel comic book - I was a bit sceptical of how this movie would turn out (anyone remember Captain America)  but it seems that New Line have come up with the goods (as they did for the Punisher) and Blade is possibly  the best action flick I've ever seen Snipes in.  A most enjoyable movie I  loved it - as long as you dont expect too much (as most people strangely  seem to do)  Sit down, relax with a coke and enjoy - if you're expecting  something cerebral I wouldnt bother this is not a thinking movie - just  pure 100% blood-thick action...go see it.....As soon as you can!
0671015206|5.0|I have received great insight into why I need to change my consumption habits, and be more frugal and don't worry about living it up right now.  By doing this, I will become financially independent in the future.  Also,  that it's not how much you make but how much you save that is really how  you can tell where you stand.
B000000WA4|4.0|If this album had been cut in half, it could have competed with Siamese Dream as the greatest in the Pumpkins' canon. &quot;Porcelina of the Vast Oceans&quot;, &quot;Galapagos&quot;, &quot;1979&quot;, and especially the  amazing &quot;Thru the Eyes of Ruby&quot; are among the most moving and  exhilerating songs the Pumpkins have ever recorded. &quot;Zero&quot;,  &quot;Jelly Belly&quot;, &quot;Bullet&quot;, and &quot;Bodies&quot; are  pure rockers in the same vein as &quot;Siva&quot; and &quot;Quiet&quot;.  &quot;To Forgive&quot;, &quot;thirty-three&quot;, &quot;In the Arms of  Sleep&quot;, and &quot;By Starlight&quot; are all soft, understated  beauties in which Billy bares his soul, tender and raw. But to get to those  songs, you must suffer through a lot of mediocrity, which takes over the  middle of the first album and most of the second half of the second.  &quot;An Ode to No One&quot;, &quot;Love&quot;, and &quot;Cupid de  Locke&quot; are three consequetive duds which shouldn't have made the cut.  &quot;Tales of a Scorched Earth&quot; is simply bad, and I can't hit my  forward button fast enough to get to &quot;Ruby&quot;. Then comes  &quot;Stumbleine&quot;, &quot;x.y.u&quot; (which works much better in  concert), &quot;we only come out at night&quot;, &quot;beautiful&quot; and  &quot;lily&quot;, which may not be that bad but are worse than most of  their b-sides on &quot;The Aeroplane Flies High&quot; and  &quot;Pisces  Iscariot&quot;. Both cd's end with horrible songs, &quot;Take Me Down&quot;  and &quot;Farewell and Goodnight&quot;. It's irritating because without the  chaff, the album would be a true masterpiece.
0767802470|5.0|I saw and heard the movie 3 times! On the back left side i hear the drips of water, on the back right the clicking of a watch. Complete tension, you are amoung the cast in the sub. Deep sounds from my subwoofer. A complete  satisfaction of my senses..........
0790738139|5.0|I loved this movie. The acting was great the sceanery was great the action was very neat. Kevin spacy was excellent and the rest of the cast was just as good. This movie is for anyone who likes action movies with a great  plot. The plot at sometimes may seem hard to follow but at the end it all  comes together. You heard from me off the record on the qt and very  hush-hush.
0553278223|4.0|If only mars could be as close to us as it is in Bradbury's mind.  This is a very well thought out comic book novel for all ages.  Though there are no illustrations, the ones that Bradbury writes out for you to develop in your  mind are far more real than any drawing that can be added in the book.
0793927501|5.0|The Edge is the most breath taking,beautiful and exciting movie I have seen in years! Anthony Hopkins is,as always, perfection in the part of the  mild mannered genius &amp; Billionair who becomes a hero during a trek  through the wilds after a plane crash leaves him and his companions not  only lost, but tracked by a bear who means to kill them at any cost.  Beautiful as it is exciting, you must see it!
B00000DHRX|5.0|This CD is definitely a winner!  Whether listening to the etheral &quot;Jesus To A Child&quot; or feeling your hormones pulse with &quot;Too Funky,&quot; Michael's music is original and reaches into your soul, no  matter what your mood may be.  Even the older, &quot;Careless Whisper&quot;  sounds better than ever.  Overall, a terrific CD.
6304406096|3.0|This film is flawed in many respects. It's too long, the action sequences seem to drag on with little tension, and the soundtrack is depressing. Given these flaws how can the film succeed? Answer: Sean Connery. Connery  brings warmth (Bond has mellowed some with age) and wit to the Bond  character who is facing middle-age and the late Cold War era.  He is also  helped by an excellent supporting cast.
0399143904|2.0|While I admit that Clancy has written another page-turner, as a German speaker I deplore his obviously shoddy research. Virtually every reference to Germany and German (of which the book abounds) is false or erroneous; he  obviously neglected to take the elementary precaution of having a native  speaker at least correct his spelling of words like  &quot;Schreklichkeit&quot; (correct: &quot;Schrecklichkeit&quot;) or  &quot;Burger Fuhrer&quot; (&quot;Bergfhrer&quot; - his version sounds like  something sold by McDonald's. This lack of writers' craftmanship may not  distract from the power of the story, but it does induce skepticism towards  other details of the book.
6301969294|4.0|Exceptional performances by the cast, headed by Gary Cooper and Patricia Neal.  Strikingly produced.  Just remember that this is not the book.  Those familiar with Miss Rand's novel The Fountainhead will note the  absence of many of the events and characters from the original.  Don't go  into the film expecting it to be just like the book, and you will find it  very exciting.
B000002W3R|4.0|Although Elvis recorded MOODY BLUE during a time when most people felt he was in decline and when he was only months away from his own death, the album actually contains some bracingly strong cuts, and also highlights the  skill and power of Elvis's band. Divided between studio pieces and live  recordings, MOODY BLUE displays a singer who continued to care deeply about  the material he recorded and put everything he had into it. Perhaps the  finest track is the eerily presicent &quot;Way Down,&quot; in which Elvis  almost seems to predict his own demise. You'll hear a commited vocal  performance. Other tracks spotlight the tight playing of Elvis's band in  concert. The first 100,000 copies of this album were originally produced on  blue vinyl, and I was lucky enough to have bought one at the age of 12.  I've since lost it to time, but will always treasure having a record of  Elvis's final performances.
B000002C1Z|5.0|Breaking the mold of their earlier recordings, &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; and &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot;, Animals trades in sax solos and synthesizers and goes with a more guitar driven sound. By the time of  this recording, Roger Waters had basically taken complete control of the  band and most of the album was his doing. Inspired by Orwell's novel  &quot;Animal Farm,&quot; The songs of the album are named after Animals  from the book. Dogs, a seventeen minute opus, is about people who do what  ever it takes to get ahead, but eventually die off like everybody else.  This song contains one Gilmour's best solos. Pigs (Three Different Ones) is  an attack driven song, attacking corporate pigs, Margaret Thatcher, And  Mary Whiteside. Sheep talks about rebellion and the killing of the Dogs.  This is Pink Floyd at its best.
B000002WEH|5.0|Some fans regard this as Elvis's finest hour. Recorded shortly after his 1968 Comeback Special, this was the album on which everything was riding. If Elvis couldn't record mature, committed music in his adult years, the  comback performance would be seen as nothing but fluke. Pushed against the  wall, Elvis produced a triumph. The famous studio sessions that went into  this album produced some of his finest and most significant music, such as  In the Ghetto and Suspicious Minds. Although the latter track was  inexplicably left off of this album, you can hear his newfound commitment  to a fresher, more relevant, and adult-like pop sound on each song. Every  track is a victory. This album is a must for every Elvis fan, as well as  any admirer of classic, adult pop.
0790736314|3.0|I thought this movie ver much draged. I know in many ways people find it a classic, but I just the plot was dragging.  Some parts I admitt were entertaining
6304383177|5.0|The madcap pace, the unlikely plot line, Hepburn's rapid-fire dialogue, and &quot;Baby,&quot; Hepburn's leopard that goes missing, make this the seminal -- and funniest -- screwball comedy.  Hepburn is at her wackiest;  Grant, the bewildered paleontologist target of Hepburn's pursuit, is   wonderful. In a switch from his usual suave roles, Grant is endearing as  the object of Hepburn's affections.  I'd give it 6 stars if I could.
0790737345|2.0|There's a scene with all these black coated creeps hanging around a hospital waiting for people to die.  Now I don't want wings on my angels.  And I don't want a thousand angels on the head of of a pin.  But a bunch of  creepy guys in black dusters hanging around a hospital waiting for the  flesh to give up the spirit is just something too far off.<br />Nicholas Cage  is an angel.  And he's willing to give up immortality, and I assume his  immortal soul, just so he can touch Meg Ryan.  Hey most men would give up a  lot to touch Meg Ryan.  But as the romantic premise for a movie?<br />In the  end this is like so many recent movies.  All style and no substance.  And  the images are admittedly enticing.  But there's got to be more.  If there  are angels, they've got to be more than dour dope in black dusters.
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays with Morrie tells of a heart warming relationship between, not only a teacher and his student, but also between friends.  The story of how their relationship develops and changes open the reader's eyes to a bond  that is not commonly found between teachers and students.  Morrie goes  beyond the role of a teacher and gives his entire heart to his job and his  students.      As I said before, there are not many people theta can call  their teacher their friend.  As a senior and high school, I have come to  realize what a special bond this is.  I know that I will never lose touch  with my teacher that means so much to me.  I also know that today I gave  him the perfect birthday gift:  Tuesdays with Morrie.
6304806434|4.0|I expected to dislike this film.  Nicholas Cage was the sole reason I gave it a chance.  And if I were to dissect it, I'd find it pretty weakly put together.  But it's not a movie you can dissect.<br />This is a total action  flick.  It's Black and White.  Good and Evil.  The truly good man trying to  get home to his family being put in peril by the most evil of criminals.  <br />Oh I want so much to hate it.  It's trite. It's stupid.  It might even  be racist.  (Actually it's probably a couple of kinds of racist.)  But it's  also rip roarin' action.  <br />Beautifully coreographed fire!  This is a  success of special effects.  It's all better than it should be, because  they show it so well.  And that's what DVD is best at.  Get blown away by  the sound and the image.
0792106989|5.0|From amidst the plethora of available Hollywood Western titles emerge a relatively few notables: this is one, and Number One on my personal list. Each character is cast and enacted with serene perfection. The screenplay  is without flaw. The cinematography, direction, etc... It will create in  you a true love for The Western, single-handedly. If that love is already  there, and you haven't seen this movie...where have you been?
0792838637|3.0|The movie is fine.  And there's probably a lot more on this DVD than almost any mainstream release.  But there is one truly annoying feature.  There is an alternate storyboard feature with this DVD.  And suddenly  there's this little drawing above the wide screen version of the film,  which means you can click to see how it was alternately story boarded.   Well Whoopdee Doo!   This becomes truly annoying.  Like watching television  when both the network and the local station decide to superimpose their  logos and you've got a storm coming to town. The other features make it  worthwhile to purchase this special edition.  But hopefully future  &quot;producers&quot; will learn that this particular feature is not  something a viewer wants &quot;always on&quot;.  It might be nice to use  when reviewing commentary tracks etc.  But as part of the normal viewing  screen. . .it's terrible.
6300268470|5.0|The 2nd movie I think of when I think of favorite Westerns (the 1st is Liberty Valence), a thoughtful early &quot;buddy&quot; movie; with real humor as well as real depth. We are offered heroes to emulate, who have  real weaknesses with which we can empathize. Utterly entertaining, due to  the perfect balance of elements.
0792839846|5.0|stands with GWTW as one of the most powerful and moving romantic motion pictures of all time
6302181569|5.0|There's something so science-fiction perfect to the central idea of this one, which is so subtly and so expertly pulled off. Imagine--a monster you can't see, and that you definitely can't stop--because it's...I won't give  it away, sorry. I will say that Shakespeare would've approved.
0553278223|5.0|I absolutely loved the Martian Chronicles the first time I read it, perhaps five years ago.  Now that I just finished re-reading it, I'm overwhelmed by all the details, and by the incredible irony of a destroyed  alien civilization.  From the first page to the last, this book captures  me.  Hunamity is so incredibly destructive, that even the world itself is  destoyed.  And humanity is so incredibly stupid, it doesn't see what's  coming.   Irony abounds, from chapters to the whole book.  Humans come to  Mars, and are killed by Martians.  As a result of their contact, the entire  martian civilzation is destroyed by the chicken pox.  Of all possible ways  to die.  The humans who come over, for the most part, have little regard  for the ancient cities.  The settlers wanted to get away from sifling  Earth, but wind up destoying  the last few traces of Martian civilization.    If you like your view of humanity to always be rosy, forget this book.   You'll hate it.  But if you're willing to get a glimpse into the possible  future, don't pass this book up.
B00000DHTF|5.0|Thanks Bruce for exposing your soul - after carefully crafting and shaping your career with well thought out releases, it takes guts to pour it all out. I bought Tracks on the day it came out - can't get it out of my disc  player. The first disc takes me back to my first Bruce show in 75. Probably  my favorite singe disc released in years (by anybody). Every time I listen  to &quot;Seaside Bar Song&quot; or &quot;Thundercrack&quot; I get a rush  that I thought wouldn't come any more from listening to fresh Rock n roll.  There are gems on the other discs as well. Considering that Springsteen's  career has taken so many turns over the years it is only natural that  favorite discs of this set will vary. Of course all songs will not measure  up to the original album releases - remember these ARE outakes. But, it is  amazing that so many of these outakes can measure up to the best rock n  roll released in the 90's. Hopefully, future releases with encore numbers  like &quot;The Promise&quot; and more alternate versions of previously  released material will be forthcoming. Enjoy!
6304576935|5.0|I give STAR TREK FIRST CONTACT five stars!!! and here's why. CAPTIN PICARD and CREW are great when they deal with the latest threat from the BORG also I found ALICE KRUGE to be an excellent TREK villian as the BORG QUEEN. The  diolouge between her and DATA  is memorable you'll see what I mean. ALFRIE  WOODWARD and JAMES CROMWELL are awsome as well in thier respective roles  too. This film I would rank up there with STAR TREK II and STAR TREK VI as  one of the best trek films ever. ALL I can say is JHONOTHAN FRAKES GREAT  JOB!!! on your directorial debut good luck in the future.
0151002002|5.0|Charles Dickens writes this story in such detail that you almost believe you have just enjoyed Christmas dinner at the Cratchits home.  The characters have so much depth.  The made for t.v. or movie screen  renditions do not truly depict what Ebenezer Scrooge witnesses with the  three spirits that causes such a change in his outlook on life. Such as  Scrooge's emotions being quickened by the past heartache in his childhood;  seeing how his bad choices caused the hardening of his heart and how deeply  it cost him in the end; seeing what could have been his to enjoy and then  thinking it could still be his with the Spirit of Christmas Present only to  find out the future does not hold any love or joy for him by the Spirit of  Christmas Yet to Come and instead his actions leave him robbed at death and  no one left to grieve for him.  Read the book to hear how this story was  really written.  Even if you have seen every Christmas Carol movie every  made, the book will offer so many gold nuggets that you will think you are  hearing it for the very first time. Pictures are beautifully detailed  throughout the book.  Excellent!!!
B000006GDB|4.0|This sequel to Suspiria contains many well lit and exorbitant set-pieces, including a haunting underwater scene that owes an obvious debt to Mario Bava.  Artsy and gory, with off-kilter techno music.
0140277447|5.0|A few years ago there were some who wanted to present Japan as the victim of aggression, trying to preserve its way of life.  Now comes a young writer, who, while not discussing the above concepts, provides a different  picture of the Japanese.<br />In Nanking, the killing of so many by sword and  rifle can only be described as barbaric.  The debate must now consider the  official policy of Imperial Japan towards the conquered peoples of Asia.  A  superb book that should be read by everyone interested in supporting human  rights.
B00000DHTF|5.0|It is scary to think that one artist's rejected or unused material can be this superior to almost anything else in pop/rock music today. Don't give up on disc 4 - the subtle power of these songs sink in after a few  listenings. Thanks Bruce.
6304466498|5.0|I've seen this movie a ton of times, and it still cracks me up.  A great flick to watch when you can't find just the right rental at the video store.  This is definitely a classic for anybody who owns any videos.  It  should be included with the purchase of any VCR!!
B00000AFWW|4.0|Hole's Celebrity Skin cuts close to the bone for those of us who have lived the LA life or been part of the &quot;celebrity&quot; scene.  However, you don't have to be an Angeleno to appreciate the band's  incredible melodies and Courtney Love's lyrics.  Celebrity Skin is not  another Live Through This and therein lies the beauty of this cd.  I love  Live Through This but been there done that.  Those who complain about  Hole's musical shifts and changes should remember true artists don't stay  the same---they evolve.  I strongly recommend this cd because few cds offer  this kind of variety and God forbid substance.
6302597544|5.0|AC/DC decided to film this video before they all lost their hair and it's a good thing that they did cuz Guitarist Angus Young has lost most of it in the last 3 years..  The video rocks! AC/DC plays a lot of their old stuff  that they did with Bon Scott and the new stuff too. It's a must see video  if you like hard rockin guitar riffs!!! Check this out!
B000002UTK|5.0|OK, so perhaps the songs are long, but that is a GOOD thing if you really like PSB.  I can, however, say this.  The remix to 'Always on my Mind' is FANTASTIC.  I bought the CD because i love that song.  I just always loved  the beginning of the 7&quot;, you know that loud, powerful sythesizer?   Well, I listened for the first time to this remix and for the first 3 or 4  minutes, I liked what i heard, but I was a bit upset that they left that  GREAT intro out.  THEN, towards the 2nd half of the track, it came on, full  Force, and the energy at that point is phenominal!!  yOu  will adore the  last 3 minutes of this track.  Seriously, for avid fans, it is totally  worth it, if only for that piece of that song.  The rest of the album is  pretty good, maybe a bit lethargic in areas, but when it gets good, it is  GREAT!!!
0767802519|5.0|I loved the Professional in the theaters. It's not your typical Hollywood action flick. There is so much depth to the characters. There is more than enough action to keep the ride going, but there is so much more going on. I  bought the pan and scan VHS version of the movie when it came out and was  sickened by the horrible transfer. Whoever was incharge of the transfer  should have been sacked. I haven't watched the Pan and Scan side of this  DVD so I don't know if it suffers from the same problems, but the  widescreen version is beautiful.
0783225733|5.0|I have seen the VHS version many times, and I never get sick of it.  The DVD version of it makes for a completely new experience.  The sound and picture quality is wonderful.  The movie itself is great, and the quality  is fantastic.
B000002KAT|5.0|Time and again, critics have attempted to place Van Morrison's masterwork &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; in some tradition--folk, jazz, blues, gospel.  In truth, Morrison interweaves strains of all of these various musics, adds a  dose of the mystic, and fabricates a completely unique synthesis.  No one  has approached this album's grace and beauty since--not even Morrison  himself, who has made some fine albums over the last 30 years (&quot;St.  Dominic's Preview,&quot; &quot;The Healing Game&quot;).  Here, he takes a  set of beautiful songs--&quot;Sweet Thing,&quot; &quot;Ballerina,&quot;  &quot;Madame George&quot; and the title tune stand out--and gives them a  treatment so explosive it was unprecedented at the time.  Not even soul  giants such as Otis Redding and Sam Cooke had ever approached the brilliant  scatting elasticism of Van's vocal improvisations.  A keenly observed  song-cycle complete with character vingettes and a lightly-sketched story,  as well as perhaps the only true religious document ever to be released  under the guise of &quot;rock music,&quot; &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; is one  of the most emotionally harrowing and transcendent albums ever.  Sink  yourself into Van's cityscapes, and let his voice wrap around you.  This is  the Man's finest hour.
0451160916|5.0|It was a good book but, it took a long time for it to get intersting.  At the same time it was great at the begining.  I get so interested in Stephen King's books.  It is hard to put one of his books down once you start it.   When you read this, or any other book of his you will feel the same way I  do about his wrting.  I garuntee it.
B0000026UV|5.0|If you could imagine what it might be like to have Chet Atkins and Mark Knoeffler play together in your living room, this is as close as it gets. The songs have a casual, relaxed feel while at the same time their amazing  talents are openly displayed. It you like either one of these guys, buy  this CD.
0783229321|3.0|What can you say...classic Belushi in what was a hit comedy when it came out.  However, the film did not make the jump to DVD without some problems.  It appears the studio had a less than prestine master copy from which to  master the disk- sound quality is OK at best, and there are several  occasions of severe pixelization where the digital sampling of the analog  movie somehow got hosed up.  Still a good movie, just don't expect to use  this one to show off how great DVD is as a home movie format....
B000001G89|5.0|Selecting a recording of Carmen is like going to the ice cream shop-so many flavors, but they are all ice cream, or yogurt, or sherbet. The combination of singers in this release is my favorite Carmen flavor, while  the orchestral and choral work supporting them is outstanding. The attitude  Berganza brings to the title role elevates Carmen from a stereotype to a  challenging and complex individual. The one disappointment was in the liner  notes: Ms. Berganza's fine essay on Carmen that had graced the original LP  release is omitted here. The essay was well worth reading, but it's the  only thing I find missing with this Carmen.
080013558X|4.0|Watched this with my 5 &amp; 7 year old children.  I agree that it may be a little claustrophobic due to the adaptation to TV format, but the music and story are still wonderful.  My children enjoyed it as well.  My only  disappointment -- the few unnecessary words of profanity.
B0000027I6|4.0|The music grows on you. I bought this CD recently (about three months ago). Each passing week, my frequency of listening to this CD has gone up. The opening song is smooth, but my personal favorite was The Three Wishes.  Exhibits some depth in thought. Overall, a good album. Wouldnt it be a  dream come true if Waters reunited with Floyd?
6304819935|5.0|The Evil Dead was an instant classic, but the sequel Evil Dead 2 Dead By Dawn made this series a cult following. I originally saw this on the Big Screen and my friends and I were the only ones Laughing our guts out while  the rest of the audience was screaming!!! An all around good time.  If you  love GREAT HORROR! SEE THIS FILM AGAIN AND AGAIN!!!
B000007NYS|5.0|For years I had occasionally thought of buying a Lucinda Williams CD, but could never decide which one.  The songs I was familiar with were split over several albums and EP's.  When this re-issue came out I bought it  immediately.  This was several months ago, and the CD is still my most  played.  Wow!  Every song is an instant favorite.  Anyone who has been in  relationships can connect with Lucinda's lyrics and the heartache in her  voice.  I've been recommending this CD to everyone I know.  Especially  strong lyrically are Side of the Road, The Night's too Long and the  previously unreleased Sundays.  Big Red Sun Blues, Passionate Kisses and I  Just Wanted to See You So Bad will have you singing along.
6303921248|5.0|I have seen it lots and lots of times and I never tire of it.  I have read the book and was thrilled to find it so true to the written story.  True, it is a long movie, but never has anyone I have recommended it to called it  boring or slow.  It's not just a chic flic.  My boyfriend and father have  watched and enjoyed it.  I was so happy to find it on Amazon.com! Now I  don't have to rent it from my library anymore!
6303402348|4.0|No one could have done as good of a job as Tom Hanks.  If you were a teenager in the 60's you will enjoy the memories of the events of the decade, It's amusing how they were able to have Forest Gump be part of most every major event of the 60's.  Then again it also shows how even the less fortunate can make an impact on society.  Great story, leaves you feeling good and sad at the same time
B0000039QP|3.0|I don't know why this album is so critically acclaimed. It isn't near the effort that he put into &quot;Ready to Die&quot;. Notice that many of the songs on Ready to Die are not produced by Puff Daddy, but rather Chucky  Thompson, and Easy Moe Bee. This second album is infected by Puff Daddy,  which is bad news. He does not come with the raw, clever lyrics like the  first one. The albums content gets 3 stars, but the title and the timing of  this album gets 5 stars because of the coincidence with his death. It is a  shame that he died, but also a shame that his final album was like this.  Peace to the real hip-hop.
0792839129|5.0|Sally Ann Howes looks &amp; sounds lovely.  Some of the songs (&quot;Hushabye Mountain,&quot; &quot;Truly Scrumptious,&quot; &quot;Toot Sweets&quot;) are better than others (&quot;You're My Little Choochi  Face&quot; &quot;Posh&quot;).  Gorgeous scenery - filmed in parts of  England &amp; at the stunning Nueschweitzen Castle in Germany.  I have  wonderful memories of seeing this as a child. Special effects are so-so  (lots of back-projection) but what do you expect in the age before the  effects of the movie &quot;2001&quot;? Recommended!
0767804724|5.0|Action-packed thriller that deserves every star I've given it.  Harrison Ford turns the non-believable role of a punching, shooting president to an exciting, lovable character that makes your dad jealous!5 stars and a  little bit more!
0316779237|1.0|I am a huge fan of David Sedaris, and bought this as a possibly subversive Xmas gift for several of my friends. However, the story that includes the mindless death of an infant is not strong enough to justify the really  shocking events of the story. Hey -- I like biting satire, but this story  isn't good enough to carry it off. This one story really ruins the book for  me -- it's a pretty crass attempt to shock, and it backfires. Sure, Sedaris  has the right to write it, but prospective readers have the right to be  warned.
6300214753|5.0|This is the funniest movie I've ever seen. Ferris and Campton are deserve an Oscar. You'll fall off your chair and you won't be able to climb back up!
6305169187|5.0|Bear was the best person in the entire movie. Everybody liked Rockhound and AJ. Bruce Willis was astonishing. Definetly one of the best of the year. Are favorite scene was when Harry was reading their demands to  Truman.
B000002KYK|1.0|Way back in 1984, after seeing \\"Blade Runner\\" many times at a college theater, I tracked down what I thought was the soundtrack to Ridley Scott's eye-popping film. It was a big mistake, since the sounds that emerged from this record bore little resemblance to Vangelis' music. Since then I've bought the official Vangelis score, but on occasion the New American Orchestra version creeps back into my memory. Some things take a while to get over! Vangelis, you made us wait a long time... but it was worth it.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I really enjoyed Alanis's new CD.  It was very powerful and the meanings of the lyrics were very deep and thought provoking.  I liked Jagged Little Pill, but this one does not possess the kind of anger that JLP did.  My  favorites are The Couch, ThankU, Unsent, and Would Not Come.
0790729628|3.0|After reading the reviews posted here, I am glad that I am not alone when I say that the original cut of the movie was better.   We all know why, everyone else here has said it already.  DVD has its advantages over the  standard VHS format and deserves its credit, not the movie.  I will be  forced to watch the DVD version and my VHS version of the European cut  until the it comes in it  'correct' format.  Now I need a DVD ram to put my  'original' cut onto disc before my tape is worn out due to watching it too  frequently.
B000001DTM|5.0|After Listening to this CD many hundreds of times I am convinced that the sound will never stale.   I make long trips at night and when I am tired I just slip in Achtung Baby and get alert. I know this is a great rock album,  but somehow think of it as some kind of ancient classic. Every vocal,  guitar, bass, and drum note is always perfect. U2 was always a great band.  But this CD is their greatest achievement.  Nobody will ever top this, I'm  sure.
0609603086|1.0|I read this book with morbid fascination. I was hooked; just how bad could this get? It truely plumbs the depths of awful pop literature. No doubt about it, it was written to be sold as an Action Flick! Miss the book...  Miss the Movie; Don't Encourage Mr. Follett any further, please.
0805017305|5.0|Anyone who is PROUD to be an American should read this book.  I feel your opinion may change dramatically!  We should be ashamed of the manner in which we have treated the natives of this country.  Every effort should be  made to improve their situation.
B000002IZM|4.0|Vangelis' original music for &quot;Blade Runner&quot; is a treat after years of waiting (I believe that the intricacies that went into making the film were echoed in releasing the soundtrack... fans be darned, I suppose).  The only sags in the texture are some previously unreleased tracks that  didn't go into &quot;Blade Runner&quot;. And, worst of all, the beautiful  harp music heard during Roy Baty's visit to the Eye World is missing, as is  the brief but touching &quot;atmosphere&quot; bit during Deckard's  Voigt-Kampf session with Rachael. But still, there's no one like Vangelis  for this kind of sound... the thinking man's Yanni.
3895086894|5.0|This is my favorite of several hundred great books I have read. I was prejudiced towards all that Jane Austen had written when I picked this 815 page book up in 1996, and I later had to admit that Thackeray outdid Jane  in many ways. The best aspect of the book was the way in which the supposed  main character, Becky Sharpe, lost her status as having been the main  character by the time the book ended. The good people became the main  characters. This brilliant twist in novel writing was later to be seen in  &quot;Daniel Deronda&quot; and in &quot;Gone With the Wind&quot;. Which  leads to an interesting point: I feel too many Americans think that  Margaret Mitchell meant to portray Scarlett Ohara as the heroine right down  to the end of the latter novel. I think that it was clear that Melanie was  the real &quot;Mensch&quot; all along. Many people go so far as to suggest  that the latter novel was actually copied off of Vanity Fair.
0767811038|5.0|The subtext is important in this one.  Verhoeven takes a post-'Independence Day'-bug-bad-guy imperative and creates a movie that works at more than one level.  See if you can catch the reference to 'Total  Recall' which makes one wonder exactly what strings the 'Games and Theory'  branch of the armed forces are pulling and when.  Delve into what might  make a fascist utopia tick or just enjoy the song at the prom, the shower  scene, actor Marshall Bell's Jack Nicholson impersonation or just a bunch  of nasty enemy bug killing.  Not even the Nazis can give us so loathesome  of a foe and I'll bet you no one can give more life to this novel by  Heinlein.  What's the moral?  I don't want to give that away, it's too much  fun trying to decide but... you've gotta watch it at least 3 times.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I bought this Cd for Pretty Fly (for a white guy) but I found lots of other cool songs that I love listening to, and plus it has an awesome extra when you put it into your computer! You can Karaoke to three of the songs,  plus watch parts of music videos! This cd is definately worth the money!
0671520784|5.0|If I had to choose one book from the whole world of literature to call my dearest favorite, this would be it.  There is no book more filled with the frank goodness of human nature and the possibilities of joy.  This book has  been a Christmas tradition in my family for years.  Charles Dickens not  only presents an entertaining story, but a philosophy of joy and goodwill.
B000002J09|5.0|Perhaps the best out of all of the albums.  Stairway, Black Dog, and Misty are the best on the track but all the songs are worth listening to.  Covers all types of music from Blues to good old Rock'n'roll.  If you only want to  get one Cd instead of the box set this would probably be your best choice
B0000039PW|5.0|This is a must. This album is incredible- you have to have it. It is just laced with dope beats and hype lyrics. I can not say enough about the album or biggie's ability to rap.
6302038308|5.0|Subsequent sequel (w/the 1st 7 min. being an intentionly slack recap of the 1st film, NOT Ash returning to the same cabin w/a new girlfriend with the same name contrary to popular belief) follows Ash right where the 1st  left off still trying to get out of the haunted woods. Maniac camera work,  gore-galore, and a campy peformance from the legendary Bruce Campbell  highlight this halarious piece of gore cinema not matched until Dead Alive  in 1992.
B0000000LI|5.0|One of my best from amonsgt several hundreds of New Age CD collection that I have.  Lush and artistic blend of instruments.  Karen Briggs is absolutely marvelous on the violin.  Yanni brings a new esoteric life in  music.  You simply cannot afford to miss this one!
B000000WCA|4.0|I enjoy this fresh beat and so do my own 2 little spice girls,Gabrielle and Allegra(7&amp;5 yrs.old). I think this group will survive as long as  Madonna! They are no flash in the pan.I am looking foward to the next C.D.
6305095566|5.0|Sam Raimi's 1979 college project becomes one of the scariest and grossest horror films of all-time as 5 friends search for serenity and solitude at an isolated cabin in the woods but instead find malcontentmaent and  macabre. A perfect example of creativity using an extreme low budget and no  film since has been able to create the ambient terror that this film did.  Was the bloodiest film until Dead Alive but still may be the grossest.  Excellent camera work (later aped by other director's in more prominent  films). Followed by two sequels which were more on the comedy/horror side  but excellent nonetheless. Don't jump on the bandwagon with all of those  Scream/I Know What You Did Last Summer fans, and check out the original  camp/gore fest.
0964385619|5.0|Just finished this book. Fantastic!!!! If I had read this at age 25 I would be worth many times over what I am now. The simple underlying values conveyed in the book are the stuff millionares are made of.
6302798450|5.0|Abondaning his horror background for an all out Three Stooges-slapstick-camparoma Raimi delivers one the the funniest films I've ever seen. Halarious one-liners, goofy instead of scary demons,  intentionally cheesy effects, Raimi's trademark direction and the ever  campy Bruce Campbell make this a great 2nd sequel. Once again the recap of  the previous entry contradicts the original ending but there is a case to  be made of that. If you can look for the special edition (only released in  Japan and Austrlia so it's HARD to find) which includes some new footage  and the UK ending as an after credits bonus. Evil Dead 4: Flesh and Blood  is rumored to be in the making. Please let it be true!!!!
0399128964|5.0|The Dune anthology is a classic work of the imagination.  Herbert crafts a new world that will send you on a sci-fi power trip.  I reccomend this to anyone who can take two or three chapters of introduction.  It is great!!
0553573403|5.0|A GAME OF THRONES is a truly magical book.  The content is sometimes overtly magical; the book starts with one of the most horrifying depictions of the undead I have ever encountered, and closes with ths songs of  dragons.  More often the magic is subtle; omens and dreams and hints of  magical beasts and legendary races.  But the true magic is in the  characters.  This is a book with many key characters, all complex and  intricately drawn, and realistic.  Even the most noble of the heroes are  flawed, but in ways that make them seem drawn from life, not just cribbed  from the ranks of quirky and tragic fantasy characters.  Martin has done a  magnificent job. As fantastic literature, I rank this novel with the best:  Tolkien, Ellison, Bester, Herbert's original DUNE. But I also find it hard  to believe anybody that enjoys reading intelligent, mature fiction of any  genre would not be able to appreciate this book.  I rank A GAME OF THRONES  among the very small list of books by a very diverse group of authors of  all genres that I consider my all-time favorites.  And I anxiously await  the follow-up, A CLASH OF KINGS, which I have already pre-ordered via  Amazon.<br />Some reviewers have commented negatively about the  sometimes-explicit sexuality of this book, and while I do not share their  discomfort with this aspect of the work, I do concede that some may agree  with them. IMHO, the sexuality which pervades this book is important to the  feel of the setting, the flow of the plot, and the development of the  characters; as is often the case in reality, sexual matters are an  important part of the lives of some of these characters.  Even if you are  uncomfortable with overt sexuality in literature, I feel you would do  yourself a disfavor by skipping this book.  For all but the most prudish of  mature readers, I recommend this book without reservation.
B00000DC4A|5.0|Adams has written with Lange for about 8 years and has cranked out pop hits (4 albums to date I think)- albeit some were thanks to pop movies.  Now on his own, he is back to orginal Adams talent. This album has style  and quality.  It evokes originallity and modern diversity while maintaining  a pop rock centre piece. - Adams just gets better with age.
B000002N25|4.0|I have just received this CD and gave it a few listens. An overall good opus from Mr Knopfler. In my book, he is one of the great guitarists in the world, no doubt about it. He has a unique style and great talent for melody  (&quot;Cannibals&quot;, &quot;Golden Heart&quot;). &quot;Brothers In  Arms&quot; was a masterpiece. Shades of it appear on this CD. His melodies  grow up on you with time and stay forever. The lyrics are not always  strong, nor the voice. But he is true to himself. And this CD adds another  chapter and a few great tunes to his already impressive catalog. Must I add  that I love that steel guitar sound ! Keep up the good work, Mark. And pay  your fans a treat: a Dire Straits all-studio box set with book and personal  notes. Add some of your solo work also, if possible. My wish for the New  Year ! Paul LeBoutillier
B00000FCBC|5.0|Although not their original ideas, the band puts their monstrous signature on every song. This album shows the eternal longevity of Rock &amp; Roll.  The songs MetallicA covers sound as original as they did years ago. This  collection of rarities is a must have for any MetallicA fan.  Eg. Breadfan,  stone cold crazy etc. Have you been able to find a copy of Garage Days  Revisited (the $5.98 EP)???  Well it is here in its entirety, and it sounds  a hell of a lot better than on the re re re recorded tape you might finally  get your hands on.   Their new covers reveal just how true the band has  been to their roots from the very beginning.  Thin Lizzy, Black Sabbath,  Diamondhead, Motorhead; all get the pure interpretation of guitar, drums  and a throaty growl from James, that the band has become famous for. Keep  kickin' ass boys!!
B000006NPY|4.0|When I first bought this album I didn't much care for it,I just went back listening to Siamese Dream or Mellon Collie..., But without warning the album kind of crept up on me,I found myself listening to every song and  loving every minute of it. Certain people will hate this CD, but if your a  fan of their b-side stuff and compilation songs you'll have no problem with  it.Overall Adore is a masterpiece, and if you give it the time it deserves  you'll love it as much as I do.
0394721144|5.0|I discovered this cookbook several years ago and, at least gastronomically, it changed my life forever.  The recipes are broken down into the absolute simplest steps possible.  The sauces are phenomenal.  One  can finally appreciate the notoriety that French cooking has (deservedly)  earned by preparing and tasting any of these recipes.  Julia has confirmed  me as a French cooking fan!
B00000F1D3|5.0|You won't get dissapointed.  This is the best music I've heard from Cher ever!  The best songs: All or Nothing, Strong Enough and the title track.
6302798450|4.0|Zany 3rd installment of Sam Rammi's &quot;Evil Dead&quot; trilogy mixes horror and camp in just the right proportions. The Harryhausen style special effects are a hoot, making this the most enjoyable in the series.
0394810112|5.0|I love Charlie and the Chocolate factory, I've read it three times.  I even read it to my six year old brother.  It is very creative and imaginative.  I love the Oompaloompas! When you read this book  I really recomend having some chocolate near by because the book is so  descriptive when talking about chocolate it gives you the urge to eat some  chocolate! It's one of the best books that I've ever read! I really  recomend it.
B000007O9L|5.0|This is the best live Stones album since Get Yer Ya Ya's Out.  Mick Jagger has never sounded better.  There is a great version of Memory Motel with Dave Matthews (and Keith Richards) and a good mix of old favorites and new  Stones tunes.  A must for every Stones fan.
6305177473|4.0|Here is a comparison between the old and the new Parent Trap. I love both of them, and the acting is fabulous on the parts of Lindsay Lohan and Haley Mills. (Elaine)Meredith needs a little work on acting and on being like  Vicki from the old Parent Trap. The mom, dad, and Vicki in the old Parent  Trap act better than Meredith, the mom, and the dad in the new Parent Trap.  If I could, I would give it 4 and 1/2 because it needs only a little work  on the acting.(only the dad, mom, and Meredith). Though, I really, really,  really like the charachters Martin, Jessie, Annie and Hallie. I really like  how they made Martin so hilarious. I really like Lindsay Lohan, and the  people who play Jessie and Martin. All in all, it was a brilliant beyond  brilliant (Hallie said that!) movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0790733226|5.0|Not only is Contact an awesome movie all on its own, it is hands down the first DVD that should be purchased after the player. As a matter of fact I think all DVD companies should put this DVD in with the player! The extra  clips on the making of Contact, including the computer generated graphics,  is awesome.
0553565915|4.0|This true experience makes us feel more confident about ourselves, about what is going to happen 'afterwards'. I received a peaceful relief in my heart and tranquility after reading it.  Yes, indeed, there is someone that  really loves us up there.
6305234760|1.0|I saw this performance in Bejing, and this video in no way reflects what I saw. Some scenes are out of focus, there are no long shots which give a sense of space and place. The direction is totally haphazard, with no  continuity of shots. It is so horrible to watch, that I was distracted to  the point where I could hardly listen. The cast is ok, but totally  undistinguished. If you love or don't know Turandot, this video is to be  avoided at all costs.
B000008H1R|5.0|This one must've come to me at the right time. It means more to me than any other. Never before has a work of art been so underestimated. It's possible that I've never listened to it except in its entirety--no other  work defines &quot;concept album&quot; better. I love this music and always  will.
B000002J5K|5.0|The Blues Brothers are awsome! From their black suits and cool shades to rocking with Aretha Franklin in a diner, this CD has all you ever wanted in a blues masterpiece. The movie was one of the funniest ever also. I think  Belushie  and Akroid are the best pair of blues singers on earth (sorry  Aretha). You wont be able to get these toons out of your head. It's a must  buy for any real blues fan!
0767802659|5.0|Starship Troopers is fantastic. Don't believe those political-correctness-people who say it's fascist, militant or dumb. It mocks fascism and makes fun of the military the same way 'Aliens' did - by  letting those pretty boys &amp; girls become nothing more than  alien-fodder. Despite their 'mighty' weapons. It's a highly intelligent  movie (perhaps too intelligent for the average US-movie-goer who is below  20 years old) and far away from the mainstram-crap that was 'Lost in  Space'. Starship Troopers belongs to the best sci-fi ever. Only the Star  Wars trilogy, 2001, Aliens and the Fifth Element can compete. And the DVD?  O.k. you have to swap it to see the special features - but that's the only  drawback. The trailer is definitely the best trailer of the 90's - and  already worth the money. Buy it!!
B000001FKY|5.0|This album, sometimes known as the album that Def Leppard &quot;sold out&quot; on, is beyond any of their work up to and since.  I've listened to this CD so much there are grooves in it!  If your collection is missing  this disc, invest!  <br />I know some people who didn't like this album  because it was too &quot;pop&quot;... how can you not jump around listening  to &quot;Rocket&quot; &quot;Animal&quot; &quot;Pour Some...&quot; with Rick  Allen's deep beats, the twin guns of Steve and Phil, the overshadowing base  of Rick Savage, and Joe's melodical &quot;screaming&quot; vocals with the  trademark Def Leppard backgrounds? Classic Lep that never ages!
0783226063|4.0|O.K. - the book is better (even if I don't like such comparisons) but Lynch's film is a masterpiece nevertheless. On DVD you can finally see its qualities in widescreen and crystal-clear.
0380018179|5.0|People say that this book is for women, and especially for those who like romantic stories. Don't believe them! I am a man and hate romances, but this one was just splendid, magnificent, superb etc.! I read it in Russian  and in English, and just love both.
B000001F95|5.0|I enjoy many different types of music and was intrigued to first hear this in a music store in California. It is the sound track from an obscure movie called &quot;Cal.&quot; I recognized the Mark Knopfler/Dire Straits guitar  on several cuts but there is also a very haunting Celtic feel. This is a  relaxing, peaceful, soothing CD, one of my favorites.
0609603086|1.0|I've read all of Follet's previous books and enjoyed all of them.  The Hammer of Eden, however, is disappointing.  The central character, a former criminal turned cult-leader, is not very bright or engaging.  In fact, all  of the characters, except the FBI agent and her father, seem  one-dimensional and lifeless. Her mean-spirited bosses are cartoons.  They're not real or believable.  The story centers around the cult-leaders  attempts at stopping the governor of California from destroying the land  that is occupied by the wine-producing commune.  The cult-leader steals a  &quot;seismic vibrator&quot; and induces earthquakes.  Somehow, it just  doesn't ring true. Follet seemed to phone this one in.  Too bad, Hammer of  Eden had all the ingredients of a great thriller.
6303913881|4.0|I remember hearing all the schlock about this film when it first came out. As a bad movie fan I couldn't wait for it to come out on video to see for myself. Well, being female and all, I was a bit offended by the way women  are portrayed in this movie. Almost every woman is a lesbian or bisexual,  oversexed and kinky, drugged out and boozy slut with the exception of the  main characters best friend who is an angel and of course ends  the victim  of a brutal attack. I caught the movie again on cable and then found myself  enjoying the sheer badness of the whole thing. The fact that this film cost  about $40 million dollars to make and was written by the one and only Joe  Esterhaz added to fun. The main character, Nomi, insists through the whole  2 hour and 15 minute running time that she is not a whore even though she  looks like one, talks like one and acts like one. Then there is scene where  Nomi and her rival Crystal bond by  talking about how much they once liked  to eat &quot;Doggy Chow&quot;. Then there is God-awful tacky Vegas act  called &quot;Goddess&quot; featuring the leather S&amp;M lesbian show.  Trust me, you have to see it to believe it.
6304613199|3.0|Okay, so this sequel makes the first film look like a masterpiece in comparison, but I still enjoyed most of the movie. It has some great special effects and a literal cliff-hanger sequence that was nail biting.  But then you get to the corny gymnastics sequence and everything goes  downhill from there. Some great actors do their best with what they have:  Jeff Goldblum, Julianne Moore, Vince Vaughn, Pete Postelthwaite and Peter  Stormare are all great. But did Goldblums character really need a daughter?  She brought down the movie with every scene that she was in. Her character  was totally unnecessary. This movie is worth a look or two, but that's  about it.
B000002AOD|5.0|Its just about the perfect blend of modern Big Band and Latin jazz.  The Suite Sandrine trak is a must!!!
B00000ADG2|5.0|i love this Cd.  This is a collection of work by someone who is really talented and gifted.  Keep up the good work!!!!!!!!!!!
B00000ADG2|5.0|Contrary to popular opinion, it's not all about the benjamins, baby. Lauryn, sweet Lauryn, has released a work of art so fresh, so unique, so different than what is heard currently on urban radio. Sadly, much of it  probably won't ever garner air play. But the female Fugees vocalist proves  she's not only a prolific song writer, but music arranger and producer.  Just listen to &quot;When it Hurts So Bad,&quot; not to mention, &quot;Doo  Wop.&quot; &quot;To Zion,&quot; I believe is the best track, since it deals  with a mother's confusion and indecision about whether to keep a child. Her  soaring vocals on that track are enuff to get you in church on Sunday  morning. But, hey! I am a sentimental, ole, fool. Bottom line: this is a  disc well-worth adding to your collection.
0380789019|2.0|I've always enjoyed the Sandman comics, and that prevented me from reading this novel when it was first released; just because Gaiman can write a superb comic, does that mean he can write a good novel? After reading it,  my answer is no.  It's very unfortunate, however, because his protagonist,  Richard Mayhew, is very well characterized, and quite funny at times.  I  had a hard time understanding just what the point of this novel was.  My  guess: it's a version of those D&amp;D quest-novels I overdosed on back in  the early 80s.  If you suffer from fantasy role-playing burnout such as I  do (since junior high), avoid this book.  Also, I figured Gaiman could be a  bit more creative and avoid the &quot;lost subterranean world&quot;  fall-back setting.
B000001F95|5.0|My husband and I fell in love to this music, listening to the audio cassette until the words were eroded from the tape.  We despaired, not being able to find a copy on CD.  It is simply the most beautiful  instrumental music...for pure listening pleasure, you can't go wrong with a  Mark Knopfler soundtrack interpretation.  Check out the soundtrack to The  Princess Bride, and also the soundtrack to Wag the Dog, also by Mark  Knopfler.  Cal is his best, though.  Wonderful!
6305169187|5.0|This was an incredible movie, no matter what you guys say.  Maybe it was testosterone filled or offended some people, but it was filled with lots of very talented actors.  I cried, and I know lots of others who did too.  It  was good because it appealled to anyone.  You felt for the characters, they  were loveable, and it was well written with some good quips, a lot from  Steve Buscemi.  Ben Affleck added something special too =) WATCH THIS  MOVIE!!!
6303402348|5.0|Such a beautiful movie - reminds you of the power of a positive frame of mind and the security of a love that does not waver.  Every time I catch this movie I leave the experience a better person, even if only for a few hours or days.  Will be a true classic - its themes are timeless
0670880728|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed Helen Fielding's Bridget Jones's Diary.  I started reading it and was laughing out loud, my husband came in to see what was going on.  I could definitely relate to the trials and tribulations of life  as a single woman.  The only down side was translating the English terms  but that was not too difficult.  A must read for all 20 &amp; 30 something  women!
B00000ADG2|5.0|This is the best CD i have. It has been in my CD player since i got it. i am giving it away for presents for Christmas. GET IT! ITS GREAT!!!!
6302517036|5.0|I loved the movie because it had the &quot;boy next door&quot; thrown into a series of events where he not only has to prove that a vampire, who just moved next door to him, exists but has to use all his teenage ingenuity to  stop the vampire(s) from converting his friends into gouls. Roddy Mcdowell  is a great contrast to the teenage scene as a washed up actor turned  vampire killer who with his english accent ads a great flavor to the movie.  The movie is filled with real exotic scenes of sex and night music that  every teenager dreams of!. watch it
B00000DLV1|5.0|Thought it was great. I'd never even heard of Portishead until I strolled into a cd store where it was playing. Really grows on you, the orchestra adds a lot. The lead singer has an amazing voice, it all works.
0790739909|5.0|I really like the idea of angels looking out for us and the way that it was shown was refreshing, this is not just the same run of the mills angel movie.  I also loved the idea that these angels would give up their perfect  non-lives for an earthly love that was so strong that Cages character was  grateful to hold and feel that love only for an instant and didn't regret  it eventhough he was stuck living on earth without it.  This is one of  those movies that really hits you hard after you see it (as well as during)  and are thinking about the whole concept of it and the fierceness of the  feelings evoked from it.
B000002MFE|5.0|I first listened to this CD when I was going through some surgery, and was surprised how much I liked Eric Clapton. I always thought he was some wild, off the wall &quot;rock guitarist&quot;, but I REALLY enjoyed this album,  especially &quot;Tears In Heaven&quot; (a real tear-jerker that comes from  the heart).  My son let me listen to the same (or similar) CD that is  &quot;Plugged&quot;.  No comparison.  I like &quot;unplugged&quot; much  better.  I guess this is more my style.  I'm in my late 50's.
0553280325|3.0|I found much of the book slow, perhaps because of the ornate style of prose that Mr. Bradbury employed. But perhaps he WANTED us to read it slowly, the crafty fellow! The plot was interesting, and the ending clipped  along at a brisk enough pace to salvage things for me.
B00000FCBC|5.0|Great  cd's.  With the speed and agility of Metallica, they easily to a bang up job of the covers, and it's nice to package it all up with Garage days. &quot;Cause I got somethin' to say!!&quot;
080010367X|5.0|I LOVE this movie!!  I like at the beggining where agent Kay cuts the alien's coat open and goes &quot;Mikey?&quot; and chats with him.  I also think it is hilarious when Jay tries to help the pregnant alien and a huge  tentacle grabs him and smashes against the car. Ha!  Here is a funny quote  from M.I.B. &quot;FREEZE MEANS STOP!!&quot;
0790738074|5.0|If you have only one musical in your video collection, this is the one to have!  This version includes a long introductory retrospective (did you know that Shirley Jones was pregnant during the filming?) which is  interesting...but not something you want to watch every time you want the  exuberance of this film.
6301930827|4.0|This alternative reality begins with a nuclear terrorist act against the Soviet Union, which triggers into a nuclear war between U.S. &amp; U.S.S.R. It is up to two Air Force pilots to stop the whole thing, the total nuclear  committment!
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill, possibly the best female artist of the ninties finally released her highly anticipated album. It truly is a piece of art with the first funky track &quot;Ex-Factor&quot; to the soulful duet with Mary. J  Blige &quot;I used to love him&quot;. This brilliant album joins Wyclef  Jean's and Pras Michel's efforts to undoubtedly make The Fugees the most  talented and successful hip-hop band ever.
6302541743|5.0|Maybe I am biased, being from the UK, but anyone who does not find this series very very funny, has lost their funny bone. It is international comedy at it's very best. Forget Tony Robbins for your daily dose of anti  depressant motivation, if you are not laughing hysterically after watching  CLEESE, Robbins has no hope. Recomended without any hesitation.A BRILLIANT  COMEDY MASTERPIECE.
B000002B5L|5.0|It's just crazy how talented the Fugees are. Lauryn, Wyclef and Pras have all recently released their debut albums but this, their second and best piece of work brings all the talents together to make an astounding album.  Wyclef's eccentricity, Lauryn's intimacy and Pras's masculinity are always  their to give a unique feeling every time you hear it. I never grow tired  of listening to this album because of the different styles used. This is a  must buy! So buy it!
0399143904|2.0|If you disliked his Op Center series, you will really dislike this one.  The slowest reading Clancy book to date, it'll put you to sleep.  I've read everything written by Clancy and this is, by far, the most disappointing.
B000003N7K|5.0|This is one of the most beautiful jazz vocal productions that I have ever heard. A nearly seamless dance between Coltrain's horn and Hartman's rich and very mellow voice.  The rest of the band works in perfect complement to  these two.
079073804X|5.0|An excellent movie, in its own respect.  Should definitely be seen by (open-minded) Christians, especially ones who know someone that acts violent / strange for unexplainable reasons.  If you liked Frank Peretti's  &quot;This Present Darkness&quot;, you will probably like the movie.<br />The  DVD extras really round out the movie.  With 75+ minutes of interviews (not  including the commentaries), it is worth owning this classic. It is in the  top 20 grossing films, for good reason.
B000002I7H|5.0|This is what the &quot;fuss&quot; is all about.  If you can only have one Albert King disc (hard to do), THIS IS IT!  Incredible tone, crying, wailing guitar, and a voice like black velvet.  An all killer - no filler -  set of tunes including Oh,Pretty Woman, Crosscut Saw, and Born Under a Bad  Sign.  This album defines the blues.<br />&quot;I'm a cross-cut saw, baby drag  me across your log.&quot;
6304698542|4.0|This is a must for any musical lover's collection.  The DVD format brings out vivid colors and incredible sound unobtainable in tape format.  The special features include many interviews and production notes regarding  contributor's insights into how production decisions were made, including  the infamous accident of the &quot;thrown sweetroll&quot;.  Wide screen  format allows viewer to see the entire film as originally produced.   Subtitles available in English, French, and Spanish (great for getting ALL  the lyrics!).  Watchable over and over!
B000002JOH|5.0|Usually I am ashamed to admit I once listened to metal, now prefering Punk and Hardcore, but this album consistantly gets played on my stereo, hard hitting with lyrics which maintain a level of intellegence far above the  drivel usually found on metal albums, one of my guilty pleasures.
B00000DHRX|5.0|This is the definitve collection of George Michael's solo career.  You will hear songs you know, love, and songs you are gonna love!  This cd is full of number ones, 'classics', and a few surprizes along the away.  It is  amazing both the lyrical and vocal range of George Michael, and the  maturing of his talent is evident throughout.  From his current #1  &quot;Outside&quot; to his first, &quot;A Different Corner&quot;, you will  be moved at times to both tears and to the dance floor. George is funkin'  on this cd and the price couldn't be better! Enjoy!
630398021X|5.0|Strange days,which stars ralph fiennes,juliette lewis,angela basset,tom sizemore,michael wincott and many others,is a stylish,cool,and wild movie.The plot is about an ex-cop(fiennes)who stumbles into murder  involving his ex-girlfriend(lewis)and his best friend or so he  thought(sizemore)along with the murder of a rap star by 2 corrupt cops,one  of them played by the brilliant actor vincent donofrio.Ralph fiennes play  the role of lenny nero brilliantly and superb.And tom sizemore is great as  the crazed killer.The ending is awesome..in fact the whole movie is  excellent.It is one of my favorite,not so in the distance  future,thrillers.Right up there with escape from new york and blade  runner.Katheryn bigelow,who directed,is an excellent filmaker(point  break).If you enjoy the movie,you should also check out the soundtrack.It  has great tunes by peter gabriel,deep forrest,lori carson and many  more.This film is an instant classic.Great casting,great score,great  filming.Great movie.Billy from new jersey....
B000002JPA|5.0|If the path that led you to this review is typical, you either heard about DT from a friend or it came up on some similarities engine when you checked out a progressive rock band.  Who will like this album? 1) intelligent  listeners (those who grin at complexity) 2) skilled &amp; cynical musicians  who despise simplicity. 3) Experienced drummers will find this music an  opiate. 4) All those who ever said, &quot;why aren't there more bands like  KANSAS, RUSH or YES?&quot; 5) Fans of classical music may find this  tolerable  hard rock. If you are considering just one DT album, this is the  one to cut your teeth on.
B000002MU3|4.0|Okay, people seem to be divided in to two schools on this one, just like Up or FOTR. Some love it, some hate it, no middle ground. Except for me. This was the first R.E.M. album I ever bought and at first all I did was  play &quot; What's The Frequency, Kenneth? &quot; again and again. Then one  day I was at home sick and I decided to give the whole thing another go  rather than the  once-I-listened-with-a-bad-set-of-headphones-and-never-again-look.I played  it five times that day. I was hooked. Sure, &quot; What's The Frequency,  Kenneth? &quot; has lost some of its magic [ I do agree with the guy who  said that Bill must be yawning as he taps it out, although it's not that  bad. ] But that dosen't matter, because songs like &quot; Bang And Blame  &quot;, &quot; I Took Your Name &quot;, and &quot; Crush With Eyeliner  &quot; are there to truely rock. Sexy, raucous, funny, and [ dare I say it?  ] intelligent.  Very weird, especially with three ballads thown in for  almost no reason. Still, I get up and shout along with this album whenever  I listen to it, and I hope it does the same for you.
0812931017|4.0|Branson's book is definitely a must for anyone who wants to start a business. It shows how, though the reward will come, it does not come on a silver platter. The work one needs to put into a company is excruiating,  and even agonizing. However, in the end, you get to live life on your own  terms, and that is what counts!
6305078564|5.0|I was amazed at the accurate adaptation of Jane Austin's novel, especially compared to the other two versions I saw. They were not nearly as well done as this was. It's long, but it's worth the time. I watched it several times  and I recommend that others do the same!
6303617719|5.0|I've seen this movie so many times I had to go to Paris to see the sites for myself!  Meg plays a woman &quot;going through a tansition&quot; after her fiance leaves her.  Of course it takes place in Paris.  And Kevin Klein  gives an excellent performance.  Buy the tape just to see the dialouge  between Ryan and Klein on the plane.  It is hillarious!
B00000DHR0|5.0|My favorite is &quot;Don't Save It All For Christmas.&quot;  IUnderstand that Celine wrote this with a young songwriter from New York City.  Keep that songwriting partnership alive!
0783227256|5.0|It was a movie that helped you understand, cry and experience many different emotions. It also helped you to learn about history from a different view point. The writer, director and actors really did there  homework, because the movie made you feel, all the way through. The movie  took time to explore peoples true learning of another culture which they  didn't know nor understand. As the movie progessed they learned and grow to  Love, Respect, Appreciate and Understand each other for the beauty one  another had within. It also instilled the fact of never stop trying to  accomplish something if you really believe in what you are trying to  achieve. Everyone should have taken something from this movie one way or  another becuase it was one of the most inspirational films I have ever  seen. This movie didn't only explore race issues but also human issues and  the fact it was O.K. to believe in what your morales told you was right.  It's a shame that the Acedemy didn't reconize this Film for what it was,  ONE OF THE BEST EVER!!!!!!
630233683X|5.0|Gene Kelly not only stars in this heartwarming, original movie, but he choreographed every dance sequence.  This is a true work of art and proof that a genius can come in any form.  Beautiful dancing, wonderful acting  and an all around perfect story.  Gene Kelly dances effortlessly,  expressing his joy with each tap and leap.  His grace is incredible and  thrilling to watch.  We are lucky that such a talented man ever blessed us  with his vast abilities...the world will miss his masculine approach to  dance and the sheer delight that we feel each time his smiling face comes  on the screen.
0060392584|4.0|From his grandfather in drag, to prematurely ******* in his first sexual encounter, to drug use, wouldn't we all be messed up quite a bit?
B000002UAU|1.0|Just try getting through Mr. Kite or Within You Without you. A condescending middle finger to the fans that appreciated of them as a rock and roll band. By this point in their careers (read:millionaires), the  Beatles knew the cound serve any pretentious **** they wanted. They just  didn't CARE. Search Yoko Ono for the for the complete artistic emasculation  of John Lennon.
0780020685|2.0|This Master work by Kurosawa is butchered to fit into the consumer TV screen. Imagine cuting out half the image of the Mona Lisa, how would you like that. A definate must own but only if it the full aspect ratio. just  say no to 1.33:1, the more we resist it the better off we'll all be.
6302256615|5.0|Tired of movies that are supposed to make you &quot;think&quot;? This unpretensious little gem delivers the pure rush I expect from a movie. Along with Roadhouse, this is one of the Twin Pillars of Patrick Swayze's  career. Oh yeah, try NOT to fall in love with Laura Petty in this movie.
6305177473|5.0|I see that most viewes are from the U.S. Here is the take from Singapore! It's a 'Fab' show, one that will leave you all happy and cheerful once the credits roll. If there was a movie under the 'feel good' catagory, this  would be on top. Lohan is great as the twins, after this show, it gives a  whole new meaning to girl power!<br />A must see!
0790733226|4.0|The DVD version of Contact is by far one of the best DVDs I've seen. It contains some tremendous footage on 'the making of Contact'. There is some tremendous behind-the-scenes included. Watch this in stereo surround for a  true theather experience.
B00000AFFF|4.0|This CD is somewhere between an all-grown-up Imperial Bedroom and a California-style King of America.  All of Costello's great albums start with great songwriting and this one is no exception.  The lyrics and music  fit together seamlessly.  Having said all that, this album would have  earned a 5th star if Burt had loosened his stylistic stranglehold on the  music just a bit.
B000002GFC|5.0|Every song on this CD is spectacular. In this best of... collection, Crwam shows how, at the time, they were the best in the world at what they did. A great CD for a beginning Cream fan. All the great songs are there, but  could include more live songs...
B00000FCBC|1.0|Metallica has a lot of talent and has produced some very good albums in there career, but this is ridiculous.  Metallica is all washed up in there new album, and there last three for that matter.  I wouldn't recomend  buying this CD unless you want to hear some mediocre covers of some even  more mediocre songs.
091581112X|5.0|This book is for those who desire to step beyond the mere comfort of our own discomfort to find a more meaningful, compassionate, joyful life. It is for those who choose to live rather than exist. This book will bring one to  a deeper understanding of the world, themselves and others.  It truly is  inspiring, empowering and believable.
006016848X|2.0|May better have been called \\"John Gray is from Mars, and his wife is from Venus.  Maybe it's the same with you\\", since it appears more based on personal experience than on exhaustive research.  Obviously Dr. Gray was  once himself a self-centered, success-oriented, and sometimes obsessive  individual and wrongly attributes some of it to being a man.  His wife  appears to have been the one who broke the barrier and provided him with a  revelation that inspired the book.  The book is by and large slim on  content; each chapter expresses a single thought in as many different ways  as he can to fill it out.  Perhaps a good book for people who don't have  any real problems, but simply get on each others nerves.  It seems best  suited for educated professionals who have little time for each other,  misplaced priorities, and are sometimes confused or resentful.  It should  not, however, be used as a guide for understanding differences between men  and women.  On the whole it is a tiresome, over-written book to have to  plod through, unless of course it is helpful to you.  Some useful and  positive, but heavily diluted and sometimes oversimplified information  gives this book the rating it gets.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I admit, I'm one of the millions who only grew to listen to and love Radiohead because of the buzz surrounding OK Computer.  I feel it's my duty to contribute my review to this list to thank RH for the music. OK Computer  is simply a stunning album.  The only other album I've ever heard that  affected my so much the first time I heard the songs was Marilyn Manson's  Antichrist Superstar.  Not to say that Manson's album is better, but both  albums are very visceral and hit the listener very hard, although in  different ways. OKC is an album that will get inside your head and have you  climbing up the walls.  It uses the time honored tradition of tension and  release as its framework, with such songs as Paranoid Android and Exit  Music, but also goes in several innovative directions, as on The Tourist  and Karma Police, all without losing commercial appeal. (Thom Yorke has  said he considers it a pop album and Radiohead a pop band who only play  guitars b/c they don't know how to play keyboards.)
B000002OX7|5.0|While studying in law back in 1971, this was my favorite rock album. I was 22. I have purchased this new remastered and extended version. Some 27 years later, the songs have a surprising new freshness. Great riffs,  terrific guitar and drum work, and to top it off Daltry's voice upfront as  pure as could be. Truly a masterpiece that sounds as great, if not better,  in 1998 than it did in 1971.The enclosed notes from Townshend are also  enlightening. His brandy sure did not hurt the final product. Though I have  mixed feelings about some of the added extra tracks, this CD rates 5-star  in my book. Great work stands the test of time. Although I liked Tommy, to  me Who's Next aged better. This one's a must. Paul LeBoutillier
0517201658|5.0|I read this book almost twenty years ago.  I still remember it as one of the best love stories.  The writing is so effective that the reader can feel every heartbreaking moment of Meg's life.  This will even tug at the  heartstrings of men!!  A must -read.  Loved the mini-series too
6303593666|5.0|As a work of pure fiction and fantasy, only believers that &quot;Elvis is alive&quot; would find it credible. History inescapably proves that it was, however, not fiction; the looks of ecstasy on the faces of the particpants  in the rallys could have been staged or faked, but no claims of this have  ever been made. How could a man who was a bum incite the frenzy that the  film (and impartial observations published therafter) have shown he did?  This film adds to fuel to the fire on the greatest enigma of the 20th  Century, but provides no illumination on its causes, but then again, it was  not made to illuminate, but to persuade, and that it does, all too well. A  while back, business publicatons advocated old military writings, such as  &quot;Go Rin No Sho&quot;, and &quot;Vom Krieg&quot;, as guides to modern  business strategy; while morally repugnant, this film is the &quot;how to  do it&quot; on winning by intimidation through acclamation.
0812034465|5.0|This book is my all-time favorite.  I have read it over and over since the first time I was introduced to it as a young teenager.  The characters are real and the story is timeless.  This book moves me every time I read it.   For those of you who haven't read it yet but are about to, I envy you that  first time.
B00000DMJF|2.0|For a 30th Anniversary Limited Edition I expected a lot more. The &quot;newly remastered&quot; sound is nothing spectacular. Sounds way too &quot;sweet&quot; compared to the original LP sound.<br />The packaging is  just awful: the sleeve is white cardboard, not the glossy, coated stock of  the original; the photos have the quality of a decades-old xeroxes, rather  than the crispness of photographs, and the poster reproduction is so small  and poorly printed, you coudn't read the lyrics even with a magnifying  glass.<br />If it wasn't so much trouble, I would probably ask EMI for my  money back.
B000002JSN|5.0|When one thinks of a double album that set the standard for sustained creativity and invenitiveness in rock, inevitably the Beatles 'White Album' comes to mind. But after listening to Physical Graffiti, I think that Led  Zeppelin did the Beatles one better. As masterful as the White Album is, it  does suffer from a lack of focus and a few too many weak songs. Physical  Graffiti, on the other hand, is a collection of 15 songs ranging from  excellent to great. There is simply no letup in brilliance and just plain  good songwriting. Every possible stylistic aspect of Led Zeppelin is in  evidence on this album. 'Ten Years Gone' is absolutely jarring in its  sustained beauty and continuity. The key change between Plant's vocal and  Page's guitar on the line 'And ya knew you would' must be one of the most  exalted moments in all of rock. And above and beyond that, there is the  playing of the musicians. Bonham's playing more than justifies his claim as  rock's greatest drummer, Jones is his usual reliable, consistent self, and  Jimmy Page's guitar playing is quite simply astonishing. Easily the  greatest double album ever released.
B000002LKU|5.0|If you like listening to old country or jazz (vocals) and Mark Knopfler's guitaring, this is a great piece. Has very catchy songs like &quot;Will you miss me&quot; and &quot;Own Sweet Way&quot; and really sweet slow pieces  like &quot;Bewildered&quot; and &quot;Blues Stay Away&quot;. Very  well-paced.
6304510861|3.0|Maybe the point of this movie was to confuse, and maybe that wasn't the point, but none the less it confused the hell out of me.  The style of the film was pretty decent and it was intriguing, but I couldn't make any  scence of the plot.  It there doesn't have to be a plot that makes scence  for you to enjoy a movie and you are happy with style, you might want to  check this movie out.  But be forwarned : This is a very bizare and  disturbing film!
B000002N25|4.0|If you love Dire Straits, you'll like this one. Mark Knopfler pays homage to his roots and then some with this very enjoyable collection of Irish, rock, bit of jazz, country and even Zydeco music. Rudiger is very  atmospheric. The solo in the last song and the lyrics are just great.
6305120706|5.0|the video/dvd expands ever so much on actually viewing it in the theatre! i was in awe of the show; it had me on my feet on 3 seperate occasions. now, with the video version, i was able to really marvel at the make-up,  costumes, and breathtaking choreography. also, all the cast members  assembled here reads like the best of... can anyone else ever perform  &quot;memory&quot; as heart-rending as elaine paige does here? or ken page  as old deuteronomy inviting all to the heaviside layer! a great souvenir of  this classic musical that truly stands on it's own wether or not one has  seen the show.  i heartily recommend it to theatrelovers of all ages. i  guarantee 2 hours of sheer delight.
B000002LCB|4.0|When Mark Knopfler's guitar is first heard during the title track, it just sweeps you away. His musical style (though his guitar playing is a little limited in this album) never fails to captivate me. Its great music to wake  up to or to listen to on a cold day with ahot cup of coffee.
B000002JNJ|4.0|This CD shows anyone the raw power that Pantera is made of.  In a world of one-hit bands  playing just to make a quick buck, Pantera has always gone against the grain and stayed true to their fans.  This debut shows why  Pantera is unlike any other metal band.The flawless melodies on  &quot;Cemetery Gates&quot; and the pounding drum and axe-work on  &quot;Cowboys From Hell&quot; show how a band can be diverse yet still rock  harder than any other band around.  If you don't own this CD, don't call  yourself a Pantera fan.
B0000024Z7|5.0|This is a fine album, with one of the best instrumentals I have ever heard, period. &quot;Song of the Wind&quot; is an achingly beautiful song--play it on the headphones, with your eyes closed for best results.  The rest of the album ain't bad,either.
B000001ELB|5.0|Anyone looking for a great taste of the greatest rock band of all time, check this out... Through the years they have remade several hit songs, but this is the mecca...
6304346107|5.0|Kate Beckinsale is a charming actress, doing a wonderful job in this file. Ms. Paltrow's version was okay, but nowhere near the quality and life of this version.
0060920432|3.0|I enjoyed the first few chapters of this book but became increasingly frustrated with the shallowness of the author's research and thought. He cites many studies by his followers which are bound to prove his point.  More seriously, he seems completely unfamiliar with both serious questions  about the meaning of life and the serious exploitative meaninglessness of  many jobs and pastimes offered to us by late twentieth-century capitalism.  Sure, you can find flow while entering data or pushing papers, but is  this  really how you want to spend your life?  Wouldn't you rather be a professor  at the University of Chicago, surrounded by disciples whose research  validates your own ideas--like Csikszentmihalyi?
0151001820|4.0|Arturo Perez-Reverte's margelous literary thriller The Club Dumas combines several great themes - the love of (and lust for) antiquarian books; the discovery (or re-discovery) of an original Dumas manuscript; and a  long-missing satanic tome which, it seems, contains the key to re-conjure  the devil himself.  Perez-Reverte is a wonderful companion and  story-teller: he is both scholarly and erudite in his expositions of the  world of rare books and famous writers; he also writes good (although  sparing) sex and violence.  This is the thinking person's mystery, and a  book which I will soon re-read.
6303140157|4.0|Sister Act 2 is uhh Wow! Its fun...it makes you wanna get up and dance! The music in this movie is much better than the first! Buy it/Rent it/SEE IT!
6305169187|5.0|This was definitely the summer's best hit! Filled with love, action, adventure, suspense, drama, and more! This is one of the great movies of all time! A must for everyone from ages 0 to 9,999!!
6304078102|4.0|Just below of a 5 I know..but this movie is excellent! The acting is so great..and the story itself is terrific!
0887307280|5.0|This book came to me highly recommended, When I read it I kicked myself for not picking it up sooner. The book told me how to set up a business to be happy &amp; make money. I thought thats great but I couldn't apply it to  my business. Then, I finished the book, that's when it all came together,  how I could apply it, what changes to make, what direction to go! It has  been a tremendous help, BUY &amp; READ this book!
1558216340|5.0|I thought the Norwegian book &quot;We Die Alone&quot; was the ultimate narrative on human endurance.  However a friend gave me this book and it has been an inspiration to me for over 20 years.  This powerful story take  place during the most turbulent years of our century and involves huge  sweeps of geography, yet remains a very human and intimate story.  After  reading it, you will never again feel you have reached your capacity to  endure, and you will have a renewed sense of what constitutes human  dignity.  Definitely one of the best books I have ever read.
