B00003CXDV|3.0|This movie could have been much better.  I give the 3'rd star unwillingly;)  It was dry, with worn-out humor using great actors which made it even worse!  I waited the whole movie for a genuine laugh, and I  really wanted to...really.<br />It's worth a rent...but let's be real.  The  movie is not that funny.
B00003CWPR|4.0|I'm posting mainly to say that the R2 version available in April will not have the crazy CGI characters that were inserted in the orgy scene to allow an R rated US theatrical release.<br />This film can seem ponderous and a  little dis-jointed as other reviewers have hinted. But takes some figuring,  which makes viewing multiple times a great experience.......like the bulk  of his movies I think!
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna has pushed the boundaries with her 1998 release, Ray of Light. Starting with the sweetly smooth opening track &quot;Drowned World/Substitute for Love&quot;, to the break-beatish &quot;Swim&quot; and  the electronic frenzy of &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, the diva has gone past a  diva- she's an angel. &quot;Skin&quot; proves to be one of her most  expressive songs ever- asking why all the things she says sounds like the  stupid things she said before. &quot;Nothing Really Matters&quot; shows  that love is important today in our world with a very danceable beat and  cool synthesizer lines. &quot;Frozen&quot;, the set's first single, is  simply beautiful. Filled with string sections, echoing drums, and a very  guitary beat, the song freezes the heart as it does the lyrics. &quot;Power  of Goodbye&quot; is magnificent in its electronic-pop state. Overall,  William Orbit and the material girl have pushed against all odds and will  leave audiences stunned.
6305750750|5.0|Well, even though I don't really need to, I will. For all of you out there who were disappointed in the film- I'm very sad to hear that, but be happy that Mr. Lucas decided to make the prequels at all!  Imagine what kind of a  decision that was- coming back to the director's chair from a sixteen year  absense, not to mention to the most popular series of movies ever, fully  knowing the public's impossible expectations.  Don't think Episode 1, 2, or  3 will be like the original trilogy because it won't.  Mr. Lucas has so  much more to work with here, just have some faith in the guy that he'll tie  everything up in a nice little bow at the end.  You've got to remember-  this is not a single movie, it's part of a series.  And concerning Jar Jar-  I liked him!  And I'm not eight years old either!  Mr. Lucas did not make  this movie for one individual person- with the exception of himself.  If  Mr. Lucas likes him and thinks he's funny, great!  Stop complaining and  picking this incredible movie apart!  For those of you who did like it- I'm  with you(in case you couldn't tell already)!  I thought it was fantastic-  and not just the special effects.  The plot had so much foreshadowing.   Characters like Darth Maul, Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan held you captive  speculating about what was to come the entire 2 hours and 20 minutes!  It  was everything Star Wars is and was- an epic science-fiction adventure.  It  also left you craving for Episode 2 all the more with the unforgettable  sound of Darth Vader's breathing after the innocent Anakin's theme finished  the film.  This movie is fantastic, and if you don't see it then you're  definately missing out.
0440234743|3.0|It isn't Grishams best work, but all the same its readable. It lacks the speed, intensity and fervor usually associated with Grisham. But if you are reading reviews about the book then u'll most probably end up reading the  book as well. U sure wont be disappointed.
0688145078|5.0|Little boys don't always respond well to the super-sappy books about the new baby.  Fortunately, this book is different, talking about the new baby's arrival in rather matter-of-fact terms.  It's similar to Baby  Science: How Babies Really Work (another favorite in our family), but  offers a fictionalized account of life with a new baby.  I highly recommend  it.
0553278355|5.0|This is the only novel written by the famous poet Sylvia Plath. It is autobiographical in many aspects and covers her attempted suicide. The critics thought this book wasn´t as literary as they had expected and I agree that it was more fun than seriously literary. They predicted the next  novel that she was in the process of writing would be better in a literary  sense but she never finished it before her suicide. I agree that the book  is not of the same literary quality as her poems and that this is worth  mentioning in a book review, but it was still great and it is a must read  for any Plath fan.<br />This novel starts with the heroine´s coveted  internship with a posh fashion magazine in New York City, and then retracts  to cover past aspects of her life, such as college and dating. The story  then continues to the heroine´s descent into madness, including her  experiences with phsycologists and asylums and electric shock  therapy.<br />This is one of the best books I have read recently. Parts of it  made me laugh out load and other parts made me incredibly sad. The heroine  experienced and felt things so deeply, and Plath had a way of making me  feel them and experience them along with her. This is a fast-paced and  still thought-provoking book that I finished very quickly, and then went  back to read some parts again and savor the sweet little details. The Bell  Jar deserves to be on everyone´s bookshelf, or better yet, bedside table,  being read and reread again for the delicious little emotional masterpiece  that it is.
B000002U9L|5.0|I used to watch this movie when it first came out   (even though I was only 2), and I remember that when I was 3 I told my Mom that I wanted to be a firey when I frew up.(i used to wish I could take my head off)I don't  want to be one now, but I still think they're cool.  But even aside from  the song &quot;Chilly Down&quot;, which is an EXCELLENT song to dance to,  the background music is fabulous in all the songs. If you are a big fan of  this movie, or the movie Legend(^_^ gotta love that film!) then you should  high-tail it to your nearest music store AND PURCHASE THIS SOUNDTRACK  IMMIDIETLY!
6305297207|1.0|I am a big fan of horror movies like the Nightmare on Elm Street collection, and the Hellraiser and Phantasm movies. There's something that these movies have that The Evil Dead doesn't. These movies have interesting  villains. It doesn't matter how gory they get, you still like the villains.  Like Freddy Kreuger, for example. He's the &quot;bad guy&quot; of the  movie, but the movie builds around the characters and keeps you interested  in the next gory thing that Freddy will do. The Evil Dead had a thin plot  that didn't bother to let you know the characters. There are many good  horror movies out there that are very gory and graphic, but the Evil Dead  disturbed me. It had no heart, and was a pure bloodbath. The whole point of  the movie was killing and dismemberment, the plot is easily forgotten. I  hated this movie and I would advise those of you like me who love horror  movies, but not bloodbath movies to stay away from The Evil Dead.
B00003CWPR|1.0|Give me a break. This was one of the most boring and annoying movies I've ever seen.  The music was irritating, the dialog was ridiculous and the &quot;Masked Party&quot; was comical instead of erotic.  I thought the  beginning was interesting but somewhere between the first prostitute and  the orgy the storyline lost my interest. The part where the costume shop  owner turns his daughter into a prostitute overnight was a real gem. What  garbage! The only reason I gave it one star was because the acting was  decent.
0060916540|5.0|An awesome story... very engaging, I went through this book very quickly. Simply put, you won't be disappointed.
B00004LN16|2.0|To quote an old interview, when Angus was questioned about a critic's comment that all of AC/DC's 11 albums sound the same, Angus replied &quot;That's a bloody lie! We've made 12 albums!&quot; It is indeed more of  the same, at least over these past 10 years or so. The title track is kind  of fun, and there aren't any bad songs. Good rhythms, good solos, Brian  Johnson's trademark growl... the lyrics are very light. The double  entendres are not as humorous as I had hoped, and the rock and roll  attitude is not as high as these boys are capable of. I suspect when I see  them perform, these songs will sound a lot better, but I also hope that  they only play one or two cuts from this record and fill the show with  their classic stuff. To anyone that hasn't seen AC/DC in concert, GO! They  are the funnest, most entertaining rock and roll band in the world.
B00002E233|4.0|Its a movie for the shark fanatic. It will keep you on the edge of your seat bittting your nails. It is not that bad in all departments and worth  a look and time and money.<br />GO ON BUY IT, I ENJOYED THE FILM.
1573226521|5.0|This is one of the best books I have read. It is a joy to read, easy and fast paced.  If you have seen the movie, read the book. The movie is only good for the images and the soundtrack, but the book is wonderful.  I have  been searching for books that read like it, but have not found many. I  would recommend &quot;Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil&quot; as it  gives a lively view of the South.  It is well written too.  I read  Garland's other book, the Tesseract, but was not impressed with it.  If you  found any other books like this, please share...
0375707972|4.0|I had never given it a thought on how the German people were victom themselves during times that were so differant than today.  Oh, I am not excussing the horror that that country put upon the world, only trying to  understand the complexities of it all.  It has given me the opertunity to  have great conversations with a few older friends that actually lived on  the same street Hana lived during the sametime.  My friends had no idea  that that was going on right next door.  And the emotional tramma that  occured from having a long term sexual relationship with an older women who  he really didn't know and how it affected his whole life.  This book was  stimulating because of the history in German life and mentality,  before  and after the war.
B000009QPE|5.0|This album is what got me addicted to speed metal over ten years ago. It is unbelievably fast and brutal; I'd definitely consider it as one of the best heavy metal albums ever recorded.
B000002OQS|5.0|Two words: Free Bird. Free Bird is the root of all that exists. It is the greatest work of art ever produced by human beings. It is the major influence of all music that came before or after it. I still weep every  time I hear it.
6305078564|5.0|If you've read the other reviews, then you already know that this version of &quot;P&amp;P&quot; is just about perfect (if not completely perfect!). The acting, the cast, the sets, the costumes - are all absolutely  marvelous. There have been some comments specifically about the quality of  the DVD version - I can't comment on that because I haven't seen either the  VHS version nor the original televised series. I did notice that the movie  seemed to catch quite frequently (although that could be my player), and I  also noticed the thumping sound that another reviewer remarked on. However,  these defects did not stop me from sitting up until 4:00 am to watch the  whole movie, and then popping it into my player the next day to watch parts  of it again! It is simply a wonderful, wonderful adaptation and should not  be missed. If you only have a DVD player (like me), just go ahead and  splurge!
B00000JBFW|3.0|When this came out back in 1984 (I can't believe it's been 16 years! ) I rushed out and bought the thing. Having loved DP for years I couldn't wait to hear the Mark II lineup reunion. I might have been expecting too much,  but I was a little disappointed. As far as I'm concerned there are only 3  songs worth listening to: Perfect Strangers, Knocking at Your Back Door,  and Gypsy's Kiss. The rest seem like filler, sounding tired and unoriginal.  I think this is worth getting if you're a Deep Purple fan, just don't  expect too much. If you're looking for a a great DP CD, either go back to  their earlier works (Machine Head, Made in Japan) or try their 1990 issue  of &quot;Slaves and Masters&quot; which was one of the freshest sounding  CD's they ever put out.
B00003IPFK|3.0|I was looking forward to the DVD of this great TV western. (Incidentally, whether TV or theater, this is one of the great western dramas--both story and performance--of all time!) However, the transfer to DVD is a shocking  disappointment, i.e., very grainy/fuzzy, especially in panoramic, wideangle  shots.  It is not as clear as the original TV broadcast. In fact, it was  shown recently on Direct TV, and the broadcast was much clearer than this  DVD version. You would think that the producers would take a little pride  in the way they handle such an important piece of work!  The breakup of the  movie--running the logo and the credits which appeared after each TV  episode--is distracting enough. However,this is a very minor factor, when  compared to the lack of clarity.  Unfortunately, with the exception of  extreme closeups, this problem persists throughout the DVD.
B0000025DD|4.0|The relaxed, easy-going sound to album opener &quot;Mihalis&quot; sets the tone for the rest of David Gilmour's first solo album.  Despite being away from Pink Floyd - or perhaps because of his work with Pink Floyd - there's  a familiarity to these nine songs that prove Gilmour's immense worth to  that band.  From the grainy, almost boring cover shot for the album to the  album's overall mellow sound, Gilmour seemed to be trying for an undramatic  shot at countering his main band's bloatedness.  The lack of hype makes  this album all the more attractive.  There's no spiraling, out-of-control  madness or references to WWII; it's just straight forward cozy guitar  instrumentals and good songs.  On &quot;No Way&quot; - the album's best  song - Gilmour's lyrics demonstrate his headstrong manner of never giving  up, both within and outside of Pink Floyd.  Other great riffers include  &quot;Cry from the Streets&quot; and &quot;It's Deafinitely,&quot; a more  up-tempo instrumental with lightly warped guitars at the beginning.   &quot;I Can't Breathe Anymore&quot; reveals a trapped and claustrophobic  David Gilmour, a guy who had to get away and be his own musician for at  least one album.  There's no doubt this is a highly personal album, both  musically and lyrically.  The sound and production is astounding even  today, Gilmour's voice is as smooth as ever, and his signature guitar  playing carries the album much farther than any of Roger Water's solo  efforts have ever done him.  All in all, a supreme effort from one of my  favorite musicians ever.
0441172717|5.0|&quot;Dune&quot; is probably one of the top five books in science-fiction/fantasy that I have read.  This book is brilliantly set on a world covered in sand.  The antagonism between the two rival families is  excellent.  This is a must read in the world of science-fiction, and should  be placed on a High School's mandatory reading list.
B000002L68|5.0|This is simply the best album ever.The album is very emotional. It's about love and hate, war and peace.It is spiritually and emotionally driven in a brilliant way.You don't have to be A Prince fan to buy this album.You only  have to love music to buy this album.This is the kind of album you will  never only listen to it once.I recommend everyone who likes music to buy  this album.
0060925000|5.0|Too long? No way. Seth creates an entire world that is a joy to experience.  I left this book feeling sorry that it wasn't longer, that I couldn't spend more time with these characters.
630575067X|5.0|This video was very skillfully done and very computer oriented.  Even if you don't like sci-fi, this Star Wars movie blows away the world of animatronics as we know it.  The senery is georgous and the battles  thrilling.  I loved this movie and I'm sure that everyone else will, too.
B00000K19E|5.0|This film has it all, a superb action packed film with good acting and an excellent story. Basically the film is a sci-fi action movie, I would recomend watching the trailer as it doesn't spoil the movie as some do. The  plot Basically is as Lawrence fishburn says &quot;What is the differnce  between the real world and a dream world, and how to we know when we wake  from that dream ?&quot; The film is based upon that our life is all a  computer program and we are connected to the program living a &quot;dream  life&quot;. Some people compare this film to &quot;dark city&quot; but  really it has everything that Dark City doesn't if you have seen dark city  and you liked it or didn't like it then you will love this movie its awsome  ! The DVD is one of the best released, superb special features and the  Movie itself has superb picture quality with amazing room shaking dolby  digital sound even if you saw it in the movies buy the DVD.
B00000AFFI|4.0|it seems i'm not th only one that resisted fallin in love with this album: i mean th samplin n distortion on some songs, plus at first no one song really grabs you(except th river), upon closer  inspection, however,  everything changes.. from th first note on &quot;angeline&quot; to th last  breath of &quot;is this desire?&quot; th album is close as you get to a  'modern' rock masterpiece! cathartic dark blues told with a poetic swagger  not found this side of pop culture; sophisticated(maybe even progressive),  never less than completely authentic, i can go on n on.. its hard to read  criticism on this album, i wish these people would just say they dont  understand.. because,just like life, art isnt for everybody
B00000064E|5.0|Nick Drake was not around long but he certainly left a beautiful legacy. To some it may seem dark, and mournful, but I found myself smiling quite often throughout this album. It is unique in every aspect of it's  composition and execution. Soulful, never self-indulgent and he never puts  himself above his listener... I love all of his music but this is his most  elegant album.
B00002MZ12|4.0|I realy dont know what some of the other reviewers want , but Alanis sounds great on this cd... I loved mainly - &quot;Joining You&quot; , &quot;No pressure over cappuchino&quot; (new) , &quot;That i'd be  good&quot; , but the jewel of this album , her greatest song ever , which  has only improved in this version :  &quot;Uninvited&quot; ... Buy it if  you like Alanis , actualy you can try it even if you're not familiar with  her music (i wasn't).
0792151712|1.0|I will admit that the sinking ship special effects were nice, but other than that, this movie wasn't even worth watching. The movie was long and drawn out with a shallow plot. This was more of a special effects showcase  than an epic love story. How in the world did this get nominated for an  Academy Award, much less win. And my final discrepancy about the movie was  its acting. Poor, bad, boring, inadequate, terrible, unintellectual,   anile, and just plain stupid acting made this movie even worse.
6304712936|5.0|This film won best picture and was on AFI's top 100 list and for good cause.  When I first watched it, I thought, Mozart, opera, blah, boring.  But I was highly surprised.  The movie is really entertaining and the music  is great.  It shows jealousy, mediocrity, and greatness.  Everyone can  relate to Antonio Salieri, we've all watched someone who is better than us  at something and thought what he thought, but he gets his revenge.  Also  this the is the best way to get interested in classical music which isn't  so bad after all.
0060254920|5.0|My mom read this book to me since I was a child. I have always loved it. The way the auther gave the message to all the readers was a very creative way. By saying whenever you want to you can go into your own world and come  back whenever you choose, was not the only thing she was saying. The story  also tells you that when you come home even if you may not believe it there  is always someone there who cares, and is waiting for you to return.....
B00000373U|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed Good Will Hunting but as I watched it, something kept nagging at the back of my mind. What could it be? <br />Then it came to me. Throughout the film, these haunting, beautiful songs were playing in the  background. I waited for the end credits. Although  I'd never heard of  Elliott Smith, I decided to buy one of his albums and went for this one and  what an album it is. <br />I've played it just about every day for the last  month and it's like nothing else I've ever bought before. Softly sung,  haunting melodies that just flow from the start to the finish. Best songs?  How about Rose Parade, Say Yes and Angeles.    The only thing I could  compare this guy to would be Simon and Garfunkel. Maybe something like  Scarborough Fair. His songs bring to Good Will Hunting what Simon and  Garfunkel's did to The Graduate.<br />In fact, if they ever remake The  Graduate, then Elliot Smith would be ideal for the soundtrack.  Let me  think now, Matt Damon as Benjamin? Cybil Shepherd as Mrs Robinson? Alicia  Silverstone as Elaine? <br />I can't wait to hear more of his stuff so I'm off  to check out his back catalogue.
B00003CWPR|2.0|Kubrick tried to establish a unique pace to the dialog that bordered on tedium, at times to the point of being laugh-able. Tom C. was mis-cast, Nicole K. was typically brilliant. Annoying minimalist piano sound track,  putrid script, agonizing, purpose-less scenes. Will anyone dare say this is  Kubrick's worst work, as it was sadly his last?  Don't be fooled into  believing this is an artsy, intriguing movie by a controversial director.  It really stunk!  If you like Cruise and Kidman together get Far and Away  or even Days of Thunder instead.  Yes, Eyes Wide Shut was that bad.
B000001DYD|5.0|Word to Zeppelin fans - don't let Jim's dislike of Zeppelin turn you off of PJ Harvey.  Zeppelin was a pioneer in their day and so is PJ Harvey.  Is it possible to have eclectic taste and enjoy the music of both Zeppelin and  Harvey?  You bet.  Check out Mike's review for the definitive review of Ms.  Harvey's &quot;Rid of Me&quot;.
0140177396|4.0|I enjoyed reading this novel.  It taught the true meaning of a friendship.  It was the story of a dream that was unreachable, but George kept the dream alive for Lennie, until he was forced to...nevermind I won't tell the  ending.  Read it, the ending id great!
0452273331|5.0|The book is an anthem to a human being and a course to the humanity that destroys the treasure of individual talent. There is Howard Roarke in many of us, we are just too weak to unearth it. One had to escape Bolshevik  Russia to write THIS. Thanks Ayn! (I know this does not matter to you- and  I don't care).
6305750750|2.0|Yep...to me, all this movie was was a big toy commercial.  It was totally directed to the way younger audience that could still laugh at characters like Jar Jar. The fx were amazing but the movie itself stunk. Infact, the  only reason I'm giving this movie 2 stars is because of the special  effects.  I'm sure many star wars fans have clouded their minds to think  that this was a great movie so that all that waiting and money spending  didn't go to waste. I planned on seeing it like 20 times before I actually  saw it...after I saw it...I'm glad I didn't do that.
B000002JPA|5.0|oh my god, if you are a musician you will absolutely melt when you here this cd.  how can they play those riffs?  how can they keep the beat without screwing up?   if you think you are a good musician, i've got a cd  that you need to hear.  it will make you want to quit playing, and at the  same time, practice harder!
630575067X|4.0|After reading dozens of disgruntled fans rip the film, I have to remind everbody that: 1)The orginal star wars trilogy features some of the cheesiest dialogue and acting in film (even hard core fans agree with this  one) 2)Star Wars has always been know for its &quot;eye candy&quot; i.e.  revolutionary special effects, not its writing or character  interplay.<br />But of course, all of these fans have forgotten these points,  and dissect and over analyse the new star wars film as if it was the second  coming of Shakespear.  Bottom line: George's target audience was 10 year  old boys (just like the original trilogy)  not grown adults.  My kids loved  it.  It had flashy visuals just like the original trilogy (and lousy acting  like the original trilogy).  Anyone who thinks that Star Wars is  &quot;American mythology&quot;, or is primarily intended for 30 year olds,  needs to get a life.  Its a kids movie, pure and simple.   Remember: If you  want a sophisticated plot with gripping drama, watch star trek. If you want  lavish special effects and intense action, watch star wars.
B000001FTJ|5.0|This album, along with Raindogs, is one of my all time favorites.  It is completely original -- it sounds like no one else.  It can be a little sentimental, but the sentimentality seems real.  (When he sings, in  &quot;Soldier's Things,&quot; &quot;This one is for bravery, and this one  is for me,&quot; he sounds to me like a war widow, not a rock star  pretending to be a war widow.) It's also a complete departure from his  previous album -- a kind of bravery in a popular artist that I think people  should respect.  Virtually everything since Swordfishtrombones is a  worthwhile album, but this is the place to start.
6300268993|5.0|I found this film to be second only to Superman 4. Its a pity that the orignal footage was not included.Hopefully the DvD's of both Superman 2 and 4 will restore the unseen footage. Terence Stamp was the best choice as  General Zod and Sarah Doughlas was just as brilliant. This film really  tries to make us appreciate Superman being there for us. &quot;GENERAL  WOULD YOU CARE TO STEP OUTSIDE&quot;  &quot;I'M NOT A COWARD ZOD&quot;  Super!
0767817486|4.0|Midnight express is (by any standard) spectacular. A &quot;must see&quot;, which grabs your attention from the very first minute, with its extraordinary sense of realism, and a good DVD image quality (dubble sided  disc, for two aspect ratio's. Nice idea) But what made this movie so well  known even amongs those who never got around to see it, is its famous, and  highly original sound track, made very succesfull issue as LP (and the  later CD). That is where the DVD dissapoints. Hard to accept, but all we  get out of the speakers, is a strait Mono track, in a movie which offers  one of the best in music originality.
6303212263|5.0|SUPERMAN- The Movie Need I say more... This film really is what started special effects movies.The script was truly faultless.I always appreciate the fact that Christopher Reeve starred in all of the 4 movies.This gives a  sense of continuity to the role.Gene Hackman gives a breathtaking  performance in this film.Every scene was well planned and you will want to  believe that a man can fly.&quot;Easy miss, I've got you&quot;  Wow!Really  Wow!
B00003CX7K|5.0|Toy Story 2 is the best, better than toy story 1. My sons and myself loved the movie so much we saw it 3 times. It's a good funny movie to take your kids to see and to own a copy for your Family and friends. I would like to  end by saing that if you have not yet seen the movie to do so you'll love  it too.
B000002VCQ|5.0|Before she succumbed to the bizarre life of a pampered and insolent superstar, Whitney Houston premiered her talent with this rapturous pop album.  It has something for everyone, as evidenced by its string of hits.   But every song is a marvel of production value, all of it showcasing the  young and rangy gorgeousness of that still-pure voice.  It makes me sad to  listen to it now, given how Whitney's voice has debilitated over the last  15 years. But you will swoon over All At Once, one of the most well-crafted  pop songs ever about lost love.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Stanley Kubrick's last film isn't meant to be viewed as an erotic film, it's a film about dreams on a Freudian level. If you look closely, you'll notice that there isn't a single frame of film without the colors red or  blue; Freud wrote about the two colors and their relationship between  reality and dreams. <br />This film is poetic in every sense...Wellesian,  Kafkaesque, and Freudian. A masterpiece.
B000003TAR|5.0|The uncommercial sound does not disguise the fact that there is genuine talent shining through as pop songs hidden under noise and live production surface in the form of `All Apologies' and `Heart Shaped Box' - the two  obvious singles. Hidden away is the short `Very Ape' managing to cram in  more brilliance than many bands can do over a whole record. The tracks most  Nevermind converts will skip are `Radio Friendly Unit Shifter' and  `Tourettes' which `Bleach fans will revel in. The quality continues with  the wrongly accused `Rape Me' sounding like `Smells Like Teen Spirit's baby  brother. `Scentless Apprentice' shrieks and rages that lives by it's  effective guitar riff. In some ways more satisfying than Nevermind but not  quite as generation-defining, In Utero is easily one of the best  alternative records of the nineties.
B0000042H4|5.0|Unbelievable - the digital restoration is as good as one could ever have hoped for. The only way it could have been bettered perhaps is if Domingo had been available at the time of the recordings to portray Siegmund but  hey - we'll just have to make do with watching him do that at  Bayreuth.<br />Solti's &quot;Ring&quot; (sorry if that sounds rude) is not  going to be bettered on CD or any other recorded medium.  Wonderfully  theatrical, riven through with the true passion of the work - only a churl  wouldn't find it there.<br />If you're never likely to get the chance to see  it at Bayreuth, own this - it's the nearest you'll get!
B000001FAO|5.0|This is one of the best rock albums ever made. I heard it the first time when I was 10 years and it has followed me through the years.
B000002KLQ|4.0|While this album does not match the rugged flavor and intensity of the first Dire Straits LP and doesn't show the polished recording tecnique of Brothers in Arms, the material of Making Movies is excellent. The album has  better stood the test of time than either of the other albums. Making  Movies is excellent all the way through, except for the embarassing sexual  frankness of Les Boys. Making Movies is probably the album that most  clearly shows the influence of Bob Dylan. The songs are highly reminiscent  of Dylan's work from the same period- songs that Knopfler had a hand in,  himself.
0800132335|2.0|Well, I was thinking of buying this DVD as it is titelled &quot;Director's cut&quot;. However when I saw the length of the move - 207 minutes - I became really disappointed and I still am.<br />I have seen it on both German  and Austrian TV as the series &quot;Das Boot&quot;. It lasts almost 6  hours. I know that this is a long time - but I taped it anyway.<br />So I am  not very convinced that the DVD will bring you all the series showed. What  a pity that they cut it down to 207 minutes and titelled it  &quot;Director's cut&quot;.
0790729725|5.0|The Movie Goodfellas is probably the BEST gangster movie I have ever seen!  Only because it is based on a true story and it has a wonderful storyline! Robert DeNiro and Ray Liotta are absolutly BRILLANT in this  movie! This movie is non-stop action. The music is always wonderful I  haven't seen a movie this good with a great soundtrack to back it up! This  movie is wondeful the actors are brilliant and the storyline is GREAT!  I  hope everyone takes the time to see this movie ! You wont be dissappointed  I sure Wasent!
B000000OMP|5.0|This is the most powerful hard rock album ever recorded. Jon Lord at his best, Coverdale's usual proficient vocals - no one, I said no one, can sing a rock'n roll song like him - and John Syke's perfect playing make this CD  my chosen one.
B0000025RI|5.0|I wonder how many people own this album worldwide. Folks, the quality is that good. It has one of the Top Five songs EVER recorded in Billie Jean. It is a classic along the same lines as Yesterday by The Beatles was.  People still jam to that song in public. That tune makes you do some  strange things. Of all the people that gave it one star I think what they  all have in common is an intense jealousy or hatred of the man. One song on  this album -Lady of my Life- doesn't work at all. Every other tune will  have you out of your seat dancing around or reflective of the happier  quieter times in your life. There is ample reason why this album is the  most popular of all-time and will prolly remain that way for as long as  music is recorded.
6305499365|4.0|An entertaining low-budget comedy. Although it seems to lose focus in the last half, it manages to be consistently enjoyable. Stephan Roots (?) incarnation of Milton is quite rich. Many of the jokes are fairly obvious,  but they're also on target, and there's just enough genuine cleverness at  play to keep the movie alive and well all the way through. This film also  features an absolutely brilliant (and brilliantly used) soundtrack of rap,  and two stand-out, profoundly hilarious sequences. Definitely recommended.
B000002J1U|5.0|I really think this is Led Zeppelin's best album. Although I think that everything they did was classic, this one really ranks high on the list of all time classics. Even though their Fourth Album get's all the attention (which it should seeing as it is a very good album) this one is much more pleasing to the ears. The songs, although not the big epic popular ones, have a more entertaining quality. Friends and Celebration Day are a great duo, and Bron-Y-Aur Stomp is a great jam song. This album is well worth whatever you may pay for it. Get it.
1573226521|5.0|I read The Beach just a few days ago and thought it to be one of the best contemporary novels available.  The plot, characters and climax are all very well written.  This book has a lot of action, romance and creativity.   This novel somewhat parallel's William Gerald Golding's &quot;Lord of the  Flies&quot; in the aspects of paradise lost and troglodytic behavior due to  isolation.  I guarantee anyone reading this novel will enjoy it; I sure  did!
B000002JEV|5.0|I love Led Zeppelin.  I'm a freak, I know.  And this is no exception to their incredible display of talent.  Even their live tracks, which are of course never as good, shine brilliantly on the second of these two discs.   The first disc is incredible as well, of cousre.  Although Communication  Breakdown is on their three times, these guys are so damn talented that it  doesn't matter.  They know how to make it stick.  The last track on the  first disc, a live version of How Many More Times, is breathtaking.  I  could honestly sit there and listen to that for..well, about 12 minutes.  But that's not the point...This is an amazing collection that ever Led  Zeppelin fan must own.
6303481302|5.0|Typical of cirque du soleil, this show contains performances that make your jaw gape. The opening act of four girls who contort and balance, with or without each other, is so incredible you can't not react. Next, a group  of acrobats uses a see-saw to fling themselves four thousand feet in the  air while doing six hundred twisting flips in a micro-second to land on  human stacks, the other end of the see-saw, or anywhere else they want to  land...and precisely. The next routine allows viewers some down-time while  a girl floats east and west on a giant swing while winding her body through  all shapes to the accompaniment of peaceful music.  Next comes the guy who  does stuff on a tightrope that cannot be done, while  the elderly director  provides comic relief as he tries to mimic, and mostly unsuccessfully, his  moves. I will not go through all the acts, but I have to warn you about  what happens to you after watching the oriental girls who use their feet to  do tricks with umbrellas: the little section of flesh between your eyebrows  will be sore if you do not try to unfurrow them some time during the act.  With all this praise it may come as a surprise to know this is my least  favorite cirque du soleil show. I have four of their videos and I rate this  one five stars because it deserves it. It's just that Quidam deserves a  hundred. The other shows fall somewhere in between. If this is your thing,  you will not be disappointed with any of them and I strongly recommend you  buy them all. Oh, and be ready to laugh. You'll be doing a lot of it.
B00003CWPR|5.0|I have been reading other people's comments on how could those people release this film full screen instead of letterbox. This is the DVD so I expect this and that. Well, let me explain. Stanley Kubrick was not very  happy with the way his films were being destroyed by the networks when they  got to the TV, so starting with The Shinning, he began shooting his films  FULL FRAME. Since then all his films are full frame. If you will look again  at The Shinning, for example, you will see in the first scene that you can  see the helicopter's shadow on the bottom of the screen. This was not  visible in theaters because the film was altered for widescreen instead of  the other way around. <br />In essence, what you are seeing in the Eyes Wide  Shut DVD is a copy of the actual full frame film print. Now that you know  why it's full frame, please do complain about the americanized version of  the film on DVD. I saw the real thing in theaters and want the real thing  on DVD. It is insulting to go to a theater and see one version of the film  (in Puerto Rico we got the European Version), and get to the DVD version  which has become known for the features, director's cuts, and uncensored  cuts and find it is not even the version you saw but a stupidly and  awkwardly edited version of the film that is meant to insult american  audiences. I guess they just gave new meaning to the word added  footage.<br />In conclusion, this film is excellent. It is supposed to be full  frame. Don't buy this sadly edited version, and wait for the real thing to  come out.
B000001FTJ|5.0|Circa 1983, Judas Priest and AC/DC filling most of my vinyl collection, it's 11:25 p.m. on a school night, and I'm up watching David Letterman for no particular reason other than not wanting to go to bed.  On comes a  strange little man with a gravel filled, cigarette burned, whisky soaked  voice and a billy goat beard, claiming he was born in the backseat of a  taxicab.  What?  Then he plays &quot;Franks Wild Years&quot;, which was  just plain foreign music to a teenage metalhead.  But I liked it enough to  keep watching.  Letterman asks him to play another, so he plays &quot;one  of (his) favorites&quot;, which turned out to be &quot;On the Nickel&quot;  from Heart Attack and Vine.  I went out and bought Swordfishtrombones and  Heart Attack and Vine the next day.  What's my point?  Tom Waits is great.   Talented, funny, quirky, strange, brilliant, and lyrically captivating at  times....don't believe me....read the words to &quot;Shore Leave&quot; or  &quot;Johnsburg, Illinois&quot;. And the music is so original and  different, it fills the void where &quot;normal music&quot; fall right off  the face of the Earth.  <br />It's tough being a Tom Waits fan in the midst of  a world that just don't get it.  But we are out there and love each other's  conversation on the subject.  Back when I first started dating my (now)  wife, she loved Tom from the song I played.  Blonde haired, blue eyed babe  who loved Tom Waits from the first listen.....Now THAT was an  attraction.<br />&quot;Rain Dogs&quot;, &quot;Frank's Wild Years&quot;,  &quot;Bone Machine&quot;, &quot;Black Rider&quot;, &quot;Mule  Variations&quot; I love, love, love 'em all, even when everyone around me  is yelling to put on something else.....
B0000021RL|5.0|Originally released as a double LP (remember vinyl?), this single CD epitomizes everything this band proclaimed itself to be in its infancy:  diverse.  Not only does it contain no less than four monster hits - (I've  Been) Searchin' So Long, Call On Me, Wishing You Were Here (with a little  help from the Beach Boys), and Happy Man - it very successfully pushes the  limits of contemporary music with all of its supporting material.  Guitarist Terry Kath never sounded better on Song of the Evergreens,  Byblos, Aire, Italian From New York, and Life Saver.  The rhythm section is  tight and exciting (Hanky Panky and Mongonucleosis), while the horns sound  big and brash.  But again, it's the diversity of the material that makes  this CD sizzle.  From the contemporary sound of the aforementioned four  hits to Mongonucleosis (the ultimate party song of the 70's), the bluesy  Skinny Boy, the biographical Woman Don't Want to Love Me, and the jazz  influenced sounds of the instrumental pieces (the first 26 minutes of this  CD contain no vocals!), this CD has it all.<br />While Chicago would go on to  record perhaps more popular songs, perhaps motivated (driven?) by the  change in the FM radio format (AM radio in stereo, replete with jingles and  giveaways), never again would they match the creative energy found on this  compilation.  A classic in every sense, it's hard to comprehend why Chicago  VII never received far greater acclaim, but then the critics have always  loved to hate Chicago.
B000002MY3|5.0|I have to applaud Alanis for this totally awesome collection of songs.  I've never really been into this kind of music, but I heard my friend's cd, and I had to have it.  &quot;Oughta Know&quot; really lets me relate,  because I know what she's going through.  Way to go, girl!
B000002BQK|4.0|This is Mariah's most songs. Most of the lyrics are to do with her personal life. The album was made just after her split with Tommy Motolla. For example, Close My Eyes is about her childhood and the struggles she's  overcome. Not my favourite Mariah album, but stiil well worth the money.
B000002J0B|2.0|This album was puzzling to me when it came out.  The first 4 Zeppelin albums were so intense, so compelling.  This one sounded so weak, so lifeless, like they weren't trying any more.  I still think after listening  to it for over 25 years that it is one of Zeppelin's weaker efforts.  Some  of the songs are pretty good, but Page just wasn't playing as strongly as  he did on the first four albums and later on &quot;Presence&quot; and  &quot;Physical Graffiti&quot;.  The sound is too soft, too tentative on  many songs. I still go with my original gut reaction to &quot;Dy'er  Maker&quot;--what a stupid song, if anyone other than Zeppelin had recorded  it, it would be considered a laughingstock.  With regard to Scott W.  Reed--give the guy a break.  He is expressing an honest reaction to the  music.  These Amazon reviews should not be hero worship sessions only--a  listener should be able to express a negative reaction if that is truly  what the listener thinks.  Then the novice trying to decide whether to buy  the album will have the benefit of different points of view.  I happen to  agree with Scott W. Reed that Bonham's relentless pounding often sounds  dated and monotonous.  Since Page and the overall material was often so  strong, a fan can overlook the lack of variety in the rhythm section.  By  both the standards of the Chicago blues bands which Zeppelin often borrowed  from, and the developments in rock drumming by the early 1970s, Bonham may  have been powerful but he wasn't that proficient.  When Zeppelin was  wailing away on some thunderous rocker, that didn't matter, but when they  chose to play subtle, quieter music as on this album, Bonham's lack of  variety stands out.
B00003CXAY|5.0|When I first saw this movie in a museum, I couldn't turn my eyes away from it. Once again Francis Ford Coppala created something completely diffrent. This is just enjoy and relax, a movie too see more than just one time. The  movie is telling a story without words, with the beautiful music of Phillip  Glass, the story about earth and our history of mankind.
B00003CWPR|5.0|At least five people told me it was long and boring. I couldn't convince my wife to go, so I went alone. - I wasn't bored for a minute. I was haunted for days. I saw it again with her and later the same evening, we  talked about the &quot;games&quot; couples play  for at least three hours.  We realized many people can't understand what the whole movie is about. I  understand a lot more how to treat a woman after seeing this movie. At  first I thought Nicole Kidman's character was awful, but realized thanks to  my wife, that Tom Cruise's character behaves the way so many  men do,  nowadays; &quot;the wrong way&quot;. He was a &quot;flirt&quot; and  everything that follows in the movie is his own fault.  I feel closer to my  wife now. This is not an action movie for kids. It was the most enriching  experience I have ever had, seeing a movie.  If you're an adult and are  really in love with another person, instead of, &quot;in love with  yourself&quot;, this will be a rollercoaster ride with more action than the  movie &quot;Armaggeddon&quot;, and you will understand the benefits of this  movie.
6302820448|5.0|This movie is SO funny!  I've seen it as many times as there are groundhog days in the movie.  You can see the progression of Murray's character, too, as he moves from shallow and sarcastic to deeper and more caring.  Nothing  but thumbs up.
0440211727|4.0|This book is not bad.  I was expecting more though from Grisham, but it isn't bad.  I was expecting more thrills and suspense, while it did have its share, it failed to keep me on the edge of my seat at times.<br /> Carl  Lee Hailey, a black man from Mississippi, is on trial for killing two  whites and wounding another.  But is it justifiable for him to kill these  men?  They raped his daughter, beat her, and practically screwed up her  entire life.  Should Carl Lee have waited for the court to decide their  fate, or was he right to be the executioner?  You ask yourself these  questions sometimes while reading this book.<br /> I myself changed opinions a  lot on Carl Lee.  I thought that this might be justifiable, yet he also was  guilty of killing two guilty men, and wounding an innocent man.  Is Carl  Lee innocent?  That is up to the reader.<br /> The Ku Klux Klan is big in this  book.  Most of the suspense comes from the actions of the Klan.  You really  hate the Klan after they do the things they do in this book, and it shows  how bad the Klan and racism actually is.<br /> I liked this book, and a lot of  people will.  At times this book is very slow moving though.  Young people  will have a hard time following the book, for it is real in-depth legal  suspense.  However, if you are a teen or adult and are looking for a  suspensful book, this is great for you!
B00000J7J4|5.0|very upbeat with classic carlos santanna sound hot hot ho
B00000JYGX|5.0|This CD is fabulous!  I never reviewed a CD here before, but with this one, I just have to. I love music, but not pop music-- I am a fan of classical music and opera. But this is the first modern-type of musical  that I have heard that has had such an effect on me! Forget Miss Saigon,  Les Miz, etc, I was very surprised but very pleased that I liked it so   much! I think it deserves more attention than it is getting, because this  particular recording-- the French, I haven't heard the English-- is truly  incredible! The lyrics (witty, romantic, and beautiful-sounding in French),  the score (the most incredible mixture hard to pinpoint), the artists  (could give lessons to many Broadway performers on how to emote, especially  Quasimodo, Frollo, and Clopin)-- all outstanding. Since I think there are  many very bad musicals still going strong on Broadway, I am having trouble  believing that one this great is not getting around too well. The music is  at times soothing, at times upbeat and energetic, at times melancholic and  romantic. Wish I could rate it more than 5 stars!
0393312836|5.0|this book is an amazing feet of acomplishment. i mainly have a prblem with the reviewer who gave it a bad grade. your reasons where because you thought there where a million books like it, and better. why not try to  rate the book based on THE BOOK  for once? not based on why others like it.  and how do you know what the aurthor likes or disslikes? i personaly loved  it and have read some of these other books of &quot;yours&quot;, and  thought they had an interesting new perspective on the subject as well.   thank you all for your time.
0451169514|5.0|I first read this book about 10 years ago when I needed a book for 9th grade English reading time.  I borrowed it from a friend, expecting to return it after English was over, but there was no way he was getting that  book back until I was done!  The book pulled me into the story and I  literally read it nonstop until the end.<br />10 years later, I still think  this is a pretty dang good book.  The horror is wound so carefully into the  story that it doesn't seem gratuitous, and the everyday lives of the  characters are so well portrayed that I get a great idea of life in the  1950s.  And the music references are great, with all the lyrics wound  throughout the book.  When Screaming Jay Hawkins died recently, the only  reason I noticed was because I had read about him  in &quot;It.&quot;<br />A  great book, one of King's best.
B0000203YT|4.0|this is a really great movie and totally worth the Oscar it won...however, i have to say that i detested the ending.  it wasn't supposed to happen that way!
B00000IFWE|5.0|This is a great cd.  If you like Tom Petty, or if you like rock and roll, this is for you.  It's got everything from slow to fast, upbeat to down.  Classic!
B00003CWPQ|2.0|I am a great fan of Kubrick's. In fact, there are few films of his that I don't think of as inspired genius. But this film was a great bore! I had heard that this film was overrated but decided to see it after Scorsese  rated it as one his top ten of the decade. But I must be missing something,  I see no value in this picture whatsoever (either acting, plot,  cinematography or music). There was no there there, just so many short  vignettes of sexual desire that only reflect the sadness and selfishness of  the characters. I think that the emperor has no clothes on this occasion  and can't agree that it is great because it was the last film of a great  director.
B00003XB8K|4.0|I'VE ENJOYED THIS LATEST RELEASE FROM ENIGMA ITS NOT AS GOOD AS THE FIRST RELEASE BUT STILL VERY RELAXING AND SEDATING MUSIC TO LISTEN AND UNWIND TO.
B00002MZ4W|2.0|I loved her first record.  I thought it showed not only great compositional skill, but strong production values in the songs she opted to put on it.  They all seemed to fit and they weren't anywhere near as  pretentious as this material is.  Is she still a great songwriter?  I have  to assume she is, but the songs aren't that strong...it just shows a good  sense of musicality and theory.  No JAMS...no listenable angst or heart  that doesn't drive me nuts with its sing-songy abstinence.<br />I expected  more from her second record, considering how long I'd been waiting for  it.<br />A fan waiting for the next one.
B00003CWPL|5.0|David Lynch's debut is definitely something everyone should see, are they interested in artistic cinema. &quot;A dream of dark and troubling things&quot;, as Lynch describes it, it is indeed written and filmed with  the logic and coherence of a nightmare - and when you're through dreaming,  you start wondering what it all really meant.<br />Like Andrei Tarkovsky often  did, Lynch deliberately tells us as very little of what's actually going  on, and it makes it much more interesting than most films; the audience  gets to construct a whole out of the pieces and is allowed to think  further, beyond what's actually said, and that's what makes artist and  audience into equals in the interpretation of the film.<br />Whether you're  interested in art film, cult film or horror, you must pick this up. Not for  everyone, though.
6300216268|5.0|This is easily one of my &quot;top ten&quot; movies of all time. I think I've only seen &quot;Star Wars&quot; and &quot;Monty Python and the Holy Grail&quot; more. This movie has fantastic acting, music, and writing  throughout. In other words, none of the tripe that people actually call  movies today can even compare to this. I also grew up in the S.F. Bay Area  back in the seventies and this film is a time capsule of those sights in  1971. A definite must see in my opinion; however humble that might be.
0140067477|5.0|I found this book to be a great beginner's guide to understanding the concepts of Taoism. While the Tao Te Ching can be quite abstract to someone new to The Way, Benjamin Hoff's book gives clear examples using, of all people, Pooh. The lovable bear turns out to be the perfect centerpiece of  Taoist thought and action.<br />Skeptical still? Read this book and find  yourself opened to the simplicity and natural beauty of all that is Tao.
B000007OY0|5.0|What impressed me the most about this movie, something which I found very refreshing, was that the film was about a very close friendship between a white man and a black man and race is never mentioned - not once.  They  were just two human beings who formed a beautiful bond.
B00003CWPR|4.0|In the dream that eyes wide shut is, one could only hope for a happy ending,the story is this. A man gets angry at his wife's story of adulterism , so from there on he goes on a sexual odyssey, is he looking  for answer toward humans sexual inpulses?, who knows   , but hey if you are  in the mood for a movie with a different view of life then , you could do  worst , but let me advise you , the answers foe the questions that a rise  during the film are very difficult to find.
0780625129|5.0|At first, I wasn't sure whether I'd like this film. But it gives a fantastic idea of racism, and Ed Norton and Ed Furlong are both incredible in it. A must buy for anyone.
0767802659|1.0|As a movie, this one ranks right up there with the Blair Witch Project.  Until I saw Star Ship Troopers, I thought &quot;This Island Earth&quot; was the benchmark for bad science fiction.
6303566448|5.0|Loosely based on H.P. Lovecraft's serial novella, Herbert West: Re-Animator, this &quot;modern cult classic&quot; is, by far, the most enjoyable film based on an H.P. Lovecraft story.  The complex story line  involves a young medical student called Herbert West (extraordinarily  played by Jeffrey Combs) who discovers a serum that when injected into the  brains of recently deceased bodies, revives them.  You know that  complications ensue...  Throughout, the pace zips right along, and the  imaginative graphic violence is seamlessly delivered.  The film also boasts  above average acting, flippant humor, and a remarkable ending that has to  be seen to be believed.  This is a must buy for any fan of H.P. Lovecraft  (and any horror fan for that matter). It quickly began my most prized  possession.  The film is currently out of print, so your best bet is to buy  it on E-Bay.<br />MAKE SURE YOU ORDER THE VHS UN-RATED COPY OVER THE R-RATED  VERSION.  THE UN-RATED COPY INCLUDES DELEATED FOOTAGE THAT IS ESSENTIAL TO  YOUR UTMOST ENJOYMENT OF THE FILM!<br />-Followed by a good sequal  Bride of  Re-Animator<br />-Coming soon  Beyond Re-Animator<br />The film is most notable  for Jeffrey Combs's performance as Herbert West.  Look out for equally  great supporting roles from Bruce Abbott, and Barbara Crampton.<br />&quot;As  you well know, what would a note say - Dan... Cat dead, details later!.
1568953208|5.0|As a combat veteran, it is rare that a written page will haunt me so. Pat Barker's    \\"Regeneration\\"(the entire trilogy for that matter)does just that.  Not since reading \\"Johnny Got His Gun\\" had I been thrust once again so vividly--into the horrors of war.  As in war, the only redemptive  aspects of Barker's book, lie in the complex and profound interaction of  it's characters.  As bravery and insanity abound; horror and tenderness  will confront you all at once. A must read for those who wish to be  sickened and inspired simultaneously. A truly extraordinary and insightful  work.
0792843584|5.0|Imagine my surprise in finding the 219 minute version finally put on the shelves.  Am I dreaming!   I just ordered the DVD and cannot wait to view this much appreciated film by the few, but growing number who regard it as  a modern American classic.
6303140157|4.0|I bought this today from the store and it was good. I bought it because Jennifer Love Hewitt was in it. I'm a big JLH fan! I was disappointed though that she wasn't in enough of the movie. But she had a good  performance.
0790729628|5.0|IF YOU HAVE SEEN THE NEW END, AND YOU DIDN'T LIKE IT, PLEASE READ THIS REVIEW. IN OTHER CASE, FORGET IT.   I think you haven't understood it. Decker is a replicant. The unicorn (paper made) represents the Decker's  dream. Even his fantasies are implants.
0767802659|5.0|Starship Troopers is an enjoyable venture. Verhoeven proves his place is in Sci/Fi. This movie has a great satirical script, mind boggling CGI, superb sets and killer costume design. The DVD has phenomonal sound and  picture quality. Complete with your moneys worth of special features its a  good addition to any Sci/Fi collection.
6301976983|5.0|Hello, Yes, this movie is one of my favorites and I do have the VHS of this movie.  But, what I would like is the Sound Track of this movie if there is one available.  Please write to my E-mail address and let me know.   MS152@aol.com--thank You
B000000993|5.0|This CD is the best CD I bought in my life
B00002MZ2T|5.0|We can only give five stars?  At first, I bought this CD for I Knew I Loved You, but after listening to it, I have to say it is truly awesome.  I Knew I Loved You is the best song!  It is for those people who are in love  with someone.
B00003OSSL|1.0|This movie looked good; good soundtrack, the actors appeared mismatched... both were dry and boring...I could understand why their partners had affairs...i wish we could have spent time getting to know the passion  between the deceased partners first, before they were killed off... they  seemed more interesting. I like Harrison in action movies, because he is  more believable. Hollywood is always searching for that &quot;Grace  Kelly&quot; cool in leading women.Ms. Scott-Thomas was a bit too cool to  the point of ice....And men like that?
B00000IL1K|5.0|Eden is a wonderfully diverse work, encompassing a wide variety of styles, from pop to opera to even a bit of Gregorian chant.  Brightman moves with ease between them, showing a gifted voice with a tremendous vocal range.   While there are a couple of spots where she's overwhelmed by the  orchestration, that's more a problem with how the tracks were mixed than  lack of power.  I'd love to see and hear this lady sing in concert on the  stage.  I loved this cd from start to finish.  Her version of the theme  from Titanic blows Celine Dion into the weeds.  Other favorites of mine are  In Paradisum and Nessun Dorma.
0553571338|5.0|This book is one of the best I've read in years. Although it was my second time reading it,(I read it this year for my sixth grade class, and also read it 2 years ago) it was equally as great.  This book makes you stop and  relate to our world and life.  It shocks you at every turn and keeps you  reading.  The pages are filled with themes.  The idea of the book might  seem crazy to some people, but it's really not too faraway.  Jonas' life in  the Community will really make you think.  I recommend this book for anyone  ages 11 and up.
B00003CWPR|5.0|...here's one picture that's truly Oscar-worthy.  Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actress (Kidman was what acting was all about in that scene where she was stoned), Best Actor, Best Cinematography, Best Editing, Best  Screenplay, Best Original Score, Best Production Design.  Too bad, the  Academy had its narrow minds shut.
0517548232|5.0|What a great book!  I recommend this book to anyone wishing to learn reality based economics.  The book's arguments for free-markets are simple, powerful and irrefutable.  You do not need a PhD in economics to understand  this book and armed with it you could straighten many a PhD out.  This book  is equally valuable for a teenager just starting in economics or someone  well read in the subject.<br />Hell, I might buy it again.
630575067X|5.0|This is by far the best of the four Star Wars movies-the cast (although Anakin could have been portrayed by a better actor), the soundtrack, and, the effects! This movie makes the past trilogy look like the original Star  Trek series! It's great for kids, adults, all ages-I saw it 3 times!
B000022TSY|5.0|Watching this movie, and reading a book called &quot;RIch Dad, Poor Dad&quot;, you learn that that people would rather sit and talk about freedom without actually doing it!  I saw this movie in 1985 at the age of  7, but could not get it.  I watched this again last summer and the point I  understood was &quot;People are jealous of free people, but they are too  scared to steer away from the crowd to pursue their goals in life&quot;.   Like Nicholson said, &quot;Talking about being free and actually doing it  are two different things.  You tell some people they ain't free...they're  gonna kill you&quot;.    So, if you have not seen this you should.  Also go  buy two books called, &quot;Rich Dad Poor Dad&quot; and &quot;Cashflow  Quadrant&quot; by Robert Kiyosaki.  Put the movie and the books together  and you'll understand the combination of freedom, money and psychology all  in one!
B00002Z88D|5.0|It is a great album with a bunch of Metallica's greatest hits, it has hits off Master Of Puppets, Ride The Lightning, Load, Re-load, And one off ...And Justice For All, but it has no songs off Kill 'Em All nor Garge Inc.  but I dont really think material off Kill 'Em All would really work with a  orchestra well. Overall S&amp;M is a great album!
6302752337|2.0|Easy Rider is a legendary movie. This ofcourse is due to its cultural and box office impact rather then the quality of the film itself. Today the film is merely a curio-item, but as a film, it just doesn't work. Witness  for example the ludicrous dialogue, when a farmer invites Fonda and Hopper  to eat with his family, there is a close-up of Fonda's face as he says  &quot;Its great thing for a man to live off the land, you should be  proud.&quot; Please, this sounds like a public service commercial for some  farmers union. Hopper as a director has this highly annoying gimmick of  falshing frames of the next scene twice before actually moving onto it, and  he does'nt do it once but throughout the film. Now I'm aware that this  gimmickry might have been revolutionary back in the sixties, but now it  only breaks the flow of a film that is already hard to sit through. The  movie consists of endless shots of Fonda and Hopper on their bike, and not  much else, but it does however recieve a major jolt with Jack Nicholson's  arrival, he briefly awakens this movie out of its slumber. Unfortunatly  he's not on for long, and we're back to Fonda and Hopper on bikes. The  movie then ends in an extended acid trip which despite being completely  pointless is far more entertaining then the rest of this tepid film. Watch  this if you're a serious film buff and want to know what the hoopla is  about, but once you've gotten through it once, I doubt you'll have it in  you to sit through it again.
B000002HMH|4.0|Ok, the bottom line, I got a haircut at the mall yesterday. Did I sell out, no I didn't! So just because METALLICA got hair cuts and changed their sound of music, no, let me changed that, just because they got haircuts and  matured their music does not mean they sold out. They are some great songs  on Load, trust me its worth the money because you know something, Metallica  never sold out, and they never will. And don't bother to look for my review  for Re-load, it would just be the same.
B0000025BL|1.0|Actually, this isn't true.  This album's sequel, the oh so cleverly titled &quot;Bat Out of Hell II&quot; is just like this one making them two of a kind.  But anyhow, they both are pretty bad.  Laughable in one sense, but  hardly in the same league as the albums the previous reviewer lists.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|Alot of Rage fans are mad because they haven't really matured in there sound of music. (for examply Metallica has matured in their sound of music) and to listen to Evil Empire and then listen to this it really sounds like  Rage did Evil Empire for the fans, and then did Battle of LA for the money.  Not for the fans. Dont get me wrong it is an ok album, but not as good as  their best album, which is Evil Empire.
B0000025BL|1.0|Actually, this isn't true.  This album's sequel, the oh so cleverly titled &quot;Bat Out of Hell II&quot; is just like this one making them two of a kind.  But anyhow, they both are pretty bad.  Laughable in one sense, but  hardly in the same league as the albums the previous reviewer lists.
B000002H6C|5.0|...And Justice For All is one of Metallica's heavier albums but still it is an album with deep insightful lyrics that amaze even non Metallica fans, this is an album that is a must own for everyone, even for non metallica  fans! It has gone platinum plus and it is still serving justice in the year  2000!
6305718954|4.0|I found Stigmata to be &quot;edge of the seat, nerve-chilling stuff&quot; .....a new and interesting theme for the science fiction genre.  Can it (science fiction) get any deeper than &quot;the crucifixion&quot; and what  happened those last hours?
B000002H97|5.0|When people think of this album, even though the amount of main albums that Metallica made was nine, an odd number, this album always comes up in the middle. This is the album when people started thinking Metallica got  trendy, mainstream, ya know sold out. Ha Ha, metallica selling out?  Wouldent believe it becuase it never happened. The black album is a classic  that will never be forgotten, trust me, never...
B000007T1M|2.0|i heard alot about how great this band was. One of my friends actually told me i Should go and buy it, but after hearing &quot;sugar&quot; on the radio...well lets just say i wont be getting their self titled album  anytime soon. ive listened to other songs on the album from Mp3's and stuff  like that and the songs &quot;suggestions&quot; and &quot;P.L.U.C.K.&quot;  are by far the best ive heard from the album. Yet, Still i cant believe why  people say they are soo great. The vocalist sings in a voice that almost  sounds like he's joking about everything he is saying. I myself, rate songs  mostly on how they sound(afterall music IS sound) or if the lyrics are  completely amazing. well.....SOAD's lyrics definitely arent very amazing.  so then that leaves it up to the sound......and again i dont see what  people see in them! the songs lack a sense of togetherness. i mean one  minute he will be singing in a sort of whiney, whimpering voice, then next  he lets out a hardcore growl. However, i will be the first to agree that  many bands can go through this transition and make it sound amazing, but  SOAD is not one of them.    i listen to bands like Soulfly, fear factory,  KoRn, RATM, static-X and others similar to that. (if i listed my other  favorites most of you will probably never had heard of them so i dont see  any point in listing them.) Either way, this album is a 2 because it beats  out all the nsync and backstreet boy albums out there, but of course thats  not much of an accomplishment.....
B00000J2L7|5.0|In the late 1940's, Admiral Blandy of the US Navy said, &quot;I am not an atomic playboy...I am not doing these tests to satisfy some personal whim&quot;. Proceeding this statement, the continuation of nuclear tests on  Bikini, Eniwetok,Christmas Island and the Nevada Proving Grounds led to  such a great exaggeration of power and perversion through the unrelenting  detonation of thousands of nuclear explosions (some near 100 megatons!)and  at least 331 atmospheric explosions (how about that ozone---CFCs seem an  unlikely culprit)that it had to be America's most severe and secret  addiction.  <br />The propaganda surrounding the &quot;general crisis of  hostile nuclear invasions&quot; was a front to allow for the continued  stockpiling of nuclear weopons, and it was a liscence for the contiuned  'orgasmic' detonation (check this theme out as a metaphor and motif in the  film!) of sub-aqueous, atmospheric, sub-terranian as well as surface  detonations throughout the 50's and early 60's.  This film, aside from its  'dark' genius, develops many of the truths that surround this &quot;era of  defense&quot; and the significance of the Cuban Missile Crisis as a check  point in the history of the human conscience.  <br />A mandatory family  possession.  I will show it 24 hours a day on my own satellite.  I will  open a restaurant called Strangelove's. I will serve my favorite drink, a  Precious Bodily Screwdriver.  I will contact and interview Slim Pickens and  reveal the truth about his secret admiration for world destruction.  Is he  still alive?
B00001ZTMY|5.0|Finally I bought the CD! Incredible Tracks!  Shurik'n is the 4th IAM member to go solo, Akhenaton, Imhotep(the man behind the sounds) and Kheops(the DJ of the group) already drop their bombs. The rapper made us  wait for this one and I must tell you right away: IT WAS WORTH WAITING!  This album is a pure chef-d'oeuvre of hard work and sharp lyrics that will  make you wonder what we call lyrics in USA? From &quot;Samurai&quot; to  &quot;Manifeste&quot;,  it's all well worked and weighted. The asiatic  sounds(produced by the taoist Shurik'n himself) will touch any listener at  a very deep level(even if you don't understand the  words.<br />&quot;Samurai&quot; talks about Shurik'n as a street warrior ready  to die with pride(like a samurai)<br />&quot;Ou je vis&quot; is a affected Jo  narating to the aliens how life is on earth; take a look at the hook:  &quot;Look where I live   People still dying from hunger,cold,boredom;  You  shut up or you pay the price;  Look at those laughing;  Conscience is like  a stain, it can be wiped&quot;<br />&quot;J'attends&quot; is the story of a  thug in prison who's been sentenced for life<br />&quot;Les Miens&quot; tell  us the story of the group IAM and how they've made it despite lack of faith  from others<br />&quot;Memoire&quot; tells us how our choices affect our  lives: &quot;If I am where I am today it's because of the decisions I took  at certain corners of my life&quot;<br />&quot;Lettre&quot; is a letter of a  grand father to his grand-son. &quot;You will need a lot of boldness  courage to prevent the dusts made by those around you and if one day you  feel traped, you'll always have one person you can think of, and you know  it!&quot; Great stuff!<br />Than you have other great songs like  &quot;Reves&quot;, &quot;Y'a pas le choix&quot; and  &quot;Manifeste&quot;.<br />In conclusion this is an absolute must for hip-hop  fans everywhere!
630521610X|5.0|Personally my favourite movie of all time, why, I dont know, I can just watch it over and over again without getting the slightest bit bored. It has wonderful characters, a cool story, a great killer, some nice gore, and  to top it off its funny as well as damn scary. Everyone loved this film  when it first came out, but now it seems people think they are to cool to  admit they like a teen slasher flik. Well sorry, Im not running with that  pack! Think for yourselves people!
B000002Q88|4.0|This album has always had its ups and downs with me. But what makes me come back to this CD time and again are the three songs &quot;One Big Sky&quot; (uplifting), &quot;Ghosts&quot; (downright sad, spooky &amp;  eerie), and &quot;Rainmaker&quot; (one of my all-time favorite songs). With  its hypnotic tale-weaving and frentic, musical bridge,  &quot;Rainmaker&quot; is an awesome showcase of Walsh's and Morse's  songwriting talents.
B00000K0EA|3.0|As a Bond devotee who skipped out on the last few releases in the theaters, this was a real disappointment.  Brosnan showed he has the stuff in Goldeneye, but Broccoli's direction is *sorely* missed in this  DieHard/Seagall-ish shoot-em-up.  Not too many years ago Roger Moore was  even concerned about kicking the villain's car over a cliff.  Now Bond  spews bullets like Rambo....  The plot is clever, very much up to  standards, but the new direction/production staff needs to find its  *direction* to make Bond work in the 21st.  We're all pulling for 'em!
B000002Q7Y|4.0|The critics may pan it but I love it. Being one of the first recordings I ever bought on CD, I remember sitting in front of my stereo, transfixed and mesmerized by the guitar work and the lyrical poetry. I consider &quot;3  Pretenders&quot;, &quot;Taking In The View&quot;, and the mystical &amp;  enchanting &quot;Tomb 19&quot; to be the hidden gems on this one.
B000002OVJ|5.0|The Who's &quot;Live At Leeds&quot; album was recorded and released in 1970, in between the release of their two best LPs - &quot;Tommy&quot; and &quot;Who's Next&quot;.  The LP only had 6 tracks on it originally and even  when the album was first transferred to CD in the late 1980s it still only  featured the original 6 tracks.  The new, remastered version is awesome.   Considered by many rock music lovers - not just avid Who fans - to be one  of, if not THE, best live album ever recorded.  The Who's performance is  electrifying and here we also get 8 extra tracks.  I don't know who was  responsible for remastering this disc, but whoever did it has done a  fantastic job because this is probably the warmest sounding CD I've ever  heard.  All the warmth and ambience of an analogue recording is present and  the sound just seems to leap out of your hi-fi speakers.  For a three-piece  band, the Who had a massive sound but were also very clever at dynamics.   This is a cracking live album of one of the greatest British rock bands  captured during what was arguably their best and most awe-inspiring period.   No lover of good rock music should be without this CD - along with  &quot;Tommy&quot; and &quot;Who's Next&quot;, this album ranks among the  Who's finest.
6305750750|3.0|All die-hard fans cannot help but love this pre-continuation of the saga.  The story line was good and the actors filled the rolls perfectly.  While I agree with other reviews that the special effects were great; they seemed a  little over done.  The under-water scenes and especially the grassy field  battle scene were just too much.  I think the lack of using life-size props  and scale models took away from some of the realism that the old films  carried.  It is also sad to see that with our technology advances the  spacecraft looks more high-tech than the stuff in the first films, causing  the story line to be out of kilter.
630575067X|5.0|Most people who have this movie says the screenplay stunk. I think it fits in well with the whole Star Wars plot. Once Episode 2 comes out i'm sure this movie will make more sense.
0515127485|2.0|The premise of this story is brilliant, however Harris is unable to pull it off in a convincing fashion. While it keeps your attention throughout, the ending is somewhat unrealistic and disappointing. If you are looking  for an escape into a thriller this may do, however don't expect it to  portray a realistic portrait of Modern Russia. Additionally, other than the  main character, all of the other players are relatively superficial.
B0000062GE|5.0|When listening to this cd you are taken on journy of the soul. Chris hall will sing about anything that affects him deeply which is something of a rarety in music today. One thing about this cd is that it has the ability  to make even a prozac eating hippy become a depressant. Every song is angry  and distorted but thought the darkness and rain of the cd a ray ot light  comes in the middle with the (in a way) love song &quot;You complete  me&quot; The best song (I think) is &quot;waking up beside you&quot; It's a  wonderful song will strong griping lyrics. The main subject portraied in  the music is the pain and loss of loved ones(Girlfiends, friends) And the  inablity to hold and keep together a happy,loving relationship. All and all  it one of the best cds I have and I would recomend it to any metal/rock fan  out there.
B00003XB8K|2.0|I first encountered Enigma in the early 1990s in France.  That initial CD was amazing, and really interesting.  I still listen to it.  The following releases have all been more of the same, and not nearly as well-done or  creative.  Colour them boring.  New stuff, Puhleeze....
0440219078|5.0|I'm a twelve year old who read this book in two days when books the same size usually take me at least a week. I read this book when suggested it by a friend. I'm glad I read it! It's about a boy named Jonas who lives in a  community in the far away furture. The world he lives in is perfect. No one  has a choice about anything from whom their spouce should be to what job  they should choose. They don't even make their own children! A person is  selected to do this job. Every one is the same and every one develops the  same. Children even have their birthdays on the same day! The rules are  very complicated because they don't want the would to go back to the same  state as it was long before. When Jonas turns twelve, he gets the highly  honored job of resever of memories. The person who gives him the memories  is the giver who got the memories from the giver who gave him the memories  and so on. The reserver's job is important because he is the one who  reseaves all the painful memories of the past which are given to him so  that the community won't turn to what it once was. Some of the memories are  painful but some are also good memories of things such as colors and  birthday parties and love. So, wanting to get away from the community and  go &quot;Elsewhere&quot;, where there supposidly are colors and everything  he reseaves. This book is very good but I think a little to strong for  younger children such as when you learn what really happenes when people  are &quot;realesed&quot; form the community. Otherwise, this is a great  book and, I think, deserved the Newbury medal, which it was awarded.
0449911357|5.0|Hello! My name is Sunny, and i am 13 years old. my mother gave me this book(fried green) for me to read for my book report, but i did not want to read it, b/c it was so long. so i read it in my free time. i loved this  book from cover-to-cover! it tells a great story about 2 women in the 80's-  one is a fat woman, eagar to lose weight, and is also going through a bad  case of menapause, Evelyn, and the other is an old lady, Mrs. Threadgoode  who has lived through the Great Depression, and everytime her friend comes  in the lounge of her nursing home she  talks about her days during the  Depression, and her friends during that time. she tells about the hard  days, when the KKK ruled over the South, and when a full meal cost 35  cents. they were hard days, but she tells how she and her friends, Idgie  and Ruth lived through them, making it an exciting and suspensful tale,  that really makes you want to have lived through that time, in Whistle Stop  Alabama.  If you want more information, read the book, cuz it is 10x better  than the reviews make it sound! Oh, and after or before the book, watch the  movie. you can rent it at a video store, but check your t.v. guide, because  it was on a couple of days ago. luv ya!, &gt;&gt;~~**sUnNy**~~&lt;&lt;
B00000DFRS|1.0|This album is not what you are hearing on the radio.  My Love Is Your Love is slow and not the version made popular.  Whitney may think her album version is artsy but it is not what makes this song popular.
B00003A9QI|5.0|With most scores that are of a romantic nature or a romantic comedy nature they usually result in a jazz arrangement or a bouncy score that is not very fitting for what the movie is. Even to schmaltz heavy. Even though  Rachel Portman's usual style is more bouncy. She takes a new approach in  this score.<br />Rachel Portman uses no complex themes or orchestrations in  this score. It all simple elegance is what makes it so beautiful. The main  theme is the highlight of the score. It's simple orchestrations is what  makes is so beautiful. At the end of the cd is when it gets very moving.  The three best tracks are Dr. Larch dies, Good nights you princes of main  and the main theme. <br />I could have seen James Horner taking a stab at this  movie. The music is no strange territory for him and i could have seen  Horner score this movie for it's simple elegance I'll bet he was a prime  contender for this assingment. But i still think that it took a woman's  touch for this score to make it so tragic ad moving and beautiful.<br />Maybe  if Rachel Portman plays her cards right she could win Best Original score  for this movie. Also if the academy has a brain at all or for Thomas  Newmans score for the favorite American Beauty. Even though i loved  American Beauty the score i mean. I still think that this is an all  american score. Even though the  themes are all american the emotions are  almost universal. <br />All things aside in my opinion what makes a score is  the intergal part in the movie and the on it's own. Some scores work both  on and off the screen  That is where The Cider House Rules falls. Some  scores work only with the film or just alone. Biut this one really works on  both levels.
6304907648|4.0|There was some rather implausible stuff going on between Sigourney Weaver and the serial killer over the Internet. Every time I see someone sit in front of a computer in a movie, I groan, and this was no exception.<br />I had  just finished a popular book within the serial killer genre before seeing  this movie, and was surprised to see certain aspects of the plot almost  mirrorred. I won't say which book, because I wouldn't want to spoil the  movie.<br />It is, in fact, a very good movie. The two points above cost it a  star, but everything else flowed together nicely. If you know your serial  killer lore, this movie will reward you.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I love this cd.  Before I bought the cd, I had only heard &quot;What If&quot; and &quot;Higher&quot; on the radio but I have listened to the cd all the way through several times and I like the other songs better every  time I hear them.  All of the songs are unique in their own way which in  turn makes the cd very versatile.  Hence, there is a song for everyone.  I  highly recommend this cd to anyone who likes rock music.
B000000H6D|5.0|This album is full of drak gothic metal. This cd has the hit Black No. 1 Its a must have. For any Soulfly, Pist On, Kittie Fan.
0451191153|5.0|A wonderful look into the passion of architecture...and some other philosophical stuff as well.
B0000028M7|5.0|I got this album when it first came out this has got to be the best Alice In Chains Cd. Facelift, Jar Of Flys, Alice In Chains and MTV Unplugged was good but not as good as this album. If you like Alice In Chains and You  dont have this one you should pick this one up.
6304711875|4.0|It was kind of more than your run-of-the-mill slasher movie.....oh wait no it wasn't. But it still....can I start over? Okay!<br />I must say, I liked this movie very much. It was interesting, suspenseful, and cool with the  gore.<br />To that guy dissing teens who like this: why don't you just go back  to your hidey hole and ask your friends (if you have any) what WHO WANTS TO  BE A MILLIONAIRE is. This movie was good.
0399230033|5.0|A friend gave us this book when our son was 12 weeks old; Mom and I have read it multiple times a day...even when our son isn't awake!  The simple text is wonderful and lets the illustrations and animated expressions tell  the story.  It now outranks diapers as the perfect gift for new parents!
0767805712|5.0|The is by far one of the greatest movies ever made period - if not one of the most frightening ones made too. The plot is both chilling as it is scarry, the acting is by far powerful, and the pacing is perfect. I can't  think of anything bad about Gattaca to be honest - and the DVD is perfect  too. The DVD contains both the pan &amp; scan plus the widescreen versions  (plus the widescreen is anamorphic 16x9 which is perfect). Plus the extras  are wonderful - missing scenes, making of, etc etc. If you want to show  someone what the benefits of DVD are - show them this one! This is a gem  all the way thru - flawless movie making touched with a perfectly flawless  DVD!
6303367518|4.0|i thought this movie would be just about a family white water rafting,but when i saw it i was wrong!i wanted to see it a million more times.this one is worth renting
B00003CWPR|1.0|Even the superfluity of formal nicety can't redeem this pretentious movie by one of cinema's most over-rated directors.  What of it is being celebrated as psycho-sexual insight is simply platitudinous.  Kubricks's  despotic and fatuous self-assurance is oppressively evident in its  merciless length, its arbitrarily long pauses in the midst of vacuous  speech, its gratutiously voyeuristic nudity, and in the directorially  enforced blandness (and, on occasion, freakishness) of the acting.
0790733226|2.0|&quot;Contact&quot; began with promise.  The first 30-40 minutes told a compelling scientific detective story.  I looked forward to seeing the science team interact, detect, and piece together the alien signals.   Sadly, the intelligent characters were cast aside and the plot moved to  Washington, D.C., not known as a mecca for bold, original thinkers.<br />With  all the richness and possibilities inherent in cinema, I was frustrated to  witness so many scenes revolving around TV news screens and the lingering  reaction shots of the cast.  Great scientific discoveries were being made,  but the director chose to show the characters having dull meetings and  watching TV.  &quot;Contact&quot; was weighed down by sappy music  throughout.<br />It wasn't possible to take &quot;Contact&quot; seriously  after the tedious second act.  The main character was diminished by the  filmmakers' unimaginative reliance on crudely caricatured antagonists.  The  sets and special effects were well done, but there was no need to dwell on  them.<br />Big Moments happened every 7 minutes, and the story's power was  diluted by the time Dr. Arroway began the space voyage.  When there was no  turning back and her face was at maximum contortion, I thought she finally  understood the true meaning of the cryptic Vega message: It's a cookbook!
6301963717|4.0|i really dug the pacing of this film&amp;it's vibe thru out.I especially though that John Turturro was outstanding here.this film was directed well.it keeps your attention for the most part.very well-scripted.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|This is a great record and it is my personal fave from Maiden.  My favorite tracks are &quot;The Prophecy&quot; and &quot;The Evil That Men Do&quot;.  Steve Harris proved on this record that he is the best songwrite  in metal.
1558801871|2.0|a couple of things jump off the Bat first Spike Lee is a frustrated Musician inside&amp;2nd he has watched music films and taking the parts he felt were essential to making this picture.this film doesn't work mainly  because And I agree with Spike Clint Eastwood messed up Bird so bad.I  understand his take on making the music the central figure.also he takes on  his buddy Prince Thru Denzel Washington's ROle between the  Musician&amp;Person.never dividing the two.much like what Prince did in  Purple Rain.the power of control of everything.and the shade of the Sisters  is Brought to Light so many times in this film.Spike tried to many things  to make this film work.Denzel&amp;Wesley are cool but stick to the  soundtrack to hear the tight Playing Of Braford Marsalis,Terrence Blanchard  The Brother does all of Spikes Scores and his POPs Bill Lee a very talented  Musician.Right Idea but way to basic Story&amp;FEEL.STILL SPIKE LEE IS A  VISUAL GENIUS.
0345410025|5.0|I did not think the human mind was capable of such things. What that book taught me will help me the rest of my life. A must for students!
6302110165|5.0|this film makes you respect Life.it doesn't go over the top it stays focused.ROBin Williams&amp;Robert De Niro are solid thru out.while this past Decade hasn't been kind to both Actors in terms of roles this one is a  Winner.
0060977493|5.0|Ms Roy quietly slips in, and takes your heart captive, while adroitly engaging your brain.  She forces you to confront the ugliness of human nature, present in us all, then soothes the raw spot with visionary words of hope, and love...  If you are unaffected by this book, if your guts  aren't pitched to and fro, if your heart isn't rent asunder, then patched  &lt;haphazardly&gt; back together, then you must be either hollow, or dead.
B000002P7R|5.0|I was feeling this Disc.it's blazing as usual for most of Jimi's Albums.Power of Soul is Funky.when he plays you feel&amp;hear so many elements coming together all at once.that's his Genius.The title cut would  have fit perfectly with either James Brown or Sly&amp;the Family Stone.what  a Groove.Midnight&amp;Pali Gap are Tight as well.after you hear this disc  you will know why he was one of a kind.A TRUE MUSICAL GENIUS.
0783216084|4.0|If you believe in the widespread notion that all sharks love to terrorise and eat people you will be scared by and hopefully 'enjoy' this film.  However, if you are of a slightly more informed and rational mind you may  want to dismiss some of what this film offers as a little far fetched. This  is not to say however that you won't find it scary or enjoyable.  Spielberg's direction manages to tap a fear common to most of us- the  vulnerability of swimming in the sea and not knowing what's beneath you.  The film also uses great cinematography to create some truly suspenseful  and shocking scenes. <br />Another area where I feel this film shines is in  the casting.  The trio of Scheider, Shaw and Dreyfuss works wonderfully  well in the film's finale and Shaw's performance as the eccentric and  obsessive 'Captain Ahab' Quint is legendary. So really, the only reason  this film doesn't get five stars is because towards the end the realism of  the film is lost due to some rather fantastical shark behaviour. If you are  willing to overlook this however, you will find all the hallmarks of a  modern cinema classic.
6304765231|5.0|Superb.  In my opinion, this is one of the greatest movies ever made on so many levels -- story, casting, directing, editing, to name just a few -- that it will be a long time before anything comes close to accomplishing  what this movie did.  From the opening sequence, to the narritive hook, to  Draven leaving his calling card (the silhouette of the Crow in one form or  another), and to the climactic finale, every second of this movie is to be  relished and enjoyed to the fullest.  Too bad the rating system only goes  to five stars.  I'd give it ten stars if it were possible.  Buy it now.  You will not regret it.
0884360458|4.0|I read this book as part of my 'A' level french course, I found it to be difficult in parts but humourous and had very vivid images of Provence.  It gave me great view of Provence and when writing my final piece of coursework I had many ideas to base it on.  It may take you time at first  to get used to the descriptive language but it is well worth reading.
157492589X|5.0|This is the most powerful movie I've ever seen, period.  To call it a &quot;western&quot; is to mistakenly place it in a category with a bunch of mediocre action films with cowboys and Indians.   I don't like westerns.   The fact that it is set in the old west and there are cattle and cowboys  and Indians is really just incidental...the movie is really a romantic  tragedy, every bit as powerful and tragic as Romeo and Juliet.  This is a  story about a man who travels across the country to be with the love of his  life, only to find out (mistakenly) that they can never be together.   Robert Duvall and Ajelica Huston are just masterful in this movie...the  scene in Clair's house where Clair lets out a nervous, hysterical laugh is  the most powerful scene I've ever seen in any movie...the chemistry between  them is so real that it's hard to believe it's just a movie.  The  characters have integrity...honor, pride, justice, love, respect, and  compassion.  The values and ethics are measured throughout the  movie....friendship vs. justice, love vs. independence, etc..  But more  importantly, the characters have weaknesses that they never overcome.   Gus  never overcomes his pride or his laziness, Woodrow never comes to terms  with his own weaknesses.  You get the sense that these are real people, not  some made-up Hollywood characters that change because the movie is about to  end.  The plot of the movie has integrity too... there are no cliches, and  no gratuitous feel-good happy endings.   The movie ends with a lonely old  man denying his weaknesses, trying to find some perspective about his life.   This is one of those rare movies that actually gets better the second time  you watch it, because the second time you realize how tragic the  characters' decisions are.  I've watched it about 20 times over the years,  and it has made me cry every single time.
B000000WA4|4.0|This CD is amazing. It is so emotional and textured. When listening, I often find myself staring off into space. A word of warning though-this CD is VERY depressing. It can seriously touch you deep down into your soul by  tapping all your emotions with a sort of divine simplicity.
630514415X|4.0|Spike Lee's film contribution of 1998 marks his greatest graduation as a filmmaker since &quot;Malcolm X&quot;.  &quot;He Got Game&quot; documents the story of Jesus Shuttlesworth, the top high school basketball player in  the U.S. who is receiving incentives one way or the other, to attend  someone's university.  Jesus' father Jake - in prison for accidentally  killing his mother - is offered an early parole in exchange for Jesus'  enrollment at the governor's alma mater.  Jake has one week to convince his  son, who wants nothing to do with him.  This film is really not about  basketball, it is instead, a tale of a father seeking the forgiveness &amp;  respect of his son.  Lee makes good documentation of the cutthroat world of  professional sports recruiting.  Washington, as always, delivers a touching  performance.   Whether asking his son for forgiveness, or giving his wife's  tombstone an embrace, Washington portrays a flawed man in deep need to heal  his family.<br />Lee had no need to cast an NBA player, but cast Ray Allen  anyway, who does a fine job.  The music, a mix of Public Enemy and Aaron  Copeland, is an odd combination that Lee puts to effective use.  This film  introduced Lee's slower pacing of storytelling, which he would continue to  do with &quot;Summer Of Sam&quot;, and it works quite well.
0380002930|5.0|I've read Hemingway, Steinbeck, Conrad, Fitzgerald, and on and on and on. One tires of Hemingway's tireless digressions and narcissistic portrayals of himself. Steinbeck's attempts to create atmosphere in order to overcome substance just didn't seem to cut. I just don't like fiction because the  author's seem to be living in a &quot;dream land&quot; and they then  project this onto the written page. Then I read a book about a bunch of  bunnies. In fact I read it twice. The first fifty pages will be hard  reading. Simply because the bunnies are simply not very romantic  and are  simply trying to survive. The writing itself is incredible. But what makes  this book  great is that these bunnies are how people actually are in real  life! We have always known people how are quiet but natural born leaders.  People, at first, look down on them. But their dipolomacy and selflessness  leads a group into safety. He is truly brave but not a &quot;natural  born&quot; fighter. Then there is the<br />fighter with a heart of gold and  filled with good intentions. These people do not want to show how much they  care so they are a little bit aggressive. And they are not diplomats. The  first is Hazel, who isn't a small rabbit, but  slightly less than average  in size. Bigwig is the second. He is a large rabbit and a great fighter.  The one rabbit who Bigfoot will finally confront is one big mean  &quot;Momma&quot;. Whew! These type of people want power and control. The  more power  and control they lose, the more they want. They usually  self-destruct. It's a bit different with this rabbit. Hazel will lead his  rabbits among thick and thin. But the amazing thing is that he knows how to  pick the talents of  his group and he doesn't seem to have any real unique  talent except to size up the situation totally. That and his unselfishness.  He even calls on his weak brother, Fiver, for his intuition. But the main  genius of this book is the exact match of bunnies with all the humans we we  have met (which is really quite funny!). One bunny just conforms to his  fate and takes everything that is tossed at him. I won't talk about this  warren. It is chilling to the bone. I would rather watch the  &quot;holocaust&quot; on TV. Stephen King, the horror writer, stated that  this book can really &quot;chill&quot; you out with horror.  What humans or  rabbits can do under adverse conditions is quite sick and understandable. I  keep &quot;blanking out&quot; when I remember that part of the book. The  end comes in a smashing series of encounters in which you know that  Hazel-rah (the leader) can not simply win. In fact, a very small chance. To  see if he wins, buy the book and read it.e  have met (which is really quite funny!). One bunny just conforms to his  fate and takes everything that is tossed at him. I won't talk about this  warren. It is chilling to the bone. I would rather watch the  &quot;holocaust&quot; on TV. Stephen King, the horror writer, stated that  this book can really &quot;chill&quot; you out with horror.  What humans or  rabbits can do under adverse conditions is quite sick and understandable. I  keep &quot;blanking out&quot; when I remember that part of the book. The  end comes in a smashing series of encounters in which you know that  Hazel-rah (the leader) can not simply win. In fact, a very small chance. To  see if he wins, buy the book and read it.
B00003CWPR|5.0|One of the most beautiful and interesting films of the 1990's is sadly unappreciated by the general public. It is an extremely artistic film so people who like mainstream blockbuster films need not apply but for those  of us who appreciate movies for the art they are should love this film. It  is truly a shame that many people can not look past the sex and see the  film for what it really is: a pure work of art. A movie in the purest sense  of the word.<br />The directing blew me away. The skill and grace in which the  movie was shot was beyond great. It was perfection. The tradmark Kubrick  corridor shots were among the best and the red that appeared throught out  the film gave it a sexy and sinful feel that was amazing. It was well acted  by Mr. Cruise and Mrs, Kidman but I felt that Sydney Pollack gave one of  the best performances in the picture.<br />This truly great film was sadly  denied any oscar nominations probably due to its controversy. Now that it  is on Dvd and video, I hope that more people will have the chance to see it  and love it as I did. Martin Scorsese made a good choice when he put this  film as his fourth favourite of the 1990's. Go rent or buy this.
067101756X|5.0|I've read literally hundreds of books and articles on UFO's - which I find to be a very serious subject.  Unfortunately there are too many &quot;questionable&quot; sources contributing to the subject and many times it makes a mockery of serious contributers.  In &quot;The Day After  Roswell&quot; Colonel Philip J. Corso provides what I feel is the most  detailed, reliable and completely objective account of history's most  debated UFO incedent.  Colonel Corso is one of a kind - in the right  position at the right time to have first hand knowledge of many interesting  details, a man of unquestionable integrity dedicated to serving the  American people and exposing this incident for what it really is, and a  true master of seperating fact from speculation. The truth is completely  exposed in this book, more completely than I've ever seen.  Everything from  what actually happened in the deserts of New Mexico to the political and  military scramble to not only cover it up but also to prepare a defense  against it. Colonel Corso, I salute you - it takes a man of exceptional  courage to jeapordize such an outstanding military career to do what's  right.
0783229526|3.0|When I first saw this film I didn't care for it. I felt it had some funny stuff in the first half of the film and that was about it. But I have slowly come to appreciate this film (at least parts of it). Being 16 this  was really my first view at a culture I had never seen before: the acid  culture of the 1970s. I feel it looks like it would have been an  interesting time to be alive (although I'm glad I wasn't). This film seemed  to portray it fairly well. I liked Johnny Depp's acting especially his  monologue on the &quot;high and beautiful wave&quot; they were riding in  this time.<br />By no means at great film though. Directing was only moderate  and some of the film is quite repulsive. An interesting film but could be  better. Diserves a 3.5 but not available.
067101756X|2.0|I have been a follower of the Roswell Crash for many years.  There are excellent books that have been written about the subject. I was excited to find a book that would allow me to follow the &quot;rest of the story&quot; through the eyes of someone who was in the know.  I was very disappointed  to find, what I feel to be, some truth, some fiction and lapses of memory  from Corso.  The other disappointment came when I read the reviews at this  website.  If this book is the greatest book ever written to convince people  of the existence and coverup of a crash st Roswell, then I urge all of you  who think this to expand your horizons.
6305470464|5.0|I loved this movie! I rented it b/c of Ryan Phillipe, who was as hot as ever and he gave an amazing performance! He and Angelina Jolie were perfectly matched for their couple! But my ultimate favorite character, who  I thought outshined everyone else in the movie was Jon Stewart! I watch the  Daily Show religiously and he has proven he can act with emotion and be  hysterically funny as always! He and Gillian Anderson were the best couple  in the movie as well!It is funny, emotional and a great movie that no one  can miss! Hey you've got adorably funny and cute Jon Stewart and stellar  stud Ryan Phillipe! Where can you go wrong?      I give this movie an  AAA+++ and as many stars as you can get!
B000002LFU|1.0|The worst thing is that some of these guys are capable, even skilled musicians. But it all falls flat. You need a PhD in BS to get any meaning out of &quot;Orange Crush.&quot; (Actually, you can get every meaning out  of the song since the lyrics are nonsensical and vague). Stipe  grunts/mumbles his incoherent blather and then expounds his  &quot;message&quot; via interviews and t-shirt slogan. With so many artists  out there who have something to say, why would you waste your time with  these featherweight intellects diddlng simple riffs the Beatles made  obsolete years ago?<br />Stay away, unless you like REM and its souless  egofest, then by all means, strap on a bib and dig in to a thoroughly  incomprehensible meal.
B00004LN16|4.0|I didn't think the boys had another one left in them but this is pretty damm good.  OK - it's not Highway to Hell or Back in Black, but what is. It's by far the best since the last classic &quot;For Those About To  Rock&quot;.  Party on Angus. &quot;Let there be ROCK&quot;!
6303477259|5.0|the most mind blowing concert i've ever seen please release it in LD or DVD format
6302732875|5.0|The finest salesman movie of all time (sorry Willy Loman). The scene with Pacino selling the property to the mark in the bar is supreme.  (&quot;You know, I'm glad I met you).  I watch it over and over. Could Spacey be more  of a putz?  By the way, it's worth it to see Boiler Room, just to see Ben  Affleck do a WEAK impersonation of Baldwin from GGGR. Issue:  How could  this not be on DVD?   Anyone have any info on DVD availability?
6305364613|4.0|Many people who dislike this movie had no idea what they were getting into.  You have to know a little Shakespeare or put forth the effort to understand the language.  We're used to passive entertainment, but to  appreciate this movie you need to take a day or two and read the play.  The  language does take some getting used to.  Many Shakespeare fans dislike the  rock-video feel of it, but I don't think that's a drawback at all.   Shakespeare wrote for everyone, from the most cultured to the most common,  and his plays have immense value on many different levels.  There is no  golden law that says the plays cannot be taken out of the Elizebethan  setting.  This film has a weird dystopian feel that I really liked.  I  can't say I'm a huge fan of Dicapprio but I don't think he killed the  language - Kermit the Frog couldn't kill Shakespeare's language.  Anyway,  if you like Shakespeare already or if you're willing to put forth just a  little effort, I think this film has a lot to offer.  If nothing else it  has exposed the MTV generation (my peers, for better or worse) to a great  writer they've usually considered boring and inaccessible.  I hope more  adaptations like this follow.
6305657947|4.0|Interestingly, it wasn't so much the affair between Rene and Pierce that grabbed me. (I thought their romance was just okay).  I loved the caper. Particuarly towards the end of the movie. The last 20 minutes or so of the  film makes the movie worth the price of a ticket (or dvd). Very slick, very  stylish, very well done film overall. And the soundtrack is great, too.
0767827015|5.0|I loved this movie ever since I saw at the movies a couple years back. This is not just about gangs, it's about inner city kids lives. I put this on my top ten list. Oh ye Im even white too.
B00003CWPR|2.0|Even when it was published in the 1920's, Arthur Schnitzler's A DREAM STORY was a period piece, set in turn-of-the-century Vienna, in the days before, to quote E. B. White, &quot;serious writers got sex down on the  carpet for the count.&quot;  In short, at a time when a polite, wealthy  married woman's confession that she fantasized about making love with a  complete stranger might throw her relationship into real turmoil.  It was  also a period in which a Jewish doctor had to tread with the utmost care  through life, lest his fragile assimilation into gentile be threatened (and  if anything can threaten tenous assimilation, it's sexual impulses).  And  it was a period in which bored Catholic aristocrats, out for a little dirty  fun, might very well hold orgies which set out to blashpheme the church of  which they were indifferent members.<br />But none of this seemed to have  occurred to Stanley Kubrick as he set out to adapt Schnitzler's novella.   Thus Schnitzler's tale of Ault Wien is plunked down into the middle of  moder-day Manhattan, with a pair of terribly gentile stars in the lead.   The orgy is still there, still terribly formal and masked and striving to  be blasphemous, but deprived of a cultural context, it just seems  silly.<br />Which is a pity, because the basic theme of the novel, how sexual  impulses can disrupt our lives to the point of destroying them sometimes,  isn't at all dated.  It's just that Kubrick never really tried to devise a  modern version of this story-just dressed Schnitzler's residents of a dying  Austro-Hungarian empire in modern clothes and moved them into a New York  apartment.  <br />As for New York, it's curiously absent from this film as  well.  Even the New York of Mayor Guiliani, with its cleaner streets and  lower crime rate, isn't as placid and tidy as Kubrick's backlot version.   <br />It's rather odd to say much about the acting in a Kubrick film, since  there usually isn't much, but there are performances here, andpretty good  ones. Tom Cruise is effortlessly appealing, and in the scene where he  breaks down over the dead body of a suicided call-girl, he could break your  heart.  Nicole Kidman's role is rather skimpy, but she makes you feel the  woman's confusion and sadness, and despite the fact that Kubrick shoots her  like a blow-up sex doll at times, she maintains her dignity and humanity.   As always, Sydney Pollack is easily appealing as a tycoon who's a patient  of Cruise and a regular orgy attendee.<br />Kubrick's direction is a little  better than usual. In private, he was notorious for driving no faster than  30 miles an hour down the road, and this film moves at a similar pace.  And  drivers who go to slowly are as likely to get ticketed as those who go too  fast.  Not so movie directors. And to linger, for minutes at a time, over  scenes where little is said and little of that is interesting, strikes me  as grounds for having you license suspended.  Or at least for going back to  traffic school . . .
6305358567|4.0|ELIZABETH is the biography of arguably the most famous monarch in British history.  But make no mistake about it, this is no stately costume drama.  Director Shekhar Kapur, in his English-language debut, makes sure of that.   What we have is a very modern GODFATHER-type epic, set in 16th-century  Britain, whose style reminded me of a toned down version of Baz Luhrmann's  ROMEO + JULIET.<br />Cate Blanchett is absolutely amazing to watch as she  evolves from innocent youth to hardened political powerplayer.  Geoffrey  Rush is also extremely good as the sinister Walsingham.  Joseph Fiennes,  Ralph's little brother, plays Elizabeth's lover Robert Dudley in this  picture.  Fiennes seems to be a less intense actor than his brother, which  works well for this role.  He actually reminded me of a British Tom Hanks,  if such a thing is possible.  Vincent Cassel as the Duc D'Anjou is a hoot  as well.  The rest of the actors are pretty good, except for the two Sirs,  Richard Attenborough and John Gielgud.  Gielgud's part amounts to nothing  more than a glorified cameo, but he does what he can with the role.   Attenborough, on the other hand, just stands there and says his lines.  One  of the worst performances I've ever seen him give.<br />The acting is not the  only thing that makes ELIZABETH a delight.  Director Kapur uses many modern  innovations, including using jump cuts for a scene where Elizabeth  rehearses a speech, and the climax, which reeked of THE GODFATHER.  The  subtle cinematography by Remi Adefarasin is both striking and evocative,  and adds to the rich tapestry of the film, especially the sets by John  Myhre and costumes by Alexandra Byrne.  Although Kapur condenses and  exaggerates a few facts in order to suit his vision, ELIZABETH makes for an  exciting, entertaining (if somewhat fictionalized) history lesson.
0375751513|3.0|When I first bought this book, I expected it to be one of the best novels I had ever read. Boy, was I wrong. The book held my interest for the first half, but it got very boring. I skipped to about page 190, read a very exciting part, and then I skipped all the way to the end to read a stunning  ending. If all that excess in the middle had been deleted, I would have  given the book 5 stars.
B00001SIES|5.0|Muse are the best new band i`ve heard for a very long time and Showbiz can probably be classed as an essential album. With tracks Like Muscle Museum, Cave, Unintended and Sober it`s not hard to see why they`ve been called the  future of British music by critics. And I have`nt mentioned Radiohead once.  Oops.
0060283122|5.0|We thoroughly enjoyed this weirdly wonderful book!  The story is clever and darkly comic and reminded us a bit of the Harry Potter books.
B00000I0XW|5.0|I have to agree with reviewer, Kurt, below, who said the CD was not mastered well.  And I, too, love Brightman's voice and bought the CD most for Pie Jesu.  I disagree, in part, with the reviewers who complain about  Don't Cry For Me, Argentina.  While this is, probably the worst song on the  CD, it is certainly much better than Madonna's horrible rendition!  But  then, Madonna just doesn't have Sarah's voice.  Despite it's flaws, I gave  this CD five stars because it is filled with lovely songs from one of the  best sopranos alive.  It can give you many hours of pure enjoyment.
B000002C1W|3.0|This album succeeds in one way, and fails in another.  To Gilmour's credit, AMLOR has some very well-done, well-written songs (One Slip being the standout) that have immediate hooks and enough substance to make you  want to put it into your CD player every now and then, and, despite my  opinion that Waters was the driving force behind Pink Floyd (check out  Amused to Death, perhaps the last real Pink Floyd album, for proof), it is  a much more enjoyable and less dated than Radio KAOS, which was released in  '87 as well.  However, it does not have the same brilliance of its  predecessors, from Atom Heart Mother to the Final Cut.  The album is, at  times, sterile, wimpy, dull, and perhaps pompous as well.  This album is  best suited if you are either (A) a PF fan who wants a change of pace or  (B) a beginner with PF who finds DarkSide or the Wall to weird or scary.
B000001ESP|5.0|Although Rush released this CD in early 1981, some of the songs (mainly the perpetual hit &quot;Tom Sawyer&quot;) could've been relased in the late '80's or early '90's, and no one would've complained. Rush has always been  very good at moving with the times, although it has backfired on them, with  accusations of bandwagon jumping. This CD, though, doesn't get slotted into  one time, because it sounds timeless. Besides the fact that every song  (even the 11-minute long &quot;The Camera Eye&quot;) is very ear-friendly,  the music fits in many different places. The keyboards sound not quite  ultra-modern, but not fossilized, and the guitar, like all good Led  Zeppelin-ish riffage, sounds good no matter what the time period is. Neil,  Alex and Geddy get to show off their chops (their taking turns soloing in  &quot;YYZ&quot; being the best example), but don't overwhelm the songs,  which happened sometimes in their '70's &quot;epics&quot;. Because Rush is  a constantly changing band, you're probably going to find a certain point  in time where their music simply connects with you better than at other  times. For most people, that time was 1981, and Moving Pictures was the  album.
006092988X|5.0|This book was recommended to me by my 8th grade teacher. It is absolutly beautiful! It's so easy to relate to, and it is an easy read. I loved it! I would recommend this book to anyone.
B00000AFHM|5.0|&quot;The Boy With The Arab Strap&quot; is such a brilliant album by such a brilliant band. Stuart Murdoch`s witty and thoughtful lyrics and the band`s ear for a cathcy tune have the ability change peoples lives, and  probably will on this album.
6305013578|1.0|When I saw this movie in twice a cinema with live music I was thrilled to the max both times.<br />This DVD version though falls short in musical score and overall picture quality. It's a disgrace to Fritz Langs'  masterpiece.<br />But for the reasonable price and no other easy sources  available you might decide to live with it...
0790731983|5.0|When I was a kid, my Mom and Aunt wanted to see Judy Garland's daughter in Cabaret.We soon forgot Liza was her daughter after seeing this movie.What a performance.I've never seen a movie like this in my life.The dance moves of  Fosse are unreal.Everything in this movie is weird,when Michael York takes  a leak in the bathroom,and there's a women,who's really a Man, next to him  taking one.Joel Grey in drag,and the funniest part of the film,when Grey  sings and dances with the monkey.Liza was in the costume,and was fantastic.  The year this film came out,Liza was on the cover of Time and Newsweek. She  had a number one special and album,Liza with a Z,that won her all kinds of  awards ,and Liza also won the Oscar for her performace in this film.I don't  think there's a star anywhere who could come close to Liza in 1972-1973.  What a talent.This movie is still timeless today.
B000002C1W|3.0|This album succeeds in one way, and fails in another.  To Gilmour's credit, AMLOR has some very well-done, well-written songs (One Slip being the standout) that have immediate hooks and enough substance to make you  want to put it into your CD player every now and then, and, despite my  opinion that Waters was the driving force behind Pink Floyd (check out  Amused to Death, perhaps the last real Pink Floyd album, for proof), it is  a much more enjoyable and less dated than Radio KAOS, which was released in  '87 as well.  However, it does not have the same brilliance of its  predecessors, from Atom Heart Mother to the Final Cut.  The album is, at  times, sterile, wimpy, dull, and perhaps pompous as well.  This album is  best suited if you are either (A) a PF fan who wants a change of pace or  (B) a beginner with PF who finds DarkSide or the Wall to weird or scary.
B00000JMOF|5.0|The stage is set: excitement is building in an old abandoned watch tower turned laboratory.  A brilliant doctor and his demented assistant wait for the finale of a landmark scientific experiment.  Three onlookers watch as  they prepare.  Outside a violent storm is raging.  Finally, it reaches it's  peak.  Electrical equipment flashes.  Slowly a large table with a covered  human form is raised to the roof of the building. Tension mounts.  After a  pre-specified time the table is lowered to the floor.  Slowly, the right  hand of the shape starts to move.  The doctor is the first to notice and  exclaims, &quot;It's moving, it's alive, it's moving, it's alive, it's  alive, it's alive! &quot;.  So begins the life of one of filmdom's most  durable and often imitated characters.  It would be hard to believe that  113 years after Mary Shelley wrote &quot;Frankenstein (or, the Modern  Prometheus)&quot;, the story she created would become a pop icon.  But with  the 1931 film FRANKENSTEIN, that's exactly what happened.Oh there had been  two or three other film versions before this, either directly or indirectly  related to the Shelley book.  But it is with Boris Karloff's performance of  the misunderstood creature, that the story truly begins.  And what a  performance it is.  Surely one of the 10 or 20 most fascinating  performances in the history of celluloid, Karloff gives the character and  indeed the film in general it's immortality.  He alternates with great  lucidity between rage, fear, confusion and even a brief moment of  happiness.  And he manages to nail his performance at every turn.  No other  actor, including the highly respected Robert De Niro has come close to  injecting all the dimensions into the proceedings quite as effectively.  And when Karloff's creation holds out his hands in a great example of film  mime, wordlessly asking for understanding, even the hardest heart has to  feel for the character's situation.  Mr. Karloff is quite simply the best  thing about the film.The other performances are quite good, namely Colin  Clive as Dr. Frankenstein and Dwight Frye (so successful previously as  Renfield in DRACULA) as Fritz, the hunchbacked assistant.  The staging  looks a little creaky, a situation Whale remedied with the even better  sequel, BRIDE OF FRANKENSTEIN.  But there is no doubt here of his  contribution to the overall production.  His special brand of wit is very  much in place though not quite as much as in the sequel.  Although there  has been dispute in recent years over how much input Whale had in Karloff's  make-up, it is my belief that while he must have contributed something to  the &quot;look&quot;, it is Jack Pierce and Karloff that must be given the  given the majority of credit.  Pierce was to become in the 30's and early  40's what Lon Chaney, Sr. was in the 20's: a master at creating make-up's.  His star still ranks very high in the make-up hall of fame to this day.  And the originality of the look of the creature is the second best thing  about this movie.As a film director in 1931, James Whale had little  experience at helming projects.  That, coupled with the fact that Universal  was trying something quite a bit different with THIS &quot;monster&quot;  movie made the studio a little reticent to place too much money on the  project.  But by the time of BRIDE... Whale had earned his wings and gained  valuable film experience.  So Universal upped the budget to give the sequel  a much more lavish and cinematic look and practically demanded that Whale  direct.  That plus the overall story and irresistable Whale humor, in this  reviewer's opinon, make BRIDE... the greatest &quot;monster&quot; movie of  all time and definitely superior to the original.But FRANKENSTEIN started  it all.  Besides Karloff's performance and Pierce's make-up, mention must  be made of three specific scenes that stand out as among the most  memorable, oft-repeated and parodied in all of film history.  The  aforementioned creation scene set the stage for all films to follow.  Karloff's first entrance, BACKING and slowly turning to face front is one  of the greatest first appearances in all of cinema.  And the third scene,  the completely restored little-girl-at-the-lake scene, shows all the  confusion, bewilderment and disgust that the creature is experiencing.  You  feel through the great acting of Boris Karloff that Frankenstein's creation  is a child (terribly confused and unnecessarily feared though he is)  relating to the friendly welcome of another child.  That is, after all,  what the character is: a child trying to make his way in the world,  learning  about life the hard way.  And when the creature runs from the  lake mortified at the drowning of the little girl, you suddenly realize  he's really not so bad.  He's just trying to cope!The DVD has some  excellent and informative (although very dryly read) commentary.  And  there's a fascinating documentary.  The print has been restored  beautifully.  It's a wonderful way to watch this legendary movie.So if you  love the classic Universal monsters, you're collection won't be complete  without this 1931 highly original classic.  Even if you're not, you must  watch the film and marvel at one of the most brilliant film performances of  all time from the great Boris Karloff!
0767849493|5.0|I really very much enjoyed this film. As a fan of the work of Kevin Smith I can say this really is one of his best(sure he's only done 4 and i doesn't beat clerks). Ben Affleck(who was in mallrats and chasing amy)and  Matt Damon give what I feel are their best performances. and what tops it  all of is Jay and Silent Bob(smith) who are regulars in all his films. I  really don't see what is offensive. I doesn't make fun of any religon per  say. What i feel it does do is open your mind to different aspects of  religion and different was of thinking about it. No one will really touch  religion it that matter before. If you want to attack it for that reason  you really should see the movie and then rethink you taughts on it. I know  quite a few who have seen it none where offended or saw anyting offensive  in it.  Every one has a right to think differently about everyting and  religion is one of them. Smith just gave you a lot of things to think  about.
B000002LVB|5.0|True, this may not be their most famous album (Velvet Underground &amp; Nico) their most experimental (White Light/White Heat) or their most accessible (Velvet Underground) but it's their most concise and  straightforward.  This certainly isn't what the Velvets are best remembered  for, and I never said it was, but it's my favorite.  It has some of the  best straight forward rock songs ever created, namely Sweet Jane, Rock  &amp; Roll and Head Held High.  It also has their most underrated song,  Train Round the Bend.  It ALSO has some of the strangest, campiest songs  they ever put out, and a couple of my all-time favorite songs, Lonesome  Cowboy Bill and Who Loves the Sun (a goth anthem in disguise if I ever  heard one, lol).  This album is obviously instrumental in the development  of both Glam rock and Punk, and deserves to be put up there with anything  the Stones or Beatles ever mustered. Also, this album obviously best  exemplifies Reed's &quot;Rock &amp; Roll Animal&quot; persona, screaming  like a madman on Head Held High. I hope this helped everyone, toodles ;)!
B00003CX7K|5.0|Great movie! When Woody tries to save another toy in a yard sale, he gets taken away himself. Buzz, Rex, Mr.Potato Head, and Slinky set out to save him. The excitment never stops! I highly reccomend it!
0060916540|5.0|I can sum up Joe Simpson's book Touching the Void in one word: inspiring.  This thrilling and harrowing tale of two friends ascending a Peruvian 21,000 foot peak is inspirational to man's tough will to live, and the never ending struggle to survive.  As the two climbers face almost sure  death, they realize that a minute mistake by either one, and they both  could be dead within hours.  The two climbers are very similar.  Joe  Simpson, the author, narrator, and main character is a climber without  writing background.  However, he does have courage, a cool nonchalant  attitude, and he is a man who has dignity.  Simon Yeats, his partner, has a  strong conscience, bravery, he never panics, and he accepts reality even if  it is unfavorable.  Together, the two make a great team.  The style in  which this piece is written is one of great description. The use of vivid  adjectives gives the reader an image with DVD lucidity of the ongoing  story.  The reader feels as if he/she is right in there inside Joe's head,  thinking what he thinks, feeling what he feels.  If you read the book, you  take every step with the two up the mountain and down again.  Yet Joe is  not the narrator all the way through.  After the two climbers are separated  on the descent, the story jumps back and forth from Joe's point of view, to  Simon's thoughts and his point of view. This allows the reader to juxtapose  the two perspectives. This book is great for the mountaineer, and even for  those couch potatoes that just need to get a little inspired to start their  own adventures.  If you like the works of Jon Krakauer, the author of the  chilling tale Into Thin Air, a story of the ill-fated 1996 Everest  attempts, you will thoroughly enjoy this tale of survival.  On the \\"F\\"  scale -- F1: frighteningly bad, F2 fairly bad, F3 fun read, F4 fine piece  of work, F5 fantastic book - I would give this book an F 4.5.  It is an  inspiring story that gives you a sense of adventure.
630575067X|5.0|I was born in the 60's, sso I was very fortunate to see STAR WARS episodes 4,5 and 6, the first time round, but could never fathom why the trilogy started from episode 4. Episode 1 was, is all that I expected and more!.  The storyline is precise and I can see how episodes 2 and 3 will pan out,  very easily. The special effects were absolutely amazing, but I feel that  the effects undermine the effects on the previous films. Afterall, mankind  is supposed to evolve, not decline, technologically speaking. If only it  was done properly and Episode 1 was created in 1977, so the technology  would have advanced accordingly. All that aside, an outstanding film. Can't  wait for Episode 2!.
0380778556|5.0|In my high school honors English class, we had reading groups assigned with a college student. OUr book was Rebecca. I began reading it and it went very slow and I thought the book would be a long, painful process. We would meet every week and discuss the book. Guessing what would happen,  always turning out to be wrong. The book had so many cliffhangers and  unanswered questions that you had to keep reading. Even though I heard the  sequel was awful, I would still like to read it and see what becomes of the  characters. I am also looking forward to working with my group onn making a  project for this wonderful novel.
B000002HPV|5.0|Perfect! Every song speaks to my soul! As an avid Bjork fan I must say she has not let me down. Unlike Debut and Post you have to let this one grow on you. A few listens and you will be hooked. Also check out her singles they  are all great. She is taking music to a new level.
B000002B7W|5.0|Well, I really enjoyed reading these reviews, but I wanted to kind of give my unique percpective on Ozzy and Randy. Ozzy (in my opinion) is the most profound and prolific song writter of all time. This coupled with the  totally original and GOD given talents of Randy Rhoads led to two of the  best albums of all time. I am a Guitar player and have been playing since  1978. I was totally blown away by Randy's unique and new classical guitar  style infuence that God through him blessed the  world  with. As a giutar  player I over many years learned how to play any Ozzy song note for note.  Theres not a feeling in the world like being able to play Randy's style of  guitar. It makes the hair stand on the back of my neck. I guess what I am  trying to say is playing this style is by far the hardest guitar licks I  ever learned and it feels magical. I can not even imagine the magic it took  to create it. That is a truely a gift directly from God to us all. Ozzy and  Randy have changed my life forever..God bless them both.  sroberts007@yahoo.com
B00001PE4D|5.0|This is probably the best movie I have ever seen in my life. I highly reccomend it. Ryan Philapee plays a stepbrother Sabastion who makes a bet with Katherin (Sarah Michelle Gellar) Joshua Jackson is probably the best  actor in this movie playing a gay freind. If you like sex, cruelty, and a  good plot. This is the movie for you. I watch it every day, i own it on  dvd. Dont get it on video get it on DVD because it has lots and lots of  bonus material.
6305078564|5.0|I JUST WANT TO SAY THAT I LOVE PRIDE AND PREJUDICE! it is so good ,extra good with colin firth in it . oh boy i just love him to pieces. i would love to meet him in person.
0140186395|4.0|A friend suggested that if I didn't like this book, it was a mark against me, and not the book itself.  After reading it, I must concur.  I didn't think I'd like a book set around the turn of the last century in the states... don't know why... but this story is truly timeless.  It was just  swell.  The characters are a bit extreme (extremeley good, or bad), and  that compromises believability, but I am willing to suspend cynnicism for  the rest of the story.  If you don't read this book, you are not a good  human being.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I've never been, what I would consider, a huge Moby fan. I've only recently become associated with him from his work on the &quot;Saint&quot; and &quot;The Beach&quot; soundtracks. Boy oh boy, do I wish I had  discovered this talented individual sooner! My friend bought this CD and  let me borrow it. Although I don't like the first two tracks, I immediately  was hooked in by &quot;Porcelain,&quot; which is also featured on the  &quot;Beach&quot; soundtrack and in a recent Neiman Marcus commerical. I  used to think that Orbital was the best techno artist around, but after  this CD, Moby takes the cake! I've never known any techno artist to put so  much feeling into a song, without saying anything. This album gets you  grooving and relaxing all at the same time. Some tracks to defintely listen  to: &quot;Porcelain,&quot; &quot;Rushing,&quot; &quot;Bodyrock,&quot;  &quot;Machete,&quot; &quot;Inside&quot; and the last track, &quot;My  Weakness.&quot; &quot;My Weakness,&quot; &quot;Porcelain&quot; and  &quot;Inside&quot; have a spirituality that is rarely seen in techno music.  So haunting and beautiful all at the same time. If you saw the episode of  the X-Files where Mulder finally finds out about his sister, you heard  &quot;My Weakness&quot; in the final scene with the ghost children. When I  heard it there, i immediately wanted to know who did it. This is without a  doubt the most moving techno song I've ever heard. It just hits you right  in the gut. This CD is a MUST have for all Techno fans. Look out wallet!  I'm buying more of his work! Look out Moby, you've got a new fan who looks  forward to more years of this awesome music!
B00000AFWW|2.0|it's easy to view hole as a synthetic creation whose artistic life must  be breathed into it by whomever courtney love can find to play dr. frankenstein (kat bjelland &amp; kim gordon on pretty on the inside, kurt   cobain on live through this). the quality of the ghost writing kept  this  reality below the surface but with this disc the neck bolts start  to show  through the skin grafts--despite the assistance of billy corgan  (credited  to five songs with additional help from charlotte caffey, <br />formerly of  the go-gos). celebrity skin sounds so calculated it could  have been run  through a super computer--homogenized guitar choruses,  peroxide harmonies,  formula song structures, anemic hooks and more than  a few recycled riffs  from cheap trick and the go-gos. love's voice,  barely tuneful at best, has  received the same kind of make over as her  body--state-of-the-art  technology covering every sag &amp; wrinkle. but the  lyrics are  obvious--odes to self indulgence, cybernetic repetition of  the same  metaphors, and sanctimonious pronouncements on the sham &amp; smarm  of  hollywood. in this context, i suppose this disc is some sort of concept   album trying to equate cynicism with transcendence. a couple of decent   bridges and the sinewy bass playing of melissa auf der mar provide some   meager flesh to this skin sac--but there's nothing else here that's  particularly fresh or original, unless you've just entered junior high  or  are a music fan from south carolina. given their drastic changes in  style  and artistic perspective it's increasingly hard to accept that hole  really  believes in anything it does. they remain, like their frontwoman,  a rock  replicant--an adept mimic, but ultimately counterfeit.
B00000K44W|5.0|The only piece I've heard on the radio is the title track - and that's a crime. While not my favorite Tull collection, this CD may represent their best musicianship.  Not the best party or background music, you'll want to  sit quietly and listen to these numbers to fully appreciate them.  These  rich and complex riffs coupled with Anderson's colorful metaphors light up  this bleak motif.  It is the one Tull album that consistently surprises me  and leaves me whispering, &quot;Wow, these guys are GOOD!&quot;
B000005ITX|5.0|see title of review. a masterpiece. all that you've heard about it is true.
6304712936|5.0|Musician composes, performs, then dies poor. Visual and inspiring
0670824399|5.0|When I read this book, I was in third grade. Even if I was a senior in college it would have had the same effect on me. This is my all time most favorite book. I loved the character and I longed to be just like her. I  know that sounds pathetic, but its unimaginable how this book can make you  feel! WOW! You laugh along with Matilda and learn with her too. This book  should be read by everyone! Not just third graders. I LOVED IT AND THATS  ALL I CAN SAY.
B000002KKS|5.0|Exit Ozzy, enter Ronnie James Dio, who actually reinvigorates the band.  Tony Iommi writes some of his best riffs in years, especially on &quot;Neon Knights&quot; and the title track.  The sound is sharper and less raw than  early Sabbath, the band sounding more technical, more in line with the new  British metal bands coming out at the time.  Dio's lyrics totally dive into  fantasy and the supernatural, setting the tone for future medieval metal  bands like Manowar.  And Dio is a great singer, even in this situation  where he seems out of place, his voice has a great range and is capable of  pulling powerful drama and emotion out of  the lyrics.
B000002MFE|5.0|Eric Clapton is absolutely the greatest there is and there ever will be!  I have had his &quot;Unplugged&quot; cd forever and a day and I listen to it about every day!  I feel that if you do not have this CD that you should  go out and get it!  This CD will always be my favorite no matter what  people say.  I wish I could just tell Eric one thing.....YOU ARE THE  GREATEST!  I love our work.....especially &quot;Unplugged!&quot;                                     THANKS
6305079900|5.0|Two people meet, mate, spawn. Insecure robot makes trouble. Excellent film.
B00003CWPQ|1.0|this complete waste of celluloid was nothing more than a wat-too-long episode of &quot;red shoe diaries&quot;!  please!  why is it every time an artist dies, we're supposed to think of his or her posthumos works as  &quot;sooo amazing&quot;!   this is the kind of movie that people THINK is  so &quot;mind-bending&quot; and &quot;powerful&quot;, but when you get down  to it, is nothing more than mindless hype.
B000002LUB|4.0|On this album, Dio and Geezer Butler briefly return to the fold, resulting in Sabbath's best album in ten years.  &quot;Time Machine&quot; and &quot;TV Crimes&quot; both rip like &quot;Neon Knights&quot; did.   &quot;After All (The Dead)&quot; and &quot;Sins of the Father&quot; are  good, plodding epics similar to &quot;Heaven and Hell&quot;.  Lyrics, as  predicted by the album title, tackle the dehumanization of society through  technology.  Nothing particularly brilliant or original here, but solid  stuff from expert veterans.  Too bad, that in the midst of Seattle mania,  the album stiffed commercially.
1572701099|4.0|These funny, light stories by P.G. Wodehouse are a must-read for any fans of him or British humor in general.  This collection is the first of many featuring Bertie Wooster, a none-too-bright English gent, and his ingenius butler Jeeves, who is constantly thinking of schemes to get Bertie and his  friends out of trouble.  The Jeeves stories are a great place to start for  anyone interested in Wodehouse's funny work.  Though the stories are  sometimes a bit long and may drag a little, they are still charming,  charming tales.  Delicious reading.
6304126344|5.0|Helpful robot saves child. In the process, another robot gets damaged. Suitable for mature, adventurous robots.
B000002J0B|4.0|What a beautiful album! This was my first Zeppelin album, and I must compliment myself on picking a great one to intro me to the band. The album is quite short, but the time put into the songs shows-- especially in  &quot;No Quarter&quot; and &quot;The Rain Song&quot;, where musically  speaking, Zeppelin are at a career best. You may recognize &quot;The Song  Remains the Same&quot;, both from the documentary and radio. Either way, if  you've heard it and liked it, chances are you'd love the rest of what  &quot;Houses of the Holy&quot; has to offer. Pick this one up today,  especially if you're either a first-time listener, or more into the  later-day Zeppelin. A guaranteed love will develop.
0393312836|5.0|This book is fantastic.  It's a shame that the original version was missing the final chapter.  For, the final chapter is what holds the meaning for the rest of the book.  A young man falls from grace, pays his  dues, yet it seems that is not enough for some!  Eventually, he is no  better off than before.  In the final chapter, though, he comes to terms,  and realizes what he must do to finally achieve peace of mind.  Burgess'  use of teen slang is hilarious, and yet adds to the character, and the over  all tone.  There is also a message that we should all leave well-enough  alone.  Some things are meant to be the way they are.  Also, the whole  concept that people can and do change with age is evident moreso in the  final chapter, which is another reason why its previous omission was a true  travesty.  This book is a classic.  A sure-fire classic!  I strongly  recommend this for anyone who is a fan of Beat Literature(Kerouac);  especially the work of William S. Burroughs.  The story development is much  the same, although Burgess represents the British counterpart to Burroughs.   But, contrary to Burroughs' Naked Lunch, the main figure of Clockwork  emerges rejuvenated, and free of worry, whereas Burroughs' main figure,  William Lee, is a martyr for his craft. Either way, this is a great read,  and is a good example of both what goes on inside the criminal mind, and  superb revolutionary literature.
B000002UAX|5.0|&quot;The Beatles&quot; (aka. White Album) has, by far, the most variety. This was the album where their ideas started to expand, thus, you get some hard-rock songs (Helter Skelter) and some mellowed-out serenades (Long,  Long, Long) Many Beatles fans will also be happy with the fact that George  wrote more material as compared with previous albums. The lyrics are also  another element that compliment this beautiful work of art.  &quot;Piggies&quot;, in my opinion, serves as a prime example of this.  While listening to this album, take notice at how the next song to follow  will be noticably different from the last. This great setup shows much  effort, therefore earning a 4-star rating. Please go buy this album-- your  music collection looks bad without it.
B000002P6R|4.0|I get so tired of hearing how &quot;The Who&quot; were washed up after the loss of Keith Moon. It was a great loss and they did change but they were far from spent. Look at what they have done since they officially broke up  in 1982. Far from washed up.  &quot;Face Dances&quot; was my first  Who album and I have been a loyal fan ever since. This album offers classic  hits starting with &quot;You Better You Bet&quot; and ending with  &quot;Another Tricky Day&quot;  Also has great contributions by legendary  bass guitarist John Entwistle.  True, it's not The Who at their peak  but its worth a listen. Kenny Jones was a suitable replacement on drums.
B000001Y79|5.0|I've had this CD ever since it came out. I love it so much and I can honestly say that I haven't taken it out of my CD player in 4 years! I loved it in the beginning and I love it STILL. I can't wait for &quot;The  Return of Saturn&quot; to come out on April 11th. EVERYONE, BUY THE CD!  :)
B00001NFCY|5.0|Plain and simple this album is fantastic.  I have now added one more band to my very short list of worth while musical groups out there today.  This band has the lyrical genius of King's X, a powerful rhythm section  reminiscent of Galactic Cowboys, and the freshness of Collective Soul.  I  can't really say anything else but you should get this fine piece of work  ..... and enjoy!
B00000I924|5.0|This album is amazing, its combination of awesome techno beats and Jeff Becks expert guitar playing make this one of the best symphonic guitar albums of the century at least of the decade. Jeff Beck is at his finest  since Guitar Shop. I just cant wait to see what he comes out with next. Any  body who is a lover of good guitarists should buy this album just to have  in their collection, its worth the money.
0449227545|4.0|I will admit, that being from California and particularly the S.F. Bay Area, I happily identified with the novel's setting and the subject of earthquakes.  I enjoy all of Ken Follett's novels and the Hammer of Eden  was an enjoyable read.  After reading one of his books, you will be spoiled  by the suspense...and other author's novels will pale in comparison, with a  few exceptions, of course.
0385493800|5.0|The Testament had my attention from the begining to the end.  The trip from one world to the next was truely an adventure. John, you need to make a movie of this one starring Harrison Ford as Nate O'Riley.
1573225517|5.0|A smart, insightful and endlessly funny piece of writing. This is a profound book about men that hides its profundity exceedingly well.<br />Hornby takes male readers to places we know only too well, but were  never able to describe quite so eloquently or hilariously... and gives  female readers an anthropological tour of the bloke that does for the  unmapped, confused, confusing and often simply ludicrous regions of the  male psyche what Diane Fossey did for the world of the African primates.  (Actually, the subject matter is probably a lot more similar than many of  us would like to admit, except apes learn that if you hit yourself on the  head with a branch and it causes you pain and distress, it's probably a  good idea to avoid doing it again - and Hornby would suggest that most  blokes haven't quite reached that advanced level of reasoning yet).  <br />Highly recommended for anyone in possession of a penis, or anyone else  curious about the owners of said organs.
034538072X|5.0|Alison Weir really made the life histories quite an enjoyable read.  I found the book to be mesmerising and a page turner.  An easy and quick read, I highly recommend it to people who are interested in the British nobility and how the run their lives.   It really made me change my mind  about HenryVIII.
B0000013G9|5.0|I THINK  TLC  IS THE BEST BAND IN THE WORLD, THEY  ARE IN STYLE AND THEY ARE THE BOMB..... I  HOPE THEY  ARE THE NUMBER 1 IN THE COUNT DOWN, MY BIRTHDAY IS IN APRIL AND I RELLY WANT THEM TO COME SING NO SCRUBS I  WOULD  BE SO GLAD THAT HAS BEEN MY BIRTHDAY WISH FOR A LONG LONG LONG LONG LONG  TIME, I WOULD GIVE MY BIRTHDAY MONEY UP ....... [THATS 100.00 DOLLERS ]  I   LOVE YOU TLC
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I bought both of Savage Garden's albums simultaneously. This one is a little better than their debut. It has a varieties of sounds, fast and slow. The first half is most dance pop and the second slows down a bit.  Darren has a great voice and the words are very clear and lyrics are  inspirational. Buy it!
B00003CWPR|2.0|All the controversy below suggests that this movie (like a lot of art, good or bad) is a Rorschach test for the viewer. What he gets from it depends on what he brings, whether that's patience, knowledge, insight, or  just wishful projection. A viewer below believes that the &quot;explanation  scene&quot; at the end is no explanation at all, but a chilling scene of  Satanic dissembling on the part of Sydney Pollack, who reveals his true  colors through the color of his pool table (red) and in other ways that  many of us aren't &quot;subtle&quot; enough to grasp. Maybe. But it should  be mentioned that Kubrick did not want to include this scene: it was  written by Frederic Raphael, who believed that after two and a half hours  of &quot;mystification,&quot; the average movie-goer might be ready to  strangle Kubrick with his own loose-ends. (Raphael further demonstrated his  exquisite judgment by releasing an unseemly memoir about Kubrick to  coincide with the film's release). Other viewers have been at pains to show  how very deeply they have delved into this film and its many buried  meanings. They treat it as a puzzle to be decoded, and some of their  solutions are very clever, if not brilliant. It's fine for a film to have  hidden depths, but think how much better if it's a passable movie on the  surface (like David Lynch's &quot;Blue Velvet,&quot; Stephen Frears'  &quot;The Grifters,&quot; or many other films by Kubrick himself). EWS does  not have the look or the shape of an art film, so it's not unreasonable to  hold it to the standards of the kind of film it resembles, and was  advertized as: a mystery-thriller. And unfortunately it has no thrills, and  its only mystery is a depressing one (Why, Stanley, why! ). Films are like  people: if they are ridiculous and insulting on the face, I don't feel the  need to look very deep.
0783235607|1.0|This movie was so un-scary that the only reason it is a 'horror' film is the dishonor it gave to the name Hitchcock. All the 'shower scene' did for me was give me a roaring migrane with all that squalking and squeaking.
0671027344|5.0|I thought that this book was very interesting. Charlie was a charachter that i, or anyone, can relate to. This book deals with a lot of things that can impact people at any age in their life, only through a totally  different perspective, through the perspective of the one who is dealing  with it as opposed to witnessing it. It didn't take me very long to read  this book, as i couldn't put it down because every single part of it  intrigued me. I suggest this book to anyone who wants a look at some of the  things that other people feel and deal with.
B00000F1D3|5.0|Cher is absolutely wonderful. She's definately did something right, as 'Believe' was the #1 selling album. Topping charts and blasting European records out the store. I wish Cher used 'Cher bot' more often than in just  Believe. <br />Great album, from a great artist. Yes Cher, I believe! Do you?
B000002UBU|4.0|Don McLean's American Pie is one of the best albums to come out of the folk-rock movement.  His tunes are meditative and solemn, his guitar work loose and neighborly.  The only downfall of this album is that there are  few songs that really stand out.  Among those that do, however, are the  title track, American Pie, a rousing, spelndid, meloncholy tribute to the  1960s, itself worth the price of the album (it is over 8 minutes long as  well).  Another excellent song is Vincent, a sympathetic tribute to Dutch  painter Vincent Van Gogh.  While not as long as American Pie, Vincent  delivers a sad, insightful, loving look into the painter's life.  The two  other standouts are The Grave, a deeply moving tune about the Vietnam  experience, and Babylon, a round-sung shanty that is sad and soothing.  All  around, these songs alone could have comprised an excellent album.  If you  are looking for an album of significant cultural meaning, or just some good  music to listen to, check this one out.  Enjoy!
6305718954|2.0|I was skeptical when I first rented this movie b/c I thought that it would be an Exorcist ripoff. However, I was pleased to discover that it did contain some originality in both the storyline and the effects.  Although,  after watching the movie I was left with a several questions regarding the  plot and the characters.  Overall, the idea/concept for this movie is  rather thought provoking but the story leaves far too many loose ends. I  thought that Byrne gave a fine perfomance, Arquette's was weak (maybe it  was just her character) but the movie is by no means 'whole'. You will  finish this movie asking yourself &quot;What?&quot;.
0385491026|4.0|This is the first book os Atwood's that I have read, and am anxious to read The Handmaid's Tale.  I was first impressed by Atwood's innovative description.  Her eye and ear for detail has a mystical ability to speak to the reader's own thoughts and perceptions about everyday things.   The  book's heroine, Elaine Risley, takes us through the journey of her life,  from elementary school to middle-age, detailing the trials and tribulations  along the way.  The story switches between Elaine's formative years and her  grown-up self, and adds interesting, provocative breaks in the action that  keep the reader interested.  The book has a strange, misty, ethereal  quality, as though the narrator is walking in a dream while recounting her  youthful experiences, and this adds a sinister bent to the often-gritty  tale.  Although not an uplifting tome, Cat's Eye has a Forrest Gump-ish  quality in that Elaine Risley is our guide through Canada from the end of  World War II to the mid-80s, noting all of the world's changes in the  backdrop of Elaine's life.  Masterfully told, and an excellent read.   Enjoy!
0684872153|5.0|I cannot even begin to convey the emotion that this book aroused in me.  Frank McCourt is a phenomenal writer who really brings his readers into his world, as awful as it may be, and doesn't let them out.  There hasn't been a book in my life that was a captivating to me as Angela's Ashes.  I didn't  want the story to come to an end! Currently I am reading 'Tis, because  McCourt has left me wanting so much more!
6303407188|5.0|This film, though a comedy, is an excellent bio-pic about the life of B-Movie guru Ed Wood.  His relationship with the aging, virtually forgotten Bela Lugosi is deeply explored, as are his relationships with the family of  actors that he employed.   Johnny Depp plays Ed Wood with naive aplomb,  giving a boyish frankness and humor to the character.  Other notable  performances are had by Bill Murray and Sarah Jessica Parker.  However, the  true star of the show is Martin Landau, who rightfully deserved his win for  Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of Bela Lugosi.  His turn as the  then-forgotten actor has made this movie one of my all-time favorites.  It  is a comedy tinged with sadness and triumph, a true film, not just a movie.   Bravo to Tim Burton for creating such a masterpiece.  A must-have for any  movie buff's video library, as it displays the inner workings not only of  the actors, but of old-school Hollywood itself.  Enjoy!
B000007177|5.0|I'm finally taking the time to write this.<br />It is my opinion that Disk One of this classic set is THE BEST PIECE OF PROGRESSSIVE MUSIC JETHRO TULL EVER CREATED. I own every Ian Anderson/Jethro Tull studio release, and  several bootlegs, singles, etc. In the context of Tulls body of work, the  Chateau D'Isaster Tapes really stand out as THE hallmark progressive  recording in their discography. The variety of form, content, production  and function within this music and the sheer, uninhibited power and  implication of it go beyond what was achieved in both Passion Play and  Thick As A Brick. Why, you ask? Because the Chateau music is the initial  reaction to the creative material, it is the full-on frontal creative  matrix from which formed Passion Play. These tracks range the gammit from  sublime nonsense (similar in style to certain parts of Passion Play and  Thick As A Brick) to an immense emotional crunch of passionate music. This  is a tribute to technical mastery and an apex of creative function for Ian  at that time. I'm telling you, this CD is worth the price of this set just  for the feeling that comes to a head about eight minutes and 28 seconds  into the 9th track (Critique Oblique). This song IS WORTH BUYING THE CD  FOR. I really could go into a lot of different aspects, but I don't have  room. Ian, if you ever read this, I hope you have changed your mind about  the validity of this recording. Both of these CDs are wonderful, and the  Chateau Tapes CD is Tull at their progressive best.
0451160916|5.0|Very good book! Horror and plot twists at every turn of the page. Only the best from the best!
6305807086|3.0|This movie is very,very original! It's not utterlyhilarious too often but theabsurdity of the characters and their situations kept mesmirking from beginning to end! I'm wondering if Johnwould lease a few days of hislife to  me? All in all a verysolid comedy.
B00000IARU|5.0|I have three versions of Joni Mitchell's Blue: Two Reprise versions (one regular, one HDCD) and the DCC Gold disk. The DCC version sounds smoother and more \\"tubey\\" than the other disks. Joni's voice soars in a round, coherent, less edgy fashion on the DCC version. In some ways, it also sounds more dynamic. In most normal stereo setups, you'd be hard pressed to tell the difference. But if you have $5,000 of gear, by all means, the DCC version sounds beautiful! (Please see the expanded review, below).
B00003CWPR|5.0|Apart from &quot;Spartacus&quot; and &quot;2001: A Space Odyssey,&quot; Kubrick generally filmed everything in full frame.  Film projectors have no aperture plate for 1.33:1 (full frame) so filmmakers usually either mat it  themselves in the lab (which covers up boom mikes), shoot with a 1.85 lens  or they leave it up to the projectionist to frame it correctly into a  1.85:1 format.  Sometimes, in a movie, the people's heads will look kind of  low and the bottom of a boom mike can be spotted...this is the  projectionist failing the filmmaker (subsequently, in some video releases,  such as &quot;The Grifters&quot; without matting the print for video, the  boom mike can clearly bee seen).  So, in Kubrick's case, what you see on  the DVD and the home video IS what he shot.  As far as the digital  people...yeah, sure it would have been nice for WB to step up to the  challenge and release the film in its unaltered content but seeing the  people copulate or not seeing them copulate won't sway the average viewer  towards or away from this film.  For those people who are trashing the DVD  on that point aren't doing the memory of Kubrick any good by becoming one  of the many Oprahites who flocked to the film to see a carnal peep show.   The film is a powerful masterpiece, CGI or no CGI and it looks fine full  frame...just like the majority of his films.
B000002NIW|4.0|This has gotta be the hardest, sweatiest CD I have had the pleasue of listening to.  While their debut CD, Adrenaline, was a showcase for the metal talent Chino and the boys had, thisCD shows that they can more than  hold their own in terms of musicality as well.  And while the first one was  a never-ending purge of anger, this one broadens its scope in terms of  lyrical content, even attempting the occasional love song (Mascara, Be  Quiet and Drive).  The results are quite surprising.  Look for the same  thing to happen on White Pony, their follow up (somebody tell me when this  is supposed to come out! ).  Many songs are still very abrasive and  furious, such as Lotion and the title track, but these pale in comparison  to their real songs, Be Quiet and Drive, Dai the Flu, and MX most notably.   Don't forget to listen to the hidden track, Damone!
0783225849|5.0|Many things make this movie incredible and they are often rightfully touched upon: Hitch's cinemetography, the shower scene, the Oedipal overtones, its influence on the weaker slasher films to come, etc.  But  what I think seperates this movie from other horror or thriller flicks, is  that the tension is really only created a couple of times by the usual  prospect of someone jumping out and attacking the heroine or hero.  This is  why people that are used to slasher films often don't understand it. There  are probably only three truly frieghtening scenes in this movie, but the  entire movie is tense.  Why?  Because this is a movie about the tension  created when people are lying and in danger of getting caught, and it  builds, and builds and builds. Amazingly, The Master manipulates your  emotions so that you sympathize with the person telling the lie.  Recall  the tense scene where Leigh buys the car and deceives the salesman and the  police officer.  Recall her deception of young Norman (who is deceiving all  of us.)  And incredibly we feel for Norman playing the dutiful son cleaning  up the murder.  We watch him as he squirms under the detectives  interrogation.  Then Hitchcock turns it up another notch when Sam Loomis  and Vivien's sister pose as a couple and try and deceive Norman, who is  lying himself.  We, the audience, are in on both sides as they play their  game of deception, wondering who will catch who first. We beautifully watch  their nuiances, and mind games and as each party gets closer to the truth,  the tension continues to rachet up.<br />Sure, there are knives and preserved  cadavars, but the real terror of Psycho is the fear of being caught in a  lie.  That is its essense, that is what is so beautifully done.
B000002WE9|5.0|I have not yet purchased the CD of this set, but the vinyl serves me well: it's Elvis best live-in-concert performance since the '61 Benefit show. I think the '74 effort was dismissed because it was deemed yet another in a  long series, actually starting in '68. But many factors make it a very  significant event: Elvis' vocals, noticeably stronger and  &quot;brighter&quot; than on the '73 Hawaiian show; the hometown  atmosphere; the version of &quot;Let Me Be There&quot; which was so good  that (reportedly) a test 45rpm promo was made and the cut was issued a  second time on a later album;  &quot;How Great Thou Art&quot; from the l.p.  which won a Grammy! And I still think that the rock and roll Medley was  good enough to release on a single A-side! Fans, go back and listen  (Reconsider, baby...).
B000002H2Z|5.0|Simple, honest, passionless but worth-while all the same. This was the first Cure record I purchased. I was 10, the year was 1985. When you hear this CD you will know that it was made in the 80's. Still, it IS a Cure  classic and for the most part I still love it. Now that I bought the CD  version from Amazon it sounds even better than the record ever did. You'll  instantly fall in love will &quot;Inbetween Days&quot; and the longest  intro ever to a song &quot;Push&quot;. It's got a cool version of  &quot;Close to me&quot; on it. This version doesn't have the horns at the  end like the single version that you always hear does. &quot;When a baby  screams&quot; and &quot;Screw&quot; will also grow on you as will &quot;Six  different ways&quot;. The finale is &quot;Sinking&quot; which seems to be  either a throwback to Faith or a stepping stone for Disintegration. Anyway,  if you buy it, and listen to it, you WILL love it. Let the keyboards and  over-toned guitars take you away.
B000002UAU|5.0|All though Seargent Peppers is a classic, as well as Revolver, the White Album, and Abbey Road, none can match the Beach Pet Sounds. The Beatles are the best group of all time, but in terms of the best ALBUM, none can match  this . it's simply too beautiful; every song is fresh, and is from the  Heart. How can you compare Within You Without You to God Only Knows, which  even Paul McCartney admitted was the best pop song of all time?
6305372411|5.0|HBO has done a superb job in telling the story of &quot;the most hazardous and dangerous and greatest adventures on which mankind has ever embarked.&quot; - JFK. With a cast of hundreds and a staggering budget of  close to 70 million, Tom Hanks and HBO have woven together stories from the  Apollo program into one 12-episode miniseries. <br />The first episode,  &quot;Can We Do This?,&quot; begins with the early years of American space  exploration. Alan Shepard's heart stopping Freedom 7 flight is skillfully  portrayed and Ed White's first Gemini spacewalk is seen. It really is a  great beginning. &quot;Apollo 1&quot; gets right to the point. Within 5  minutes after the start of the episode the fire occurs. Most of the rest of  the episode chronicles the investigation with the Apollo 204 Review Board  and the clash between Harrison Storms and Joe Shea. It's got a really neat  ending, probably the best of the series. &quot;We Have Cleared the  Tower&quot; follows the Apollo 7 crew training all the way up to the launch  as seen by a documentary crew filming the mission. If you want to know what  it's like before a mission, this is the episode for you. &quot;1968&quot; I  honestly thought was the worst episode. A lot of it is just a bunch of  stock news footage from '68 and it keeps switching from color to those  annoying black and white shots. However, this episode survives because  later on it has an excellent scene as the Apollo 8 crew witnesses the first  earthrise seen by humans. The episode also has some great in-flight scenes  while the crew is in lunar orbit. &quot;Spider&quot; is by far one of the  best. It has a good story mixed with a little dose of humor. It's really  interesting seeing all the work that went into the lunar module and the  Apollo 9 flight. This one also has a great ending. The only bad thing is it  gives only 30 seconds devoted to the Apollo 10 mission. &quot;Mare  Tranquilities&quot; is a great episode, but could have been better. I got  sick of the interviews mixed in with different scenes. It isn't until the  end that you see the actual mission, when Apollo 11 is already in lunar  orbit. But the episode is still good because of the fast paced landing and  the goose-bump filled first step. It's a scene you can't get enough of.  &quot;That's All There Is&quot; is a fun one. The Apollo 12 crew was best  friends and it showed. This episode is one of the most enjoyable and is a  great one to watch with friends, especially if you are the only space buff.  Astronaut Al Bean narrates the episode. &quot;We Interrupt This  Program&quot; follows the press covering the flight of Apollo 13. The  producers were creative and did not show any shots of the crew in space  except at the beginning. The reason for this is because they did not want  to compete with the movie Apollo 13 and they wanted something new and  different. &quot;For Miles and Miles&quot; is another one that could have  been better. It's got a slow start but a good ending. The episode follows  Alan Shepard's road to return to the flight rotation. \\"Galileo Was Right\\"  is a great one. It is interesting and fun as you watch the Apollo 15 crew  go through geology training and eventually go to the moon and drive the  lunar rover. One of the best. \\"The Original Wives Club\\" has not been one  that I have watched over and over. It tells the astronaut wives' story and  what went on behind the scenes while the astronauts were training for the  Apollo program. It has only about five minutes worth of Apollo 16 footage,  which was a disappointment. But it is an interesting one. \\"Le Voyage Da Na  Lune\\" has to be the most creative episode there was. Mixing scenes of an  early 20th century film crew filming a movie about a science fiction voyage  to the moon as well as Apollo 17 footage. It also features interviews with  the \\"astronauts,\\" which are actually the actors who played them, speaking  of Apollo. It ends with parts of Kennedy's speech and the astronaut'snames  scrolling across the screen.<br />From the Earth to the Moon has to be the  best thing HBO has ever done. The accuracy makes it seem almost like you  were there in the 60s and 70s, watching as mankind voyaged to another  world. I have watched many episodes almost a dozen times because I can't  get enough of it. If you are interested in Apollo or even if you lived  during Apollo and want to re-live the adventures, then get this now. You  won't be disappointed.
B000002GJH|5.0|What can you say about Temple of the Dog ?  I am sorry to say this is the only release they ever made, and that was brought on by MOTHER LOVE BONEs Andrew Wood s death.  Chris Cornell has NEVER sounded better on vocals and  the mixture of grunge rock with a heavy dose of blues is arranged  WONDERFULLY !  Dont expect a Soundgarden sound, but expect more of a Pearl  Jam meets Led Zeppelin.  <br />     You simply get it all on this release :   SAY HELLO TO HEAVEN and CALL ME A DOG have a slower, blues-heavy feel to  them...YOUR SAVIOR and PUSHING FORWARD BACK shows us the funky side of  rock...REACH DOWN has a 60s feel to it and ALL NIGHT THING is a gentle,  jazzy, kick-back-and-enjoy sound to it.  Its a shame that the only cut to  get airplay was HUNGER STRIKE, because there is SO MUCH MORE to this record  !<br />    If you like a heavy dose of guitar, with a great arrangement of  songs - This is for you.  Obvoiusly, any fan of Soundgarden or Pearl Jam  needs to add this one-time-only cd to their collection.  One of 90s BEST  releases !
0872860175|5.0|This work is more than a poem, it is prophecy in the truest sense of the word, a &quot;forth-telling.&quot; It is a call to action and to live life with our eyes wide open. The ferment that this poem has started began with  the Beats and continues on to our own time. So many poets, writers, and  artists owe so much to Ginsburg and this shot that he fired. He inspired  the writers of the Beat Generation on up to writers of our own day (I am  thinking here of Geoffrey B. Cain's &quot;The Wards of St. Dymphna&quot;  which clearly owes something to this poet). Read this; it is still news for  today. It isn't over yet!
B000002H33|4.0|First of all, to those who dont like THRASH metal, this is NOT all thrash.<br />     Speed metal songs are BATTERY, DISPOSABLE HEROS, and DAMAGE,INC.  MASTER OF PUPPETS have moments of speed, but has a change in  tempo throughout...A masterpice of arrangement !<br />    Slower, HEAVY songs  are SANITARIUM, THE THING THAT SHOULD NOT BE, ORION (instrumental) and  LEPER MESSIAH.<br />    This is not just speed metal, but a mixture of Black  Sabbath-type melodies and the anger of hardcore punk rock.<br />    After all,  this is why Metallica is a step above the rest....A classic album -  timeless !
6304383177|5.0|This is one of the fastest, funniest and zanniest comedies ever made. Katherine Hepburn and Cary Grant are in great shape. A funny script, 2 of the 30's greatest actors, Howard Hawks, and a great supporting cast combine  to make this one of the most funniest films ever made. Rapid-fire dialogue  and hilarious situations make this film entertaining all the way through. I  can't see how this film could of been a flop when first released, it has  stood the test of time better than most films from that era. This is the  definitive screwball comedy, hilarious, see this movie. One of the greats.  From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 10!
B00000D9TK|5.0|I am a fan of Celine Dion but only of her French songs. She is much better in French. My favourite songs are En Attendant ses pas and Dans un Autre Monde, but it is difficult to have favourites as the majority are superb.  At first I didn't think it was as good as D'Eux but actually it is better.  There are a few mediocre songs on D'Eux but the ones on this album are much  stronger. There is a nice mix of songs. My worst song is Sur le meme  bateau. It is much weaker than the others but this is the only bad song.  She definetely sings better in French than English. I just wish she was  able to release French singles here but everone is reluctant to buy them as  they don't understand the words but you don't need to.
6302238331|5.0|This film is an ultra-realistic depiction of 'real' police work on the streets. Gene Hackman and Roy Scheider are great toguether as Popeye Doyle and Buddy Russo. William Friedking directs with brilliance and grit. One of  the best (if not the best) car chase films ever made redifined editing for  decades to come. A low-key score, on the mark performances, brilliant  directing and a great screenplay combine to make this one of the best  action films ever and the best cop film. A Must-See. From a scale of 1-10 I  give this film a 10!
B000002J20|5.0|I have read so many flames regarding this album that it made me wonder if I was insane for I loved it. I recently went back and listened to the album trying to find a fresh perspective. OK it has some faults, what album  doesn't, some parts were a little drawn out especially on Ritual and The  Ancient but these are now a part of the song and it would sound  unbeliveable if taken out. I tried with the streched bits out and then  again as recorded and it really lost something without them. It just goes  to show that when written they were on the mark.<br />Jon Anderson wanted to  record this album in the woods where all the noises of the wind in the  trees and the animals could be included while recording it, but it wasn't  practile. Today it probably would be but now there is too much involved  with the whole recording process that record companies would never allow  it.<br />Yes was never a band to stand still, always moving forwards looking  for something, they never wrote to a formula; unlike many bands in many  different types of rock music. And this album still takes pride of place in  my music collection.
6305807086|5.0|This movie is so inventive that you'll wonder how screenwriter Charlie Kaufman thought of the concept. The plot is nearly indescribable, it has something to do with a portal at floor 7 that leads into the mind of actor  John Malkovich for 15 minutes and then dumps you on some spot in the  highway, sound weird? it is, but the plot is beside the point. It is  thoroughly original, funny and entertaining. John Cusack is great as the  pathetic pupeteer, and Cameron Diaz shows she can take good career risks  with this unusual role for her. But it is Catherine Keener and John  Malkovich who give the film is's flavor. Keener is the ultimate object of  desire for everyone in the film and she delivers very funny lines and gives  the best performance in the cast. John Malkovich is also very funny playing  himself, showing us that you can deliver a good performance even if you're  playing an 'actor named John Malkovich'. Great movie, one of the best of  1999. See it. From a scale of 1-10 I give this movie a 9!
B000000W8C|4.0|I really think that this is the stand out album from the verve. A northern soul really defines their sound, whereas Urban hymns looses it slightly (with the exception of Bittersweet symphony, the drugs don't work, and  lucky man- one of my favourite songs ever. I would definitely recommend  that everybody should own at least one verve album, as their sound defies  many cliche'd genres.
B0000024Z7|5.0|It's not jazz, but it's still great music.I wouldn't dare compare this music to Kind of Blue,Filles de Kilimanjaro, or A Love Supreme,it falls closer to Electric Ladyland, where sound becomes color and image.Anyone who  has listened to this work would never imagine this being played on smooth  jazz radio, the playing is simply is too charged on Waves within and Every  step of the way, or just strange on Future primative and Eternal caravan of  reincarnation.Even Carlos' playing technique is revitalized, going from one  note sustain, to fast foward swooping flurries of notes.While at times it  references jazz, Every step of the way reminds me of Solea on Miles,  Scetches of Spain,the music doesn't adhere to any one music genre.Finally,  music is about opening doors, not closing them and  your imagination is the  open door to creativity.
B000002UB3|5.0|The Beatles' last studio effort, although not the last original Beatles album to be relased, is undoubtedly their best.  From the opening strains of &quot;Come Together&quot; through the soul wrenching &quot;I Want You  (She's So Heavy)&quot; through the side 2 medley, this is the finest work  of the band that redefined rock and roll.  This album manifests the true  artistic talents of John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Ringo  Starr and proves what can be accomplished when such talent is focused on  producing an album.   John Lennon's lyrics and vocals shine in &quot;Come  Together&quot; and &quot;Because&quot;.  There are no finer works by George  Harrison than &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot;.   Ringo's vocals make &quot;Octopus' Garden&quot;.  Paul McCarney's rock and  roll roots are displayed for all to hear in &quot;Oh Darling&quot;. The  side 2 medley is as powerful a recording effort as ever made with he track  &quot;The End&quot; serving as a final showcase for the talent of all four  band members. The Beatles will be known forever for many recordings, and  there are some individual recordings that are as good as any on this album,  but for a total album project, Abbey Road is the best hands down.
B000022TT4|5.0|First I purchased the audio cd.  It was pretty good.  Then I purchased the vhs tape.  It was really good!  Unfortunately, some of the best tracks of the movie never made it onto the cd.  For years I scoped around for a 2 CD  set of the album...How could I have know years ago that I would have the  entire show on one disc!  A must have for any U2 fan!
6305776369|5.0|Superstar has got to be one of my favoritest movies of all time.  There are great comedy scenes with Mary and a tree that are just hilarious.  This movie stars one of the funniest people in the whole world...Molly Shannon  aka Mary Katherine Gallagher!   This is a great movie for the whole family  and I would recommend this move to everyone who needs a good laugh!
B0000024UX|5.0|It was very disappointing to hear that the CBS sales record (which this recording held for almost 30 years) was recently broken by a heavily hyped piece of conveyor-belt pap called Pretty Fly For A White Guy by a group  called Offspring.  In a few months everybody would have forgotten about  Offspring, but Simon and Garfunkel will continue to be rock immortals.   With this album S&amp;G went out with a bang.  Almost every track is  timeless. The only low point is the inclusion of a live version of Bye Bye  Love, the only non-original song on the album.  It is interesting to note  that the cover of the original vinyl version did not include the lyrics to  this song (they were added once the copyright hassles were overcome).  The  high point is the classic The Boxer, five minutes of pure bliss.  Put quite  simply, you cannot be a serious music fan without this in your collection.   It is the defining moment of the age of Aquarius.
6303212379|4.0|I don't know one kid from their mid 20's to late teens that hasn't seen this movie.  It's a classic!  Just to see the truffle-shuffle is enough to buy this movie.  I'd give this movie a 5 stars, but I do have one problem  with it.  I think that there is a part missing.  Ok...I remember when the  Goonies were underground, Data had to fight a squid.  He fell through the  ground and found this squid.  But this tape does not have that part.  (just  to prove that the squid exists) In the end of the movie when the police  were questioning the kids, Data made a remark about &quot;the squid.&quot;   If this tape had that part, it'd get a 5.  Other then that, Goonies is  great
B00000IPAX|4.0|First of all I'd like to say I've been a true blink fan since cheshire cat. secondly, I'm sure many of you are tired of hearing blink's songs over and over again and maybe you're not. I like all of blink's songs and their  videos are extremely funny, but i didn't feel compelled to buy Enema until  I heard this track.    I had been going through hell because everything I  had seemed to be turning against me. I had to make excuses to myself so i  could stay alive just one more day. The lowest point in my life happened  when one of my friends (and one of my only reason to wake up in the  morning), Amy, just broke up, if u will, with me. I had been through  emotional hell to be with her and here i was with nothing. I decided i was  gonna kill myself and that's when i heard this song on my friends cd called  &quot;adam's song&quot;. i stopped and listened to it. The song said  &quot;I never thought I'd die alone/I'd laugh the loudest who'd of  known?&quot; i realized that there are others going through hell too and i  decided that maybe i could live this thing out. that song saved my life.     this is also a very good cd with many songs based on their fav. subjects:  girls and frustrating they are.
B000001FC0|5.0|Ok, I have to admit that I have some emotional ties to this album.  See, this was my first tape that I ever got.  I was in 4th grade.  But even though I listened to it a million times, I still love it.  Classics like  Shout and Everybody Wants to Rule The World are great.  But really, the  whole album is good.  It has that 80's feel to it, but yet is still  musically sound.  I really love this album and hope you do the same
630512762X|4.0|For those of you who like bangin shooting scenes this is your movie.  However the action is not non-stop which disappointed me.  There is a lot of focus on the unbelievable plot but the action scenes make up for it.
B00000JGEI|5.0|TERMINATOR 2 Judgement Day.Need I say more?  This has got to be the most stunning and anticipated movie sequel in film history.It is an absolute ARNIE CLASSIC.<br />Linda Hamilton gives an even better performance here than  in the first film.This must be one of the few films that is PERFECT in  every sense.<br />Action,suspense,Arnies trademark 1 liner's What more could  you want.Special effects were brilliant. I must say that Arnie is still in  my opinion the toughest,strongest action hero today.He ain't done yet.Ther  are plenty of Arnie Action Films to come in the future.HE IS STILL THE BEST  OF THE BEST.            &quot;He'll  be back&quot;
B0000029LG|5.0|This cd is simply one of the best works michael has done.The first cd is the bomb cause it has every major hit he has had through his career.In the second cd,michael starts it off with the explosive track Scream,which is a  duet with his sister Janet. Another great song on this cd is You Are Not  Alone,which is probably one of the best ballads of all time.Then there is  Childhood, which will put tears in your eyes. Stranger in Moscow is the  most hauntning track on the album,and there are many other great songs on  the second cd.This should be very enjoyable,especially if you are a die  hard fan of the king of pop.
0684872153|4.0|The genius of Frank McCourt's memoir is its tendency to bring the reader into reality.  The reality of the world touched me and made me remember that there are people out there who have much less than I do, and they are still happy.  Throughout the novel, Frank was thankful for what he had and  said that there were others who had less than he.  The McCourt family is  plagued with poverty and disease, and I can't think of anyone who had less  than they did.  But, the true humanity of Frank reached out to some who had  less than he, and on numerous occasions, the McCourt family gave to those  who had less than themselves.  Frank was also guilty of stealing, and  although he knew it was wrong, somehow he is justified because his family  had been through so much.  Stealing food and money sometimes was all that  could keep them alive.  &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; allowed me to remember  that there are people out there who are suffering.  A truly fascinating  book that will make any reader thankful for what they have.
B000002H6C|5.0|This CD is incredible musically and features some of my personal favorite Metallica songs ever like &quot;And Justice For All...&quot;, &quot;One&quot;, &quot;To Live is to Die&quot;, and &quot;Dyer's Eve&quot;.   This is probably the most complex Metallica CD, but the production is kind  of bad.  If you buy only three Metallica CD's make it &quot;Puppets&quot;  and this one. (I haven't heard &quot;Kill 'Em All&quot; though, so it might  be awesome too)
6305603847|4.0|This Pink Floyd classic looks and sounds better than ever on this DVD - I just wish I had 5.1 Dolby Digital! (I may just have to upgrade my audio equipment just for this). Besides the brilliant film itself, the purchase  price of this disc is worth it just for the TWO documentaries included,  plus the ongoing commentary by Roger Waters (who seems to lose it in some  sections, but regains himself) and animation director Gerald Scarfe. A  casual fan such as myself greatly benefits from the behind-the-scenes and  history; it'll make sense after this! A must-have for any music fan.
B000002H33|5.0|This CD is simply amazing from start to finish, and when all is said and done, the Metallica CD you'll keep coming back to.  Highlights of the alblum include &quot;Battery&quot;, &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;,  &quot;Sanitarium&quot;, and &quot;Orion&quot;.  This CD is easily one of  the best I've ever listened too and is an absolutely essential purchase.
0783225792|4.0|While I usually like to review the quality of the DVD itself, this is a very good film besides. I love De Niro and Pesci, but the star of this show was probably Sharon Stone. Although I'm not a huge fan of Stone's, she did  a remarkable job. De Niro as a Jew was a bit far-reaching, but believable.  Pesci, as usual, was Pesci. 'Nuf said. The DVD quality is great - beautiful  picture and great sound. Besides the obligatory trailer, actor bios, and  production notes, there are no noteworthy extras. That's a shame, but  doesn't take away from this Scorsese masterwork! The best part of this is  seeing the maybe-true aspect of corruption in gambling casinos.
6304578482|5.0|This is definitely one of my all-time favourite movies - so funny and girly and colourful and upbeat!  They are pretty much what you'd call bimboes, but they have the best fun! I love some of the weirdness of it,  how the girl levitates above the limo.  Oh, and when the students jump out  of the yearbook as R &amp; M relive their bittersweet High School memories!  Some of the dream sequences were a little too drawn out, but for the most  part, it was fantastic.  They reminded me of how me and my friends were in  High School - legends in our own lunchtime. Wacky fun!
0792843835|5.0|This film is an absolute gem on all levels! The cinematography really takes you &quot;between Las Vegas and no where.&quot;. It also has a soundtrack that is a must have, the haunting vocals &amp; melody of &quot;I  am Calling You&quot; the signature track, will make you want to watch this  film over and over.  For anyone that has ever thought about leaving  somewhere, for ANYWHERE, Bagdad Cafe will speak to you!
B000031WD8|5.0|On seeing the preview of this film, I really didn't want to go and see it - it looked like a Porky's for the 90's, really not my thang.  But I thought it was great!  It made me empathise with what boys go through -  that poor guy and his apple pie!  Embarrassment after embarrassment.  It  was clever how it seemed to be able to mesh grossness and sensitivity into  one roller-coaster ride of fun!  Chris Klein was gorgeous and Alyson  Hannigan was adorably good!  So many funny scenes.  Possibly the most  realistic teeny movie I've ever seen.  Can't believe it's American  (although that is obvious, seeing as where the pie comes from)  It is a  little kooky, which doesn't hurt. The dihorrea scene and the internet scene  were both a little silly and far-fetched, but the rest was perfect!  A  loveable cast too.  Ah, need I go on?
0790737345|5.0|QUITE A TRAGIC MOVIE BUT IT MADE ME LAUGH, CRY AND REALISE THERE IS MORE TO LIFE THAN WHAT WE THINK.  SETH'S COMMENT OF &quot;I WOULD RATHER HAVE ONE BREATH OF HER HAIR, ONE KISS FROM HER MOUTH, ONE TOUCH OF HER HAND THAN  AN ETERNITY WITHOUT IT&quot; SAID IT ALL ABOUT TRUE LOVE . A TRULY  BEAUTIFUL MOVIE
0440219078|4.0|I had to read this book for a school project and at first It seemed really stupid, but as I progressed throughout the book I began to really like it.  It was really good until you got to the ending, it was what seemed like a  waste.  The ending was poor, but overall it was a pretty good book.  I  would recomend it to anyone in middle school.
B0000062Y2|3.0|The music is wonderful, but the remastered recording was done poorly and sloppily. What was the rush?
0783233477|4.0|It brings something into my heart.      The picture is very beautiful especially in  color.
B000000WJZ|5.0|when you first hear the album, you probably will think it sucks. but after a few more listens, BAM, your hooked. it is an AWESOME, diverse album. with hard rockers like Cherub Rock, Rocket, Quiet, Today, and others, you get  lots of good guitar. with nice quieter songs (i guess you could almost call  them ballads?) like Mayonaise, Soma, and Disarm, you can't go wrong.  Mayonaise and Disarm are the BEST songs on the album. if you don't have it  already, GET IT. (BTW- machina is awesome, too. despite what a lot of  people say.)
0792156684|5.0|When i first saw this beautiful story, i am    really moved, but this is not all. James Cameron   created such a wonderful movie with excellent p-   ictures and nice music. Maybe some people think   that it is too simple in  content and we can see    nothing except a tragedy and a very common love    story, but i think even so , we should still kn-   that it remind us of  courage which we really ne-   ed when we are facing great dangers. Leonardo  Di   Caprio made an example in this movie. Kate Wins-   let performs very  well too, she showed a so viv-   id role in front of us. i would say that  Leonar-   do and Kate are so suitable together in this mo-   even though  somebody thought not. so far, i hav-   e seen this movie for six times, but  i still fe-   el that there is no limit of time to see it. wh-   erever and  whenever, it is a best choice for yo-   u and me to see it! i wish that  everyone would    like it!
B000005RMY|4.0|While this compilation is an excellent one and charmingly includes, in the liner notes, CD-sized reprints of the covers of each EP, the arrangement of the tracks could have been done better. The arrangement seems to begin in  the middle, then suddenly back up to the beginning, then skip around.<br />It  is understandable that some chronological modifications needed to be made  to avoid running the same songs on multiple tracks, in those places where  songs were repeated from EP to EP, but the apparent disarray seems a bit  much. Still, however, you can easily drag and drop the songs into proper  order in WinAmp (or play around with your CD player's  &quot;programming&quot; options for twenty minutes) to hear the real  progression of styles. And it must be said that, unless you have an amazing  source for old vinyl, this is your only chance to get a lot of these songs,  almost all of which are very worth having.<br />I find it a bit telling of the  expertise of the &quot;Professional Critic&quot; above's opinions that,  while both 1969 and Gimme Shelter were mentioned (in the same sentence),  only Gimme Shelter was specified as a cover. 1969 was originally performed  by The Stooges. Everybody loved The Stooges.<br />Look around on the 'net -  you can find even rarer versions of some of these songs in MP3 format --  most notably live 90's versions of Anaconda and Body Electric, the 93  remake of Alice, and several even rarer songs, such as the single of  &quot;Emma,&quot; a few seperate remixes of &quot;Under the Gun,&quot; and  RealAudio tracks of very obscure things including &quot;Red Skies  Disappear&quot; -- the original draft of &quot;First and Last and  Always&quot; -- and a nine-minute medley cover of &quot;Knickin' on  Heaven's Door&quot;, &quot;Purple Haze&quot;, and &quot;Louie, Louie&quot;!  Now if they would just compile all THAT stuff!
0684874350|5.0|All of a sudden the actions of many of my relatives seemed part of a larger pattern. My God! Was it because we have Irish roots &amp; souls? I did NOT find this book to be &quot;self-pity tripe&quot; as others have described it. I thought the author spoke in a unique running narrative,  with a matter-of-fact rather than &quot;woe is me&quot; tone. Hell, I  challenge anyone describing this as their history to make it sound upbeat.  The truth was a story in itself and it has occured many times over  throughout our human history. That he survived in an indifferent world was  uplifting. I have many connections to this. I come from a long line of  passionate, creative people who love and live hard. Many of them have made  the mistakes of McCourt's father and mother. A handful have gone to succeed  like the author and his siblings.  But the very best was Frank McCourts  opening. The first few paragraphs of the book set the stage nicely. In  short, he says a happy childhood may not have the worth of a difficult one.  Hard beginnings have created some of the best characters out there. I'm  sure I would be a very different person myself if I came from  &quot;soft&quot; beginnings. But I did not. I'm the strong and passionate  person I am because I did not, and that is the way of the world. It is  rewarding to read a book where my temperment and instictive nature makes  sense.
B000002H33|5.0|This is one of the very few albums that can genuinely be called a masterpiece. It is the undisputed king of metal albums, and is certainly in the top 5 of any genre. Because it's so good, any music fan - whatever you  usually listen to - can warm to it; and if it broadens your musical  horizons, what a bonus!
B000002J20|5.0|Simply brilliant; one emotional high after another.Add this to your life's experience and enjoy for the rest of your life.
B00003003R|5.0|I will start by saying that this is the greatest live cd that anyone has ever came out with.It is rather sad to hear that Gn'R has broke up,only to have Axl and the next Gn'R Gen. to try and bring back rock in a new  style.The Live cd is probably the last remnants of the greatest rock band  to have emerged on the face of the planet.The cd is a masterpiece of Gn'R's  greatest work and I am proud that Axl and Slash could decide on the  arrangement of songs that will forever be echoed in time.The cd shows that  no matter who says that Gn'R was not the greatest band to listen to live  has totally thrown that opinion and rumor to the dogs.The cd is a work of  art and the greatest band to ever live cannot and never will die.I somehow  don't believe that Axl Rose can say that he will never get the old band  back together nor does he ever want to.This cd is definitely worth buying  and I think you'll agree.They say that first impressions are always most  important,well I've definitely been impressed.SO DO YOU KNOW WHERE YOU  ARE,YOUR IN THE JUNGLE BABY,AND GN'R WILL NEVER  DIE!
6305810109|5.0|Who would have expected David Lynch, the director of films from the bizarre underbelly of America (Eraserhead, Blue Velvet, Twin Peaks) to come up with such a beautifully simple movie about the need for redemption in  life, and do it without corniness or coarseness? Yet, Lynch has created one  of the most touching movies I've seen in a long time - while avoiding the  saccharine effects of Hollywood fare. \\"The Straight Story\\" is literally a straight story, about an old man named Alvin Straight. As a \\"road movie\\" it runs a straight line from start to finish, but  along the way Lynch throws in some of his best scenes, pacing and dialogue, which keep the movie from being too maudlin or flat. Alvin Straight, a retired Iowa farmer in the receding twilight of his life, sets out to see  his ailing brother, whom he's not seen or spoken to in years, in Wisconsin. He can't drive and won't take the bus, so he hitches up a makeshift trailer to his battered tractor and makes the journey, at 15 mph, across the  heartland to see his brother. Cue the heart-swelling scenes of Iowa cornfields and the uplifting music by Lynch pal Angelo Badalamenti. But none of it plays predictably. Straight encounters some unique people on the  road - some who might seek his help and wisdom, some who could help him -  and it's in this context that Lynch works his quirky magic. The old cliche  about life being a journey gets an elegant and charming makeover. Alvin reveals, through conversations with strangers, that he's led a  tumultuous and cantankerous life; but even now, his stubbornness both drives him and keeps him on the straight path to his brother's doorstep. We know  that 10 years of bad blood have separated the two men; will Straight's  brother finally accept him once he arrives? Will Straight own up to his  past mistakes? Will the film end on a falsely-derived feel-good ending? Lynch avoids the traps skilfully and gives us some very interesting  characters along the way. Richard Farnsworth plays Straight beautifully: a mixture of quiet stubborness mastered by resignation. His weathered face  says a lot. Sissy Spacek gives a deft performance as Straight's mildly  retarded daughter. She has a life full of her own regrets and mistakes: she tries to be strong and helpful for her aging father, yet we learn she has children of her own somewhere, taken away by the state long ago. There are other characters who play small but interesting roles: a young runaway  girl who shares a roadside camp with Straight; a barman who offers Straight  a beer and a painful memory; a family straight out of a Norman Rockwell tableau, and, in a classic Lynchian scene, an unhinged woman motorist who hits a deer and flips out in front of the bemused Straight. The dialogue is right on target, being neither contrived nor melodramatic. In one scene, shot from a middle distance, we see Alvin talking to someone, but we can't quite hear them. Rather than mike it so that every line is  audible, Lynch chose instead to keep the viewer outside. That and the somewhat off-kilter camera angles makes the look and tone of \\"The  Straight Story\\" so refreshing: not everything has to be explained or  conventional. Lynch isn't putting heroic words in Alvin's mouth, nor is he  saying that being old and decrepit is somehow noble. There are no weird,  malevolent or supernatural beings here. Lynch has (for once - maybe not for  the last time) given us a look at real life, the way it meanders along with no seeming purpose, but whose little events add up to something greater.lays Straight beautifully: a mixture of quiet stubborness mastered by resignation. His weathered face  says a lot. Sissy Spacek gives a deft performance as Straight's mildly  retarded daughter. She has a life full of her own regrets and mistakes: she tries to be strong and helpful for her aging father, yet we learn she has children of her own somewhere, taken away by the state long ago. There are other characters who play small but interesting roles: a young runaway  girl who shares a roadside camp with Straight; a barman who offers Straight  a beer and a painful memory; a family straight out of a Norman Rockwell tableau, and, in a classic Lynchian scene, an unhinged woman motorist who hits a deer and flips out in front of the bemused Straight. The dialogue is right on target, being neither contrived nor melodramatic. In one scene, shot from a middle distance, we see Alvin talking to someone, but we can't quite hear them. Rather than mike it so that every line is  audible, Lynch chose instead to keep the viewer outside. That and the somewhat off-kilter camera angles makes the look and tone of \\"The  Straight Story\\" so refreshing: not everything has to be explained or  conventional. Lynch isn't putting heroic words in Alvin's mouth, nor is he  saying that being old and decrepit is somehow noble. There are no weird,  malevolent or supernatural beings here. Lynch has (for once - maybe not for  the last time) given us a look at real life, the way it meanders along with no seeming purpose, but whose little events add up to something greater.
0060977264|5.0|Paulo Coelho writes another great story (one should read &quot;The Alchemist&quot; first) about love, God and the struggle between the two. When one leaves their home, family and childhood love for a spiritual journey, then sends word to his childhood sweetheart, things begin to tense  up; human love for another, or spiritual love for God. A great story and  well written, Coelho knows how to tell a story simply and clearly. Highly  reccomended!
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido is extremely addictive.  The album is uniquely ambient and calm, but at the same time hits you right between the eyes.  Every song is very engaging and welcoming, and soothes me after every listen.  Her voice on  each track reminds me of someone differnt: Sarah McLachan, Dot Allison,  Beth Gibbons or Sade, yet purely original.  The beautiful and honest lyrics  paint a picture of characters as the flawless production set the scenes.   This album was definitely in my top five of last year and I assure you that  you will not be disappointed.
B00004LN16|5.0|Any real AC/DC fan will agree,best overall album since FLICK OF THE SWITCH.Gets better with every listen,I wake up with these tunes ROCKIN in my head.                                                    PS,                                                   Thank you For saving rock-n-roll once  again
0375751513|1.0|The novel The Picture of Dorian Grey is an unoriginal story line with disturbing morals in which innocent people are corrupted.  Written in the late 18th century by Oscar Wilde the novel is an example of homosexual  fiction.  While the sexual preference of the characters is never addressed  it is often hinted at.  Many of the morals presented in the novel are  very disturbing.  Harry presents his views in such a way as to make them  seem right. He \\"preaches\\" on living a life for pleasure, and the  sensations.  He  stresses that women are merely brainless playthings there  to provide entertainment.  His theory on remaining young is to repeat all  your youthful sins.  This is presenting a lifestyle of self-indulgence, in  which material things bring happiness.  Harry's corruption of Dorian  leads to the corruption of many others.  As Dorian begins to live as Harry  has suggested he begins to use his influence over people to his advantage.  He drives Sibyl Vane to her death, and also her brother who tries to seek  revenge.  Many close friends become outcasts because of his escalating bad  reputation.  In this story of twisted corruption, Basil Hallward is a  very likely target for destruction. Had is not been for his adoration of  Dorian then Harry never would have become interested in him.  It becomes  obvious that in order to be rid of all the mishaps Dorian must be rid of  the originator.  Basils death is almost obvious from the start.  The  main storyline, man sells soul for youth, is one used many times by several  authors.  It is based on a 15th century German magician Johann Faust.  In  his time he was considered a fake and a criminal.  In the original  Faustbook (1587), written by an unknown author, is a biography of Johann  Faust in which he sells his soul to the devil Mephistopheles for 24 years  in return for power, knowledge, and youth and finally goes to hell in  terror.  It is ironic that this is also approximately the same amount of  time it takes Dorian to become fully corrupted and destroy the painting.  All in all the book was a waste of time.  With its disturbing morals and  unoriginal storyline the book left something to be desired.  It was often  predictable and uneventful.  This is not a book that I would recommend to  other people.an to become fully corrupted and destroy the painting.     All in all the book was a waste of time.  With its disturbing morals and  unoriginal storyline the book left something to be desired.  It was often  predictable and uneventful.  This is not a book that I would recommend to  other people.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This CD has so many good songs. Here are my favs. 1. Guerrilla Radio 2. Voice of the Voiceless 3. Testify 4.War Within A Breath 5. Mic Check 6. Sleep Now In the Fire.  The Sleep Now In the Fire video rocks.  The Battle  is almost as good as the self-titled album.
B000002AVF|5.0|When it came out, Daydream was by far Mariah's best effort. Her voice is truly amazing. Words cannot comprehend how good this woman is. She is truly a beautiful person on the inside and out.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is a first-rate action/sci-fi thriller.  It also showcases the capabilities of DVD, with multiple soundtracks, on-screen links to behind-the-scenes footage of the action sequences, and mini-documentaries  about the special effects. The DVD allows you to watch the film with music  and commentary only, commentary only, etc.  The music and commentary track  should be fascinating to any student of film, allowing the viewer to  concentrate on the impact that a well-crafted soundtrack has on the overall  film experience.
B00001ZWTT|4.0|I recently purchased a copy of Wild Wild West on DVD.  Having seen the movie atleast twice before, I knew the movie itself was great.  The best parts about the DVD version are all the behind the scenes elements.    Not  only does the DVD contain nearly an hour of behind the scenes looks at how  diferent elements were created; it also has a special audio track in the  movie where Barry Sonnenfeld makes remarks about the production of the  movie.  This extra track has many interesting and entertaining comments and  points out things that you would not ordinarily know about the production  of the film.    I highly recomend this DVD for anyone interested in the  west, inventions, comedy, romance, action, and now production.  That should  cover just about everyone.
0380002930|5.0|I read this first when I was in 5th grade. I loved it even then. Anyone who has read and likes Brian Jaques's books will just love this tale. I liked learning part of the Rabbit language and it was a very interesting book.:)
0688002307|5.0|It would indeed be a sacrilage if one goes about talking on ZAAMM without dwelling on the cover page itself...here we find the symbolic representation of the work in its entiriety...a spanner head at one end and a flower(white) at the other end &gt; the spanner symbolises this era of  technological and scientific advances...the rational facet of our   reality!The flower at the other end represents the emotional/spiritual  aspect of our reality... the combination of both makes it an interplay of  polar opposites....and it is this conflict Pirsig resolves in a masterly  way!...It is indeed possible to be scientific and at the same time  spiritual...and this is the way to evolve at the inner level in this age of  paradigm shifts!       Though Pirsig starts with the description of a cross  country bike ride with his curious son.. the journey soon becomes an  amazing spiritual odyssey of a man in search of himself.. the route maps  without charts the pathways within..the very motorcycle becomes the  extention of the rider...and here the inanimate assumes the soulfulness of  Life itself!...I'm just reminded of a brilliant short story &quot;Inside  and Outside&quot; by Hermman Hesse that gives immense insight into the  sprit lurking within ZAAMM!     Surely, Pirsig talks much like our fellow  pilgrim on our journey towards light...the inner light...call it  &quot;QUALITY&quot; or &quot;SELF&quot;...his gleamings from the way side  becomes our lamp posts ..and soon we realize that the path we tread outside  is the very path we closed within...and the musings of this maverick mystic  knocks that door open...!    ZAAMM is a modern scripture for this  millennium!
0385484518|5.0|&quot;Tuesdays&quot; brings to the surface all of the emotions we continually try to hide.  Many people should easily identify with the author and should be able to relate this powerfully sad (but remarkably uplifting) story to their own lives.  A wonderful telling of a relationship  lost and forgotten, only to be rediscovered (by chance) just before it was  too late.  A keeper!
6305074364|5.0|&quot;Misery&quot; is a psychopathicaly suspenseful film filled with laughs, jumps, and wonders. Kathy Bates plays the best part and does a hell of a job at it!
0312853238|5.0|I don't like sci-fi books, I'm more of a fantasy person, but I loved this book. You really get to know Ender, and get very attached to the characters. The review before this stated that Thirds are super intelligent humans. This is not true. Thirds are the third child in a family.
B000002BBY|5.0|&quot;What's The Story Morning Glory&quot; is by the far the best Oasis album. Liam Gallagher's unique vocals combined with Noel Gallagher's tremendous ability to write fantastic lyrics have combined to make Morning  Glory an outstanding album packed with upbeat, catchy tunes such as Roll  With It and She's Electric and haunting ballads like Wonderwall and Don't  Look Back in Anger. This is one album that belongs in everyone's  collection.
6304366078|5.0|After watching the orginal footage on Turner Classic Movie, I was left speechless.  The widescreen captures so much more of the action than the standard formated version.  Grand Prix is a wonderful movie for racing  enthusites.  The filmwork around the &quot;old&quot; Spa and the Monza  banking at 180MPH onboard a ferrai screeming from the wonderful V-12, just  fanstastic.  This is history frozen in time, I just hope DVD would produce  the movie to make it an exceptional piece.  If you decide to purschase the  movie, buy the widescreen edition.
0767809246|5.0|This movie gets better each time u watch it. It is a rare gem!  The story of four young boys going a trip of their lifetime is so unforgettable.  All of the boys realize something important in their life through the  adventure.  This is a great film about coming of age and friendship; it has  great music, cinematography, and, most important, acting.  River Phoenix is  radiant in this picture; never has a young boy actor give such a memorable  and moving performance.  I have watched this film many times, and my eyes  got wet every time the credit rolls and &quot;Stand by Me&quot; plays.  Three cheers for this great film!
B00000ILBK|5.0|I think that Insurection is by a long shot the best Star Trek film. The story is mostly about what is called the PRIME DIRECTIVE which has exsisted since the federation was founded in 2160 and captain Picard discovers that  a joint allience of the Sona and the Federation to abandon what he has  thought for all his life. He and several members of his crew fight on  behalf of the defensless baku so they can stay on the planet that has kept  them young. But do the Sona just want the planet , or is there some  personal involvement?
6305537798|5.0|I love this movie.  I have watched it a coutless number of times when I'm just chillin' with my girlfriends.  It's a hilarious teenage romantic comedy where the heroine isn't exactly a sweet little princess, but ends up  falling in love in the end anyway.  There are a couple of scenes that are  so incredibly cute, you can't help getting tingles all over while laughing  your head off!  Every girl WISHES she could get a guy like the one in this  movie. I recommend this movie to all teenagers, but it's mostly a  chic-flick.
B00000J7J4|1.0|Okay, I grew up with Santana....I dug his sound. Only, I must admit, it is hard to find Carlos here. I mean, I was more impressed with his liner notes - indicative of a soulful man with a lot of gratitude for the love and art  in his life - than the tunes. I conclude that this is not a Santana album,  but a Pop Artists of the 90's disc, with Santana's name on it. I suppose  that if you had no clue of his earlier works, you wouldn't know the diff  and would enjoy the POP sounds of this work, but....I DON'T! Hey,  Carlos....call me when you make your own music.And when you get 8 grammies  for that, I'll be Superimpressed.
B000007T1M|5.0|This cd is surprisingly different than anything i've really listened to before.  I expected it to be similar to all the other hard stuff, but it's more than just heavy thrash music.  System of a Down really throws messages  at you in an aggressive and energetic style.  It's a very original cd and I  strongly reccommend it to any fan of hard and heavy stuff.
B00000AF98|1.0|i am being kind when I say this is the worst KISS album.  In truth, it is the worst pop metal album of the 80s.  And this from a die hard KISS fan.  The cliches are abundant (and considering KISS is full of cliches, that's  quite an accomplishment).  i remember Paul Stanley saying that this was an  attempt to record another 'destroyer'.  He must not own the same copy of  Destroyer I do.
6303418287|5.0|I love this movie. If you are a true fan of Mary Shelley you should love this movie.<br />I think that because popular culture has managed to turn Frankenstein into a horror story, the essential elements have become lost.  People expect to see a story that is not true to Shelley's vision.   Frankenstein in reality, is a tragedy.  Shelley makes statements in her  work about life, love, desertion, obsession, and consequences, and Branagh  does not forget this.<br />Branagh does a beautiful job in capturing the  gothic element of the piece, thus explaining the &quot;over the top&quot;  quality of it that seemed seriously to annoy some viewers. One must  remember, after all, that Mary Shelley was a Romantic writer, married to  one of the great Romantic poets Percy Shelley and dearly admired by his  friend Lord Byron. So the piece should have an exaggerated feel to it. Just  think of the works and the lives of her contemporaries. Those who sneer at  this aspect of the movie and actually boast about the hilarity of it,  should not boast their ignorance so brazenly.  Maybe they should have paid  a little bit more attention in English class!<br />Branagh does truly have an  excellent feel for his subject and for Mary Shelley's work. The story could  not be any more timely. In an age where we are making babies in petrie  dishes it could not be more relevent. I think it is very easy for people  who do nothing creative to abuse Branagh's efforts.  Bravo Kenneth! You  done good.
B000023VR6|5.0|This CD is very good, anyone, and i mean ANYONE, who likes rap music should buy it, there is not one boring track! There are some great singles including: Forgot about Dre, and Still D.R.E. People, just buy it, and  you'll LOVE it, GUARANTEED!*               peace         ~Slim  Shady<br />*only if you like rap
0345349571|3.0|OK Ok...so I am not a history professor. Not even a history student..Perhaps that would have helped me through this one...If you can sort out the players as you go along, you are ready for a PhD. There is a confusing array of colorful characters, but I had a tough time keeping them  straight, partly because the author has a habit of using different names  for the same person. As if I knew them in advance. I did not. So oftentimes  I had to go back and see who was who..Fortunately, there is an EXCELLENT  index. There were marvelous insights into day to day life, and these appear  suddenly for no logical reason, but they are welcome after plodding through  the dry facts and names...All in all, a fine book if you are deeply  interested in France in the 14th century.  I did learn alot. It just seemed  too much like a college course, I guess. It was crammed with facts, and I  was glad to finish it.  I never give up on a book once I start it, but if  you sometimes do, think twice before buying this one.  You have to like the  subject alot to keep it all straight..After all, you are trying to swallow  an entire century of French history. There were plenty of people to fill up  those one hundred years.. Enjoy it. Don't bite off too much and you will do  fine.
B00003CWPQ|1.0|In reading other reviews here it seems people find what they want to find in the movie.  In that sense, perhaps it is successful.  In my view it is a visually stunning mess. It is not, however, boring.  The visuals and  peculiar occurrences are enough to hold your attention, at least through  one viewing, IF you can stand the first 45 minutes.  But it builds tension  quite well, only to let the air fizz harmlessly out of the balloon at the  conclusion.  Kidman is dreadful ... brings to mind her &quot;acting&quot;  in &quot;Peacemaker&quot;.  Except for ONE properly delivered line near the  end, it is impossible to develop any feeling for this character. Who cares  about her at all. Whatever little the story line this movie may have had  going for it, Kidman's acting erases.  Cruise did a decent job with the  mess he had to work with.  <br />In essence, we have two perfectly-manicured  people sleepwalking through perfectly-manicured lives.  Obviously, they  need a wakeup call, so, of course, through a series of increasingly bizarre  events, they get one.  They do not &quot;receive&quot; it, however, and it  culminates in less than one minute of meaningful dialogue at the end (while  their young child wanders without supervision through a very busy store at  Christmas season).  Although they &quot;survived&quot; this wakeup call,  they will not survive the next.<br />After my wife and I spent about an hour  analyzing this movie, we essentially concluded the message wasn't worth  pursuing.  The only question you are left with worth considering is what  the heck was going on at the &quot;big ceremony&quot;.  Needless to say,  despite having the opportunity, Cruise's character doesn't ask the obvious  question.  Of course Pollack's character lied to him in the &quot;big  explanation&quot;, and of course he would have continued to lie ... but no  one could fail to ask the question.  Typical of a fatally flawed film.
B000002KFJ|5.0|This album finds the Sab Four coping well with their compulsion to temper the savagery of their bicep-driven metal by infusing new sounds.    'Hole in the Sky' kicks off 'Sabotage' and casts high hopes for the rest of the  album with its hard mechanical chord grind and Ozzy's maniacal singing. The  sound is classic Sabbath metal and the lyrics show Ozzy at his most  cynical.    'Don't Start (Too Late) / Symptom of the Universe' : The first  track is a fast acoustic instrumental that's loaded with premonition and  forboding. Fifty seconds after it begins, the subject of its warning  thunders out. 'Symptom of the Universe' is a long rocker that deserves a  place on Sabbath's live set, notwithstanding the weakness of its  conclusion. On this song you can hear what a band on PCP might sound like.  Ward, Iommi and Butler are bashing at their instruments so harshly that you  can almost see the sweat bleeding out of your speakers. Ozzy Osbourne is  left to wail out the lyrics as if he's singing for his life. The most  interesting thing about this track is the guitar distortion which sounds  somewhere between an oil-starved lawnmover and the proto-thrash of 'Into  the Void' or 'Under the Sun'.<br />     'Megalomania' and its B side  counterpart 'The Writ' are both very long, very complex and very  well-constructed. Since their previous album ('S.B.S.'), the group had  learnt how to adopt a better approach to those tracks on which they wanted  to sound 'progressive'. The longer of the two, 'Megalomania' is a nine  minute plus journey through a diseased mind (portrayed through Ozzy's  lyrics), augmented fantastically by Iommi's frenzied riffs. 'The Writ' is  very different in structure and revolves around Osbourne's vocal-led  assault. In essence, Ozzy leads the melody here and te overall effect makes  'The Writ' worthy of standing side-by-side with 'War Pigs' and 'Wheels of  Confusion'.     Of the remaining tracks, 'The Thrill of it All' is very  possibly the best. Combiningserious lyrical meaning with a  constantly-evolving guitar sound, it packs a well-defined punch.  'Supertzar' is the only filler on the album. Here, Iommi uses a Gregorian  chant as a sheet of paper as he lays very sketchy and repetitive guitar  chops over it. 'Am I Going Insane (Radio)' is a bit of a curiosity. Lifted  as the hit of the album on 'We Sold Our Soul....', all that it really has  to it is Iommi's pleasant solo. The rest of the song is repetitive and  gimmicky in areas, but, as the band were still experimenting with their  sound, to write off this track would be more than unfair.        In short,  you can't go wrong with 'Sabotage'. If I could go back in time, I'd buy it  after 'Mob Rules' in order to get the most appreciative slant on the work.  You can't just dive into this CD if you're serious about starting on a  Sabbath sweep. While being excellent, it might come across as almost  pretentious in the richness of its advanced texture. This is Black Sabbath  at its (naturally matured) best and overplaying it, like eating too much  chocolate, may make you sick.
0679777547|3.0|The author would have been much better served and would have served his readers better if he had kept to the opening narrative theme regarding the authenticity of a Dumas manuscript.  As he drifts into the supernatural realm, his text wavers between plausibility and poppycock.  Deft with  language at all times, the author seems to be enamored of Satanic themes to  an extent that stretches reader credibility because the genre into which  the book falls is not a tale of the supernatural.  By the time it is all  over, I found myself wondering &quot;So what, who cares?&quot;  But the  momentum of the author's prose was sufficient to keep me turning pages even  after it was clear to me that this was an inferior work to his previous  Flanders Panel.  I was so disgruntled by this book's abusurdly chaotic  conclusion that I almost did not read the next one: The Seville Communion,  which is a true gem. There the author's prose is matched by his narrative.
044022165X|5.0|This is one of Grishams best. Its the kind of book that makes you want to kep reading when your finished with the book. The characters are great. I could picture each one perfectly in my head.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie absolutely blew me away. I loved &quot;Seven&quot; and &quot;the Game&quot; so I knew i'd at least like the movie, but I could never have predicted how much. It is perfect in every sence of the word.  Every aspect of the film (Acting, Directing, Style, Story) is Faultless.  Brad and Edward go together like Mr and Mrs Brady, The editing and  Cinematography are mind-blowing. It is perfection. Anyone who disagrees is  Dead Wrong.
B00004LN16|3.0|A couple months ago, I heard Stiff Upper Lip on the radio, and I gotta say I was impressed. Butrr when I picked up this CD, I was quite disappointed. I enjoyed Flick Of the Switch more than this one. Unfortunately, it seems  that Ac Dc's career is gone since For Those About To Rock.For any new  listeners, go for the Bon Scott era.
0792839714|5.0|This movie is Awesome, even by todays standards. The special effects are still special, the violence is still violent. It hasn't lost any of it's shine. The actors fit their characters perfectly. Yul Brenner is completely  menacing as the robot gunslinger. Michael Crightons makes his Directing  Debut look like the work of a seasoned veteran. A Brilliant peice of work.
0671646788|5.0|Life changing. I credit this book for instilling many beliefs that helped to shape my future.
B00000K31V|4.0|Anyone who is unfamilier with David Cronenberg's work and don't know weather to purchase eXistenZ or not need only see one film... Videodrome. If you like that, you'll like eXistenZ. The plot is far too complicated to  explain but beleive me, fams of the genre will not be disappointed.  P.S.  (for people who have seen it) Isn't the &quot;Bone Gun&quot; amazing.
B000000LZV|5.0|Words could really not express the love I have for this CD. This album is the greatest creation. The first time I heard it I was struck with utter awe. I have never heard a 3 piece band sound so unified. Every instrument  is so equally balanced. Nobody on this planet played like D. Nobody plays  like Watt. Nobody plays like George. These guys took influence from so many  contemporaries and created the most original sound. This album is  everything. I would pick this album over any album in the world. Buy this.  It will change your life. Thanks Mike, D and George! I owe you big. Oh, if  you can get your hands on the cassette of this one, get it. You'll like it  when you get it.
0767821629|4.0|I don't know about other country's, but in Australia this movie was bagged by Critics and Audiences. It seems people either love it or hate it. I love it. It has the perfect mix of Sci-fi, Murder Mystery, Film Noir, Action,  Special Effects and Plot twists. It has a brilliant story line and The  acting in sufficient. An all-round great movie.
B000002V0Q|5.0|best thrash metal cd ever. great riffs, great drums, and good production. the vocals are overdone but fun. the lyrics are down right dumb. it sounds like he gets his inspirations from saturday morning cartoons for little  kids. this makes it even more amusing
080013799X|5.0|I have seen other Monty Python movies and they were funny as well, but this one was the best one. In fact, it is probably the funniest movie ever! The only parts that I didn't like were the ending and the animations but  the rest of the movie more than made up for those. If you like British  humor, than watch this movie!
6301797906|5.0|This is a great movie based on a great novel, and I am surprised by how honestly the film captures the raw humanity of the book.  Steinbeck weaved social commentary into the story, and the movie makes many points about the  human condition and spirit without being heavy-handed.  The story of the  Joads and their fight for survival rings very true, thanks to the realistic  performances and the atmosphere created by director John Ford.  Henry Fonda  gives one of the best performances I have ever seen him give, and his  &quot;I'll be there&quot; speech is one of the great movie moments.  Jane  Darwell is also very impressive, and her direct, down-to-earth style of  acting makes the quiet strength and the suffering of Ma Joad seem very  real.  The Grapes of Wrath is an American classic, both as a novel and as a  film.
B00000K0DT|5.0|I looked through the 149 customer reviews and couldn't help but read all of the one stars.  My message goes as follows:  When you go to the theatres to see a critically acclaimed, award winning movie and leave in disgust for  you were confused the whole time it's one thing (trust me, I've been  there).  But, when you have the movie, in your posession, free to watch  till the sun comes up, there's no excuse for profession of idiocy.  We're  happy to know that you were confused but it gives you no legitmate reason  to give it one star.  When I first saw the movie, towards the end, I was  ready to give it one star.  But, then there's that twist.  The one that the  most in tune person did not see coming the entire film.  This five minutes  of &quot;Oh my God!&quot; easily merits another viewing of what I now  belive is the greatest collaborative/suspense epic (yes epic) ever.  I've  nothing more to add to the already great 5 star reviews.
B00000JIL1|5.0|This is an excelent cd of an excelent musician.If you not know anything about Rory's music,it's the right beginning. Fantastic mix of great rythms,from blues to rock'n roll,from Jazz to Soul,with great  'solo'performance of Rory,a genuine guitar'show'man! I loved the emotional  track 1,an acoustic masterpiece,and i agreed with the other customer,that  track 10 show us,one of the great slide soloes ever recorded.Really a  musical GEM!
1573226521|5.0|This was one of the best books I have ever read, a real page-turner.  The movie however... not the goods.  Garland knows his craft and has an excellent eye for detail.  This story made me want to travel.  Reading is fundamental as Tim Hardaway would say.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Mirrorball is one of the best CDs I have ever heard.  Her best songs, like &quot;Angel,&quot; &quot;Building A Mystery,&quot; and &quot;I Will Remember You&quot; are all on this CD.  It is a wonderful mix of song from  all of her other CDs, one definitely worth buying.
B00004KD1L|5.0|One word: incredible.  Calling it &quot;electronica&quot; is really not very accurate.  As others have said, it is all over the place, style-wise, but it's all good, and sounds better the more you listen.  Buy this album!
6305657939|5.0|I'm not one much on action or adventure type movies, I lean towards comedies, but when I seen the previews I thought it might be good.  And then I seen it.  And it was GREAT!  This movie proves there doesn't have to  be a lot of blood and guts to be good.  The actors were great and the story  just awesome.  I was left wondering through the whole movie.  This is a  movie you can watch over and over and you'll always see something new you  missed before.  A MUST SEE &amp; MUST HAVE for every movie fan.  For the  other reviewers that didn't like the movie, what's wrong with you?  It is  excellent!
B00000295A|5.0|When I read Amazon.com Editor's review that \\"...is not Jamiroquai's most eloquent album, nor their strongest musically\\" I just couldn't believe it, for me it's the total opposite! Just listen to J's most recent albums it's  evident that they use much more synthesized sequences, and the real  instruments fall to a second plain. As a jazz-drummer I can tell you, the  musical performance in this album is unbelievable, it's a jazz-funky-fusion  that for me \\"eloquent\\" is an understatement! If you are a musician, if your  are a Jazz or Funk aficionado, you have to have this CD, trust me on this  one!
6305181772|4.0|Sleek, stylish and bathed in rich hues, the movie based on the popular TV series far surpasses it's predecessor.  Helmed by Brian DePalm, whose resume is a monument of inconsistentcy ranging from the great (Blow Out) to  the not-so-great, he's the definative hit-or-miss director.  And this one  he knocks out of the park.  Tom Cruise takes on the leading role of Ethan  Hunt (adding to his credibility as more than a pretty face) and does a  convincing job with a role that in less suitable hands could be viewed as  one dimensional.  Things get rolling early and often as the team of C.I.A.  agents prepare an elaporate sting of a computer pirate looking to cash in  by selling a list of undercover agents to the highest bidder.  Before long  the plan falls apart and Ethan finds himself the only surviving member of  his team and in turn is suspected of killing the others.  Though the plot  is more intricate than it seems, don't be fooled (after all this is a  popcorn movie).  All in all it's a rip-roaring adventure with assets that  far outweigh it's faults.
B000002U82|5.0|I'm just making sure this album has a five-star avg. cust. review
0790729725|5.0|A contemporary classic stylishly directed by Martin Scorsese, it's among his finest two plus hours (and that's really saying something coming from the man who brought us Taxi Driver &amp; Raging Bull!).  He once again  teams with Robert DeNiro to bring this seering tale of New York City's  organized crime syndicate in the late 70's to life.  The supporting cast  includes Ray Liotta, Lorraine Bracco and Joe Pesci (in the scene-stealing  performance that won him the Oscar). Based on the novel Wiseguy by Nicolas  Pillegi (who co-wrote the script) Goodfellas follows the life of Henry  Hill, a connected guy who lives out his criminal fantasy of being a member  of the mob and eventually decends into drugs, which leads to his ultimate  demise.  The use of the oldies pop/rock soundtrack has often been immitated  but never duplicated (though Pulp Fiction would be a comperable  comparison).  Beware: fans of The Godfather may be distraught in seeing  their ideallic vision of mob life torn down brick by brick.  Let there be  no mistake, this mob movie stands unrivaled (though it's getting a push  from the HBO series The Sopranos).  I  urge fans of this movie to check out  The King of Comedy (another DeNiro/Scorsese masterpiece).
B000002U82|5.0|a review.  I'm just here to make the avg. customer review 5 stars.  In other words, buy the CD.
0671027344|5.0|the perks of being a wallflower has to be my all time favorite book. i dont really know what to say about it except that if you havent read it, you really need to read it. sometimes people talk about how there are books that they read that they just cant put down. i had never read a book i  couldnt put down until now. this book is amazing.
B000002C1W|5.0|This was the first Floyd album I ever heard.  I never knew of Waters until I bought some 1970 Floyd albums.<br />This album may seem much different, especially to you stubborn Watermaniacs who won't accept the fact that Pink  Floyd is doing just fine without him.  They have launched numerous sold-out  stadium-filled tours and are doing great.<br />Signs of Life immediately shows  you this is different from the start.  It's a little sad freaky, and  bizarre with the oars rowing and the boat at the beginning.<br />Then there is  Learning to Fly, a radio hit(gasp.  YOU MEAN PF MADE A RADIO HIT WITHOUT  WATERS?) It is a happy song.(No offense, but I think its the first happy  Pink Floyd song ever)  <br />The Dogs of War really freaked me out,  considering the fact that I first heard it when I was about 3.  A weird  organ/string noise in the background (Play the sample to know what I mean)  is played after every line of lyric in the song.  (Fun thing to do in your  spare time: At night, turn the lights off, so you're in pitch black.  Turn  on Dogs of War on your stereo, and try to get through all six minutes  without having to turn on the lights)<br />I don't have all day to talk about  how good this album is, so just listen to the samples, read reviews, and  make your own judgement.
6301955595|5.0|The first time I watched this film I was completely taken aback by something that has never happened to me before while watching a movie: at the midpoint of the film I could not guess what was going to happen next!  In every other film I had seen to that point I could always make a good  guess on where the plot was going, and what could be expected of the main  charater(s). Not in this movie! And that alone to me made the movie that  much more worthwhile and enjoyable. I am a great fan of what little work of  Jodorowsky's that I've seen and read, he has an insight on humanity that  would frighten many, but the truth will do that.
B000000H40|5.0|This is by far the ultimate death metal CD ever. Obituary lets it all out on this release. James Murphy's guitar virtuoso stylings blend well with the plummeling brutal vocals of John Tardy. The bone-crushing riffs that  Murphy and Trevor Peers unlease combined with relentless bass pounding of  Frank Watkins and the pulverizing of the skins that Donald Tardy subdues is  chaotically blissful. If you own only one death metal CD, this has to be  it.
0393317552|4.0|A remarkable history of  the last 13,000 years. Diamond's prose style is a bit cumbersome at times but he documents his thesis with good data from a variety of scientific fields. I found the book somwhat repetitive but it is  a facinating topic, well researched and well presented.  A real thought  provoker.
6305358613|5.0|Very seldom in moviedom, is biography done as well as this. Cate Blanchett plays a young Elizabeth I of England, it shows the behind the scenes terror that she went through after being thrust into such a position. Unlike  others who have played the role she captures better than them all, the  human side to England's greatest ruler.  It was history come alive, I  think Blanchett was robbed of an Oscar on this one.
B000002L9M|5.0|This is one of those albums I can listen to over and over again and never get tired of it.  The album starts with an incredible dark and moody feel with &quot;Black Celebration&quot; and ends on such an uplifting high with  &quot;But not Tonight.&quot;  Everything in between is emotionaly charged  and powerful.  An essential recording from one of the worlds most gifted  musical groups.
B000002UBU|5.0|My brother bought this album when it was first released in 1972.  After many repeated listenings over the years, it's still great.  Some may say that it's &quot;been goin' in and out of style&quot; ala Sergeant Pepper's  Lonely Hearts Club Band, but the fact is that American Pie never left it's  audience so much as its audience left it.  The fact that only one customer  reviewer rated it at less than four stars is a testament of its staying  power (and I might add, that reviewer falsely asserted that the full length  version of the title track did not appear on this CD, which probably  accounted for the low rating).<br />Sure &quot;American Pie&quot; is a rock  classic and a staple of both classic rock and oldies stations everywhere,  but the fact is that this album has so much more to offer.   &quot;Vincent&quot;, hardly the weak song that the Amazon.com reviewer  rather stupidly portrays it to be, is a beautiful and lyrically rich tale  of despair, loneliness, and disappointment.  It's beautiful in it's  simplicity.  And many other customer reviewers have spoken eloquently about  the shamefully overlooked &quot;Sister Fatima&quot; (which disappeared from  reissues of the original vinyl LP but was restored in the CD  version).<br />The song that moves me the most is &quot;Empty Chairs&quot;, a  wistful song of lost love and loneliness that is in my opinion the   beautiful and overlooked track on this CD.  Listening to it brings me to  the verge of tears.  For those of you fortunate enough to see Don McLean's  recent PBS special &quot;Starry Starry Night&quot;, special guest Garth  Brooks performed a first-rate cover of this song.  <br />&quot;American  Pie&quot; withstands the test of time as a quintessential recording in the  vein of many of Bob Dylan's earlier works.  It deserves a place in the  collection of anyone who considers his or her self to be a rock  afficianado.
B000031XCR|5.0|This is a very nice compilation of all her old songs. A must buy for any fan of hers. I live in Singapore therefore I manage to get the Asian version of this CD (which I can get for you at a nominal fee of US$3).  Quite worth the money, considering Singapore gives away shopping bags with  Celine printed on it, while Esprit is crazily selling this set for US$47  when I get it for less than a third this price! Well, I just hope that  Cline has a good rest in her semi-break now, and may God bless her and  those whom she cares for. :o)
6305627347|5.0|I noticed that there are several negative reviews of this motion picture.  While I can accept that there are some who love the TV show and were disappointed about the movie treatment, I was rather perplexed about those  who were offended by the scatalogical humor and the profanity.  I should  have thought that the movie's title alone, if not Stone and Parker's  association with it, would have been warning enough.  For those who watched  it in spite of the obvious warning signals and got offended, I can only say  that you got what you asked for.  Next time, try something that won't  offend your thin-skinned sensibility-like Snow White.<br />That said,  &quot;Southpark:  Bigger, Longer, and Uncut&quot; is one of the three  funniest movies of 1999 (the others are &quot;American Pie&quot; and  &quot;Austin Powers-The Spy Who Shagged Me).  The picture is a brilliant  satire of censorship and political correctness along with the attendant  hypocrisy that goes along with such concepts.  Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and  Kenny see an R-rated movie starring their idols Terrence and Phillip, two  Canadians whose stock in trade is fart jokes and insults the like of which  I've never heard before.  <br />In typical fashion, the boys' mothers,  particularly Kyle's mother, who is somewhat of an activist, go on the  warpath to have Terence and Philip arrested and condemned to death.  The  execution is to take place at a USO show where Winona Ryder displays an  unusual talent (I understand she was very offended by this portryal).  This  execution in turn is a sign of Satan's imminent rule.  Satan and his gay  lover (Saddam Hussein) are watching the signs and having their own  problems.  Where do Parker and Stone come up with these ideas?  <br />All of  these plots come together in an outrageously funny that some will find  offensive.  Those who think with their minds in gear and tongue firmly  planted in cheek and who are not given to emotional excess will see this  picture for what it is:an in-your-face full frontal assault on the  hypocrisy of censorship and political correctness that takes no prisoners.
B0000203YT|1.0|I must say that I don't understand what was all the fuss about this movie. It's good, but very prone to be catalogued as a cliche. I will not really review this one as much as use it as an example that the academy awards  have sold out (they might have been before, but since I'm contemporary with  the later years I've come to notice now). Of the five movies nominated for  best picture this one deserved it the least, and I'm pretty sure that  saving Private Ryan was second in the ballots, which didn't deserve it  either. It seems that Hollywood thought that life is beautiful should've  been content with winning best foreign film and the thin red line was just  happy to be in such &quot;illustrious&quot; company and had no merits of  its own. Back to Shakespeare, it was a very flawed and disturbing film,  nothing like a real art house production, it was funny at times, tried to  be deep sometimes but never really accomplished anything. The acting was  nice, probably because it was full of many household names was a reason  hollywood liked it, &quot;hey they speak in english accents, it must be  sophisticated&quot;, phonies. Well I think I'm reaching a 1000 words.  Shakespeare in love was a nice but very overrated film, trying to fulfil  the art film genre and at the same time aspiring to be main stream. It  didn't accomplish either, so it was stuck with an, I mean 5 or so Academy  Awards.  If you are one of the common, unintelligent viewers who actually  enjoyed this movie, feel free to email me with your opinions (my email says  I bash books, but, as you can see, I do the same to bad movies).
B00000JCB2|5.0|I like KoRN better, but who cares. They need to get back to their old sound. Theirs only like 2 songs that sound like their old cd. Im Broke and Break Stuff. But I like their new sound. But I like the old one better.  This should be considered pop instead of metal and rock.
B00000I8UE|5.0|I'm a big Cassandra Wilson for many years now. Once I stood in line at the Variety Play House in Atlanta for 5 hours just to see her Traveling Miles Tour. The CD is tight and has a permanant spot in my #10 slot in my CD  changer. Her voice is the deepest, sexest, alto/tenor voice I've ever  heard. Miles is a great man and Cassandra did him great justice on this  one. Her stage performance is the best. I look forward to hearing from her  again soon.<br />oNe
B00003CX5A|5.0|I SAW THIS MOVIE IN THEATRES AND LET ME SAY IT WAS WONDERFUL. ACTING DIRECTING COSTUMES AND CINEMATOGRAPHY WERE ALL SUPERB, NOT TO MENTION THE SCRIPT. IT WAS A GREAT HORROR MOVIE THAT I WILL DEFINATELY ADD TO MY DVD  COLLECTION
0441172717|3.0|Although I happen to love SF, I cannot understand why Dune is considered one of the greatest of all times.  The first half was great, but the last part was totally different.  It seemed as though Paul transformed into a completely different person with different morals.  In addition, the plot  was way too complex.  After all, a few twists add to the plot, but an  entire book full of them merely confuse.  Despite all of the praise, I  found it to be confusing and boring.
6304118406|5.0|I love oliver stone and he is defintely one of the best and most contversial directors of all time. I think no one but oliver stone and Quenteen tarantino could make a master pice of murder like this one.I think  in a major way its like a clockwork orange in the 90's life style with a  great sountrak to go along with it.I belive people who say this movie  causes volience and provokes people to murder are finding a scapegoat to  express their anger at the real voilence in society.The movie is great go  get it! .And a another great couple movies from oliver stone is  &quot;platoon&quot; and &quot;on any given sunday&quot; oh and of course  'ZEBRAHEAD&quot; THAT HE PRODUCED.
0812589041|5.0|Card places himself among the ranks of Heinlein, Tolkein, and Herbert with this amazing work and its sequels.  It was recommended to me by my seventh-grade algebra teacher, and I am forever grateful to him.  It is the best book I have ever read (along with the other three sequels).  Never  have I read a book of equal caliber.  If you are looking for a book with  endearing, remarkably real characters, pick this up now.
6304118406|5.0|I love oliver stone and he is defintely one of the best and most contversial directors of all time. I think no one but oliver stone and Quenteen tarantino could make a master pice of murder like this one.I think  in a major way its like a clockwork orange in the 90's life style with a  great sountrak to go along with it.I belive people who say this movie  causes volience and provokes people to murder are finding a scapegoat to  express their anger at the real voilence in society.The movie is great go  get it! .And a another great couple movies from oliver stone is  &quot;Platoon&quot; and &quot;On any given sunday&quot; I really do hope a  natural born killers 2 will come out someday.
0767836286|4.0|I thought this would be your everyday terrorists try to destroy the world, hero saves the day kind of movie.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The look at modern society was a bit too cynical overall, but it did bring out some  interesting points.  I twould have been a five had it not been quite so  dark.
0440234743|1.0|Maybe it's a good thing that I only purchased the audiotape of The Partner and that the Street Lawyer was loaned to me, because I can't spend another penny trying to make it through the stereotypical characters (100 zillion  people in the law firm all stressed out, boo hoo) and predictable  plots.<br />Sorry Grisham, but fulfilling your book contract doesn't have to  be this painful.  But I did love The Firm.
0783226063|2.0|Soon after reading Dune, I found this movie and watched it.  I had heard that it was nothing like the book, but I was not prepared for what I saw.  The beginning was good-the book was followed exactly.  But then came the  rest, and I found myself to be watching a movie about this superhuman who  was capable of anything (not to mention being portrayed as something of a  deity).  It was nothing like the book.
6305750750|5.0|Listen, I understand the disappointment that some feel with Episode I.  I too left the theater feeling somehow let down, too much special effects, too little storyline.  I thought only later to re-think my position.  If it  could have been done in one movie, it would have.  Yes by itself, well it  leaves too much unsaid.  But any intelligent sentient would have to admit,  the special effects alone were worth the cost of admission.  With the rest,  unseen, the story left undone... it left me with the need more.  And yes,  I'm unhappy with the wait for Episode II and Episode III.  But like fine  wine, why rush it?  I am happy with the thought that George L. won't let  Star Wars fans down, after all, he is the biggest fan ever!
079073463X|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies, and for several reasons.  First of all, the acting is superb!  Rutger Hauer is wonderful as the strong-willed, yet romantic Navarre.  He does a spectacular job in all of his movies, but this  is my favorite of his.  Michelle Pfieffer, the beautiful Isabeau, is the  other half of the doomed and cursed lovers who are forced to suffer as a  result of the curse from the Bishop.  The story is amazing, as is the  MUSIC.  The music is BEAUTIFUL, and my favorite part is where the hawk is  flying across the water.  Wow, I can never get over that scene.  The music  gives such depth, and conveys the emotions of the movie brilliantly.  There  are many scenes that touch me, but my fave is where the doomed lovers are  in the ground and see each other for one brief second.  I cannot get  through that scene without crying.  When you watch it, you will know what I  mean.  This is a movie for everyone, and one that will certainly not  disappoint!
B00000J6AG|5.0|I'd give it all the stars in the sky if I could. When I listened to this CD, I was taken to another world. It's deeply moving. I felt as if I were floating in the air, an out of body experience. Music is my drug, I need it  all the time and when I don't have it playing, I play it in my mind. Moby  has embodied my spirit and for that I'm enternally greatful.
6305232660|1.0|A-M-A-T-E-U-R-I-S-H.
B000002IJL|5.0|This is one of the best movies ever, and a great CD.  If you love oldies then you will love this CD.  I love it! 1
B00000DLVA|3.0|On their past three albums, the Cardigans seemed to be trying to conceal a wounded heart.  On Gran Turismo, this wounded heart shines through uninhibited.  This new honesty is aided by the Cardigans' foray into the  world of trip-hop, and it works quite nicely for them.<BR><BR>Nina  Persson's delicate soprano has a quiet ferocity on this record.  Peter  Svensson's minimalist, yet inventive arrangements give the songs on Gran  Turismo a remarkably haunting feeling.  The album's first track,  &quot;Paralyzed&quot; opens with &quot;This is where your sanity gives in/  And love begins/ Never lose your grip/ Don't trip, don't fall.&quot; On  &quot;Starter&quot; Persson is determined to make a new beginning and leave  her past behind.  &quot;Hanging Around&quot; &quot;Erase/Rewind&quot; are  highlighted by a watery guitar effects and irresistible hooks.  However,  Gran Turismo's finest moments are in the slower songs.  &quot;Explode&quot;  is a melancholy and gut-wrenchingly depressing song.  &quot;Higher,&quot;  in stark contrast to the rest of the album, has a spacious, expansive, and  mellow mood.  The darkest tune on this album &quot;Do You Believe,&quot;  resonates with an oddly gothic sound and background vocals, while Nina  Persson, at her most sinister, croons &quot;Do you really think/ That love  is really gonna save your soul/ Well I sure hope so.&quot;  The only clear  remnant of the Cardigans from Life and First Band on the Moon is &quot;Junk  of the Hearts,&quot; which seems like a sweet ballad until the  chorus.<BR><BR>Overall, the trip-hop experimentation the Cardigans bring to  Gran Turismo puts Persson's wounded heart at the forefront.  It also allows  Svensson to explore new sonic territory for some intriguing results.
B00002DE2L|5.0|For those of you who enjoy listening to Baroque recordings on period instruments, empty, and devoid of passion or emotion, this recording is not for you. There are many recordings fitting that description these days, as  that style has become &quot;the way&quot; to play Baroque music.<br />I've  always thought that was a shame, and this recording by the amazing Ms.  Mutter just proves that point. She brings such vivid emotion and poignancy  to Vivaldi's work like no one else can. This sort of sound just can't be  created on period instruments.<br />The dynamic extremes of this recording are  simply amazing. At appropriate moments, you can barely hear Mutter in a  sweet pianissimo, and at other moments you'll find it hard to believe that  such fiery volume can come from parts that are played on solo  instruments.<br />If you want something different, something bold, then buy  this recording. You won't be sorry.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This album had me hooked from the first listening of it.  Whenever I listen to a new CD for the first time, I can always tell if it's good by if I can sit through the whole thing.  Well, I sat through all of When the  Pawn and then went back to On the Bound just to hear that awesome ending  instrumental (very Beatles-esque if you ask me, a lot like She's So Heavy's  ending)<br />Another think I really admire about Fiona is her ability to break  out of the mold of female solo musicians.  Not only is her voice a  wonderful deep alto, but her instrument is not the run-of-the-mill guitar,  but piano!  I don't mean to dis guitar players in any way, but I think it's  awesome that piano music can somehow fit into the rock/pop genre.<br />I think  people who call Fiona a &quot;depressing artist&quot; are out of their  minds.  Her songs do have a dark edge to them, but they have deeper  meanings than just poetic accounts of failed relationships.  There's  something else going on in them, and I don't know exactly what it is, but I  like it, it keeps me listening.<br />I think my favorite tracks on this CD  would have to be On the Bound, Paper Bag, and Get Gone.  Excellent lyrics  and moving music make this second Fiona Apple album a memorable one.
6305750750|4.0|I think the movie was very good...Not the best of the SW movies, but very good and part of the SW story.  I think it could be debated that it is about as good as ROJ (which is the one I like the least out of the original  trilogy).  The acting was good, effects were awsome, story was - well  certainly as good as the others.  I think it is great to see additional  pieces of the story unfold.  Also, to many of the people that did not care  for it - this part of the whole SW story, according to Lucas, is the least  interesting.  The reason why he made the original Star Wars the first movie  to be released was because he thought it was the most interesting of the  entire story.  I have two complaints though - one about the film and  another about the video release.  First, my complaint about the film is  that the effects were great and all of the ships were cool too, but the  ships and other things look more &quot;advanced&quot; than the ones in the  &quot;older&quot;, original SW movies even though The Phantom Menace is  supposed to be set earlier in time (think of cars in the 1960's to the cars  today.)  Second, I am a little po'd that the DVD version of The Phantom  Menace is not being released with the VHS versions - the obvious reason is  to make more money - George Lucas: Your fans love SW, but that isn't a good  way to treat your fans - RELEASE THE ORIGINAL TRILOGY and The Phantom  Menace on DVD - Star Wars on DVD will surely be awsome - don't make your  loyal fans wait anymore...Ok, I've spoken my peace.
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool is a very good band, on other is like them. They have every thing alot of other bands don't. Heavy bass,Blaring Guitars, loud drumbs, and Maynard is a great singer. Then you listen to tool its a ride. Your mind  opens to sounds and Ideas you never heard before. The cd as a whole is  simply amazing. Tool are true artest of music. I would recomnd this to any  Metal/rock fan out there. They mix music flalessly. Truly the best cd I  have. I was really impressed with Tool. They are a dream come true for a  music fan like me. A great buy. It needs 10 stars
B000002KGT|5.0|There is no doubt that this album is a classic, there are so many great songs that rely are timeless. The painstaking hours of writing and recording this classic definately paid off for the Mac, it was as though it  was meant to happen with all the other stuff going on in their personal  lives, they put that aside and gave us an unforgettable album. The only  thing that has to happen now is that the record company need to re-issue it  digitally remastered.
0783230702|5.0|Bruce Willis's acting performance is outstanding. The DTS audio is superior. It's a movie that you will never forget.
B000002LFZ|4.0|This is a great cd all of fleetwood mac hits from 1975 to 1988, the only thing missing is the extended version of rhiannon, also it would be great if there record company digitally remastered this package that would be  excellent with no buts
B000035Z2L|5.0|Though this movie maybe a little much for those with weak stomachs, this is definately a classic.  One of the funniest movies I have seen of all time.  Planning on renting a movie Friday night?  Rent this!  It's well  worth it!  Just DO NOT watch this with your parents or else plan to be  embarrassed!
B00003CWPL|5.0|This is not a strange movie, if you watch it with that in mind you won't see it for what it is: a smart, funny, satyrical, complex, disturbing, and beautiful masterpiece. Lynch spent five years of his life on ERASERHEAD,  which might be why it is one of the greatest films in cinema history.
B0000027RL|4.0|I don't believe this is Pearl Jam's best...but it is a very nice addition to any CD Library. I am not a grunge rock fan myself, but this is as good as grunge gets (along with Nirvana and Soundgarden) and would defenetly  recommend it to a rock fan or grunge fan.  Also, &quot;Vs.&quot; is a very  good album as well.
B00001U0DP|1.0|I don't know what is more dismaying: the fraudulent film itself or the saccharine outpouring of praise that it so widely enjoys.  The rank kitsch of &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot; lies essentially in its basic mendacious  premise that perversely sentimental optimism can -- and, thus, should --  survive the soul-grinding, hope-crushing, and dehumanizing conditions of a  death camp.  Benigni has perpetrated an unconscionable whitewash.
630575067X|5.0|This movie was excellent; judged on it's own account.  Yes, there may be a character or two whom we do not like, but it is still &quot;Star Wars&quot; in all its glory.  It is refreshing to know that there is still hope for  the science fiction media realm.  A savior from all the &quot;monsters are  coming to kill us, and take over our world just because it is there&quot;  movies that we are constantly forced to swallow.  Thank you Mr. Lucas for  giving us worlds we would LIKE to visit, and even if Jar Jar is obnoxious,  I'm sure there are plenty of us out here that would love to go to the  Gungan city for a visit.  Beautiful special fx, and there is still a story  line, proof that it can be done, and is being done.  This will always have  a place in my video library.
0790729628|3.0|The DC is a good film. However it was not the version which achieved cult status and I doubt whether it would have achieved it if this version had been released first.<br />The DC is cold, sterile and one cannot help but  compare it to the original which was more involving ( in part due to the  voiceover ). I reckon that eveyone who has seen the DC has also seen the  orginal and subconsciously plays the voice over in their head  anyway....<br />Only thing I agree with is that the ending is better....
0786889284|5.0|I just finished reading this book &amp; the ending  was great. I think Ridley Pearson is one of the best authors out there. He rates with John Saul &amp; Dean Koontz. Books you cannot put down. He is  one of the best.  All of his books are page  turners. worth buying.
B000023VR6|5.0|If you got 15 dollars or 15 pounds in your pocket  and you don't know what to spend it on,i would advise you stongly to buy the new dre cd ,forget about your  jay z and dmx , dre' new album is 10 times better than these  guys albums.Every song is good, there are a lot of calaborations with other  artist like eminem, snoop and nate.Its the best album around so go out and  get it
B00000K3D4|5.0|i love &quot;LABYRINTH&quot;. if my house was on fire and i could go back and get one thing it would be &quot;LABYRINTH&quot; because it's a movie I can relate to.
0790740249|4.0|Sigourney Weaver gives a solid performance here but it's Harry Connick that steals the show.he palys his role very well.in fact it's Arguably his best Role ever.very creepy&amp;intense.
B000000993|5.0|The first full-length effort by progressive rockers Tool finds the band stepping away from the more primal nature of the \\"Opiate\\" EP in favor of a more fully fleshed out sound. Frontman Maynard James Keenan, in his signature tone, seems as displeased and disenfranchised as ever, as is evident on the hit single \\"Sober\\" where he begs \\"I just want to start this over.\\" Elsewhere, taboo lyrical topics -- usually dealing with subject matter hardly appropriate for an Amazon review -- is covered on \\"Prison Sex,\\" which hinges on a hooky riff by guitarist Adam Jones and original bassist Paul D'Amour. What sets Tool apart from the competition -- and where this album truly succeeds -- is their stunning ability to push heavy metal forward in a new direction without losing the visceral thrills it demands. Witness the intensity of \\"Crawl Away\\" or the slow-burning \\"Flood\\" which gives hints as to where they would go with their follow-up album. \\"Undertow\\" is a snapshot of a band still ironing out all of the wrinkles, and while they would ultimately outdo themselves with the release of \\"Ænima,\\" the album retains and justifies Tool's identity as rock's thinking man's band.
0380002930|5.0|I scroll down this page and I see mostly 4 and 5 star ratings. Good for those who like this book, I mean, I absoluely LOVED it! But then I see some 1 and 2 ratings, and I just have to look at these reviews. I don't see any  good reasons for not liking this book. All I see is, &quot;Why base a book  on rabbits?&quot;, &quot;Would be better with humans as main  characters&quot;, &quot;hard to understand&quot;, &quot;had to read it for  school&quot;. First of all, I though this was a spectacular book, and I  read it by myself, on my own, and I'm only in 7th grade! Second of all, it  didn't have to be hard to understand. There was a glossary in the back of  my book, and there were even footnotes! As for those who didn't understand  why this was just a story about rabbits- It's called IMAGINATION! What kind  of boring books would we have if each one was about humans and real life  and the same old stuff we deal with everyday? It would be terrible! And  writing this book from the points of view from rabbits was a very good  idea. It allowed readers to be able to see what it might be like to be in  the shoes (or paws) of someone else. To everyone who doesn't like this  book, you have to look deeper than the words! THIS IS A VERY GOOD BOOK!  (sorry about the errors in this review)
0792156684|1.0|To put it simply, the cinematography was great, but the acting, plot, and casting was pathetic.  Don't waste your time or money on this one.
B000000WG4|5.0|When I read Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings for the first time, I was 16. By then, I was listening a version of Mike Oldfield's &quot;Arrival&quot; and the original Tubular Bells  from an old cassette. Tubular Bells  intermingled its obscure, primeval and direct music with my impressions of  my island's primitive forests (laurelindrenan), to inevitabily amalgamate  the atmosphere of the Tolkien's tale. This caused, in my early obscure  imagination, the perfect &quot;soundtrack&quot; for what I was imaging  around the Tolkien characters and their epic voyage. This feeling have just  last to date. I have no way to know if Mr. Oldfield's imagination have been  actually influenced in any way by that history to write and perform that  music. Along with &quot;Ommadawn&quot;, and &quot;Hergest Ridge&quot;, I  composed the perfect soundtrack for what my imagination constructed on  LOTR. I do not need any real, virtually-animated movie. The world I did  create was infinitely more rich and bizarre. After that, I did not  associate so far Tubular Bells to &quot;The Exorcist&quot;, even after I  visualized it. Of course, this is just a matter of inner space and, of  course, there are not two equal minds attached to a timpani. Mike Oldfield  probably knows the Tenerife forests and the Mount Doom, the epic  translation from the Tolkien's tale to the Teide's volcano, to which he  dedicated the song &quot;Mount Teide&quot;.
B00000J7J4|5.0|this cd is just as good as cheese
6302732875|5.0|this film was very well written&amp;directed.the intensity is very powerful.Jack Lemon is solid but it's ALec Baldwin that steals the show here.a solid Cast all around the horn.
B00000JCOV|4.0|Wow.  That's the FIRST thing that came to my mind when I popped this disc into my CD player.  Contrary to what many will try to tell you, Slipknot is not nine guys in industrial jump suits and scary masks trying to be ANOTHER  rapcore band.<br />Sure, there are the synthesizers and the turntables, but  they are incorporated seamlessly into the general flow of the music: the  purpose they serve is to add to the hard hitting melodies and power that  Slipknot delivers.<br />Immediately after the inital track (which features an  eerie voice saying &quot;the whole thing I think is sick&quot; at varying  speeds)prepare to be assaulted by throbbing drums and crunchy distorted  guitar riffs.  And then the inevitable: Cory's howling, powerful vocals.   Man, this guy can YELL.  And he's damn good at it too.<br />After you listen  to this CD, you'll know why Fred Durst hates Slipknot: he's jealous because  Limp Bizkit can never achieve the power and rage that Slipknot does - this  stuff grabs you, slaps you upside the head and blows your mind.  The whole  CD is great, but &quot;Wait and Bleed&quot;, &quot;Eyeless&quot;,  &quot;Surfacing&quot; and &quot;Spit it Out&quot; really demonstrate what  this band's all about.  <br />Pick this disc up, pop it in your CD player,  open your ears and your mind and just LISTEN.  If you like heavy music,  fueled by angst and rage-driven guitar riffs and vocals, then you will  embrace SLIPKNOT.
B00000JL86|5.0|Artistically this is one of the finest animated feature films produced by Don Bluth.  Though  best known for his work in the &quot;American Tail&quot; movies, he is also responsible for &quot;The Secret of  NIMH.&quot;  This latest production shows what can be done when traditional  hand-drawn animation is combined with computer technology.  The result is  superb.  Outstanding animation matched with quality music and a reasonable  plot merge to form an entertaining movie for children and adults alike.   Sit back, grab some popcorn, and enjoy!<br />For the animation lovers out  there, watch for the details in the natural movements of the various  characters.<br />As for all the comparisons with Disney animation, I only ask  why?  The quality of Disney films varies greatly from film to film.  Bluth  has been far more consistent. Finally, the criticisms that this film isn't  historically accurate are moot.  Animated films rarely concern themselves  with accuracy.  Disney is one of the worst offenders.  Disney's insistance  on a happy ending comletely changed the story of &quot;The Little  Mermaid&quot; and &quot;Pocahontas&quot; but they're still entertaining  movies.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|It's not the best album of all time.  It's not the best album of the decade (either the 70's or 80's, depending on which country you're in - the LP was released in December '79 in the UK and January '80 in the US),  perhaps.  Heck, some punkers would even claim that it's not even the best  album The Clash ever released, instead choosing the speedy burst of  bile that was their debut.    Nevertheless, whenever somebody asks me to recommend an album that will change their musical world and broaden their  horizons, I don't even have to think twice before I pretty much beg them to  get this one.   Let me make this absolutely clear: if you don't have London  Calling already, run, do NOT walk to the nearest CD store, be it online or  real-world, and buy this.  If you don't have enough money, then sell a kidney.  It's really that good.  Even my 57-year old father loves it - now  THAT'S cross-generational appeal.  Don't be scared by the fact that The Clash are supposed to be a mean 'n' nasty \\"punk\\" combo; that was really only true for their first (and part of their second) album.    Because cripes!  Who would have thought that the same four guys  who did the sometimes faceless Give `Em Enough Rope could come up with  THIS?  With London Calling The Clash mysteriously mutated into the most  versatile band of their generation - this is no longer stereotypically \\"punk\\" music.  It's an amazingly well-produced (by infamous loon Guy Stevens, who also worked with Mott The Hoople) set of pop & punk & soul & reggae & rock & lounge & ska & whatever numbers that's easily one of the finest double albums ever made.  All this from an ostensibly simple \\"punk\\" band, no less.    And in truth, the key difference between this album and the ones  that preceded it is spiritual: no longer are they So Bored With The U.S.A.  Here The Clash acknowledge a fascination with American rock `n' roll and culture, from Elvis on up to poor Montgomery Clift, and it transforms them.   What remains unchanged, however, is their lyrical vision: London Calling is populated with junkies, gamblers, murderers, rude boys, punks, and outlaw  figures ranging from card cheats to Clift, all set on the horizon of impending nuclear war.  And yet this cast is sympathetic and integrated  into the basic humanity of The Clash's vision: for every knock they make on cocaine snorting suits (\\"Koka Kola\\") there's an expression of solidarity  with the underclass and their struggle for and against respectability  (\\"Rudie Can't Fail,\\" \\"Death And Glory\\").   Their lyrics have never been  more mature or subtle, either.  Is \\"Clampdown\\" a polemic against the rise  of neo-Fascism in England?  Or a parable of the inevitable soul-crushing  plight of the factory worker?  Or are they both \\"working for the clampdown\\"  in the end?  Similarly, \\"Death Or Glory,\\" while musically one of the  simplest three-chord rockers on the album (and one of the best they ever  did, mind you), sends two contradictory messages: is \\"death or glory/just  another story?\\"  Then why do Strummer and Jones insist at the end that  they're \\"going to run a long time, going to fight forever, fight till you  lose?\\"    Ah, forget it.  Love the album for its music, which is as  uplifting as any I've ever encountered.  I mean, \\"London Calling\\" isn't the happiest song ever written, and  Simonon's \\"The Guns Of Brixton,\\" is similarly take-no-prisoners, but otherwise this album is a musical celebration, whether it's lyrically dejected but  musically happy \\"Train In Vain\\" or the sadly upbeat \\"Lost In The Supermarket.\\"  Or the impressionistic masterpiece \\"Spanish Bombs,\\" written about the romanticization of the Spanish Civil War of all things. (How's THAT for creative songwriting inspiration?) And nothing so encapsulates rock's potential to lift us up out of our doldrums as the survivor's shout of triumph which is \\"I'm Not Down.\\"      There are a couple of throwaways on this album (the minor-key \\"Jimmy Jazz,\\" the Stagger Lee update of \\"Wrong 'Em Boyo,\\" the preachiness of \\"Lover's Rock\\") but such is the quality of even these minor pieces that they mesh seamlessly with the whole, creating nothing less than one of truly indispensable albums of the last 40 years.  As I said, it's not the best  album of all time, but it certainly ranks with the heavyweights.  I have no qualms about placing London Calling among the company of the best of The  Beatles, Stones, Dylan, and the Who.  And neither should you.
0800141601|5.0|The uniqueness of this film is what makes it so brilliant. King Arthur (Sean Connery) in his older years, looks forward to peace and easier days. And his life long dream is about to come true. Marriage to the lovely Lady  Guinevere (Julia Ormand) of Leonese. But the power hungery evil ex-knight  of the round table Malagant  (Ben Cross) wishes to rule Camelot and  shatters the Kings dreams of peace. He attacks the people of Leonese and  burns their homes and kills their people. Lady Guinevere travels to Camelot  to be wed to King Arthur and is ambushed by Malagant's men. She escapes  into the woods where she is saved by Lancelot (Richard Gere). Who falls in  love with Lady Guinevere and swears to win her heart. King Arthur gives his  Lady a magnificent welcome and as they top the hill overlooking Camelot the  view is breathtaking. Lancelot wins the heart of King Arthur through his  fearless run through the legendary gauntlet. And is asked to stay in  Camelot. This movie is full of adventure and was a refreshing addition to  the legends of King Arthur. I loved Richard Gere as Sir Lancelot, he did a  great job as a swordsman and knight. I bought the DVD version of this  movie. I loved it...great movie!
0783204914|2.0|I have dug Al Pacino for a long time but he has made a lot of clunkers over the past decade and this falls into that pile.he shouldn't have won over Denzel for this Performance period.this film is pretty flat.and as far  as playing a blind role check out Gene Wilder in see no evil hear no  evil.far more convincing than Pacino.as for Chris O'Donnell he should be  working at a Hot Dog stand somewhere.he can't act at all.
B00002Z88D|5.0|The CD collection at my house numbers in the hundreds, and this is certainly one of the best out of the bunch. Metallica is famous for their hard-rock style, and the addition of the symphony only serves to enhance  the music. I think it sounds great, and I prefer most of the song versions  on this recording over the orignals. A must-have for any Metallica fan.
B00000JGOH|3.0|The sound quality of the movie was terrific as was the photography and the costumes.  The acting, especially of Gwyneth Paltrow and Joseph Fiennes was top notch.  The fast pace and the premise were great.  Where this movie  really falls apart is in the lacklustre script.  What could have been so  funny simply isn't.  I bought the video hoping to find a really  entertaining and comical romp.  Instead, I found something to put me to  sleep at night.  A shame.
B00004BZ0V|2.0|Well I just love The Clash to death, but I have to be honest: there is absolutely no reason for The Singles to exist.  It's a compilation, and an honest one (in that it is exactly what it purports to be: a collection of  the A-sides of Clash singles and nothing more, nothing less), but a  meaningless one.  <br />Because, quite simply, the WORST way to get acquainted  with The Clash is through their singles.  This is not to say that their  singles were bad (though some, like &quot;Remote Control&quot; and  &quot;Hitsville U.K.&quot; are pretty darn weak); in fact, some of their  most memorable songs, like &quot;White Riot,&quot; &quot;(White Man) In  Hammersmith Palais,&quot; &quot;London Calling,&quot; and &quot;Train In  Vain&quot; were singles.  But SO much of their best work is NOT here,  simply because it didn't make it out on the topside of a 45.  To the extent  that a large preponderance of their finest music didn't come out on singles  The Clash were an ALBUM act, unlike say the early Who.  So what this CD  gives you is a wholly unsatisfying and incomplete view of the greatness of  this band.  <br />As an alternative I'd recommend one of two options: if you  (like me) dislike compilations as a rule, go buy their debut and London  Calling, both of which are considered absolute classics, and if you like  what you see, explore further.  If you're a casual fan, go get The Story Of  The Clash, which in its remastered form shouldn't be that much more  expensive than this disc; it's also a bit incomplete (and sequenced oddly)  but it provides a much more well-rounded view of The Clash.
0920668372|5.0|This book has meant more to me than all others. I am 16 years old and yesterday I was in class and my teacher was talking to us about our first reading experiences in life. I instantly thought of this book and my eyes  became a little misty. It has been SO long since I thought of it! I think  every child  should grow up with this book. Every year when you look back  on this book you will find a deeper meaning within it. When I was young (3  or 4) I admired the funny illustrations and recited the poem every second.  I also thought the ending was happy. But now, as I go over the book 12  years later I realise how sweet it is! I never realised the message of the  book. It's a wonderful book, definetly, and I think all parents should bye  it for their chilren AND for themselves. If you are a mother I'm sure it  will touch very close to your heart. It's incredibly sweet. I love it!
B000007OY0|5.0|The Shawshank Redemption is a great film.Unlike the usual buddy,buddy films that have The White Guy&amp;Black Guy as total opposites and then makes them friends at the end this film touches the core early.and reflects  both Tim Robbins&amp;Morgan Freemans roles very well.the pacing of this  film was done really well.this film was well directed&amp;written.it's a  must see.it shows Life in Prison and the daily grind.very  cleaver&amp;detailed film.
B00000JCB2|5.0|You people dont know what your saying.Limp Bizkit re-defines Hardkore Metal and Rap mixed.Anyone who likes Hard Rock and a little Rap mixed you will definitly want this one on THE TOP of your list.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I first saw this masterpiece at a small theater which was 30 miles from my house.  It was well worth the drive.  This film keep captivated and kept me interested for the duration.  It's no wonder that this smashed box office  records in Japan!  The animation is spectular, the plot is fantastic, and  even the dubbing (which I am usually against) was great!  I highly recommed  this film to anyone.  Don't let the fact that it's animated prevent you  from watching it.  I just wish that this DVD had a Japanese track (with or  without subtitles).
B000002ACR|5.0|Of all the classic 60's rock groups, The Byrds are the ones that never seem to get their due these days - representative of their artistic shortchange was a recent VH1 poll (not to impute too much credibility to that) ranking them 95 out of 100 in them most important  performers of the rock era.      Why such lack of respect?  Well they underwent more personnel changes than any of the classic bands of the era, which led to a fundamental shift in their sound at least three times, and they also lingered around long enough to release a few albums that were truly substandard.  (Yes, I own Byrdmaniax, but I'm going to sit here and pretend that you need to as well.) Furthermore, they never lived down the incredible (and  to a certain extent deserved) derision which resident paranoid kook David  Crosby received from everyone who wasn't a hippie.  Finally, perhaps they  never beat their early rap (which had taken shape as early as 1965) that  all they did was reinterpret Dylan songs and standards, while plunking out  mediocre originals.      Nevertheless, in an objective, value-free analysis,  it's impossible to label The Byrds as anything but THE most revolutionary  American band of the Sixties.  (And that's BAND, not artist, as of course  the loner Dylan tops everyone else by a country mile.)  From my point of  view, they were the originators of at least three major revolutions, that  of folk-rock begun by the Mr. Tambourine Man single and album (remember,  the single predated Dylan's version on Bringing It All Back Home by several  months), psychedelia started with Fifth Dimension in early 1966 (prior to  Revolver, mind you), and of course country rock with the (overrated)  Sweetheart Of The Rodeo.    This album, Younger Than Yesterday, isn't really  revolutionary at all - it falls in the middle phase of the psychedelia  period, the ripe year of 1967 - but it really is The Byrds' finest moment,  moreso now that Columbia/Legacy have done a wonderful job (as with all theByrds' albums) in reissuing it with bonus tracks, improved sound, and liner  notes.    First of all, it completely lays waste to the theory that The  Byrds were really only at their best when nicking from Dylan - while  \\"My Back Pages\\" is an absolutely glorious moment in the band's recorded output (it may condense some of Dylan lyrics, but it's a brilliant and radiant reinterpretation, indeed among the finest covers essayed by anyone thus far in rock history), the real triumphs are in group songwriting.  The opening track is the irresistably snide \\"So You  Want To Be A Rock 'N' Roll Star,\\" their last real hit single and a  nicely cynical evaluation of the star-making process, and yet the album  only improves from there with Chris Hillman's storming \\"Have You Seen  Her Face\\" and \\"C.T.A.-102,\\" a happy novelty song which  actually works more than once.      Also, Crosby, for all his annoying  behavior onstage at this time (he was prone to stopping the band in mid-song to deliver rants about how the CIA was drugging his water and such, as seen at  the Monterey Festival) comes through with some wonderful music, like the  ethereally moody \\"Renaissance Fair\\" and the absolutely seductive  torch-song \\"Everybody's Been Burned.\\"  Nevertheless, he does  deliver the only clunker on the album, the self-indulgent \\"Mind  Gardens\\" (which frankly I don't mind all that much, but everyone else  seems to hate - I do think the Hamlet quote is unbearably pretentious,  though).     That aside, this album is wonderfully consistent: tuneful,  melodic, played with expert grace (especially Chris Hillman's ever-growing  skills with the bass) and executed expertly.  Furthermore, the reissue has  the bonus of including \\"Lady Friend,\\" a post-album single which  is, without exaggeration, the single best thing The Byrds EVER did.  I  suppose that's personal taste, but nothing so perfectly summarizes the  summery rapture of The Byrds' jangle-pop during their golden age as this  ecstatic explosion ofhorns, harmonies, and happiness.  If someone asked me  to give a 2 1/2-minute description of pure, unbridled joy, I'd just play  \\"Lady Friend.\\"  It alone justifies this CD.  Go get it and revel  in its pleasures, the pleasures of The Byrds at their most dizzyingly  aerial height.
6301647734|4.0|Harvey is a lighthearted comedy that should be wathced by all. The feeling you are left with is priceless.If you dont want to shake the hand of every person you meet on the street after viewing it you have no heart. It is a  must for ever audience.
6304068441|5.0|Tim Robbins does a fantastic job directing this film.also Susan Sarandon does a great job.but it's Sean Penn who takes this movie to another Level.it dealt with so many elements despite the tragedy involved here.a  must see.very well done&amp;Powerful.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Every New Hard Metal band sounds the same.Rock/Rap mix brings new meaning to music.Such as Limp Bizkit and Korn.The newest band to continue the trend is SliPknOt.Amazing sounds with fast,hard lyrics that delievers a &quot;New  Age&quot; in music sounds.Slipknot is new,Slipknot is sweet,and the bottom  line is Slipknot kicks some serious ***
B00000JPH5|5.0|Labyrinth is one of the most awsome movie I have ever seen in my life. It was shocking and exciting at the same time. I really love comedy and adventure movies. This just happins to be one of them. Really give it 5  stars.
B000020617|4.0|The latest CD by the Foo Fighters is well rounded. For those who have only heard the smash hit &quot;learn to fly,&quot; beware that there are some louder tracks, but there are softer more melodic ones as well such as  aurora.  Most of the tracks are of high-quality and all Foo Fighters fans  should like this one as well as many others.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|The Battle of L.A is great.  period.  Zack's voice is poignant, Tom's guitar screams. Timmy's bass rox and Brad lays down some great beats.  But the music is deeper then just that.  Not only is RATM a talented band (Tom  Morello- '96 guitarist of the year by guitar world) they're also one of the  few bands still out there with a message.  not of drugs or sex but of  liberation and more.  the album will open up your eyes.
6302779278|1.0|this film is PURPLE RAIN LITE.the story Line is as bad as the music here.i don't know what's more overated the film or the soundtrack? it's about a tie for such Lameness.Whitney can't Act.Kevin Costner is just going thru  the motions.no Chemistry.Whitney is Nice Looking&amp;kevin Costner is  suppose to be a Leading Man why No real ROmance? was WHitneys Skin a Little  too DARK? that alone would have made this film at least half way  believable.but instead we get VIdeos called a Movie.Prince did that already  with Purple Rain.this is the Lite version of that.and it's not Good.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This album is awsome! I have 3 Dollar Bill Yall'$, and that wuz Da' Bomb. Significant Other is awsome. All the songs have that hard rock tune, that makes it kill!
B00000J7JO|5.0|This CD is solid as a rock.  It is great to listen to no matter what kind of a mood you are in.  It intelligently combines songs with various beats, vocals, and instrumentals.  The lyrics are also very good.  This is a  well-thought-out CD, and it seems as though a great deal of effort was put  into it.  It will appeal to many people. If you like any/all the hit  singles &quot;scartissue&quot;, &quot;around the world&quot;, and  &quot;otherside&quot;, you will find a purchase very worthwhile.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Limp Bizkit is another sad example of corporate rock.  Their debut album was ok with enough variation to keep you interested but in Nookie, what u hear in the 1st song is what you get.  If you need some rock/rap, go buy a  rage against the machine album.
6302881005|1.0|where's the story? Demi Moore&amp;Woody Harrelson can't act and Robert Redford is wooden in this film.this is a film that came out in the wrong deacde.it would have been better in the 80's.Maybe this film will make a  Question on how to be a Millionare on Regis? as a bad Joke.
6301247485|4.0|I just finished watching this movie in eleventh-grade English class.  We also read the book (one of the best I've read; highly recommended).  On one hand, the movie was exceptionally faithful to the book, could claim some  good performances, was visually stunning, and had some great moments.  On  the other hand, it had some dismal performances and dragged at points.<br />I  was surprised to see Sam Waterston as Nick.  I can only describe him as  excellent.  He was the perfect choice for Nick, and brought through every  emotion right on the mark.  Equally impressive was Robert Redford as  Gatsby.  Oddly enough, I've never seen a movie of his before, but I surely  will now.  He gave a marvelous, valiant performance that could evoke  sympathy from even the most heartless person.  I'd never seen a Mia Farrow  movie either, but my friend is a big fan of &quot;Rosemary's Baby&quot; (I  tell her it's because she, too, is hellspawn) but I disliked her portrayal  of Daisy from the start.  I found that I came to hate it more and more as  the film went on.  I'm guessing she saw the character as one-dimensional,  because she gave the most shrill performance I've ever seen.  (For another  shrill mockery of a classic character, see Winona Ryder's annoying Abigail  in 1998's &quot;The Crucible.&quot;)  She emphasizes the flighty bimbo that  Daisy lets everyone see, but completely left out the sensible and  vulnerable woman inside, leaving one to wonder if actress Katherine Helmond  based her performance as Jessica Tate (&quot;Soap&quot;) on Farrow's Daisy.   I was one in a large crowd that thought Bruce Dern was insanely miscast as  Tom.  He doesn't fit the book's description at all(watch how it seems odd  for Daisy to call him &quot;brute&quot; in the dinner scene), instead  looking like a seedy used-car salesman who happened to hit it big.  (If  you've ever read the book &quot;Matilda,&quot; he's the spitting image of  the father!)  Nonetheless, he is, at the very least, good inthe role.   Lois Chiles is enjoyable as the sizzling Jordan, although the movie's  Jordan differs from the book's.  (The book gave me the distinct mental  image of the nasal, society-licking Gloria in 1974's &quot;Mame.&quot;)   Karen Black leaves something to be desired as Myrtle, but Scott Wilson is  one of the cast's best as her husband George.  He becomes almost terrifying  toward the end as his character grows more and more desperate.  (Check it  out when he suddenly appears at the Buchanan breakfast table near the end.   He just seems to materialize there, like Jason or something.  Hilarious!)   Roberts Blossom (Old Man Marley in &quot;Home Alone&quot; to people my age)  is on par with Waterston, Wilson, and Redford in his short appearance as  Mr. Gatz, Gatsby's father.  Watch for his best moment, the heartbreaking  funeral scene in which he recites his the schedule his son lived by as a  child.  <br />The movie itself is good, but not great.  It seems like  something intangible is missing.  It's hard to describe.  (The one I can  note is the important dinner scene near the beginning, which is far shorter  than in the novel.)  But there were two scenes in particular that really  hit the spot.  The pivotal hotel room scene (or, as it became famously  known at school, &quot;Chapter 7,&quot; where &quot;everything blew  up&quot;), with tempers running high and alliances changing rapidly, was  film making at its best.  Also, this scene is probably Farrow and Dern's  best in the movie.  It pulls off the tense, explosive mood without a hitch.   The other was the scene near the end where George shot Gatsby.  If you  know what's going to happen, you can take the time to note how the mood for  this one scene is being set up as early as two or three scenes before it,  slowly building.  The long shots of Gatsby floating in the pool on the air  mattress, the way he kept turning and calling Daisy's name, the &quot;calm  before the storm&quot; air that the whole thing gaveoff...I watched  thinking, &quot;this is brilliant.&quot;  And when this peaks, you'll find  yourself several minutes later, still sitting there with your mouth open.   <br />I keep hearing about the beautiful, Oscar-winning score by the great  Nelson Riddle that is for some reason replaced on the video.  I don't know  why it's not there, but I'm sure it was good.  The costumes also won an  Oscar.  <br />Everyone should read the book, especially if you see the movie,  this way you can get what's missing.  (I hear a TV-movie version, with Mira  Sorvino as Daisy--hopefully she'll do it justice--is in post-production for  broadcast this year.)  And, misses aside, this is a movie that deserves to  be seen.
B00000294R|5.0|Big L is generous, he knows how to do punk rock. my name is colin leeds and i live at 22 wilkeshire blvd in randolph nj, the zip code is 07869  BIG L,REST IN PEACE!
B000001Y42|1.0|Upon hearing this album, I was amazed at how unoriginal it is. The songs are all structured basically the same way, his vocals are very predictable, and the lyrics are cliche'. Plus, their' guitar player plays a seven string  Ibanez. HA! If that isn't a blatant ripoff from Korn I don't know what is.  These guys are a bunch of rock stars!If you are partial to the music on  MTV, then you would probably enjoy this, but if you aren't, this is a waste  of time and money. If you are searching for originality, this is the wrong  genre of music.
0767819462|4.0|This movie is wonderfull. It is sad it is funny but most of all it is touching. I love evrey min... Of this film. This is a must see.
3551551677|5.0|I read this in German before reading it in English.  It's a lot of fun in both languages.  In fact, it's great for improving one's skills in another tongue, because it's so enjoyable, you'll keep on reading.  Taught me a lot  of words that my German teachers never bothered with.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Just bought &quot;Californication&quot; this afternoon, based on the online reviews and the few songs I'd heard on the radio (The tremendous &quot;Otherside&quot; really made the decision for me.) Turns out the whole  disc is jam-packed with great music, ranging from beautiful ballads to  just-plain-angry rock with the Red Hots' signature guitar hooks and Anthony  Kiedis' unparalleled vocals. This could be their most consistently  excellent album to date.
B00002EPJH|2.0|This was a big disappointment. It reminded me of his live (unrecorded) concerts where the muse of improvisation decides to take the night off, and Jarrett turns on the autopilot. It's pretty enough, but it was like  watching Gary Oldman play a nice old guy.
B0000019HU|5.0|&quot;Spiderland&quot; was a belated birthday gift I received from a close friend of mine.  She told me that it touched her life and that it was a classic.  That evening I took her advice and I listened to it.  The CD  hasn't left my stereo since!  I was instantly drawn to the beautiful lyrics  and music.  Track 4 brings tears to my eyes!  This album will change your  life and how you perceive music.
B000001FCB|2.0|I'm sorry, but I must disagree with all of the previous reviewers. When I look for latin jazz, I expect something that has at least a little swing and groove to it. While I am not intending to disparage Elis Regina and I  am a fan of Jobim, this album, with a few exceptions, is a bunch of sad  songs sung in portugese. It is not at all what I was expecting. Be warned  that it is NOT in the vein of the Sinatra/Jobim albums, the Getz/Jobim  albums, etc... Some may welcome the lack of orchestral accompaniments - for  me, this was a disappointment. My feeling is that while Elis has a nice,  vulnerable sounding voice, it is too thin to carry the effort by itself,  which it seems to be expected to do based on these arrangements. Sorry,  gang, don't shoot me - just my opinion.
B00003CWPR|4.0|EYES WIDE SHUT is one of the more recent interesting films I've seen.  Much of the pre-publicity was focused primarily on its sexual content.  I didn't find much sex in it, nor did I find the film particularly sexy.  As  a whole, I found the film rather dream-like, with strict avoidance of the  usual cliches of dreams in films; and it wasn't necessarily about sex,  sexual desire, infidelity or death, even though those elements play a part  in the story. I think the film is about dreams and the unconscious, and the  collision of dreams and reality.<br />The whole enterprise is extremely  controlled, as is typical of its director.  The acting, cinematography, set  design, music - everything is molded to the total vision.  <br />If you're  expecting a typical Hollywood picture, this isn't the one for you.  It's a  Kubrick film.  The pace is slow and deliberate, and the story is told in  pictures, not dialog (what dialog there is is intentionally banal).  As in  a dream, the film has a logic of its own.  If you clear your mind of  expectations and just follow the course of the film, letting in the images  and colors, you might be rewarded.<br />An unusual film.<br />The DVD looks good.   Unfortunately, there is no option to view the infamous, x-rated 'orgy'  scene as was originally intended by Kubrick.
B000021XS0|5.0|In this excelent excellent work the dream theater musicians show once more that they are one of the most creative and disconcerting band of the progressive rock time. Listening this cd we can imagine how frank zappa  would think about afterlife... There's no doubt about their musical  competence and power of the expression in each instrument. I'm sure that  all moviments about this CD take us into another land of fantasy and doubts  about ours everynight dreams... In this rare case we can &quot;SEE THE  WAVESOUNDS&quot; behind each scene and we imagine so many beautiful and  painful stories. We must to thank Dream Theater for this Brilliant Music.
B000002L75|5.0|David Gahan turns in a monstrous vocal performance and everywhere your ears turn, they hear stuff that never appeared on a pop record before and then you'd better not be reading a Rolling Stone article about some kids  who stabbed their friend in the woods while you're listening to  &quot;Stories of Old,&quot; like I did, and not be able to listen to that  song for three years without goosebumps rippling your skin and you thinking  that Martin Gore might just have made a deal with Satan, or, at least,  Ronald Reagan in order to come up with such a harrowing melody. And, again,  Mr. Gahan just condemns you to eternal cold spots with his singing on this  ecstasical (is that a word?) dirge. &quot;Blasphemous Rumors&quot; still  makes me tell everyone, including the voices in my head, to shut up and  listen. Dance in shame!
0553208845|5.0|(Sorry if this review is more about how the book changed my life than about the book itself.<br />I read this book during my senior year of high school, a time of depression and self-loathing because of the academic  pressure and the time-consuming duty of being a editor-in-chielf of  yearbook.  From this book I learned about suffering and reality, that  people either endure their unbearable situation or leave and create a  better one.  Well I did what Siddhartha has to end suffering: I dropped out  of AP Chemistry and enrolled enrolled in a writing class and a social  science class, classes that I wanted to be in in first place.  Siddhartha  starts his journey by leaving home. For me, to a lesser degree than  Siddhartha, it was difficult to tell my chemistry teacher that I am not  going to be in his class next term.  Since I had dropped the class, I had a  new look on life; my spirit was up, my heart beated normally again. It was  as if a big, black cloud was lifted over me and I could look up and see the  sky so clear and bright.  The book's influence did not end there.  Looking  in my life I saw what I have wasted my time pursuing unessential things.  Ever since I have returned to religion (which I had neglected for years),  avoided eating meat (I'm not a complete vegetarian since I eat meat once or  twice a week), I have accepted myself as who I am, I have become less  materialistic (I refused to the mall when my parents ask me if I want to  go).  This is most favorite book.<br />My teacher said to me that I should  read this book again after college and after any major turning points in my  life because the book gives you a new perspective on life.<br />I do not claim  that after reading this book people will have a life changing epiphany or  go vegetarian, just that this book make you think about growing up and how  you had to leave situations which caused you suffering--about your reality.  The truth about reality is that you create your own reality.
B00003CWPR|4.0|EYES WIDE SHUT is one of the more recent interesting films I've seen.  Much of the pre-publicity was focused primarily on its sexual content.  I didn't find much sex in it, nor did I find the film particularly sexy.  As  a whole, I found the film rather dream-like, with strict avoidance of the  usual cliches of dreams in films; and it wasn't necessarily about sex,  sexual desire, infidelity or death, even though those elements play a part  in the story. I think the film is about dreams and the unconscious, and the  collision of dreams and reality.<br />The whole enterprise is extremely  controlled, as is typical of its director.  The acting, cinematography, set  design, music - everything is molded to the total vision.  <br />If you're  expecting a typical Hollywood picture, this isn't the one for you.  It's a  Kubrick film.  The pace is slow and deliberate, and the story is told in  pictures, not dialog (what dialog there is is intentionally banal).  As in  a dream, the film has a logic of its own.  If you clear your mind of  expectations and just follow the course of the film, letting in the images  and colors, you might be rewarded.<br />An unusual film.<br />The DVD looks good.   Unfortunately, there is no option to view the infamous, x-rated 'orgy'  scene as was originally intended by Kubrick.
0671042858|3.0|When I read this book. Its remind me of other Stephen King books, titled Geralds Game. There a lot of vivid nightmare, unseen terror, and flashback.The ending is not so good. The &quot;monster&quot; is just a BEAR!  Final word, this book more like an adventure genre than a suspense.
6303255132|5.0|This is a REALLY good movie. Though some people might critisize it as unrealistic for it's a hooker hooks up with a civvi guy, it's TOTALLY great
0783225970|1.0|I'm sorry, but I saw this film in the theatre and couldn't get by all the swearing. No character could get through a single sentence without saying the f word.  Bad language in films was common, but not to this degree. I  think this film was a breakthrough and led Hollywood to think cussing is  essential. It is not! I don't go to theatres any more and I avoid modern  movies so as to miss this assault on my ears. It's no wonder young people  talk in this manner in ordinary speech. They use the f word in every  sentence no matter who's within listening distance.  A sad commentary on  the decline of morals. As for the movie, I found it boring, too long and  the ending was absurd.
B000002UB3|3.0|The entire album has many ideas, but unfortunately they don't do them well enough. It seems that The Beatles went into the studio to make so kind of pop, concept, joke artistic statement and came out with an album that  doesn't work as well as it should. There are some highlights though, Come  Together is superb, She Came In Through The Bathroom Window works well and  so does the jokey Carry That Weight. But thats part of the problem, songs  like Polytheme Pam, Her Majesty and indeed Carry That Weight, just come  across as joke songs. Also, how they have tried to make all the second side  to combine and flow from one song to the next is poorly executed. In a  sentence, try harder! By the way, if people believe the bealtes were the  best band of the 60's, look at The Velvet Underground, Captain Beefheart  and then say it.
B00000JPH5|5.0|This movie was the first &quot;favorite movie&quot; I ever had, and it still is. David Bowie's character is so multi-leveled that I spent months just trying to figure him out! Hoggle is a great sidekick of sorts, and  seeing Sarah grow throughout the movie is such a treat. The music rocks,  the puppetry is wonderful, and the special effects couldn't be better (for  the 80's). It has all the comedy, depth, and mysticism that a great fantasy  should have. And it is a great fantasy.
B000002HPV|4.0|This album is one of Bjork's best out of the 3 that she's put out...Eventhough I wish it had more of a dance-techno feel to it, it still gets you inspired and stuck to this album. My favorite tracks are Hunter,  Joga, Bachlorette, Alarm Call, and Pluto &lt;i think Pluto is the most  eccentric song i've ever heard : ) &gt;  Pick this one up!
0440219078|5.0|This book left me with complete awe. It pulled me in so deep I might as well have been the main character, Jonas. I have purchased this book 3 times now, because each copy became so worn down from me reading it so much  and having all my friends read it. I finally purchased the hardcover  edition, and I intend to keep it in good condition so that my kids may  enjoy this book someday. I've read this book over 10 times now and I enjoy  it every time, if you buy this book, you are sure to love it.
B000002BYB|5.0|I'm a 15 year old guitar player from california and when I got this CD for Christmas it simply blew me away. When Stevie came out and did &quot;Scuttle Buttin'&quot; it made me freak out becaus it just sounds impossible and you can really feel the music behind him. SRV goes off on  some of the best blues sounds I've heard in a long time, with &quot;Dirty  Pool&quot; and &quot;Cold Shot&quot; having a big impact on the CD's  greatness, it is the best CD I've ever owned.
B000002MZ9|5.0|Unbelievable album.  Its starts off in high gear and never looks back.  The energy level on this album is about as high as I have ever heard!  This album is one of the few off the cuff &quot;jam session&quot; style albums  that really works, McCartney's &quot;Run Devil Run&quot; being another.   Its raw, edgy, and relentless.  It has all the feel of a live jam: missed  riffs, false starts, but darn it, it works, and it rocks!   Definitely a  good starting point for new Neil Young fans.  Check out  &quot;Downtown&quot; on the sample, and if that doesnt get you moving, then  you better check your pulse.
6305609691|5.0|Having made films in hollywood for over 12 years I can with reasonable confidence  make commentary on a brilliant film. First of all Joseph Conrad's novel of ivory trade morphed into our national war of shame abroad  was made with the utmost insanity. I have worked with the special effects  men (i cant say their name without permission)who created the most dramatic  explosion on film EVER. This is not a war movie as much as it is the the  filmic representation of madness defining insanity and finding that  insanity was regarded as unsound if the Army didn't approve it. Thats the  maddening part. Now with the crazy sub-plot aside, the visual recording of  each scene which flows without a seam from one insane act of retribution  against an unseen enemy and the enemy within, Apocalypse Now will stun your  eyes with the proper aspect ratio (DVD/Anamorphic)cinematography at its  absolute unequal.Martin Sheen and Marlon Brando gave their soul to this  film. If you need more information, just find the film Mrs. Coppolla made  during the filmming itself. Never get off the boat. Absolutely G....mned  right...unless youre' going all the way. The metaphor of this story and the  way it was made represent the duality of good and evil and how crossing the  bridge, or getting off the boat take you into insanity. Insanity that is  not recognized as regulation madness. Just grab a bottle of JD (or what  ever you drink) and a pack of smokes and enjoy this one alone....its meant  to be that way.  Special recommendation: learn to love &quot;those little  black bars on the screen&quot; they show you the whole picture...the way it  was intended to be seen. Get a book called &quot;HOW TO READ A FILM&quot;  BY James Monaco...this will explain anamorphic camera psychology and why  the 133:1 TV ratio ruins the deeper parts of films transfered to video  format. so long and ENJOY the TRIP.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I don't want to say that fight club chnged my life but it did, by helping me put into words what i've felt for years.We are all clones,Tyler shows us this.We buy what the TV tells us,we wear what everyone is wearing,we act a  certain way because we are conditioned to act this way.Just think about  that,let it sink in and re-examine your actions and what really causes you  to do things you do.                                                 This  just scratches the surface of what Fight Club is about.When I sat down to  watch this movie I was expecting the Ultimate Fighting Championhip because  of title,the whole movie contains about 10 minutes of fighting.Contrary to  some critics the violence in the film was not meaningless,this was the most  justifiable violence i've seen on film.                                                David Fincher directed this film perfectly.His use of camera  angles,shaking the camera,and blurred shots fit so well with the tone of  the film.Brad Pitt was an excellent choice for the role of Tyler Durden the  man who makes and sells soap for a living,but is extremely complex.This is  Pitt at his best.Edward Norton plays a run down white collar worker who is  not happy with his job,his looks,his whole life, and no matter what IKEA  furniture set or how much DKNY clothing he buys he still feels  incomplete,sound familar?                                            Fight  club is the most well made movie i've ever seen.In addition to that it is  the most insightful movie I know of.It tackles issues other movies don't  have the guts to.You may hear someone say they didn't enjoy this film,watch  it for yourself.These people fall into two categories,those who could not  understand the film because of tunnel vision,and those who are afraid to  admit what they may have become.
6305609691|5.0|Having made films in hollywood for over 12 years I can with reasonable confidence  make commentary on a brilliant film. First of all Joseph Conrad's novel of ivory trade morphed into our national war of shame abroad  was made with the utmost insanity. I have worked with the special effects  men (i cant say their name without permission)who created the most dramatic  explosion on film EVER. This is not a war movie as much as it is the the  filmic representation of madness defining insanity and finding that  insanity was regarded as unsound if the Army didn't approve it. Thats the  maddening part. Now with the crazy sub-plot aside, the visual recording of  each scene which flows without a seam from one insane act of retribution  against an unseen enemy and the enemy within, Apocalypse Now will stun your  eyes with the proper aspect ratio (DVD/Anamorphic)cinematography at its  absolute unequal.Martin Sheen and Marlon Brando gave their soul to this  film. If you need more information, just find the film Mrs. Coppolla made  during the filmming itself. Never get off the boat. Absolutely G....mned  right...unless youre' going all the way. The metaphor of this story and the  way it was made represent the duality of good and evil and how crossing the  bridge, or getting off the boat take you into insanity. Insanity that is  not recognized as regulation madness. Just grab a bottle of JD (or what  ever you drink) and a pack of smokes and enjoy this one alone....its meant  to be that way.
6305657947|4.0|You can't go into this movie expecting a James Bond like movie, because you'll be disappointed.  If you can refrain from doing such, this is a spectacular movie that keeps you guessing until the end.<br />One look at the  plot and it sounds quite boring.  But Brosnan and Russo make a terrific  pair and produce a fantastic movie.  <br />The DVD doesn't have many special  features, and I recommend renting it before buying it. But, if you ask me  -- you'll end up buying it!
B000001DVD|4.0|People think I'm absolutely nuts when I express the opinion that &quot;High 'N' Dry&quot; is a much better album than &quot;Pyromania&quot;.  Don't get me wrong--I like &quot;Pyromania&quot;.  I LOVE &quot;High 'N'  Dry&quot;.  Leppard just totally rocks out on this one, and there's some  sorely underrated gems on here, notably &quot;Another Hit 'N' Run&quot; and  &quot;Lady Strange.&quot;  Still play the hell out of it at home, and  together with &quot;Hysteria&quot; are my two Leppard must-haves.   &quot;Saturday/I feel right/I've been drinking all day&quot;--how can you  not love that!
B00000JCB2|5.0|Contrarry to some peoples opinions, I think Significant Other is better than 3 dollar. On this cd there are no album fill-ups or bad songs. I have many favorites including Nookie, Break Stuff and N 2 gether now. Its  definitley worth the thirteen dollars.GET IT TODAY!
B000001DV2|3.0|Rick Savage said in a interview that a lot of these songs were &quot;Hysteria&quot; leftovers.  Couldn't have said it better myself, Sav!  Sonically, it's perfect, but the same ground was covered much better in  &quot;Hysteria&quot;.  It's still a fun album to listen to, though.  Let's  get rocked!
B00000J7J4|5.0|Ok, lets first start off by saying that I had heard this album on it's release date, but after the Grammys, some of the stupid remarks that people have been posting have prompted my review of this album.  Here it is,  unbiased and probably the most truthful review here.  First, don't believe  that Santana sold out the &quot;Baby Boomer&quot; generation by having so  many guest artists today that are relevent in their own genres.  <br />      Santana and his band have been crafting fine music since the 60's and have  never &quot;sold out&quot;  Carlos's playing could almost be described a  genius.  The album was probably released at the wrong time due to the  amount of pop music that was cashing in on the Latin flavor (i.e. Ricky  Martin, Jenifer Lopez, Marc Anthony.)  But for Carlos, this isn't a  commercial gimmic, this is the music that he has been producing for  decades.  The first two singles aren't comparable to the rest of the album.   First you have &quot;Smooth&quot; with guest vocals by Rob Thomas from  Matchbox 20.  This song is very polished and ready for radio airplay, but  if you listen to layering of the music instead of Mr. Thomas, you hear what  Santana has been playing for years.  The other single, &quot;Maria  Maria&quot; featuring The Product G&amp;B is a step towards hip hop soul  courtesy of Wycleff Jean (for this reason alone, this song is reaching).   For now let's get beyond these songs and concentrate on the rest of the  album, which is an instant classic.  The Santana of old is still here, rock  fused with Latin Jazz on tracks likeLa Le Yaleo, Africa Bamba, Migra,  Corazon Espinada featuring Mana, El Farol and Primavera.  The rich  insturmentation will find listeners hearing new things within the layers of  sound every time it is played.  <br />     Ok, on to the songs that are  recieving criticism being included in this album.  The first guest on the  album is Dave Matthews on the track Love of My Life.  Matthews, like  Santana, is very influenced by world music as he himself is from South  Africa. (One listen to any of his albums will show this.)  Everlast lends  vocals and rhythm guitar on the haunting Put Your Lights on.  This song, I  admit, had to grow on me, but after the fifth or sixth listen, is the  standout track on the album.  Moving past Smooth and Maria Maria, comes Do  You Like the Way with Lauren Hill and Cee-Lo (of the group the Goodie Mob)   This song, muddled at first, but one standout is that Cee-Lo is as talented  of a singer as he is an emcee.  The final two tracks, featuring non-Latin  guests are Wishing it Was featuring Eagle Eye Cherry and The Calling, which  will be a classic showing the insturmental genius of both Carlos Santana  and Eric Clapton, who is a true blues master.  <br />    This album doesn't  represent selling out in any way.  The guests on the album each add their  own unique flavor to the music of a phenomonal Spanish Rock,Jazz, whatever  you want to call their music, Just as how Latin Music is having a profound  effect on today's mainstream pop.  This style has been working for decades  for this group.  Forget all the negative hype and buy this album.  YOU WILL  NOT BE SORRY!
B000002UV9|3.0|Obviously the Ryche needed a breather after the maelstrom that was &quot;mindcrime&quot;, so they came up with this one.  Definitely the mellowest album they've done--my Celine Dion/Luther Vandross loving sister  adores &quot;Silent Lucidity&quot;--but an okay album to pass a rainy  Saturday afternoon with.  And I have to agree with fellow reviewer  scottyb--&quot;Hand On Heart&quot; and &quot;One and Only&quot; are horrid.   &quot;Jet City Woman&quot; has one of the best intros I ever heard  (bassist Eddie Jackson has always been highly underrated), and the beauty  of &quot;Silent Lucidity&quot; cannot be denied.  But am I the only Ryche  fan who thinks that the success of &quot;Lucidity&quot; kind of marked the  beginning of the end of the Chris DeGarmo era . . . ?
6304493681|5.0|First, the anamation is enough itself to have you staring at your TV screen in a trance for hours. There is NOTHING like this ANYWHERE! Extremely detailed! And on top of that the storyline is THE BEST I've seen  in ANY movie, SERIOUSLY. Alot of thought must have went into this film.  Section 9 is after a hacker called the &quot;puppet master&quot;, and when  they find it, it is an A.I.. It has realized its own existence though, and  threatens it creaters, section 6, that it will &quot;squeel&quot; on them  (since they created it to hack for them and not get it traced to them). Now  its a race between section 6 and section 9 t see who gets to the  &quot;puppet master&quot; first. Highly intence and it really makes you  think. Questions human existence alot, and amzingly makes sence! GREAT  MOVIE (lots of nudity though, but no sex, just to inform any who want to  know&quot;)!
B000002UEB|5.0|I have gone through 3 CD copies of this phenomenal album.  There is not one single second of downtime on &quot;mindcrime&quot;--it is fantastic from start to finish.  It also (for a change) showcases the writing talents  of co-guitarist Michael Wilton, who collaborates with Geoff Tate on  &quot;The Needle Lies&quot; (speed metal the way it ought to be),  &quot;Spreading The Disease&quot;, and my absolute favorite track on the  album, the chilling testament &quot;Speak.&quot;  When Geoff sings,  &quot;I'm the new messiah/Death angel with a gun,&quot; you will hit your  knees!   If you can only own one Ryche album, this is it, don't look any  further!
B00004R960|5.0|Noel Gallagher whacks out some excellent songs on Oasis' fourth album. On first listening, the new sounds seem hard to get used to, but after a few listens you begin to realise the sheer class of song writing genius Noel.  There is only one weak track on the album, 'put yer money where yer mouth  is'. Noel pointed out that the track was not explored enough. 'Gas Panic!'  presents a track that will hopefully prove to be the way in which Oasis, as  a band, are headed. If you are an Oasis fan, it's a sure buy. I don't quite  know what the difference is between this version and the explicit version  but...get it anyway.
B0000039PW|5.0|I am not a Biggie fan, although I don't dislike him.  I am a 2Pac fan, and 2Pac is definitely the best rapper of all time, contrary to what they declare at the end of new Biggie videos.  I hate Bad Boy, and Puffy belongs  in hell.  Biggie was the only Bad Boy artist who ever had any speck of  talent.  Juicy is one of the best songs ever, just because of the beat, and  that is the only reason why I like this album.  It is too bad that Puffy  has to speak gibberish over the entire song. Puffy is simply the worst  entertainer of all time, and it's too bad that Biggie was associated him,  as all Puffy did was exploit him and capitalize on his death for his own  personal gain.
B00000J6AG|4.0|For those of you who have followed Moby, ROCK ON! For those of you who have just found out about him on a commercial, movie, or MTV...WELCOME to the FABULOUS world of MOBY!  This man is outstanding!  This CD really  doesn't sound like his others... it has a lot of different styles that Moby  can just throw at you when you're not looking... The Sky Is Broken touches  me deep down... his voice... the words... PURE POETRY!  If you're looking  to give Moby a try, I recommend this CD!
B0000039PW|5.0|I am not a Biggie fan, although I don't dislike him.  I am a 2Pac fan, and 2Pac is definitely the best rapper of all time, contrary to what they declare at the end of new Biggie videos.  I hate Bad Boy, and Puffy belongs  in hell.  Biggie was the only Bad Boy artist who ever had any speck of  talent.  Juicy is one of the best songs ever, just because of the beat, and  that is the only reason why I like this album.  It is too bad that Puffy  has to speak gibberish over the entire song. Puffy is simply the worst  entertainer of all time, and it's too bad that Biggie was associated him,  as all Puffy did was exploit him and capitalize on his death for his own  personal gain.
B000002WPI|5.0|Killah Beez on the swarm! I listen to ALL kinds of music and this is my most worn out rap CD! It's an absloute CLASSIC! Rap cannot get any better... Method Man, ODB, RZA, and the WHOLE group together just makes  this album! Of course, any of the Clan by themselves are off the hook, but  together... watch out baby!  If you have yet to experience WU TANG CLAN,  you are absloutely missing out! BUY THIS CD!
3895084581|5.0|Simply put, this is an excellent book!  I didn't read it until I was 37, but it was worth the wait. I certainly would not classify this as a children's book at all.  In fact, I strongly suspect that the few negetive  reviews this book has received here have been due to children being forced  to read it in school.  My view is if you force a child to read anything,  he's going to hate it.  The fact that the book was written over a hundred  years ago, when people talked very differently than they do today, and  novels were written very differently also, spells disaster for anyone  expecting a child to understand it, let alone like it. That aside, this is  still a wonderful book full of adventure with descriptions that are vivid  only if you have a vast vocabulary. If you can get through the first  chapter, it gets easier and it's definately worth the time and effort to  read.  I loved it and plan to read it again very soon.  Do yourself a favor  and ignore any negetive comments you've seen about this great book.  Read  it and then judge for yourself.
B000000OQF|5.0|This is Guns and Roses, baby! Their best CD ever! I don't have much to say, but if you're a GNR fan and don't have this CD... SOMETHING is wrong! It's a great CD to start your GNR collection with, too!  It may be an older  album, but OH YEAH! It ROCKS... HARD!
B00003CWPR|3.0|It is really too bad that Warner Bros. chose to release this movie in the R Rated version, rather than the uncut version we heard so much about on the news in 1999.  What an insult to Stanley Kubrick's last movie.  Not  only did they not even include &quot;deleted Scenes&quot; as in the  Stigmata DVD, they also releases it in full screen!   VCR technology on a  DVD folks!
B00001U03Q|5.0|No matter what mood you are in, this CD is great! I can listen to it again and again. Clapton's still got it! I have to admit, you cannot top Clapton's old stuff, but his new stuff is in a different class of it's own.  This CD is a great collection of his newer stuff. I think if you REALLY  need to experience Eric Clapton, his albums: Cream of Clapton,The Blues and  this CD will give a retrospect of how his music has evolved and what a  marvelous guitar player this man is!
6300183971|4.0|I don't know what exactly I love so much about this movie, its strange yet deep plot, its unique style, or the unusual characters.  Of course it isn't without faults.  Its very confusing if you havn't read the book and also to  some people just a little to strange (however I like the strange aspect to  it).  I just love it!
B00000J7J4|5.0|I just got done looking at some pretty sad, one star reviews of Santana and I'm sad. I'm sure all the kids need this CD because Rob, Ms. Hill, Wyclef, Everlast, Dave and all the names they know are doing a song with  &quot;this guy that plays awesome guitar!&quot; I've seen the other  generations buying it because they need to hear Carlos and his guitar! For  whatever reason you buy this CD, you will probably be surprised and yet  oh-so happy for purchasing this! What more do you want?  He won like a  billion awards for this CD! So what are you waiting for, man?
6301095294|5.0|Pre-Monty Python, Monty Python style comedy. really good. best movie beatles ever made.
B000002KHY|4.0|I don't think this CD has come out of my CD player for a month! It's something I can listen to again and again! He's now a Rock N Roll Hall of Famer!  What better reason to add this  CD to your collection?
B000002BFZ|3.0|Before I go on, let me say that &quot;No Code&quot; is not a normal Pearl Jam album; this is Pearl Jam meets U2, R.E.M, Neil Young, and the Middle East.  If you're wondering how big of a transformation this is, this is  Pearl Jam's &quot;Jar of Flies&quot;, &quot;Achtung Baby&quot;, and  &quot;Out of Time&quot;.<br />You'll notice immediately the difference between  this album and the other four, because it opens with a piano and light  guitar instead of Fenders.  The whole album's like that.  There's a Middle  Eastern influence on &quot;Who You Are&quot;.  They rip off of Neil Young  on &quot;Smile&quot; and &quot;Red Mosquito&quot;.  &quot;Off He Goes&quot;  and &quot;Around the Bend&quot; are acoustic ballads.  &quot;I'm Open&quot;  is a spoken word song that rips off of R.E.M.  &quot;Mankind&quot; rips off  of the 70's punk groups.  You get the idea; much of the album is a  ripoff.<br />Those are just the songs that are slow, strange, and not that  good.  Some songs are better than others.  &quot;In My Tree&quot; is a U2  ripoff, but it sure sounds great.  &quot;Present Tense&quot; is the best  slow song on the album.  Both of them start off slowly and then build.   They are some good tracks and are noteworthy.<br />&quot;No Code&quot; has  only three rockers.  &quot;Hail Hail&quot; just isn't fierce enough to be a  true Pearl Jam rocker.  &quot;Lukin&quot; is an incomprehensible  62-second-thrasher.  &quot;Habit&quot; is the true &quot;Vs.&quot;-like  rocker, and the song's best album as Vedder curses drugs and his friends  that habited (how I can relate to him).<br />This album is good, but it's slow  and strange.  I would recommend that you buy this only if you liked their  other albums.  You can also sample three of these songs on &quot;Live on  Two Legs&quot;.  Buy this album only if you decide that you are a true  Pearl Jam fan.
B0000024YL|1.0|I first bought this record as a 13 year old in 1972.  It was the first time I'd ever been ripped off by a major record company.  The original hit versions of Homeward Bound and I Am A Rock that I loved from radio had been  replaced by the worst live versions imaginable.  Homeward Bound on this  album is just the pits!  I remember thinking &quot;they've got to be  joking&quot; when I played the LP all those years ago.  Don't be mistaken -  I am a fanatical S&amp;G fan but this album was just (CENSORED).   Thankfully Sony Music repackaged the album and replaced the live versions  with the proper hit versions (see Best of S&amp;G).  As for this CD, just  ignore it and hopefully decency will prevail and it will be deleted once  and for all.
0670880728|4.0|Very funny!  The diary format made for very easy reading.  It goes very fast, you can read a day, a week or a month at a time.  Bridget is believable and quite likable.  I enjoyed the book very much.
071198042X|5.0|Pheobe,My old faithful, Thank you for everything,My Dear, see you around. All my love. Melina.
B000002J29|5.0|The guitar solo in Firth of Fifth will give you goosebumps. Steve Hackett is brilliant at blending in until just the right moment and then letting loose with a blistering yet subdued solo.  Forget about the Gabriel/Collins  debate and just sit back and listen to some great music. I have a lot of  live albums but this one hits my disc player the most. Even when the lyrics  get a bit cheesy on Assault and Battery the song is saved by Tony Banks and  his flowing keyboards. Genesis is one of the best live bands ever and the  proof is all here. Carpet Crawl is so hauntingly beautiful that you can  listen to it over and over. One day at work I hit repeat and just let it go  for a few hours. All the good songs are here but standouts are Squonk,  Afterglow, Los Endos, and the incredible opus Suppers Ready. If todays  music had half the muscle and talent of this album... well that's not gonna  happen. I promise if you like prog and just good music you will love this  disc. Since I got it I've bought 5 other Genesis albums, both with Gabriel  and Collins and they didn't disappoint. I believe Steve Hackett is one of  the most underrated guitarists around. Check out his live album &quot;The  Tokyo tapes&quot; for more great stuff. You will enjoy this album!
B00000F1D3|5.0|If you love dancing and dance music, this is the CD you must own!  Cher gives us some of the most compelling grooves recorded since the late 1970s.  I never thought a powerful cut anything like Strong Enough would be  produced again.  Well, it's here.  You will enjoy it thoroughly and you  might even lose a few pounds dancing every night!
B000005S37|5.0|Yes, either you love it or despise it... It was the flip of an audio bird to his label, and a masterpiece, _and_ pre-curser to the &quot;Industrial Noise&quot;-as-music of ten and twenty years later. It's better on vinyl -  I got my Quadraphonic for-Review copy for 25 cents at a yard sale - if you  can find it, but the CD release was a god-send. Yes, I listen to it. Yes,  for pleasure. I personally find it quite soothing and beautiful. And, yes,  Brother Lou would probably think that I am an idiot. This album, in the 15  years I have owned it, remains one of my all-time favorites. So, there you  are...
B000000HU0|4.0|&quot;Shamal&quot; is an important transitional album in Gong's convoluted life-span. Founder Daevid Allen just had departed and Steve Hillage (who is only listed as a guest musician here) strove for a solo career after having  commercial success with his first solo effort &quot;Fish rising&quot;.  Finally, Gong became the vehicle of Pierre Moerlen, who led the band into  jazz-rock fields with 1976's &quot;Gazeuse!&quot;. Although  &quot;Shamal&quot; is produced by Nick Mason, the music bears very little  resemblance to Pink Floyd. The sound is also quite a step from Gong's  preceding, legendary &quot;Radio Gnome Trilogy&quot;. The songs are  shorter, better structured and more tuneful, coming up with jazzy bass  lines, croaky saxophones, and pearling vibraphones. I particularly enjoy  Mike Howlett's hesitant talk-singing on &quot;Wingful of eyes&quot;, the  beautiful, both funny and melancholic &quot;Mandrake&quot;, and the Eastern  flavor of &quot;Bombouji&quot;. &quot;Shamal&quot; is not one of my  favorite Gong albums (these are &quot;Camembert electrique&quot;,  &quot;Downwind&quot;, &quot;Shapeshifter&quot;, and the remix collection  &quot;You remixed&quot;), but it is one of Gong's most accessible and  well-thought efforts.
B000002LFZ|5.0|This is an awesome compliation of some of the best songs in the world! If you don't have a Fleetwood Mac album yet, then this is a great first album.  Be prepared to begin a long term love affair with Fleetwood Mac, that is  if you aren't already having one.  This CD is missing a few of the Greats  though.  Gold Dust woman, Landslide, The Chain, And My little Demon. Maybe  a greatest hits II will be released and will have all those songs!  Rock on  Fleetwood Mac Fans!
B00003Q438|5.0|And about the ending. I think it's great! I like how the Aliens for once are portraited like this. I have seen many movies that have portraited the Aliens in much more hostile ways but not many (the only other coming to  mind is Close Encounters of the third kind) have portraited them as  pieceful. The movie wouldn't be as good as it is without the ending.  <br />What I have noticed about the ending is that people either love it or  hate it. Not many think it's so-so. I'm one of those who completely loves  it!
630025075X|5.0|This is a really cool video if you are a fan of David Gilmour's solo work. The light show cant compare to Pink Floyd's but this is still a great show. It features mostly songs from the album About Face. The songs aren't as  well played nor are they sung. They are great to see live, however they  aren't as good as the original recordings. One really good feature about  this movie is, David Gilmour as put in a whole bunch of sessions where it  is just an all out jam! There is a whole lot of great guitar solos in it.  After the conert finishes, we go into music videos. These music videos are  ok with in reason. I dont think Gilmour liked to do these. They had him  doing things that I dont think he would ever do, like getting on his knees  and playing or spinning around. After the music vidoes comes a documentary  which is really entertaining. They talk mostly about how they did his new  album. I say buy this video, it may take some time to get use to buy you  will love it. David Gilmour is the best guitarist alive!
0786915749|2.0|I'm afraid I really have to agree with the reader from Dallas two messages below.  There are a lot (an awful lot) of folks who hold this series in high merit, but I was barely able to finish this first book.  The writing  is so filled with cliches, stale dialog, and stereotypical characters that  I couldn't bring myself to move on to the second book.  The only saving  grace was the overall plot itself was somewhat interesting.<br />If you're  just coming off of Tolkien or Jordan and are looking for further Fantasy  (or if you are just used to high-quality writing), I wouldn't really  recommend this series unless you can accept a novel written towards, what I  would consider, an 11th-grade target audience.
B000001EKX|4.0|This album is almost as good as Kiss's self-titled debut. Some of the better songs are Let Me Go,Rock And Roll (my FAVORITE on this album), Parasite, Hotter Than Hell, Mainline, All The Way, and Comin' Home. Buy  this album if you want a complete Kiss collection, and if you like the  sound of early-70's KISS.
0671646788|5.0|In life, you encounter many situations where, with a little guidance, you could have succeeded and excelled, but without it you apparently floundered, blundered and failed.  Well, the good news in this book is that  with the right attitude, you never fail, you just learn.  In fact, if you  follow the advice in this book, you find there are only two things you can  possibly be doing at any given time - succeeding or preparing to succeed!   <br />I have been trained in management, leadership and motivation by some of  the best management training organisations in the world, yet I am sure that  most of what they taught me is already in this book.  <br />Take my advice,  spend more time succeeding and less time learning.  Read this book cover to  cover then LIVE the messages it contains.  You cannot help but succeed if  you do.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I wonder if being classified as jazz has kept this CD from selling? I call it &quot;old standards tastefully redone in a modern venue&quot;. The fact that the charts were done by Johnny Mandel got my attention, but I soon  discovered that the piano, drums, bass &amp; guitar are always present.  Much of the solo works is done by piano and guitar that tastefully never  stray too far from the melody. But it is her vocal that makes this CD worth  while. Every word, right on pitch, can be clearly understood. Her piano  expertise shows through in her vocal phrasing. These choice old standards  have never been done better.
B000002C25|5.0|By far the best Oasis has compiled. A mix of some of their older stuff, with a bit of a softer feel also. Be Here Now has some songs with fun lyrics like Girl In a Dirty Shirt, and Be Here Now, but also has some more  meaningful words in Stand By Me and I Hope I Think I Know.  The rythim in  this cd is great and certainly is a must for every fan.  A fine combination  of Oasis at their best!
B00000JCB2|5.0|YOU PEOPLE CARE SO MUCH ABOUT HOW THE SECOND ALBUM IS NOT AS GOOD AS THE FIRST ALBUM. YOU PEOPLE HAVE TO HEAR THE MUSIC WHO CARES IF LIMP BIZKIT CHANGES YOU PEOPLE SHOULD ACCEPT HOW LIMP BIZKIT FEELS ABOUT THERE MUSIC.  LIMP BIZKIT DOES SO MUCH FOR THE FANS AND ALL YOU PEOPLE CARE ABOUT IS LIMP  BIZKIT CHANGING THERE SOUND. GROW UP AND TRY TO ENJOY THE NEW LIMP BIZKIT  CD.
B000002AS3|4.0|Definitly Maybe, the first full cd of Oasis. Although it most certainly is a good one, it is by far not the best.  Definitly Maybe has more of a harder feel to it than the other cd's.  A good cd to get if you love Oasis,  but not a great choice if this is your first album by them.  Their new cd  SOTSOG has a lot of songs with a Defintily Maybe feel to it.  A good cd,  but not their best.
6302043158|5.0|A great movie.  I mean it, it certainly opened me up to what the Mods were all about.  As a Skinhead, I'm very interested in the Mods that influenced us, and this movie seems to be a great way to take a look into the  past.<br />Aside from the look and action, this movie tells a great story.   Jimmy is a young Mod in London circa 1965, at the hieght of the Mod  culture.  As the movie goes, we see how Jimmy lives, who he hangs out with,  the way he and his mates party, and basically the things that shaped the  Mod lifestyle.  Unill seeing this movie I had know idea the Who were a Mod  band in the beginning...hell, I didn't even know what a Mod was.  Actually,  you don't have to be a Who fan to like this movie.  Although I've always  listened to them, usually when they played on my parents Classic Rock  station, I never payed attention to them.  Since then, I have become a huge  Mod and Who fan, among other things.  This is a great movie and I recommend  it to anybody.  Cheers.
0792156684|3.0|I've seen a lot of movies in my time but none of them have been this overrated! I was expecting nothing short of a masterpiece when I first saw this movie, after all, it did win 11 Acadamy Awards. I can't seem to  realize what was so good about Titanic, the acting? I don't think so!  Leonardo Dicaprio was pathetic in this movie and I'm not going to say much  about Kate Winslet because she was just as bad! James Cameron what were you  thinking when you picked these two..... Well, I couldn't call them losers  because that would be a little generous, so let's just call them bad  actors! Although I did not mind the special affects in this movie, they  were infact great I felt the realism was at an all time low when it came to  telling the story of this great loss of real lives! Instead of focusing on  the death of thousands of innocent people on the Titanic it focused on a  lame love story which was very artificial at best! Also, gun fights while  the ship is going down? Middle finger in 1912? How could a great director  like James Cameron make these costly and obvious mistakes in a movie that  was supposed to be &quot;historicly accurate&quot;? Even the way the ship  went down may not have been correct. The iceberg looked incredibly fake for  a 200 million dollar movie! <br />I know I've spent most of this review  critisizing this movie but there were some very touching and passionate  scenes. That's where two thirds of the stars come in. The third is for my  appreciation for James Cameron's excellent method of creating the ship.  That really looked real, but next time make sure you make the people on the  ship seem as real as the ship itself.
0790742780|4.0|Well, Marshall Fine, I think you precisely missed the point ! This great movie (probably the best Joel schumacher ever directed) has not its fine lot of stereotypes : it's just that Americans are a huge collection of  living stereotypes !
6304711921|1.0|What a major disappointment for all true stop-motion animation fans. I actually feel sorry for those who unknowingly call this a &quot;masterpiece&quot;, or a &quot;true classic&quot;; they must be pretty desperate. -But it's no wonder, really. If you've grown up with mostly cartoons and Disney movies, something &quot;different&quot; like this must seem like a revelation. -Come on, have you forgotten Ray Harryhausen or George Pal and his Puppetoons ?. Or people like the Quay Brothers, Jiri Trnka, Karel Zeman, Jan Svankmejer, etc., etc., etc. -They're the true masters; able to be innovative, atmospheric and scary. &quot;T.N.B.C.&quot; lack all these important ingredients. But the biggest disappointment of all is the animation itself. The movie may look slick, perfect and sophisticated (and I'm sure they spent a million hours on it), but it's too elaborate for its own good. I know stop-motion is all about detail, but if you spend too much time making the movements of the puppets quick and realistic you lose that  special kind of magic so essential to this wonderful art-form. In my opinion stop-motion is supposed to be rather slow and jerky looking - that's the very charm of it, for Christ sake !. Not necessarily dark and quirky, but it's at its otherworldly best when the execution of it is kept simple and primitive. Check out some old classic fairytales Czech-style for much more effective examples. I really don't know why they bothered, Burton &amp; Co. -They might as well have used computers, because CGI is almost what it feels (and looks) like to me. Stop-motion is after all an oldfashioned kind of animation, and just about the only place left where ones fantasy can truly flourish and your patience (brain, really) is challenged. Unlike CGI, it forces you to use you imagination still, and not disconnect it. Concentration, please !.
630469797X|5.0|Dawn Of The Dead is one of those Horror Movies that you can watch over and over again,From the Begining, Until the end, It will keep you in your seat. Me and my Youngest son have watched this Movie Hundreds of times,and we  cant wait til the next one. The DVD (Directors Cut) Verison is fantastic!   It has the full Orginal verison of the Movie,The Sound Track is great and  the Picture Quiality gets a Ten in my Book. If you havent seen it,I suggest  you Buy it Here, and Now!  Maybe the next installment of George A.  Ramero's Living Dead will come soon?  I Love the DVD verison of this  Movie.
B00002DEMV|5.0|Power Metal meets the Opera.  First, the vocalist is a female opera singer - if you've heard Therion's Vovin or Crowning of Atlantis, then you're familiar with how cool metal is with a female opera singer.  Next, the  keyboards are reminiscent of Stratovarius, using the same harpsichord sound  much of the time.  Next, there's a lot of double bass and heavy riffing,  but there are also some quieter songs that are exceptional as  well.<br />Finally, I'd wrap up by saying that if you like Stratovarius, Gamma  Ray, old Helloween, Iron Maiden, or Therion, then you'll almost certainly  dig this band.
B000000WA4|5.0|Billy Corgan is obviously the most ambitious songwriter of his generation, and even if he's not much of a singer, his guitar prowess, compositions and arrangements live up to his sky-high ambitions.  Mellon Collie and the  Infinite Sadness soars with thick guitars, shimmering keyboards, sweeping  string sections, and lyrics that marry Led Zeppelin's mysticism with  Generation-X angst.<br />The album opens with the serene keyboard instrumental  that is the album's title track.  Melodically and rhythmically recalling  the elegiac &quot;piano exit&quot; of Derek and the Dominos'  &quot;Layla&quot;, the track puts you into a pretty haze until Jimmy  Chamberlin's muscular, driving drums shake you awake on &quot;Tonight,  Tonight&quot;, marrying larger-than-life melody with grandiose strings.   &quot;Zero&quot; is a buzzsaw guitar song in standard Pumpkins tradition;  &quot;To Forgive&quot; whispers and floats like a whinier, masculine Lush;  &quot;Bullet with Butterfly Wings&quot; hydrogen-bombs your eardrums with  waves of distorted guitars; and &quot;1979&quot; is a sweet, nostalgic rave  through the good times of youth.<br />Even if it has lyrical flaws and  Corgan's voice can be grating, Mellon Collie offers enough pleasures to  make it one of the landmarks of the '90s.
B000000W5P|5.0|This is the Stones' best album. I would just like to mention to others who love it, that if you can get a listen of the 8-track tape version of this album, its &quot;Beast of Burden&quot; has some extra words, and a  different ending than the known version. It also has two versions of  &quot;Before They Make Me Run&quot;, the known version, plus a version that  has some extra words. Fantastic album.
B00003CWPR|5.0|as with most works by the legendary STanley Kubrick, &quot;Eyes wide shut&quot; was misunderstood on release and is already being heralded as something wonderful.  The beautifully shot epic is without doubt one of  1999s stand out films and as usual, it has been robbed by the joke commonly  known as the oscars.  The only real shame is that the dvd version is the  edited one, not the full un-cut version that we recieved over here in  england.  ENJOY!
B00003CWPR|4.0|Although I thought the movie collapsed toward the end, that most of it was so solid, I am recommending it. This movie gets as diverse opinions as THE THIN RED LINE (if you liked this, then you might like that...to those who  thought this was slow, you'd probably find that slow). On Roger Ebert's  show, both he and Martin Scorcese voted EYES WIDE SHUT as one of the best  ten movies of the 90's!  I'll take Martin Scorcese's opinion over any of  those one star reviews below, any day!
6305079811|4.0|it cost $22 million dollars to make and every penny was well spent on fantastic sets, a super-camp script and some ridiculously over the top acting.  FANTASTIC STUFF!
B000001FY5|5.0|If you were to listen to this album, you understand why I hate it when other singers cover his songs.  He wrote the songs and the music himself so he should be the only one singing them.  If you want to hear &quot;Turn  your lights down low&quot;, you need to buy this version, not Lauryn  Hill's.
0790731002|3.0|Batman Forever is certainly a far cry from the previous two films on virtually all levels.  Val Kilmer is the new Dark Knight. Joel Schumacher is the new director. It is entertaining but suffers from a case of  overkill.<br />The tone of the movie is much lighter and colorful. It plays  much closer to the comic books than the previous two. Jim Carrey's Riddler  goes a bit overboard but generally is on target. Tommy Lee Jones is a great  actor but just doesn't have the grasp of Two Face..he's played way too  close to the Joker. Having two villians in the film just doesn't work well  here.<br />The introduction of Robin is nicely done but Chris O'Donnell is a  little too old for Robin but makes the character just earnest enough to  make it work. Nicole Kidman as the token love interest, plays a psycholgist  who tries to get under Batman's costume. As For Batman himself, Val Kilmer  acquits himself nicely as the Dark Knight and Bruce Wayne.<br />The production  design is colorful to say the least, The new Batmobile is a bit too garish  as well. The biggest problem with the film is overkill. Too many lead  characters and a very inconsistant script. Some of the dialogue is funny  but at times it gets too silly. The action scenes are exciting if not  chaotic. Elliot Goldenthal's music is overdone and grating to listen to at  times. Joel Schumacher's style is all over this film. He's directed some  really good films in the past, and he gives Batman a different style here,  but comes dangerously close to camp at times.. which is sadly what he would  fill the next Batman movie of.
0312243022|5.0|An exquisitely written gem of a novel.  Cunningham has the rare talent of taking the most simple of words and images and making from them pure magic.  Not as dense and (in my opinion) impenetrable as &quot;Mrs.  Dalloway,&quot; its model. It is, by the way, almost a prerequisite to have  read that Woolf book if you are to appreciate &quot;The Hours&quot; to its  fullest.  Rarely  have I been as satisfied so thoroughly with a novel from  beginning to end. And speaking of the end, if it doesn't startle, amaze and  move you, I want to know what will. For once the Pulitzer committee was  right in awarding its prize.
0790730960|5.0|Batman Returns is very much a Tim Burton film. It is a stranger and darker film than Batman, netherless it is a striking film on several levels. <br />Michael Keaton returns as the stoic and haunted Dark Knight. Danny  DeVito is Oswald Cobblepot aka The Penguin. In the comic book he's a short  rotund man who has an affinity for birds and umbrellas. The character is  reinvented here. Born grotesquely disfigured, as an infant, he's cast into  the river where he's brought up in a criminal circus gang that lives  underground in an abandoned Zoo.  Michelle Pfeffer is Selina Kyle aka  Catwoman, a beautiful yet mousy secretary who's been pushed too far (of a  window) and is out for some serious payback.<br />These three disturbed  characters make this Batman film more adult oriented than the first one.  DeVito's Penguin is a tragic figure but is very evil and is looking to  strike back at Gotham City any way he can. The grotesque make-up is  impressive and DeVito delivers a powerful performance. Michelle Pfeffer is  haunting as the mousy secretary who is pushed over the edge and finds  herself battling with her new alter ego Catwoman. A nice chemistry is  struck between Keaton &amp; Pfeffer as the conflicted couple. Christopher  Walken is on hand as the manipulative and power hungry businessman Max  Shreck. Michael Gough returns as Alfred the butler as well.<br />The stunning  production design by Bo Welch extends the look from the previous film and  Danny Elfman's score is a bit more subdued but retains the perfect  atmosphere. The story is solid but the plotline regarding the circus gang  is thin. <br />Batman Returns isn't a film for small kids either.  Between the  overall look of the characters and some racy dialogue, this is a Batman  film for more of a mature audience. If you're a fan of the first film,  you'll enjoy this Batman film that has a few new twists to it.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I must say I was never into Santana before, but after hearing &quot;Smooth&quot; on the radio, then the follow-up &quot;Maria-Maria,&quot; I couldn't help but getting a copy of the album. I  think it is awesome. Carlos Santana has great collaboration with great  artists, and the result is an album everybody should own.  &quot;Maria-Maria&quot; is off the hook! Great job Carlos!
0790729652|5.0|Back in 1988 when it was announced that Michael Keaton was to portray The Dark Knight in a feature film, everyone scoffed. He proved them wrong. Tim Burton's film about the unique comic book crimefighter became an instant  classic.<br />Michael Keaton was a atypical choice to portray Bruce Wayne and  his nighttime alter ego, but he brilliantly captured the essence of the  troubled man with a very big secret. Jack Nicholson as the Joker is  perfect. His comic book exploits are in full force here. Exuding insanity  and charm, Nicholson delivers a memorable performance. Kim Basinger as  Vicky Vale is the woman caught in the middle. Michael Gough as Bruce Wayne  loyal butler Alfred is also worth noting as well.<br />Tim Burton and the late  Anton Furst delved into the lore of Batman and created a visual  masterpiece. The nightmarish world of Gotham City, The Batmobile and  especially Batman's costume are given new life. Danny Elfman's rousing film  score is among the all time greats, and adds to the mysterious atmosphere  of the film. For those who didn't have the opportunity to see this on the  big screen, you missed a real treat. It would have been nice if they had  included the tantilizing trailers here, but I have a feeling a Special  Edition will be coming in the future.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Almost all of Stanley Kubrick's movies are masterpieces and this is no exception. The most misunderstood movie of 1999 is actually quite good. As with all of Kubrick's films you can sense the 'perfectionism', Kidman and  Cruise took big career risks with this film and I think it paid off. As  usual with Kubrick; great cinematography, lighting, score and atmosphere.  Great performances by almost all the cast, a little mis-casting may have  hurt the film a bit. The film possesses a provocative subject matter that  raises questions that are mostly left unanswered, but maybe it's better  that way. Great for Kubrick fans, if you can not appreciate this film than  you didn't really understand Kubrick. A worthy final chapter in the life of  a genious. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film an 8!
B00003CWPR|5.0|I found this film slow but insightful.  There were a few quick things in it that if you blinked at the wrong time you'd miss it. For example Nicloe Kidman changing her tampon in the beginning of the film. This film made you  guess at who was under the masks, and who it was that saved Tom. Many of  the people walked out of the theater with me not having a clue what it was  about. I like that in a film, it makes me feel like the smart one of the  bunch.
B000002NJS|5.0|This CD is perfect.  It gives us a great look at how polished Madonna has become as a producer and writer.  Her new sound is thanks to William Orbit.   The writing is great.  I love the song Ray of Light and Nothing Really  Matters.  I think that it's safe to say that this album may be Madonna's  best work to date apart only to her best hits collection. Worth owning!
6301976983|5.0|Simply one of the greatest tales of morality, and the foibles that instant wealth brings. Much has been written about the gteat performances of Bogart and Walter Huston, the direction and screenwriting of John Huston, and the  story by B Traven. Let's not forget the performance by Tim Holt, a minor  star in Grade B Westerns, who gives the performance of his life as Curtin,  the good guy in the story, or of Bruce Bennett, the ill-fated Cody. Alfonso  Bedoya, as Gold Hat was simply perfect. Overall, one of those rare movies  where all the pieces fit together like a perfectly put together jigsaw  puzzle.
0792151712|4.0|I was very saddened when I started to rethink about such a historical tragedy.  Not to diminish any of the respect to the victims, I wish to note that this movie was worth seeing, maybe a little too realistic but  unfortunately this movie depicts  how life can be at times;sad.  But  through it all we meet Jack and Rose who prove that love stands stronger  than tragedy.
0060987464|5.0|What I liked about the book:  I enjoyed the insight into Marilyn Manson's life; I would recommend this book to any Manson fan. I think that this book gives even hardcore fans some new information.  I would not however, recommend it to anyone without a open mind or a non-Manson fan because some  people would just look at the book as more incriminating evidence. This  book was good because you can finally see what Marilyn Manson's life was  like and also how he was feeling at some points in his music writing  process.<br />What I didn't like about the book:  I think that at sometimes  this book gave you too much information. The book talks in-dept about some  of Marilyn Manson's drug use and sexual experiences, which can be  overwhelming at times.  Some parts of Marilyn Manson's life wasn't exactly  explained in detail either; some things I wanted to know that he hadn't  answered in any of the interviews. But since he wrote the book I suppose he  didn't want to share now either. <br />Bottom line: If you are a Marilyn  Manson fan, or are interested in his life, or you just want to find out the  truth about some rumors, or you want to dig up dirt on him then the book is  well worth the
B000002LND|4.0|I really love all of Madonna's music but especially this one collection. This was the 3rd album of hers that I ever bought except for a couple singles from Like A Prayer.  My favorites are Cherish, Crazy For You,  Express Yourself, and Into the Groove.  Go check this one out.  You won't  be sorry you did.
B000002J09|4.0|...........This isn't the best Led Zeppelin album. But there's always this, Led Zeppelin is a legend of a band and they have some of the best cd's I've ever heard, and just because this one isn't good compared to  their other one's doesn't mean it's bad. I mean, this was the cd to release  &quot;Stairway To Heaven&quot;, which is an amazing song. Also,  &quot;When  the Levee Breaks&quot; and &quot;Black Dog&quot;. These guys are amazing.  Great songwriting, great beats, and awesome guitar work, if your looking to  improve your Led Zeppelin collection and you don't have this one, give it a  try, and if your a beginner get this, and then get the others. They'll get  better even though this one is a masterpiece itself. BUY IT!
B00003CWPQ|5.0|I had been begging my parents to see this movie for at least 2 weeks before i saw it today. They thought it would be dirty and like a porn movie... God, were they wrong!<br />From the very moment EYES WIDE SHUT began,  I was hooked. Nicole Kidman, one of the most beautiful actresses alive, has  a multi-faceted character here, which is unusual for her. We're used to  seeing her as a boring, two dimensional character (ala PRACTICAL MAGIC),  but she plays an emotionally tormented women here to the superb point.<br />I  am 13, so I understand my parents' reluctance to let me see this film. But  I sat down to watch it and through the whole 159 minutes, I must have left  the room once (for some Ginger Ale).<br />A word must be said about the  infamous orgy scene. This sequence must be the most scary, unsettling and  utterly creepy scene ever put on celluoid. This weird, stanic-sounding  music plays in the background as these women in robes and masks kneel  around this man in red holding inscense. I had my &quot;eyes wide  open&quot; through this and the entire movie. <br />I had just watched THE  SHINING about an hour before because I wanted to spend my day remembering  Stanley. I thought THE SHINING was awesome, but that can't compare to this.  This is not a horror movie, but a lurid, disturbing drama. It is without a  doubt the greatest film I've ever seen. Not because of the sex, but because  of the tone and superb beauty of this film. Sorry VERTIGO, you'll have to  movie out, or rather, just keep your &quot;eyes wide shut&quot; to your  replacement!
6305627347|5.0|I found this movie extremely funny. It kept me in stitches the whole time. Not everyone will agree with me though. This is a movie for those who likes crude potty humor and takes it for a good laugh. If you are a south park  fan, you will love it. If not, you may or may not enjoy this. All in all my  opinion is this..... Loosen up a little and laugh at this movie. You may  suprise yourself.
0441172717|5.0|I must admit, I was hesitant to read James Herbert's opus, &quot;Dune&quot;.  I had a misguided (and somewhat negative) idea of what to expect. You see, my first encounter with the world of Arrakis was the  less than memorable motion picture.  Luckily, however, I took the plunge  and was rewarded with a beautiful and enthralling reading experience.   I  have not encountered such a detailed and thoughtfull piece of fiction since  my childhood when I read the Middle-Earth stories by Tolkein.  The  characters of &quot;Dune&quot; are engaging, seductive, tragic, and  occasionally humorous (just like us &quot;real&quot; people). There were  times, while captured by the pages of this masterpiece, when I  lost track  of the outside world and could actually feel the hot desert sand on my face  and hear the tell-tell approach of a &quot;maker&quot;. With a complex  storyline and superbly realized characters, this epic of science-fiction  would be a grand read for a fanatic of the genre or someone who has never  even heard of the late, great James Herbert.  Brilliant!
0385493622|5.0|When I began this book, I was already familiar with Fermat's last Theorem/Conjecture and had even spent a few hours in college thinking about solutions -- and realizing quickly that the theorem described an entire family of problems, which were vastly beyond my mathematical abilities. I had also seen the BBC production of Wiles's solution and was expecting a more detailed description of Wiles' attack on the problem. The book met that expectation, but I was pleasantly surprised to find much, much more in the book as well. Beginning with Pythagoras's theorem, the book traces the history of the problem and the variety of attempts to prove or disprove it over the years. The thumbnail sketches of the lives of numerous famous mathematicians, including Pythagoras, Fermat, Galois, Alan Turing and of course Shimura and Taniyama were delightful and intriguing. There was even a nod to women in mathematics. Singh knows his math and he knows how to make it interesting to the lay reader.
B00004LN16|5.0|This is nothing but great rock and roll. I mean these guys practically invented rock and roll. But, I am a die-hard AC/DC fan. So even if Brian Johnson was singing country and western I still would not give a bad  review. I strongly recommend buying this album.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is the best cd I own.  Everything on it is amazing, especially John at the end of the song &quot;Easily&quot;.  Anthony, John, Flea, and Chad are a perfect match.
B00000JY1X|5.0|HI, I wrote this review ages ago &amp; I would like it added to my profile page.  Thanks<br />absolutely a masterpiece    Reviewer: A music fan from New York      October 4, 1999   Stephin Merritt has once again proven himself  perhaps the greatest (and most consistent and prolific) pop songwriter of  the decade. There are just too many great songs between the three albums to  list, suffice to say that out of 69 songs, at least 2 dozen are destined to  become classic. As always, his songs are almost impossibly clever, cruel  &amp; catchy as hell. 69LS is a consolidation of all of SM's songwriting  strengths; over the course of nearly three(!) hours of music he varies the  moods, styles, tempos &amp; instrumentation without sacrificing coherence.  Even the throwaways (and there are far fewer than you might think) grow on  you... Best release of the year and one of the best of the decade. --This  text refers to the Audio CD edition.    2 of 2 people found this review  helpful.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I am a fan of hardcore hip-hop myself, and I own VERY few alternative and/or rock CD's, but I was immediately stunned by this album. It is complete musical genius. The lyrics are absolutely nuts, and they lead me  to believe that the lead singer has serious mental problems. That may sound  like a dissatisfied comment, but it's not. The music on this CD perfectly  describes insanity, depression, and wonder all just in the notes. I can't  say everyone will enjoy it(it took me a few listens myself), but it is pure  excellence.
0790720434|5.0|The Secret Garden is a wonderful film for people of all ages. Easy to follow and the actors are wonderfull. I read the book and begged my mom to rent the movie for me. I loved it more than the book itself. There were a  few things in the movie that didn't go along with the book, but never the  less it was excellent. If you haven't seen this movie yet, go out and rent  it. It's a guarantee you'll love it!
0783225784|5.0|Is it over? Was it over when the Germans Bombed Pearl Harbor? HELL NO!  It wasn't over then, and it isnt over NOW! <br />You will have a hard time getting OVER this RIOT!
0380973464|5.0|Neal Stephenson's big sprawling book was a total delight to read. Full of sneaky asides about our culture and with a surprisingly tight story line considering the scope of all the threads. This is an author who is way  smarter and way more talented than the rest of us..may he write for next  fifty years.
B00003003R|5.0|This twin CD set captures Guns N' Roses at their peak. Axl's singing, bordering on screaming, rings clearly. Slash's handiwork on the guitar is electric. Always a live band, their explosive energy kicks into high gear  and is wonderfully captured here. The music flows from song to song so  smoothly if you close your eyes and crank the stereo, you'll be  mysteriously transported back to any of their concerts. My only  &quot;complaint&quot; was that the CDs were labeled backwards - CD 1 is  actually CD 2, and vice versa. Other than that, both CDs will hang around  my Sony shuttle for months to come.
0790736241|5.0|You'd have to be into that whole &quot;thinking&quot; thing to appreciate this movie. I was a little disappointed with the ending the first time I saw it, but after seeing it a few more times, it all began to snap  together. This is NOT a cheap sci-fi B-movie that you can just half-watch  and then go on with your life. It's one of those that you are thinking  about long after, and it slowly begins to fit together. <br />I didn't think  that this movie was offensive. In fact, I felt somewhat spiritually  empowered by it. One of the big messages in the movie is that faith is  something that cannot be explained or proven, not even by science.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I kinda picked this cd up on a whim, not really knowing what the rest of what the tracks were gonna be like(I had heard Guerrilla Radio, but that was it). Having liking Guerrilla Radio, I gave this cd a shot, and having  listened to it many times I have to say that THIS CD RULES!<br />But why, you  may ask? Well for one, Zach De La Rocha is a great vocalist. His politcal  views are expressed very well through his vocals and deffinatly grabs your  atention to some of the injustices in the world. Second Tom Morrello and  &quot;Y tim K&quot; play their instruments with a passion. They know how to  create grooves as thick as malasses while never sacrificing melody and  rhythm(plus Morrello's leads are absoultly amazing). Finally, get down to  the drummer, Brad Wilk, who plays with limited drums, can sure get you  going.<br />With memorable lyrics,leads/solos, and melodies, this cd should be  enjoyed by anyone who likes their rock hard and has meaningful lyrics. Grab  it and you shouldn't be disapointed.
0812550757|5.0|A masterpiece! I hope you have time on your hands, because you won't want to put it down!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|So, you like the offspring,huh ? Well, actually,i'd recommend Ignition or Ixnay,but  this  CD is rather cool,it's got some cool music ,actually the whole CD is great!   You'll see!
6305750750|4.0|This film is two hours of a twelve hour movie, and it's exposition.<br />Keeping that in mind, this movie is brilliant.  I introduces so many elements of the Star Wars saga, while maintaining a voice all it's  own.   This movie, by the way, is the most jaw dropping two and a quarter  hours of film you have or will (until Episode 2) see. <br />The Pod Race and  the final battle will not let you take a breath (that's a good thing!) and  contain images the likes of which you won't forget.  The music is  marvelous, and should definatley been nominated (and won) best original  score at the academy awards.<br />Okay Folks, The Not so good parts- The  acting is kind of stiff and first time viewers will find Jar-Jar Binks  annoying.  (I have seen it 14 times in the theatres and in viewings 2-14 I  found Jar-Jar quite humorous) The tattoine sequences (not during the pod  race) will hold your attention for about two seconds, sit tight though it  does get much better after that section!<br />FINAL CRITICISM-<br />I know many  many people have said the same thing and I will repeat it- I WANT  DVD!  But George Lucas wins, I will buy this edition April 4th  (*punk*!) and when DVD comes out, THAT too.  And I recommend everyone else  does the same. :)rrrrrrrrr!
B00000JCOV|5.0|SlipKnot a Nine peice Death/Thrash-Core band that came out of Demoin Iowa!  They are also my favorite band!  I have been a fan for a year and 2 months, I own 2 copies of the album, their both autographed by all 9  members of the band, I've seen them in concert two times, and I have met  them both times! I'm on the official Street Team, so I figured it is my  duty to spread the sicness! The Album is one of the most amazing things  I've ever heard in my life! I read about the band for the first time in Dec  98, I got the album when It was released in June, and I haven't stoped  listing to it for the last 8 months that its been out! Theirs so much  streangth in ALL their songs. I love the entire album but some key moments  foe me are sic, eyeless, surfacing, purity, libarate, tatered and torn,  sissors, only one, wait and bleed, and prostetics! there is not a bad  track! Corey is one of the best vocalests and one hell of a cool guy! So  please if you don't have this album yet, GET IT!  WHAT ARE YOU WAITING  FOR!  Give in and sped the sicness
B00003CXAY|5.0|I first saw Koyaanisquatsi almost 20 years ago on a 13 inch television set with poor sound and was very moved by the experience.  About 10 years later I heard that the Philip Glass Orchestra was going to be performing live to  the sequel movie Powaqqatsi at the University of Pennsylvania.  I went and  was blown away once again.  Glass' unique music got inside me and carried  me to every scene in the movie.  The friend I took with me (who had no idea  what to expect) thanked me for changing her life. She wanted to get  together with everyone in the theater afterwards and discuss how the film  made them all feel.  I would love to see both of these unique and Moving  films again but have been unable to locate them.  Does anyone at all know  where the video/DVD can be purchased?   If you ever have the opportunity  to see/experience either film, you will never ever forget it!   I promise.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|This is easily the greatest film of all time. One of the reasons for being so great are the great preformances from Ed Norton and Brad Pitt. The film is very misinterpreted and have read many reviews stating that it is to  influental and nilistic, however it is really mocking it self on these  terms . Fo example Tyler Durden rebels against almost every product,  becuase we don't need it for survival, films included so why is there a  film about it, because it is self mockery. And this one of the things that  makes the film so clever and witty. The amazing plot devlopment at the end  is just amazing. This film contains many new style visual effects and the  mis en scene that is created by the greatest director around at the moment  is just fabolous and makes you feel like you are in the dark place where  the narrator is. This I think is one of those films either you love it or  you hate it. You have to read the film correctly, it is a black comedy  thriller. The comedy is very subtle but also very funny. Some of the  cleverest movie lines are in this film &quot; With a gun barrel stuck you  only speak in vowels&quot;. The screenplay has been very well adapted from  the book exluding of course the ending. YOu have to see this film, and even  if you don't like it you can still appreciate it for it style. In ten years  time this could be the most popular cult film of all time.
B000002H97|1.0|Whoever hates Load and reload and accuses them of selling out with those albums is dead wrong, the sellout began with this one, a tripe boring pop record. The proof that this is a sellout record is that why would they call  this a self titled record, there 5th album if they did not want to totally  lose their old fans and sellout for younger trendier richer non metal  kiddies for fans who mostly think this is their first album anyway? Anyone  whos has gotten into metallica with this album is not into heavy metal at  all and is just following the &quot;cool&quot; trend.
6303589162|3.0|&quot;Body Double&quot; certainly has a few memorable scenes - if a movie as voyeuristic as this didn't, then it would get a one-star rating. Difficult to figure out if Brian de Palma isn't perhaps parodying himself  as well as Hitchcock - there is a thread of humor through the movie that  makes it hard to regard it as a real suspense thriller. Not one to raise  your hopes high for, but worth a go.
B000001FE0|4.0|After 18 years in hiding, Odessa is finally back where it rightfully belongs - competing for `Best of the 60's Concept Albums.' Odessa is a symphonic tragedy of love and loss at sea. The original album had an  elegant and luxurious velvet cover. Technological innovation has negated  the cover, but the sophistication and grandeur of the music  remain.<br />Melody and harmony are the Bee Gees strong suit. `Black Diamond,'  `Melody Fair,' and `Lamplight' challenge the most infectious  Lennon-McCartney melodies. Maurice, Barry and Robin share lead vocals.  Maurice and Barry are provocative on the more whimsical stuff (Edison,  Melody Fair, I Laugh In Your Face). Barry sings naturally - he's no  pathetic castrado here. And Robin's nasal vibrato is ideal for the love  songs (Black Diamond, Lamplight, First of May). If the Everly Brothers own  the patent on flawless sibling harmony, then the Bee Gees borrowed it for  Odessa. Their harmonies are dazzling.<br />On a literal note, the majority of  the lyrics are nonsensical: `It took a thousand years to find out why  you'll never see my face again,' and `my brother is friendly for reasons if  I am the same just for four hundred seasons we all live in rain.' Matter  not. You'll sing them regardless. Odessa is a mushy and overblown sixty  minutes of beauty, tragedy and love.
0613027825|5.0|Lofty praise, indeed, but its unassuming tone taught me more about media (and humility in the face of its power) than months of struggling through McLuhan.
B00003CXAE|5.0|I wanted to see Grease because I was in love with Olivia Newton-John.  I watched it at a friend's house and loved it all the way through.  Great music and great scenes all the way through.  Who could forget the race at  Thunder Road and the dance off?  Of course, the really big scene that  stands out in my mind is when Olivia walks up in the skin tight black  jeans.  What a knockout.  The first type of video player I ever owned was  the old SelectaVision videodisks that were popular in the early eighties  and Grease was one of the first movies I ever owned.  I've probably never  watched-with the exception of Star Wars-a movie as many times as I've  watched Grease. I'm guessing that I've probably watched it about 50 to 60  times all the way through. I can't imagine anyone not liking it.
B000000WA4|5.0|This is a terrific CD.  The *five* released singles are all great, and unlike anything else at the time: &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot;, &quot;Zero&quot;, &quot;Bullet with Butterfly Wings&quot;,  &quot;Thirty-Three&quot;, and &quot;1979.&quot;  Which is reason enough to  buy the album.  And most of the other songs, esp. on the first side, aren't  filler, they're also amazing material.  This is probably Billy Corgan's  best work, although Siamese Dream is also a great album - these are two of  the best albums of the 90's.  Corgan's voice isn't &quot;great&quot; by the  usual standard, but it's interesting and unique - just like the songs.
B000002C1X|5.0|Only special albums are bothered to be remastered. This happens to be inthat bunch of special albums. I felt like giving a really in-depth review of this album, so here goes.<br />So the listener pops DISC I in his/her CD  player, expecting something OK.  But it's not OK.  The first 17 seconds are  a very low volume intro that is the tune of the last song on the album  (OUTSIDE THE WALL).  (BY THE WAY, IT SEEMS THAT IF YOU TURN THE VOLUME UP  ALL THE WAY AND LISTEN CLOSELY RIGHT WHEN YOU START THE ALBUM , IT SEEMS AS  IF SOMEBODY IS TRYING TO SAY SOMETHING.  THE SAME GOES WITH THE END OF THE  ALBUM, WITH SOMEBODY TRYING TO SAY SOMETHING RIGHT BEFORE THE ALBUM  ENDS.)<br />SO THE LISTENER TURNS THE VOLUME UP, SUSPICIOUS OF SOMETHING WRONG  WITH THE ALBUM.  INSTEAD HE CAN HEAR A FAINT MELODY WITH SOME GIRLS  SINGING.  NEXT THING HE KNOWS, (AT THE 17 SECOND MARK) THE SONG &quot;IN  THE FLESH?&quot; BLARES IN HIS EARS, AND AT THE LEVEL OF VOLUME HE IS AT,  IT KINDA HURTS HIS EARS.  HE TURNS THE VOLUME DOWN IMMEDIATELY, AND THEN  NOTICES HE ENJOYS WHAT HE HEARS. (BRICK I, HAPPIEST DAYS, BRICK II, AND  MOTHER, YOUNG LUST) HE LIKED WHAT HE HEARD SO MUCH HE WENT RIGHT ON TO THE  2ND ALBUM. BUY THIS ALBUM AND YOU WILL BE VERY HAPPY TOO.<br />JUST DON'T TURN  THE VOLUME ALL THE WAY UP AT THE BEGINNING.  WAIT 17 SECONDS.
0452279488|5.0|I listened to the audio version. I found the 'Lover Letter' thoroughly enjoyable.The writer's style draws you into the story.You experience the lives of the individuals in the classic New Enland resort town. It was easy  to invision the hot weather,the little bookshop and the letter found  without an envelope and addressed to no one. It was a great little story.  It kept my interest  right to the end.
B00000163G|5.0|When i first got introduced to rap,2pac's all eyez on me was the first rap cd i bought and to be honest with you it blew my mind.The way 2pac raps on this cd, gives you an outlook on how he saw things,the way life is and his  words &quot;too powerful to comprehend&quot;.All i can say is,listen to  it,don't hear it.Nuff Said!
B000003B6J|5.0|This album has rocked the rap game like no other albums. This will remain a classic be it one decade or one century later. Every track is slamming and the lyrical contents are so ruthless that it will make your mind spin.  This is definitely not for the easy-to-offend. Gangsta gangsta...how you do  it?
B000021Y74|5.0|Ok, I'm not going to waste your time, You know the plot, boyfriend loses 100,000 dollars and must replace it in 20 mins, and the only one that can help him is his gal LOLA.  What you don't know is that this flick is one of  the best of the year. I have been searching for movies like this for years.  This flick is one where the action truly does not stop. The plot is very  good, and moves so rapidly that it's sometimes blinding to keep up with the  subtitles.  Most of all I think this flick will impress many because of the  balance it attains in all things.  It's got a great soundtrack, good stars  (Lola is pretty cute), and great plot to keep you hooked and it's visually  stunning.  That and the fact that an old buddy of mine Karol Chareza has a  part in the flick, he's the guy with the sunglasses that is in the  passenger seat of the totalled white bmw! WAY TO GO! GUY RIGHT ON ! Sorry  had to say it. Now back to the movie.  I rented this flick on a whim, I  read the back of the box and it sounded quite interesting, even though I've  never heard it before.  I've been wrong on my instincts before, but I've  never been more right than this one.  I hope to one day accomplish the feat  that has been created through this movie, a high energy movie that can  relate to anyone and jumps across many cultural barriers in the process.   This is the best foreign movie of the year, hands down. Action packed,  hilarious, and downright rockin ! Do yourself a favor and pick this one up  as soon as possible ! YOu won't regret it ! <br />Lates,    Rajah Dolemite!  PS: Way to go Karol ! You're going to be a superstar! Shoutout to Donnie  Garbs!
0060245867|4.0|I think this book is very well written and different from the normal fairy tale type of children's books that are popular today.  Though the story was short I think it is very good for a child to start off reading with.  The  illustrations were well drawn and adorable.  I loved this book as a child  and I'm sure many other children will love it also.
B000007T1M|5.0|I think that these Armenians from L.A. are getting the message across that the genocide of 1.5 million armenians did happen there are songs in the c.d. there a definite meassage coming across that he is for his counry.
B00000K19E|5.0|There have been a few movies that I have no problem watching over again within a relatively short time span.  This undoubtedly is one of the top members of this set.  If you haven't seen it ... see it.  Do yourself a  favor though and wait until you have a chance to watch it in digital  surrond, hi-res large screen, and crank it up!
B00000K31V|4.0|Wow! This has to be one of the strangest flicks ever. If you thought that &quot;Matrix&quot; could get into your head, wait until you plug your spinal cord into the neural game reality bending world of eXistenZ. The  question becomes...when does the game begin and when does it end. <br />The  acting in this movie was just okay which accounts for the 4 stars. But the  concept of this film is what carries you away. Starts innocently  enough...computor game focus group plugging into a new reality game. But  then everything goes soooo wrong. Not even Mr. Right is what he seems, or  is he? Okay, read this review after you see the flick and it will make  better sense. Meanwhile, sit back and enjoy your two headed reptile  birthday banquet. Yummy! <br />p.s. look out for what must be a Cronenberg  inside joke of a computor reality game being sold over the counter...a new  reality game about &quot;Highway Accidents&quot;...had to be a plug for  &quot;Crash&quot;, right?
B00003CXDD|5.0|This movie is sincerely a great movie for anyone. Whether it is a family or a teenager, I feel that they could enjoy it. This movie is full of adventure and excitement, and of course comic relief. It has something for  everyone. I really hope that the company will re release this on DVD  because i feel that everyone should be able to enjoy it.
0887306101|5.0|You read this book not to learn technical patterns or techniques that work.  Actually, many of the traders interviewed have opposing views on some techniques.  Some say one method won't work and another trader in the  book uses that method and is making a killing.<br />No, you read this book to  realize several things about yourself.  If you want to make a success, you  will have to work at it and stay committed.  There is no way around it.   Sometimes things will be difficult. Learn from your mistakes and learn that  your biggest enemies are emotions and, in some cases, lack of knowledge.   One common trait I see in this book is that the traders make it perfectly  clear they have self-discipline.  Some techniques are common between the  traders, and they involve controlling their emotions after bad streaks or  winning streaks.
6302467861|1.0|Very disappointing!  It was more like a still picture collection rather than a video.  I was looking forward to sharing the Video with my daughter the one I saw as a child. This was a different version with little to no  animation.
B00000K19E|5.0|A superb movie, one that I can watch over and over again. I play it on my computer and, unfortunately, the PC Friendly software that is provided is the pits. The one that comes with my computer is much better. Fantastic  movie though. Very, very impressive.
B000002MIY|5.0|Initially, I bought this CD only because I loved the song &quot;Tomorrow's Girls&quot;. But after listening to this CD many, many times, the rest of the songs really grew on me. Donald Fagen has done an awesome job of  blending jazz with pop, with a little bit of a Steely Dan sound thrown in,  too. In fact, I probably would not have paid much attention to this album  were it not for the fact that I'm a big Steely Dan fan. All of the songs on  this album are simply excellent, especially &quot;Florida Room&quot;,  &quot;On the Dunes&quot;, &quot;Trans-Island Skyway&quot;, and, of course,  &quot;Tomorrow's Girls&quot;. If you appreciate fine music, do yourself a  big favor and get this album-it's really cool! It's much better than a lot  of the new music out there.
B000002E5J|5.0|Una de los mejores albunes de Shakira. Shakira es increiblemente talentosa! Una compositora a todo dar! Tatiana
0792151712|3.0|I must have been among the last 1% of the population to see this movie, having only seen it for the first time a few months ago on DVD.  The special effects are impressive and the movie does succeed at capturing the magnitude of the catastrophy.  That said, I'm at a loss to explain how this movie became the mega hit that it was.  Cameron does a fine enough job creating a tale that blends fact with fiction, except that I just didn't find the whole love story all that compelling, much less plausible.  The movie's success is certainly a testament to the combined power had by all the 15-year-old girls in the world.
B000001FXV|5.0|Buy it and you can't help but bob your head. It makes you want to dance sideways.
B00001QEE2|1.0|A painful squirm compared to classic mythology. Hercules is a failure to the end, opposite to everything the myth teaches, except the for the notorious muscles. sorri but this disney is no classic.
B000001FHV|5.0|Listening to this album, you'll understand why the Meat Puppets have outlasted all of their puny &quot;grunge&quot; imitators. Curt Kirkwood is one of the only guitar heroes to come out of the nineties. Go out and buy  it now! You won't regret it!
B00001QEE2|1.0|A painful squirm compared to classic mythology. Hercules is a failure to the end, opposite to everything the myth teaches, except the for the notorious muscles. sorri but this disney is no classic.
0553212478|5.0|This is a wonderful piece of literature, both moving and morally powerful. Frakenstein and his creation each moved me to sympathy and contempt, and I was left torn between caring for and loathing them at the same time.  Without question this tale is worthy of its status as a classic, and is  infinitely superior to the flat and superficial &quot;Dracula&quot;, a work  it is often classified with, though I feel it is a far more meaningful  work. If you haven't read &quot;Frankenstein&quot; you owe it to yourself  to do so--you won't be disappointed.
6302415993|5.0|The famous Chicago Blues Band of the Sixties smashed their best work into this movie! The sound  and songs are powerful and the culmination of the audience at Altamont was gripping. The movie also includes performances  from Jefferson Airplane and Ike &amp; Tina Turner. Pivital.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Boy did some people really miss the boat on &quot;The Fight Club.&quot; There are always going to be people in the world who claim that they don't like a movie  because of its violent content. After all, that's what turned  so many people off about &quot;Natural Born Killers.&quot; Still, there are  people who really out there who really appreciate movies and look past all  the violence and see the point of the film. &quot;Fight Club&quot; is just  like &quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; in that respect. Although  &quot;NBK&quot;&quot;~ was a great movie &quot;The Fight Club&quot; just  blew me away.&quot;~ Club&quot; is a very smart film that raises a lot of  different questions. The opening half an hour deals with Ed Norton's  character, a man so frustrated with everyday consumer life that he resorts  to attending cancer rehabilitation clinics just to get some peace. He meets  Brad pitt on a business trip and the two hit off.&quot;~&quot;~ in my  opinion but that's just a small complaint. Ever since &quot;the Usual  Suspects&quot;, Hollywood seems to be feeling the need to throw in these  great surprise endings. &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot; is a mediocre movie  with a great ending, &quot;The Fight Club&quot; is a great movie with a  mediocre ending.&quot;~ one of those cutting edge movies from the 70's.  It's as shocking as Taxi Driver was in its day and every bit as good.
B000006JQ5|5.0|&quot;That's it! So, Maiden released a new album called &quot;Best Of The Beast&quot;. What's it? Of Course, it's the best of Maiden. EVERY fan must buy it. It doesn't really matter if you haven't &quot;Piece Of Mind&quot;  or &quot;Somewhere in Time&quot;, but this album is a MUST of any Maiden  fan.
B00000K19E|5.0|I watched this movie over 15 times, 5 on vhs and 10 on DVD(much better, yet my decision is totally biased, cause DVD is so cool) and i never got tired of it, it took me 2 tries to fully understand it but the special  effects and action sequences were the best ever, and when you see keenu  reeves walk through the metal detector with 22 guns strapped to his body it  somehow makes the whole movie worth it.
0131103628|5.0|This book (widely known as K&amp;R, after the authors' initials) has for over twenty years been the best way to learn C.  When I got this book in 1980, I had access to a Unix system and worked through much of the tutorial  material in it.  On the way I learnt a great deal, not just about C, but  about good programming style, code reuse, the value of clear comments--in  short, I was introduced to the skill set of an experienced computer  professional.<br />The book was a trendsetter in several ways.  For example,  the very first exercise given is to print &quot;hello, world&quot;; this is  now seen as the first exercise in innumerable other, more recent books,  many of which may not realize that they are borrowing from K&amp;R.  The  rest of chapter 1 (there's a chapter 0, an introduction; another geek-cool  change which has been widely copied) is a tutorial that takes you through  assignment statements, data types, if/else, for, while, printf, function  definitions, arrays, and variable scoping, in less than 30 pages.  If you  work your way through the embedded exercises you'll have written utilities  to strip tabs, reverse input by lines, strip trailing whitespace from  input, and several others.  This is much more challenging than most  tutorials, but the effect on the student is that you feel you are being  treated as an equal.  The book doesn't talk down to you; it gives you  accurate and concise answers.  It's written for programmers, in other  words.<br />The next few chapters go back over the elements of C in more  detail, and should also be treated as a tutorial.  Going through this  material religiously will be far more valuable than any college class could  possibly be.<br />There is a reference section at the back, which is good to  have.  But the real value of this book is in the tutorial approach: it is a  rare pleasure in the computing field to find a book that is simultaneously  clear, stimulating and informative.
0399134204|4.0|I thought the Joy Luck Club was a decent book. It was a bit confusing at times because you forget who's who sometimes but other than that it had some interesting parts in it. The mothers and daughters go through a lot of  difficult times. Each mother and daughter have their own stories which make  the book a little more interesting. If all the stories were lumped  together, I don't know if I would call it a decent book. It has a lot of  situations in which many people can relate to. It allows people of  different cultures to appreciate how the daughters feel about their mothers  and also the other way around. Overall this book was decent. It's not a  book that I would personally recommend to people but having read it, I  think it was an enjoyable book.As a matter of fact I think I will give it 4  stars instead of 3.
B00000J6AG|4.0|I just got the new Moby CD, and it's more inovative than I thought it was going to be.  The patterns and beats change from song to song keeping it from seeming too repetative. However, there are some weak points in the CD.  At some points some of the songs seem a little thin, as it is hard to put  out 18 good solid songs.  I would have rather seen him put out 12 or so  songs that were more concentrated and solid than a few great songs, mostly  descent songs, and a couple that just plain lack.  I would have also liked  to see some more instruments used within a song.  I mean if you're gonna  over dub and mix like he does, I think you should have a wide arrangment of  instruments/noises in a song instead of one or two sounds in a song.  Let  me put it this way, a full orchestra sounds better than a violin, a snare  drummer, and a flute.  Not too say this is a bad CD at all, it's great.  The flows are smooth and the rythms kickin'.  I would suggest buying this  CD.
6305470464|4.0|&quot;Playing By Heart&quot; was such a lovely movie experience, but surely not well known about, which is a shame.  It is a story for anyone who has ever been in love or hopes to be in love in the future, a joy to  any romantic.  The film centers itself around five storylines that are  cleverly woven together, and deal with every stage a relationship goes  through, so it is enjoyable for young and old.  The resolution of this  movie is touching and thoughtful, making your heart feel full.  Excellent  performances by the entire ensemble cast, however, Angelina Jolie shines  like a new diamond in her role as Joan.
B000000W5B|4.0|This is definatly one of the Stones most underated albums. Sure it's a slight step down from the phenomenal peak of Beggar's Banquet to Exile On Main Street, but what group can keep up (much less reach) that level of  excellence. Still, this album has everything; the bluesy groove of  &quot;Silver Train&quot;, the pyschedelia of &quot;Can You Hear The  Music&quot;, the funky &quot;Heartbreaker&quot;, the raw and nasty rock of  &quot;Star Star&quot; and gorgeous ballads such as &quot;Angie&quot; and  &quot;Winter&quot; (the later sounds like a long lost Van Morrison  classic). Keith Richards &quot;Coming Down Again&quot; is in my opinion the  best song he ever sang, - even if it is just a junkie lament - the song  actually sounds like a warm rush. Only &quot;Dancing With Mr. D&quot; comes  off a little lame, but only a little. If you read reviews written about  this album, the biggest complaint is that the Stones sound tired. Well, to  some extent that's true, but it's what gives the album it's  &quot;ambience&quot;, not totally unlike the tired groove of Exile On Main  Street or Sticky Fingers. So if your looking for peppy music, well, there's  always Wham or something. Anyway, I thoroughly recommend getting this album  if your into the Stones, infact, get all their albums up to and including  Tattoo You, after that ... get some Beatles albums.
B00000ADG2|3.0|I know that Lauryn is a good rapper and some of the songs are cool, but overall it is kinda boring and just blah.  I liked Doo Woop (That Thing).  To Zion was a outstanding song and I like how Carlos Santana did the guitar  for the song.  It was ok.  Not earth shattering like Third Eye Blind's  &quot;Blue&quot;
B000002UB3|5.0|Quite simply one of the best rock albums of all time.  All 4 members were in great form on the recording.  Lennons &quot;Come Together&quot; ranks as one of the groups best.  The 2nd half tidbits of songs showcase McCartneys  brilliance. Only Ringo can do a song like &quot;Octopus's Garden&quot; and  pull it of with a smile.  And of course this was Harrisons finest hour with  the group. (&quot;Here Comes The Sun&quot; and &quot;Something&quot;)  You  just can't argue musical genius.  And on this recording we get a peek at  why they were the best..........
B000002HPT|5.0|to all who say this album is a failure: theres nothing wrong with taking your feet off from the distortion pedal. And, sometimes, its also good to make bass sound like a real bass, not like a bad amplified guitar. This  album is excellent, as the other DT albums. And my second favourite, beside  &quot;Metropolis part II&quot;.
B00003CWPR|1.0|This movie had an thought provoking premise. Imagine you find out your loving wife and mother of your daughter admits her lust for another man. Not only that she also tells you she would have left you for a chance at  that man. This film takes into one mans quest at finding absolution for his  mind. Sounds like an interesting story right? Wrong! The movie spends  unimaginable amounts of time with conversations that should have took  seconds. There was a noble attempt to give you those meaningful pauses for  dramatic effect. Unfortunately there were to many. As far as skin, there is  plenty but most(excluding the orgy) takes place in the first half hour to  try to get the average horndog hooked. The MPAA made them alter the only  scenes that could have saved this film. The only way I would buy this DVD  is if the International version was released. Rent it don't buy.
6304711875|1.0|This movie is very representative of the use of gratuitous violence by Hollywood for targeting people with a commercial product. Wes Craven himself said that cinema was another way for making money. I agree with  him, but in that case, does it mean that cinema became useless as a medium  of creativity and imagination? Teenagers are in a age where contestation is  a way of asserting their personality, this is normal, but Hollywood  producers are aware of that fact and insert gratuitous violence in that  contestation because they can make a lot of money. This commercial process  leads to movie like Scream where there is no plot, no acting, but a lot of  gore and violence used as meaning of expression. The characters in that  movie are very weak, are they really representative of the young generation  of the United-States ? or are they only caricatures of young people trying  to convince the real young people that in the USA the life of a student is  so delicious and violent ?
B00003A9QI|5.0|The soundtrack gave me goosebumps.  It truly captured the mood of the story in a melancholy, yet entrancing way. Rachel Portman has a gift for making you a part of the story with her music.
0553278398|5.0|I enjoyed the book immensely, but in a different way than I enjoyed the books that come later in the series.  This one was more character based, while the later books seem to me less so.  Overall, I truely enjoyed this  book, and I think that it's a shame Asimov couldn't have left us with to  his great saga.
B000003TA4|5.0|I jut got into Nirvana about a year ago, since I was young when Nirvana-mania happened. Now I'm obsessed, and if some how you haven't heard this album, You must go try it. All The songs are great, even the less  popular Stay Away is a great song, and Endless, Nameless is just crazy.  Plain and simple, get this album if you dont got it. And BTW - Kurt is GOD,  and Vedder Sucks
B000000OE7|5.0|I have never been a great Queen fan, but have always respected their music and in particular, the talent of Freddie Mercury.<br />However, after seeing a documentary on the band recently, I listened to this album which my  brother, a keen Queen fan, had recommended to me. <br />I have to say I found  it one of the most beautiful albums I have ever listened to, it contains  one of the best blends of Queen's musical range and talent. It is also  touching to think that this was recorded when Freddie Mercury was dying of  aids.<br />His condition shows through on the first two tracks, where his  heavy breathing and strained voice show that he was having to force the  sound out. He would have been in immense pain, as the other band members  have since confirmed.<br />It is a superb record, and as a casual listener of  Queen material, I am less likely to bestow praise without good reason! <br />A  recommended buy, for anyone who appreciates good music.
0800141806|5.0|Excellent movie, successful production, plus stars are super. This movie deserves more than five stars. Except that it is a bit too one-sided, too critic on the employers who fired the guy who was AIDS patient. Certainly  the rights of the sick should not be ignored, however most of those who  sympathizes with the AIDS patient would not act very different from the  callous-looking employers at all. Nevertheless, its aim is justice - glad  it was the sick man who won and he knew that he won in his deathbed. More  films like that please.
B00003CWPR|5.0|As with his other masterpieces, it takes several viewings to appreciate the genius of this work.  Every frame is composed like an old master.  The beautiful bodies in the orgy scenes are works of art in themselves.  Lovers of beauty are cautioned that leaving a still frame on your monitor for  several hours may cause burn-in. Would the scenes have been better without  the censor's hand over the naughty parts? Yes. But thats the price we pay  for living is such an uptight society. Any man that has ever been in a  relationship will immediately empathize with Cruise's charactor when he  says one little wrong word, and ticks off his wife... every thing he says  after that just gets him deeper in that hole.  This one scene alone is  worth the price of the movie. Kubrick is the first in my experience to hold  up the cinematic mirror and reflect this scene that each of us has played  in real life all too often. Whether you like the movie or not, watching it  with your spouse will improve your relationship... or end it!
1573225517|5.0|Any person who dislikes High Fidelity should have his or her head examined. This book is hilarious and touching.  It has not one single jot of pretense and never aspires to be a &quot;big&quot; novel. It is simply a  well-executed, highly original, intelligent book that will make anyone with  a brain and a heart laugh out loud.
B000002L7V|3.0|The most underrated voice in rock, a stickler for top production and surrounded by top-flight session players at all times, Dio basically can't put out a &quot;bad&quot; album. But there's a wide range between  &quot;pretty decent&quot; and &quot;superb&quot; and this is at the lowly  decent side of things. A couple of standout songs are lost in a sea of  keyboards and over-simplified radio-friendly riffing -- uncharacteriscally  upbeat drivel, but it still sounds good. Just little to get excited about.  The first two Dio albums are absolute classics of metal; Dream Evil is  among the best guitar-oriented albums of the late 80s as well. Recently  Dio's stylistic missteps have been to become too harsh and apocalyptic, but  in the mid 80s it was trying too hard to score radio hits. Hopefully with  Magica Dio is getting back to the Last In Line/Dream Evil style of which he  is the undisputed master. Not bad, but not essential. Non-fans who want to  check Dio out should start with Holy Diver, Dream Evil, Last In Line, or  one of the import collections. Also Rainbow Rising, Rainbow On Stage, and  Black Sabbath's Heaven and Hell...
B00003CWPQ|1.0|Kubrick treats this film as though he were making it 30 years ago when it might have been innovative, even provocative, but today's EWS is pretentious and almost adolescent in its simplistic approach to sexuality,  reality and perception.  Never one for subtle revelation, Kubrick employs  his usual technique of bludgeoning the viewer over the head with his  unenlightening message that insipid people who live unexamined lives don't  always know themselves or their lovers as well as they thought.   You can  tell that Kubrick put a tremendous amount of thought and planning into  every moment of this film- he orchestrated the life out of every scene-  there is no spontaneity, which is ironic, because it is a cruel and  spontaneous moment of personal exposure that starts our dull couple  plodding on their tedious journeys of self-discovery.  This film probably  could have been improved with a credible cast.  Cruise and Kidman just  don't have the scope and intensity to be convincing as two adults  struggling through an emotional ambush.  They say the words and go through  the motions with all the depth of two children playing house.  You do not  feel that their characters have learned anything or changed themselves-  there is no psychological movement going on that supports the story.   Kubrick has done outstanding work in the past and indisputably left his  mark on the art of film, but despite some pretty cinematography and  interesting music, this bland offering is Kubrick at his pretentious worst
078322902X|5.0|Even thought i'm not five years old, I have to admit I really liked this movie, because it was veyr much so sweet. Babe was the cutest pig with such a sweet heart! lol And I loved those singing mice... The movie was well  directed.. and the story was well written. My friends and I do watch this  film, I admit lol. And we love when the little Babe sings &quot;LAA LAA LAA  LAA LAAA&quot; It's really a sweet family movie, and even if you think your  too old for it, you'll end up liking it.
6305718954|1.0|The only thing scary about this movie is that people actually went to see it. Don't get me wrong; this movie was good on the basis of its story. However, slogans such as &quot;It will scare the hell into you,&quot;  theatrical trailers which show all the gruesome parts, and a media that  hypes it up to be a scary movie, all combine to make this film a flop that  is full of &quot;plotholes.&quot; The scenes in which Frankie Paige, played  by Patricia Arquette, is being attacked by the stigmata, are hardly scary  and are only convincing to a certain degree. The acting is pretty fair,  considering the fact that the setting is present day, and I'm sure no one  needed a dialogue coach for this. While watching this movie, one might ask  themself, &quot;Where's the missing pieces?&quot; Through the entire  picture, the story seems as though it's missing something, and I can't put  my finger on it exactly but if I did, I would have to wash it. This isn't a  scary movie at all, nor is it one I would recommend to those looking for a  solid story as it will most likely have you asking at the end, &quot;Is  that all?&quot;
6302194288|5.0|This film is truly outstanding. It's possible to even go so far as to call 'Vampyr' the last in the line of German cinema expressionist movies; evidence to suggest the influences of 'The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari' and  'Nosferatu' certainly abounds throughout. <br />    First things first; the  film has no tangible plot to follow except that the storyline is loosely  strung on a young man's attempt to fight vampirism in a small (Danish?)  town. While the lack of plot sounds bad in the abstract, there is so much  strength in the movie's other attributes that the issue of story structure  soon fades in the viewer's mind.      Imagery provides 'Vampyr' with its  rasion d'etre. One haunting, shadowy image segues into the next to make for  a horror experience that's far subtler than what Universal Studios was  starting to crank out at the time of this film's release. Director Carl  Dreyer apparently shot some of the scenes through gauze to enhance the  ghost-like wispiness of the sequences. <br />   The effect is utterly magical.  Combine that with kinks like reverse filming (man 'digging' the grave), an  eerie cello/clarinet-led score as well as a virtually absent dialogue and  you've got a film that addresses horror on a high level. <br />   It's  important to understand this as you watch, although the scenes are  consistently textured enough to remind you that you're trapped in a black  and white nightmare experience for the entire duration of the picture. The  film seems to become more ethereal every minute and by the time the  vampiric crone is done away with, the viewer has been through too harrowing  an affair to be able to see how a semi-happy ending can make those feelings  of disquiet ebb away.     It must be said that it took guts to produce this  film. 'Vampyr' breaks many conventions, including its [by then] out of  fashion clinging to the techniques and dogma of silent cinema when everyone  else was rushing forward to flourish in the new glory of sound. ButDreyer's film is also revolutionary against the conventions of film-making  in general. Even Weine's 'The Cabinet of Dr Caligari' didn't dare to be so  progressive as to do away with a storyline (its one is very complex, in  fact). What results is a work as bizarre in form as Dali's 'Un Chien  Andalou' and yet coherent and accessible through its ability to convey fear  in a language higher than the banal or everyday.<br />   Thankfully, the print  was transferred extremely well onto videotape by Timeless Video. It's just  unfortunate that the DVD has apparently failed so miserably in that  department. Old films need to be treated with a great deal more respect by  DVD and video companies. 'Metropolis' has suffered just as badly if not  more at the hands of insensitive corporate butchery. It's just too bad that  there aren't many video companies headed by people who genuinely care about  the nature of their bread and butter. The consequences are very sad indeed:  these are classic movies, not toys. Put it this way; would you just pick up  a 70 year-old pensioner and throw him any old way onto a.........         .........maybe that's a bad analogy but you get the idea. Hopefully, so  will they.
0780628551|1.0|What in the world is wrong with Hollywood these days? If this is what filmmaking is coming to, I'm afraid of what the future holds. There is nothing good to say about The Astronaut's Wife, except that it succeeds in  flopping majorly due to the emotionless acting and flat dialogue. Johnny  Depp with a southern accent? Please. Another aspect to look at is the  absence of chemistry between Depp and Charlize Theron. Not only do their  words have no meaning, but they sound forced and consigned. There is not  one scene in this movie that will convince you that these two people are  truly happily married. The emotional meaning in this film is about as  astounding as Johnny Depp's southern drawl. Don't get me wrong: this movie  could've been a brilliant cinema had the acting not totally sabotaged it to  nothing. The DVD is a winner, though, if you want to waste time and money  on this flopper.
0679746048|3.0|I guess my problem with this book is that I saw the movie first and decided to read it after I saw an interview with Winnona Ryder. While the movie is a continuous story that makes sense, this book is just bits and  pieces of Susanna Kaysen's 2-year stay in the mental hospital. I'm sure I  would have liked the story better if I had not seen the movie first and had  pre-conceived notions in my head regarding what the book would contain and  what it wouldn't. That said, it is still a good story and it makes you  laugh in some parts and feel terrible for these girls in other parts. It is  definitely worth reading.
0767817478|1.0|Sitting on my sofa two nights ago, I caught Godzilla on The Movie Channel. I decided to watch it, and realized soon after that it will be one decision I will regret for the rest of my days. Who went to the theater to see this?  And why? Special effects that weren't even well-crafted, a hokey-pokey plot  that lets viewers down at every turn, acting that totally bites the big  one, and the overall effect that this movie was made in the hopes that it  would gross mucho money. There was hardly anything surprising in this film,  the special effects were horribly done. Every lizard, while supposed to  have a scary feel, always looks computer generated, and should only scare  the computer animators. The acting is flat and lifeless, which seems to be  what wins over most audiences these days. A big Hollywood no-no by all  accounts.
6304385668|4.0|This film is brilliantly acted, Rickman a very covincing Dev, and Nesson brilliant as the mercurial Collins.Only one problem I wish it was not so inacurate, Ned Broy was not killed he went on to be Garda Commissioner; and  Harry Boland was not chased through the  Dublin sewers, he was killed in an  Hotel in Howth.Having said that the film was enjoyable and beautifully  shot.
B000002UAU|5.0|Nobody has to tell you about Sgt.Pepper's influence,its the Citizen Kane of pop music.But as far as the greatest Beatles album of all time,Revolver takes that title.Any way you look at it Sgt.Pepper is the hieght of their  studio work,where songs like Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds,Mr Kite,and of  course A Day In The Life will silence anyone who rip on The Beatles.From  the start SPLHCB was Paul McCartney's brainchild,where he created a  fictitios rock band to move away from being &quot;The Beatles&quot;.The  title track(in a brilliant medley with Ringo's singing spotWith a Little  Help From My Friends),Getting Better,and When I'm 64 shows Paul versitility  with different styles of music with extraordinary results.Within  You,Without You is George Harrison's best Raga song of the trio he recorded  with the group(Love You To&lt;Revolver&gt; &amp;The Inner Light&lt;the  B-side of Lady Madonna&gt; rounds them out).Unfortunatly,Pepper has been  labeled a psychedelic album.Although chemical consumption was one of the  factors in making this album,Magical Mystery Tour was their real foray into  psychedelic music.One of my many gripes about Pepper are the  rip-offs that  followed(Her Satanic Majesties Request,After Bathing at Baxter's)as well as  that 1978 turkey of a movie.But like anything else in art,the more imitated  and ripped off,the greater the art.
B000000OQF|5.0|I am actually new to listening to guns n' roses, and had never really been in to heavy metal.But this, this is some of the best stuff i've listened to, and haven't stopped.What really caught my attention of this band is  Axl's wonderfull voice and the guitars Even if you hate Metal, you'll love  this
B000000WA4|5.0|As any music lover knows double albums usually have enough quality material to make a better single album.Since CD playing time can allot for 75+ minutes,double CDs can border on overkill.MCATIS is one exception(as  well as The Fragile and All Eyez On Me),becaues every song stands up on  it's own terms.Billy Corgan ability to balance hard rock and soft musing is  amazing.From the Wagnerian string sweeps of Tonight,Tonight to the  blistering Tales of Scorched Earth,as well as the hard rockers, (Zero and  Bullet With Butterfly Wings)pop stylings(1979,Lily,By Starlight)this album  never slips for one minute.Whats more amazing is the albums ability to go  from wistful(Cupid de Locke,33)to even goofy(We Only Come Out At Night).The  album closes with the beatiful,open ended Farwell,Goodnight which after  listening to the final notes,you want to give it up for Billy Corgan.Later  albums may have strictly focused on the hard rock(Machina/Machines of God)  and the soft lilting(Adore),but this is where both co-exist in one  beautiful whole.
B000002KXO|4.0|Between Lindsey Buckingham and Christine McVie, this record shows the most familiar front-line of this enduring band at their best. Very few other records (Rumours, and possibly the white Fleetwood Mac album) can compare.  I refer the new listener to tracks #1, #7, and #9. Let us not forget Stevie  Nicks, whose &quot;leftover&quot; tracks from her first solo album are  incredible. &quot;Gypsy&quot; remains a classic, not merely because of Ms.  Nicks' delivery and performance, but because Lindsey Buckingham played a  guitar solo worthy of Clapton and Santana, both. One wonders how he did it.  Not all the songs are instant classics, but all are worthwhile.
6305165912|5.0|I have seen this movie more than any other in my collection (tied with Die Hard.. actually)and it seems to get funnier every time. (which I thought would be near impossible because I was rolling in the isles the first time.  Everything about it is exceptional. The cast are all pure gold, the  dialouge is to-die-for. If only we were all more like &quot;the Dude&quot;  the world would be a much happier and cleaner place. (at least our rugs  would be clean)
0792152328|1.0|Here's my advice: If you like this movie get help very fast. It was so dumb I couldn't stand it. I would have rated it a 0 but amazn wouldn't let me. My favorite T- shirt is &quot;The Boat sank, Get Over It&quot; Don't  buy this piece of trash.
0783229526|5.0|The last thing I expected with this film (after hearing comments from critics and audiences) was hilarious comedy and a highly entertaining look at the 70's Vegas drug scene, but thats what I got. Depp and Del Toro are  Fantastic as the Drugged up wacko's searching for the American Dream.  Highlights are the Car scene (with a cameo by Tobey Maguire) where Depp has  an incedent with some bats, and the Bathroom scene where Del Toro wants  Depp to Kill him. (this scene is a highlight because of the brilliant WHITE  RABBIT)
6305558167|5.0|Let me start by saying that this is a five star movie and hands down the best adoption of the story produced on film.  But, the DVD version is very disappointing.  The picture quality desperately needs to be cleaned up and  for all intent and purposes the sound quality is 2 channel stereo at best  with little to no strong bass presence, even though the DVD says 5.1.   Also, the rear speakers hardly ever get involved.  Considering how great  the sound effect were in the theater, it's a shame they couldn't clean it  up for DVD.
0141301066|5.0|This book is about a very intelligent girl called Matilda and how she saves her teacher, Miss Honey from the head mistress, Miss Trunchbull who is her aunt.  Miss Honey is surprised by Matilda who can read and write in first class.  Matilda  can do a very magic thing she can lift anything up  by wishing or by looking at it for two or three minutes. This book was very  exciting and I enjoyed reading it very much.
B00003CWPQ|1.0|This movie was truly horrible.  What a waste of almost three hours
0141301066|5.0|Matilda is a book about an extraordinary child, who lived with her family. Matilda's  dad cheated in everything. When Matilda was 2 she learned to take care of herself. Matilda's parents were always busy. Matilda went to the library everyday. I enjoyed Matilda very  much. It is a sad but funny  story. I like Matilda because she is funny and kind. She is very  intelligent.
6302194296|5.0|Nosferatu is with out words the best silent film there is! Eerie, frightning, and being silent makes it even cooler! This original 1922 German film set the standards for every monster movie to come!
B00003CWPR|1.0|This is one of the worst films I have ever seen! With no emphasis on plot or characterisation whatsoever! Cruise prefers to reveal his character's emotional turmoil  through twitching and Kidman is useless in her too brief  role in the film! There is but one word to say for Kubrick's final piece-  dire!
B000000WA4|5.0|I think Cagon pretty much sums up the alblum with a statment in the song Zero, &quot;I'm in love with my sadness.&quot;  And he is.  Mellon Collie and The Infinite Sadness is a journey through the self proclaimed troubled  soul of lead singer and song writer Billy Cagon, and is the most brilliant  thing I have listened to as of yet.  The first track of the Dawn to Dusk Cd  and the last track of the second, Twilight to Starlight are both emotional  piano pieces, the second of which features all in the band (at the time)  singing a lullybye song, with the classic Pumpkins twist.  Highlight tracks  include the fast paced Jellybelly, the thriller Zero (a natural classic  pumpkins song), the mellow but heavy Bullet with Butterfly wings, and off  the second cd, the calm Thrity three, the moving 1979, and, my personal  favorite off Twilight to Starlight, Stumbeline, a calm moving piece, a sort  of combination of the other two.  In all a majestic, fast paced, deep  alblum, which unlike many others today, actually says something.  5 stars  period.
B000000WCA|3.0|Give me Lee Aaron any day over the very slimmed- down Fab Five, but back in '96 it was hard to escape the sounds of &quot;Wannabe&quot; whenever you went out to a club anywhere in your local nightstrip. Songs such as  &quot;Who Do You Think You Are?&quot; ,&quot;Say You'll Be There&quot; and  the aforementioned worldwide hit that started it all made this album the  teenybopper equivalent to &quot;Appetite For Destruction&quot; with the  right sort of attitude (but minus the heavy guitars, naturally...). Even  the ballad &quot;Two Become One&quot; can almost move me to tears with its  haunting orchestral background. &quot;Mama&quot;, on the other hand, is  sappy dreck. True, they helped to ruin music for the next few years with  the numerous clones that followed them (I'm looking in your direction, S  Club 7...), but you'd prefer Everclear over this?...
6303109950|5.0|I consider this the best rendition of the O.K. Corral gunfight.  It's highly visually accurate, western buffs will spot a lot of attention to detail.  The movie manages to capture the extraordinary circumstances of  Wyatt Earp while not mythologizing him.  There are top notch performances  by all the major players, Val Kilmer may even partially steal the movie as  'Doc' Holliday.  Although the movie greatly telescopes time you still  retain the sense of the steadily building tensions which led to the famous  confrontation.  Of all the OK Corral movies this is the only one where the  two main actors are close to the ages of Earp and Holliday and the only one  where Doc Holliday's Southern manner and background are displayed.
B0000024JA|5.0|Not only is it my fav. wu album of all time it is also my favorite cd of any genre of all time and Meth IS! truely the best rapper 2 date, pick up this album and you WILL NOT be disapointed trust me
B000002AGE|5.0|If you are a bassist and want to listen to a recording that you may learn something from, this is it. Listen to any of thier other recordings with Jaco, like 8:30. Anyway, besides liking the music (I'm not going to write a  totally opinion based review like that guy that gave it 1 star)I feel that  this recording has great musical value and any musician that listens to it  will benifit from it.
B00001QGPS|4.0|I bought this album &amp; expected it to be better than Tical but fell short cause RZA barely did any production but reguardless this album is tight and any true hip hop fan should pick it up
B00000DHZJ|5.0|The man is a legend and this album includes some of his finest work ever. From his brilliant take on Billy Roberts' &quot;Hey Joe&quot; to his definitive use of the wah-wah pedal on &quot;Voodoo Child (Slight  Return)&quot; this is an album of brilliance. Hendrix's influences are  clearly shown on the brilliant &quot;Red House&quot; as he shows he can  write a blues tune to the standard of his heroes and the beautiful  &quot;Angel&quot; shows Jimi at his emotive best. For anyone with music  taste this is a must buy.
B000002WPI|5.0|every song on the cd is a classic I just pop the cd in and play through and every one I showed the cd to bought it and if your reading this thinking if you should buy it I just want to say YES! YES! YESSSSSS! you  will not be sorry you did!
0440219078|4.0|Lois Lowry has created a book about the future. Lowry had created a whole new world for her readers; the world &quot;Sameness&quot;; a world where no one can be hurted--except for the Receiver. The Receiver has to hold onto  all of the memories from the past: all the wars + all the bloodshed. But  the Receiver also holds onto all the joys which the community gave up for  &quot;Sameness&quot;. When Jonas is chosen to be the next Receiver, his  &quot;normal&quot; world is turned up side down. When Jonas leaves the  community with Gabriel, he makes a hard decision. In this wonderful book,  Lois Lowry creates a world where everything is safe. I really enjoyed this  book, and I would recommend it to anyone of any age (17)<br />PS:Servus Wunsch
0380796090|2.0|I'm sorry but I just couldn't read through it.  I thought it was dry and boring and depressing.  There were a few parts that were ok, but overall it didn't do much for me.
0440219078|5.0|This is a absolutly fasinating great wonderful spectacular and intelligent book (isn't it unbelievable Sally? ;).That book should be read and loved by everyone. I read quite a few of the reviews, and was appaled! To think that someone could say that one should save their money and read a classic is  HORRIFIC(how silly are they?  ;). This book by some is considered a  classic. This book leaves a lasting and godly impression. This book was an  insight to another culture, real or not, and that is very very very very  valuable. I am in 10th grade and just read &quot;The Giver&quot; for the  second time. I could probaly read this book fifty times and still discover  new things(which makes it if possible--even better ;), as I probably will.  <br />PS: Cu in class Mr.Wunsch
B0000027RL|5.0|I am a 45 year old music fan.  When TEN was released I was relieved.  Real rock music with real meaning and real talent was back. The 80's almost kiled rock music. The guitars of Stone and Mike carry the influences of  classic guitarists from the past while adding their own style to the mix.   The passion and sound of Eddie Vedder recalls the sounds of Daltry and  Plant and the classic singers from the days when rock music was really rock  music and not a bunch of corporate commercialized bull.  This is an  excellent album!
0440219078|5.0|This is a absolutly fasinating great wonderful spectacular andintelligent book. That book should be read and loved by everyone. I read quite a few of the reviews, and was appaled! To think that  someone could say that one should save their money and read a classic is  HORRIFIC(how silly are they?  ;). This book by some is considered a  classic. This book leaves a lasting and godly impression. This book was an  insight to another culture, real or not, and that is very very very very  valuable. I am in 10th grade and just read &quot;The Giver&quot; for the  second time. I could probaly read this book fifty times and still discover  new things(which makes it if possible--even better ;), as I probably will.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Kubrick's enigmatic final film stands beyond criticism and far, far above the perceptions and misperceptions of his audience.  I remember the controversies caused by &quot;Clockwork Orange&quot; and &quot;Barry  Lyndon&quot;.  Does Kubrick really owe us the linear-narrative, tidily  resolved plots we chew up like popcorn from other filmmakers?  The answer  is emphatically &quot;NO!&quot;.  Shakespeare's Hamlet said it best:   &quot;for the play, I remember, pleased not the million; 'twas caviare to  the general:  but it was--as I received it, and others, whose judgments in  such matters cried in the top of mine--an excellent play&quot;.  Apologies  (or not) to those who find Kubrick &quot;slow&quot; and &quot;boring&quot;  -- you must take another look.  But hey!  If all I filled my head with was  MTV pop-candy, a Mozart opera might prove a bit daunting, even slow and  boring.  EYES WIDE SHUT takes a rare journey into REAL terror -- a  soul-shaking nightmare of modern life with all the attendant paranoias,  delusions and temptations.  Bravos to Cruise-Kidman who easily surpass  their earlier work.  To Kubrick: I am on my knees in awe and admiration.   You've delivered a masterpiece.  Thank you.
6305810109|5.0|I have never seen a film that captured it's audience so fully and completely.  When movies end and the credits begin, what happens?  People get up and leave.  Sure a few people will stay behind and read the  credits.... But when I had the honor of seeing The Straight Story, noone  stirred.  Noone moved.  It was as if we all waited, hoping to get one last  glimpse of this beautifully simple and honest man.  It was as if we stayed  to hear the beautiful score for one more second, the story would be retold  and our lives would be sweet again.  This film is simply glorious.
B00003CWPR|4.0|A sexy film? No.  An exciting film? No. A good film? Definitely. I think that all people can agree that Eyes Wide Shut is not what they were expecting.  The biggest mistake is wanting this film to be titillating or  erotic.  The pace is slow and deliberate, and the majority of the action is  Tom Cruise walking.  He passes through other peoples lives as an  observer,or more aptly, a sleepwalker. He is a man who's foundation has  been uprooted, when he learns that his wife has an inner fantasy life he  has never been privy to.  Shaken by this, he drifts in and out of other's  eroticism while never participating. A dreamlike sense of nostalgia  pervades the story, and it strongly recalls the bar-sequence in The  Shining. A sense of &quot;Is this happening?&quot;<br />One note: The digital  people are obvious and distracting, and it is too bad that American  audiences are at the mercy of censors.  I realize that the additions were  OK'd by Kubrick, but it definitely lessons the impact of the film. I can  not help but remember the fig leaves painted over the genitalia of  pre-renaissance paintings, and the painstaking efforts it has taken to  remove them centuries later.
0876855575|5.0|This book told it all.  I have a deep and smoldering affection for Charles Bukowski and his work, all because of THIS BOOK.  I don't recommend Hank to anyone because he is addictive as heroin.  You'll hate him to death and  need to read more.
B00000AFGM|3.0|Marilyn Manson, misaligned man of malice and malignant music...he's not great, he's not goth, he's not glam...but is he good? I guess. Oh...yeah, you heard me right. He's not goth, nor has he ever been goth, even when  they were once called The Spooky Kids. There's a difference between being a  poser halloween freak show and a real goth. Nonetheless, at least with the  Spooky Kids, their fixation on halloween it mimicked the Black Sabbath  aesthetic for harsh music and horrific imagery. All you idiots who think  that's goth need to put your head in a guillotine and listen to Joy  Division, The Cure, and Ikon for awhile. Anyway, that said, this album is  somewhat of a step up from &quot;Antichrist Superstar.&quot; The problem  with the last album was it was a ripoff of NIN's sound, and people seemed  to think it was shocking. Why the hell is it shocking? What is Manson doing  that NIN, Kiss, White Zombie, David Bowie, and Alice Cooper haven't done  anywhere from 5-30 years ago? &quot;Mechanical Animals&quot; beckons the  same question.Now instead of NIN, he's imitating David Bowie. The music,  while still NIN-ish in nature, also rings elements of Bowie's glam days as  Ziggy. Manson's been copying Bowie for quite some time already, but this is  even less subtle than before (not that it was subtle before either). Even  the cover threatens to imitate Bowie's &quot;Alladin Sane.&quot; Songs like  &quot;Rock is Dead,&quot; &quot;I Don't Like the Drugs (But the Drugs Like  Me),&quot; and &quot;Coma White&quot; do show some traces of Manson at  least sounding somewhat tolerable musically. Suffice to say that his music  is listenable and very unshocking (you fools need to get out more and look  at the true greats of good-yet-shocking music). Manson's not terrible, but  this album only helps to prove the point that he's not fantastic either.  I'm also willing to lay down a bet that Twiggy's gonna leave him soon too.  But that's another story. You a Manson fan? Fine...get thisalbum. Not a  fan? Then go buy something else. Don't waste your time trying to find  reasons to hate this. Just ignore it and let those who like it enjoy  themselves. We'd have less public-versus-record industry holy wars if we'd  all do that.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I'm giving it 9 stars for each member of the band. At first i was uncertain because i am unused to having a metal band having more than 4 or 5 members but it turned out nicely. The whole CD is solid. Execpt for  &quot;Frail Limb Nurcery&quot; which has been replaced by  &quot;MeInside&quot;.
B00000IAU3|4.0|The reason I say generally is because there are a couple of really cheesy songs on this CD.  But the ones that are good are REALLY good!  The first and last tracks blow me away.  Dido has a beautiful voice and her lyrics  are true and down to earth.  I would definitly recommend this CD to anyone,  and I look forward to hearing from her in the future.  She can only get  better.
6305268843|5.0|Waiting for DVD release before purchase. Come on guys
6304806469|5.0|Wonderful Disney film in a perfect WIDESCREEN DVD release.  Note to Disney Home Video:  PLEASE release all films in their original theatrical ratios like this!  Audio  quality of this DVD is excellent.
B0000032LS|5.0|It was 1976;my brother just got a copy of RHPS off a friend.I took one listen to it . . .and I had to have more.To the everlasting ire of my sibling,I wore out his copy and had to buy my own. Then,I saw the film and  I was a fan for life.Since then,I have heard every RHS Cast Album  imaginable;but,nothing comes close to perfection as the RHPS  soundtrack.with a top notch group of session men behind them,Curry and co  transport you to the good Dr Frank'n'Furter's castle and paints a vivid  picture of the events of that November evening.Tim Curry's numbers stand  out,but the rest of the cast gives it their all and sounds like they're  having fun doing it.Give yourself over to absolute pleasure with this  soundtrack.
B000000OA6|5.0|This album has got to be one of the most beautiful pieces of Queen's work.  It has so much depth and richness to it.  It has lots of different varieties of music, too.  I think my reason for loving this album so much  is that it's very poignant.  When I listen to &quot;The Show Must Go  On&quot; I just weep because I know how Freddie Mercury was in pain from  finding out that he was sick.  He sounds so strong and powerful in that  song, but you realize how weak he was.  I practically torture myself by  listening to it, but in a way I want to cry for him.  Phew!  Moving on!  I  think the song &quot;I'm Going Slightly Mad&quot; is a really cool song and  a little funny.  In a few ways it sounds like Freddie is enjoying the fact  that he's going mad.  I also like the song &quot;Headlong&quot; which has  a catchy beat and good lyrics.  Then there's &quot;I Can't Live With  You&quot; which almost anyone can agree with.  &quot;Don't Try So  Hard&quot; is truly a beautiful song.  Freddie's voice sounds so soft and  touching that it makes you want to cry.  I don't think I need to tell you  how much I adore &quot;These Are the Days of Our Lives.&quot;  It is a  lovely song.  That's another one that can make me break down.  When I hear  it, it makes me go through flashbacks of his life.  Probably my very  favorite from the album would have to be of course &quot;The Show Must Go  On.&quot;  Real shocker, right?  I think my main reason would have to be  that it really touches me when I hear it.  My goodness--&quot;Delilah&quot;  could probably even make me cry!  I'm terribly sorry if this has depressed  anyone by reading this review, but I think that anyone who has this album  would feel the same way.  I do recommend this album, though.  It truly is a  great CD!
B000000XCD|5.0|Third CCR album for '69 and first in a trilogy of classics,GREEN RIVER shows us a Creedence who can do no wrong.BAD MOON RISING/LODI was a double A-sided hit.The song,GREEN RIVER,was based on a drink bottle label and  childhood memories of a camp run by a relative of Buffalo Bill Cody.  SINISTER PURPOSE has pure evil guitar running through it's veins.CROSS TIE  WALKER is full of swamp rock imagery.COMMOTION is a wry comment on how we  seem to be rushing from one place to another;not getting far at  all.TOMBSTONE SHADOW is about a trip to a gypsy.WROTE A SONG FOR EVERYONE  is about America in 1969 and the inabiltiy to communicate.The band sounds  like a well oiled machine.This is a must own for all CREEDENCE CLEARWATER  REVIVAL fanatics.
B00003CX95|5.0|I don't know why people blast this movie for not being historically accurate.  I don't think that was the intention of the movie from the start.  I mean did anyone blast Shakespeare in Love for being inaccurate?   Its a movie, and anyone trying to learn about history based on movies are  really not right in the head to begin with IMO.  Like those people who  watched Malcolm X and think they know everything about him, sad.  Anyway it  is a great film, and though there are stereotypes, its nothing more than  anyother movie.  The difference for Braveheart was that one of the 'bad  guys' was homosexual, and heaven forbid we portray any homosexual character  in any movie as bad.  Sure we can do it for the obese or white males or  maybe even the old, but not homosexuals.  And CERTAINLY not English, we all  know how nice and loving England was back in the old days of feudalism.   The point is everyone, regardless of race, creed, or whatever, is HUMAN.   No one is perfect and just because you are a part of a minority doesn't  make you instantly kind and gentle and loving.  Anyway, as long as people  realize this is just a MOVIE and not a history lesson, they can find great  action and wonderful acting in this epic film.
B00004LN16|2.0|As an avid AC/DC and owner of every one of their US/domestic albums (except Who Made Who), this is, in my opinion, the weakest and worst album produced.  It is extremely  slow, lacks energy, and sounda like it was  written and recorded during a weekend session.  I ask all AC/DC fans: what  album is worse than SUL?  I give it 2 stars only becuase of the title song,  the NY song, and their previous accomplishments.
B00001NFCY|5.0|What if you love (and miss!) bands like Soundgarden and Alice in Chains ?<br />What if a band plays and imitates one of your most favourite music styles ever made ?<br />What if you think that a lot of today's rock does not  really effect you ?<br />Creed, indeed not very original, for me keeps a fire  burning...see it as a great cover band!
B000007T1M|5.0|i just want to say that system of a down made one of the best metal cd's ever... if you're into loud music buy this one, it's extreme...
B000002UUX|5.0|&quot;~Megadeth are one of the best Metal bands alive.&quot;~ bands in the past 2 yrs. since I got it. Cheers to Dave Mustaine and MEGADETH !
0790729733|1.0|&quot;Director's Cut? I don't think so- unless Stone is as sloppy as some of his plot ideas are questionable.
B00003OSSM|1.0|Whoever talked Harrison Ford into doing this movie did him a great disservice.  He actually has only one scene and one look in the entire movie; haunted.  He just has to keep doing the same scene over and over. We  kept waiting for a plot to unfold but it never did and the wait was  interminable.  This was a real stinker.
0340738448|3.0|&quot;~This simple story about a travel bookstore owner and a famous actress is a romantic-comedy that's actually funny! appreciated with the written screenplay, which is where this hilarious movie formed from.
B00003XB8K|5.0|If you are the kind of person that has a deep love for music that has spirit, don't miss this CD.  It is majestic, it is deeply moving and it will lift your spirits and energize you.  Enigma has a way of opening up  spiritual rhelms...this is their best so far!  My favorite is &quot;Endless  Quest&quot;, but they are all good.  &quot;Screen Behind the Mirror&quot;  is anything but ordinary.  I think people of all ages would enjoy this  music.
0140143505|5.0|Written half a century ago, Helene Hanff's book harks back but also hurdles forward as e-mail replaces the commom &quot;snail mail&quot; of her day. As technology advances, we now have the power to relate to people not  only in England, everywhere! If Helene was still with us, i bet she would  save all her pennies to get the fastest access to the internet! this  quaint, and irreplaceable book teaches the simple art of communication  through writing.  in fact, in today's brave new world of internet  correspondence, how few of us really know how to reach across miles of  wires and truly make a friend across a continent? i recommend this little  gem to anyone who hasn't read it!
B000002LRX|5.0|you will buy this album right this second because everyone needs religion in their lives.
B00003CXDV|3.0|The DVD isn't out yet, but I am already disappointed.  The movie was great for what it was, but I am so very tired of DVDs being released in widescreen-only format.  How many people have widescreen TVs?  This format  on my 32&quot; is about the same as going back to my old 19&quot;.  I wish  the DVD releases were designed for those buying them, instead of those  selling them.
B000005J08|3.0|i really coulda done without the film music.  though i love our zorn more than i love my mother, some of the covers (and even a few originals, sadly) are just a skosh cheesy.  on the other hand, I'm a vegan.  how would i  know?
B000000IUD|5.0|Can't say much except that this is a great CD!  I doubt that this review would even be helpful to anyone but all I can say besides getting it is that it comes highly recommended!  Some may not like it but it hardly  deserves only 1 star and if you do rate it as 1 star, you are either very  pretentious or just ignorant to good music.  Maybe one should start getting  britney spears instead?
B00000J7J4|1.0|My wife bought this CD for me after the Grammy awards. I must say that I am extremely disappointed with it.  I have enjoyed Santana's music ever since Woodstock although I am not a hard-core fan. I can only listen to one  or two tracks before turning it off. I have worked my way through it four  times, but cannot find much to rave about. The straight Santana tracks are  OK, but the collaborations are drivel (even Clapton). Maybe I just do not  understand the current music scene. Neither genre on any of the cuts finds  anything new or innovative in the joint effort. They just seem to be  singing(?) or playing at the same time. It is oil and water to me. Carlos,  now that you are making the big bucks, do it right with people who care  about your music and you theirs.
B00000J7J4|1.0|This is the single-most overrated album of the past 10 years. All fluffy, superficial tunes with a featured guest.  Carlos, I liked your old stuff but you seem to have lost touch with your talent.
0780622642|3.0|This is not the best film I have seen and if a sequel comes out I probbaly wont see it. But this was a ok film compared to other movies that I have seen.
B00000JJQK|5.0|A long time Beatles fan, I just recently decided to purchased this album and I was blown away. I am not going to say any album is the best of all time, because there is never a true &quot;best,&quot; but this ranks right  up there with &quot;Rubber Soul,&quot; &quot;Revolver&quot; and &quot;Sgt.  Pepper.&quot; The new stereo mix is fabulous, as is the original mono, and  every song is arranged in such a way that it captures the listener and  keeps them flowing with the album. The lyrics are amazing, and speak  directly to the listener. If you don't believe me, just take a look at the  wonderful &quot;Caroline, No&quot; or &quot;I Just Wasn't Made For These  Times.&quot; Everything on this album flows, sounding as if it belongs  together. For sure, if something were removed, it just would not sound  right. Along with the Beatles &quot;Rubber Soul,&quot; this album is a must  have for any collection. Truly deserving of such high ranking!
B00000BKDW|1.0|This album (and a few others like it) is why this style of music was completely wiped off the face of the earth in the early ninties. Heavy metal ate itself alive because it refused to grow. This album is a prime  example. In the early nineties, bands like Nirvana (who's 'Nevermind' album  alone sold DOUBLE what Iron Maidens entire catolog sold) turned hard rock  in a new and interesting direction. Most low-foreheaded, long haired  wanna-be guitar heroes didn't understand it and missed the boat. For those  idiots, we have old Iron Maiden albums still on the market.
0440234743|5.0|This is one of the most enjoyable books I have read in a long time.  Great story, lovable characters, wonderfully written.  This book has it all.  A sequel would be nice.
B00000J7J4|1.0|My wife bought this CD for me after the Grammy awards. I must say that I am extremely disappointed with it.  I have enjoyed Santana's music ever since Woodstock although I am not a hard-core fan. I can only listen to one  or two tracks before turning it off. I have worked my way through it four  times, but cannot find much to rave about. The straight Santana tracks are  OK, but the collaborations are drivel. Maybe I just do not understand the  current music scene. Neither genre on any of the cuts finds anything new or  innovative in the joint effort. They just seem to be singing(?) or playing  at the same time. It is oil and water to me. Carlos, now that you are  making the big bucks, do it right with people who care about your music and  you theirs.
6305126062|5.0|This film is touching inspiaring this is one of the best films yet. This is a must see film for horse lovers and evrey one no matter if you are 10 or 100. You love this film.
B00000JNOJ|5.0|&quot;~Folk Singer is a stunning return to acoustic folk blues for Muddy Waters.  The remastering is superb and the picking and rhythmic patterns of a young Buddy Guy is mouth dropping. If you're going to get a Muddy Waters  cd, don't waste your time with a greatest hits package, you can't listen to  the blues like that, it's more a feeling at a certain point in time, and at  the time of this recording, all the artists were on the same page.  development and history of American music.  This and Newport are pillars in  the folk/blues movement of the late 50's and early 60's.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I heard the CD fully for the first time the other day and immediately bought it!  It is undoubtedly one of the best I now own and I own quite a few.  I jammed all the way home.  I can understand why he won so many  awards with this one.  He can still make the guitar sing, too!  Thanks  Carlos!
6305265488|4.0|Did the screenwriter make a typo in the script? It says this purportedly &quot;real&quot; story took place in the 1600s. Especially, if it involved Leonardo da Vinci, don't ya think it would have involved the correct time  frame: the 1500s? Mr. da Vinci died in England in 1519, stupid  scriptwriter!
B00000K19E|5.0|Are you a fan of &quot;what if?&quot; or &quot;did you ever wonder...?&quot;  If so, you're in for an thought-provoking, action-packed experience.  Having an open mind to endless possibilities in our existence  lets you enjoy the &quot;what's wrong and how can I fix it?&quot; burning  question.  Visual effects are stunning - Keanu Reeves is a great action  hero - strong, yet unsure.  Carrie-Anne Moss is a knock-out - a strong,  beautiful and very human woman - taking care of business!  Laurence  Fishburne is solid!  &quot;Mr. Smith&quot; is memorable as a program with  an attitude!  The rest of the cast help bring it all together to - what an  ending!    or a beginning?
B000003TAR|5.0|The follow up to the devastatingly popular &quot;Nevermind,&quot; &quot;In Utero&quot; succeeds in driving away the flavor-of-the-month fans and keeping the appreciative, tuned in listeners.  This album is everything  &quot;Nevermind&quot; isn't: a virtually untouched portrait of Nirvana in  the studio.  It is an unscathed, raw cut of the recordings, and Kurt  Cobain's angst is very evident in his vocals, screaming in &quot;Milk  It&quot; and murmuring in hushed overtones in &quot;All Apologies.&quot;   Every song can be listened to over and over, and has lyrical and musical  depth, emotion, and truly is Nirvana at their finest.<br />If you're a budding  Nirvana fan, buy this album to see an accurate representation of what the  band and Kurt Cobain were all about, and to hear them at their best.
B000002P74|5.0|Second Helping is a wonderful record and will remain the staple of their existence down the road.  Taking a page from the Allman Brothers, The Stones' Exile On Main Street, and the blues of Robert &amp; Lonnie Johnson,  Van Zandt &amp; co. show an eclectic side to their sound, ranging from the  folk-blues of Curtis Loew to the gritty Fogerty styled cuts Don't Ask &amp;  Sweet Home Alabama.  Lynyrd Skynyrd absorbs their influences well instead  of recycling them, and create a wonderful landmark album that anyone would  enjoy.  Second Helping and Pronounced are the only two you'll need if  you're looking to start a collection.
B0000024U8|5.0|Al Kooper and Mike Bloomfield probably &quot;winged&quot; their way through this session.  Free form rock/blues, as might have been heard at the Fillmore West or maybe on a Sunday at Mt. Tamalpais, is what you will  hear on this CD.  If you think it is a bit crude or rudimentary, well,  perhaps is is; but, This is the way it was.  You never quite knew where or  when; but at any given moment in The City, there was a  &quot;happening.&quot;  If you weren't there, then the next best thing  would be to kick-back, chill and crank up the sounds with this  extemporaneously wonderful bit of the 60s.
B000003B6J|5.0|pioneers. without this album none of that thug sh** you listen to would ever have existed... eazy-e r.i.p.
B000003BDJ|3.0|The two CD set had the same songs recorded on both disks, even though the titles were different.  The songs reviewed were good, but I don't need two of the same recordings.  Who do you contact to fix this?
6304140711|5.0|This movie is definitely worth the time it takes up.  It's a great flick to watch over and over again, because it never gets old.  I personally have seen it about twenty times. It explodes with action, and there isn't a dull  moment.  It pulls you in, leaving you wanting more.  Wahlberg fans will  love the shots of his beautiful body, and Reese plays a great role as well.   I have to say that Fear is my all-time favorite movie. I am not sold  easily, but this one was a great piece of cinema.
0679735259|5.0|I looked for Dispatches after reading a recommendation in another book on Vietnam. The point I would like to make regarding my review is that new readers need to understand that Herr wrote this book immediately upon  returning from Vietnam, while the images and experiences were still  &quot;fresh&quot;. This benefit is passed on to the reader. Sights, sounds,  smells, visions (real and imaginary) are all here. This book excels in its  immediacy to be told.  Other recomendations: &quot;We were soldiers once,  and young&quot;. &quot;Everything we had&quot; by Santoli. &quot;Low level  hell&quot; &quot;Chicken hawk (book 1 &amp; 2)&quot; &quot;Siege of Khe  Sahn&quot; &quot;13th Valley&quot; end.
B000003BF1|5.0|This one does not have any filler at all, every song on it stands out. Every track fast or slow has a sense of raw emotion that only a few artists have achieved at all let alone an entire album. The Stones closed the door  on the 60's ( a decade of raw emotion) with an LP that stands up to  anything they or any other rock artist have ever produced.
B000009ED0|1.0|i'm so let down.  now i'm going to have to take down all my kid rock posters and kid rock bed sheets and kid rock cereal spoon and my kid rock lunchbox.  i'm going to let my membership in the kid rock fan club expire.   i must be getting too old.  now that i'm in the fourth grade i think i'm  going to start listening to limp bizkit.<br />i'm going to do it all for the  nookie...
B00000IPAX|2.0|&quot;Blink 182's first cds ruled. they lost it this time. They used to be my favorite band until now.
B00000JWVO|5.0|When I found out that Cats was gonna stop in the US i had to get the video. When I went to see it I was 16 rows from the front and I couldn't see there faces very clearly but the music was great. And in the video you  can see their faces up close and all the detailed make up, and the music is  still great too. The movie is perfect. If your a fan of cats or even if  your not you should definetly pick this video up.
068815333X|5.0|This is my fifth Lehane.  I was fortunate to read them in order.  Every one is a compelling, witty, page-turner.  Angie and Patrick are wonderful together; they're even wonderful when they're not together.  Powerful plots  and characters who develop from book to book make this whole series a  treasure.  This is the best writer in the genre...sorry John Sandford and  James Lee Burke.
0553573403|5.0|This book was extremely good.  Ill say that yes you cant compare it to the other RR author's book.. but what book can?  It is a VERY good book and i think that if you read fantasy and enjoy Jordan, Wells, Stackpole,  Salvatore. You will love this one.
B00000IPAX|2.0|&quot;Blink 182's first cds ruled. they lost it this time. They used to be my favorite band until now.
B000002ORU|5.0|This is an incredible box set.<br />I truly had forgotten how much I love The Who until I heard this collection. I never, ever listen to &quot;classic rock&quot; radio, and if I did, I'd probably only hear Baba O Reilly or  Won't Get Fooled Again. The &quot;Oldies&quot; stations would never play  &quot;I Can't Explain&quot;, although it's innocuous and catchy.<br />So I  bought this. I saw it at a record store, yes a record store, not online,  and was flooded with memories of Meaty Beaty Big and Bouncy introduced to  me at the tender age of ten (say 1977, maybe) by a &quot;grownup&quot;  teenage neighbor who had a forest in his closet. But I never thought of  them as one of the greatest. The Stones, of course, but The Who? Well, yes.  Compare this to any of the Beatles collections. If you were trapped in a  restroom for the rest of your life (I'm sick of the desert island scenario)  which compilation would you rather have? Which has more substance, more  diversity, more, can I say this, cajones as rock LEGENDS?<br />I just bought  The Kids Are Alright here at Amazon. I can't wait to see it again. It's  been 15 years.<br />By the way, Rock and Roll Circus wasn't aired because Mick  Jagger was angry that The Who blew them away. True story, I'm told.<br />  Thank you, and rock on....man.
B00003CXAY|5.0|You can't take your eyes off of the screen.  I rented this movie back in the late 80s and early 90s and it still haunts me.  I wish I had purchased a copy then.  Can't wait for the DVD version.
B00000JGOH|5.0|From the very beginning of the film, I was struck by the vivid depictions of London life in the late 16th century.  I felt it was all so real, I was transported through time.<br />The actors are all wonderful, especially  Gwyneth Paltrow, and the screenwriters didn't miss a thing;  the story is  so tight and well-polished and has a thorough knowledge of Shakespeare.   It's a wonderful film, but don't knock it if you haven't seen it.
0804198969|5.0|The Joy Luck Club is an excellent book, it deals with how assimilating into American culture can divide families.  This book deals with young women coming into a consciousness of who they really are by learning more  of and exploring their past.  This book was wonderfully written, a  masterpiece of work.  Marcus Beard-Cal Poly Pomona
B000009ED0|5.0|&quot;Listening to Kid Rock provides enough head-banging adrenalin that two-hour, weight-lifting sessions at the gym become pleasurable.
B00003CXC7|5.0|I must admit, the first time I saw this film, I was not as impressed as I thought I would be.  However, upon my second viewing, I began to realize what all the fuss was about.  This film is extremely deep with so many  subtle nuances that it would take multiple viewings to catch them all.   Every scene, facial expression and foleyed sound adds something to the  story.  Hitchcock constantly attempts to lead you astray from what you want  to believe and you find yourself changing your mind over and over as to  what is transpiring, just as Jimmy Stewart's character does in the film.   This character empathy is what draws one into the movie.  It's a film that  has so much to offer than just what's on the surface and the fact that  nearly the whole film takes place in one space makes it that much more  brilliant.  This film must be released on DVD.
6305265488|5.0|This movie will definitely be my most favorite for a very, very long time. First, I thought it'd be just a another good movie.  It turned out be a GREAT movie.  I rented it on a Monday, watched it that night and loved it,  watched it again every night until Sunday- that's when I bought it. And I  don't think I'm going to stop watching it either. The love is not  mushy-mushy perfect with now flaws-that's what makes it sooooo romantic.   The actors/actresses make the story become reality, not just people playing  the parts of some fairy tale. Drew Barrymore played her part so well that  now I am addicted to all and any movies she's even had a 3 minute piece in!  I would recommend this movie to anyone and everyone!
630463949X|5.0|Who didn't get a rush when the USC marching band came out for 'Tusk'?  I prefer the sound of The Dance over Rumours.
052594527X|1.0|Although I was quite anxious to get my hands on this book, I must admit I came away disappointed. For me, Griet's perfection rendered her unbelievable. All men found her irresistably attractive; she worked very  hard with no resentment and knew every trick doing whatever task she  approached perfectly -- her wash was the whitest; she was an ace at  bartering for the best cuts of meat; she intuitively understood the psyches  of those who surrounded her; she ground the purest colors, and even knew  better than Vermeer what a painting needed. It was just too much! Though I  very much appreciate the inspiration for this book and the depiction of  Delft in the time of Vermeer, his portrait depicts a girl with profound  humanity, not the angel genius described in this book.
B000001FS3|5.0|The first song i listened to on this album was &quot;I still haven't found....&quot; at a friend's place four years ago. I was impressed by the song and asked to hear more of the group's stuff. So, my friend played  &quot;Where the streets have no name&quot; and &quot;With or without  you&quot;. All three songs were impressive but none really moved me enough  to make me buy the album. Two years passed; and then one day, at the same  friend's place I listened to &quot;One Tree Hill&quot;. This song swept me  with it. The melody was so expansive - the musical arrangements so  exquisite. I was thrilled. I chided my friend for not playing this song  before(but he was blameless, his favorites were and still are the first  three songs in the album). I bought the album. And then, one by one, I  discovered the placid and meditative &quot;Running to stand still&quot;,  the apparently mellow but in fact very intense &quot;Mothers of the  disappeared&quot;; the evocative masterpiece &quot;Trip through your  wires&quot; and the burning disturbing &quot;Exit&quot;. To me, however the  climax of the album is &quot;In God's country&quot;. There is the Edge's  signature guitar sound buried under layers of music, there is a rhythm in  the song which starts with the very first chord and does not end till the  very last. And towards the end of the song is an absolutely magnificent,  absolutely brilliant guitar piece. I have listened to this song atleast a  hundred times; and to that mesmerizing guitar piece atleast a thousand  times. I find it surprising that U2 never rose to this supreme level later  on in their career, the closest they ever came was in the last minutes of  &quot;one&quot; and &quot;until the end of the world&quot; (In Achtung  Baby) - in both cases the breadth of their sweeping guitar sound was more  than their depth. I still wonder why &quot;In god's country&quot; never  became a hit or for that matter why hardly anybody who listens to joshua  tree mentions anything except the first three songs. Maybe this explains  why U2 is such a mighty group with such a diverse fan following - they can  exact tributes from the masses by their hits and at the same time cater to  tastes of people like me who still do not know how to appreciate what is  called &quot;mainstream&quot; music. I'll just like to end by saying to  those people who have still not had the pleasure of knowing this group -  &quot;Go ahead and buy the album even though you do not feel deeply enough  about the first three songs. The album is much more than the first few  songs or the first few listens - there are worlds hidden in the songs that  comprise this album that have the power to open unexplored territories  within yourself - territories that define something nobler, something  grander than the ones you already know.&quot;
0385484518|5.0|Tuesday with Morri was a fantastic book. It helped me to see how beautiful life can be. It teaches you about death, and how to look at it. It helped me to greive for my mother's death.  It is one book that is hard to put  down, and with each chapter you learn something new about the beauty of  life.  It shows that we are the ones that give a meaning to our own lives.  You will love reading this book, and will learn alot.
B00000DFSK|4.0|Simply put - a 'must have' compilation.  However, like most compilations, there is the odd track that has been missed out, and you wonder why.  You have to buy the limited edition compilation with B sides to obtain the  excellent remake of 'Everlasting love'.  Back in 1990, that song received  more airplay than the A side 'Desire' here in Australia. The album is still  true history highlighting U2's early days with tracks such as 'Sunday  Bloody Sunday' through to recent hit 'Sweetest Thing'.   U2 haven't been  able to match their impressive 1991 album 'Achtung Baby' in my opinion, but  this compilation covers the best of the earlier albums up to 1990.   Bono  has a very distinctive voice, and seeing them live in concert Sydney 1993  proved what a great band live they are too. Purchase this album with  certainty - a compilation that will grace your collection.  Remember to  turn up loud the haunting 'Unforgettable fire' track.
0380789019|5.0|I sat in the sun for 4 hours getting sunburnt before I noticed anything was amiss!  This is a fabulously dark tale that takes you down the rabbit hole leaving you wanting to remain there.  It leaves no room for a sequel  of any value.  The entire story is here and completely self contained.  The characters are unpretentious, and frankly unremarkable.  The ending is  entirely predictable.  And, who cares?  This book has the making of good  fiction, good film and good television.  There is nothing more appealing to  me in literature than characters who are well developed and not too much  larger than life.  It's easy to relate to Mayhew.  He's not perfect.  His  good intentions do not always lead to good results. There is nothing glib  about this story.  It's dark.  So, if you want cotton-candy fluff reading,  this isn't it.  Pick up a copy of Gaiman and Pratchett's &quot;Good  Omens&quot; for that.  That's an equally delightful read, for entirely  different reasons. Risk a sun burn for this one.
B00000K19E|1.0|Another bad movie by Keanu Reeves.  I've been told that if I didn't like this movie it meant that I didn't get it.  Oh, I got it...bang, bang, shoot 'em up cheese fest.  The plot was thin, the violence was overdone, and the  effects were well the only salvagable part of the movie.  <br />Laurence  Fishburne is too good of an actor to have made such a mistake.  Even his  talent couldn't save this film.<br />I like sci-fi, I like dark, this movie  was simply trite.
0062502182|5.0|This book is about following your dream, and is very inspiring. Its the best book I've ever read, and I'm planning on reading it over and over every few months just to keep the inspiring story in my head. Its short,  about 200 pages, but the perfect material for anyone in their teens. I'm  18, and I recommend this book to so many people. I rarely ever read books,  this being the 3rd book I've read on my own, and I plan on reading more by  Paulo Coelho. Thanks for reading this. I took the time to write this, and I  never read books, I'm sure you'll love it.
B00000K19E|1.0|Another bad movie by Keanu Reeves.  I've been told that if I didn't like this movie it meant that I didn't get it.  Oh, I got it...bang, bang, shoot 'em up cheese fest.  The plot was thin, the violence was overdone, and the  effects were well the only salvagable part of the movie.  <br />Laurence  Fishburne is too good of an actor to have made such a mistake.  Even his  talent couldn't save this film.<br />I like sci-fi, I like dark, this movie  was simply trite.
B00004R960|3.0|It sounds like Oasis have grown up, there is nothing exciting on this record that you wouldn't have heard before. The worst song is probably Little James by Liam, this song pretty much explains why Noel should be the  only songwriter in the band. Otherwise it sounds ok, there are many good  songs, but this sure ain't the kind of music to be played at parties or if  you want to impress your girlfriend with good music taste, it's more  suitable as background music when you do the dishes alone at home. There's  also something missing, With only ten songs(one instrumental)and no  definite hits this sounds moore like a rip off to me! So my conclusion is  that it's only worth buying if you're a fan. Or perhaps the writer of this  review has grown up?
B00000IAU3|5.0|Don't like Sarah M..... But I love dId
B000000WA4|5.0|WoW, Billy Corgan, you RAWK! I have never, in my life, purchased a c.d. with so much poetic brillance.  EVERY SINGLE SONG on this c.d. is nothing short of SPECTACULAR!    I've worn out the c.d. set, and my stereo  system, because of Billy Corgan's ingenious melodys!  People, if you truly  LOVE music, then anyone who reads this review will go out, and BUY THIS  C.D.!   Every song on this c.d. set will make you  SSSSSCCCCCCCRRRREEEEEAAAAAM with an overflow of grace, and beauty.  PLEASE,  do yourselves all a favor and BUY IT TODAY, right here on Amazon, cause  you'll NEVER find a better deal on such indescribeable  music!  never!KEEP IT UP, BILLY, JAMES, D'ARCY, AND  JIMMY!
0694013889|2.0|After hearing so much about &quot;Once Upon a Potty&quot; , I was thrilled when my daughter received the book and audiocassette for a Christmas gift.  After reading the book and listening to the tape, I was disappointed.  The  lanuage was very infantile (although you are encouraged to substitute your  own words for urination and defacation).  The potty that was pictured  looked like a ceramic pitcher which could cause confusion to children  exposed to ceramic plant holders.  My 23 month old daughter was not  interested in this particular book on toilet learning, although she loves  others.  If you buy it I hope you like it more than I did.
B000021XS0|5.0|I am extremely satisfied with this disc.  The musicians in Dream Theater (especially Portnoy and Petrucci, who actually produced the album) are absolutely incredible.  The ultra-quick time changes and blazing guitar  riffs just keep the listener wondering, &quot;How do they do that?&quot;   Even though the album is a bit on the heavy side (well, what do you expect,  this is progressive rock), it has a soothing, sweeter side, such as on  songs like &quot;Through Her Eyes,&quot; and &quot;One Last Time,&quot; on  which James Labrie's voice is enchanting.  Even if you aren't a Dream  Theater fan, you will continually be amazed with every listen of Metropolis  Pt. 2: Scenes From A Memory.
B000002W9Q|5.0|Dirty Dancing is my fav movie and music on it is so cool.  The songs on this CD is great! The #1 one song one thing is &quot;Love Is Strange&quot; - &quot;Sylvia how do you call your loverboy!&quot; &quot;Oh  loverboy!&quot;
0553573403|5.0|It has been over 2 years since I have read this book - and it remains one of the all-time great literary works.  This book is for those lovers of fantasy/science-fiction that like to see the grit and dirt of life.  The  book is hard-core, and actually attains the greatest level of &quot;fantasy  realism&quot; of any book I have ever read.  Incredible web of political  storytelling, epic nature of ultimate gain and loss, and the best job I  have ever seen at character development.<br />Martin takes a very unique and  extremely rewarding style by writing each chapter from the first person of  a main character.  One chapter you might be in the head of a nine-year-old  tomboy, and the next chapter you are in the head of one of the most  dangerous hands to the King.  He is able to pull off these changes with  such excellent writing style and grace; it is actually amazing how he does  it.  What this style also does is to give the reader a true glimpse into  each character, their inner thoughts, hopes and fears, and through the  course of the book we are able to learn to so much from so many people - I  could not put this book down.<br />The hardened style (swearing, rape, etc.)  mixed with a hardened world; this book is able to capture the true essence  of medieval life built on a very subtle fantasy base.  There are not Trolls  and Dragons everywhere like many books, but the &quot;fantasy&quot; that  does fuel the book is marvelous.<br />Besides these amazing feats that  Martin performs in this book, the dialog in this book is unparalleled.  The  wit and bite and artistry of spoken words in this book are simply magical.  It is the best dialog I have ever read - possibly better than Leiber, the  master!<br />If you love Leiber or Howard or even a good book - you will love  this book and series.  I place it up with Tolkien as the best written, most  exciting and stimulating work I have ever read.
B00000IOSU|5.0|There are very few live albums that i like better then the studio albums. This is one of them. I love all of Sarah's albums, but this album has better versions of her songs.  They groove harder and there is a lot more  energy here then on her studio albums. The band is kicken' and her vocals  are dead on.  And unlike most live albums, the sound is huge.  The  background vocals are very present.  Not hidden in the mix.  I also suggest  getting the dvd which has even more great songs.  And if you like this  album, pick up Peter Gabriel's &quot;Secret World Live&quot;  One of my  favorites.
6305718954|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater and loved it. Naturally, I bought the DVD, but I noticed that the DVD doesn't have the english subtitles that the theatrical presenation had. I get french subtitles... annoying! I've  selected &quot;none&quot; under subtitles thinking that it would just put  english subtitles for the few scenes that needed it...
B00000IOSU|5.0|There are very few live albums that i like better then the studio albums. This is one of them. I love all of Sarah's albums, but this album has better versions of her songs.  They groove harder and there is a lot more  energy here then on her studio albums. The band is kicken' and her vocals  are dead on.  And unlike most live albums, the sound is huge.  The  background vocals are very present.  Not hidden in the mix.  I also suggest  getting the dvd which has even more great songs.  And if you like this  album, pick up Peter Gabriel's &quot;Secret World Live&quot;  One of my  favorites.
6305750750|2.0|A &quot;must see&quot; for Star Wars fans?  And why is that?  Because it's another Star Wars movie?  I like to be a bit more objective than that.<br />And objectively, what can I say?  This movie stunk up the joint.   With the unlimited time and money to put together a masterpiece, Mr. Lucas  instead gave us great advertisement for the toy line, no plot line to speak  of, horrible dialog, atrocious character development, and overall just an  insipid waste of my time and money.  This movie was not written.  It was  manufactured.  The characters were one-dimensional, dull, lifeless,  uninspiring.  In short, it was a far cry from everything I loved about the  first three movies.<br />I give it two stars, instead of the one star it  probably deserves, for the special effects.  At least they managed to get  that right, even if it was at the expense of every other aspect of the  movie.  While I was wowed by the exstensive and intricate visual display,  the underlying plot and themes bored and disgusted me, and detracted from  what little good there was in the movie.<br />I hope that before the next  chapter is released, someone involved in the creative process actually  acknowledges that there are people out there with intellect that would at  least like to have it stirred every now and again when they watch movies.   Otherwise, I can't imagine it will be any better than this one.
B000002KY8|5.0|This is one of the best records, CD's of all time.  No one, I repeat, no one has the talent, vision or reserve to ever create a masterpiece to top this.  Sexy, dark, funny, sarcastic, and raucous, are just a few adjectives  that begin to describe everything that is contained in the package that is  Prince.  One word may be GENIUS!  1999 is a trip from start to finish.   From total funk to gorgeous ballads, there is a myriad of flavors here.   Pick one, you'll be glad you did!
0790742780|5.0|This movie is one of my all-time favourite movies. It showes the reality of &quot;just another day in our sick society&quot;, and the main person D-Fens is like a hero to me. He is not the sick element, but his  surroundings are. This movie can be a warning to a lot of weak people,  people who made and make this society as dehumanizing as it is now, but at  the same time can`t deal with their own mess. I believe that people who are  shocked about this movie can`t deal with the truth, because they feel  something like regret, feelings of guilt.  Wanna know why ? Because almost  everybody is building this anti-human-society every day, just a little  piece of it. Buy this movie, watch it over and over, and don`t look at it  like &quot;entertainment&quot;, but look at it like something real,  something different, some personal warning to everybody.  Everyting Bill  &quot;D-Fens&quot; Foster does is totally acceptable, because the people  around made him what he was at this hot L.A.-summer-day. This movie  contains also a lot of funny elements. WATCH IT !   (and understand the  honesty of this movie)
B00001ZWTT|4.0|This movie was a really cool one. I like how they combine old day western with modern technology and stuff. It was funny and filled to the brim with action.The actors all had good roles too! You either love this movie or you  hate it. Will Smith was hilarious. This movie has great effects and  costumes. Go get the movie and see if you like it.
0790742780|5.0|This movie is one of my all-time favourite movies. It showes the reality of &quot;just another day in our sick society&quot;, and the main person D-Fens is like a hero to me. He is not the sick element, but his  surroundings are. This movie can be a warning to a lot of weak people,  people who made and make this society as dehumanizing as it is now, but at  the same time can`t deal with their own mess. I believe that people who are  shocked about this movie can`t deal with the truth, because they feel  something like regret, feelings of guilt.  Wanna know why ? Because almost  everybody is building this anti-human-society every day, just a little  piece of it. Buy this movie, watch it over and over, and don`t look at it  like &quot;entertainment&quot;, but look at it like something real,  something different, some personal warning to everybody.  Everyting Bill  &quot;D-Fens&quot; Foster does is totally acceptable, because the people  around made him what he was at this hot L.A.-summer-day. This movie  contains also a lot of funny elements. WATCH IT !   (and understand the  honesty of this movie)
B00003CX5A|5.0|Another masterpiece by Burton. Brilliant casting/acting, excellent f/x and a good cameo by Christopher Walken as the grotesque headless horseman. My only complaint is that scene with the old crone whose eyes came out of her  sockets, very unrealistically, but apart from that, a cool horror/fantasy  that I will definately buy on video.
0790742780|5.0|This movie is one of my all-time favourite movies. It showes the reality of &quot;just another day in our sick society&quot;, and the main person D-Fens is like a hero to me. He is not the sick element, but his  surroundings are. This movie can be a warning to a lot of weak people,  people who made and make this society as dehumanizing as it is now, but at  the same time can`t deal with their own mess. I believe that people who are  shocked about this movie can`t deal with the truth, because they feel  something like regret, feelings of guilt.  Wanna know why ? Because almost  everybody is building this anti-human-society every day, just a little  piece of it. Buy this movie, watch it over and over, and don`t look at it  like &quot;entertainment&quot;, but look at it like something real,  something different, some personal warning to everybody.  Everyting Bill  &quot;D-Fens&quot; Foster does is totally acceptable, because the people  around made him what he was at this hot L.A.-summer-day. This movie  contains also a lot of funny elements. WATCH IT !   (and understand the  honesty of this movie)
0880794968|4.0|since i jacked the tarot cardz... i don't have a clue if it wuz really good or not.. but otherwise... the cardz are ... weird.... really really weird....
0804106304|5.0|I found The Joy Luck Club very enjoyable.  Tan portrayed the generation gap between parent and child very accurately.  As a first generation Asian American, i related to this book very well.  I like how the story was  structured, although it can get confusing if you're not careful.  I  recommend this book to everyone.  It has appeal that will interest every  age group.
B000002KLQ|5.0|The critics were right about Making Movies.Although it's not their top seller I think it is certainly Dire Straits best album.&quot;Tunnel of Love&quot; and &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; are as colorful and poignant as  the best of Springsteen.Except for &quot;Les Boys&quot;, the rest of the  album is nearly as great,with a couple of harder rocking tracks to boot.
B000002C1X|5.0|Depending on one's mood, this is either one of the finest albums ever recorded or an overambitious, self-obsessed, claustrophobia-inducing morass of sound. In reality it is both. Totally apart from any other Pink Floyd  record - although their previous album &quot;Animals&quot; set the pace for  it - this is almost ninety minutes of Pink Floyd music. The increasingly  Mussolini-like figure of Roger Waters resulted in his nasal tones replacing  the more mellifluous voice of guitarist David Gilmour on almost all the  songs, whilst keyboardist Richard Wright's voice is completely absent from  this album. Indeed, such was bassist Waters' dissatisfaction with Wright's  playing on this album (his marriage had recently broken up, so his mind was  on other things) that he issued the organist with an ultimatum: at the end  of the sessions he was to leave the band, or else Waters would not sanction  the release of the album. Wright wasn't about to call Waters' bluff, and he  actually left the band before the record's completion. Session-man Freddie  Mandell was drafted in to play on the album's opener &quot;In The  Flesh?&quot; and its counterpart &quot;In The Flesh.&quot; Wright returned  to the fold when Pink Floyd took &quot;The Wall&quot; on the road in 1980,  but it was a musician on a wage, rather than as a member of the band.  Inter-band wranglings plagued the whole project. Indeed, Roger Waters is  the only member of Pink Floyd to appear on every song on the album, as  drummer Nick Mason was replaced by Jeff&quot;~ Porcaro on  &quot;Mother,&quot; and David Gilmour does not feature on some of the more  orchestrated pieces on the second disc of the album. them, from the  disco-esque &quot;Another Brick In The Wall (Part Two),&quot; to the heavy  metal pastiche &quot;Young Lust,&quot; from the hammy Gilbert and  Sullivan-styled operetta &quot;The Trial,&quot; to the folky  &quot;Mother.&quot; However, as Roger Waters subsequent solo work attests,  the lyrics here are ofprimary importance. The story, such as it is,  concerns a rock star (called Pink Floyd) who, after undergoing the trauma  of losing his father in World War II, is mentally abused by sadistic  schoolmasters, an overbearing mother, and an unfaithful wife. This causes  him to construct a &quot;wall&quot; around himself, protecting himself from  the outside world. He is in this catatonic state when it is time for him to  perform at one of his concerts. Unable to take the stage in such a stupor,  he is drugged by a &quot;doctor&quot; so that he can perform (detailed in  &quot;Comfortably Numb,&quot; arguably Pink Floyd's finest moment). But  when he reaches the stage, he mistakes the crowd for a fascist rally, and  behaves accordingly, leading them through the streets of London on a racist  spree of destruction. At the last moment, Pink's latent conscience kicks in  and he is put &quot;on trial&quot; in front of his peers. His sentence: to  tear down the wall. This being done, Pink can finally see the ones who  genuinely care for him. But the album closes with the phrase &quot;Isn't  this where...&quot; which links up with the opening of the album, the words  &quot;...we came in?&quot; This applies the building of the wall to  Everyman,&quot;~ making the project universal. heavy-handedly approximate  today), this album will have something for everybody who is into rock  music. Best listened to (as with all good albums) from start to finish, on  headphones, this album represents the pinnacle of Roger Waters'  acheivements. While 1983's &quot;The Final Cut&quot; was sonically similar  (and melodically: it recycled leftover songs from &quot;The Wall&quot;),  Waters' moroseness had reached its zenith, and the album may be considered  overly personal. He left Pink Floyd soon after, and considered the band  &quot;a spent force creatively.&quot; When Messrs. Gilmour and Mason  regrouped to record under the Pink Floyd moniker, enlisting Richard Wright  and &quot;The Wall&quot;'sproducer Bob Ezrin to assist, Waters took them  to court over the usage of the name. The bitter and lengthy dispute that  ensued did nothing for either side except make them loathe one another.  Pink Floyd now peddle a watered-down equivalent of their mid-1970s work,  sorely missing Waters' lyrical bite, while Waters continues to pen  increasingly elaborate concept works. Only on 1992's superb &quot;Amused To  Death&quot; has he come close to emulating the best of his work with Pink  Floyd, although his 1990 revival of &quot;The Wall&quot; with guest  musicians (although no other members of Pink Floyd), at the fall of the  Berlin Wall, was one of the rock spectacles of the century. Whilst egoism  and stubbornness, back-stabbing and the building of the kind of personal  walls this album warns about, have blighted Pink Floyd's post-&quot;The  Wall&quot; career irrepairably, in &quot;The Wall&quot; itself Pink Floyd  have created one of the all-time great rock albums. Along with &quot;The  Piper At The Gates Of Dawn,&quot;&quot;Dark Side Of The Moon&quot; and  &quot;Wish You Were Here,&quot; this is a Pink Floyd album no  self-respecting rock connessieur should be without.
0767805712|5.0|I think most of the film's greatness has been touched on already. I own the DVD version of Gattaca, which I watch every two or so weeks, so I'll comment on the features. The picture transfer is extremely sharp. The sound  is excellent as well, Nyman's score is flawless. The features, while  limited, are very nice. The lost scenes in particular are very interesting  (and with the &quot;substance test&quot; outtake, also very humorous).  Overall, I can't recommend this film enough. The actors (save the kid  versions of the stars), music, and plot are top-notch, and the feeling you  get at the end makes watching it over and over again worthwhile.
B00002E233|5.0|I did watch this movie with a digital theather sound at home, the subwoofer almost cracked, it really made the effects special and scary, almost feld like the sharks jumped out of the screen!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I love Rage's music and this happens to be their best album yet.  The other one are great too, but this one tops them all.
B000002UAX|4.0|But, it would have been a GREAT single album if they would have gone that way. They didn't however, and that's fine too. The good songs on here are solid, and there's a lot of great stuff hidden amid the lesser ones.  <br />With The Beatles, however, as with any group you love, it is the  listener that must and will find his or her favs. <br />Mine are:  U.S.S.R./Prudence/Onion/Ob-La-Di/Guitar Gently Weeps/Hapiness/Martha/I'm So  Tired/Blackbird/Do It In The Road/I Will/Julia/Yer Blue's/Mother Nature's  Son/Monkey/Sexy Sadie/Helter Skelter/Revolution 1/Cry Baby Cry.<br />I won't  list the &quot;No's&quot;. It's not that they're all that bad...just not my  fav's. ;)
B000002UJQ|5.0|The reviews written prior to my own reflect my sentements about this album perfectly. It's funny how such a difficult album to 'get your head around' invokes the same response and gets the same style of review from so many  people - a good sign that the music has a distinctive 'mood' and  'direction'. Like so many others, I too didn't like this album upon hearing  it for the first time and gave it away - only to have the person I gave it  to play it to me one drunken night resulting in me insisting that I took it  back. In the same way that there is the right drink for a particular mood  this album is perfect for those moments of solemnity or introspection. I  always feel at a loose end when the album finishes and have great  difficulty in finding another album in my collection as a follow up. It's  not that my music collection is poor, rather, OK Computer is in a league of  its own - even my Pink Floyd albums, which are generally regarded as  emotionally provoking, fail to stand up. If you love 'music' (not tunes!)  then give this album a few listenings to before you think about giving it  away.
B000002UA9|4.0|It's all right to be a Beatles fan and not like every song that they commited to record. Even The Beatles themselves have refered to some of the songs they did as &quot;filler&quot; and &quot;work songs.&quot;  &quot;Knock off's&quot; too. <br />I like a lot of the songs on here,  particulary, &quot;Anna (Go To Him)&quot; and &quot;Baby It's You&quot;,  but there's a few here, that keep it out of a 5 star rating for me. This  is, of course, my personal opinion. This album was the beginning of the  greatest recording band ever.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|The Latina pride and joy of the Bronx - Jennifer Lopez has stormed in with her debut album entitled &quot;On the 6&quot;.  This LP was dedicated as an ode to her frequent rides on a New York City subway line leading her to the  pinnacle of her success.  Judging from the album, the success is well  deserved.   &quot;On the 6&quot; holds songs of a myriad of musical  backgrounds, from the #1 R&amp;B single &quot;If You Had My Love&quot; to  the dance hit of &quot;Waiting For Tonight&quot; and the hiphopsy tune of  &quot;Feeling So Good&quot; .  Other impressive songs include &quot;No Me  Ames&quot; the duet with other latin pop superstar Marc Antony and the  salsa-ish  single &quot;Let's Get Loud&quot;  proves that Lopez shows  diversity and interest in a variety of musical taste. In spite of Lopez's  criticism on her vocals - she has put the meaning to the words musical  &quot;artist&quot; and has been quite prosperous with it topping the  Billboard and several other top 40 charts.  <br />Jennifer Lopez album  &quot;On the 6&quot; receives a Kenny rating of B+.
B000002UAI|3.0|But I only really like the first 6 songs, with &quot;I'm A Loser&quot; being my fav. I love The Beatles, but out of all their CD's this one is the one collecting the most dust on my shelf.
0767802470|5.0|this movie is very well done. the acting superb, the story gripping. it takes you within the hull of a u-boat. the commentary is interesting. my only complaint is that the mini series went for 6 hrs and the directors cut  is around 3. however the sound is amazing if you digital. the sound is  clear and intense during the battle scenes. a masterpiece.
B000002UAF|5.0|Love this album, love the film. This was my first real introduction to The Beatles. In the early 80's (jr. high) a good friends' parents bought a new laserdisc player and &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; was one of the first  discs they bought. We watched it nearly everyday after school and I soon  bought the LP. It has remained my favorite Beatles album and my most used  Beatles CD. <br />The songs are just a joy and remind me why I fell in love  with The Beatles just like everyone else had a generation or two before me.   <br />There's not one bad song on here.
0792839730|4.0|this movie is excellent and very enjoyable. the action is well done and interesting. the tanks well depicted. interesting characters and events. the movie is very watchable and is a good start to learn about this major  battle.    the only disapointment is the sound. the dvd speaks of cinema  quality sound in your home, sorry not true. the sound overall is poor and  no where near the standard that it could have been. when you listen to how  they did the sound for das boot and then this film, there really was a  chance to make the dvd the version to get. the movie is still very good,  but it could have been better.
B000002UAC|4.0|This one for me, is more enjoyable to listen to then &quot;Please Please Me.&quot; Both these early albums are fresh and exciting but I simply like the songs on here better. It's funny, to me because it is hard to pick (for  me) your favorite Beatles song or album. You almost have to look at the  track listing on each and go down the line saying &quot;Yes, yes, no,  yes...&quot; and then add up the Yes's and No's. It's not being critical,  or even getting deep about it. It's simply, do you like the song?<br />There's  a couple here I don't which keeps it from getting 5 stars. It still a  wonderful album.
0449002632|4.0|Of course all reviewers agree that this is a long book - but it's amazing that Rutherford squeezed two thousand years into one volume of work.  I thought the book was very engaging, and it kept my attention most of the  way through.  Some parts it were a bit difficult to wade through the  familial details (i.e., who had the gray patch in his hair, etc.) but I  would highly recommend this book.  It's also a good historical document and  helps put British history into perspective.  If you're an Anglophile and  can't get enough of London, read this book.  If you're looking for a  trashy, read-on-the-beach vacation book - buy Danielle Steele.
B000002UB3|4.0|One or two tracks keep this one from being my all time favorite Beatles CD. I won't mention them because it's always my fear that a will trample another loving Beatlefan's favorite song. And I refuse to over-analyze. My  fav. tracks on here are &quot;Come Together&quot;, &quot;Something&quot;,  &quot;Here Comes The Sun&quot;, and &quot;Golden Slumbers/Carry That  Weight/The End&quot;.
B000002JPA|5.0|This is the defining Dream Theater album.  Absolutely amazing songwriting
0780622553|5.0|This is by far better than the Matrix.  Better story, better acting, better special effects, better stars. This movie was the reason I bought a DVD player.
B000002OG5|5.0|I'll never ever get tired of listening to this soundtrack!  Every piece brings back vivid memories of scenes from the film.  It's so familiar, it's comforting.
0425170349|2.0|For anyone else, this would be a pretty decent techno- and action thriller. From Clancy, I expect more. _Rainbow Six_ is flawed but OK and enjoyable on the first read, but it has almost NO &quot;re-read&quot; value  whatsoever, and that's a first for this particular author (at least in the  Ryan and Clark series).<br />You know, there are two things that particularly  disappoint me about this book. Until reading this, I used to compare Clancy  to Charles Dickens for the way in which he developed the minor characters  in his works, and I got laughed at by a lot of people for doing so. If the  characterization in _Rainbow Six_ is going to be par for the course for  Clancy, I might just start laughing at myself very soon for making such a  dumb statement. The characters in _Rainbow Six_, aside from the fascinating  Popov and perhaps Ding Chavez (whose character, however, is developed and  analyzed far better in other books in this series) , are extremely shallow  and unbelievable. Clancy has somehow managed to turn what was once an  overwhelming strength into an obvious weakness. And, Tom, while you're at  it, could you perhaps come up a form of central disaster other than an  Ebola or &quot;Shiva&quot; epidemic? If Clancy's next Ryan or Clark book  contains any reference, except in passing, to biological warfare or  bioterrorism, he's going to have one less reader.<br />While _Rainbow Six_ is  preferable to any of Clancy's non-Ryan/Clark oeuvre (other than _Red Storm  Rising_), it ranks dead last in that series. One can only hope that his  forthcoming continuation in the Ryan series is a return to the previous and  recent high standards he set with _Executive Orders_ and _Debt of  Honor_.<br />For Clancy completists only. DEFINITELY not the first book by  Clancy to read, and if it was the first Clancy book you read and you were  disappointed, you may want to give him another chance - he's usually not  off by this much. :-) Any of his other books in the Ryan/Clark series would  serve as a better example of the REAL and considerable talent of Tom  Clancy. This is just me talking here, but my least favorite Ryan/Clark  novel besides this one is a tossup between &quot;Without Remorse&quot; and  &quot;Patriot Games&quot;, both of which are about 10 times better than  this book. As a final aside, this may be the only time in history that a  computer game based on a book is more interesting than the book from which  it was adapted. :-)<br />Sorry, Tom, but it's the truth. Better luck next  time. :-(
0380804557|3.0|Although this book was written by Neil Gaiman it was almost as if it wasnt. This book was very loosely written it wasnt a seriously serious tightly woven novel like a novel should in my opinion be. In fact one time  when i was reading it i almost thought the pages were going to just fly  away but it turned out it was the wind of a fan blowing.<br />Many people do  not know this but Stardust was Originally published as a four part story  with pictures in comic book (graphic novel) format. It was illustrated by  Charles Vess and written by Neil. If you bought this book and loved it  reccommend you check it out. Stardust in my humble opinion may cause fans  to loose interest in Neil Gaiman. Because it lacked the painstakingly  thought out process of writing which gives the illusion of syncronicity but  i would warn ye not to lose hope in Neil(of whom i have had the pleasure of  meeting once at a booksigning)because he is actually one of the best  writers i have ever read in my whole life.  Unfortunatly this book left me  thinking i resembled the photo of Neil at the end of the book which has him  cross legged with his hand under his chin lazily,dreamlike eyes looking  into the camera. The only thing that was different was i was bored and half  asleep and looking into his book.
B00000DLV1|5.0|Portishead grows on you the minute &quot;Cowboys&quot; runs its course.  A very different sound keeps the listener intrigued throughout, and the lead vocals are almost spook-ily good.  Buy it!
B00000J6AG|5.0|Like I usually do, I listened intently to each cut after I bought this album (by an artist I'd never heard of but saw highly recommended by many of you amazon.com reviewers).  My reaction was mixed as I wondered whether  the sampling of old blues masters was a rip-off...or a gift from the past  to younger ears that may have never heard the originals.  I remained  undecided and really not too enthusiastic since what I was looking for was  a smoother techno ride ala Underworld.  This album went through too many  changes.  I decided I respected MOBY for his ambitious eclecticism, but  passed the CD onto my 19 year old daughter.  A month later, bored by most  of my other techno CDs, I took MOBY to work and set the player to repeat  the album ALL day long at a relatively low volume.  Now I wasn't  &quot;listening&quot; as much as just hearing.  The repetitiveness of the  first two cuts which bothered me at first, turned into satisfying mantra  music.  To make a long story a little shorter, I kept the CD in my at-work  player for days, then weeks.  No question about it, although it took me  awhile, PLAY is super!  It deserves all the kudos so many have given it.   My way may not be your way, but sometimes backing off from &quot;hard&quot;  listening can make all the difference.
B00000DLV1|3.0|Portishead grows on you the minute &quot;Cowboys&quot; runs its course.  A very different sound keeps the listener intrigued throughout, and the lead vocals are almost spook-ily good.  Buy it!
B000002A3T|5.0|&quot;The Division Bell&quot; is, as another reviewer put it, an album about what happens when people try to communicate and fail.  This is an essential album in my collection; no other single album has touched me in  this fashion, save for &quot;The Wall&quot;, also by Pink Floyd.  Entire  chapters of my life have been summarized by each song in TDB; the  self-explanatory &quot;What Do You Want From Me?&quot;, the fond  remembrance and sympathy of &quot;Poles Apart&quot;, the emotional numbness  of &quot;Inside Out&quot;, the cycle of life and death in &quot;Take It  Back&quot;.  At one particular low point in my life, I was listening to  TDB, and as the bold strains of the final chorus in &quot;Lost for  Words&quot; played, I broke down and cried.  I find strength and insight in  this album, and have given several copies to others in the hope they will  do the same (my own version of the Gideon's Bible, I suppose).  Listen to  the beautiful, almost orchestral music, then find the meaning in the words,  and you will be enriched.
0792839692|4.0|This is what cheesy 70's sci-fi is all about!  Bad hair, bad dialogue, and sexy-stupid costumes.  I must admit that I find this movie thoroughly entertaining and provocative, however.  There are several themes at work  here and the story operates on many different levels.  I also think that  the film is great eye-candy, even though it hasn't aged very well.<br />The  film is engaging and fun, although I do agree that it lacks a bit after  Logan and Jessica escape, but it picks back up in Washington.  I could have  done without Box, what the heck was that all about, anyway?<br />Where can I  get one of those transporters Logan beamed Jenny Augutter in on?
B00001SIES|4.0|Like Radiohead?  I am a huge Radiohead and have to disagree, this is not how I would pigeon hole them at all.  You can't liken them to any particular person, they are awesome live and the CD is also very, very  good.  If you like good, funky, twisted music then this is for you.
B00001YXH5|5.0|I had seen Quidam live 2 years ago, and was blown away. It was so haunting and gorgeus. I wanted to see it all over again. when i got the tape i was a bit dissapointed. Many acts were cut short, or completly out of the show.  But i finally got to see the handbalancing act. I was amazed at how  impressive and creative the costumes and makeup were up close (i was in the  middle and could barely see). Unfortunately though you cut out many of the  funny clown acts. there should of been double VHS or something of this  show. Its three hours worth sitting through. And the music is so beautiful  and fun. Even though this falls short of the live show, its not a  dissapointing purchase.
1567184855|5.0|I had never given reincarnation any real thought.  I grew up in traditional churches &amp; accepted the Christian version of heaven and hell, although it disturbed me.  Christianity always seemed to me like a  &quot;victim&quot; religion where we are thrown into this world by God  without the slightest concern about our own preferences and left bewildered  and at his mercy concerning the bad things that happen to us (like Job of  the Old Testament).  It also seemed so unfair of God that each person  should have only one lifetime, and that one lifetime consists of such  horrible things for some people and not for others.  Reincarnation makes so  much more sense.  It makes us each responsible for what happens to us and  at nobody's mercy.  It also makes the bad things easier to deal with.  A  friend of mine, who is HIV positive, said, &quot;As bad as things may be,  it still is easier to feel that we somehow had a part in  &quot;choosing&quot; our circumstances for some &quot;higher&quot; reason  rather than simply having them inflicted upon us for no comprehensible  reason.  I would recommend this book to everyone, whether you believe or  not!  It'll change your thinking about what you're doing here.
0440219078|5.0|I first stated to read this book because my school requierd me to.But once I started I could not put it down.Every chapter has somthing new and suprising in it.It was such a touching book that makes you relize even  though are world may be some what of a mess at least we still have freedom  and feelings. Imagine if you had no emotions and could not expereance  simple joys such as love,snow,sunshine,individuallaty,dreams(goals) pain,  fear or lonlieness.A boy Jonas lives in a eutopia where every thing is  equal and &quot;perfect&quot;allthough it is relly not.He is sellected to  be the reciver of all the memories of the past the good and the bad.All of  a sudden the once verry strickt rules of his comuity no longer apply to him  and he relizes what he has been missing out on.After a year of training  Jonas is filled with almost all of the memories you and me know of and can  no longer relate to his family and friends who have no recalection of any  memories or almost any emotions.This book is one of my all time favorates  and is recemmended to every body.
6302787564|5.0|If you're a fan of the Charles Bronson stuff, this one's for you. Micheal Douglas (deeper into the movie, you'll forget it's even him) gets to act out all the heroic violence the average citizen have fantasized about  doing. The actors portray lives that the ordinary citizen can related to.  The acting in the movie is top-notched, although stereotypical, very real,  made even more real with well-placed profainity like, &quot;give us your  f----- briefcase!&quot; and at the end, &quot;F--- you very much, f--- you  very much.&quot; All this, the whole movie, takes place within one whole  day of a familiar society. The music really helps to bring out the urban  wilderness, not to mention the piece at the end. Oh, what a cooling  conclusion to a long heated day! I especially enjoyed the scene on the  golfcourse. Douglas fires a rifle shot after the greedy old grump clubs a  golf ball at him, giving him a heart attack. Then the memoriable line from  Douglas, &quot;Good! How does it feel? Now you're gonna die wearing that  stupid little hat of yours! How does it feel?&quot; I laughed and  sadistically enjoyed every second.
0684872153|4.0|i cried and cried again, what a terrific book, truelly well written and breath taking all the way! buy it, enjoy it!
B000046PVN|5.0|It clearly shows Williams peaked with Star Wars and Superman. His subsequent scores failed to equal these two Korngoldian magnum opuses. Maybe he was FORCED with inspiration when he scored these movies. Having  heard Ben-Hur, Gone With The Wind and Korngold on the Rhino series,  Williams  in my mind cannot match the old masters. Korngold and Steiner had  the well-schooled Friedhofer as orchestrator. Helped a lot! Still this  latest set is a must-buy.My favourites are the Flying Sequence, the  Superman march and the concert suite. The London Symphony plays its heart  out and Williams is at his conducting best. The flying sequence reminds me  of Waxman`s lively &quot;Entering Peyton Place&quot; cue from the 1957  Peyton Place (available on RCA - but Footlight said it`s not in stock right  now. Luther`s Luah was anticlimatic but enjoyable source music. In all,  this score has many moments to cherish and enjoy. Please, please Rhino,  release more good stuff! Newman`s The Best of Everything? Can I send a wish  list? Is the Warner Archive about to flood the market with its laden  treasures? I dare to dream that it will happen. Many film music fans will  rejoice. Can we have Korngold`s Kings Row and The Sea Hawk in their  entirety ?  That would be not Strike for the shores of Dover but striking  gold!
B00000K19E|5.0|The matrix can make you think about your world and it pulls you in.  I saw the movie four times and each time I understand something different.  The thought that in the future we could merely download karate into our minds  is mind numbing!  If you understand the plot you can get to like this movie  very much!  Do you think you're awake?
034538072X|5.0|I found this book truly fascinating.  Alison Wier brings life to the historical facts of this period.  I read this book cover to cover in one night!  I was simply to interesting to put down.
B00004LN16|5.0|Well, they are back!   Oh yes they are back!   Stiff Upper Lip gives us a mixture of Highway to Hell, Powerage and Back in Black.  Brian Johnson sounds great while Angus Young gives us  SUPERB solos (as always) and  &quot;air guitaring&quot; riffs that are just as unique and fun as always.  To sum up Stiff Upper Lip:  Time will place it as one of thier best albums.  Finally, its time to fess up on who is the best ROCK AND ROLL band of all  time.   AC/DC !    LET THERE BE ROCK !
6305752672|3.0|there was only 1 match that i thought was good ,that was ddp v ric flair,sid v goldberg was dumb.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|i love this CD it is the greatest!   Christy Mochaucha and Louri Powerpuff
0790733226|5.0|Absslutely amazing video and sound quality, one just has to ask...If this is the quality you get on a dvd, what is George Lucas waiting for? Contact asks the second basic question of space exploration (The first being Are we  alone?)What would a contact be like? Penned by Carl Sagan and his wife, the  master direction of Zemeckis brings to life a space travel we have never  seen and some exotic scenarios combined with real life locations make this  movie very believable. The effects were done with great wizardy and if you  turn your living room lights off while watching this, you will really feel  like you're in deep space at times...Let your soul fly free, get this...
B000002LPD|4.0|The real star of this album is Andy Johns, who produced most of the instrumental tracks. He's the one responsible for making Alex's usually limp-sounding drums sound like John Bonham here, lending a hair-raising  ferocity to the sound as a whole. Ted Templeman came in late in the  recording process, and it shows; there aren't a lot of vocal harmonies as  there are in other albums. Nevertheless, I think this is the last good  album they made, if not the heaviest. And stop it with the Dave vs. Sammy  thing already; they're through with their 3rd vocalist now, for god's sake.
6305750750|2.0|The points of departure that characterize the differences between Episode One and the original trilogy are vast and puzzling. First of all, the incredible lack of defining attributes (even archetypal ones) for any of  the characters. Everyone seems to be a reserved, conditioned automoton  lacking any human qualities. Secondly, the childish, sketch comedy humor  that would be more at home on a FOX sitcom. Jar-Jar is clumbsy (ha-ha),  Jar-Jar got farted on (ha-ha), Jar-Jar steps in dung (ha-ha). Thirdly, the  immature plotting style that ends up leaving everything to fantastic  coincidence. I demand someone to show me the equivalent of Anakin's joyride  or Jar-Jar's &quot;heroics&quot; in the original trilogy. And finally, a  reliance on computer generated effects to cover up the first three  departures. The Episode One effects have an completely different feel that  those of the original trilogy - instead of existing to augment the story  they exist to mask deficeits (what's up w/ the two underwater monsters?).  Of all the people that I have seen this film with only one person I know  actually liked it. He claims it is better than A New Hope because of the  effects - bigger battles, more aliens, faster vehicles, cooler fight  scenes. etc. To me SW movies aren't about the how &quot;big&quot; Lucas can  go w/ his set pieces but rather the feeling you got from watching them.  Episode One is completely devoid of feeling on any level.  All in all,  however, this film towers above the conventional trash churned out by  Hollywood. For true Star Wars fans it is an opportunity to have a good  laugh (&quot;There's always a bigger fish&quot; did he actually say that)  and hope that Lucas can muster some of the same emotions that made Episodes  4-6 so great in the next installment.
0671027344|5.0|this is the best book i have ever read. it made me laugh and cry literally. it was insightful and intriging. it was so true and sad. it was very ironic also. the authors style, which is writing though letters, is  brillent. (i know i cant spell). i know that growing up is really hard, and  i  know how this kids feels b/c i am a teenager. this book is so wonderful.  it enlightened me and gave me a new outlook on high school.
0679746048|5.0|'Girl Interrupted' was one of the best books I have ever read.  The author, Susanna Kaysen, wrote with such detail and intense feeling that it felt as if I was a character in the story with her.  This true story takes  you through a life with some difficult problems.  It made me realize that  what I think is a horrible problem or a hard situation, is nothing compared  to what other people go through.  It made me appreciate what I have.
0060234814|5.0|The book is a cool book about 4 kids, and they go into a wardrobe. So they decide to go to the other side of the wardrobe and  there is another world. They start to explore, and  meet a faun, a witch, and a lion. The faun is  on the front cover of the book. Then the witch tries to capture and kill  the 4 children... ..Buy the book and find out what happends. This is a  great book for book reports. It is the best fiction book that I have read.  Once again buy it and read it!
B000002H33|5.0|Master of Puppets is a great album. Unlike other metal albums where you can't tell the difference between each song, Metallica gives you variation and each song has its own style. If you liked this album, I would also  recommend ...And Justice For All  and Ride the Lightening.
630512065X|2.0|This musical was praised so much by the press. So I bought the video tape. I'm deeply dispointed by it. To summerize, it's basically an aerobics, not even the great ones. It has no contents, ok almost none. The acting is 3rd  rate. The performance of Elaine Paige, however, is the first rate. As the  music is concerned, there some great pieces, but far from all. To keep your  dream alive, don't watch it. By the way I know a great piece of music or  art when I see one. This is not one.
0449000729|4.0|As *Toronto* said earlier, SARUM is all about the male perspective of history, and that is not the whole story... Is this why *Toronto* finds that Sarum is not very good history?<br />This guy Rutherfurd gave his guy  perspective, which happens to focus, in a rather antiquated way but not as  totally as *Toronto* says, on the guys' perspective.<br />Rutherfurd writes  the book, it's his prerogative. I too would love to see more such books,  and written from a woman's perspective, be it by a male or female  author.<br />But I'll certainly not begrudge Rutherfurd for not being that  author. Stand up and be counted, Women's Perspective Writers of the World,  and I'll be the first one to be glad to read your stories, if they are  good!  I enjoyed this book tremendously, as the reader that I am. Women  were in the shadows too long so there's less to say about their role and  impact in days of old. NOW they are taking their place, and SOON there'll  be something to write about. GOOD.<br />With a book of this scale, it is a  wonder that *Monroe*, for his part, focussed on a few (dozens, hundreds or  whatever) missing commas.<br />I also found unsettling, but amusing, the idea  that one cannot escape one's heredity. Often while reading SARUM, I was  reminded of my paternal ancestor John Baptist (imagine such a name?),  already known in 1635 as &quot;Break It All&quot; -- and of my Dad John,  who was nicknamed &quot;Break It All&quot; years before we even knew about  J.B.
B000002BFL|5.0|If you enjoy Bruce, you need this CD. I personally consider it to be his best work ever. Just think about it...The Boss and his guitar, what else do you need? It hits ya hard, emotionally, and physically. It will put ya to  bed, make ya think, make ya cry, laugh, and smile. His voice and words blow  me away each time I listen. It is a wonderful concentration of life  ballads, which adds up to a CD that touches on every aspect of life, from  the hard highways, to the the Sierra Madres, to prisoners meeting their  wives. It captures the essence of America and embodies the human spirit  like no other CD I have ever heard. Throw it on, and sit back 'cause you  are in for a ride baby!<br />   E R I C
B00000K19E|4.0|Science Fiction is a story which can be accomplished without the assist of 'magic'..  although there are some that would say that the Matrix could never happen.. I would challenge that assumption... neuro-interfaces today  that could very well be the forerunner of things to come in this  area.<br />The film has a lil bit for everyone and is handled quite well.. you  have the techie stuff, the conflict, suspense, action.. the only thing  lacking as the family pet in peril.  The special effect, a necessary  component in any movie it seems now-a-days are well done and add to the  overall impact of the movie.<br />The interesting premise of this movie, is  that the 'reality' that we take for granted each day... is in fact a hoax..  the sensations we experience... the sight, the touch, the smell, the taste,  what we hear... are all simulated ... fabricated by a massive computer system  running the this 'Matrix' program.  Watching the movie provides the  diversion we are looking for.. but soon after, at least for a moment,  causes us to question our own reality.. &quot;.. what if... what if this was  happening to 'me'... how would I know.. ? ..&quot;  Most will not allow much  energy to be devoted to considering such an alternative.. but the fact that  they consider it at all.. is to the credit of how the movie was  presented.<br />Excellent film.. could never happen for real... right?... (keep an  eye out for the woman in the red dress... just in case).
6305718954|5.0|This movie is for anyone who likes the Matrix or anyone with a really open mind.  If you are religous but fairly open minded then you will like this one. I DEFINITELY recommend it to everyone. (ps: not for the faint of  heart)
B000005J56|5.0|I'm usually an R&amp;B, jazz kind of man so usually don't delve into other arenas. However, I heard about this particular cd from a friend comparing it to Cuban jazz. I like the Latin rhythm style and thought that combined  with jazz improvisation would produce an interesting brew. But this cd  exceeded my expectations with excellent individual play and uncanny  chemistry in the ensemble. It reminds me of old swing music with its  unbridled enthusiasm. Even though I don't know Spanish, the singing had me  doing Ibrahim impersonations. I would definitely recommend this pick.
B00001NFCY|4.0|The band is moving into a post- metalica sound with classical intros and headbanging build ups.  So as a metalica fan I liked &quot;what if&quot;.  The rest of the albulm is a more developed version of the last, but lacks  the power to really get my attention.
B000002GK1|5.0|Let me say this folks - You WONT find anything better than BADMOTORFINGER..This loud, heavy-rocking disk has it all !<br />  RUSTY CAGE has a change in tempo that is masterfully put together..SLAVES AND  BULLDOZERS, ROOM A THOUSAND YEARS WIDE, and NEW DAMAGE are some of the  heaviest songs to ever be put on record...The mellower (If you want to call  it that) MIND RIOT is mesmorizing...SEARCHING WITH MY GOOD EYE CLOSED takes  you on a psychadelic spin back to early 70s rock, and the intensity and  brutality of JESUS CHRIST POSE leaves you wanting more...<br />  If your  into guitar-heavy, melodic, REAL rock and roll (with some of the best  vocals out of Chris Cornell), this is for you..It doesnt get any better  than this................
B0000025LS|5.0|It's unfortunate that Santana is finally getting acclaim for what's essentially a mediocre CD (in terms of his earlier work), i.e. &quot;Supernatural.&quot; &quot;Zebop!&quot; is, on the other hand, one of  his most overlooked albums. The instrumental work here is very strong, and  the quality of the tracks is unbeatable--it's definitely one of those  albums you can listen to all the way through and then keep on playing it  over and over again. What's interesting here is that Santana definitely  moved away from some of the styles which he trademarked in his early, and  excellent, albums like &quot;Abraxas&quot; and &quot;Caravanserai&quot;  without resorting to bland top-40 style cliches. &quot;Zebop!&quot; is  definitely among my top 3 or 4 favorite Santana albums.
B000000WJZ|5.0|This album when it was released unto a broad commercial audience, recognized a thick, psychedelic sound (enhanced by loads and loads of guitar fuzz and power-drumming) never before associated with alternative  rock music (Nirvana's &quot;Nevermind&quot; may be quasi-psychedelic, but  it sure isn't like this). Billy Corgan and James Iha's introspective  lyrics, soon to become the Pumpkins' trademark, coupled with the  psychedelic sound I mentioned above, is a thing not be missed. Also  essential is the broad variety of tracks (something not witnessed since, I  think, the Beatles' &quot;Abbey Road&quot;)--who else would succeed the  heavy metal machine (a good track on the Pumpkins' &quot;MACHINA/the  machines of God&quot;) that is &quot;Quiet&quot; with the lullaby  calm/pop-rock grunge of &quot;Today&quot; (the greatest song ever, in my  humble opinion). While there is not as much variety in songs in the later  part of the disc, that is compensated by the lilting, spacey wistfullness  and lyrical power of (most of) the tunes (with the very obvious exception  of &quot;Silverf---&quot;). While it's not &quot;Mellon Collie,&quot; or  even &quot;MACHINA,&quot; it's still a masterwork.
0684800713|2.0|This book only deals about a bunch of characters perigrination through all the pubs of Paris then Pamplona, while the main female character, BRett, dates all the men in the plot. Its an endless description of people  going into a pub, ordering a vodca or wine or champagne, then going out to  bed to sleep, then falling in love with each other, then taking a shower,  then taking a cab, bl, bl, bl !  Horrible!
B0000027RL|5.0|anybody who calls this album &quot;boring&quot; is a complete moron.  pearl jam has been called the greatest rock band of the '90s, and this album proves it.  every song is simply amazing.  after all these years of  being a pearl jam fan, i still listen to this masterpiece regularly.  their  other albums are great as well, but they simply don't compare to this  winner.  if you are a fan of heavy metal, classic rock, hard rock, grunge,  or GOOD MUSIC then buy this album immediately, you won't be dissapointed.   and to the idiot that thinks eddie vedder should be on VH1's &quot;where  are they now&quot;, i'll tell you where he is.  he's currently on a  european tour i believe and possibly beginning to record a new album, which  will probably go platinum like their other five, with little or no  promotion.  there you go buddy, since '91 this guy has lived out quite a  long &quot;15 minutes of fame&quot; which are far from over.
B000001ESP|4.0|It seems that the beginning of the 80s produced a lot of fantastic rock albuns. THis is one of them. Along with &quot;PERMANENT WAVES&quot;, it makes you go out of breath, due to its perfection and creativity. In  &quot;MOVING PICTURES&quot;, Rush gave us the amazing tunes  &quot;LIMELIGHT&quot;, &quot;TOM SAWYER&quot; and &quot;RED  BARCHETTA&quot;, but all the other songs are amongst their best ever!
0679745203|5.0|The English Patient is a beautifully written book full of sadness and survival.  However, I recommend reading In The Skin Of A Lion first, because it introduces the reader to two main characters Hana and  Caravaggio.  Ondaajates descriptions of places and emotions stay with you  like a lingering dream in which the details sometimes fill you with  saddness, incomperhensable beauty, and stark ugliness. I don't want to give  away too many details one should read the book for themselves.  My only  other suggestion is NOT to see the movie.  The movie unnecessarily changes  the relationship between Caravaggio and Hana and simply does not do the  book any justice at all.
0451191153|1.0|I've read Rand's other three books of fiction over the years, and they are some of the greatest novels I've ever read.  I just finished &quot;The Fountainhead&quot;, and I cannot believe this is the same person who penned  &quot;Atlas Shrugged&quot; or &quot;We the Living&quot;.<br />I think the main  problem is that she's struggling to incorporate a more formal version of  her philosophy into a fiction work. That's a great goal (and she succeeds  in &quot;Atlas Shrugged&quot;), but here she 'tells' way more than she  'shows'. I felt insulted as a reader as she tried to lead me by the nose!  <br />The novel reads like a rough draft that needed more editing, and it has  none of the strengths of her other works.  None of the characters are  appealing.  The plot is uneven - it lurches forward only to stagnate for  dozens of pages.  The overall tone of the book was depressing and venomous  to no apparent purpose, thematic or otherwise.  <br />Worst of all, some of  the action was just competely unbelievable.  For instance: Roark taking on  the housing project that sets up the final conflict in the novel was a  transparent plot device.  It didn't seem to be something he would do -  either philosophically or from common sense. Why would he trust the people  he trusts in taking on that project?<br />I pushed through to the end, but I  was so happy when the novel was over.  Worst of all, I really don't think  Rand succeeded in presenting Objectivism or an exalted sense of life.  The  novel was too negative and soggy with bile to do either.<br />Ayn Rand is a  brilliant novelist, but &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; is easily one of my  least favorite books.  Read her others; they're incedible!
6302969352|5.0|The day I saw this movie for the eight time I was a bit sad. It seemed so appropriate to have seen it seven times! It is one of Kurozawas masterpieces where one can really see the influence of Shakespear on his  films, but he gave the west back! Western movies were never the same after  Kurosawas films hit the west and as directors in USA and Italy stole from  him, he stole back from other western directors. Everything is perfect in  the seven samuarais, beginning with the actors, with the plots, with evel  against purity with the ronins (samurais without masters, the lowest a  samurai could get) stuck in the midle, deep in the mud, pride against  proudnes, love and high adventure. Who is the winner in the end and who are  the loosers. The beautiful song tells us spring is there and time for the  rise to be planted. What is life, if not spring, summer, autumn and then  winter. <br />Kurosawa could sometimes wait days, months for the right light  for a scene. Maybe not a problem if you only have a few dedicated actors  and unlimited funding, but a bit more tricky if you have a thousand extras  waining dressed for battle. After one such incident he could not find  funding for a new film for 9 years, until the russians gave him the money  for Urzula Derzula. Some decades later it was the star war directors who  funded his next big movie. Why? Because he was their hero, their  inspiration. Thats how good Kurosawa and the seven samurais are. The best.
0446525537|5.0|&quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; was an execlent book! It's interesting how a friendship can become love. I will read this book over and over again.
B00000JGEO|5.0|Man, this movie was wild.  In a time when there are thousands of mediocre action titles, this one really stands out.  It kept me interested the whole way through, and had a story I actually understood and enjoyed, unlike  where others, I watch them for just the action.  Tue Lies is a great movie,  and one of the best on the market.
B0000024ZC|5.0|Three Friends is the classic Gentle Giant album.  I've owned a scratchy vinyl version for more years than I care to remember.  The guitar solo on Peel the paint is great rock, the violin on the following track tells more  than one story and the final track is the ultimate in riff becomes melody.   This is possibly the easiest on the ear of all GG albums and probably the  best way into their music.  I love this album.
B00000I8BX|5.0|This is by far the best album I have heard from Fear Factory..even out-doing their old and very reputal releases.  The drummer really shows his stuff on this one, and the singer really shows his diverse singing  styles, from such things as CARS and DECENT to O-O and other HEAD  THRASHERS.  A+++++  Recommended highly to those who like the hard-hitting,  fast drum, growling guitar, supremo band stuff!
6304372620|2.0|This movie shows why movie stars do not deserve their big pay checks. This movie has three huge stars in it, and two lesser stars, and it was a total flop...and is a poor movie. The direction and the story are contrived and  badly done. You can see every moment what emotion you are supposed to feel  (&quot;Oh, I'm supposed to be moved here, frightened here&quot;). But you  don't feel those emotions. It actually has the feel of a high school play,  really, in its ineptness. And the fact that the guys you are rooting for  murdered OTHERS, makes it a sour ending.
6305718954|4.0|A thought provoking film that depicts the corruption within the Catholic Church without conscience or concern. Hopefully this film will lead to others that take a theological perspective in addition to the special  effects and jump scenes so commonly seen in Hollywood today.
B000000W5F|5.0|This is a great album. Maybe one reason I like it is it's an odd album in that it has old tracks dug out of the basement, where Mick Taylor is playing lead guitar (! ). Yes, Mick Taylor plays the lead on  &quot;Tops,&quot; &quot;Worried About You,&quot; and rhythm guitar on  &quot;Waiting On a Friend.&quot; That's why Mick Jagger didn't include what  musicians played on the album, even though Sonny Rollins, the sax legend,  played on it. He didn't want people to know about the old Mick Taylor bits.  So, this album has Mick Taylor and Ron Wood on lead. Very interesting.  (Mick Taylor sued the Stones, incidentally, for some money from this  album--as he should have done--and they made a settlement with him.)
6304546386|5.0|This is a wonderful family movie. Kids love it, and if you saw it as a kid you will be carried on a wave of nostalgia. England never looked better than when it was set in California. This is the sort of movie to show your  kids if you want them to love movies, and to remind yourself why you do.
B00000K19E|5.0|Dawn good movie best I've seen in year
079073639X|1.0|Can I give it half of a star instead? <br />I've always loved Sci-Fi movies.  Just bought a DVD player and borrowed a friend's copy of The Matrix.  Wow!  I wanted more of that!  Went to a movie rental and got this one.  Boy, am I  disappointed.<br />The most (or the only) interesting part was the opening  sequence.  Then it went straight downhill.  I was so bored after 20 minutes  into the movie that I really wanted to fast forward it.  The script was so  bad I don't understnad why the stars bothered to do this film in the first  place.  I thought I couldn't go wrong with the all-star cast.  Boy I was so  wrong!  Could have spent the renting money on the Abyss (will be available  soon).  Now, THAT's a movie.  Even Stargate is better than this!  Great, an  alien intellegence who speaks English and goes by the name Jerry.  I  couldn't believe I finished watching it.  I will return the DVD by midnight  today so I can get $1 off for my next rental.  What a waste!
B000002LRX|5.0|I BEEN A FAN OF FAITH NO MORE, SINCE 1992. ANGELDUST WAS MY FIRST ALBUM I BOUGHT BY THEM. I KNOW ITS 8 YEARS NOW SINCE I BEEN LISTENING TO THIS ALBUM, AND ITS JUST BRILLANT. THIS IS THE TYPE OF MUSIC THAT CAN NEVER GET  OLD. THIS IS A MASTERPEICE, WITH GREAT SONGS LIKE.. LAND OF SUNSHINE,SMALL  VICTORY,MIDLIFE CRISIS,EVERYTHINGS RUINED. THIS WHOLE CD IS PERFECT.  RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE AND EVERYONE. GAURANTEED 100% THAT YOU WILL LOVE  IT. THEIR GREATEST ALBUM YET. PERHAPS THE GREASTEST BAND EVER. PEOPLE IF U  ARE NOT INTO FAITH NO MORE , MAKE SURE YOU GET INTO THEM RIGHT AWAY. YOU  WILL LOOK AT MUSIC A WHOLE DIFFERENT WAY. I PROMISE.
B00003CWPR|5.0|After reading all the other customer reviews, I was impressed by the sheer length of some of them. Some of them were an assembled mass of praise. Thus, mine shall be of the like. First off, this was a movie about love,  marriage, trust, and all that good stuff. Not sex, orgies, or edited  content. Having said that, this was, in my opinion, a superbly well done  film. I found it constantly intriguing and filmed with Stanely Kubrick's  well-deserved reputation as a film genius. The way the film was shot was  remarkable. The more I watched it, the more it became clear to me that  everything about it was delibrate, from the camera angles to the background  scenes. Although I've only seen three of his films, I am utterly convinced  of his greatest. Second, there were many themes in this movie. There are  those who think that there is too much sex and those who bought the video  for the sex. However, beneath everything, there was an undercoat of  storylines. It was rather complex and I have yet to figure out what all of  this means. What I can see is the issue of trust between two people (Tom  Cruise and Nicole Kidman) as well as the love that binds them together. I  like the little nuances, like how music is always coming from a source, a  stereo or a band, never just random background music. Overall, I think  you're just going to have to see it for yourself to figure out if you like  it. Personally, I believe that this movie is one of those things that you  either completely like or completely hate. There's little middle ground
B00000J7J4|3.0|Well, Carlos seems to have given in to the commercialization of his art. However with the success of this collection, in awards and, most importantly, money, who can blame him. The CD certainly has it's  highlights. I do enjoy Smooth because of the fresh vocals mixed with  Santana's classic guitar riffs. There are other songs worth listening to as  well, including his bluesy duet with Eric Clapton but overall this isn't a  very good Santana effort. Take my advise, if you're a Santana fan pass on  this, you'll be disappointed. However if you're into the latest &quot;music  fad&quot; then invest. You'll listen to it once or twice a year and  eventually forget about it.
0767809246|5.0|I few saw this movie a few years ago, and I thought nothing of it then.  Just recently, after I really realized what the world lost after River Phoenix passed away, I decided to watch the movie again, since I had not  seen in a few years.  I remember how the incredible acting had touched me,  especially since I hope to grow up and work in that area.  The beautifully  portrayed story was brilliantly done, and althought it's not even close to  the novella, 'The Body' by Stephen King, it is just like it in many ways.
6305587159|4.0|I was a little worried when I saw the what the plot was going to be. It's a story that has been told over and over, the helpless community being saved by a small group of heros who risk everything for their principles  (see: The Magnificent Seven). However it turned out to be a very good tale.  The special effect are solid, and the action is compelling. And of course  it has a great nemesis! F. Murray Abraham makes this movie. If you're a  Star Trek Fan, this is a great addition to your collection. If you're not a  Star Trek fan but like a good sci-fi story you won't be disappointed, If  you're neither a Star Trek or sci-fi fan, why are you even reading about  this movie?
0441172717|5.0|The only comparable thing to this book is the Lord of the Rings.  All that makes them better is that they were consistently good. Dune is awesome, but the sequels had no hope of surpassing its genious. The book itself is  exceedingly difficult to read at first, but your mind adjusts to the jargon  eventually. The plot is complicated, intricate, and mildly esoteric, yet is  very entertaining. Nothing in this book can be explained. Read it for  yourself. Your life will be changed after reading this book. Oh, don't go  watch the movie first. It's awful. Read the book, then watch the movie,  proceed to ridicule the attempt to move this masterpiece to film. There was  simply too much for a movie to relay effectively.
B0000028RR|5.0|First off I started to listen to RATM just a couple of years ago.  I am hooked now!  RATM is the only band I know of that can play like they do.  They only use gitiars, a drum set, and vocals to produce all of their  sound.  You will be hooked on this band too.  Buy this cd.  You will never  think twice about it.   A lot of people love killing in the name of.  But  my favorite is Know your enemy.  I can't explain the power you feel when  you listen to RATM.  I recommend everyone of their cds.
B000001ESF|5.0|Not only is this a musically awesome album, it's a musically awesome album with a brain! So few recordings have this kind of lyrical genious behind them. The idea is cool and the music rocks. I can't think of a single thing  that might have made this better. The best songs are...never mind, they're  all equally awesome.
0060975768|4.0|I have read this book two times. So obviously, I find it compelling. The first time I read it as straight military history, the second more critically.  There is no doubt about the bravery on both sides. My  questions are these:  Without the huge American fire power, air, and  resources, this battle would have been an unmitigated disaster. How could  this have been avoided ? And the other question is, General Moore left  Vietnam after only 6 months.  What had the military learned, and why was he  pulled. This truly was a formative battle and a precursor of the future.  And a disasterous tribute to the futility on both sides. What a waste.
6303965415|4.0|If you like Jane Austin's style of romance, character development, and plot construction, then you will probably like this film.<br />The story involves the possibility of a second chance at romance conflicted with the  resentment left over from the first attempt. The result has been described  as &quot;an adult fairy tale&quot; or the perfect &quot;chick flick.&quot;  To a degree I could agree with either description, but the story's conflict  is a bit more complex then one would expect for an &quot;adult fairy  tale.&quot;  The conflict between the romantic and rational is  demonstrated: Lady Russell attempts to influence Anne to marry Eliot for  rational reasons all while Anne feels romantically inclined towards  Whetworth. Lady Russell has succeed before since it was her ability to  persuade Anne to turn Wentworth's proposal of marriage down eight years  before. The world's repeated intrusion especially at points when the two  are about to reconcile is contrasted with an unusual scene when a circus  (symbolically the world) finally passes them by when the conflicts are  finally resolved.<br />The character development is subtle. My wife and I have  watched this film many times, and each time we have noticed something new.  Wentworth is resentful, but he still loves Anne (but he goes out of his way  not to show it). Anne still loves Wentworth, but is being careful because  she doesn't want to be hurt. Her comment that her sex will still love  longest when all hope is gone is a perfect summation of her attitude. Most  of the characters are three dimensional, with a couple of intended  exceptions: Anne's father and sister are amusingly single dimensional. The  unintential one dimensional exceptions are Mr Eliot, Lady Russell, and Mrs.  Smith for reasons that will be covered later.<br />The plot construction  involves a series of social reversals that have taken place in eight years:  those reversals involve the economic situation between Wentworth and Anne's  family, the romantic reversals, and the social reversals. The social  reversals are particularily amusing as one observes Anne's father and  sister's obsession with rank and connections. This behavior is reasonable  since the father and sister seem to have lost everything else.<br />There are  several additional things that I like about this film. The photography is  excellect, the sound is good, and the music is simple. The music is  especially good being made up of period pieces played on original  instruments (original instruments have an unusual twang not present in  modern versions of the same instruments).<br />The things that I don't like  might be slightly minor to most audiences: Lady Russell is portrayed  unusually harsh in this film. In other versions of Persuasion (1971), I  believe her character is treated more fairly, yes, she has persuaded Anne  in the past, but not strictly for monetary and social reasons. In the book  and the earlier film, Lady Russell's behavior is motivated by Anne's  happiness and makes her judgments accordingly. The character of Anne's  friend &quot;Mrs. Smith&quot; is portrayed positively in this film (1995)  than in the book or the earlier version of this film (1971). Mrs. Smith is  in a nasty economic situation created by Mr. Eliot. She has a vested  interested in seeing that Anne marries Eliot because it might help her out  of her situation. The 1995 film discards this entire relation and makes the  only connection one of gossip. It makes Mrs. Smith look much nicer, but it  loses yet another view of Mr. Eliot's character. As a result Mr. Eliot and  Mrs. Smith become single dimentional characters and it detracts from the  story. Austin always has at least one rogue in her story. Her rogues  usually have one dark secret which is revealed at some point in her story,  and Persuasion is no exception. But Mr. Eliot's motives, and actions seem  strangely disconnected until nearly the end. Even his relationship with  Mrs. Clay (which isa significant point in the 1971 film and book) is  glossed over. One has to read between the lines to infer his intentions in  regard to Mrs. Clay.<br />I highly recommend this film. I especially recommend  the DVD version with a small amplifier and a pair of external speakers  since some subtle statements, background noise, and music could be lost. I  know since I have watched this film many times on VHS and DVD.<br />My wife  and I love watching this filma significant point in the 1971 film and book) is  glossed over. One has to read between the lines to infer his intentions in  regard to Mrs. Clay.<br />I highly recommend this film. I especially recommend  the DVD version with a small amplifier and a pair of external speakers  since some subtle statements, background noise, and music could be lost. I  know since I have watched this film many times on VHS and DVD.<br />My wife  and I love watching this film
B00003XACV|4.0|This is the Thomas Newman we all know and love.  Sure he did the &quot;Shawshank Redemption&quot; but &quot;American Beauty&quot; brings him back to his roots.  In fact this score kind of reminds me of his music for  &quot;Revenge of the Nerds&quot; back '84.  Now THAT was Old School.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I'm a great Pink Floyd fan... I've heard about Radiohead, but never pay attention to them... Yesterday I bought OK computer: It's, I think, the best disc I've ever heard... (And i have Sgt Pepper, Dark side of the moon,  Nevermind, and other historical records) The musical perfectionis almost  everywhere in this album, the instrumentation complexity is incredible...  Just hear Paranoid Android (I said &quot;hear&quot;, just listen to it with  a lot of attention), it's the most original (and complex)song of the album,  although all songs are great... Definitely, a must buy for everyone that  wants to hear some astounding music.
B000002LK1|5.0|What a great album!  After 10 years it still sounds fresh and vibrant and most importantly vital. A must have for any electronic/techno/alternative fan.
630575067X|4.0|This movie is great. It has fantasic special effects.  The storyline and actors are weaker than those of the trilogy.  How ever it is enjoyable. I would only recomend it to those who don't expect it to be a movie with alot  of character development and a big star wars fan.
B000002UAO|5.0|The impact of this 1965 album is incredible.  The earliest recorded of the five great Beatles albums (Revolver, Sgt. Pepper, White Album, and Abbey Road are the others), Rubber Soul was the album that invented &quot;album  rock.&quot;  This was the first rock album recorded for its own sake,  without any Top Forty hit singles to back it up (Nowhere Man did not appear  on the U.S. version).  The songs &quot;Girl&quot;, &quot;Michelle&quot;,  and &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot; each got massive radio airplay despite never  being released as singles. Before Rubber Soul, most albums were junk,  consisting typically of one or two songs that were Top Forty hit singles  with the rest being throwaway filler tracks.  Thanks to Rubber Soul, rock  artists for the first time got serious about recording albums as works of  art rather than just another way to make money. My favorite songs here are  &quot;Girl&quot; and &quot;In My Live&quot;, but just about everything on  this CD is superb.  However, I don't like the way they tinkered with the  song selection; I would have preferred the original vinyl release format.   The psychedelic cover art was the best of its time and it too was  trendsetting.  Overall, a must have CD for anyone who wants an introduction  to their work, and don't forget the other four!
0792151712|1.0|I don't recomend this movie to anyone at all.  The two people in it fell in love in one minute and the whole movie was about their affairs and their    ! The only reason I give it a single darn is because of the special  effects.  It was a big ball of nothing!
0553212478|5.0|I read Frankenstein for a class called Realism and Romance and I loved it.  I began to feel sympathy for the monster and understood why he became so angry with his heartless creator, Frankenstein who abandoned him and left  him on his own.  The violent reactions the monster receives from the human  characters in the story reflect a truth about human nature in that we are  repulsed by ugly things whether people, animal, or things (like fecal  matter).  The human characters' negative reactions toward the lonely  monster is a reflection of their own prejudice and true inner ugliness.  Let's face it, if you are outwardly beautiful or pretty, you will be  treated better than people who are average or unattractive.  Mary Shelley's  story defines this truth to its utmost extremity.
B0000024W3|5.0|Bob is mellow, relaxed, confident, and in good spirits.  His music sounds great.  Don't listen to the Dylan-philes who rail on about this one, just buy it and be happy.
B000002UZ1|5.0|I am not a fan of their early music, but as they got older they just got better and better.  If you purchase any Beatles album, make sure it is this one.  Not only is it the perfect gift, but it is a CD you will never want  to part with.  All the later classics are here such as the incredible 'A  Day in the Life', 'Sergeant Peppers', 'Obla De Obla Da' and 'Let it Be'.    I cannot even think of a single that is missing off this Part B collection.  Quite possibly the greatest musicians of our time, you owe it to yourself  to buy this.
0679428887|3.0|The premise of this book is great!  Imagine, Stalin's missing notebook!  The first half of the book revolves around the hunt for the notebook, and it is thrilling.<br />Unfortunately, the revelations of the book and the story that follows is a little on the outlandish and less interesting.<br />A decent  way to spend a rainy afternoon.
B000001OAA|5.0|This album is sheer brilliance.  Shirley's voice and the music of Steve, Duke and Butch - an explosive combination.  Every track is amazing. I have owned this album since 1995 and I will never grow tired of it.  This CD is  a must!
B000003N89|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite CD's.  I go back to it again and again.  She is awesome, as is the old Cole trio...
6305784116|1.0|A favorite Disney film ruined by a full-screen DVD release.  This film should have been released in its original theatrical ratio of 1.75:1.  Why has Disney changed its policy about widescreen?  Some people prefer full  screen while others prfer widescreen.  No problem.  Give consumers the  option, like on the excellent Mulan DVD which has both versions.  Once  again, Disney seems to have forgotten that its animated classics are works  of art and should not be altered.  Please remedy this situation with future  Disney Gold Classic titles.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|All I can say Is wow!  this is one sweet album,my favorite beinging I knew i loved u so darn good makes me smile and cry at the same time now that's a rarity anyhow If i were u I'd buy the album cuz it's so darn  good[gives them other bands something to think about ehheee]
0792839749|1.0|One of my favorite childhood films is ruined in this full screen DVD edition.  Please release this fillm in its widescreen version as well!  Why not offer both versions so that consumers have a choice?
B000003S2K|5.0|The four CD's of the Ambient series (one of them, the third, wasn't even officially an Eno CD--it was credited to the main performer, hammer dulcimerist Laraaji) remain eminently listenable pieces of modern music,  challenging but relaxing, accessible but daring, and in no way deserving  the usually-negative phrase &quot;New Age.&quot;  While the fourth,  &quot;On Land,&quot; took the most chances, the first, &quot;Music for  Airports,&quot; got the most things right.  &quot;1/1&quot; is a unique  achievement.  Its backbone is a Satie-like piano riff (written by Eno  friend Robert Wyatt from the Soft Machine) that repeats, but never repeats  quite the same way twice.   &quot;1/2&quot; is, in my opinion, the weakest  track of the set.  Consisting solely of tapes of three female solfege  voices overlapping in changing times and patterns, it sounds pretty for a  few minutes, but simply does not have the surface variety that keeps the  other pieces interesting.  The women's-voice tapes are used to better  effect in &quot;2/1,&quot; the best track on the CD. Here, they move in and  out of epic silences made by Eno's minor-key piano, recalling the fading  and dying notes of John Cage's magnificent last pieces.  Whether this piece  relaxes you, or challenges you, depends on your personality and mood--the  one thing that is for sure is that it will be absolutely fascinating to the  open-minded. &quot;2/2,&quot; a solo synthesizer piece, is almost as good,  projecting a warm, natural beauty and coming to an almost perfect ending.   Buy this CD, and buy a John Cage piano CD if you already have this one.
B00000ILGL|2.0|The first album I had heard from Moroder was Donna Summer's &quot;Once Upon A Time&quot;. What cool synthesizer sounds and excellent melody, I thought - especially the haunting, melancholic synthesizer instrumental  part between &quot;Now I Need You&quot; and &quot;Midnight Shift&quot;.<br />I  thought I'd get more of the same kind of stuff in this album - more rich,  harmonious synthesizer glory. But this was something else.<br />The album is a  non-stop compilation which doesn't even change the beat. Most of the songs  are bland and empty compared to those in Once Upon A Time. There are some  nice touches here and there, but overall I got the feeling there was simply  something missing. The singing - since it's not by Donna Summer, but by  some less known vocalists - isn't too flashy either.<br />I was disappointed.
6301902645|4.0|Steve McQueen, being his natural stoic self, does nothing to dampen the racing car enthusiast's enjoyment of this glorious film!  The Le Mans is a grueling ordeal and practically every nuance of this race is captured in  Lee Katzin's film.  Very little dialogue from McQueen and the slight  subplot regarding the widow of a driving friend, does nothing to cool down  the thrills of this race.  The wonderful and offbeat camera angles are  spectacular. I would recommend it to car aficionados (especially seeing  those classic Porsches) and thrillseekers alike!  Unbelievable!
B000000ZGO|5.0|I was glad to see someone acknowledge that this was a great &quot;make out&quot; album.  With or without a room full of memories to invoke, this is one fine album.  Back in the day, this was one of the first LP's I ever  owned.  I have bought it time and time again; as I wore it out, or loaned  it out, or technology improved.  When I moved kicking &amp; screaming into  CD's (after nearly 2,000 albums), it was on my &quot;must buy&quot;  list.<br />Ike at his best.  The opening drum beats to &quot;Walk On By&quot;  tell the listener to settle back into a comfortable chair for twelve  minutes of pure sonic power.  Bacharach and David certainly could not have  had this in mind when they penned this song (great, in its own right, of  course).  In his first album, Ike showed a great gift he possesses, and he  took this song (like many others) to places they had not  contemplated.<br />Ditto the end of the album, &quot;By the Time I Get To  Phoenix&quot;.  Jim Webb had a fine idea too, but Hayes added a monologue  where he &quot;set it up&quot;, and then a massive orchestra to close out  the show (actually, it was an amazing experience to hear this done live).   He needed every bit of eighteen minutes to make this masterpiece, with an  organ, piano, strings and a fabulous trumpet. <br />A wonderful piece of  music. A must have.
B00003CWPR|5.0|I can't believe what people are saying about the last movie from gratest moviemaker ever. I also can't believe how it wasn't nominated for any Oscars, like cinematography, music, actor, actress  and, most of all, director! Kubrick has aways been ignored by the Academy. Anyway, I saw this movie in the theatre and thought to  myself: that's what movies are for! Its entertaining, intelligent,  captivating and, above all, artistic. Isn't that what cinema is about? I  really recommended...
B00000AF98|1.0|well this ain't it. After listening to this you'll search the inside cover looking for Kip Winger's writing credits. This below par 'pop' album doesn't have a rocker on it. The title tune could be redone by Hanson with  more credibility. This pains me to say this, being a huge KISS fan, but  this album belongs in the garbage bin (not even good enough for the bargain  bin). It should be evident that Gene's presence on this album is that of a  paper tiger. Without Gene to anchor Paul a little bit, you end up with a  light Paul Stanley solo album, which is exactly what this is. I mean c'mon,  this album has Paul Stanley written all over it. KEYBOARDS!  you gotta be  kidding! I guess since Van Halen was doing it, KISS could too. That's the  problem with KISS, a veteran rock band that jumps on every fad and band  wagon that comes along. They were clearly writing this album with their  pockets in mind than their fans. I'd even go as far as to say that their  'disco days' outrock this. EVERY SINGLE SONG SOUNDS THE SAME!  This was a  sad period for KI$$. Thank God they never tried to put out a 'swing' album.  Whoops! I may have spoken to soon.
0312853238|5.0|One of the best books I've ever read. With Ender being the smallest and the rejected one of the family. With his sadistic brother and his loving sister, he is chosen to be one of the few to be shipped off to battle  school to fight an alien race. Very good. Lots of moral dillema's and plot  twists!
B000007OY0|5.0|The Shawshank Redemption is the first Stephen King related movie that I've ever seen that was well-rounded and decent; certainly one of the most dignified and intense prison movies ever made.  I personally think that the  movie's score is first rate and really brought out the overall theme unlike  anything I've heard before.  All performances were great, and I think it is  a crime that Morgan Freeman did not win the Oscar for his brilliant  performance.  The profanity may have been overplayed (but then, what else  do you expect from a prison movie)?  Overall, it is a superb movie.
B000002BPS|5.0|This is the Best Punk-Rock album I have ever listened to, may be even THE best album ever. I recommend it to anyone who likes The Offspring's music, this has to be the best one of the lot so far. Nothing more to say about  it, it rules.
B00000420F|5.0|This delightful recording is an inspiration to young singers everywhere. I am an 18-year old soprano with high aspirations of someday becoming a great operatic performer,  but I know that many years of tedious vocal training  lie ahead before I can live my dream. Therefore, I am confined to the  yellow book. On recommendation from a vocal teacher I had once, I purchased  this CD. It is so awesome! Cecilia shows us that this repertoire does not  have to be dull. In fact,this repertoire can be interpreted with as much  depth, artistry and sheer passion as opera itself. I will never look down  on that yellow book again! Thank you, Cecilia--you have made my long  journey to becoming a great artist alot more enlightening!
B000000QFV|4.0|Yes it is true, this is by no means the best album that has ever been published by the Sabs, but it does not deserve the trashing that it has gotten in the previous reviews either. You surely have to admire the  awesome talent of Tony Martin. Granted the lyrical content (Myth, Magic)  have been used before, remember this is the Sabs :o) Tony Martins vocals  shine as they always do.  A very solid production, and the sound for the  time and the genre of music. Once again I can not say enough about Tony  Martin, who's vocal worj on Anno Mundi are awesome, and Jerusalem, wow what  great work, I am told that this is a song that Tony Martin wrote for a solo  project and decided to use it on the Tyr album. Iommi's work as ususal,  awesome, not given the true accolades that he deserves, but I am sure that  is because of the NAME of the band. Kind of turns people off! Needless to  say this is by far one of the best works of the band and well worth the  price of the CD. Do yourself a favor, get this for your collection, you  will not be disappointed.
0395645662|4.0|This is a wonderful book showing what possibly may happen in the future.  Lois Lowry opens the readers' eyes to the possibilities that life may not always be as we know it now.  Jonas, the main character, is an apprehensive  eleven year old at the beginning of this book.  He turns into a very wise,  knowledgable twelve-year-old.  The Giver and Jonas live in a dull community  without individualism, colors or any change at all (in weather, land,  people, etc.).  Jonas and the Giver are the only people in their community  who have feelings and hold the memories (of pain and pleasure) of the past.   To see how Jonas tries to save the memories of the past, read this  thought-provoking story by Lois Lowry!
0792156684|1.0|The movie's special effects weren't all that spectacular with exception to the last 30 minutes. The movie, in general, was rather dull and had an unbelievable and uncomplicated love story mixed with utterly two  dimentional characters. If you wan't a good love story try An American in  Paris, but if you want to see a boat explode fast forward to the end of  this movie because the entire first 3/4 are not worth wasting your life  over.
B000002HJD|4.0|&quot;~This is a great record. Although I must admit that don't always understand what morrison means by his sayings. But I very much like the words he uses and how he combines them. His voice is definately  hypnotizing. (t)his intense legacy!
0451191153|5.0|Ive read this book in a Dutch translation. It was the first time I heard of Ayn Rand.This book was marvellous to read. The story of Roark is one of the victory of the individual over the mass. It is about a person's integrity, so difficult to keep in a society like ours.  It was a great  surprise to me to discover that this book was written in the first half of  the century and moreover by a woman. Nor the subject, nor the style of  writing can indicate this. The subject is timeless.  I can understand some  don't like this book very much because in this real world we don't often  meet people like Roark. He belongs to a novel. We don't have to compare  ourselves or others with such an ideal character. It didn't spoil my  reading and I can only recommend this novel very much.
B000002UCQ|5.0|One thing to think about when looking at George Harrison's career is that during the early 1970's Harrison was one the biggest artists in popular music. All things Must Pass was number one on the ablum chart for two  months when it was released in late 1970. This was no small accomplishment  when considering that this record was a little over one hundreded minutes  long. All Things Must Pass is not a flawless recording. The is some 15  minutes of jamming at the end of disc two that goes on way, way too long.   Having said that, this is George Harrison's greatest record and one of rock  and roll's  finest collection of songs. If you are looking get into the  music of George Harrison's solo career, this is the place to start. All  Things Must Pass is a better reflection of his song writing talent then  either of the two greatest hits albums that he has released. This is one of  Rock and Roll's 100 finest recordings. The stand out songs are My Sweet  Lord which was number one for four weeks, What is Life which was also a top  ten hit, All Things Must Pass, Beware of Darkness and I'd Have You Anytime  which Harrison wrote with Bob Dylan. Note This album could stand to be  remastered and needs better liner notes. It doesn't list some of the great  people who play on it (Eric Clapton for One).
0425170055|1.0|If Clancy had cut about 300 pages of repetitious internal monologues it might have been at least readable.  He didn't.  Clancy thinks quantity makes a good book.  He proves that wrong.  The plot was unbeliveable.  The  characters flat and poorly motivated.  Clancy is obviously not a student of  human nature--not even to the extent of creating believable villans.  The  premises in the book are completely implausible.  Thousands of people  banding together to kill off humankind--with almost perfect security?   Right. He doesn't even bother to check the tempertures in Sidney in July.   It's winter there, John.  It's cold.  It's not 97 degrees F.  He proves  that all it takes is a big name to sell a book.  I'll never buy another one  of Clancy's peices of trash.  I've been burned once.  I won't be a fool and  be burned again.
B0000024Z7|5.0|The first time I heard Caravanserai, I was 17 years old playing chess with French friend in a small fisherman's house on the windy island Yeu outside the coast of France. Concentrated on the game, the first song or two I only  vaguely heard but when the marvellous \\"Song of the wind\\" came out of the  loudspeakers, the mood of the song entered into the game in a strange way.  I played as in a trance and, as far as I remember also eventually won the  game. This was many years ago, but the album still is one of my all-time  favourites and by far the best Santana album ever. This is if you prefer  the jazzier style to the sing-along-pop that came later. The first six  songs should be listened to in sequence, from the \\"exotic\\" mood of the  introductory song (Eternal caravan of reincarnation) through \\"Song of the  wind\\" ending with the fast moving final \\"All the love of the universe\\". The  last four songs required a few more listenings, but are also really good.  The final \\"Every step of the way\\" has an unsurpassed energy and really  pulls you into the music. Try to keep the rhythm of the bongo drums on that  one if you can!
B000002I7H|4.0|Many blues fans have been disappointed because Albert King's classic &quot;Born under a bad sign&quot; album was only available as a high=priced (and now-out-of-print) gold audiophile disc. What many don't realize is  that EVERY TRACK from that classic disc is included on this &quot;best  of&quot; CD (but in a different order). It even includes a few bonus  tracks. If you've longed for the best of Albert King look no further. It's  here, baby!
0684867621|4.0|I thought is was great, just like everything else Mr. King writes. I could not put it down. I finished the book in just one day. Thank you for sharing your gift Mr. King.
B00003CX5A|5.0|This movie was exellent.  Johnny Depp was a great wimpy hero (if thats possible).  not to mention he looked quite nice.  anyway, it is one of those movies where you laugh and jump at the same time.  It was gory but at  the same time it wasn't.  It showed heads flying but in a nice way.  (if  thats possible)  definatly 5 stars.
0385486804|4.0|Three years ago I was infuriated with Chris McCandless.  &quot;Every man has the desire to set off on a journey of his own,&quot; I told a friend with whom I worked.  &quot;At our age {I was then the same age as McCandless was at the time of his death.} it is normal to want to create a  reality where it is you versus them.  We are now grown up, after all.  We  are Men.  Men in a world that our parents created.  Men in a world that we  do not like.  Men in a world that does not like us.  And the only way we  can get them to like us is to become exactly like them.  Who wants to work  forty plus hours a week for a boss who would just as soon fire you so that  he or she could keep their indoor pool heated during the winter?  Who would  want that really?  No one.  But that is where disipline comes in.  This is  what Chris lacked...&quot;  I went on and on on this tangent.  And for the  most part I believed it.  I honestly felt that Chris was a coward and an  egotist.  Why, I asked, would Chris take photos of himself if he planned to  rough it for the sake of roughing it?  Are photos not for the benefit of  others to shuffle through while nodding in amazement?  &quot;You really  killed a moose and ate it?  Wow!&quot;  I saw Chris as a poseur.  I saw him  using the outdoor lifestyle the way that Hollywood moviestars use Yoga or  kickboxing or Tibet: a personality's fashion accessory to casually toss  across the conversation table in the hopes of impressing those on the other  side. I put the book away. Three years passed. Yesterday I reread Into the  Wild.  I am no longer angry at Chris.  Somethings happened to me in those  three short years that gave me insight into Chris' vision.  {I will not  bore you with the details of my life's trials and tribulations.}  My anger  is replaced with respect.  Chris lived his life as he chose and he faced  his death with courage.  In the four months Chris lived off the land and  lived his dream, Chris came closer to the essence of beinghuman than most  others would ever come if they lived for a hundred years in the safety and  security of a life closed in by a white picket fence.  Chris' death is  tragic and there is considerable talk of the waste of potential due to a  'lack of respect for the power of mother nature.'  Perhaps this is true.   Perhaps if Chris emerged from those woods, gaunt, weakened, and wise, he  would write a great American novel that would touch the masses and remind  us all of our connection to the land.  Perhaps but unlikely.  Most likely  Chris would leave the woods and write a book, as his expressed an intent to  do, that would be published by a small press and read only by his close  friends and family.  Chris would continue his pattern of a few months in  society followed by an exodus into the unknown.  His amazing tales would be  told over beers and a dishfull of nuts but the rest of us would never know  of Alex Supertramp. Chris died and that is what gives his story the emotion  that make a bestseller.  And being a bestseller, we are here talking about  it.  And because we talk, some of us will learn.  And that is the point,  isn't it?  To learn. Yes, it is safer to live by the rules our fathers and  mothers laid down.  Yes, it is wiser to wait until your body and mind are  strong enough for a challenge until you drop yourself into a it.  But for  some people, people like Chris, to live by the rules is a slow and painful  death.  Chris lived the life he loved and died for it.  In the process he  opend a dialoge and touched the lives of many people he never met.  In a  small, almost imperceptable way, he changed the world.  He gave us insight  and caution.  He taught us of the vaule of human life and how to live a  valuable life. I am not angry at Chris.  I am proud of him.
6305499365|1.0|I was very dissappointed with Office Space.  I expected great things from this movie based on the trilers the movie seemed like an interesting concept and something most people could relate to.  Needless to say, I was  very disappointed.  The only humor in this film are provided by two  characters with about 5 minutes of screen time shared between them.  I'll  just say that this movie could have been done better.
B000002L9J|5.0|Some CD's take on a life of their own, and this CD is one of them.  It is as close to perfect as any piece of music can get.  Strong tracks, great singing--the entire package. The driven title track that opens the CD sets  the standard, and everything meets the mark.  How can anyone not smile  while listening to &quot;Bigmouth Strikes Again&quot;--perhaps the best  Smiths' cut ever--as he listens to lyrics like &quot;and now I know how  Joan of Arc felt&quot;? &quot;Cemetery Gates&quot; will take you back to  what you remember from British Literature class as you ponder the allusions  present. &quot;Vicar in a Tutu&quot; is another track that inspires a  grin--because it is so very true. And &quot;The Boy With the Thorn In His  Side&quot; showcases Morrissey's vocals at their very best.  The Smiths  never achieved their rightful place in music in the States.  Those who  never caught on missed something truly dramatic.  It's not too late,  though; &quot;The Queen Is Dead&quot; can bring you to life as a Smiths'  fan.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road is the last recorded album done by the beatles.. Despite of all legal and business mess Beatles managed to put out one of the best album. George Harrison contributed two beautifully written songs Something and  Here Come the Sun. Something would become one of the best love song ever  written. Because is the best 3-part harmony song ever written by John  Lennon. This album is also known for its medleys on B-Side. Perhaps, the  best way to listen to B-side is to listen from You Never Give My Money to  The End non-interrupted..
B00003CWL6|5.0|After a 5-month wait, I finally saw the movie, and boy was it worth it.  The script is great, the cinematography astounding, great directing, and the greatest performance of a cast.  All of the are amazing, but boy does  Kevin Spacey do wonders. I have never seen him funnier, and he gave the  movie so much life.  He is too often ignored by the Academy, and I pray  that he does not get robbed of what is rightfully hison Oscar night.
B000002MIY|1.0|This was really an awful effort by Donald Fagen. The once brilliant composer/arranger/vocalist fails to present any inspired material on this disc.  There is a monotony and reduncancy to the material that eventually  leaves the listener disinterested.  The musicianship is also sub-standard.  The drums in particular are stiff and annoying. On Nightfly and previous  Steely Dan efforts Fagen (and Becker) were wise enough to surround  themselves with the finest (mostly L.A.)musicians.   Pity they didn't  invest a little more effort in recruiting here.  Give this one a miss,  stick with Steely Dan, and the Nightfly...Simon
B000002UKS|4.0|I bought this album about a month after it's release, and since that I've been into this group- until now ( ok, so the new one is a bit too commercial, so what? ). This still isn't the best of the group, because the  production make it sound maybe a little too mainstream, as the first one  was sounded really alternative. The peak of the album is, without doubt,  &quot;Monkey Wrenh&quot;, whichis catchy as hell as it's simpleness. Other  great tracks are: Doll, Enough Space, February Stars, Everlong and New way  Home. Well, actually almost each and every one of these songs are great,  but especially those ones... No, wait! I don't like Walking After You,  which is one of the most clichd rockballads ever... So, this is absolutely  worth of listening, although there are some signs of the forthcoming  commerciality. Geewhish
031286504X|5.0|I've read this book a total of 4 times.  And I must say that once I start reading this book, I cannot put it down.  It's so damn realistic that I always end up trying to imagine myself as a survivor and joining forces with Robert Neville to battle the creepy vampires.  That is, until I find  out we were the bad guys who needed to be terminated...
0156528207|5.0|one of the top 10 or so books you must read in your lifetime. but don't expect to find a dry eye in the house when you're done. as sad as it is beautiful.
076781326X|5.0|You can forget, if you haven't seen this film in some time, just how great the music is.  &quot;Consider Yourself&quot;, &quot;As Long As He Needs Me&quot; and &quot;Food, Glorious Food&quot; are great songs complemented  by outstanding choreography in this great movie.  My children (7 &amp; 4)  were a troubled by the beating death of Nancy by Bill Sikes, but I  anticipated it and fast-forwarded thru that section.  The main story is  heartening, though, and my entire family has been humming the songs for  days!
B00000JCB2|5.0|This is a fantastic album. Good Tracks are, &quot;Just Like This&quot;, &quot;NOOKIE&quot;, &quot;BREAK STUFF&quot;, &quot;Re-arranged&quot;, &quot;I'm Broke&quot;, &quot;Nobody like You&quot;, &quot;9 Teen 90  Nine&quot;, &quot;N2 Gether Now&quot; and the secret track with the  &quot;Bald Guy&quot; is very, very funny. Every second word is S**T!  Buy  this album, it Rocks.
6305311463|5.0|OK, it's not art...but it's not supposed to be!  This movie was exactly what it promised to be...a highly entertaining summer blockbuster.  Of course it's not perfectly scientifically accurate, but it's a stunning  sensory experience.  Both the sights and sounds are some of the best I've  seen on DVD.  For those of you who love action and science fiction, ignore  those &quot;art&quot; critics who insist on reviewing this movie like a  &quot;film&quot;...this is a MUST SEE!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage Against the Machine are the best band in the world. This is another great album from them. The best tracks are, &quot;Guerrilla Radio&quot;, &quot;Sleep Now in the Fire&quot;, &quot;Born of a Broken Man&quot;,  &quot;Maria&quot; and Australian Bonus Track, &quot;No Shelter&quot;. No  wonder it made Number 2 in Australia and Number 1 in USA. You'll be glad  you bought it if you do. Much better then KORN.
0688172377|4.0|Dear editor,  I read your book and I think this a remarkable, rather brilliant piece of literature in modern times. It is not only because of Waris` touching story how she finally succeeded in getting that modelling job. To me, it is more the insight in a nomad`s life how they live and how  they are confrontated with western attitudes.  It is quite certain that  Waris` story sounds realistic to the reader, though I have to remark that  some passages in the book seem either not to be happened or unrealistic.  Sometimes I ask myself how a girl at the age of 13 years managed to find  Mogadishu (her aunt) almost on her own when running through the desert for  weeks without having anything to drink or to eat. Well, perhaps  it is my  lack of imagination or more her strong bond to nature or even simply her  female intuition.  Due tu the fact that the language is far-reaching,  easy  to understand and that I can easily identify with Waris Dirie, I think on  the whole this is a very good book. Apart from some critical points I can  only recommend this to others.
B00000IQBM|1.0|Anyone who has ever read the book knows that this movie is based on someting other then the king novel. Not one thing is true to the book and The movie is laughable at best. There isn't one thing scary about it  either. It is some of the flat out worst acting I have ever seen it my  life. How any one can praise and even somewhat like this movie is completly  lost to me. <br />Like the novel silence of the lambs the scariest and most  improtant scences in the novels where completly left out of the movie.  <br />This movie is just terrible. I actually could barely stand to seat  through the entire thing.  Danny talkin to his fingure which is  &quot;supposed to be tony&quot; was just bad. see in the bood tony is an  actual person that he sees far of in the distance(sortof) not his fingure.  I could pount out ever little bad part about this movie but I just don't  have the time. <br />Please skip the movie and read the book. It is one of the  best I have ever read and more scary then the movie(which actually isn't)
0688172377|4.0|Dear editor,  I read your book and I think this a remarkable, rather brilliant piece of literature in modern times. It is not only because of Waris` touching story how she finally succeeded in getting that modelling job. To me, it is more the insight in a nomad`s life how they live and how  they are confrontated with western attitudes.  It is quite certain that  Waris` story sounds realistic to the reader, though I have to remark that  some passages in the book seem either not to be happened or unrealistic.  Sometimes I ask myself how a girl at the age of 13 years managed to find  Mogadishu (her aunt) almost on her own when running through the desert for  weeks without having anything to drink or to eat. Well, perhaps  it is my  lack of imagination or more her strong bond to nature or even simply her  female intuition.  Due tu the fact that the language is far-reaching,  easy  to understand and that I can easily identify with Waris Dirie, I think on  the whole this is a very good book. Apart from some critical points I can  only recommend this to others.
B0000028RR|5.0|This is probably the best cd I own (and I own many cd's) It just doesn't get old. I have listened to it a million times and each time I notice something I didn't before. It's better than Evil Empire and Battle Of L.A  put together.( Then again I hated Battle) Tom Morello(Rage's guitarist) is  without a doubt the best guitarist of the 90's and he's the main reason I  picked up guitar. People compare them to bands like Korn and Limp Bizkit  and that's embarrassing so if you read something somewhere that puts RATM  and Korn, LB, etc.. in the same category and you think &quot;well I hate  Korn&quot; so you think they must sound similiar since they're grouped  together ,it doesn't matter, get this cd anyway.  Rage sounds nothing like  the bands mentioned. Rage started &quot;rap-core&quot;, these other bands  just brought a bad name to it. Rock on
0140277447|5.0|Iris Chang is a superb writer, able to make a complex subject flow smoothly.  The book is neither emotional nor dry but carries the reader forward easily.  Three points of view are put forward, the Japanese,  Chinese, and Westerners who were there. One of the most interesting  chapters was &quot;The Fate of the Survivors&quot;, which details the  destiny of many of the leading characters that were present in 1937  Nanking.  It was heartwarming to read how the people of China were able to  help John Rabe (one of the principle defenders of the Nanking Chinese) and  his family through a very rough time years later. The atrocities are all  there but the book does not focus on them.  The intent of the book is to  make sure that history does not forget the people who died in Nanking in  1937/8. Iris Chang is very convincing and the book has the ring of truth.   I strongly recommend it to everyone.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I have all of the Blink albums and Enema lives up to my expectations for them.  They're an awesome band, they're so funny and so original- there's no one out there like them.  I love them forever and you will too if you  hear their album!   I love BLINK!  TOM'S HOT!  CASTRO! (TOM YOU KNOW  WHAT I'M TALKIN ABOUT) Buy the Uretha Chronicles it's awesome!  I will see  all you Blink fans in Worchester on May 29th at the concert!
B000002J1O|5.0|Ah, yes those were the days... Peter Gabriel dressed up as a Christmas tree, hordes of long-haired shaggy students in Afghan coats, clutching albums with only three songs on them... This record stands out among its  contemporaries (Yes, ELP) and even other Genesis albums, because it has it  all; fantastic music, humor, moods, melodies. It is a veritable  roller-coaster ride of prog. Great stuff!
0375410341|5.0|For those of you who've pored over White Wolf's 'Borderlands' anthologies, finished every last Tanith Lee, Clive Barker et. al. book you can get your hands on;  for those of you who've heard whispers and, maybe, had a little  taste of the new trend in horror, 'imaginiative fiction ...' for everyone  who seeks, afraid of what they might find but aware the entire time of the  futility of the search ... for those hungry, desperate, and just plain  looking for a new good scare ... House of Leaves.  Danielewski has prepared  for us a vast and crippling epic of horror, more intelligent and incredibly  more enjoyable than anything else published to date.  This work is simply  incredible, and I highly expect to hear much of Danielewski in the coming  months and years.  Thank you, Mr. Danielewski, for giving us House of  Leaves.
B0000013G9|5.0|&quot;~I fell in love with TLC when I first heard &quot;Unpretty&quot; from their Fanmail album.  Just recently I was able to obtain&quot;~
006016848X|4.0|The book should come with a warning, &quot;IF THERES NO LOVE FROM BOTH, IT WON'T WORK&quot;, this book have things that could help, but is too full of fantasy with utopical scenarios. And if both of the couple love each other, it will require a lot of patience and work. But most f all, love and the  will to make things work.
6305181772|1.0|We all know Brian Depalma hasn't had an original idea since capuccino was invented, that he irregularly stumbles into a commercial success just often enough to keep him in cannolis.<br />But this deal is a bigger mistake than  usual. I mean it starts with Henry Czerny delivering the famous `Good  Morning Mr. Phelps' line. Are you kidding me? Henry friggin' Czerny? (and I  like Henry Czerny!) It is blasphemy of the highest order. Maybe Fran  Drescher will be available for the sequel.<br />On to our `hero'-his name is  Ethan Hunt. All the on-screen presence of Ethan Hawke, plus  all the  machismo of Helen Hunt. Now I don't know how many focus groups it took to  come up with it, but every time Mr. Cruise's on-screen monniker was spoken  throughout the film, I couldn't help but think I was either at a polo match  or a drug-anon meeting.<br />A superb cast. Emmanuelle Beart-wasted, Jean  Reno-wasted, Kristin Scott Thomas, Henry Czerny, Ving Rhames, Jon  Voight-wasted, wasted, wasted, and wasted. Dale Dye even gets a chance to  make a less than meaningful impression.<br />I can't agree that the story was  confusing--it was just plain stupid. David Koepp should've done  better-although sadly (without giant dinosaurs) this might just be his best  , and Steven Zaillian, a true talent should be ashamed.<br />An out and out  embarrassment at every level.
B000002BE9|2.0|I wasn't super pleased with this, considering the reviews behind it. THis album is kinda boring, not very inventive. Spend the money on the Rushmore Soundtrack.
6304077955|5.0|Without a doubt, Mike Leigh's Naked is one of the most brilliant examples of filmmaking I have ever seen.<br />David Thewlis is nothing short of genius as the aimless Johnny, a combustible combination of brilliance and  depression, who's mere presence in anyone's purview contaminates and  destroys with the effectiveness of Round-Up.<br />Mesmerizing and fast-paced,  there is no shortage of excellence in the smaller plots and characters:  Greg Cruttwell is spectacular as the pompous, nouveau-riche Jeremy, and the  two female leads, Leslie Sharp and Katrin Cartlidge provide well balanced  juxtaposition as two very different femmes damaged.<br />Not for the faint of  heart, Naked will test one's own philosophy, and leave you stripped bare.
B000002IZM|5.0|I thought that the Orchestra was awsome , then I heard this. Needless to say I was hooked. Vangelis is a genius.I still think the orchestral version is awsome, but this one does deserve due credit, it's quite posibly the  best soundtrack ever made.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Although not nearly as good as their first CD, Limp Bizkit came back strong with Significant Other.
6300213803|5.0|this is the best movie i have ever seen.  Admerial Kirk was brillian in fighting the evil Bork leader Khan.  Khan was the original Bork seed in the series, and he returns with a vengence.  &quot;It is very cold in  space...&quot; is a line I use all the time.  Spock's Blue Vulcan Blood  flows bravely through this film, sadly his last in the series, I've heard.   &quot;Bones&quot; McHoy was fun to watch too.  A classic sci-fi movie and  it makes me want to see the rest of the films someday too.
0062502182|4.0|Paulo Coehlo is a gifted author who succeeds in captivating the heart of the reader. This fable is beautifully written and will be understood by anyone who has sought her own destiny and path in life, regardless of the difficulties along the way. This book is often compared to the Little  Prince, and not entirely without justification. A crucial difference  nonetheless is that St. Exupery's protagonist does not need to be rewarded  by materialistic gain. In fact, the little prince is entirely unimpressed  by his visit to the planet upon which the businessman is conducting  business non-stop. Despite the warmth and spirituality of &quot;The  Alchemist&quot;, the shepard is ultimately rewared by a material treasure.  The reader is left to reason for herself that the spiritual treasures and  knowledge acquired on his journey overshadow this material wealth.
6305661111|4.0|a wonderful movie with a wonderful love story to go with the events of the loss of the great ship titanic. if you want suspense, adventure, and great special affects it has it too. its worth seeing over and over again.
B000003TSP|5.0|so, i listened to portishead before i ever heard dummy.  i'd have to say that i like it much more than dummy.  i know people think it's not as good as dummy, and now that i have both, i can see why, but portishead will  always be my favorite.  the music just lulls you into a world that is all  at once comfortable and strange...any kind of music that can do that is  okay in my book.
B000002O5L|4.0|All I can say is that I wish I was there when Petty and Jeff Lynne wrote &quot;Free Fallin'&quot; - This is a really great record along with some real folkie stuff mixed in on the second half of the album - Petty's lyrics  along with Mike Campbell's lead playing are first rate....Pick this one  up...
0449227545|2.0|As a fan of Follett's books, this one is a disappointment. I suspect that he was short of cash when this one went to press. It has little of the quality, in-depth character portrayal that I've seen in his other books and the story line is pure fantasy, not just fiction. Not recommended.
B000001DV2|3.0|Is it a little strange for a band who just lost their founding guitarist to put out the most meaningless, catchy, commercially-orientated album ever?  .  <br />  Adrenalize, upon first listen, is sheer delight.  10 songs,  occasionally reaching new heights, such as White Lightning, Let's Get Rock,  and Stand Up, and the rest, while it may be unoriginal, is certainly  catchy.  Only in retrospect does it show that this album is just not up to  snuff with their other releases.<br />  Listening carefully to the rhythms and  it shows, plain as day, that this album is one Hysteria / Pyromania rip  after another, from Heaven Is (Photograph), to Tonight (Foolin) to Stand Up  (Hysteria) to Personal Property (Don't Shoot Shotgun) to I Wanna Touch You  (Pour Some Sugar),  Occasionally this album is great, however, and the  inclusion of the Hysteria B-side 'Tear it Down' shows that this band still  knows how to rock.<br />  Despite the death of Steve Clark, the guitar attack,  courtesy of Phil Collen all by his lonesome, is a major step up from  Hysteria, as well.  It shows just how overrated Clark was and how  underrated Phil Collen was.  <br />  Adrenalize isn't original at all, save  for the three great cuts (Let's Get Rocked, White Lightening, Stand Up)  that still show this band wasn't done yet.  It may be contrived, but it  sounds perfect while it's playing.  Just don't compare it.
0385484518|5.0|For those of you thinking about reading Tuesdays With Morrie by Mitch Albom, quit thinking about it.  This is a must read book.  Mitch Albom, a well-known sports writer, has written a book in Tuesdays With Morrie that will be respected and recognized as one of the `90's greatest works.   The book, in its miniscule 192 pages, is highlighted by Albom's fascinating  description of his relationship with Morrie.  Albom develops both Morrie  and his character with amazing efficiency.  This character development  helps the reader to feel every emotion that both Morrie and Albom encounter  in the final months of Morrie's life.  Readers will find themselves  appreciating the finer aspects of life that we sometimes take for granted  after reading this book.  This is a true story that will leave you glowing  and feeling great for months after you read it.
B000001DVD|4.0|High n Dry is Leppard's 'transitional' album from the heavy rock of their early days to the more pop-oriented sounds of their successes to come.  Consequently, the sound on this album clashes quite a bit, but it's still a  treasure.<br />  The first half of High n Dry is absolutley flawless rock.   Let it Go kicks it off, it runs through 'Another Hit and Run', then it goes  into Leppard's first true poppy tune, the title track, then into the  prototypical power-ballad, Bringing on the Heartache, through Switch 625, a  phenominal instrumental showcasing Steve Clark using his limited technical  skills to their peak.<br />  The second half sags a bit, as if Leppard wasn't  quite used to their transition yet.  And throughout the album, Joe Elliot  sounds either convincingly raw or totally silly, he'd find his voice by  next album, thankfully.  And Steve Clark, rest his soul, but the man is one  of the most overrated guitarists I've ever heard.  His sense of melody is  unparralled, as showcased on Switch 625, but as a lead soloist, he just  doesn't have the techincal gifts that Pete Willis and later, Phil Collen  have.  Not enough 'Ooo.. Aahh' for me.<br />  The Lep's sound wasn't fully  developed yet, but High n Dry is a great slice of rock from a band that's  remembered for their more pop-material.  If you prefered Pyromania, Slang,  or Euphoria to Hysteria and Adrenalize, you'll like this one.
B00003CWPQ|5.0|understand what the director was trying to do. Look at the title! This is dream taking place in reality. People complain that the film doesn't move fast enough, that the scenes tend to never pan out. Just like in a dream.  And that's the point that far too few people get. <br />The performances in  this movie (especially Nicole Kidman) are unbelievable. The scene where she  and Bill (Cruise) are in the bedroom smoking pot is one of the most  incredible jobs of acting I've ever seen. She really DOES look stoned, she  really SEEMS to be giggling out of control. And the monologue that follows  is nothing short of hypnotic in its delivery. All in all, an amazing  scene.<br />The films scenery, and the atmosphere it exudes, it's all classic  Kubrik.  For me, it had the same sort of  aura that &quot;A Clockwork  Orange&quot; had, so if you liked or hated that movie could be a good  barometer of whether or not you'll want to get this video.<br />The bottom  line: If you are able to find the underlying theme in movies, you don't  need a car chase or and explosion to stay interested, you don't refer to  scenes with dialogue as, &quot;the boring part&quot;, and you have enjoyed  Kubrik in the past, you just may love this video.
0399134204|4.0|This book was enjoyable to read because the author used lots of simple dialogue to familiarize the reader, while ahe also used a lot of descriptive words to allow the reader to fully actually &quot;see&quot; the  settings and scenes of the story.  The novel had a lot of beautiful  metaphors and at times also had a sort of poetic tone to it, but it also  had simple dialogue to tone down the mood so the reader could relate to the  different stories.  Overall, I could relate to all the stories perfectly  well as an Asian American myself, so I thought it was pretty accurate and  it was beautifully and simply written. The only negative thing about the  novel would be that sometimes you could get mixed up with all the different  stories.
B000002GYR|5.0|As stated before, the best word used to describe Tom Waits is &quot;originality&quot;. On Closing Time, he brought this mark of originality to the world and since has grasped the listening ears of  numerous people around the world. The songs on the album, such as &quot;I  hope that/don't fall in love w/you&quot; and &quot;Martha&quot; serve as a  pre-cursor to one of the great and true original bodies of work in all of  music history. It is only one of Waits' numerous masterpeices and  definately should not be missed!
0783222955|5.0|&quot;~This is arguably the finest motion picture ever made about the Vision called &quot;America.&quot; It is an idealist recreation of small-town and rural United States. It explains the Great Depression,  especially in the South, in a way that makes that&quot;~ rendering of her  book, its time, place and people. Fatherhood has never been so splendidly  delineated, childhood so perceptively depicted, bigotry so  thoroughly&quot;~ see in the superb opening credits, each item being  carefully taken from its place in an old cigar box. And finally, in the  closing moments, we connect the title to the basis of this story's  morality, much as Atticus Finch tells it to his son, Jem, when presenting  him with a small-calibre rifle: &quot;... you must never kill a mockingbird  ....&quot;&quot;~ vision worth living up to, and seeing over and over.  Every father should be Atticus Finch, every child should live in the secure  simplicity of &quot;Macomb.&quot; Peck won Best Actor, and Horton Foote  best screenplay writer. The film won the &quot;British Oscar&quot; -  BAFTA's award -for best foreign film, and Alan Pakula won BAFTA's award as  best director of a foreign film.
B0000042H4|5.0|Este &aacute;lbum del Anillo del Nibelungo de Solti es la mejor grabaci&oacute;n de Opera que se haya  hecho en toda la historia de la humanidad sin lugar a dudas. La interpretacion de Sir Georg Solti es contundente, cada pasaje del  anillo est&aacute; perfectamente ejecutada, sorprendiendo al oyente de la mejor  forma. Ademas que Solti utiliza un elenco de primer nivel; Hotter, Nilsson,  Windgassen, Neidlinger, Christa Ludwig, James King, R&eacute;gine Crespin. En la  actualidad simplemente no existe un elenco posible de la calidad del  anteriormente mencionado. La grabacion de Decca es EXTRAORDINARIA.<br />No  dude en comprar este ciclo del RING, puede ser la mejor compra que haga en  su vida!<br />Francisco J. Mu&ntilde;oz
B000005RMY|4.0|With only a few songs that drag on.  The dark beginnings become apparent on the cover of the Rolling Stones' Gimme Shelter.  It is perhaps the best song on the album coming off as sinister as Andrew Eldritch can be.  The  second version of Kiss the Carpet while good comes too soon after the  first. While not as good as Vision Thing, this is a solid album.
0380973464|5.0|A super book! A great follow-up in the tradition of the Illuminatus Trilogy by R.A. Wilson.  Neal Stephenson's attention to detail is thought provoking and enlightening.  The book starts off in WWII and takes us to  the present with flashbacks all the way.  Each of the (past/present)  stories are captivating and worthy on their own merit. Thank you Neal!
0385493800|4.0|&quot;~The Testment was a good read overall.  It show's how greedy lawers get.  How rich heirs act dispite their financial problems.  There are a few parts of the story that can be left untold.  Everyone knows buy reading the  inside cover, that Nate O'Reily goes into the Amazon.  Now, Grisham has  been there several times, and really wants everyone to know what it was  like.  Fine, but, some of the details can be left out.&quot;~ happening  back Stateside, and I was more interested in knowing more about what was  happening there than in the Amazon.
0804106304|5.0|I hate reading but this book mesmerized me from the begginning till the end. Amy Tan did a great job in keeping reader &quot;hooked&quot; wanting to know more about each cheracter in the story. She also did a great job in  detaling the generation/culture gap that occured in the story. I really  liked reading this book, it is the first book in a long time where I give  up computer gaming time for.Moms and daughters of the book struggled  through differnt things brought up by the &quot;gaps&quot;, but at the end  you'll find a triumph endying that'll put a smile on you for quit some  time.
B00000JCOV|3.0|Well it seems to me Slipknot have finally done what they kept saying they wouldn't. Sold out. I wouldn't say this album was bad; it has brilliant guitar playing and some good songs, its just that it has been heard all  before. However, it is far superior to all the  &quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;nu-metal&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot; like  LIMP DICKWITS and KORNERDS... anyway if you want some good electric guitar  music then check out Early Manic Street Preachers, Nine Inch Nails, and  Rage Against The Machine with clever lyrics and not just random  swearing....
0688158234|5.0|We were very impressed by reading this book and learning about such an extraordinary life as Waris had. Once we began reading we could hardly stop because her story is so fascinating and moving. Her way of telling about her whole life is quite simple and very emotional. We often wondered about  the fact of having as much luck as Waris had. But in the end we couldn`t  decide if her life really was full of luck. There have been many hard times  for her and her courage to overcome all these difficulties is admirable.  She has been in very bad situations and her way of dealing with them shows  her different mentality.  As a conclusion we`d like to say that we are glad  to have read &quot;Desert Flower&quot; in our English lesson because this  book is not one to read and forget about. It tells the true story of a  fascinating life.
B00003CWPR|4.0|Stanley Kubrick was a master of cinema as true art.  Eyes Wide Shut continues his tradition of careful attention to craft and subtext.  While a bit slow at moments, the film is entirely engrossing and impossible to turn  off or walk away from.  The sequence at the mansion is one of the most  visually powerful and haunting I've ever seen.  Eyes Wide Shut is a film  rife with symbolism dealing with the truth and deception of marriage.  The  performances by Cruise and Kidman are powerful and effortless.  This is a  film that requires you to view it from start to finish before drawing any  conclusions as to the quality of the script or story.  Do yourself a favor  and see it.  It will really get you thinking.
B000001E7V|1.0|love making teeny-condom music. dont buy this. buy massive attack and cannibal corpse, tricky used to be in cannibal corpse before he got kicked out for being stupid. now his music is on condom commercials.
630575067X|5.0|I thought that darth maul had a very darth vader way about him.  George did a good job with that.  The whole mystic behind the sith was still there.  The jedi had somehow changed... I don't know how to explain it but  they were not the jedi we know and love from the original trilogy.  I still  loved the movie.  George, don't feel bad.  You can't make everyone happy.
B0000048YO|4.0|It's been a few years since I saw Gilda, and I don't remember much of the plot, other than Glenn Ford has trouble with his boss because the boss' wife is Rita Hayworth, a former flame of Ford's.  You're not going to watch  this movie for the plot and the dialogue.  You're going to watch this movie  to see Rita.  Her performance as Gilda has got to be one of the sexiest  performances I have ever seen.  I can't think of an actress at work today  that could have done it better.  Her beauty and appeal are perfectly  showcased in her &quot;striptease&quot; to &quot;Put The Blame on  Mame&quot;.  It's hard to believe that she only takes off one glove in the  number, because it has the same affect as if she took a lot more off!    Plot and dialogue?  Forget it.  Rita?  Wow!
6302293553|5.0|tremendiously funny!  I couldnt stop laughing! Great quotes like &quot;NI!&quot; had me rolling on the floor, laughing!
0792840054|4.0|This movie could also have been called The Daughter From Hell.  Joan Crawford plays a very giving mother who wants her children to have the best of everything (especially Veda).  To accomplish this, she starts her own  business which becomes incredibly successful and she  sacrifices herself.   Her reward is the most selfish, uncaring, self-centred daughter you'll ever  see on the screen.  I have certain problems with this film.  First of all,  I'm not a Crawford fan, although I will admit she's good in the movie.   Secondly, I have hard time believing this mother-daughter relationship  (it's too extreme).  And thirdly, the movie leans more closely to melodrama  than film noir (which is what I wanted to see).   Having said all this, I  would still recommend the movie because there is a pretty good mystery in  the way the plot is constructed, Eve Arden is great as Joan's wisecracking  assistant, and Ann Blyth is excellent (you'll hate her) as Veda, the  daughter no one would want.  It's a well made movie, and it will probably  appeal to a lot of people.
B000002WU9|5.0|This CD is definatly a classic for any rap fan Raekwon is one of the best lyricist right up there with Method Man, all though Method Man is ahead because of the monsterous album Tical, but Only Built 4 Cuban Linx... is  definatly the runner up, that means YES it is better than Liquid Swords.
B000002KHB|5.0|One of the best of the best,  70s goldies Heavy rock album!  There are no bad songs in this album. DP is the best Hard rock Groupin this planet, who still make all rock fans feelin 10 years younger.
B00003CWPQ|1.0|This movie tried to be Blue Velvet in the big city, and it tried to be a morality tale, but it accomplished neither.  Kidman's character begins by getting drunk and flirty one night, then high and inexplicably malicious  toward her husband the next night.  After 9 years of apparently happy  marriage, she flirts, then lays out an incoherent, mean-spirited confession  of fantasy &amp; lust.  This drives her seemingly intelligent and loving  husband (a doctor) to explore the seemy sexual underbelly of New York and  become involved in things he doesn't understand and which threaten his  life.  The main characters make one inexplicable move after another, and  the answers to many questions are left to the viewer's imagination. I guess  that's the &quot;thought provoking&quot; part that reviewers talked about.   Problem is... you just spent almost 3 hours and get no payoff - no  plotlines tied up and no idea what caused these two to crack.  In the end,  Cruise's semmingly intelligent doctor is confused and blubbering, and  Kidman's character says something that implies depth of character and  intelligence.  Quite a change from the incoherent pothead lush she began  the movie as 48 hours earlier.  She must have gotten hold of some St.  John's Wort and gingko biloba.  I'm all for subtlety and symbolism and  stimulation of the imagination, but there has to be a point to it all.   maybe if he had found a severed ear on the way to the orgy, and Dennis  Hopper was the cab driver......
B000002KHB|5.0|DEEP PURPLE is the best hard rock band in this planet! who was the first hard rock band which combinated with the classical elements....great songs in this holy album 1972
0804106304|4.0|The Joy Luck Club is a book that anybody can relate to.  Although most people don't have to deal with being the chess champion or a lower class wife, we can relate to the simple family problems that they all dealt with.  The generation gap between the Chinese mothers and their  &quot;American&quot; daughters was insightful especially with how they  dealt with their problems.  The daughters couldn't understand their parents  just the same way that we can't understand ours.  After reading this book,  it made me realize the intricate workings of my family and how one little  thing can have an adverse affect on the entire family.  This book was great  and I recommend it to anybody who would like to understand themselves or  their families.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I liked all of her other albums, although it's LIVE, it has some of her best songs.  I'm more into her heavy stuff like &quot;Possession or &quot;Sweet Surrender&quot;. I love it when she rocks on Possession,  especially when she holds her voice up(&quot;just close your  eyes!&quot;)with her band to back it up.  Among other things, she has an  excellent band and her voice is so powerful. I loved it!
0964385619|5.0|After reading Rich Dad, Poor Dad, I have to admit that it taught me more about wealth and cash flow than ANY book I have ever read -- And, I have read quite a few books on the subject!  I especially found it helpful with  the simplified drawings of how cashflow in different classes actually  looks.  This book is SO helpful that I had it read within a week of  purchasing it, and then read back over three other chapters!  Already 2 of  my friends have purchased the book and have also told me good things about  it....You will not be disappointed!
B000002UAO|5.0|One of my biggest regrets of being born six months after The Beatles broke up was that I couldn't experience the impact of listening to this album for the first time back in 65(even if it was the truncated US version).Rubber  Soul,like Bringing It Back Home and later Pet Sounds redefined the album  format as more than a hits and filler fodder.Every song,even if you may not  like it,stands out and sticks in your head.Not only was the songwriting at  its sharpest,but the recording studio was becoming an integral part as  musical experimentation ascented the songs to heights unimaginable in pop  music.The introduction of the sitar(on Norwiegian Wood),fuzz bass(Think For  Youself), &amp; upperneck capoed acoustic guitars(Michelle,Girl) made the  music a quantum leap beyond anything else at the time.John Lennon is the  real star here with not only Norwiegian Wood,but also The Word,Nowhere  Man,Girl,Run For Your Life(which he later discarded as a throwaway),and his  most beautiful Beatle composition In My Life.Paul McCartney was no slouch  bringing in Drive My Car,You Won't See Me and of course the sappy,yet  beautiful Michelle.If I Needed Someone shows George Harrison's growth as a  fine composer.Any act on the same level as The Beatles would've ran their  winning formula into the ground.But instead of resting on their  laurels,they took their music,along with the whole of pop music to a whole  new level.And their best was still ahead of them.
B00003CWL6|4.0|Outstanding look at suburban existence,new millenium style. Benning is glorious as the Martha Stewart-like, neglectful working mother who is more concerned about her prize roses than her misfiring family life. Spacey  exemplifies a belated return to youth, relishing even his boyhood burger  stand job as a counter-balance to the baloney-filled, useless telemarketing  position from which he bribed his way out. The kids find dashing rebuke for  the alientation of parents and society in their dreams of boiking men,  running away, and filming dead people. Stellar performance by all involved,  but particularly Thora Birch as a wayward, misunderstood teen who  eventually falls for the &quot;geek boy&quot; next door, the only miscreant  that can understand her. Deducted: one star. Reason: Mendes screenplay,  just a tad too far left of true suburban life; the charasters are flawed  beyond reality, making not one of them the redeemed soul that would have  sparked a sense of believability to the film.  Four Stars
6305263248|4.0|Ronin is a great movie. It is Top-notch entertainment from minute one. It has not one, but Two brilliant car chases, and supurb performances all around. Robert De Niro is as tough as ever in the lead, but the actors who  left the best impression on me were Sean Bean and Stellan Skarsgaurd. (I  hope I spelled that right)
B00003CWPR|5.0|I hadn't seen this film in the cinema, and I found myself transfixed in front of my television. However, it is an acquired taste. The quality of the transfer was OK - not one of the best, but not one of the worst either.  However, the major disappointment is that the only version on this DVD is  the pan and scan version. No letterboxing to be found! Quality of the audio  is wonderful, with a nice enveloping 5.1 soundtrack. Extras, while few, are  of excellent quality and consist of interviews with Cruise, Kidman and  Spielberg. I found the Cruise and Kidman interviews to be particularly  interesting, and their experience with Kubrick was either deeply moving or  they're good actors ;)
B000002GQH|5.0|This was the Moodys 4th album(the thrid with Justin Hayward)  This was a sonic evolution in how the Moodys refined their sound.  Nobody else in the 60's came close. Each song on this disc starting with IN THE BEGINNING and  ending with HAVE YOU HEARD evolves along the way.  How can anybody today  rercord any song on this disc and come close to that wonderful Moody mix?   This is a must for any Moody fan.
B00003W8NM|5.0|During the last year there have been 2 films that have really caught my eye 'American Beauty ' and 'Fight Club'. The film was misunderstood by many who could not understand that the violence wasn't there to entertain, but  there to show the dark side of society.  But for me the fantastic shots,  complex storyline, satire and humour make it a classic. Although it is not  identical the film reminds me of a updated 90s version of 'A Clockwork  Orange' ,which shows how society is destroying itself. This is a must buy  item, and I seriously reccommend it to any open minded people who haven't  seen it already.
0784011796|5.0|This movie truly intrigued me. Not once did it lose my attention or bore me. I'm not &quot;into&quot; math but I understood everything, it's complex, but still understandable.  One of my top ten movies....
0688158234|3.0|I'm innocent ! I did't want to read this book ! My teacher wanted me to do this ! But I want to give an objective point of view of this book, as far as I can. It is really interesting to know how a Somalian women made career in western society. I was fascinated from the beginning when Waris had a  fight for her life with an ugly, bloodlusty lion. Nothing for real men !
B000002JSZ|5.0|...the stage was stage, Cops enraged... Crying for more.. It was war, war, war!
B000002WU9|5.0|To put it simply, this album is bangin'. One of the best ever to come out of the Wu camp. Perhaps even better than ODB's Return to the 36 or Meth's Tical. Whether or not you are a big Wu fan this album is solid-- good  enough to appeal even to the casual rap listener. The MCing is superb, the  production is gritty, and the whole album plays thru without letting you  down. Ghostface Killah, Meth,and the Rza are defintely on point with their  raps. Chef is off the hook on this one! Check it out, you won't be  disappointed.
B00004LN16|5.0|Congrads to AC/DC!  They have done a good job with SUL. Still sounds like that good 'ol rock and roll from the band's good old days with BON! <br />It was LOVE AT FIRST FEEL!
0679746048|3.0|The book started out telling a sad &amp; funny story but somewhere in the middle lost it &amp; went down hill from there. It seemed like the author forgot she was writting a novel &amp; got lost in her own thoughts. The 2nd half of the book is non-sense and her evaluating her diagnosis years later.  More of a reporting than a novel. For once, the movie will be better - it  has to be! : )
0688158234|3.0|Waris story is a remarkable one but seems to be quite unbelievable to me. You could see that she did not write the book herself. Flaws in her character (like for example the habit of exploiding other people in order to achieve her goals -&gt; Nigel) are not really shown. The way she talks  about FGM make Western readers feel superior to the Somalian culture  although it is very shocking to read. Waris story is obviously interesting  but at the same time extremely unbelievable and not likely to happen again.
B000003N7R|3.0|It's not that there's anything wrong with this music, but it's neither artist's best work.  The opening &quot;In A Sentimental Mood&quot; is the definitive take of that tune, and &quot;Big Nick&quot; is nice, but to me  this recording drifts for the most part.  Big Ellington fans will want this  to hear his poano playing in a different context than usual.
0375701427|4.0|I have to admit, I am one of those people who often looks at people who are tremendously successful in various areas of their lives and think to myself how nice it must be to have all the fortune that those people have.  In this novel, Philip Roth illustrates how truly little control we have  over our destiny, how events that we are incapable of controlling can  profoundly effect us, no matter how good or honorable a life we try to  lead. Seymour Levov, the main character in this novel, starts off as one of  those ultra-fortunate individuals, who is the object of envy to many, but  has his life completely shattered because of circumstances he couldn't  control or forsee. What impressed me most about this novel was how  well-developed not only the main characters were, but also the care that  Roth took to fully develop even the most minor of characters, so that we  really get a sense of each characters personality, motivation, and  perception of the world. I took one star away because some of the middle  portions of the novel I found rather slow. Some of this slow portion was  probably neccessary to make the novel as richly detailed as it was and to  fully develop the characters. Some portions however, particularly the  immensely detailed description of the glove manufacturing process, did  little to add to the novel except to prove that the author did a lot of  research, none of which makes for very interesting reading unless you  happen to be planning on starting your own glove factory. The novel is  definitely good enough to make these occasional dull moments worth  stuggling through, though.
B000003NA3|4.0|This is some of my favorite Coltrane, with his quartet plus Eric Dolphy providing support and livening the proceedings up.  As a set there's plenty of repitition on here; listeners short on cash may want to hold off on  getting this.  But there is some solid music here, especially the better  takes of &quot;India&quot; and &quot;Spiritual&quot;.  Overrated music, but  still good music and a nice set for collectors.
0767805712|5.0|I used to think it was just me.  I first saw this absolutely fine film during it's initial theatrical run, and it was all I thought about for many days afterward.  Long after the film had disappeared from cineplexes, as a  matter of fact.  When it came out on video, I rented it several times until  this wonderful DVD came out.  Of course I snapped it up, and continue to  watch it regularly.  I used to think it was just me, until I read some of  the reviews posted here.  Happily, I am not alone in thinking that this  film is an underrated classic. Writer-Director Andrew Niccol weaved a  thrilling, emotional and totally involving tale of the effects of genetic  engineering. Ethan Hawke, an underrated actor who never fully gets his  props, gives a deeply-felt, measured performace as the genetically  &quot;imperfect&quot; hero. Uma Thurman gives a strong performance as well,  and Jude Law is an absolute kick (and steals most of his scenes) in a  supporting role any actor would relish. The DVD boasts a beautiful  widescreen (and full screen) transfer, the theatrical trailer, a featurette  and some deleted scenes that (though they aren't necessarily missed in the  final cut) are cool to check out.  &quot;Gattaca&quot; is a film ripe for  reappreciation.  Check it out!
B00000J7SS|5.0|THIS IS PURE LISTENING PLEASURE...I DON'T THINK MANY PEOPLE UNDERSTAND HOW MILES CHANGED JAZZ WITH MUSIC. THIS ALBUM IS THE PERFECT ALBUM FOR LATE NIGHT RENDEZVOUS OR JUST CHILLIN. GET THIS ALBUM IF YOU APPRECIATE CREATIVE  MUSICIANS.
B000002MFN|5.0|Madonna's 1992 album &quot;Erotica&quot; was a landmark album in her career, and absolutely ahead of it's time. Unfortunately, released between her notorious Sex book and the overheated box-office debacle Body of   Evidence, her finest album got lost in the shuffle. A closer, undistracted  look at &quot;Erotica&quot; today reveals an artist on the verge of a  thrilling change, ripping open the envelope she'd always threatened to  push, and finally giving us a taste of what we were all assuming she was  doing in the first place. <br />Like today's electronica, 1992's  &quot;Erotica&quot; is a chilly but exciting experience. Far removed the  warm, submissive intimacy of &quot;Justify My Love,&quot; the Madonna of  &quot;Erotica&quot; walks tall and carries a big whip.  &quot;Erotica&quot;  was produced to a large degree by DJ/remixer/producer Shep Pettibone, whose  signature mixes have rocked the clubs and airwaves since the mid-80s.   Pettibone's energetic and creative production dominates Erotica, with a  diverse, textured blend of beats, bass and sonic soundscapes, while still  leaving Madonna free to do her thing.  <br />Album highlights include the  throbbing title track, the dance-till-you drop firecracker &quot;Deeper and  Deeper&quot;, and a sizzling cover of Peggy Lee's &quot;Fever &quot;. Other  fine Madonna/Pettibone collaborations include the riveting confessions of  &quot;Bad Girl&quot;; the witty revenge fantasy &quot;Thief of  Hearts&quot;; the heated plea for equality, &quot;Why's It So Hard&quot;;  and the soaring ballad &quot;Rain.&quot;   <br />Producer Andre Betts also has  a strong presence on &quot;Erotica&quot;, co-producing such standout tracks  as the steamy ode to oral gratification, &quot;Where Life Begins,&quot; and  the soul-searching album finale,  &quot;Secret Garden.&quot;  <br />It is to  Madonna's credit that, despite the years that have passed,  &quot;Erotica&quot; still seems as fresh and  exciting as her recent album  &quot;Ray ofLight&quot;. Though the warmth of &quot;Ray of Light&quot; may  have its roots in her soulful 1994 album &quot;Bedtime Stories&quot;, the  creative production on &quot;Ray of Light&quot; is a direct result of the  stylistic departures Madonna took on &quot;Erotica&quot;.  <br />Madonna's  career took a much-needed turn in 1992. She shed about 3 million boy toys,  mall gals and countless other Top-40 radio addicts who can sing along to  &quot;Into the Groove&quot; with the best of them, but who wouldn't know  progression if it hit them over the head with their new Mariah Carey  record.  Madonna purposefully took a brave giant step toward progression  that fateful year, and came up with a mighty fine record to show for it.   Madonna's &quot;Erotica&quot; is an underrated classic, just waiting (with  a whip and a smile) to be reappreciated.
0780627032|5.0|I think this movie collection is the scariest of all time. This is a must buy.
0684872153|3.0|McCourt's book is amusing for his own experience, but it does not transfer to the overall Irish or Irish American immigrant experience.  The recounting of his early childhood seems to rife with details of events he was not present at to be factual.  The man is a great storyteller, but he  should have written a novel based on his experiences.  He doesn't hold a  candle to Roddy Doyle, and should not even be mentioned in the same  universe as James Joyce.
B00000IO4I|4.0|&quot;Little Voice&quot;  is an amazing little film that has to be watched more than once to be truly appreciated.  The leads Caine, Blethyn Horrocks and McGregor are all top notch.  Wait until you see LV's performance at the  club.  It will knock your socks off, literally.  Well worth seeing again  and again!
6305205620|5.0|&quot;i can't explain this dvd by the words..You Have To See it...A MUST HAVE FOR THOSE WHO HAVE DVD PLAYER..Sound and picture quality is outstanding..The boys are superb first of all..
0671042858|4.0|King has an incredible talent with his characters.  The young girl in this story is a well-developed character.  Though young, she is not uninteresting to an adult reader.  The plot line is realistic, and King's ending is more evolved from his earlier novels where the line between  reality and imagination was bold and crisp.  Here, he has blurred the  distinction to such a degree that the reader is left with a satisfying  feeling that the heroine was living a story that nobody would  believe--though the reader does.<br />Ok, it might have had a few paragraphs  here and there which dragged a bit, and that is why I offer four stars  rather than five.  I likened it to a more interesting &quot;Gerald's  Game&quot; (which in my opinion was a huge disappointment), but truly, it  also blends the feelings of &quot;The Body,&quot; and even, perhaps  &quot;Bag of Bones;&quot; offering that brooding, Maine-woods feeling I  always get from a King novel.
B00003ETIF|1.0|I'm afraid I have to second the comments made by the previous reviewer. This is a classic film ruined by a disasterous transfer to DVD.<br />For the version I saw, the picture broke up about 5 minutes into the film.
B000003BDJ|5.0|I love almost every song on these two discs.  I prefer the 2nd disc, but they are both good. The only problem is the sound clarity, but it is not that bad.  You gotta have this one! Stones are better than the Beatles!
B00004LN16|3.0|I'm an avid AC/DC fan but I was disappointed in their new stuff.  I like Stiff Upper Lip but the rest of the songs are too &quot;repetitive&quot;.  There doesn't seem to be any variety in the beat of the music like in  previous cd's/videos.  It's not a well made cd either like the others-my  speakers can't handle the over excess of bass in every song/can't crank it  up like their other music.
0688158234|5.0|When I started reading Desert Flower by Waris Dirie I was not really interested in the theme the text deals with. But step by step I got more and more curious. Waris Dirie didn't write chronologically and that makes the book interesting. By describing her feelings and emotions she allows  the reader to be part of her story. The book is written very subjective,  which is usual for personal report. Waris tells her story of her life in  very detail. She picked out many special problems with which she had to  deal.  Admiring Waris Dirie and her story, I give her five out of five  stars!
079213690X|5.0|words would not do this movie justice.  Thomas Jefferson could not fully explain how much this movie has the power to move its viewers.
0451452739|4.0|While I consider the Kubrick film one of the most profound, hypnotic, beautiful, and astonishing movies ever made, I never got around to reading the Clarke book until a few days ago.  Since it is a short novel written in  a conventional narrative style, I read it in just an hour or two.  While  Clarke's expansion on life at &quot;The Dawn of Man&quot; is gripping and  imaginative, and the descriptions as a whole are phenomenal, this story is  much more impressive in the film.  One of the major problems with the book  are the utterly flat, dull characters.  Clarke may be a master  conceptualist of the Infinite, but his understandings of the ordinary human  mind are a bit vague.  Every character in the book serves a strictly  narrative function and no more.  Dave Bowman has to be one of the blandest  main characters in modern fiction, Frank Poole and Dr. Floyd are no more  than ciphers, and the remaining inhabitants of the book are basically a  string of names and no more.  I know that Kubrick deliberately exploited  this aspect of the story in the film, exaggerating the banality of human  interactions beneath the shimmering veneer of our advanced technologies  (and suggesting as well that not much has changed in the day-to-day  activities of the human race since its earliest times) to underscore the  idea that humanity has become stagnant and is ready for the next  &quot;phase&quot;.  Frankly, both Kubrick and Clarke are guilty of exalting  an abstract idea of &quot;humanity&quot; (which, I must say, does not  really seem to include women) or &quot;mankind&quot; over the messy,  emotional and fleshly reality that is our lot.  Ultimately, I found this  book very disturbing for the following reasons:  its blatant worship of  authority and technology, and its impoverished view of human relationships.   It is no wonder that Clarke's book still resonates with confused  adolescents: this is the perfect book for insecure, alienated teen-agers  who really don't want to growup and become part of the human race.   Nevertheless, I do give the book 4 stars because of the vastness and  intelligence of its concept - there aren't that many popular novels which  make you think about the enormity of the universe.  I just wish that  Clarke's vision of the ultimate in human potential did not entail total  submission to one dominant male or another.
076783819X|5.0|&quot;beautiful! i loved this movie so much that it became my favorite instantly. it was beautifully set up and during the last half hour, every last one of my senses was completely focused on the movie. the acting isnt  to shabby either. the entire thing, especially the ending, made me think of  how the government works and just why theres *always* someone to blame.
B00003CWPQ|4.0|The log line used for AMERICAN BEAUTY (\\"look closer\\") is even more appropriate for Kubrick's last movie.  EWS really rewards repeated viewings.  While some might prefer eye surgery to sitting through it twice,  other are sure to be surprised at how many things escape first glance.<br />An  example - Cruise tears out a story from the New York Post and later shows  it to Pollack.  The headline reads \\"EX-BEAUTY QEEN IN HOTEL DRUGS  OVERDOSE\\".  Hmmm.  That's a rather odd way to word it, even for the Post.   Kind of like the frustrating non-logic of a dream.  But Cruise is supposed  to be awake, right?<br />When I first saw this scene, I remember being  impatient at how long the camera stayed on the headline, twice.  Turns out  Kubrick was giving us extra time to notice a less than subtle visual clue,  yet most viewers, myself included, completely airballed it.<br />Other curious  touches: <br />* Cruise and Thomas Gibson, real and imagined lovers to the  dead man's deranged daughter, are shot in exact reverse/mirror-image angles  as they enter her apartment. <br />* At the orgy, the master of ceremonies  wears a red cloak and is flanked by two men in blue cloaks, a inverted  image of the couple's bedroom, where red curtains frame both sides of a  blue window.  <br />* As others have noted, red repeatedly signals an  invitation down another blind alley: the door of the hooker's apartment,  the jeep that drives Cruise up to the house, the arrow lines painted on the  hospital's revolving doors, etc.  <br />I didn't notice any of these things  the first time I saw the movie.  I don't think I was alone, either.  Not to  put too fine a point on it, but the title might be a pretty accurate  description of how most people look at EWS on the first go-round.<br />There's  no question the critics took a bath on this one.  They were practically  shoving each other aside to take potshots, most of which tried to emphasize  how unsophisticated Kubrick's attitudes on sex are compared to their own.   I heard someone gripe, \\"Kubrick filmed an orgy where no one's allowed to  have fun.\\"  OK, you noticed.  Now what do you think about it?  Think maybe  he did it on purpose, and if so, what do you think it means?  This kind of  inquiry, which pretty much all of Kubrick's best films invite, was never  explored by the majority of the \\"experts\\".   <br />The good news is that the  film will last longer than the critics.  It's a safe bet EWS will be  discussed and reappraised for as long as people are talking, writing and,  knock on wood, thinking about movies.
0446525537|5.0|I've just finished reading this book last night and i knew i just had to write something here!  I beg to disagree with one reader saying that the words used by Sparks in this novel are for 5th grade students and that this  book isn't for mature people. First of all, the narrator is a 17 year old  boy, enuf said...and i believe this book is very much for mature readers.   It makes you realize plenty of things - things that mature people tend to  take for granted.  Reading this book made me realize that the people we  tend to ignore, laugh and ridicule even, could just make the biggest  difference in our lives.         The ending was very clever.  I think that  Sparks wanted his readers to decide the ending for themselves.  In my  heart, I truly believe that Jamie lived (my apologies to those who haven't  read the book yet).  It was the miracle he was waiting to happen...I love  Landon Carter's character..he's by far my favorite male char.!  I used to  think that nothing's gonna beat Wish You Were Here (by Christie Ridgeway)  as my all-time favorite book, but Nicholas Sparks proved me wrong.
630575067X|5.0|I sat in line for 9 hours to see this movie, and it was worth it.  The effects were excellent, the lightsaber action was mind blowing, and the story was great.  I have friends that didn't care for it as much as the  original trilogy, but I thought it was just as good.  And as far as  everyone pointing out the supposed racism &amp; stereotyping, you all have  too much time on your hands.
B00000J7S8|1.0|I listen to many different types of music, from African to hiphop, but jazz is my favorite, and the one I play most. I like many different types of jazz also, from Nat Cole to Steve Coleman, and under an Al Jarreau CD  this one was recommended. I listened to the samples, and my very first  impressions were: BORING. I would not recommend it AT ALL.
B000002NHN|5.0|Haunting...beautiful...dramatic...magical...inspiring, all of these descriptions wrapped into one enchanting experience, and you have Loreena McKennitt's magnum opus titled \\"The Book of Secrets.\\"  Within this album,  McKennitt combines her empyreal sense for storytelling with her impressive  musical talents, not only with her compositions, but her performance with  the many instruments that she plays, including her voice (not all of the  instruments are her playing though, there are others as  well).<br />McKennitt's music is not easily classified, and I believe it to be  in a category of its own.  She begins this album with a mysterious piece  titled \\"Prologue,\\" featuring her crystallizing voice which appears to have  no limits to the life it brings - but there are no lyrics to this track.   All of the focus is on her mystical, wordless singing - a splendid piece,  which is perfect preparation for \\"The Mummers' Dance\\" which follows.  This  `dance' takes the listener into a hidden wood, where time has left it  untouched and magic is possible.  In this grove, the listener is privileged  to witness a jovial festival of soft drums, an `oud,' violins, cellos,  violas, a \\"tabla,' and various woodland percussion - the sounds of the  celebration of nature.<br />These first tracks are just the beginning - the  journey that she takes you through evokes emotions and feelings that will  no doubt move you.  These journeys include a fascinating instrumental piece  `Marco Polo,' which musically describes his travels in culture rich lands;  a dramatic interpretation of Alfred Noyes' `The Highwayman,' which combines  McKennitt's exceptionally harmonic narration with a brilliant mixture of  acoustic guitar and strings; and a touching hymn-like composition titled  `Dante's Prayer,' which embodies hope, friendship, and trust into a  tranquil choral.<br />Any admirer of unique, creative, and epical beauty,  whether it be musical, written, or visual, would in all likelihood be  thankfulthat they looked into McKennitt's \\"book of secrets.\\"
0060987464|4.0|In this book you get more of the literary/poetic virtuosity that appears occasionally in his song lyrics. Manson really likes similes, but else can you expect from the teenager who wrote about fields of hyacinths and jade  and aphrodisiac sunglasses? Manson always writes more than you want to  hear, but it`s a satisfying glimpse of the person behind the persona.  Although i`m not sure how much of his literary voice is persona.  He said  once that in many ways his desire is to be pure again and not corrupted by  the world.....that desire comes across in this book as well. A fascinating  read.
B000002KD9|5.0|It seems as though every enduring artist has a moment of epiphany in their career -- and this is Neil's.  It caught him midway between his early fascination with record production (I'm thinking of &quot;Expecting to  Fly&quot; and &quot;Broken Arrow&quot; with the Springfield and  &quot;Country Girl&quot; with CSNY) and his later decision to fly the  ragged flag of his innate quirkiness, something which the rest of his  career became a testament to.  Maybe inspired by his acoustic  collaborations with CS&amp;N, he became on this record (cd) a balladeer to  put them all to shame.  As a result, we have heart-felt, heart-rending,  powerfully revealing material and artistry, matched by a beautiful sound.   A time when Neil had really hit his stride in both composition and  performance.  This is definitely a man on top of his work.  Wonderfully  crafted, full of emotional complexity and sincerity, with nary a false  note, I want to call it &quot;unwavering,&quot; which is not a word you'd  usually use for Neil.  Acoustic heaven with a few moments of amplified  passion mixed in.  Young Neil Young at his best.
0525457585|5.0|When I first saw the movie &quot;The Neverending Story&quot; as a child, I was enthralled. And when I found the book in the library, I was ecstatic - I could have adventures like Bastian's!  It was just Bastian's story in print, though - a crushing disappointment for a ten year old.  I read it  anyway, and realized I loved it even more than the movie.  I checked it out  of the library to read again every month until i had enough allowance saved  to buy it, although I'm still, to this day, looking for the book Bastian  found! In short, this is my favorite fairy tale of all time.  When I have  kids, they're hearing it. Grandkids? Them, too.   And if anyone can lay  their hands on the book Bastian found, please let me know....
6305718954|5.0|This movie will really having you thinking about alot of things...such as are there really people that get Stigmata, is there really such a gospel, and if so why won't the Vatican accept it, is it simple because it would  cause controdict todays church or is it because there are more  controdictions I personally would like to know....anyways its a movie worth  seeing so go get it today!
B000003BF1|2.0|I'M NOT SURE WHAT FANTASY WORLD YOUR LIVING IN,BUT &quot;HONKY TONK WOMAN&quot; WAS NO 1 FOR 4 WEEKS,NOT 14!  FURTHER,&quot;COME TOGETHER&quot; WAS THE FLIP SIDE OF &quot;SOMETHING&quot;,WHICH OF COURSE  GOT TO NO 1. PERHAPS SOMETHING/COME TOGETHER WAS NOT A NO 1 SINGLE FOR 7 OR  8 WEEKS BECAUSE EVERYBODY WAS BUYING ABBEY ROAD AT THE TIME WHICH CONTAINED  THESE TWO SONGS!  LET IT BLEED HAD A COUPLE GOOD SONGS ON IT ,AND A BUNCH  OF FILLER.
B00003OSSL|1.0|This movie is really terrible. At its heart, Random Hearts lacks a coherent story. Sydney Pollack has tried (with miserble results, I might add) to overlap Ford and Thomas's sordid love affair with her campaign and  (even more un-interestingly) an Internal Affairs investigation that Ford is  embroiled in. The peripherals are negligible and the core is rotten. On the  whole, a blemish on Ford's fine career. Definitely, two thumbs down!
B000000WZ4|4.0|An excellent CD -- perhaps not as commercial as Violator or Music for the Masses, but a worthy addition to the Mode canon. Side 2 (or what would be side 2 on LP :)) is especially rewarding, with its dark mood. Perfect  listening for a dark day.
068484267X|5.0|I was asked to read this book in my college english class and I am glad I did.  It was a wonderful book full of colorful characters such as Mrs. Leibowitz, Paddy Clohessy, and many others.  This book truly made me  understand how hard life was for those in Limerick and the rest of Ireland.   If you're looking for a great book full of emotion, humor, and heart, this  is the one to read.
052594527X|4.0|I really liked this book. If you'd like a similar read, try I, Juan de Pareja . It's a young adult book that has won the Newberry award, but great for any age. It has the same artist- servant relationship motif.
0399143904|5.0|This book is about an antiterrorist group called Rainbow who gets caught up in the biggest terrorist plan ever. This thrilling novel lets you meet the best soldiers in the world. Tom Clancy is an ex navey seal so he knows what he's talking about. This action packed book is the best I have ever  read. The story pulls you in from the start and keeps you reading till the  end. If I were to rate this book from 1-5 I would give it a 6 if I could,  but 5 will do. The only bad part of this book was having to finish it. I  highly recommend this book.
B000021XR5|4.0|this album is good when you compare it to their first two albums which were great but it still has the sound that STP is known for.  The only reason i gave it four stars is because it's a little bit too short.  My  favorite track is Atlanta.
B000002ADT|5.0|THIS ALBUM HAS IT ALL,COLTRANE,EVANS. IF YOU DO NOT OWN THIS ALBUM YOU MUST GET IT!
B000001E8S|5.0|THIS IS SUCH A WONDERFUL CD! &quot;YOUR BLUE ROOM&quot; AND &quot;MISS SARAJEVO&quot; MAKE THIS CD!  IT IS INTERESTING AND DIFFERENT WITH A MUTI-CULUTURAL THEME TO IT.
0786915749|5.0|DoAT is the first of three in the cornerstone trilogy of the Dragonlance Saga. This book and the two following is a work so excellent, I'm at a loss for words. This book deals with the concepts of good and evil. Of a few people from a small town that suddenly is thrown into the business of being  heroes. this story has everything and it's simply impossible to put it down  once you've started reading it.  The characters is one of the many great  assets of this book. they are very believable, complex characters, and  getting into their thoughts is priceless. It helps the reader feel every  bumb on the road, every moment of happiness and dispair and makes the book  so incredibly captivating.  for all fantasy readers, this book, this  trilogy is an absolute must. I cannot say enough good things about it. In  short, go order, go read!<br />Est Sularus Oth Mithas
0393312836|1.0|After twenty pages I threw this book against the wall.  I have never read a more frustrating and disturbing book.  All the dialogue is gibberish.  In the first twenty pages, Alex and his lackies beat a guy senseless and rob  him; they steal a car and trash it, they get into a vicious gang fight;  they attack a couple at their home, destroy the husband's life work (his  book &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot;) beat him and his wife senseless and  rape the wife.  This really ticked me off.  I read this expecting a great  story because it's a &quot;classic&quot;, but I was severly disappointed.   If you want to read the book, save yourself the frustration trying to wade  through the garbage and read the last three pages.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|Absolutely amazing are the only words I can think of to describe this album.  Unfortunately, I am only 18, and was not able to witness the greatness of The Clash while they were together, this album is a testament  to what they were at their height.
0670880728|4.0|What a fun book. No, you don't exactly sprain your brain reading it... but it's a lot of fun.
B000035Z2L|5.0|This movie is the &quot;Porky's&quot; of the nineties.  Needless to say, it is hilarious!  In fact, it is one of those movies that you can watch over and over without getting sick of or having to fast forward.   A  definite must see!
B00003OSTV|5.0|This is just a wonderful movie.  Well filmed and very well acted.  For me the movie is worth its price for Peter Ustinov alone.  He is simply wonderful.  Evil, cowardly, and completely deadly, he steals the show as  Nero.  The entire movie is very well done, music, sets, acting, all come  together in one of the best epics.  It is interesting in that there is a  great deal of comedy also, not to mention some delightful sarcasm.  The  story of the Roman General (Robert Taylor) and his love for a slave girl  (Deborah Kerr) is the main theme, but it is closely tied in with the  begining of Christianity.  All of this takes place in Nero's Rome.  I have  the VHS, and Laser disc versions, I cannot wait for the DVD to be released.   Do see this movie, you will not regret it.
0385006896|5.0|Doyle has to be one of the best authors I have ever read. If you are looking for an author that can keep you guessing, this is the one. I cannot think of many authors today that can even come close to matching some of the literary masters from the last century. If you like mystery there is  not a better set of stories than these. Also, the book gives a very clear  account of what life was like in late 19th century England.
0688158234|4.0|Reading Desert Flower I was very fascinated the way Waris Dirie writes. It is a simple but very personal and emotional style. She sometimes goes deep into detail which make her book an astonishing personal report abot an even more astonishing life.  Altough using such a simple language the story does  not seem to be less interesting. It even allows the reader to feel like  Waris - in funny as in terrifying situations.  One critical aspect might be  that she sometimes writes kind of unrealistic but that ain't just that bad  because it surely has to be hard to run through her own past by remembering  every detail. The main thing is to get an impression of her way of life -  as a nomand and later as a successful model. And that is in which she  succeeded perfectly. After having read the book I could imagine what a  nomad's life is like. And for me it was impossible to close the book before  I've read the very last word.  Reading it with tears in your eyes - tears  of joy or shock.
B000001EAQ|1.0|What started brilliantly with Achtung Baby, became somewhat repetitive with Zooropa and Passengers, has now with Pop, become a hopless mire of techno gobbledy goop. When will they finally make a rock and roll record,  ie. tracks like God Part II and Womanfish!
0780628551|4.0|This was a completely good movie in almost every aspect.  I don't understand what all the hubbuub is about, The Astronaut's Wife was not that bad a movie.  Johnny Depp and Charlize Theron superbly portrayed their  characters, right down to the smallest detail.  Depp really shows how far  his acting range can extend to.  And Theron completely took me by surprise,  she really steals the show.  As for all the comparisons to Rosemary's Baby,  they are few and very far between.  The most apparent would be Theron's  hair style which is a distant reminder of Mia Farrow.  But from this man's  point of view, this film completely stands on its own as original,  entertaining, and thrilling.  My only beef is the DVD itself, there aren't  any special features included save a theatrical trailer and a few  biographys.  Although a director commentary and/or making of documentary  would have been a nice bonus, the picture and sound are both a ten, and  that is enough to satisfy me.  <br />Just imagine, a character-driven science  fiction.  What's more, there are only two visual effects shots throughout  the entire movie, which says something.  One might say that the film budget  was too low to allow it to become an effects movie.  I disagree, though,  because for what it lacked in effects the movie made up for in story,  acting, directing, and script.  Please watch this with an open mind, don't  let all the critics sway you.  It never ceases to amaze me how many people  will believe and watch a movie based on what one or two people have said  about it.  Form your own opinions, not just for this movie but for all the  others that have gotten a bad rap.
0679720200|5.0|I really liked the book &quot;the stranger.&quot; and i think that all the flaws that people point out in it are the very things that make this a great book.  i recomend listening to the song writen about it by the cure called killng an arab. excusite
6304994540|5.0|I loved this movie. It's a comedic gem. I raise my White Russian (or &quot;Caucasian&quot; as El Duderino so aptly puts it) to the Brothers Coen.
B000001EC1|5.0|This is a Greatest Hits album from a band that's actually had enough hits to put one out.  Bon Jovi has consistently put out great music...too bad some people are so ignorant that all they can think about is the fact they  used hairspray in 1986...like, who didn't by the way?  The biggest  omissions from this album are Never Say Goodbye and Born to Be My Baby.  I  can't wait for the new Bon Jovi album coming out this June!  I highly  recommend this album for anyone that hasn't heard a Bon Jovi album  before...you WILL become a fan.  Especially if you like a great sound mixed  with lyrics that actually make sense...uh oh, sorry Kid Rock fans.
B00000ADG2|5.0|i think this is one of the best CD i ever bought, Lauryn have a wonderful voice and she know how to use it! some of the great songs are: &quot;Lost Ones&quot;, &quot;Ex-Factor&quot;, &quot;To Zion&quot;, &quot;Doo Wop (That  Thing)&quot;, &quot;Everything Is Everything&quot; and the bouns track  &quot;Can't Take My Eyes Off Of You&quot;. so buy this CD now!
B00000DGUY|4.0|&quot;~Enough has been said about the content of this excelent compilation! I will judge the CD mastering: noticeable (due to the re-mastering itself).  If you like Dire Straits, by all means get this one!
B0000026J1|5.0|This is a great pop metal album...songs like Superstitious, Open Your Heart, Coast to Coast, ect. are all great.  It had been years since I had listened to my long gone tape...I just recently ordered the CD and I'm sure  glad I did.
B00000018N|5.0|The Biggest Jethro Tull Album Aqualung Was So Neat You Gonna Beleive Me With Threre Hit &quot;Aqualung&quot; Absolutley. This Album Aqualung Was Recorded In 1971 The Best Because I Bought This From Christmas In 1999  Absolutley. Absolutley It's A Gold Disc I Ment. Because I Got This On CD At  This Time. Because I Like Being Back In Town i Hear My Jethro Tull CD I Got  From Christmas Vacation.
B00003OO3O|5.0|FORCE IT..is UFO's second album with Michael Schenker on guitar, and what a screaming hot album it is...Phil Moog's voice is sweet and it just gets better...Pete Way's bass is top drawer...Andy Parker holds it all together  with his hard driving drum beats...and Michael Schenker shreds on  guitar...Moog and Schenker together write some amazing material that  showcases each members outstanding abilities,at Performing...every track on  FORCE IT is superb,featuring blistering guitar riffs..OUTRAGEOUS GUITAR  SLIDES...and Mr.Schenkers lightning fast fingers running thru riffs so fast  that his flying V's probably smoke for two days after a concert...UFO never  really got the respect they deserved each new album was proof that the best  do get better...So anyone who loves Rock and Roll at it's FINEST needs this  cd...IT CAN'T SMOKE IF IT ISN'T ON FIRE..&amp;..UFO; FORCE IT.. POSITIVELY  SMOKES..SO TURN DOWN YOUR BASS BOOMER,and TURN UP THE VOLUME..UFO-FORCE  IT..
B00000J7J4|4.0|Congratulations on a great album, Carlos Santana!  While I'm a life-long jazz lover, I have been listening to Santana since Junior High School in the early 70's, and this release is as welcome as anything he has done in  the past.  I love the latin/jazz/rock tunes AND the &quot;guest  appearance&quot; tunes as well.  The album sounds fresh, and Carlos' guitar  playing is as beautiful as ever -- his solos and climaxes are inspiring!  I  just can't understand all the scathing reviews I have read here on  Amazon.com about Supernatural -- especially those sad, bitter, &quot;baby  boomer conspiracy theory/commercial sellout&quot; reviews that perhaps are  probably the result of some frustrated, burned-out, aging hippies (either  that or all the rest of us are just brain-washed and walking through life  in a corporately-induced daze -- yeah, right!).  Normally, you would find  Freddie Hubbard, Wayne Shorter (the Blue Note stuff), or Miles in my CD  player, but I find this album a breath of fresh air and an introduction to  some great younger musicians that I am not generally familiar with.  I  really dig the mixture with Rob Thomas, Lauren Hill, Wycliffe Jean, Fher,  etc.  I can't wait to see Santana at Jones Beach this summer -- just  ordered my tix's!  Keep on movin' Carlos!
0517122707|5.0|I´m sure you are the typical John Grisham´s fan, or even a nobody's fan.<br />Please stay away of Joyce, Cervantes, Kafka, Proust, Borges  (I´m shure you are).<br />And don´t stop, commit suicide whenever you want it, but  in the place you should go, you are not going to see John Kennedy  Toole.<br />Dear Melinda Harrison, you just put it  clear.<br />tdaneri@hotmail.com
6301404440|5.0|Technicaly Dazzling. This is one of the best animated films of all time, it is certainly different, but in a good way. It vaguely resembles detective movies, particularly 'Chinatown' and 'The Maltese Falcon'. It is  one of the most entertaining movies of the 80's. Demanding of multiple  viewings to spot all of the cartoon stars. The voices for the 'toons' are  perfect especially Charles Fleischer as Roger Rabbit and Kathleen Turner as  the sexy Jessica Rabbit. Filled with lots of memorable characters,  stand-outs on the 'human' cast are Bob Hoskins and Christopher Lloyd. Great  Entertainment. From a scale of 1-10 I give this movie a 9!
B00000JNNY|5.0|At last! I found a real singer. The first time I heared his powerful voice and deep feeling, I'm sure that she is one of the most important singer female and I try to get more information and CD's of her. I'm involved in a  rescue of the masters of the blues and I think that Etta has an important  place in the scene of the music in this century.
6305041156|4.0|This is the one of the best films ever created.  The landscape, battle scenes, plot, everything is near perfect.  The DVD, however, is poorly mastered.  Image quality is fuzzy and the subtitles are barely legible.  It  hardly does any justice for this cinematic masterpiece.
B000006E17|4.0|Based on the Marquis de Sade, this movie takes the audience on a tour of sadism, although Pasolini himself was not a true sadist, he sure portrayed it well.  If you've ever read de Sade then you know what you're in for, if  not be prepared to cringe at this wonderfully made film. Weak bellies not  allowed!
B000002KKS|5.0|I don't care who's singin this album, this CD rocks.  My favs are Neon Nights, Heaven and Hell.  GO BLACK SABBTH
0671042858|5.0|A simply wonderful book!  Very suspenseful, and impossible to put down.  King made the reader feel as if we were in the woods with Tricia, with vivid descriptions and realistic terror.  I especially liked the realism this book offers.  This story could actually happen exactly as written.  The ending is great.  I would highly recommend this book.
B000021XR5|5.0|This is overall one of STP's best albums.  It includes every version of Scott's voice and features all of the styles of music the band has done in the other albums.  I would have liked to have heard Rob play with a little  more feeling, but maybe that is too much to ask.  You at least have to  respect a band that keeps their music artistic still.
B000002GB9|4.0|Though many who like Styx adhere to the old favourites here like Grand Illusion and Come Sial Away the album has much more appeal<br />&quot;Miss America&quot; features James Young's explanation of the transient nature of  pagentry-women in a raunchy rock tune, and then &quot;Man In The  Wilderness&quot; and &quot;Castle Walls&quot; come back with the ballad  tunes heard in the &quot;Crystal Ball&quot; track on the earlier album -  just pure beauty!<br />I've only not given it 5 stars because I reserve that  for only one album ; Pieces of Eight - this album (Grand Illusion) is a  MUST HAVE for anyone in my opinion
0156528207|5.0|I truly believe that this book should be read everywhere. People today never listen to the more simple things in life, the things that make life worth smiling over. Why we chose to ignore true beauty like this keeps me  amazed. We need to look beyond ourselves, for the book proves that we take  ourselves too seriously.
6305718954|5.0|I found this movie intresting to say the least. and as some reviews stated, I did not find myself asking for more, or syaing thats it? at the end. You have to have open minded about religion. And about how the  Catholic church is a fraud, and lies and covers up the truth about the holy  word for the purpose of personal gain at the expence of others. SEE THIS  MOVIE...
B000002UAU|5.0|This album kicks so much it's just amazing.  I got this album about a month ago, and my god, I can't stop listening to it (The White Album and Abbey Road are a little watered down, but spectacular nonetheless)  From  &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; to &quot;A Little Help&quot; to &quot;Lucy&quot; to  &quot;Getter Better&quot;.  Heck, these four songs alone are enough to buy  the album.  I find a little weakness in the middle, from 5 through 8, but  those songs are still good enough to beat most of today's music.  Then, it  ends just brilliantly, with &quot;When I'm 64&quot;, &quot;Lovely  Rita&quot; &quot;Good Morning&quot;, and my personal favorite &quot;Sgt.  Pepper (Reprise)&quot;  It's almost like you can see Paul in your living  room.  Then &quot;Day In The Life&quot; concludes the already legendary  album, thus ending the best 40 minutes of your life.  In short, buy this  album, and you will know why the Beatles are the greatest rock band ever.
B00003CWPR|5.0|kubrick is the real star of the film. notice the colors, the complex characters, and the dream like world they choose to live in. kubrick ends his career with a profound look at trust, introspection, and curiosity. if  you think this is going to be some cheap skin flick like &quot;basic  instinct&quot;, you are better off renting &quot;color of night&quot; or  &quot;jade&quot;. this movie is not one of those, it stands alone. it's  hypnotic and dreamlike. it's unique and incomparable. it's kubrick and you  need'nt say more. watch in a quiet enviroment and keep and open mind.  you'll see what i mean.
B00000295A|3.0|The Stevie Wonder Influence is all over this disc.the first cut is Bumpin&quot; When you gonna Learn.also Music of the mind.The Grooves work but the lack of Proven Songwriting hurts.also Jay Never challenges his  voice.but overall this disc is Pretty Good.
B00000099Y|5.0|Aenima sees the culmination of everything that Tool have always promised to be. From the opening guitar chords of &quot;Stinkfist&quot; through to the final strains of &quot;Third Eye&quot;, this album runs the full  gauntlet of feelings and emotions.  Rest assured, this album is not easy to  listen to, but its moods, drama and real sense of tension make it  absolutely intoxicating. Blending the critical elements of prog-rock with a  sense of hard rock dynamics, Tool have tapped into some very fertile  territory on Aenima. In some places, such as the title track and others  such as &quot;Forty-Six and Two&quot; and &quot;Hooker with a Penis&quot;  it is like crossing the introspective and self loathing critique of Henry  Rollins, with the anger and injustice of Rage Against The Machine. The  Loud-Soft dynamics of this album also works particularly well, ranging from  blistering rock through to quiet,eerie soundscapes that never lose your  interest. Maintaining the attention of the listener for the length of any  album is quite an achievement, and Aenima keeps you absolutely captivated  for its entire 77 minute plus duration. It's like a nightmare that keeps  calling you back ......and you keep wanting to go.
B000002AH1|5.0|What a Funky Disc? Miles Listened very well to SLy,Jimi&amp;James and ran with it.the Grooves never let up here.the Multi-Set is blazing from start to finish.I don't see much of the Rap or Hip-Hop Influence on this set as I  do on On the Corner.but Miles wears his Influences very well and runs wild  with them.it's the cool thing about Miles he could do whatever he Damn well  Pleased and for the most part make it work.that's the Genius of His  Mind&amp;vision.also The Musicians that he has had play with him are a  whose who and all of that.all of these cats have Chops.Very  Funky&amp;raw.Miles uses Space better than anyone.
B00003OSSL|1.0|I rented this video after I saw a trailor of this movie which seemed interesting. But, the movie is very boring. It doesn't have a plot to begin with. The direction and screen play was bad. I was just waiting for the  flashback of the other couple (the central charactors for the rest of the  story) which never happened. Instead the script steers away to love between  the main artist(its really random). It is sick. Stay away from this.
B000002VMH|5.0|Annie Lennox is a great talent.as a Writer&amp;Vocalist she delievers the goods on this set.Why is one of the best songs over the past Decade.The Arrangements&amp;Production are very strong thru out.a Must have.
B00000ILBK|4.0|This was a very good movie that kept me intrested, but it did have huge plot holes.  The story line was very good.  It just kept me guessing all the time.  The movie is worthy of the Star Trek name unlike some of the  other ones.  If you are a Star Trek fan you will like this movie.
0425132153|5.0|I first read this book ten years ago and it is still my favorite.  The concept of Death playing a trivia machine, and War being a foreign correspondent is too humorous for words.  The contest for the affections of  the antichrist by the regional managers of heaven and hell is also a  delightful absurdity.
B0000214F0|4.0|I bought the unrated version of this interesting flick. I think everyone should see it at least once it their lives. Malcom McDowell (clockwork orange, tank girl) is an excelent actor and this work shows it. Plus the  porn side of it is pretty  cool too.
6304436386|5.0|FROM: The Aeolian Kid...<br />TO:  All Amazon.com Readers...<br />DATE:  3/8/2000, 11:27 PM, EST,  WAMESIT...<br />ITEM:  THE PROFESSIONAL...<br />Dear Reader,<br />.... This is a film that provides a perfect example of true human  compassion. A teenage girl reaches out for support from the only other  human being in her life who she trusts and feels comfortable with - her  neighbor down the hall, a professional hitman!<br />.... But this is no  insensitive thug! We find ourselves genuinely opening our hearts to this  man as he demonstrates truly altruistic and unselfish love and compassion  for his younger female friend in need. His heart reaches out to her, and as  he does so, our hearts open up to him - and the developing friendship that  he and the young girl share. It really is touching.<br />.... The film shows  the character of this simple man who makes a living by killing people -  total strangers - for a local underworld character in town who seems to be  the only person in the world - other than the young girl - who he has a  human relationship with. The hitman is a living lesson in the study of  contrasts: uneducated in the ways of the world, but worldly-wise; able to  kill human beings without a thought of hesitation, but truly caring about  the life of his indoor plant; unable to form mature relationships with  adult women, but able to selflessly give his all in defense of the young  girl down the hall. It is beautiful.<br />.... If you have ever seen the film,  &quot;Harold &amp; Maude&quot;, then you will be reminded of the essence of  that film as you watch this one. It is magical! Also, the level of  discipline shown by this totally solipsistic, obsessive-compulsive,  hermetic, and strange individual borders on the magnitude of a ZEN Buddhist  Shaolin priest! His devotion to the young girl is totally selfless. His  protective feelings for her - and the level of intense violence juxtaposed  along side moments of tranquil beauty - remind one of the Japanese film  series: &quot;Lone Wolf &amp; Cub&quot;. It is paternal - but it is  joyful.<br />.... I would NOT hesitate to rent this movie. You will be moved  in a really big way.<br />.... - The Aeolian Kid
B0000020C4|5.0|This is the finest recording of Les Mis I have ever heard, and I should be the judge since I have heard and own almost every single one.(except for Highlights and the OBR) Colm Wilkinson is the god a musical theater, make  no mistake about that one. His is the only man who will EVER play Jean  Valjean.      Philip Quast is such an amazing Javert. I never knew who he  was until I watch this performance. He has such the perfect voice and look  for Javert, its eire.      Ruthie Henshall is the only Fantine I  like.(Sorry to all the Patti LuPone fans and any other Fantine's I have put  down), but the truth is the truth, Ruthie has the voice for Fantine, the  pain is in her truly in her voice.       Michael Ball is a great Marius. Is  there ANY shock? I don't care a lot for his looks but that voice makes up  for it. All the recordings I have include him as Marius and it seems that  Colm better look out for his challenger, M.B.       Lea Salonga is so  wonderful as 'Ponine, I see why people have to put her performance down, it  was great. She is a LOT better than the girl on the CSR. She has been  through a lot in her career and that should be recognized.       Judy Kahn  I think was my least favorite performance. She has matured since her first  recording but she has no appel to me.       Alun Armstrong and Jenny  Gallowy were great, although they need some voice training. The comic  relief is always my favorite part of show.        Hannah Chick (despite the  bursting baloon) did a great job in one of her frist show's. She has a  lovely voice and she will go far. The same with Adam, he was a great  Gavroche.         FOR ALL LES MIZ FANS, YOU NEED TO GET THIS, IT IS TRULY  THE DREAM CAST, AND THAT IS TRULY UNDERSTATED.
6304436386|5.0|FROM: The Aeolian Kid...<br />TO:  All Amazon.com Readers...<br />DATE:  3/8/2000, 11:27 PM, EST,  WAMESIT...<br />ITEM:  THE PROFESSIONAL...<br />Dear Reader,<br />.... This is a film that provides a perfect example of true human  compassion. A teenage girl reaches out for support from the only other  human being in her life who she trusts and feels comfortable with - her  neighbor down the hall, a professional hitman!<br />.... But this is no  insensitive thug! We find ourselves genuinely opening our hearts to this  man as he demonstrates truly altruistic and unselfish love and compassion  for his younger female friend in need. His heart reaches out to her, and as  he does so, our hearts open up to him - and the developing friendship that  he and the young girl share. It really is touching.<br />.... The film shows  the character of this simple man who makes a living by killing people -  total strangers - for a local underworld character in town who seems to be  the only person in the world - other than the young girl - who he has a  human relationship with. The hitman is a living lesson in the study of  contrasts: uneducated in the ways of the world, but worldly-wise; able to  kill human beings without a thought of hesitation, but truly caring about  the life of his indoor plant; unable to form mature relationships with  adult women, but able to selflessly give his all in defense of the young  girl down the hall. It is beautiful.<br />.... If you have ever seen the film,  &quot;Harold &amp; Maude&quot;, then you will be reminded of the essence of  that film as you watch this one. It is magical! Also, the level of  discipline shown by this totally solipsistic, obsessive-compulsive,  hermetic, and strange individual borders on the magnitude of a ZEN Buddhist  Shaolin priest! His devotion to the young girl is totally selfless. His  protective feelings for her - and the level of intense violence juxtaposed  along side moments of tranquil beauty - remind one of the Japanese film  series: &quot;Lone Wolf &amp; Cub&quot;. It is paternal - but it is  joyful.<br />.... I would NOT hesitate to rent this movie. You will be moved  in a really big way.<br />.... (C) 2000 The Aeolian Kid
0375751513|5.0|I first was introduced to Dorian Gray through a book club, and I thought 'Oh no, Oscar Wilde, here I go, another hard to read boring society book&quot;.  I was wrong. Within the first two chapters of Dorian Gray I  was intrigued and fascinated. This book deals with several issues that are  as important now as they are today: the way our culture worships beauty and  youth, an admiration that boarders on homosexual love, virtues, the  differences between men and women, and what art is and what makes it truly  art.  Dorian Gray is a beautiful young man, who sees a portrait of himself  and says &quot;How sad it is! I shall grow old, and horrible, and dreadful.  But this picture will remain always young...If only it were the other way!  If it were I who was to be always young, and the portrait to grow old...I  would give my soul for that!&quot; The book takes off from there, leading  you from a small theater to great parties. While younger readers may find  some of the wording as tough as an old gym shoe, anyone older than 13 with  an interest in mystery, romance, and how society runs, will find this a  pleasurable and haunting read.
0688158234|5.0|I'm a German student and read the absolutly remarkable peace of literature in our English class. My mother recommended this book to me, so, after starting reading it, I really wanted to share this experience with my class. And here we go, this book, full of emotions, extreme experiences,  uncontrolable fate, this book really is brilliant.
630516889X|5.0|I recently rented &quot;Predator&quot; on DVD and I forgot what a darn good movie it was. This is one of Schwarzenegger's best films. This film has suspense, action, laughs. Though the DVD does not have any extras it is  still worth buying just because it is a good movie.
6304711875|5.0|This was one of the most original horror movies I have ever seen. I was really impressed with how suspensful it was. It also had some comedy in it.It is a definent buyer!
6305750750|5.0|Personally I thought that this film had more action than the rest of the trilogy combined. This film features good performances from Liam Neeson and Ewan McGregor and George Lucas did a good job directing. I reccomend this  film.
0688158234|4.0|I am a German high-school student and I read &quot;Desert Flower&quot; in my English class. Normally I would not have read a book like that. It is not the type of book I would pick out of a bookshelter. But in this case I really liked the book.  I could not stop reading. It was described really  well, you could feel with Waris through the situations the poor little girl  had to go through.  All her emotions and worries were so real and touching,  they just overwhelmed me.  Her life is almost like a miracle from the bible  and at some parts it is a little bit overemphasised how lucky she was. But  it is still good to know that miracles happen even in our days. It is also  interesting for me to see that there is an alternative to our stressful  life. There is a way to stick to yourself and she shows it to everyone.
0800177363|4.0|I read Oliver Sacks's remarkable book before seeing the movie, and was expecting the latter to depict some miraculous no-holds-barred cure; so I was pleasantly surprised by the treatment of the subject (no pun intended).  Robin Williams is terrific and all the supporting cast is wonderful. I  loved actually seeing how the encephalitis lethargica patients acted. The  only reason this film doesn't get five stars from me is because of a couple  of scenes that came across like a retread of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's  Nest; otherwise, the characters pull the story off beautifully.
B00000JHAU|5.0|This one definitely ranks among the best albums I've ever heard.  Each song is perfect pop, each with its own story to tell.  &quot;The Stars of Track and Field&quot; is an epic, shimmery opener, &quot;Seeing Other  People,&quot; propelled by its rollicking Guaraldi-esque piano riff, shows  lead singer Stuart Murdoch's clever lyrical wordplay.  The real winners on  SINISTER, however, are its middle tracks, &quot;Like Dylan in the  Movies,&quot; &quot;The Fox in the Snow,&quot; and &quot;Get Me Away from  Here, I'm Dying.&quot; These 3 songs are so beautiful, with great messages  to boot.  I guess the best advice I can give is to believe the hype and buy  the album.  Unless your idea of good music is Britney Spears or Limp  Bizkit, SINISTER will easily rank among your favorites.
0767805712|5.0|This movie has excellent characters, music, and plot. My favorite thing about it was that in the context of genetic engineering, the issue was not &quot;intelligence&quot; or &quot;artistic talent,&quot; but pure and  simple health or physical appearance, which is far more scientifically  accurate. The movie did an excellent job of addressing the nature of social  phobia and creating an entirely plausible society. It also contains the  most suspenseful scenes I've watched since Rear Window. The lost scenes on  the DVD version show some interesting variations that might have come  about. Excellent science fiction!
0440234743|3.0|It's like Grisham didn't know how to finish the book.  Thesetup for conflict was there, but nothing really happens ...Believe it or not, this book would be better if it were the first of a series.  I'm not saying how it ends, but if a few twists and turns are added, the follow on would be excellent.  END
0780628551|4.0|Most viewers said this film was bad, but to me it was pretty good. I don't usually get sci-fic movies but I actually get this one. If you like horror, love, and space movies check this movie out. This movie is about a perfect  all-American couple. Spencer Armocost (Depp)has died in space, then a life  force take his body and his memory. NASA lost contact for two minutes and  in space with the another astronaut contact them back. His goal to make his  wife(Theron) pregant and he need his own kind to make a space ship from  their design.   ~~~~~I ACTUALLY GIVE IT 4.5 STARS!~~~~~
0684872153|5.0|Alternately heartbreaking and hilarious, this lyrical memoir is a joy to read. McCourt's honesty about his family, his childhood experiences, and his own shortcomings is refreshing. He relates the pain of his poverty without self-pity, and the religious upbringing with a mixture of humor and  some anger. I am an avid reader, and this is one of the best books I have  read in a long time.
0780628551|4.0|Most viewers said this film was bad, but to me it was pretty good. I don't usually get sci-fic movies but I actually get this one. If you like horror, love, and space movies check this movie out.      This movie is about a  perfect all-American couple. Spencer Armocost (Depp)has died in space, then  a life force take his body and his memory. NASA lost contact for two  minutes and in space with the another astronaut contact them back. His goal  to make his wife(Theron) pregant and he need his own kind to make a space  ship from their design.   ~~~~~I ACTUALLY GIVE IT 4.5 STAR!~~~~~
0804106304|5.0|This book was truely a wonderful reading.  The poetic language and use of unique and unusual similies and metaphors was delightful.  This is the story of the lives of 4 women and their mothers, who happen to be imagrants  from china.    The story documents the most difficult and interesting times  in the lives of both mother and daughter and how they learn to understand  one another.  Or at least how the daughters learn to understand their  mothers.
079073382X|5.0|&quot;Before Sunrise&quot; did not get a lot of attention in the theaters, so it's nice to read these reviews and know that I wasn't the only one that really loved this movie.  Watching it reminded me of the summers I spent  Eurailing, and the mix of people I met along the way.  Somehow, this movie  captured that experience perfectly.  Rarely have I seen a movie which  struck such a chord with me.
0783230710|3.0|This is one of my favorite films.  Had it on VHS pan and scan, then VHS widescreen, now DVD DTS version.  I was really excited to try this out on the DVD player.  It's a good transfer with excellent sound.<br />But, for some  reason, they left out ALL of the extra goodies on the DTS version of this  disk!  No subtitles, no trailers, NOTHING!  What were they thinking?  I  really wanted to see that extra stuff!   According to the other reviews  posted here, the extra material was excellent on the other version of this  disk.  Shame on these guys for ripping us off on the DTS version.  <br />Will  swap my DTS for a non-DTS version!  Interested?  Write me:  JonADuncan@aol.com.
B000002VCW|4.0|Besides singing about weighty topics such as Lord Grenville and smuggling, Al Stewart also shows that he can be both romantic and whimsical. The images of the women he conjures up in song are of women who are happy,  independent, and confident. &quot;If It Doesn't Come Naturally, Leave  It&quot; is a perfect example. On the more pensive side, there is  &quot;Broadway Hotel&quot;. &quot;One Stage Before&quot; is a mystical song  with a theosophical bent as are many of his songs to this day. The title  track, although overplayed on the radio the year it was released, remains a  pleasure to hear. For those unfamiliar with Al Stewart, YOTC is a perfect  way to begin enjoying him as it remains one of his most intellectually  accessible albums.
0790734850|4.0|First impressions: what a cast! A superb collection of actors, all fitting neatly into a carefully crafted film. Sets, music, tone - all are excellent, and drag you into the era beautifully. <br />The plot is a neat  one, too. Most of the characters (except, bizzarely, Spacey's) are pretty  three-dimensional, and the realisation that there is no 'good guy' in the  cast helps to give the film credibility. Applause, too, for the climatic  scene, which is nicely done, if a little awkwardly ended.<br />Flaws? With the  stellar cast, DeVito in particular seems forgotten after the first fifteen  minutes, and in general the uncovering of the truth seems a little  contrived - was that REALLY enough evidence to expose the conspiracy?  Perhaps the book has the answers. Anyway, the significant point is that I  want to go and find out - the film has drawn me in that much.<br />Overall, a  beautiful and seamless film, with a real sense of emotion.
B0000025D0|5.0|'Darkness' is the second in the trilogy of albums (along with 'Born to Run' and 'The River') which truly defined his career.  On 'Darkness', gone are all of the production headaches and stress that went into the making of  'Born to Run'.  What you have are ten tracks delivered from the heart of  New Jersey's most honest working class hero.  The songs are less safe and  more gut-wrenching then on 'Born to Run'.  'Something in the Night' and  'Racing in the Street' bring to life the theme of the wandering man, his  girl and his car.  Seems so simple, but his stories are so compelling.   'Darkness' also demonstrates a completely new level of musicianship for the  Boss.  The guitar solos are obviously one-takes with passion and hardness.   When he sings 'I lost my money and I lost my wife - them things don't seem  to matter to much to me now' in the title track, you just can't deny the  soul of this album.  Buy it!
0767802659|3.0|Okay. Starship Troopers is a parody of a war film, about a quasi-facist future Earth in which people's lives are confetti, and duty to the state is everything. The point is nicely made, but just isn't enough for a fairly  long movie. Which is what causes the problems.<br />Because after about half  an hour, Verhoeven suddenly realises, &quot;Drat, I'm stuck with this  now.&quot; And the film deteriorates into a pretty silly special-effects  showcase. Entertaining, but mindless. And the satirical point is at risk,  because when the film ends, you've forgotten how it began. <br />Nice touches  include stunning SFX and clever casting, wherein gorgeous, ridiculously  handsome models get torn up by ugly bugs, thus parodying the action movie  type. But soon enough Starship Troopers has BECOME what it parodies. Shame,  because for a while it was really onto something.
B000001FS3|5.0|This is more than Album. It is a like a spiritual experience. The music is going to haunt you even when you are not listening to it. You can feel the pain in &quot;Red Hill Mining Town&quot;, though &quot;Without or without  you&quot; is my all time favorite. A must for the lover of any kind of  music, not just rock.
0140177396|4.0|&quot;~Of Mice And Men is story of two young men (Georgr and Lennie) who travel from ranch to ranch. It was unsual the ranch life, that two men would stick together for so long. The ranch life was a everymanforhimself life, but Lennie and George went through it together. Besides the affection  that they had for each other, what held them together was common dream.  They dream to buying a little ranch to grow their own crops and  animals.&quot;~ disorder, while George was a small but meticulous man, who  looked after Lennie all the time. I meant almost all the time, until the  day that he went to the town (to drink) and left Lennie along in the ranch,  and Lennie did something that shattered their dreams (forever).
0201485672|5.0|I won't go too much into it because it would overlap the other reviews.  This is really a good book, just like &quot;Design Patterns&quot;.  If you have that one then you need to get this one.  If you don't then you need to get both.  All examples in this book is in Java but it easily applies to  all other languages.  You may already be doing some 'refactoring' without  knowing it but this book solidifies the concepts.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I would like to say that Lauryn's tracks are off the hook, she is the most talented musician I have ever heard.  I would also like to clarify about &quot;the starving her kids&quot; issue.  Lauryn NEVER said any of that,  did you hear me, SHE NEVER SAID THAT.  There is proof in numerous articles  about Miss Hill.  SHE IS NOT RACIST.  If you have read her book that is  out, you would know that it all started with a misunderstanding on the  Howard Stern Show.  So stop bad mouthing her, she is the BOMB!
B000002J0P|5.0|This Album is one of their best, no questions asked.  it is a sweet blend of good old fashioned folk music mixed with rock.  The best stuff that they ever recorded are on this album including Wooden Ships and Suite Judy Blue  Eyes, two of their most famous and cherished songs.
B000021Y77|4.0|One of the most entertaining films I have seen in a very long time.  Visually a remarkable film that never lets up for one minute.  Watch it a ye shall enjoy...
B000002ITW|4.0|Although not there best Album that they did, it is their best live album.  The one detraction from the album is that Suite Judy Blue Eyes is not heard in its entirity, otherwise the album is great and you are able to get the  feel that you  are actually at one of their concerts.
0684852756|4.0|Kureishi calls this &quot;Intimacy, A Novel&quot; but it is really hard to believe that you aren't reading his most personal thoughts. The narrator is a writer, living in London, who has been nominated for an Academy Award.  Kureishi too is all this. He tells of his decision to leave his wife and  family for a variety of reasons, but which really all end up with his  inability to accept the limitations of a permanent relationship and a  family. Most of the time you want to grab him by the lapels and tell him to  grow up...but part of the time you know exactly what is going through his  mind. Kureishi doesn't pull any punches here, and he reveals more than  enough warts on his character for us to dismiss him as nothing more than a  selfish lout. But few selfish louts have the skill and courage to bare  their souls so completely.
0375420525|1.0|Unwisely drawn to architectonic balderdash (the weirder the better), I wanted very much to like this book. Try as I might, I couldn't. Did you ever think you might achieve something truly noteworthy by imitating what others have done with great success, bit by bit assembling your scattered  imitations, hoping the end result would justify your borrowed means?  Authors do, and I suspect this is what Mark Danielewski has tried to do  with House of Leaves. Despite occasional flashes of better than decent  writing, it just doesn't work for him. Why? There's no heart here; no  vivifying center. The result is a poorly contrived, highly pretentious  mess. Don't waste your money and time. Alas, I did.
0385486804|2.0|Rich kid finishes college; decides there is dignity in leading a simple life off the land; crashes around the USA for a couple of years living off the kindness of strangers; heads to Alaska; dies.<br />Krakauer wants us to  find some meaning in this. I am not sure that there is much to be learned,  and I don't think that Christopher Johnson McCandless found any more  dignity from dying young in Alaska, than he would have achieved from  staying alive in Virginia.
6305750750|3.0|George Lucas had unprecedented control over this film.  Never before has one man had such technical expertise, financial resource, guaranteed audience, and absolute unquestioned authority to bring his singular  artistic vision to the screen, therefore all praise or criticism  justifiably lays squarely at his feet alone. The conclusion... The Emperor  wears no clothes.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Very soothing, sexy voice of Sarah makes a number of good mellow songs eprfect for night driving, or any other nightly activities! Highly recommend this.
B000003BF4|5.0|Disregard the opening editorial...This is The Stones at their peak! The raw sound that comes off of the stage just makes 'ya wanna turn it up as loud as you can. This is the &quot;definitive&quot; live album of all time  and if you don't own it, than you haven't heard the greatest rock &amp;  roll band in the world! And besides, rock &amp; roll ain't  supposed to be  pretty; leave that to the teeny-boppers...&quot;Ya Ya's&quot; says it all!
6304698623|5.0|Beautifully shot, well acted, kept the attention of a 34 year old and 6 year old.  Have seen it at least 20 times.  Need I say more?
B000002UAR|5.0|I always think of Revolver and Rubber Soul before it as a fantastic 1-2 punch. I love both with this one edging out its' predecessor. I like everything I hear here..with maybe the exception of &quot;Love To You&quot;  (Sorry, George!) Still, it's a fantastic album.
630575067X|4.0|The problem with this movie is that it lays the basis for things to come.  This movie wasn't about Naboo, or it's trade dispute, or Jar-Jar Binks, or even Anakin Skywalker.  True, the midiclorian concept is borderline  ridiculous, as is Anakins &quot;immaculate&quot; conception.  Anakin is  introduced, as is Obi-Wan, and Palpatine.  The ENTIRE POINT OF THIS MOVIE  WAS TO SHOW HOW PALPATINE WENT FROM BEING A SENATOR TO HEADING THE GALACTIC  REPUBLIC BY SUBTLE MANIPULATION.  Those of you who didn't see that from the  start, aren't true Star Wars fans.  This was about Palpatines rise to  power, his smirk at Qui-Gons funeral should have showed you that, along  with his comment to Anakin at the end.  I give it 4 stars for things like  the immaculate conception, and midicloreons, and Jar Jar binks.  It's the  basis for things to come, and that was the plot.  The light saber battle  gets 5 stars, as does the pod race.  (True, it ripped off Ben-Hur, but  Lucas knew that, he's not stupid.)  Buy it, it's part of a huge story, and  lays a foundation for all the other films.  (I also give it a 4 because NO  DVD?   Content, scmontent, George, I want the best viewing experience  I can have..DVD DVD DVD..)
B000002UAU|4.0|I always preceived Sgt. Pepper as an event or a work of art, because that's what I was told. Before I owned my own copy I had been lectured to about it. I had read and watched and listened as this, along with many  other Beatle albums, but this one in particular, was disected and discussed  and hailed as their masterpiece. <br />Sound familiar? This wasn't 1967. It  was 1987. I had an LP of Pepper and later a cassette. I didn't get the CD  until the mid 90's, and it was then that I sat down and listened, really  listened, and made up my mind for myself.<br />I found that, like the other  Beatle albums I have, there are songs here I love, some a like, and some I  just don't like.  <br />By far &quot;A Day In The Life&quot; is my favorite  track. The opening, &quot;With A Little Help...&quot; and &quot;Lucy&quot;  are all great, along with &quot;Lovely Rita&quot;. I think the packaging is  probably the best thing about the album and for me, it sort of overshadows  and helps hide what may be the weaker songs. This is just my honest  opinion. In the terms of Beatles albums there are just a few more that I  love better and find much more enjoyable. I'm not in any way knocking  Pepper.<br />I have to agree with people who say that &quot;Strawberry  Fields&quot; and &quot;Penny Lane&quot; probably should have been on here.
0790735199|5.0|I can't even begin to describe how much I love this film.  It is just simply awesome.  All of the fight scenes were great!<br />I do have a few problems with the film overall.  First, the plot could have used some  tightening up....although it's explained that Roper and Williams are war  buddies, there is no connection between them and Lee(at least until the  very end).<br />Furthermore, Jim Kelly is killed off way too early in the  film.  More screen time would have added to the film.
B000002UAO|4.0|Probably my favorite album title and one of my favorite albums period. So much good music is here with only a few that I tend to skip (Never a fan of &quot;Michelle&quot; for some reason...)Once again this album can't be  dismissed as a essential recording, but in the end it your ears that must  be the judge. <br />My ears liked it.
B00004R99I|2.0|I was so disappointed in this film. The animation is lovely, as always, but the ending was disappointing and the music was definitely mediocre. If you're gonna make an entirely fictitious film about a real life historical  character, would it hurt to have a happy ending? Instead, John Smith goes  back to England alone. What a bummer. Rent, don't buy, this movie.
B000002UB6|3.0|Sorry, Philfans. And yes, I know he was asked by the Beatles themselves to &quot;fix&quot; this album. But, after hearing the 3rd Anthology and seeing the video I was reminded of the original &quot;Let It Be&quot; film which  was available on laserdisc in the 1980's and I remembered the untouched  &quot;Let It Be&quot; and &quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot; and  &quot;Across The Universe&quot; and it made me rethink this album all  together. <br />I don't see it as raw and live, like I used to. The rooftop  tracks are great but where's &quot;Don't Let Me Down&quot;? (&quot;On Past  Masters 2&quot; sez everyone.)<br />One side should have been studio tracks,  the other the rooftop stuff. But that's all been discussed, yes?<br />All in  all &quot;Two Of Us&quot; is wonderful as is all the live stuff. The  Spector stuff I could do without. Maybe someday they'll remaster and both  the album, without the Spector touches, and the film (which was pretty  sloppy too. You see unseen footage in the Anthology boxed video.)
B00003CWPR|5.0|This is a typical Kubrick film, as such it is very complex.  You can't comprehend the entire film after seeing it once.  Only after seeing it a couple times do the many subtleties click.   Essentially, this chronicles  the relationship between a married couple and its volatility.  The movie is  paced slow and builds tension quietly, this is not a Friday night date  movie.  The atmosphere is incredible, from the dreamy glow to the creepy  soundtrack, it all complements the story beautifully. Bottom line: complex,  excellent film, marketed poorly, for patient adults only.
B000000645|5.0|Of all the ISB albums this is probably the one which most stringheads bliss out on...even more than &quot;5,000 Spirits&quot; it established Robin and Mike as purveyors of prime stoned hippy wisdom and musicians of  apparently limitless talent. Unlike much contemporary material it still  sounds great today - just check out Mike's &quot;Very Cellular Song&quot;  and Robin's &quot;Witch's Hat&quot; for an illustration of what made the  String Band so special.
1563523302|1.0|this book reminds me of a book of elementary nature-Pug-and i tried to read-on hoping the authors would make it worth while in the end, sorry.  i cannot believe men with phd's would write such jibberish, enough with the dr north and dr south all thru the entire book.  i am only glad i did not  waste my money purchasing the book.
6303433766|5.0|'Heavenly Creatures' is the true story of two school girls in Christchurch, New Zealand who murder one of their mothers when the two families plan to separate them.<br />Juliet Hulme and Pauline Rieper (later  revealed in the trial to be Pauline Parker, as her parents never married)  quickly become best friends when Juliet's family moves to Christchurch in  1952. Pauline's family is working class; Juliet is a high-class girl.  They're both lonely and creative. Their friendship becomes more obsessive  and surreal every day, as they mix reality and fantasy: They create a  kingdom called Borovnia, where bloodspill is common and Mario Lanza and  Orson Welles make appearances. It is to this world they retreat when they  wish to forget the upsets and pains of real life. Juliet and Pauline's  parents soon enough become the enemies of the girls, when they plan to  separate the girls. Juliet and Pauline will do anything to stay together,  Pauline cooks up the idea of getting her own mother out of the way, and you  can guess where it goes from there (I won't give away any more of the  plot).<br />The acting in this film is first-rate and marvelous. Kate Winslet,  as always, is elegant and gorgeous. Melanie Lynskey is wonderful as  Pauline; her body language and mannerisms add much to the story. In the  space of only one and a half hours, you feel as if you know Juliet and  Pauline as well as they know each other.<br />(It should be noted that Juliet  is now an author, working under the name of Anne Perry. Pauline is now  running a children's riding school in England and goes by the name of  Hilary Nathan. There are many informative sites on the internet about both  the film and the real life events. If you are interested in seeing them,  drop me an email at emme_kiss@yahoo.com and I'll gladly send you the URLs.)
6305358567|2.0|Elizabeth I's life and times were spectacular enough in truth to have made an excellent movie.  However, the makers of &quot;Elizabeth&quot; saw fit to take thefacts of her reign, blend them together and spit out the facts  at incorrect times.  The movie does not depict events in logical sequence,  and is sometimes confusing.  I did think that Cate Blanchette did an  excellent job of portraying the very complex Elizabeth.  However, the scene  toward the end of the movie when she cuts off her hair and dons white  make-up was a farce.  She wore white make-up to cover smallpox scars and  old-age lines;  she wore elaborate red wigs to cover her own thinning red  hair.  It was very misleading.  See it for Cate Blanchette, but realize  what you are seeing is inaccurate about the life of England's greatest  monarch.
B00000272N|4.0|Just totally disregard the next review, that person obviously has no taste.  But yes, as previously stated, this is for true AIC fans.  Although AIC had to grow on me, they (like Soundgarden) have become 1 of my favorite  bands.  The 1st album I heard from them was Dirt, which took a while to  grow on me.  I got this last year at a time when I was thinking &quot;gee,  what good AIC album do I NOT have?&quot;, &amp; this is it.  If you don't  have this or Dirt, Dirt's a little heavier, so I'd recommend Facelift first  before getting into Dirt.  And if heaviness doesn't bother you, then  starting with either one will do.  Good tracks on here include the obvious  hit &quot;Man in the Box&quot;, &amp; I hadn't heard any other tracks until  seeing the video of &quot;Sea of Sorrow&quot; this past summer, which  sparked my interest in wondering what the rest of the album sounds like.  The only drawback I think on this album is it doesn't have any ballads like  on Dirt, like with &quot;Rooster&quot; or &quot;Down in a Hole&quot;, but  it still holds up to good early '90's rock.
0767802519|5.0|I've watched this DVD several times now, and it just keeps coming back for more.  This is the story of a young girl (&quot;Mathilde&quot;, Natalie Portman) who seeks refuge with a neighbor who happens to be a hitman  (&quot;León&quot;, Jean Reno) after she comes back to find her family has  been massacred by a cadre of corrupt DEA agents.<br />Fueled by revenge,  Mathilde somehow convinces the naíve italian immigrant León to teach her  the fine art of murder-for-hire in exchange for taking care of his home and  reading lessons.  As time passes, the two grow close and eventually must  confront Mathillde's nemesis together.<br />Gary Oldman is absolutely  terrifying as the smacked-up ring leader.  His performance alone is worth  buying the movie for.  Oldman is so into this character that he really does  send chills down your spine in a few key scenes.  In fact, I don't believe  the VHS version of the movie would do him justice -- you need the clarity  of the DVD to truly see the madness emanate from his eyes in the  closeups.<br />Natalie Portman (yes, the Princess from Phantom Menace) also  delivers a fantastic performance, at what appears to be the age of 13.  The  scene near the start where she begs León to open the door is extremely  moving.   She's very believable throughout.   Jean Reno also is solid,  although the fact that he is so overtly French made it hard to believe that  he was supposed to be fresh off the boat from Italy.<br />The video and sound  quality are great, but the movie itself is even greater!  Although this  could be classified as an action movie, it's really best described as a  drama with some intense action sequences, since the non-action portions are  just as satisfying.
6305718911|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS SO SCARY.I COULD NOT GO TO SLEEP THAT NIGHT. EVERYWHERE I WENT I THOUGHT I WAS BEING WATCHED!
B000006NPY|5.0|This is an amazing album for people who love music as opposed to people who think 'their' band should sound a certain way. If the Beatles had done that a lot of incredible music would not have been made. This album is in  my opinion one of the best ever made and I have heard a LOT.
B00000JCOV|4.0|I think most of this CD sounds great. Its heavy as Hell. It lost a star in my opinion b/c Corey screams too much - at times it sounds alright but eventually you'll get a headache. If they tone that down and keep the same  heavy feel for their next CD, it will ROCK.
